Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, nor any of it's characters. AN: This was a funny tongue in cheek fic that I literally pulled out of my ass. I think there will be a second chapter, sort of like an epilogue, but that's it. Just short and smutty. "I'm not so sure about this, Jess…I don't know anyone…" Bella said shaking her head scrutinizing her reflection in the mirror. "That's kind of the point, Bella, to actually meet people. Now stop moping! It's Halloween for god's sake!" Jess said without even looking over at her as she applied her blood red lipstick in the mirror. "I'm not moping." Bella said sarcastically as she sighed in resignation. Jess raised an eyebrow at her through the mirror's reflection, "Isabella Swan, that is bullshit. You've just been dumped by Jacob Black; I'm pretty sure if you look up 'moping' in the dictionary, there would be a picture of you right next to it." Jess shot back. "Thanks for the reminder. Please explain to me why we're friends again?" Bella scoffed crossing her arms over her chest to hide her cleavage, already regretting her decision to allow Jess to choose her costume. "Because you and I both know that you can do a hell of a lot better than Jacob Black." Jess said giving Bella a small smile and moving to sit next to her on the couch, "Now, turn that frown upside down. I bet there'll be loads of hot guys at this party." Bella pinched the bridge of her nose, "Jess, we just broke up yesterday ." "All the more reason to get back on the horse. They call them 'rebounds' for a reason, Bells." Jess chuckled as Bella glared at her. "Fine; come, or don't come…I'm just trying to help you." Jess said as she stood and made her way to the door, grabbing her small pink wristlet off the counter. "I'll come, but only because I'm already dressed." Bella groused as she pulled herself off the couch and followed Jess out the door. ooOo0oOoo Bella stood against the wall nursing some sort of alcoholic beverage; she couldn't be sue what was in it, since it was all mixed up in a large pot with different types of fruit floating on top. She had been at the party for about thirty minutes, and still not a single person had approached her. What the hell was she doing here anyway? "I hear it's deadly." She turned sharply to her left, and her mouth dropped open as her eyes locked with the most unusual pair of golden eyes she had ever seen. Must be contact lenses . "I'm sorry?" she asked, unable to tear her eyes away from his. "The punch; I hear it's deadly." He clarified, nodding towards the red solo cup in her hand as a shy grin formed at the edge of his lips. She returned his smile, feeling herself blush under his intense gaze, "It doesn't even taste like there's any alcohol in it." "Exactly. It lulls you into a false sense of security, then bam , it gets you when you least expect it." He answers as he leans casually against the wall beside her. "I'll have to be careful then, won't I?" she responds cheekily to his statement and studies his profile as she lifts the cup to her lips in mock salute. He was beautiful, almost painfully so, and pale . His eyes were the most unusual color of liquid gold she had ever seen. "Isabella Swan" she said holding out her hand to him, "Though you can call me…um… anything you want ." The corner of his lips lifted into a smirk as he grasped her hand, and he noticed her eyes widen almost imperceptibly as their skin made contact. "I mean…I'll answer to pretty much anything" she clarified, wishing the floor would just open up and swallow her. Why did she have to be so damn awkward? "Edward Cullen. It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Swan." "Are you cold? You're hands are freezing." She said as he quickly dropped her hand and shoved them into the pockets of his jeans. "Yeah…um…sorry." He stammered, looking away from her suddenly. Had she offended him? "It is pretty cold in here…" she said unintentionally glancing down towards her cleavage before clearing her throat, "would you like to join me by the fire?" she asked uncertainly, gazing at him from beneath her lashes. She watched as he nodded once, a muscle twitching in his jaw. A jaw that I wouldn't mind running my tongue over. Where the hell had that come from? She hadn't even been single for twenty-four hours, and here she was already having dirty thoughts about the handsome stranger beside her. He bit back a smirk as he followed her through the crowd over to the plush sofa beside the fireplace. "So do you go to school here? I don't recall having seen you around, I'm pretty sure I would have remembered you..." she asked as she sat facing him, allowing her eyes to appreciate the perfect male specimen in front of her. "No." She masked her disappointment at the thought that she wouldn't run into him again on campus, and before she could ask why he was at a college party, he spoke. "I live nearby; I heard the music and thought I would check it out; it is Halloween night, after all." He said giving her that shy smile again that she found utterly adorable. "Crashing the party then?" She laughed as she took another sip of her drink, "I won't tell." She watched as his gaze traveled over her form, pausing deliberately at her chest. "What are you supposed to be?" he asked in amusement, enjoying the way the blood rushed to her cheeks and chest as she blushed. "Isn't it obvious?" she asked gesturing towards her skin tight black dress with the slit up the side, and her blood red lipstick. He leaned towards her slightly, furrowing his brow in concentration, "Don't tell me…a vampire?" he asked giving her a dark chuckle. Bella smirked, "Nope. I didn't want to deal with those god-awful fangs. I'm Elvira." "Ah yes, because the absence of fangs should have been a dead giveaway." He said raising an eyebrow at her with a smirk. "Well what about you? Not into the Halloween spirit?" She chuckled, grasping the lapel of his dark grey pea coat. "What makes you say that?" he asked leaning closer to her, enjoying the feeling of her hand on his chest, even if it was over his clothes. "You're not wearing a costume." She said stating the obvious, raising both her eyebrows at him. "I'm not?" He asked, chuckling at the look of confusion that washed over her face. "Oh, I see, you're dressed as a celebrity or something right?" she asked, still having no idea who he was supposed to be. "Not quite." He answered as he let his hand glide down the bare skin of her back, feeling something primal deep within him at the sight of the gooseflesh beneath his palm. Her breath caught in her throat when she felt his hand skim her back, causing her to shiver. Don't stop , she thought to herself, as she leaned towards him licking her suddenly dry lips. Just before his lips brushed against hers, she whispered, "Then what?" His eyes locked with hers, pulling her into their depths, "Come a little closer and find out." He answered before she closed the remaining gap between them, and her lips crashed into his. His kiss was firm, demanding, and hot ; everything Jacob's was not. Jacob had been a sloppy kisser, often leaving her with his drool on her chin. Edward's kiss though, was shooting sparks of arousal straight to her crotch. In her haze of lust, she had completely forgotten that they weren't alone, and were in fact sitting in a crowded room full of people that were probably staring at them. When he broke the kiss a moment later, she could swear she saw a flash of red in his eyes; he stood up abruptly with a muttered, "I should go" before striding from the room, leaving her confused, horny, and a little bit pissed off. He just left her a panting quivering mess on the couch. What the actual fuck? "Bella? Who was that?" she heard Jess say as she took the seat Edward had just vacated. "Edward." Bella muttered, still in a lust induced fog. "Were you just making out with him?" Jess asked chuckling knowingly as she took a sip from her red solo cup. "I…I think so." Bella said rubbing her hand over her face, "It just sort of happened" Jess held her hands up, "No need to explain, just…just be safe, ok?" Jess said with a wink before she slipped something in Bella's coat pocket and took off again into the crowd. Bella sat on the couch for another minute biting her lip, and getting more and more irritated at him for leaving. Why the hell had he left? What was his problem, anyway? With a sigh, she decided there was no point in staying at the party any longer, and decided that a walk back to campus would be just what she needed to clear her head. ooOo0oOoo She could see her warm breath as she exhaled deeply against the cold night air; for October, it was unseasonably cold, and she mentally swore at Jess once again for her revealing costume choice. It was late, probably after midnight, as her heels clicked along the damp pavement. She wrapped her jacket around herself to ward off the chill as her thoughts drifted back to Edward. How can one man affect her so deeply after only having just met him? She could still recall the feeling of his fingers as they danced along the bare skin of her back, and shivered again at the memory. "Isabella" She stopped at the sound of his voice, simultaneously feeling elated that he had come back, and pissed that he had left in the first place. "What do you want, Edward?" she said without turning around. She knew if she looked at him, she'd give in. "I'm sorry." He answered She spun around sharply, and took a few steps towards him closing the distance between them. "Sorry for kissing me, or sorry for leaving? Which is it?" she asked crossing her arms over her chest defensively. She knew she was probably being overly sensitive due to recently having been dumped, but she didn't care. She was tired of men thinking they could take what they want and then just walk away. "Both; you should steer clear of me, Isabella." He said giving her a pained expression. She scoffed, "Why? I don't understand…" "Because I'm no good for you." He said as he brushed cold knuckles over her warm cheek "I don't care." In an instant, Edward's lips were on hers once again, and she moaned into his mouth, wrapping her arms around his neck to pull him closer. His hands slipped beneath her jacket and slid up her back, relishing in the blessed warmth of her skin. So warm, so alive . "Isabella; you don't know what you're asking" he muttered against the delicate skin of her throat, inhaling her intoxicating scent and feeling her pulse racing just beneath his lips, "I'm not sure I'll be able to stop" "Then don't" she said turning her head slightly to meet his golden gaze. She saw his Adam's Apple bob in his throat at her words as he swallowed thickly. "You said you lived nearby…"she said biting her lip, hoping he would read between the lines. His restraint was crumbling at an alarming rate as she stood before him in that far too revealing dress. "I did…I do …" he stammered nervously, as her lips spread into a slow predatory smile. "Then take