Obsidian Eyes A SS/HG fanfic by Severus Sortiarius {A/N: A dark fanfic written with Death Eater Snape in mind...Once again I own Nothing...I am not J. but I do enjoy Snape's Character...This is my very first SS/HG fanfiction ever written...I figured there was no harm in posting it...enjoy...} {For Those of you already familiar with this story, This is a Repost...) Warning: Intro Contains a RAPE scene, skip to chapter 2, if you are squeamish, or have traumatic issues. This Story contains Mature themes and is not for anyone that is not of proper age. M for MATURE. For correction purposes, Hermione's age imprisonment have been refitted with the HP timeline of Cannon. {" And the moon gives me... Permission and I enter... Through her eyes... She's losing her virginity and... All her will to compromise... I didn't want to hurt you baby... I didn't want to hurt you... I didn't want to hurt you... But you're pretty when you cry..."} Pretty When You Cry, Vast Prologue : Rude Awakening W alls of the most soulless grey seemed to spin around in a vague blur as 6th year Hogwarts student, Hermione Granger lay on the cold stone floor of her apparent prison curled up in the fetal position. She had no recollection of anything that had taken place only a few hours before but a chill deeper than the cutting cold breeze ran through her. "Mud-blood"..."Worthless little Mudblood"... Her mind tried desperately tried to slip away needing the comfort of nothingness that came with unconsciousness, like a warm blanket in winter. The sound of clicking of locks filled her ears and the door to what must have been her cell opened letting in a precious few rays of light in the utter darkness she was forced into for who knew how long. She could not understand at first what was happening but then she got a sudden sense of fear. The memory of bad touching...unwanted touching... it had been sharp and painful. She let out a faint whimper. "My...My...is the infamous, Harry Potter's little Mud-blood afraid?" asked a familiar voice. Hermione would have rolled her eyes if she could, she would know that wretched screech anywhere. As her eyes focused she got a glimpse of none other than resident "Mad witch", Bellatrix LeStrange. The older witch stood in all her "gonkey glory" before the terrified young Gryffindor with a satisfied smirk on her face merciless pale face. "I can tell you one thing...whatever it is that you you think you fear now pales in comparison to The Dark Lord." she hissed rather smugly. Hermione gathered her Gryffindor courage. She knew whatever the death eaters had planned for her it was not going to be good. Bellatrix flicked her wand and Hermione lifted off the cold stone floor and flew against her will, straight into the harpy's grasp. "Let's see if Potter will save you now." hissed Bellatrix. "You are after all nothing more than a pathetic little Mud-blood ." "And you're a daft, shrieking harpy." replied Hermione mustering her courage. "Just wait until Harry get's through with your snake-faced master...then he'll have no problem finishing you off...bimbo!" Enraged Bellatrix gripped Hermione by her throat and rushed her down a long dark corridor and into what looked like an enormous dining room. As they entered Hermione could barley make out the numerous death-eaters, all sitting at the large table. all clad in Black and grey robes as if they were board members of some high end muggle businesses. She saw only two among them with any familiarity. One of them had been Lucius Malfoy, the father of Draco Malfoy from school. His appearance had not been totally surprising, and the other had been more of a shock to her than anything else, Severus Snape. Professor Severus Snape had been her teacher for the past 5 years. She had known him to be part of the Order of Phoenix and Dumbledore's right hand wizard. How could he be here? She wondered not taking her eyes off him. He glanced at her once and returned to his neutral position. His eyes had been as dark an obsidian as she had ever seen them and cold, much colder than she had ever known them to be. "Mud-blood!" Bellatrix bellowed angrily. "I'll teach you some manners!" Turning her attention from Snape back to "the shrieking harpy", Hermione found herself slammed onto the ground as the mad woman set upon her. The daft thing bit her. She bit her hard on the arm and choked her in enraged spurts of malice. Hermione tried her best to fight the woman but her body had not been able to respond as quickly as she had hoped. She had still been a bit sluggish from what ever spell she had been hit with. "You will pay for your insolence!" bellowed Bellatrix. "E-enough!" hissed a raspy but familiar voice. The room fell silent almost immediately. All eyes including Hermione's fell on a snake-like animorphed figure with no nose. The hiss had filled the young Hogwarts student with pure dread as she stared into its dark eyes. It had been the Dark Lord himself and the air became thick with tension as he stepped toward them. "S-so this-s-s is-s the so-called friend of Harry Potter..." hissed Voldemort. "Yes, Master." replied Bellatrix. "This is his little harlot.. .Mud-blood. " Voldemort looked over Hermione who only glared at him. Gryffindor Courage indeed. "Leave us-s-s." hissed Voldemort waving away Bellatrix without much effort. Bellatrix glared at Hermione who had not moved from the spot on the floor. As much as she summoned her courage to face this monster, she dared not move. It had been understood that if she had she would have been ripped apart. "Harry Potters-sss Mud-blood ." said Voldemort appearing to be deep in thought. "Do you feel s-s-safe now?" Hermione just glared at him silently not at all wishing to address her best friend's most hated enemy. "Defiant to the end." he said with a smile. "Hold to your precious Gryffindor courage if you must Mud-blood ...it will not save you here...This I-S-S NOT HOGWARTS-S-S..." Hermione had known this but still did not falter in the face of his weak brand of intimidation. Voldemort's smile returned, a sickly smile. One that had been the result of sadistic thoughts. "S-S-SEVERUS-S-SS." he hissed. Severus Snape got up from the long table and made his way over toward the dark wizard. He walked as briskly as he had when traveling the lengthy corridors of Hogwarts castle, his shiny black dress shoes clicking against the black marble floor, black and grey robes billowing as he quickened his pace, his lengthy raven hair rising and falling against his neck and shoulders, and his face as pale as the moon and impassive. Hermione looked at him as if he had been something comforting to behold. This was Professor Snape. He had been the man that saved them for the past 5 years from all sorts of monsters and curses, even a werewolf to name a few. She gave him an almost pleading look with her amber eyes. If he noticed at all he ignored it. His focus had been on The Dark Lord and he seemed to be awaiting his command. "Yes, My Lord." was all Snape said as he looked at the dark wizard still with the same impassive expression filed across his sallow pale face. "You know this-s-s Mud-blood quite well." hissed Voldemort. "I do." replied Snape in an emotionless tone. "And you know how attached Potter is-s-s to her?" hissed Voldemort seeming to be studying the dour wizard as he addressed him. "I do." replied Snape still in that same emotionless tone. Hermione had been puzzled as the despot, Voldemort place a pale humanoid hand on Snape's ebony clad shoulder as if it had been a purely father-like gesture. Snape looked straight forward knowing full well what the dark wizard was trying to do. He allowed the wretched thing to search his mind and poke around for facts about "The Golden Trio's" bond. Images of their close knit group huddled together for much of the school years past and present had flooded the despots mind. Always together. Always causing trouble. Always close in their ties. At the heart of the group, the brave and intellectual Miss Hermione Granger. Harry Potter's driving force against the darkness of his destiny. More images came. Several confrontations with Harry Potter, though Snape had not known why they had been relevant to Miss Granger's situation. "Potter seems-s-s to hate you just as-s-s-s much as-s-s-s he hates-s-s- me." hissed Voldemort with a smile as he continued to sift through the images. "That he does." replied Snape the coldness dripping from his baritone drawl. Voldemort took his hand off his shoulder, a moment that brought a slight feeling of relief which quickly faded once he had seen that Dark Lord smiled again as he looked over at Hermione Granger, who said nothing but it had been clear she was wondering what the exchange had been all about...she had guessed he read Snape's mind but not why he had been smiling. "T-Take her S-S-Severus-s-ss." instructed the Dark Lord with the all to familiar hiss. Snape looked unsure of what he wanted. The dark wizard pointed toward Hermione Granger, who seemed to be studying him but had been careful not to move a muscle. Was he just going to let her go? They had kept her for two days why would he release her now? She had not understood any of this but something told her to be weary. "My lord?" asked Snape as if he had been uncertain of the meaning. "Take her S-S-Severus-s-ss...prove to me that you are as-s-s-s loyal as-s-s-s I believe you are." hissed Voldemort. "Give us-s-s-s a s-s-show!" Snape looked down at Miss Granger taking in what the contemptible despot meant by "take her". "As you wish." he said bowing before Voldemort then he turned and walked over toward Hermione. Sheer panic set in as she hardly had time to breathe before the pale, exceptionally tall thin framed wizard swooped down upon her. She fought and protested as Snape's dark eyes beamed down on her. In that instant she knew exactly what was about to happen. His gaze seemed to hold her in place as she felt his pale hands move swiftly about her body ripping off her loose fit jeans and kickers with a wave of his wand. His expression remained impassive and his gaze cold as it locked onto her. She could do nothing as if he held her there with wand-less magic. Snape's pale hands moved rather quickly as he unbuttoned his trousers. His lengthy black cape draped over the both of them. He pulled her toward him moving his way through her legs as if navigating from distant memory. His expression was still impassive. Not an ounce of passion nor pleasure, or even disgust. In one agonizing moment she realized he wasn't there to help her. Hermione tried one last time to plead with him not to do this but it had fallen on deaf ears. Snape gripped her rather roughly and panic swept through her as he impaled himself inside her in one swift movement. An incredible wave of pain and agony hit Hermione as her insides throbbed from the unwelcome intrusion. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she writhed in pain still held down by his gaze. Of one thing she could be sure about from her former professor, he was not a small man. Her insides felt as if she were going to burst from the sheer mass of him. The tears kept coming in waves. Blood trickled down the marbled floor from their exchange and death eaters howled at the sight of one of their own plowing "Potter's Mud-blood ". Voldemort sat pleased with himself watching the show as if commuting every ounce of agony into great detail. Snape