SALVE SSHG A SS/HG (ft. Bellatrix) fan-fic by Severus Sortiarius A/N:I OWN NOTHING, This is for my amusement and others if you feel so incline to venture with me...The Characters and all rights Belong to J.K. Rowling, but I like to venture into her playground...particularly when it comes to a certain Potions Master...No Money is being made off this...and I'm quite alright with that...Stress relief and letting my imagination run wild is all I care about here...and of course Reviews...I'll try and watch my spelling but it does tend to go awry in the heat of the moment when typing so bare with me...RATED M and it's not changing...I won't be as descriptive as some other writers out of respect to the characters, but I will make them HUMAN. WARNING: Contains Mature Content...M FOR MATURE { Plot: After the Tragic Death of her husband, Hermione Granger's life had been placed on a downward spiral until some truly wonderful shocking news alleviates her pain and give her a hope she never knew existed. This is the beginning of how she reached such a tragic state and stood on the brink of a new future.} {"Your So Cold...Keep You're Hand In Mine...Wise Man Wonder...While Strong Men Die...Show Me How It Ends...It's Alright...Show Me How Defenseless You Really Are...Satisfied And Empty Inside...Well That's Alright Let's Give This Another Try...") Breaking Benjamin, So Cold Prologue : Night Of The Fall,(May 2nd, 1998) Severus Snape's Quarters, Slytherin Dungeons, Hogwarts Castle, Wizarding World... H erbs and various earthy scents filled the air as well as the scent of old worn leather and dampness. The air of mind-numbing quiet and a sense of utter dread had been so thick it was hard not to breath it in. The young Gryffindor witch known as Hermione Granger layed in the center of a large black four poster bed with crisp black sheets and a forest green comforter. The pillows which had been rather worn had black pillow cases as crisp as the sheets. At the present moment one of the pillows closest to the left end of the bed had been soaked rather horribly from the seemingly endless tears of the aforementioned young Gryffindor witch. Her sobs ranging from silent drops to full on wails of agony. Her young heart shattered as she continued feeling herself become drained at the release of such a powerful emotion. She had traces of rubble and dust on her light pink sweat shirt and her blue jeans retained some splatters of blood. Her white shirt had been stained as well but not significantly so. Her normally untamed bushy reddish brown hair had been even wilder and she seemed to have aged quite a bit from the ordeal as she layed there letting her sobs die down. She could still see his face. It only made her cry harder as she resisted the urge to reach out to him. Her small hands clenched in the reflection of her agony as she shifted into the covers for comfort pressing her right cheek firmly against the softness of the pillow in desperation. On her left hand a rather large diamond ring with a sliver band sat above a second sleek band of silver wrapped neatly around her third finger. Her glistening eyes looked down at it and the memory of how a fraction of light reflected off it and made his eyes appear to shimmer as he slipped it rather smoothly onto her finger. His touch had been warm. Warmer than she had ever expected as she watched him intensively. The familiar dark scowl ever present as he completed his task. His scent had been heavily ingrained in the pillow case. She gripped it tighter as more flashes of memory came easing her pain in a paradoxical fashion and increasing it at the same time. His voice had swept into her ears as he glared down at her a look of resigned frustration on his face as they stood together before Albus Dumbledore and a less than pleased Ministry official. Remus Lupin had been at Hermione's side his brown eyes shifting from her to her new groom. She saw the rather unsubtle glare Lupin gave her future husband and saw as the familiar scowl became accompanied by an icy glare as the two men silently got their points across to one another. If they had not been old enemies and if the situation had not been so serious she might have even giggled at the jockeying display. More tears as she felt the emptiness of the bed knowing it would never again be filled by the true owner. Hermione had been quite exhausted as she fell into her memories letting them take her away like a calm tide on a hot day. Her heart had been shattered and her body ached beyond belief but it was nothing compared to the torment her soul had endured that day. The young witch's eyes closed as the final tears of the day fell silently down her cheeks. The image of the dour Potions Master filled her mind and his obsidian eyes gleamed briefly before returning to their cold distant normalcy. He stood before her in his usual black frock coat buttoned all the way up to his neck and lengthy black cape complete with equally black trousers and boots. The small splotches of white from his sleeve which went all the way up the middle of his palm, and high collar. The numerous buttons had been expected and greatly appreciated in his overall appearance. She took in his pale complexion and lank raven hair nearly covering his pale face with the exception of his rather large hooked nose and angular jawline. Most witches would not dare describe him as handsome but she wasn't most witches and none of them had ever had the privileges with him that she had become accustomed to. Hermione shifted some in her sleep. Her warm amber eyes still filled with tears as she reached out toward him. "Severus." she said in a soft pain-filled tone. "Hermione." he replied with a rare small smile. She drifted off for a good few hours before dawn had set in. HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Elsewhere... The world around her seemed to shift and Hermione found herself in the center of a rolling plain with hills and grasses of various color. A short distance away from where she stood had been a rather large healthy oak tree. Beneath it sat The Potions Master wearing only a long sleeve white shirt and and black trousers. His raven hair had been at his shoulders just as she remembered. He looked different in some respects. He had been healthy and years of stress and neglect seemed to have melted away. His still had an incredible hooked nose but he was rather appealing in the freedom of this place. Tears streamed down Hermione's cheeks as she looked him over. "Severus." she said as the pain seemed to melt away. He looked up from where he had been evidently sketching something in a white note pad. His obsidian eyes held a faint trace of sorrow as he stood up and walked over toward her. "Hermione." he said breaking into a small smile. She ran over toward him as he got to his feet. He steeled himself as she lept into his waiting arms as she had done quite often before. It had been the only time that he allowed himself not to immediately reject her advances. He caught her and they tumbled back down into the grass. He laughed as she took it upon herself to try and kiss him into oblivion. "Still can't seem to control your emotions can you little Gryffindor?" he asked in that rich baritone drawl of his. "I've missed you." she said suddenly feeling the sadness that filled her heart before return. "I'm still here." he replied wiping away the tears that started to fall down her cheeks. "I want to stay with you." she said nuzzling her face against his chest. "Hermione." he said serious. "As much as I would love for that to happen now is not the time...there is so much you are to accomplish." "It's not fair." said Hermione as more tears streamed down her cheeks. "We didn't have enough time." Snape wiped away her tears once more. "Hermione." he began. "We could have been together for an eternity and it still would not have been enough." Obsidian eyes met amber. "You have to go back." he said softly. "There are a lot of people that still need you." Hermione tightened her grip on him. The sound of his heartbeat filled her ears like a song she had never wanted to forget. "I love you Severus." she said as the tears continued. "I love you too Hermione." he replied. "Always." SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS Two Days Later... Emerald Green eyes rested on the solid brown door of The Potions Master's Quarters. The chill of the dungeons had set in and Harry James Potter found himself shivering. He stood slightly paled and quite exhausted. His notoriously green eyes had bags under them and his jaw was tight as he watched the baby blue half-moon imprinted robes of Headmaster Albus Dumbledore swirl into view. His long white beard swayed as he tore his sorrowful blue eyed gaze from the disheveled and exhausted Harry to the door of The Potions Master's quarters. He seemed to have gone just as pale as they stood there with time seeming to move in slow motion. The only bright color in the halls of the dimly lit dungeons had been the bright red of Ronald Weasley's lengthy and wild hair as he stood beside Harry but well behind the focused Headmaster as he prepared to get passed the heavy wards that kept them outside the stubborn brown door. One other had been in attendance, Madam Poppy Pomfrey, head Med-witch of Hogwarts. She stood on the opposite side of The Headmaster with her eyes focused on the door as well. Tension had been high between all four of them as time seemed to crawl. Harry grew anxious in the wait as they continued to stand there. "She hasn't come out of that room in days." said Ron stating what had been quite obvious to everyone around him. "The final battle was quite rough on her Ron." replied Harry sadly. "She...she misses him ." "Well, I know that she had taken it hard that "The Greasy Git" had to go all noble at the last minute but..." started Ron. "Ron." said Harry in a warning growl. "Sorry mate." replied Ron honest. "Force of habit...It takes some getting use to with you and Hermione being so sensitive about Snape is all." "He...he was a great man Ron." said Harry sadly. "I-I wish..." Ron nodded and placed a hand on his best friend's shoulder. "Me too." he replied knowing exactly what he meant. "If only he had a contingency plan like Dumbledore." Harry looked at the ground guilt had been quite heavy as it bore down on him. The memory of confronting Snape outside the astronomy tower came back in a chilling fashion. "I-I should never have called him a coward...what he did for us..." Harry said feeling sick all over again. "I should never have told her..." "It's alright mate." said Ron trying to cheer him up. "Hermione will forgive you...she just needs a bit of time." Harry nodded not at all reassured. He had set the ball in motion to sow discord between Hermione and Snape. He could not see passed his own selfish anger and had no idea how bad he truly hurt his friend in the process. Then there was what happened during the final battle. He couldn't get the image of his friends face being soaked in tears out of his mind. Hermione had been so hurt that she had not said a word to anyone. She simply retired to Snape's rooms and locked herself away in