Ill Occurrit Luna Lumen SSHG A SS/HG fanfic by Severus Sortiarius A/N:I OWN NOTHING, This is for my amusement and others if you feel so incline to venture with me...The Characters and all rights Belong to J.K. Rowling, but I like to venture into her playground...particularly when it comes to a certain Potions Master...No Money is being made off this...and I'm quite alright with that...Stress relief and letting my imagination run wild is all I care about here...and of course Reviews...I'll try and watch my spelling but it does tend to go awry in the heat of the moment when typing so bare with me...This is not my first fanfic but my first to probably be published...RATED M and it's not changing...I won't be as descriptive as some other writers out of respect to the characters, but I will make them HUMAN. {A/N: I've been trying to avoid this one for a while but it won't let go...Half inspired by a question I had from the movie Prisoner of Azkaban and my created character Severus Snape, the High Elf in Skyrim...who's looks a bit like book Snape (quite proud of the way he turned out) Is a Werewolf created solely for the purpose of entertaining my What if?} (For those of you who have read the original posting this is a re-post) WARNING: Contains Mature Content...M FOR MATURE, My thanks to all my Readers and Reviewers...Enjoy-S.S. Prologue : Ill Met By Moonlight The Whomping Willow, Hogwarts Grounds... T he moon had been full this night. A large round pearl in a sea of black velvet. Her shine more illustrious than that of a diamond as she hung with the soft white glow emitting from her cold gray form. An evening chill had set in providing the seemingly appropriate backdrop for the terrifying events to come. Soft mist filled the air as thin gray clouds of stretched across the sky blanketing the path of the moon as if to by at her non-existing feet. She calls to her children in the dead of night. Their hearts bursting with her siren song and they endeavor to worship at her feet. Luna, The queen of the night and ruler of werewolves. A pearl more precious than any gemstone in the eyes of the beasts that prowl the night. As if driven by compulsion, her children long to bathe in her glow and will bite scratch and claw through any means to get to it. Driven mad in the need to be free of their fleshy prisons. On this night Professor Remus Lupin had been no exception. His heart beat wildly when he heard Luna's call. A thunderous rhythm the soundtrack to what would have been murder most foul if not for the actions of another who dared to step in. The savage beast won out and Professor Lupin was locked away during the call of the night. How unfortunate that his savage side took on its form with three young students having to witness it. Before the werewolf could make a move, another guest came out of the hollowed grove. Clad in ebony from head to toe. A rage radiating off him in wave after wave. Beneath pale flesh, his blood boiling in his veins. Potions Professor Severus Snape made his way out of the dreaded hideaway beneath The Whomping Willow. His shoulder length raven hair rose and fell softly with each aggravated step. His long ebony cape twisting due his frustrated pace and because of the increasing breeze that swept over them adding further a foreboding element to the already eerie atmosphere. Obsidian eyes fell on the three huddled Gryffindor students of Hogwarts: The red head Weasley boy, who's pale face was twisted in fear. The Bushy haired insufferable know-it-all Granger. And of course, Potter. How can he forget Harry Potter, the bloody boy Who-Lived-To-Be-A-Pain-In-The-Arse. It was Potter after all that had sent him flying through the old worn bed with a flick of Granger's wand. The irate Professor Snape advanced on the huddle trio thinking nothing of their huddled appearance and fear contorted faces. Reactions like that to his pretense were always the same. He reached out with a long pale arm clad in ebony and gripped Potter's collar with his equally long pale fingers. "Potter!" he had said bitterly as the rage radiated off him. "There you are...you are going to answer for turning your wand on a..." He didn't get far with his threat as the sound of a vicious snarl filled his ears and nearly scared him to death. "Professor watch out!" was all he could make out. Snape turned in time to see a rather large beast with thin gray fur and the equivalent of a comb-over. The Potions Professor blinked taking in the familiarity of the creature. He hardly had time to make a mental assessment because it came straight for him. In a matter of seconds the beast swiped a menacing claw across his ebony clad chest tearing through the fibers of his frock coat and shirt. "AHHHH!" shouted Snape in pain the agony of his intensely ripped flesh caused him to double over. The creature had gotten ready to take another swipe when a hairy black mongrel leaped into the fray biting at the beast in a bid to steer it away. For a moment the beast had been occupied swiping away at the black mongrel. Snape turned to look at the students. Harry had been more interested in the welfare of his mongrel godfather. Ron was too terrified to speak and Hermione looked Snape over seeing the large slash across his chest for herself. "Professor are you alright?" she could not think of a single thing to say otherwise her nerves shot from the fear but her concern was evident. Snape had been about to utter a sarcastic remark but the notion was lost when the black mongrel Sirius Black was thrown back into a nearby tree by the incensed beast. It growled viciously and made it's way toward the huddled students and the bleeding Snape. Without a thought Snape placed his injured body between the beast and the students. Hermione Granger had been nearest to the monster and the one closest to being in it's grasp. She huddled her small frame behind Professor Snape as Harry and Ron huddled behind her. Snape's arms draped in ebony robes stretched out blocking the beast from being able to injure the students but left no protection for his own lean and injured form. With a minor window of time Snape addressed the frightened students. "Stay back." he instructed. "When the time is right...get yourselves to Hogwarts as quickly as possible." Hermione Granger filled with concern over the state of the injured man had not thought it a wise idea to leave him. They had been in enough trouble over the attack Harry initiated with her wand. She did not want to see the man dead after his thwarted previous attempt to save them. From what she could gather from the banter between Professor Snape and Sirius Black, the man believed the three of them were in danger and it brought him out of the confines of the castle to assist them when everyone else stayed behind. The infamous guilt of Gryffindors had been well known throughout Hogwarts and Hermione Granger had been no exception to it's baring clutches. If Professor Snape got killed by Professor Lupin it would be all their fault. While neither Ron nor Harry would have any love loss between them and the snarky Professor, Hermione harbored no ill will toward the dour man despite her aggravation at his verbal jabs and snide comments. Especially, when he might well have saved their lives. "What about you, Professor?" she asked not at all feeling too good about leaving him. "Do as I say!" demanded Snape not taking his eyes off the advancing beast. He had little time to argue further before he was descended upon by the snarling creature. The force of the beast slashing at Snape again tearing through his coat and pale flesh beneath. The scent of his blood seemed to be causing the monster to go into a frenzy. The injured Potions Master thought quickly. He needed to get the beast away from the students as quickly as possible. Realizing that he had only one shot at this Snape cast a wandless protection spell on over the students. It wouldn't last long if his ability to fend off the beast lacked any standing and it killed him but it was worth a shot. Snape had been in the snarling creature's cross hairs now that the scent of his blood provided enough of a distraction. He took a deep breath unsure if he would survive the next few minutes or wind up in the stomach of Remus Lupin. The irony that this werewolf had been the very same that nearly killed him when he was but 16 years old and attending Hogwarts himself. "Alright overgrown mangy mutt." said Snape unable to resist a good jab at Lupin. "Come and get me." Before Snape got ready to make his move there was a snag in his plan as Harry Potter, consumed with worry over losing his newly acquired godfather ran toward Sirius Black who had reverted back from his animagus form. The green eyed wizard took off toward the downed man getting the attention of the beast before Snape could do anything about it. "NO POTTER!" shouted Snape as the beast went charging after Harry. Hermione attempted to follow but was grabbed by Snape who pushed her back toward a fear frozen Ron. "There is no sense in you needlessly risking your life, Miss Granger." he said annoyed. "I shall tend to your precious Potter...the both of you get back to Hogwarts immediately!" With that he took off in a burst of adrenaline toward what he believed to be his doom and all in a desperate bid to save Harry Potter. It didn't take him long to happen upon the scene. Harry had been huddled over Sirius with the beast advancing on them. The Potions Master couldn't believe his rotten luck. He was about to save the very selfish prick that nearly cost him his life to this very monster. Summoning the last of his strength Snape charged the beast much too exhausted to conjure magic after trying to sustain the protection shield for the students. His blood oozing from his chest had not been much better for him. He could feel the dull burning and throbbing as he ran. His lungs burning in his chest. Harry blinked and both Snape and the beast when rolling down a hill grass and dirt had been flying as they tumbled. The green eyed wizard heard the sound of Snape screaming in agony and the beast snarling after the initial fall and then nothing from Snape as the beast howled in the moonlight. Below The Hill... Severus Snape opened his eyes to find to his amazement that he had been still alive. Though his breaths were shallow and it pained him every time he exhaled. The werewolf got to it's feet snarling and whimpering from the pain in it's right hind leg. An indication that it twisted something in the fall. The Potions Professor gauged that his actions at least slowed the mangy beast down. A short lived mental victory if ever there was one. The sound of Harry Potter's voice rang out as the boy attempted to rouse an unconscious Sirius Black. The ears of the beast perked and Snape could tell that it had gotten the monster's undivided attention. The Potions Professor tried to move but found everything ached and his strength had left him. If he didn't find some way to stop the beast soon the Potter boy would be it's first meal and then where would the wizarding world be? The Dark Lord would win and Lupin would be severely crushed.