Orele Ollivander stood across the room from none other than Lord Voldemort, who watched her with growing anticipation for what she had to say. It had been years since he'd seen her last and, he found, she still looked as young and beautiful as she had fourteen years ago. Even after caring for the child she disappeared with. She had very curly brown hair, that he remembered those mornings so many years ago when he saw her struggling to untangle it almost brought a smile to his snake-like face. Her eyes pierced menacingly into his, those silvery gray Ollivander eyes. "How long has Melody known?" she finally asked, putting it out into the empty air pretty casually considering how obvious her anger was. He smirked. "Since I was sharing Quirrell's body of course..." Her nostrils flared, a warning of her impending anger. How many furious fits had he seen her get into? Quite a bit... "Did it never occur to you that I might have wanted a better future for our daughter?!" "Nonetheless, a daughter you kept hidden from me for many years," he said, keeping his temper down. He didn't need to get angry, he could calm the woman down enough to make her understand. "For good reason!" she snapped, walking up to him purposefully and slapping him with all her might. He caught her wrist before she could do it again, and her other wrist as she tried once more. She gave a growl of frustration. "It may have been fun for me all those years ago to follow along with your plan to overtake the world and use Dark Magic any time I wanted, but those days are over! I don't want Melody to follow in our footsteps!" "Your wishes are irrelevant when she's been helping me to power since the day she found out about me. You may have hoped that she would become a Mudblood lover such as yourself, but your actions to keep her from me were hopeless when she hid her true colors from you." Voldemort was beginning to wonder how he could keep his temper down with Orele continuing to glare at him as though he were still her lover and not someone that would kill her should she make one wrong move. She paused. "She hasn't... she..." "Are you finally going to be reasonable?" he asked. She stepped away from him, and he let go of her wrists. "You must have... have brainwashed her or something... I don't know this Melody you speak of!" "As I said... she hid her true colors from you, very well it seems... You see, Orele? She is every bit my daughter as she is yours. As an heir of Slytherin, you should have realized she would comply with the job her ancestor – our ancestor – left us with." Orele was shaking now. Whether it was from anger or fright – or both – he wasn't sure, but it certainly didn't bode well. "Why did you disappear all those years ago?" he asked impulsively. "I realize that you think you saw the error of your ways, but what good could have come from leaving the country?" She looked at him. It wasn't like all the looks he got from everyone else – which was fear – it was the look of someone who knew him very well. At that moment, though he couldn't admit it, Orele was frightening him. He'd kept her all those years ago because he'd felt as though she was the only one to understand him – having a lover who wasn't afraid of him was easier to... work with, one might say. But now, it was scary... if it meant he loved her, he'd have to kill her. "At the time," she replied shakily. "I thought it would give hope for Melody. To live in a home where there's no talk of the wizarding world – to live among Muggles... I guess I had been wrong." "You can still correct that past mistake," he said, holding out his hand to her. Fear be damned, he wanted to see if he could bring her back to his side. His feelings could be pushed down if he really tried, because he knew Orele's magic was strong. She could even assume her old alias again. It would bring two dark wizards back from the dust when they were ready! Not only that... but even though she slapped him, which he'd have to deal with her about later, she hadn't shown any sign of noticing how frightening his face was. Did this mean she still loved him as she once told him she did? Her original frigidness returned, so he instantly drew his hand back. "I regret nothing," she said, turning away from him to pace thoughtfully. Now she made him seethe, though in silence. He gave her an option and she refused! Surely she remembered he never did such a thing very often? He slowly took his wand out, drawing her attention right back to him. "Of course..." she said calmly. "I always knew that if I had to die, it would be by your hand." He faltered, yet his anger grew to the ceiling. "What do you mean by that?" "I mean..." she said, walking towards him so they looked at each other face to face. He was a lot taller than her – always had been – but she was rather dangerous for a short woman. "You're doing what you always do – taking the coward's way out so that you can stay on top. You're in love with me, though you'll never say it! Aren't you, Tom Riddle?" Fury embedded itself into his deep red eyes. "I'm in love with no one, especially not you!" She didn't cringe with fear or fury, rather stood there, bracing herself. " Avada Kedavra! " A blinding green flash of light, and Orele crumpled down to the ground. Dead. I sat bolt upright in bed. My breath was hitched, my heart felt frozen, it can't be true, it just can't be true ! I quickly stood up out of bed and hurried out of my room to my mom's. "Mom?" I called out, panicking. I slammed her door open... she wasn't in her bed. I checked in the room next door, but only Jim lay asleep. Completely unaware of the sudden death of his ex wife. I didn't recognize the room they had been in, and wondered where it was that dad had moved to. Hoping dearly that I wasn't too late. My Uncle Gerald poked his head out of his room, bleary-eyed. "Melody... what are you –?" "Where's mom?!" I asked him. "Whoa, calm the hysterics..." he said. His curly brown hair was ruffled from sleep, but he was waking up a little bit at a time as he talked to me. I gave an " Agh !" of frustration and ran down the stairs, making sure Gerald wasn't around before I took some floo powder and jumped into the fireplace. Without really being sure of where to go, I threw down the powder shouting "Professor Snape's Office!" He was just coming into his office when I jumped out – probably to get the next school year's work arranged – when I skidded to a halt across the room from him. He glared at me... he wasn't happy after he found out I already knew for a while who my dad was... "Where is my dad hiding out right now?" I asked hurriedly. "Why are you asking me? Surely you can send an owl out?" he said, turning away from me in disgust. "Severus, I need to know right now ! It's an emergency!" "Don't call me –" "I don't have time to argue with you about names right now! Professor ! Sir ! Whatever ! I don't have the time and I need to know where he is, now !" He finally looked at me, a question behind his dark eyes. "At Riddle House... why?" So Dumbledore hadn't gone to search Little Hangleton yet. I should have figured. I haven't seen every room in that house. "Thank you!" I said, my voice cracking. I jumped back into the fireplace top speed, hoping I wouldn't be too late. He couldn't have done it already, he just couldn't. I blocked my mind so he couldn't see my terror – even blocked my emotions in case I was too late. But I can't be ! "Riddle House!" I came out of the fireplace in the living room and ran through the house in search for where the two of them were. Sadly enough, I found it. A room I had never set foot in before was where I realized I was much too late. I felt as though I had just been immersed in freezing cold water, but my face showed no emotion. My mother was on the floor, her eyes open and lifeless – no, no longer my mom, just her left behind corpse . I put another wall up in my mind to bury my emotions further. "Melody," dad said in surprise, looking up to see me. I felt Severus come up behind me and freeze, no doubt just noticing the body. Then dad smiled, clearing his throat he said, "You saw it happen, didn't you?" I nodded slowly, not quite understanding anything I was hearing but I thought it was maybe because I couldn't think straight anymore. Looking up at him – and making sure I didn't look stiff anymore – I said, "I'll just take her home with me, then." He chuckled. At least everyone, including him, would think I was on his side. He walked toward me with a smug look on his face. I was looking past him at her as I mumbled, "A… pity she wasn't more easily consolable. I thought… that she would understand. She blew up at me as well." "Yes…" he said, giving one last glance back at her before grinning down at me. "But, we'll be better off this way…. Here is your mother's wand," he handed it to me. I took the wand and pocketed it. Another wall was built itself up in my mind. "Severus," he said curtly. Then he was gone from the room. "How did you know she would be here?" Severus asked softly. I had just stood my mom up, pulling her arm over my shoulders so she stood relatively upright. I ignored his question, feeling about ready to throw something. I put up another barrier in my mind, it made it easier for me to control my emotions - at least around someone like Severus. I went into the fireplace with Severus, who did the honors of getting the floo powder to get us to the Ollivander Home, and Uncle Gerald was just coming down the stairs dressed up in regular clothes. I gently settled my mom down on the floor and sat down – keeping her head in my lap. "Orele, where have you –" he hadn't noticed she wasn't awake – not even alive. I added yet another barrier in my mind and looked up at him. "Dead... dead... Voldemort killed her - dad killed her - just killed her…." Gerald froze on the steps, on his face was a look of horror and confusion. He slowly continued his descent and looked down at mom's lifeless face in utter shock. Severus knelt down next to me, looking me hard in the eyes. "You are genuinely sad that she is dead?" I indignantly looked up at him. She had cared for me... she was more than just she , she was my mother . It took me a moment to realize, as I thought this, that he couldn't read my thoughts, that my barriers were up so he couldn't see the onslaught of emotion swimming around in my head. I put up another barrier, hoping that I would