AN: Written for shesasurvivor in the Hunger Games Holiday Exchange over on AO3. Her prompt: Haymitch and Johanna find new ways to heal together, and find a new lease on life, after the war. Many thanks to my beta, Deathmallow! I own nothing. Enjoy! In the end, the girl on fire was incinerated. The bombs in the City Circle got her as well as her sister. The coroners were only able to differentiate between the two because Primrose Everdeen was a bit shorter than her older sister. Embraced in death, with Katniss holding her sister beneath her, their photograph became the last propo needed to win the war. Most of Star Squad 451, including Peeta Mellark and Finnick Odair, were either taken out by pods or that first bomb in the apartment complex. There wasn't much of any of them left to bury. Gale Hawthorne was recognized, arrested, and shot by Peacekeepers after an escape attempt. President Alma Coin honored these martyrs to the rebellion in a speech, dedicating a monument for them in the Capitol, now District Fourteen. That was before she botched the execution. Her archery skills are nonexistent; she never lived off the bow. The flaming arrow - a poetic symbol meant for another - planted in the overthrown president's abdomen, and before the nation, Coriolanus Snow burned. It's as though the entire rebellion went up in flames. What did any of them expect, though? The remaining victors - only five, damn it all - are ordered to return to their home districts, where they are to remain for the rest of their lives. The way President Coin phrases it, it's as though this is some kind of compensation. Enobaria and Beetee leave on the first available flight to their respective districts, eager or maybe anxious to see who and what is left of either. Before, Beetee spares Haymitch a hurried farewell. He hands Haymitch a slip of paper by shaking his hand, holding his grasp long enough to tell him, "I look forward to seeing you in the future. Panem will be in good hands." Haymitch winces, trying to disagree without alerting any suspicion. He's not much of a threat anymore, though; he's barely awake and hasn't consumed anything that wasn't alcohol for weeks now. Pocketing the paper, deciding it's folded for a reason, Haymitch watches the older man amble up the hovercraft. Somewhere in his mind he's aware he'll never see Beetee again - the older man must be delusional to think otherwise - and that he should be sad, but Haymitch is just too tired to care. He's no stranger to loss, even recently. When Annie kisses his cheek after their murmured goodbyes, Haymitch wonders what kind of future they've left for the hard swell of a baby that briefly presses into him. The rebels won but, unlike Beetee apparently, Haymitch suspects they're in no better hands. At least the kid won't be reaped. They accomplished that much. Verbena Everdeen doesn't look at him, and he's glad . With tears and several caresses to her somewhat swollen middle, Annie Cresta-Odair returns to District Four with Verbena and a flock of doctors. They plan to build a hospital, and Annie will be in it, under Coin's endorsement. Haymitch knows Annie and Verbena both need the company for distraction so he doesn't ponder whether Annie will be released postpartum for too long. Johanna is unusually quiet as she prepares to depart on a hovercraft stocked with emergency supplies for Seven. Haymitch walks with her onto the runway, the only one left to say goodbye. Once she leaves, he'll board the next flight for Twelve. He may have to wait a day or so; there's not much travel there since nothing - and no one - is left. Johanna turns to him, frowning. "I honestly don't know what to say." "Well, shit. That's a first." That draws a reluctant chuckle from her. "Yeah, yeah, laugh it up, asshole. You've only got a few moments with me before we never see each other again." They fall silent at the truth finally spoken aloud. They're never going to see each other again, and worse, they're both going home to nothing. "We've still got telephones," he tries, but Johanna rolls her eyes, uncomforted. They know it won't be the same. Haymitch's throat tightens as she reaches for a rare embrace. Remembering the bag full of some of his possessions and many liquor bottles at his hip, he adjusts it behind him before meeting her hug. She's warm and solid yet small against him. He's no longer used to this kind of contact from anyone so he holds her a bit guardedly, nonetheless appreciating how they're not hiding behind sarcasm, instead just openly, wordlessly admitting that they'll miss the hell out of the other. Against his jaw, Johanna whispers, "Come with me." He thinks of District Twelve, completely empty and reduced to ashes. He's failed every tribute, every person from there. He may deserve the shame of renewed solitude but... that doesn't mean he'll yield to it. They pull away from each other, and she's going to board the hovercraft and leave him on the tarmac to decide whether to wait until he's in Twelve to off himself or just do it here, in the very place that's damned him. There's no one left to disappoint, anyway. His decision is quick and therefore slightly reckless. "All right." They board the hovercraft as casually yet hurriedly as possible and sit cramped among the boxes of supplies. Haymitch is shocked that the workers on board make no attempt to rebuke him. Then again, they're busy following their own commands. Perhaps they're unaware of the victors' exile. Still, Haymitch anticipates the worst. "You act like you've never broken the rules before," Johanna remarks as Haymitch glances out the window of the hovercraft again. "First time in a while I don't know what to expect." Johanna snorts, her head falling back against the seat. "Don't worry about Coin. She's no Snow on that front." "How do you know that?" With a shrug, Johanna observes the Capitol shrinking under them impassively. "She's doing this to dismiss us. We're not important anymore." She pulls her legs up so she sits under them. "We were important before?" he asks, and it's only half a joke. She snickers, anyway, and tells him to shut up. Relenting, Haymitch sighs as he stretches his arms out as much as his seat belt allows and rests his elbows on either side of him, on top of the seat. He's not touching Johanna but feels her shift so she's closer to him. He doesn't overanalyze the action; they're friends, and they're all they've got left. If she wants to find some comfort in their situation, he's not going to complain. Otherwise, what's the point of sneaking off with her? Staring out at the clouds, Johanna says, "I think you'll like Seven. Lots of trees." He twists around, facing her, his expression mock disbelief. "No fucking way." She pushes his elbow that's closer to her off its perch, laughing. "I swear!" "Not like I haven't been there before," he reminds her, settling back in his seat. "Only our Town Center. The Victors' Village is out farther, and there's so much more to see - besides trees. And there's all kinds of those, and so many that the war damage isn't even too bad." "I guess firebombs were out of the question there, yeah," replies Haymitch, a grim note in his tone. Johanna understands immediately. "Guess so." She frowns, looking away. "Plutarch updated me. Did he say anything to you about Twelve?" "No, which means enough." He shrugs. "Doesn't matter to me if I ain't going back there, though." From her expression, Johanna seems to believe otherwise but she doesn't say anything, which renders the hovercraft uncomfortably silent save for the radio squawks and radar beeps in the cockpit and the whooshing sound of air around them. Haymitch wonders if the pilot would have left without them, under these vague orders that seem only strict to the victors, and he's glad that's not actually the case. Finally leaving the damn city, immense yet long overdue relief alleviates him; he'll never spend another second in the Capitol - or whatever history will name it - again. With that burden lifted, he crosses his arms over his chest and closes his eyes. He falls asleep faster than expected, waking up with a startled gasp when a hand shakes his shoulder. "Sorry to interrupt your nap, old man, but we're here." As Johanna nods outside the window, Haymitch can only see blinding white snow among the dark green of pine - so much for other trees. There are voices and commotion outside the hovercraft. They've landed. " Without getting shot out of the sky?" he muses, rising from the seat with a small groan. "I must be off the hook, then." "We'll have to see. That's part of the fun." Johanna smiles mischievously, then considers the boxes around them. "Let's help carry these out." Already heaving one up from its place by his feet, Haymitch agrees, "Might as well make a good impression." He's not so much unwelcome as unexpected. While he and Johanna were known friends before the rebellion, most would sooner associate Haymitch with Zane, Chaff, and Seeder than a victor as young as Johanna. One of the overseers puzzles over how he's going to be assigned a schedule. They were only notified to create one for Johanna. "It's a new mandate from President Coin," explains the overseer who introduced herself as Shona Mulberry, handing Johanna hers, "that everyone has to contribute, and their progress has to be recorded." "No temporary arm tattoos?" Johanna asks, looking over her schedule distastefully. Haymitch sees LOGGER written on it, but then it's all just a cluster of numbers and coordinated areas and types of trees organized into a schedule. Being from Seven, Johanna must recognize what's being asked of her - it's how that's bothering her, and perhaps even why , though it's just like Coin to withhold any privilege from even the remaining victors. Neither will complain, though, when there's so much work to be done across the districts. "No." Shona hesitates. "Or not yet, anyway." Haymitch asks, "Even if I can't get an official schedule right now - and there's no hurry, really - is there anything I can do that you know needs more attention?" Shona doesn't hesitate. "Cleanup. We've plenty of carpenters, architects, and loggers, obviously, but there's not nearly enough laborers to handle the dirty work." "Lucky thing Haymitch here is the cleanest guy I know." Johanna lays a hand on his shoulder with feigned reverence and promptly drops it at the look Haymitch shoots her. "I can do it," he tells Shona shortly. "Okay. Well, judging from the other schedules, that'll be six hours after breakfast - seven o'clock - and five after lunch, at one." "All work and no play," he remarks. "Thirteen had a bit more variety with Reflection and whatever else." "Well, this is the postwar reconstruction edition of Thirteen," Johanna reminds him. She addresses Shona, "They're telling us when to eat?" "The mealtimes are when food will be offered at our rations stands," Shona answers. "We have to figure out your intake, according to our instructions. They even sent out a dietician." "Who, Thirteen or the Capitol?" Johanna asks with a brow raised. "Fourteen," Haymitch corrects her wryly. "Though I doubt there's much difference now. That's an interesting geographical situation for Coin: Thirteen and Fourteen on opposite sides of Panem." "She certainly has a fallback if her new estate doesn't perform to her expectations." Shona shuffles other schedules around in a folder, knowing they heard her without looking at them. "All that distance, though." "Exactly," says Shona lightly, and Haymitch decides he likes her. Johanna suggests unpacking at her house before starting into their work, but Shona waves them