Harry and the Triwizard Tournament A/N - I wrote this during Nanowrimo in November 2016. It is the first half of my original story, but I have writers block on the second half so I decided to post the first half. This is MY version of the Tri Wizard Tournament. I hope you like it. If I ever manage to continue the second half, I will add to this story. Please note - Character death - there is one minor character death in this story .Story is Rated T for Language HATTWT "NO! DAMN IT, NO! I will NOT take part in this tournament. I did not submit my name." Harry Potters voice was heard above the hubbub and noise that arose after his name was announced as the 4th champion of the Tri-Wizard Tournament. "Harry Potter. You are now contracted to take part in this tournament and you must do so, or you will lose your magic." Dumbledore replied in a tightly controlled voice. He was furious that his little weapon was not doing what he was supposed to do. Harry sat back down. "That's fine with me. I would prefer to lose my magic than be subjected to all the abuse I have had to live with. If I had to choose, I would choose to be a muggle any day. " "Then why dont you go back to being a muggle, you muggle son of a mudblood whore?" Draco sneered. "Because the goddamn controlling puppetmaster will not let me go back!" Harry stood up again and yelled, while pointing directly at Dumbledore. There was dead silence in the great Hall. Nobody breathed. You could hear a pin drop. "Ever since I stepped foot in this world, my life has NOT been mine to control. Everyone else controls my life, but not me. Well this stops NOW. So NO I will NOT take part in this tournament. If I lose my magic then so mote it be!" "Harry Potter you will come up here now, this instant." Professor McGonagall shouted. "It is a huge privilege to compete for the tournament, and you will compete." "You see what I mean." Harry spoke up. "They want to control me all the time. They are always telling me what to do. Well NO MORE!" Harry got up from his seat again and headed for the doors of the Great Hall with the clear intention of leaving. Dumbledore was fuming. He waved his wand and surreptitiously sent a charm to close the doors so that Harry could not leave. He also sent an Imperious curse to the boy. "Harry Potter, you will come here now." He announced in a loud voice. Noone noticed the blank look that came over the boys face. Harry did an about face, away from the doors and marched back up the aisle between the tables to stand in front of the headmaster. He was then directed to go into the room where the other champions had disappeared into. "What is it?" Madam Maxime asked. "Do they want us to go back out there?" Harry stood there not saying anything. A few minutes later, Dumbledore arrived and grabbed Harry by the arms. "Did you put your name in the cup, my boy?" he asked, shaking Harry a little to make seem like he was getting an answer. Harry said nothing. "Did you ask anyone else to put your name into the cup for you?" Again Dumbledore shook the boy slightly to make it seem that Harry was shaking his head. Dumbledore let go and turned to the rest of the champions and to the visiting school leaders. "It seems that Harry's name was submitted to the Goblet, possibly by someone other than him. Be that as it may, he has been chosen by the Goblet as the fourth champion. He must now compete or lose his magic." A shouting match broke out as everyone argued for or against this new wrinkle. "Ludo, what do the rules say?" Dumbledore asked Ludo Bagman, the Director of the Magical Games and Sports Department. "Well, now that he is here in this room, he has accepted the contract and must compete. If he does not participate, he will lose his magic." Dumbledore smiled to himself. His weapon was still his for another year. Harry heard the one word he needed that would help him, and he too smiled to himself. The headmaster of Hogwarts decided to be magnanimous and made another announcement. "Champions may be excused from classes and exams for the year, while they train for the tournament." Harry was pleased about that too. That would help his plans immensely. The Champions were dismissed to their beds for the night. They and all the staff members left the room, except Harry. He just continued standing there. Noone thought anything of him staying behind. As soon as the room was empty, the blank look on Harrys face disappeared and he scowled. He put me under a damn imperious curse in order to force me to enter this room and thus seal the contract. Who the hell does he think he is to control me like that? I am sick and tired of him controlling me and my life. This stops now. Harry smiled. Well at least I learnt a few things. And this year might even be fun! It's getting much easier to throw off the imperious curse. He can tell me what he wants me to do, but it will always be MY decision as to whether I do it or not. No classes, huh? So now I have the whole year to get my studies and grades back on track, and maybe even start on 5th year as well. Oh and that word Participate? I LOVE that word! Excellent. That's my strategy all done. Now to find somewhere to live that is NOT in Gryffindor Tower. Speaking of that house, maybe I should take Neville with me so he doesn't get bullied either. Harry left the room and softly called for Dobby. "Mr Harry called?" The house elf asked as he popped into view. "Yes, Dobby. I need someplace to stay in this castle that the headmaster does not know about and where I can stay all year. It needs to hold at least 2 people as I think I want Neville to stay with me, if he agrees." "The Come and Go room should be a good hiding place. It's on the seventh floor. Shall I pop you up there?" Dobby asked. Dobby had learnt to speak the Queens English over the last 2 years while being in Harry's service. Harry nodded and found himself in a corridor facing a blank wall. "You have to walk up and down by this wall three times, thinking of the kind of room you want. Be as detailed as possible." Dobby explained. Harry walked back and forth thinking that he needed a bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and shower and also a study room, with lots of books and books shelves to complete the OWL and NEWT exams. After the 3rd time, a door opened in the wall, that Harry swore was not there 5 seconds earlier. He opened the door and walked in. He found himself in a large bedroom that was easily 3 times bigger than the Gryffindor dormitories. It had Harry's favourite colours - Blue walls with green trim and accents - and a large 4 poster bed in the centre along with 2 doors in the far walls. Upon investigating, Harry discovered that one door led to an ensuite bathroom, and the other to a study room which had a desk, some chairs, a sofa and lots of bookshelves. Harry grinned. "This is perfect" he announced. Being as tired as he was, it was now long past midnight, Harry lay on top of the bed and fell asleep. He did not feel Dobby remove his shoes and transfigure his clothes into PJs. He also did not feel the sheets and blankets being drawn back, his body being tucked under them, and then the covers lovingly being drawn up to his neck. Harry slept on. It was noon the next day when Harry woke up. If he missed any classes, no-one bothered to tell him. Besides he didn't need to attend any classes anyway, since he was now a champion. Once Harry had rubbed the sleep from his eyes, he did a tempus charm to learn the time. Then he called for Dobby. "Dobby. Where am I?" "The Come and Go room. Remember yesterday? Professor Whiskers imperiused you to enter the tournament despite you being under age. I think you need to go to Gringotts and find out if you have been emancipated, since you have been forced to participate." Harry giggled. "Oh yeah. Participate. I think I like that word. I had a thought float across my mind while I was standing in that room yesterday. All I have to do is to participate, which means I can do the absolute MINIMUM possible. There is nothing in the rules that says I have to win at all costs, right?" "That's correct, Mr Harry." "Good. As for the not attending classes, I want to review my third year, change my electives, complete all my 4th year and do as much of the 5th year as possible. If I could possibly sit my OWLS by the end of this school year, that would be great too. As soon as I have my OWLS, then I can legally leave Hogwarts and Britain." "Sounds good, Mr Harry. If I can ask, where would you go?" "Australia. I do have a plan, but those can stay in my head for now. Do you know if Neville is having any trouble in Gryffindor Tower?" "Other than being ignored, no, he's doing OK. He is lonely though. You are really the only friend he has." "Then perhaps once he is in bed behind his curtains tonight, you might want to pop him here so we can have a chat. " "Will do, Mr Harry." "Now, what other reactions are there to my being chosen for this silly tournament?" "Hufflepuff house is upset, because Hogwarts now has two champions, and you are taking attention away from Mr Diggory. The other two schools are not happy, but since the deal is done, there is not much else they can do. Your former friends, Miss Grangy and Mr Weasel, are snapping and snarling at everyone in Gryffindor House because they cannot find you. They are also disparaging you, pretty much every time they open their mouths. The blondie in the Snakes house is also disparaging you a lot, with pretty much every breath he takes as well." "So everything is normal." Harry grinned. "Thanks Dobby. Now. Could you please rustle up some food for me to eat. I'm kind of hungry. Oh and if you can rescue my trunk from my dormitory and bring it up here as well, since I will be living here now. Please sure my invisibility cloak and the marauders map are both in the trunk as well. If you have to take them back from the Weasel then please do so. He goes through my trunk on a regular basis. Thanks." "Yes, Mr Harry." Dobby disappeared to prepare some lunch, and then rescue Harry's trunk and belongings. As it turned out, Ron Weasley was rifling through Harrys trunk in the dormitory at the precise moment that an invisible house elf removed it. Dobby also had to rescue the map and cloak from the weasels belongings as well. "Oi! What happened? Who took my trunk?" "YOUR trunk, Weasley?" scoffed Neville Longbottom. "That was not your trunk. That was Harrys trunk." "Shut your mouth, Squib." The ginger weasel glared at the squib before stomping out of the dormitory to tell his best friend Hermione, that Harrys trunk had disappeared. Hermione promptly dragged Ronald to see