This is yet another oneshot that my friend Kassidy and I wrote together. Obviously, we don't own any of Rick's stuff. Check her out as FleetingHermesFeet. She doesn't have any stories, but you can favorite her, just for kicks and giggles. Hope y'all like it! Sorry if the end is rushed. You'll understand, though. :) oOo TARTARUS Her skin was clammy and white—caked with dirt and blood—and gory slashes covered her arms and torso and face. Slick, starved blood dripped on the cave floor as Percy carried Annabeth through the darkness. Everything seemed to be speaking to him, murmuring words of sleep and oblivion from the far corners of the seemingly endless chasm. It was a miracle Percy hadn't passed out himself; they were traveling through the Cave of Hypnos. Somewhere far ahead, the River Lethe ran, bubbling, humming with the fuel of forgotten memories. Percy wasn't entirely sure how they'd gotten there (or that they were there at all), but the faint presence of Hypnos did Annabeth mercy. For days, Percy had been watching her go crazy. First it was little things: talking to herself, refusing to sleep unless Percy was holding very tightly onto her. Then it got worse. She started screaming at things that weren't there, running from the invisible monsters (leaving Percy with no option other than to chase her down), trying to claw her way through stone walls until her fingernails were broken and bleeding. Percy did all he could to help, but nothing was working. Without his fighting partner, attacks were weakly defended against. They couldn't have survived for much longer. After they closed the Doors of Death, Annabeth hit rock bottom. They were still in Tartarus, and she began hurting herself: smashing her head on the walls, scratching and clawing at her own skin, ripping her hair out, trying to stab herself. It was a strange blessing to stumble into the Cave of Hypnos. The atmosphere had mysteriously knocked her out cold. Even Percy had a hard time staying awake, but he had to trudge on, so he did. He remembered Nico talking about the Cave of Hypnos once...and how even getting near the cave caused your eyelids to get heavy and your body to become exhausted. The problem with taking a nap on the nice cold cave floor is that once you fall asleep, there isn't any waking up. It sounded like there were millions of voices, murmuring for Percy to sleep, to feel the embrace of never ending rest. He wanted to do anything to stop his and Annabeth's pain...but something inside him just couldn't. He had to get her to safety. "You dare threaten my sleep, little demigod? Not many are brave enough to willing dwell where I sleep...What do you want?" A single, annoyed voice drifted from somewhere ahead of Percy. It sounded as though it came from someone who'd just woken up from a long nap. He couldn't help but think of fat old Gabe taking up the couch and snoozing like a beached whale...pleasant memories. "Who…?" Percy coughed, blood spattering his lips. His throat burned like fire, as did every other part of him. "Surely you must know. This area IS named after me, Percy. I am Hypnos, god of sleep and dreams. Not that many people acknowledge me, no. Any demigod or human who gets a dream these days and they think Apollo is sending them another prophecy...No one ever thinks of the God of dreams. I always get taken advantage of." That was really no time for joking around. Percy gently lowered Annabeth to the cold cave ground and knelt, partially out of fatigue, partially automatic respect for the god. "Lord Hypnos," he rasped. It was getting harder for Percy to talk...even breathing was becoming difficult for him. "Can you help us? Where are we?" "You, Percy Jackson, are in the Cave of Hypnos—my cave, go figure. It's my place of slumber. This cave has no doors or windows, so no one comes and wakes me, but sometimes people wander in, and immediately fall into a deep, penetrating sleep." His voice had taken on an air of false importance, like he was mimicking the other gods for their usage of vocabulary. "Then…how come I'm awake?" "You only sleep if I want you to," Hypnos' omniscient voice heaved a great sigh, as if Percy's question was something he expected a thoughtless mortal to say . "I know your quest, Perseus Jackson. Thanatos told me you'd probably be coming in...if you weren't already dead." "...Thanatos? What...?" "Yes, Thanatos. Death, Mr. Reaper...He's my brother. An annoying one at that. Everyone always respects him, but no one appreciates me as much as they should...What's so cool about death anyway? It's just a copycat version of sleep." Silence for a minute. "Anyways, I've seen you've been having some trouble." Swallowing fearful tears, Percy put one of his hands on Annabeth's cold forehead. "Please. Annabeth and I closed the Doors of Death, but we don't…I don't know what to do now. She went crazy and I…I…" His voice broke and he began to shake. " Come forward, Percy." The voice grew less bitter and joking, more serious. Percy, with trembling, numb legs, picked Annabeth up again and walked. His feet were heavy and ached, but he continued until something blocked his path. A river. The air around the River Lethe was frosty and thin. The water had a cloudy appearance to it. Percy's brain felt foggy just looking at it. Now that they were closer, the humming was much louder and sounded more human. It was like a lullaby, but not quite as peaceful and nice. "How much do you know about the River Lethe, Mr. Jackson?" Hypnos' voice sounded right in front of them, but he was still not in sight. Percy had the sense that he wasn't actually awake and talking to them; it was just his spirit, while his physical form still slept on deeper in the cave. Percy knelt, holding Annabeth's bloody form on his lap protectively. "I-I don't know… If you drink from its waters you…you forget everything, or something. That's what you're supposed to do when you die. But...but sir, we're not dead." Suddenly, a ghostly, humanoid form drifted from the river, took a seat next to Percy and Annabeth, and yawned. The form was transparent, but still visible. He could see bedhead white-blonde hair on the spirit's head and a scruffy goatee on his chin. It was hard to make out any other features than that. His eyes couldn't even be seen under the sleepy droop of his eyelids. "I have an offer for you, hero," the spirit of Hypnos said tiredly, " I can help young Ms. Chase but I have to caution you, the price for salvation is steep." "You can help Annabeth...?" Percy looked down at her—his best friend, his girlfriend, his whole world. He could still feel her hand gripping his, the fear in her eyes. "Sir...why are you helping me...?" Hypnos slowly turned his head towards Percy, his eyes glowing a gentle gold. "I am not dumb, Perseus Jackson. I know without you and the girl, the world will have no chance against Gaia..." He rubbed his eyes with a bitter laugh, " If Gaia were to take hold of our world once again. Everybody would die. No one would dream...I would fade out of existence. Even my brother Thanatos would think that future as dreadful." Percy wouldn't deny that Gaia would slaughter every human and demigod. It was on Gaia's evil list of dastardly things to do after she took over the world, no doubt. " If she drinks from Lethe...she wouldn't remember Tartarus? Any of it?" Hypnos yawned loudly and rubbed his ghostly eyes. " Mm-Hm. Good as new. Sort of. A drop of water from the Lethe can wipe the memory of the events in Tartarus completely out of her mind. Or you could feed her the whole river, it's your choice. All that is certain the price that you will have to pay to drink from my River." "… She's all I have down here, Lord Hypnos. I have nothing to offer you." Hypnos just yawned and stretched his arms above his head, gesturing to Percy's pocket with a lazy arm. " Nyaaawn...I think not, Jackson." Just then, something in the pocket of Percy's tattered, dirty jeans began growing hot, enough to make him yelp out in pain. He dug it out hastily and let it fall to the ground. Riptide. That sword was the reason that the second Titan war was won. It was what gave him the strength to fight as many battles as he has. Without it, he was nothing. He was defenseless. Percy bowed his head and touched Annabeth's bloody cheek tenderly. If Percy didn't do this...he'd lose Annabeth forever. She would never forget what happened in Tartarus...she would be like this for the rest of her life. Percy would lose her for good, and if he lost her... He knew that deep down that she would do the same if faced with a situation like this. He'd rather be defenseless and vulnerable than make it out knowing he could of gave up his power to save Annabeth but didn't. He got the hint... In order to save Annabeth, he'd have to give up their only line of defense. Reaching over Annabeth, he grabbed Riptide and turned it in his fingers, knowing that this would be the last time he would feel his mentor's gift in his hands. For years he fought with this sword, but right then it looked like an ordinary pen. Not his to use anymore. " If…If you can help Annabeth, then I'll do anything. Take it, take Riptide. Take anything you want as long you'll help her." Hypnos picked the pen up lazily and studied Riptide like it was a boring pen you could pick up anywhere at your friendly Wal-Mart store. With a shrug, he snapped his ghostly white fingers and it vanished, replaced by a single shimmering drop of water on the god's fingertip. Hypnos turned his wrist above Annabeth's head slowly, watching the droplet turn in his finger and slide. The droplet dropped for what seemed to be like forever into Annabeth's partially-open mouth. The whispers and murmurs became stronger in Percy's mind...the corners of his eyes fading into black. Immediately he felt tired, so tired that he was afraid if he slept then he'd never wake up. "Sleep well, heroes. The fate of humankind rests on your shoulders." Percy didn't have the strength to fight the slumber overcoming him; he didn't even have enough energy to care. He slowly slumped over Annabeth and wrapped his arms around her body. With that, drowsiness took over and everything faded into black. Argo II "It should be right over there." Nico leaned over the Argo's side and pointed towards an array of jagged, golden-brown cliffs. "The cave entrance should be right around this bend. This is the most likely place they could be." That wasn't the entire truth, exactly... "That's what you said at the museum basement." Leo glared at the Hades-born child with a look of annoyance, perching his elbow on the railing of Argo to hold his head. They'd been searching for days. After they closed the Doors of Death-and seeing that Percy and Annabeth couldn't leave Tartarus after that-they'd spent every waking second searching for them. Nico had a list of ideas in his mind where they could have popped out, if they were even out at all. The last place was a cave in the side of Limnos Island in Greece, where a supposed entrance to Hypnos' sacred cave was. There were rumors that Hypnos occasionally directed people that had wandered into his cave out that way, but only the god of sleep himself would be able to open the door. It was unlikely that the god would let Percy and