So here we are, at the start of story number 50 ... can you believe it? We want to thank all of our loyal followers for your excitement in our new story starting. The group on Facebook has been anticipating this story's arrival for a while. Feel free to join us on Facebook, at TeamAllTwilight & AndTAT Fan Fiction. As always we need to send a HUGE shout out to the great group of girls who keep us readable: AWayWithWords, EdwardsFirstKiss, and LaPumkle, thank you so much for all you three amazing ladies do. All things Twilight belong to Ms. Meyer, no copyright infringement is intended. Also please not that Six Flags Great America in Illinois does not have the Safari Adventure, but in this story it does. The story line of this fiction belongs to WeeKittyAndTAT, and any use or reproduction without permission is allowed. All other things, such as songs, movies, restaurants, foods, companies, etc. solely belong to the owner of those companies or people and no infringement is intended in our use. Update schedule will be Mondays. Without further ado, here is the start and we'll see you at the end. Parallel Parenting Chapter: 1 EPOV "Watch the Volturi Market, I have a feeling that it's going to take a jump, and then quickly decline. It will come back up and surpass where it's at now; just hold out for it to go back up. Don't jump the gun or panic," I order Jasper without looking at him. "You also have to meet with Marcus early next week. Make sure you don't say anything to Marcus about Aro, or our dealings with him." My eyes rise to see Jasper rolling his eyes at me, but he seems to be writing down everything I have said. "Tanya, I want you to keep a personal eye on Angela while I am out of the office." Tanya, who seems to be holding a chuckle, nods at me, when she sees that I am looking at her, she straightens her face. As I start to speak again, Tanya holds up her hand. "Sir, with all due respect, Jasper has done this before; he has worked for you for thirteen years. As for me, I know the protocol for running your office when you are not here … I can do it even when you are here. As for Angela, things will be dealt with accordingly. Now it's almost four, get your briefcase, and go pick up Cordie and be gone. I don't want to see you back in this office until next Wednesday." My eyes seem to flash between her and Jasper. I know she's right in what she said. Jasper has been my friend all of my life; he is even married to my little sister. He started to work for me when I wanted to branch out from my family business, and try my hand at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Thankfully, it turned out that I am just as good at trading commodities as I am at working as the CEO of my family business. Tanya—she has been my personal assistant and secretary for sixteen years. She was the one that helped turn me from a cocky young twenty-year-old, who wanted respect without earning it, into the now thirty-six-year-old, well-respected businessman I am today. Tanya stands up with her arms open. "Now come and give me some lovin' and then go." I laugh shaking my head. Tanya is a lovely woman, and completely irreplaceable. She stands about five-feet-ten, and is rather slender. Her golden hair is down to the middle of her back, and she has soft delicate features. In no way does she appear to be the sixty-year-old that she is. I wrap my arms around her; she is very much a second mother to me. "Take care of Jasper, too; make sure Alice doesn't drive him completely nuts in my absence." Tanya chuckles. "I will try, but be warned, I told him to slip her some sleeping pills." My eyes flash to Jasper who just glares at me, but he knows I am right. Being her brother, I grew up with Alice and love her dearly, but she is trying even to a person who has the best of patience. She's always been a small girl, standing only five-feet tall, but she has ADHD which at times, makes her seem ten-feet tall. It is like she only has a 'go' setting; there is no 'pause' or 'off'. She just opened her own beauty shop two weeks ago, and we can see that the more she works, the more her ADHD tics come out. There is a high chance the four days I will be away, she will be awake and on the go most of the time. We all know this is not something Alice can control; it sadly controls her. Over the years she has started to take actions, before things get too bad, but sometimes it seems to be something that just needs to break out of her. "She's fine; she'll be fine. Dad said he'll have Caius check her over if she gets more hyper," Jasper tells me, and I nod at him. He is a very good friend, and a great husband to Alice. He is calm and laid back; he is the Yin to her Yang. They are exact opposites in most things. She is hyper and always on the go, while he is cool, calm, and collected. She's a tiny thing, and he towers over her by more than a foot in height. Best of all, no matter how neurotic Alice is or can be, he seems to have the power to calm her down with merely a touch. It sometimes seems as if he is the one who holds the power to her missing off switch. "See you on Wednesday," I smile walking out the office without looking back. I head to the company daycare center which is open to all of the staff during school holidays, and for younger children that aren't old enough for school. As I walk through the room, my eyes scan the area seeing Cordie sitting quietly by herself playing. Like normal, she chooses to play alone, and I let out a sigh as I walk to her. "Cordie?" I say as I bend down. She turns to face me and her whole face lights up with her smile. "What did you do today?" I ask. She shrugs her shoulders. "Just played," she says in her sweet voice. I nod at her and look around seeing there are several paintings hanging up to dry. "Did you paint today?" I ask with a smile, but she shakes her head. "No, I didn't want to ruin my clothes." I hold back my sigh, and force a smile on my face. Cordie has always been unwilling to get dirty. I'm not sure if it's because of the kind of clothes she wears, or she just doesn't like to. There is also the fact she is a rather shy girl and I worry that she will never try to make friends. "Are you ready to go home?" She smiles placing the doll she was playing with back where it belongs. She may have social issues with being shy, but she has always been a rather clean and tidy child. Her hand slips into mine, and we walk to the main desk. After signing her out, Kate takes off the security tag that each child wears when they are here. If a child is taken out of the daycare with the security tag still on, the elevators stop running immediately, and the stairwell doors lock. Once those doors lock and the elevators shut down, only security can open or restart them. "See you later, princess," Kate whispers as she kisses Cordie's cheek. Cordie gives Kate a smile, but hugs closer to my side. "Thank you, Kate. Just a reminder, Cordie will not return until Wednesday; we are going on a short vacation." "Yes, I have that down in the books. I hope you guys have a great time. Cordie, you will really enjoy Six Flags; it's so much fun," Kate says enthusiastically. Kate is the manager of the daycare, and treats all of the children as if they are her own. She knows Cordie is shy, and never pushes her to feel uncomfortable. It was after talking to her, that I decided to get season passes and take Cordie to the amusement park. Kate thinks seeing me have fun there, may help her open up a little further. Since school starts soon, I want her to try breaking out of her shell a little more. We leave the daycare and take the elevator down to the ground floor. When the doors open, I scan my card and wave at Garrett. Garrett is Kate's husband, and is the head of security for the building. Between the required scan to enter or leave the building as well as the tags the children wear upstairs, I never worry about Cordie's safety. Cordie and I walk out of the office building hand-in-hand. Cordie isn't my biological daughter. I adopted her six years and two months ago when she was only four months old. It was the year before when my sister had her son, Colton, that I had a strong urge to be a father. There was no special woman in my life, and I hadn't had a long-term girlfriend in many years. I tried to think of ways that I could be a father. I even thought about asking a woman to have a baby for me, but that seemed wrong on so many levels. Tanya suggested that I adopt. She told me that she had been adopted, and knew I could give a child a happy and loving life. I started to regret it, after starting the process. I thought after a while there was no way I would be granted a child. After all, I was turning thirty and single; there had to be hundreds of couples on the list before me. On the first day of March six years ago, I was told about a young woman who had had a baby. She was addicted to drugs, and had given up the rights to her child. They went on to tell me that the baby was only two weeks old, having been born premature. The baby was small, and had issues as it was addicted to heroin. The counselor from the agency called to ask if I would consider taking on a child with these issues. The funding for the child was running low, and it seemed no one wanted her due to her medical issues. I immediately agreed to start the process to adopt her. In hopes that it would help my case, I took over all of her medical costs, and made sure a specialist was in charge of her care. I still didn't think anything would come of it, but on my thirtieth birthday, the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services placed her in my care. The day that the counselor brought the baby to my home and placed the small bundle in my arms, my heart melted. I never believed it when people said they fell in love at first sight, but that day changed my mind. It took me almost three days to name her. I finally chose Cordelia Faith Cullen. Of course, Alice complained right away that it was too long, so she quickly decided we should all call her Cordie for short. Even with DCFS placing her with me, and the courts allowing me to adopt her, I've always had the fear that someone will try and take her away from me. To this day, I still worry that one day her mother will come back and take her from me. I guess when you adopt a child there is a piece