Hello readers, this is our companion story to go with the Christmas tale: Momma Santa's Christmas Plan. We hope that you enjoy this short story, not sure on the number of chapters and they will post as they are ready, but it will be done soon. As always all things Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer, no copyright infringement is intended in our use of her characters names and some likenesses. HUGE thanks to the great group of gals that help to keep us readable: AWayWithWords, Jess2002 and LaPumuckl. Any mistakes above and beyond what they found belong to WeeKittyAndTAT, much like this storyline. No One Bets Against Momma EPOV I was rather unsure about moving back home. Not much says less about a man who moves back home after a failure like the deterioration of a marriage. The marriage tore me apart, changed and altered me forever. It was a marriage filled with lies and deceit, and fueled by greed. A marriage that was ending in a way that was far from the beliefs of which I was raised. Instead of ending in a declaration of nullity, it ended in suicide. Between the transgressions and immoralities, the marriage no longer was recognized in the eyes of the Catholic Church. Now that I am home though, I know it was the right choice for me. A few weeks ago my mom and dad joined me for dinner. My mom talked about her new friend and her family. I was saddened to learn she was a fairly young widow with three young kids. My mom had sneakily moved from talking of her friend, straight into asking me to play Santa. As she talked away, I saw a twinkle in her eye. I can always tell when she is up to something, but I know she only works for the good. I knew there was a master plan behind her eyes, but I had to wait it out to see what it was. The next day I called Dad to find out what he knew. Even being on the phone with him, I could tell he was grinning as he brushed me off. It must be big if Dad knows, but he was not giving up any information. Even though I was curious to her bigger plan, I bit the bullet, sort of, and went with it. I was enjoying my time playing Santa with the kids. I've always loved children, so this was one of the most perfect things for me to do. I notice a small family off on their own, so I moved over to them to chat a while. I frown slightly when the kids all move closer to their mom; they seem very shy. I introduce myself as Santa, but only to the mom, so not to scare the kids. When her small hand takes mine, I feel a zap. I know by the look on her face she felt it, too, because she gets a flash of color and apologizes. As soon as I hear her sweet voice, I can't help but hope this is my mother's friend. In truth, I feel this woman is too young to be a widow, but I know she isn't wearing a symbol of being married. Yeah, I couldn't help myself, even in the community center for the parish – I'm looking for a ring on her finger. I sit down in-between the boys who start talking my ears off. I hear how they want me to bring them the new leap pads like their friend at school has. They tell me how they love to build things, and how they like to read like their mom. They tell me how much their sister likes her dollies, and how she wants a stroller to push them around in. We end up spending about half an hour just the five of us talking. Of course, after all the other children eat, I have their attention, too. We play a few songs and they sing for me. I pass out a few small treats and a book to each of the children. By the time it is for me to leave, I've gained the trust of Bethany, Bryan and Bryce. I was working hard on their mom whose walls are standing strong, but she never let her apprehension show to her children. I was waving to say goodbye to all the children, when some boy laughed and yelled out at me. When I asked what was so funny, he informed me I was standing under the mistletoe with Miss Swan, and therefore, we had to kiss. I looked at Bella giving her a wink before placing my lips on hers. It was precisely that very second I knew I had to win this woman's heart. I pull back to see that her eyes seem to be dancing. I give the kids a weak goodbye, before clearing my throat to give them a good Santa send off. The rest of my night and the next few days find me with my thoughts on Bella Swan and her children. On my first real day off, I call my mom and ask if Bella and her kids are indeed the family who was joining our family on Christmas Day. When she admits they are, I ask her to come with me to get some presents for them. During our shopping trip, I ask more questions about Bella, her children and late husband. I'm very hurt to hear how he treated her before his death. When Mom told me about the guilt that Bella feels, I understood, it's something I know personally – all too well. When I drop Mom off at home, I ask her how she feels about my asking Bella on a date. Right away her eyes dance with joy, and I know this was her plan in the first place. I keep my game face on allowing her to feel she got one over me. There's just something about my mom smiling when one of her plans comes together, and I didn't want to take that away. Besides, one thing about Esme Cullen a person should know is, no one bets against Momma . Christmas morning arrives and I feel giddy because I'm going to see Bella and her children again. When we arrive at her home, I'm pleased that she seems to live in a nice area. Her home looks good enough, but I can see there are a few things that need some updates and repairs. I jump out of the car when Bethany comes out of the house without her siblings, her mom or mine. I fold the seat forward and help her get settled into the booster seat I helped Dad install this morning. There are two identical car seats for the twins: one on each side of hers. Once her shoulder strap is across and her belt is buckled, I give her a smile. "Merry Christmas; how are you this morning, Bethany?" I ask with a smile. "I'm fine, thank you," she replies with impeccable manners. "Merry Christmas," she follows and I give her another grin. "They're looking for Bryan's shoes and Bryce can't get his jacket zipped." My father and I chuckle and nod just as they all walk out the door. I help to get everyone in, and buckled up. Once we're all set, my father starts to drive. I ask the kids what they had got for Christmas, and listen to their excited voices explain. I then ask Bella, who seemed to only get things that were handmade, but the smile on her face tells me she's just like me and loved those gifts the best. When we arrive at church, we're a little late and had to split up. I got to sit next to Bella, which I was okay with. I was even happier that Bethany seemed happy to sit with her mother and me. I gave her a big smile when she said she needed a break from her brothers. I even let out a small chuckle when she tells Bella that maybe they shouldn't get any more chocolate. Bella hums and nods as if in thought, but I see the twinkle in her eyes. I have to bite my cheek when she explains that, if the boys don't get any more chocolate today, then she won't get any either. Bethany quickly changes her mind and the Christmas morning service starts. When we get to my parents' home, I move off to the kitchen to start on dinner. This year, oddly, my mother wanted to me to cook for her as a gift. She said it would be the best gift I could ever give her. It was just before entering the kitchen when Bella asked my mom what she needed her to do. I had to hold back a chuckle when Mom promptly tells her I'm making dinner today and she'd need to ask me. I mouth a thank you to my mom, and grin loving my mom's sneakiness. Bella and I fall into a flirty, joking conversation as we set about making the food. The whole time my brain's trying to come up with a way to kiss her again. When she stands under the mistletoe, I leap at the chance. Again, we share what is a soft but quickly heated kiss. When I pull back, all Bella can do is stare until recognition flashes in her eyes. "You were Santa," she gasps lightly. I tilt my head and agree finding it odd that she didn't know this. When she bolts out of the kitchen, I feel my heart drop with worry that I've done something wrong. I follow to find her with my mom. Bella gives me a smile as she says she needs to talk to my mom, and my eyes move to my mom who winks at me. They're only gone a few minutes when I move to find them again. When I do, they're hitting each other with pillows, but the smiles on their faces tells me this is playful not serious. We spend some time singing and dancing around the piano. Between my father and me, we play as everyone selects a song to sing. I even got to kiss Bella again; you have to love my mom and her abundance of hanging mistletoe. We all sit having dinner and there's something that feels so familiar about this. I just know instantly this is the life and the family I was meant to have. "Bella, can I have a word?" I ask sheepishly. She looks at me and then to my parents and the kids who are all walking off to the sitting room. "Sure?" "Sit, please," I implore pulling her to one of the seats. "I sort of bought your kids some gifts for Christmas," I say biting my lip. "Tis' the season," Bella laughs shaking her head. "Okay, but I want you to hear what I got; so here it goes. I got Bethany an American Girl – Bitty Baby deluxe set along with a set of doll furniture. A train set for Bryan and Lego Farm set for Bryce. I also got each of the boys a Leap Frog Ultra Tablet. These are the things they said they wanted when I was dressed as Santa." I feel guiltier when Bella starts to have tears running down her face. "I'm really sorry if I over stepped my boundaries. I mean ... I could take them—" Bella shakes her head and covers my mouth stopping my words. "Your family is really something special, and I knew that the kids would be spoiled rotten by your parents already. I try to save up just—" I stroke her cheek as she stops talking and takes a deep breath. "I'm happy the children are getting what they wanted most. It doesn't matter where it came from, so