Summary: He's a coldhearted businessman who's set in his ways. He wants perfection, but doesn't see it from anyone, ever. What if he tastes the other life, will he go back and if he does will he change? AH/Rated M E-28/B-18 All normal disclaimers apply. Thank you, to Jess2002 and AWayWithWords for all of their hard work on this story—all mistakes are those of Nikky and Kasi. Where Heaven Leads I look at Tanya as she talks, never breaking eye contact as I drink my coffee. "We have the Masen Dinner on the fourth, the Masked Ball on the tenth and the Company Christmas Party on the twentieth." I frown at her, hating the idea of having to attend the Christmas party especially. "We don't have to stay long, twenty minutes tops. You have to show the riff raff that we've seen them, and thank them for their hard work. You know, feeding them tidbits socially, builds a good working relationship with them. Besides praising their hard work, makes them work harder for you." I roll my eyes at her words. They work hard, my ass! I work a hundred and thirty hours a week, most of them complain if they have to pull a forty-five-hour work week. "I am leaving on the cruise on the twenty first, are you sure you don't want to come?" I shake my head at her; she knows I hate vacations. "Remember to call Esme on the twenty fifth then." I frown; didn't I just call her on Mother's Day? She's not even my mother. "What's so special about the twenty fifth?" I ask. "The twenty fifth is Christmas day." I nod, not really caring one way or the other. "I'll get Kate to add it to my planner," I say once Tanya stops talking, and then I begin to eat my breakfast. When I'm done, I stand up, leaving my dishes where they are. "Oh, Edward, I think we should go with Carmen to plan the whole wedding thing for us; after all, she said she would need only a little input from either us. I've already given her your clothing measurements and told her on which dates our wedding cannot be held. She seemed to be confident that she'd be able to get it all worked out." I acknowledge her with a nod and walk out. I head toward my personal elevator to go downstairs to my office. I'm almost there when a strange noise catches my attention. I walk over to see a tattered, old dirty cloth laying there. "What the hell is this?" I say picking it up. "Mr. Cullen, Sir, I'm so very sorry, my brother's scarf must have dropped from my pocket. I am so sorry, Sir." I push whatever it was into the maid's waiting hands. "Please do not bring your junk into my home," I say harshly. I tap my foot waiting for the elevator. The maid thankfully gets her head on straight and gets back to what she's supposed to be doing. She presses the button for the doors to open for me, and quickly wipes the panel free of prints. As the door opens, I see her on her knees, wiping the floor free of the dirt and scum the rag she called a scarf left on my marble flooring. "If this," I point to the floor, "happens again, I will fire you," I say walking into the elevator. My eyes catch hers as the door closes and she looks close to tears. Good, employees should be afraid for their employer, it makes them work harder. This was the first rule of business that my father taught me to be successful. I am twenty-eight years old and have been with Tanya for eight of those years. We know each other and neither of us are really into the intimate side of our relationship. We have been together intimately, but only when one of us has an itch to scratch. Personally, I've never seen what the fuss is about with getting someone else's sweat all over you. I run a multimillion dollar business that deals with companies, banks, homes, cars, utilities ... well, it has its hand in just about everything there is to make money from. My main office building is in Los Angeles. It has eighty-eight floors and is the tallest building downtown. The top three floors make up what I call my home. My offices and business takes up the other eighty-five floors. Entering the eighty-fifth floor, I walk past Kate who is already sitting at her desk. "I need you to add this to my planner," I say handing her the list that Tanya left on the table for me to pass on to her. "By the way, put whichever maid that's working the main floor of my home on a written warning. Be sure that she knows that if she steps out of line again, she's fired." I walk into my office and start to work. I am only halfway through my workload when there is an incoming buzz on the intercom. I press the button to respond. "Yes, Kate?" I ask without taking my eyes off of my task at hand. "Mr. Cullen, I was just checking to see if you needed anything before I go today? If not, I'm heading out for the day." I glance at the intercom and see it is only six, but she has put in her required twelve-hour day. "Fine, I need nothing else from you right now. I'll see you tomorrow," I say going back to my work. I work for a few more hours before heading back upstairs. I heat my dinner and eat it in the kitchen alone. When I'm done, I leave my plate knowing the night staff will clean it and walk to my bedroom. "Goodnight, Edward," Tanya says sleepily as I pass her room. "Goodnight, Tanya," I reply as I head into my room. I get undressed, and place my clothes on the chair inside my dressing room to be collected and disposed of, or discarded appropriately. I put on my silk pajamas, brush my teeth, and set my alarm to go off in three hours. I climb onto my bed, cover up, close my eyes, and fall asleep. When my alarm goes off, I get up, leave my pajamas on the dressing chair where I left my clothes last night, and put on my workout clothing. I go to my personal fitness center inside the levels of my home and head for the treadmill. I run five miles and follow the workout routine my trainer set up for me. Energized and sweat running down my face, I wrap my towel around my neck and I head back to my dressing room. I leave my workout clothing where my silk pajamas were, before heading to the shower. I scrub myself clean, and then wrap a warm towel around me as I shave. I brush my teeth and return to the dressing room. I drop my towel on the back of the dressing chair and move about picking out my suit for the day. This is how I begin my day, which is exactly how all my days go. The alarm on my desk goes off, alerting me of a meeting. I look to my planner and see that I have a dinner meeting to attend. I collect my things, pick up my jacket and head down to the car. "Good evening, Sir." I nod at Eric. "Evening, Eric," I say as he opens my door allowing me into the backseat of my car. The drive does not take us long, and I make my way into the restaurant. "I have a reservation for a dinner meeting for Cullen and Volturi," I say to the host as I look to see where Aro is sitting. I see him at the far end of the restaurant. "This way, Sir." I move before the host is able to stand. "Good evening, Aro," I say arriving at the table. "Sir, here's your menu and your server will be right out now that you have arrived," the host says sounding out of breath. "You are aware that you are meant to allow the host to lead you to the table, young Edward?" I look at Aro and roll my eyes. Aro is a very carefree and happy person. I don't think I've ever seen him sad or angry, not even when one of his sons lost a billion dollars. Aro just shrugged it off and said something about not taking it with him? "Here are the plans—" Aro cuts me off by snatching my folder from my hands. "Edward, my boy, let's have dinner and chat a little, business can wait." I sigh and look at my watch. "What would you like to chat about?" I ask and he shakes his head at me. "How is the lovely Tanya?" I close my eyes. "She's fine; I am sure, lovely as she normally is." Aro nods at me with a strange look on his face. "I hear that the two of you are getting married?" I shrug at him and lean back in my chair. "Yes, that is the plan. I think Carmen somebody is handling the details, though." Aro just shakes his head and chuckles at me, but is interrupted by the server. "Good Evening gentlemen, I'm Rachel and I'll be your server for this evening." "I will have the steak, rare please," I say without looking to her. The rest of the table puts in their orders and Aro looks at me the whole time. "Are you happy?" Aro asks as he keeps staring at me. "What does my happiness have to do with our business meeting?" Aro tilts his head and continues to look at me. "Please, just humor an old man." I let out a sigh and close my eyes. I would very much like to walk out of here, but I know this joining of our companies will make my business loads of money and make my company grow even more. "I'm healthy and I keep myself that way through healthy eating and exercise. I have money, a home, a thriving business, which is the second biggest in the world, and a beautiful wife-to-be." Aro chuckles and takes a hold of my hand. "That's not what I asked, Edward. I asked if you were happy." I start to feel freaked out over the fact that he's touching me. I don't like to touch others or be touched. Aro's touch is strange—cold—almost if he's made from clay. "Ye ... yes," I say shakily. "Are you aware if we go ahead with not only the joint venture proposed and the construction, we'll be tearing down some homes and free community shelter places?" I look at him trying to figure where he is going with this. He really has me freaked out because he still has my hand. I can feel myself starting to panic. In that second I know what I have to do, switch it off. Another lesson my father taught me well was how to switch off my emotions. "One of the places is Where Heaven Leads. It's a community center that helps the local people looking after ill members of their family. They help all low income families, whether it is, physical, mental or emotional help." Aro stops talking and just looks at me again. "Yes, I'm aware of that. I am also aware that they rely on donations to run the place, and this year the donations were very low. I know that even without this joint venture and construction, they're likely to only last another month—two at most. Which means the place will be closing down with or without our joint venture. Their own bad planning and failure to raise funds is bringing them down." Aro tightens his grip on my hand. "We build walls