Would you believe that this is story number 49 for me and Nikky. This will be the only really long pre-story author note for the story. We want to thank all of our faithful followers; without you, we would've thrown in the towel a long time ago. Both Nikky and I also need to say a HUGE thank you to the awesome group of ladies who ALWAYS have our backs, and keep us readable. Jess2002: We haven't had much of your help on the last couple of stories as your life has been crazy busy. But, we will continue to send you chapters and listen when and if you have something to say. Helping us or not, you are our sister-in-arms and will always be a piece of our writing team. We love you so much, and really miss you a lot. EdwardsFirstKiss: What can we say to you other than thank you so much for all you do. We love that you question and push us to be completely correct on things we put in our stories. Thank you so much for all the hard work and love you put into each chapter you edit for us. You're amazing, and we are so grateful for your help. AWayWithWords: There is nothing we can say that could ever convey how much we love you, and appreciate all you do for us. You have stuck with us for a very long time, and we know working without you just would not be the same. Real life throws twists on us all, and yet you have fought tough fights in your life, and were still here for us. We could never show you how much we care, no matter how much we try. LaPumckl: You've been a faithful reader of ours for a long time. I finally broke down and asked you to join our team. That was the best decision I've made. You have helped us so much, and we are so incredibly excited to have your help on yet another story. Thank you for all you do—you are just awesome! Shelley: What can I say to one of our biggest fans, other than we are so grateful for your help; but more than that, we are blown away by your love of our stories. Thank you for all you do, and for always making both Nikky and I smile with your comments and story love. Susan: Thanks for your help, even when your own life is going through tough times; you've been there to help us and we appreciate it. AND for this story, we have added one more person to the team ... a special thank you goes out to the wonderful deafsmartgirl90: We brought you on the team to be sure we kept the storyline as correct as possible for the hearing impaired. We hope by the end of this story, that people will find a new found appreciation for the life led by those who have hearing impairments. Thank you for everything. We are forever in your debt. XOXOXO to our wonderful Beta team; they are the freaking BOMB! We also need to recognize and thank the amazing Clo, for the kickass, book cover, banner she made for this story. Please check out her stuff; she is amazing. Her banners and manip work are something truly special. You can find her on Facebook under the name: HeartForTwilight Productions. As always all things Twilight Related are the sole ownership of Stephenie Meyer, and no copyright infringement is intended with our use of her characters names, descriptions, personalities, or common known word usage. All things within this story, such as the storyline is the ownership of WeeKittyAndTAT. We have had a lot of people asking us about Charlie's Voice, and we had intended to post to it for the past almost two years. We are sorry there has been a delay in doing this. We have a piece started for it, and it will post this winter for our holiday story. There is a huge chunk already done, and more to add. There will be a decent resolution for the story coming soon. For a couple of years now, we have talked about finishing an original fiction story to publish. Our intent is to do this, and we are working on it. We truly hope to have something out there on the market to offer our readers very soon. We do not have a set posting schedule for this short story, but we agree it will almost certainly be completely posted by the end of May. This was started as a contest piece for the Biggest Dick Contest, but quickly grew out of proportions ... *insert evil chuckle for the play on words*. Since it was already over 34K word count, we decided it needed to just be a WIP. There are 8 chapters total right now, 5 are almost completed, 3 are completed. We have around 2 to write yet. Not a huge story, but the feedback thus far has been amazing, and we can't wait to hear your thoughts. So without further ado ... happy reading. SIS Chapter 1 Bella POV I look at the door to the Bellagio, Las Vegas, as the cab driver takes my suitcase out of the trunk. "Are you sure you're at the right hotel, ma'am?" he asks. I raise my eyebrow at him and give him the rundown with my eyes. "Bride's choice," I reply taking my old suitcase and throwing my backpack over my shoulder. "Congratulations. I am sure you two will be happy," the cab driver snorts. I close my eyes taking a deep breath, choosing to ignore the cab driver and his raunchy out-of-line behavior. I turn, letting out the breath of apprehension before walking inside the hotel. My dearest friend is getting married, and we've come to Vegas for two nights for her bachelorette party. The rest arrived here yesterday, but I was teaching the first aid training at the fire station, so I would only be here for the night, tomorrow morning, and afternoon. I'm honestly just happy that it only took a short, two and half hour plane ride to get here because the extra noises gave me a headache. I check in and get my room key before a bellboy approaches me. "Would you like for me to take your bag, ma'am?" he asks. "No, thanks," I say handing him a few bucks, along with a smile. "The elevator is this way, ma'am." He carries on directing me with his hand. "Where are the stairs?" I ask. He frowns as he looks at me. "Ma'am, you're on the seventh floor?" He questions me. "I know I am, but I hate small confined spaces. The last time I was on an elevator, I was not just sick, but had a nosebleed, too." I tell him with a nod. "It looked like something from a horror film," I continue as he just looks at me with an open mouth. "The second door on the left is the stairs," he whispers to me, and I give him a salute before walking away. I stomp my way up the fourteen flights of stairs, heading to my room. After a quick shower, I get dressed in combat pants and a green t-shirt, with my Doc Marten boots. Looking at my watch, I see it's almost six o'clock, so I quickly make my way to Alice's room. I walk through the doors and slide off my shades, putting them on the top of my head as I scan the room for Alice. "Alice?" I say in my normal voice which seems to get lost in the twenty odd girls that are chirping away excitingly to each other. I place my thumb and middle finger in my mouth and whistle loudly making the room turn quiet as they all turn to me. "Where is Alice?" I ask. "In the bedroom with her mom," the second Kate is done telling me, and pointing in the direction where Alice is, the room erupts into chattering again. I walk to Alice's door, and knock on it before walking in. "Hey," I say smiling at her as we walk toward each other. "Thank, God, you're here" Alice says to the side of my head, sounding tired. My eyes float to the other person in Alice's room. Her/ mom. "Hi, Mrs. B.," I say looking at Tanya. "Isabella," she says back as she looks me up and down. "Jesus, Isabella, please tell me that's not what you are planning on wearing? You do know this is my daughter's bachelorette party, right?" She asks with a hint of worry. My mouth drops open and I cover my heart with my hand. "Hey, I like this outfit," I say making Tanya roll her eyes at me. "You look like you belong in the army. We're going to Ripped for the Bachelorette Party Special; you can't go in there like that! My goodness, they'll think you're a lesbian, not a girl wanting to see some sexy big dick." I look at Alice whose gone red and shaking her head. Ripped is an all-male review club. The local women just call it 'big dicks hangout,' but having read the itinerary that was emailed to me last night, I know this is a club that has traveling male review shows. They host many different groups of guys, which means they are always busy due to fresh meat weekly, according to Tanya. I also know that we will have the full VIP treatment since Tanya is a regular when she's in town. She comes here at least once a month, for a little get-away; she says they know her very well. "Mom, I said I didn't want anything with a stripper!" Alice states, with a light stomp. "There will not be a stripper; there will be at least ten or more of them. Alice, come on, sweetie, you know I know what is best when it comes to things like this. You're twenty-one and have only seen one cock. I mean by your age—" Alice cuts her mom off by covering her ears and screaming, "Argh," at her. For being mother and daughter, Tanya and Alice are polar opposites. Tanya is tall—five-foot-ten, long blonde hair, huge breasts, hourglass figure, and she is in-your-face blunt about sex and how much of it she has. Alice is five-foot-one, dark haired, slender and petite, has only has sex with one guy, and isn't the type of girl to share anything about it. Between Tanya trying to speak and Alice still shrieking as she covers her ears, I am getting a headache. To save myself, and maybe Alice's meltdown, I step between them. "God, does the Pixie owe me for this!" I think to myself. "Mrs. B., leave the bride-to-be alone, and I'll get changed into whatever you picked out for me. I'll also agree that I will be on my best behavior," I say, knowing she will leave Alice alone now. Tanya's eyes start to sparkle, but I hold my hand up to signal her to wait. "But," and believe me this is a big if, " you can't pick up any yummy man and bring him back here with you, or go to his place tonight. Tonight is about Alice, not adding to your conquest list," I say grinning largely at her. I hope this will work, because I know Alice is worried her mom will have too much fun , and it's why she said no stripper. As much as I think Tanya is a hoot, I am grateful she's not my mom. "Quick, someone call air control and tell them to warn the pilots there will be flying pigs!" Tanya smirks before turning to look through the pile of clothes she brought with her. She throws me a pair of leather pants and a corset top. "There you go," she grins evilly,