As always all things Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer, we are only borrowing her character names, some of their traits and some of the places they liked to live and go, no copyright infringement is intended and this story line belongs to WeeKittyAndTAT. Huge thanks to the ladies who keep us readable: AWayWithWords (the first three chapters), Jess2002 and LaPumuckl, any mistake found above and beyond their assistance belong to WeeKittyAndTAT. This short story is dedicated to a few of the great gals who hang out and post on our group page on Facebook (TeamAllTwilight & AndTAT Fan Fiction) who posted a awesome video of Luke Bryan singing and dancing with a cute little girl in concert. They wanted someone to fic it and well this is what we came up with. So special thanks goes out to: Kimberly, Deidre, Reena, Hazel, Kristen, Angela, Krisztina, and Emily for encouraging this story line. We also must thank the wonderful, talented and quite sexy Luke Bryan, for always putting on a great show and involving the children and fans in his audience. Singing With Lucy . . . Yawning, I hit the off button on my alarm, forcing myself to wake up. It's only seven in the morning, but I know I can't sit around. I have to be at work in an hour, with that thought I move to waking up my baby girl. It's hard to believe she's gonna be five soon. "Lucy, baby, time to get up for school," I say softly as I pull the covers off her. Moving to her dresser, I get out her school clothes and place them on the bottom of her bed. "Start to get ready to go to school," I say as she sits up. Making my way back to my own room, I start to get dressed too. The first thing I always need to do is to put on my bra—pulling it trying hard to squeeze my thirty-two Ds into a sports bra I wore when I was a thirty A. When I was a teen, I was as flat as a pancake, but after having Lucy and breast feeding her for almost a year, I developed these babies which I find both a blessing and a curse at times. I know I should buy myself some new bras, and stuff, but most of my funds go to the bills and keeping things nice for my baby girl. I move to the kitchen getting Lucy's breakfast made. "Lucy, come get your breakfast, we need to leave in fifteen minutes," I call down the hallway of our small two-bedroom apartment. "Coming, Mommy," my sweet girl answers. I hold back my chuckle as she comes swaggering in, swinging her hips, singing her current favorite new song by Edward Cullen. The toast pops and I turn to it putting it on a plate. She picks up the butter knife using it as a microphone first. " Someone else calling you baby," I sing along with her. We carry on singing and dancing as she butters her toast. We both get startled when the house phone rings. Lucy looks at me with a raised eyebrow, not that I blame her; no one ever calls the house phone, but I have it in case of emergencies. I glance at the ID showing a local Seattle number, I pick it up. "Hello," I get out sounding a little out of breath, with all the dancing I was just doing. " Good morning, is this Isabella Swan?" Great, another annoying telemarketing call. "Yes, this is," I say trying to not be overly upset that he interrupted our singalong with some stupid 'would you like to buy this' call, after all this is the man's job. " Great, Ms. Swan, this is Garrett, the morning manager at Q102.1 Quality Country Radio. I'm honored to inform you that you are the winner of the front-row tickets, with backstage passes, transportation to and from, and overnight accommodations, all meals and transportation included, in Los Angeles for two to see Edward Cullen next Thursday night." Okay not a telemarketing call. "What?" I stutter, not sure if I heard him right or did my mind go to dreamland again. " Ms. Swan, you won; your name was drawn in the contest you entered. We, here at Quality Country Radio, feel that you are Edward Cullen's biggest fan from Washington, and we're sending you on an all-expense-paid-trip to see Edward in concert in Los Angeles. Congratulations! We do need you to come down to the studio today or tomorrow to fill out all the necessary paperwork, and do a few second blurb to air on the radio. Can you come down yet today, or first thing tomorrow morning?" "Uh, yeah, uh, I can do that," I say as Lucy looks at me, with excitement in her eyes. " Okay, so will you be down today, or is tomorrow better for you. I'm here in the office from nine in the morning until four in the afternoon both days." "I can come down to the station today on my lunch break, at one, if that works, but I'll have to be back to work at two." " That will be just fine; it will only take about ten minutes here. Again, congratulations, and I'll see you today at one." "Yeah, thank you," I say still stunned by this whole situation. I was just a sweet thirteen-year-old when I first heard Edward Cullen's music. It took two years for me to become a huge fan of his. It's always been my dream since then to see him live in concert. Now, ten years down the line, he is still going strong, but I've never had the chance or the money for that matter to see him. Most people think he's really sexy, and sure he's easy on the eyes, but for me the thing I love about him is his voice, and of course his music. The sound of his voice and the words he sings has helped me get through many hard situations. "Mommy, are you in dreamland again?" Lucy giggles and I roll my eyes at her. "No, come on, it's time to get you off to school." "Who was it, Mommy; you're smiling a big smile?" Lucy asks as she puts on her shoes. "I'm not sure, but I'll tell you later, okay?" She nods, happy to know that I will tell her. The full morning at work I feel on edge, and drift off more than once into dreamland. I arrive at the station but seem to stand and just look at it. If this is a prank, I'm going to kill someone, but hell, wouldn't I need friends first to have someone pull a prank on me? I give myself a shake and walk in head held high to the woman filing her nails behind a desk. "Hi, I'm Isabella Swan; Garrett called me to meet him here today?" I say, but it comes out sounding more like a question. She looks me up and down and gives me a bored look. "Garrett, there's some chick here for you," the woman yells making me swallow holding back my chuckle at her behavior. "Rose, would it kill you to use the intercom?" an older man says while showing Rose the button. "I'm Rosalie Fucking Hale ..." I gasp ... Rosalie just happens to be my favorite radio, on-air shock jock. I love this woman and the way she doesn't mince words; she always says it like it is. Take no prisoners and that sort of thing. "Furthermore, I told you this is not a part of my contract," she carries on, as I'm brought out of my own thoughts. "I love you," I blurt out making her and the man turn to me. "Hi," the man says making me turn toward him. "I'm Isabella Swan," I say still shocked that I blurted out to Rosalie that I loved her. "Oh Rose, this is the girl who won the tickets to your brother's show." What! Rosalie is Edward Cullen's sister? "Brother?" I stutter as she looks me up and down. "Knew it," she says with a roll of her eyes. "Knew what?" I ask as the man pulls me away from her. "Sorry about her, she's ..." he says trailing off. To my surprise he just changes the subject. "Well, let's get this paperwork done." I give him a nod, I really don't have time to sit and gossip about the radio staff anyway. The paperwork is straight forward, and I only have to say, "Q102.1 Quality Country Radio," when they asked who was sending me to see Edward Cullen. Once I'm done, he hands me all the concert tickets, backstage passes, and the paperwork I will need to get my and Lucy's airline tickets. I hug Garrett to me before jumping back out of the studio excited. I can't believe my baby girl and me are going to not only see Edward Cullen singing live, but we get half an hour after the concert to talk to him, just the three of us. To top it all off, this all is on the same day as Lucy's birthday. She's going to love this. I know Garrett found it odd that I was taking my almost five-year-old daughter with me, but it's just been her and I since she was born. I was eighteen and a new graduate when my parents passed away. First it was my mom; she had early dementia at the age of sixty. I still feel that she would've been alive today if Santiago Valdez hadn't chosen my home to break into and rob. My mom had woken up and disturbed him mid robbery. Santiago knocked her down as he tried to get out of the house. In the fall, her hip was severely broken and required surgery. After that her health went down fast, and she passed away with my dad and me by her side. It had not even been a month later when my father passed away. I know deep down that he just missed my mom so much; after all, they were high school sweethearts from the age of twelve. They got married at the age of sixteen. I didn't come along until they both were forty-two. They spent forty-four years together; every night and day with each other. I can't even begin to understand how losing my mom hurt my dad, but I know it's what ultimately caused him to die. It was a few months after this that I met Jacob Black; he was so sweet, and lovely to me. Sadly, I believed every fucking lie that came out his mouth, including that he was a Marine in the armed services. Of course, all his lies didn't come out until he was in the wrong place at the wrong time and got killed. There I was, grieving and three months pregnant, at a church sobbing as HIS wife and children made their way inside. I managed to sit there, even came up with a half decent lie when I was asked who I was by Jacob's wife. I know some people would say I should've told her what a lying pig she had been married to, or that I was denying Lucy meeting her sisters, but I couldn't hurt her by telling her, so I just bit my tongue and left. Lucy arrived healthy, right on time, six months later. Ever since her birth, she and I have been like two peas in a pod. She looks more like me, than Jacob, but there's a little of him in her, too. I love her and I know she loves Edward Cullen as much as I do, so of course, she has to come with me. It's not like there's anyone I could or would bring besides her anyway. ~*SWL*~ The rest of