All things Twilight related belong to Stephenie Meyer, no copyright infringement is intended. Thank you to AWayWithWords, Savannavansmutsmut, and Jess2002. All mistakes are our own. ***FFN version is highly edited for content to not violate the tos, the unedited for content files may be read at TWCS and FICPAD.*** It Started With a Proposal "Hey, Eddy, my man," Emmett, my roommate, says as he slaps me on my back. The force that he uses pushes me forward a little and my coffee spills partially over my work. "There's a party tonight – you coming?" I pick up the papers quickly wiping them off, hoping all is not lost. "Eh… no… I've got loads of work to do." "Come on, man, one night is not going to kill you." I don't answer him, as I place the papers carefully over the old radiator to dry faster. "Come on, man, who knows, you may even get laid. Word on the street is that Mike has dumped Tanya, and she's upset over it. You could offer her a shoulder to cry on, and then make your move. You could dip your stick, and double click her mouse – either way you hit home base and she feels good." He wiggles his eyebrows as he grins. "That's disgusting, Emmett. Tanya and Mike dated for a good five years. Now, you want me to use the fact she found out that he slept around on her most of the time, to get laid?" Emmett looks unaffected by my words and just scratches his head. "Okay, I was never planning on asking you this, because it doesn't matter to me. I mean, you're my friend, and I was sure you weren't—not that there's a problem if you were—but man, in the seven years I have shared a room, and known you—you've never been with a girl." I roll my eyes at his stuttering and start working on my school work again. "I'm not a virgin, Emmett," I say tersely. Just because he flaunts his girl around, doesn't mean we all do. "Oh, well, that's good, man, but are you gay?" I drop my pen and just look at him. "What?!" I yell and he holds up his hands. "It's just… well, Mike thinks you're in the closet." I pinch the bridge of my nose and shake my head. "No! I am not gay." Emmett gives me a curt nod and walks away to his room. It's a few hours later when there's a knock on the door. "Emmett – door," I yell. It's always for him anyway. When the knock sounds again, I sigh, and move knowing Emmett must have left. When I open the door, I'm surprised to see Bella, my little sister's best friend, standing there. I frown at her as she talks, not getting any of it since she's sobbing so hard. I pull her into the apartment and to the couch to sit. It takes me well over an hour, before her sobbing calms enough for me to understand her. "They said I have to leave, that I can't stay," she sobs out as her shoulders go up and down. I frown at her, not following what she's talking about. "Alice?" I say questioningly. "You know what she's like, I'm sure whatever mood she's in, she will come back out of." Bella shakes her head at me. "No… the Government—well the Immigration and Naturalization Service—anyway." "What?" Bella wipes her eyes. "They said that my mom was not a US citizen, and since I came here as an infant, I'm not either." I swallow, unsure of what to say… what to do. "She only just died and now they're kicking me out of the only place I've ever known. What the hell am I going to do in England?" I softly place my hand on hers as she begins to sob again. "I don't want to leave," she cries and she places her head on my chest. She got both fists full of my sweater, holding it tightly as she sobs harder than before. Bella and Alice have been best friends from the age of eight. She's always been around, but I still don't know her that well. I was always, and still am, the loner of my large family. I don't make friends easily, and keeping them, I find even harder. My mom always said it was because I was special. Emmett, the only friend that I have been able to get and keep, says he agrees with my mom. I was special all right ... special needs. Bella's always just been there. I'm not even sure if we are friends or not. We haven't really spent a lot of time together, not with me being four years older than her. Even when she and Alice came to the same college, I still didn't get to know her. I was Bella's TA that first year, but we were never what I would call friendly or really close. Things started changing for Bella only a few months ago, when she graduated from college. Her mother, Renee, became quite ill. I found out from Alice that she had an aggressive cancer, and there was nothing they could do. Renee passed away a month ago in her sleep … now this? It's no wonder Bella's sobbing so hard. I rub my hand up and down her back. I look at the time seeing it's well into the early hours of the morning. I have a shift at the animal hospital in a few hours. I tilt my head and push Bella's hair out of the way. I see that her red puffy eyes are closed. I softly move a little at a time and lay her on the couch. I get a blanket to cover her up with, and get back to the work. Just before I head out in the early morning hours, I pick Bella up and place her in my bed. Beside her I leave a note, telling her I'm sorry and explaining if there's anything I can do to help, just ask. ~ISWAP~ I yawn as I open my front door, and try to wake up enough to get to my bed. I had to work the early shift at Starbucks, and then had a shift at the animal hospital. After the animal hospital, I had a night class, only to be called in to work the night shift at Starbucks, because Mike called in sick. I have now been awake for just over twenty-four hours, and been on my feet for all, but three hours of it. "Edward?" a soft voice says and I turn my head a little to the side. Looking down, I see Bella standing there, in her pajamas. Good thing she only lives next door . "Oh, hey, how are you?" I ask pushing my apartment door open. "I just wanted to thank you for sitting with me, and I'm sorry you had to see that." She chuckles oddly as she picks at peeling paint around the door frame. "It's okay," I say softly as I make my way into my apartment just needing my bed. "Edward," Bella says as she touches my arm. "Did you really mean it, that you would help me?" I nod at her, while yawning hugely. "I ask ... because there is away ... if you can do it ... well then, um, it means I can stay?" I nod at her as another yawn racks my body, and I fight exhaustion. "Yes, all you have to do is ask," I say once I'm able to talk. "Drive me?" I nod at her as I yawn again, trying to keep my focus on her and what she saying. "Really?" Bella says in a surprisingly loud excited voice. I'm not really sure why she's so happy that I am going to drive her somewhere. I wonder where she wants me to drive her to. "Yeah, sure," I say sleepily. Bella hugs me and gives me a big smile. "Should we sit and talk about what we should do now?" I yawn and nod at her, moving inside with Bella following me. I sit down on the couch as she tells me all about her plan. I rub my face as I wake up feeling sore. As I look around myself, I see that I'm in the living room still on the couch. I sit all the way up and rub my neck, before removing the sleep from my eyes. I can just about make out my glasses on the table in front of me. I grab my glasses and put them on trying to work out why I was sleeping on my couch and not in my bed. It slowly comes back to me that Bella was here. She asked if I would drive her someplace and if I would talk to them, too. I try to remember what else she said, but I keep coming up blank. I sigh and head out the front door, down the hallway, and knock on her door. Within a few seconds the door opens, and I see a weak smile on Bella's face. "Can I come in?" I ask tugging at my hair. "Yeah, sure," she says biting her lip as I follow her. "I take it you don't want to do it now that you've had time to think about it?" The sadness on her face hits me hard. Bella is a very beautiful girl, and this sadness just doesn't fit her natural beauty. "No, I said I'll do it and I will," I say and Bella's face lights up. I chuckle as she suddenly wraps her arms around my middle and hugs me to her. "Really? I mean, I felt really bad for asking you when you were so worn out." I pat her back, when she fails to let me go. I swallow as I try to think of a way to tell her I don't know where she wants me to drive her to. "Marrying someone is a big thing," she says and I feel my face drop, as Bella keeps talking, "and I know it means a lot to you. I swear, I wouldn't be with anyone else, no dating, nothing." Her eyes meet mine. "I mean, you can ... I mean, I wouldn't ..." she starts to stutter, I'm sure, because of the shocked look on my face. "Marry you?" I squeak out. "Yeah," she says slowly. "You asked me to marry you?" She nods at me and I can see she's now holding back tears. "Yes, if we get married, I can stay. We would need to be a married for few years, but ... did you not ... what were you saying yes to?" I swallow again, touched by how sad she looks. "I thought," I clear my throat, "I thought you asked me to drive you some place." I grimace as she bobs her head. "Bella, I'm not sure if ..." She waves me off, stopping my words. "It's fine, really, Edward. I'm sure I can come up with something else—if not, England isn't that far." I watch her close her eyes. Without meaning to, my hand goes to her face and she leans into my touch. "Why me? You have loads of male friends. Jacob would love to marry you." I was well aware of his lust for Bella. "Because, I don't feel that for him, and that wouldn't be fair of me to lead him on like that. Besides…" she stops talking and turns a little, looking right at me. "You're amazing, really amazing. You like the books I like, the music I like, we can talk, and neither of us are into partying, and going out, or being the center of attention. You're a thoughtful, kind, funny, smart man, and I trust you. Out of every male I know, I trust you the