Charlie's Voice By: WeeKittyAndTAT This was our contribution to the fandom 4 Autism. There was a great amount raised by a bunch of wonderful people in several different fandoms for this and we were proud and happy to help with this cause. Please if you have the ability, donate to one of the many different online or even local places in your area to help with Autism awareness. Warnings: This is fiction, so not all things do or can happen exactly as they do in this story. Disclaimer: All things Twilight based belong to Stephenie Meyer. The story line of this story, using her characters, belongs to WeeKittyAndTAT. No copyright infringement is intended. Beta and PreReaders: Jess2002 and LaPumuckl Banner by: Christag Banners (HUGE thanks for this awesome banner and use of the model (her son) in the banner.) Summary: Edward Cullen moves home after the mother of his son leaves them. Meeting Dr. Swan is a bit of a shock, because she's not who he was expecting. Edward learns from the new doctor and she enlists his help in starting an informational blog. Charlie's Voice and little Charlie himself bring these two closer than either of them bargained for. EPOV "Tanya, are you ready to go yet?" I ask walking into our bed room. I find her sitting at her vanity, looking in the mirror. "T," I say kneeling down beside her, worried by her demeanor. "I'm not feeling too good. Can't we just go next weekend?" "T, you've been saying this for months. We're going this weekend, it's already arranged. Don't you want to see Alice?" "I do. Why don't we leave Charlie with Ms. Devan?" "Tanya, my parents haven't seen their grandson in four months. Alice thinks I'm keeping you away because you haven't talked to her in all that time too." "Alice needs to keep her nose out of my business," Tanya mutters out. "She's your sister, and she's worried about you, just like I am. Please, tell me what's going on?" I beg. "This is not what I want," she says turning away from me. "What?" I ask. "I don't want this," she waves her hand around above her head. "I never wanted Charlie, I told you what my family breeds and you made me have him anyway." I swallow trying to not get angry and yell back. "He's fine," I hiss out. "He's not – fine , and you know it! He's just like Chloe, and Aunt Jane ... and I don't want him or you." Tanya stands up and I look at her in shock as she grabs a suitcase. "Tanya?" comes out of my mouth in a whisper. "Come on, Edward, it hasn't been working between us in such a long time – you know this. I need to leave so I can find myself." "You're thirty-four, Tanya, you should know yourself by now!" I yell out. "Bye, Edward," she says. "What about Charlie?" "He's not mine. I never wanted him, and never will. He's all yours," she says taking an envelope out of her purse. She places it down and walks out of our room. With shaking hands I pick it up and I feel my heart crash to the ground as I read the documents. Right here in black and white it states that Tanya Denali has petitioned the court to fully terminate her parental rights to our son. I drop the pages, walking into the nursery to pick up Charlie, our sixteen month old son. "It's gonna be okay," I whisper to him. I sigh as he doesn't seem to take notice of me. I have no idea what the hell I'm going to do, but I do know that I will do whatever I need to for my son. ~CV~ I sit straight up in my bed panting. It's been four months since Tanya walked out on Charlie and me, without looking back. No matter how long it's been, I still seem to be trapped in those last moments before she left. It's as if my mind's trying to see if there was a way I could've made her stay. Deep down I know she had made up her mind already and would have left us sooner or later. About an hour after she left, I called my mom, to explain that we wouldn't be down. I ended up sobbing through the phone to her. She managed to calm me and kept talking to me. She gave me support for over three hours that night. After I found that I was looking at the door so often, in hopes Tanya would come back. I was also working and taking care of Charlie. As the months passed, Charlie began showing more signs that Tanya's thoughts about him could be correct. I slowly found myself hating Tanya, not for leaving me—it was clear she and I were never meant to be forever—but I hated her for leaving Charlie. She abandoned him when he needed her the most. Tanya and I met three years ago, when her little sister Alice married one of my best friends from back home, Jasper. We talked all the way through the wedding reception, and we seemed to click. Our romance was hot and heavy. She seemed to need me, my guidance, love and support. She had me hook, line and sinker, I mean what man doesn't crave and want that? When she told me about her pregnancy I was over the moon. I wanted to be a dad, but clearly she was worried. Her Aunt Jane has autism, and when Alice and Jasper's oldest child Chloe, was diagnosed with autism, just two years ago, the full family became aware that it was hereditary. Tanya said she was scared and worried. It was during this time I declared my love for her – it seemed like the right time. After many talks she agreed to continue with the pregnancy. We were in a committed relationship and living together, but were unmarried. It was just after Charlie was born, I began to see signs that Tanya and I were not right for each other. I realized that I wasn't in love with her, but the idea of us being a family. I wanted to be in love with her, for the sake of her feelings, Charlie and our family. It may have been the guilt that did it or just wanting an easier life, but I started giving Tanya everything she asked for. When she wanted a getaway with her friends, I paid for them to go. When she wanted a bigger house, I got us one. We had many fights and so often I would just give in, thinking I was to blame. The more Charlie showed signs that he was developing different from his peers the more Tanya demanded and withdrew from everyone around her. The more she did this, the more I would spend on her and it became a never ending cycle of regret for me. Since Tanya walked out, I haven't heard anything from her, neither has her family. They all have taken my side on this, not that taking sides is important. Alice, Tanya's younger sister and my parents, spent the early days calling me, telling me that I should move back home. They all wanted Charlie and me closer to them so we weren't on our own. It took less than a month for them to convince me this was the best idea. Being a freelance graphic designer, I worked for myself and from home. It's very easy for me to work from anywhere, as long as I have my equipment and internet, I'm set. I put my house up for sale and started looking for a new place back home. I found one that was near both my mom and Alice, and her parents' home. The hardest thing about the move was the drive from New York to my home town of Rockmount, Nebraska. Here I am four months later, starting to get my and Charlie's lives in order. I move to the nursery and look in on Charlie, who's still asleep. I head off to the shower, to get ready to face my day. Today Charlie and I are meeting with his new doctor. When I was settled into our new condo, dad gave me the names of what he said were great pediatricians. He had taken some time to check them out. When I saw the list of Doctors, one caught my eye right away, Doctor Swan. She just happened to have been my childhood Doctor and I trust her in every respect. I couldn't believe she was still practicing, but I know firsthand how good she is. I called her office that day and scheduled an appointment with her. I'm done with my morning shower and dressed before I get Charlie up. This is our normal routine, and I find our day goes better when I stick to doing the same thing. "So buddy, what do you want for breakfast?" I ask. He doesn't seem to look my way so I move closer to him. I lean down until I know I'm in his sight. "Do you want hoops," I say holding the Cheerios. "Or Charms," I say holding up the second box. I learned early on to keep the choices he has to make between two items. Anything more than two, he becomes highly agitated. However, there are days like today, where he seems to be in his own world. "Hoops," he says after a few seconds and I smile. I'm glad I didn't need to harp at him to answer, or worse make the choice for him. "No problem, buddy." I make up his bowl and my own sitting down next to his booster seat chair. I talk to him about colors and animals as I feed him. I smile at him showing him that he finished the whole bowl. "Well done, buddy," I say in a normal tone. I know that using anything but a normal tone of voice bothers him, he especially dislikes the high pitched voices most people use talking to younger toddlers. "Can you smile for daddy?" I ask showing him another smile. I stop smiling and then give him another smile a few times, but he fails to return a smile for me. "Dad," he says. "Come on, let's get you dressed, we're going to see the doctor." The trip to the doctor is short which is good because it took me over an hour to get him in his shoes. When I arrive, I tell the lady at the desk we are here before sitting by him near the toys. Charlie sits down with his back to the other kids, and promptly takes his shoes off before he plays alone. "Charlie Cullen," the nurse calls. I pick Charlie and his shoes up carrying him over to the nurse. "The doctor will see you first in her office today. If you can just follow me, please." We follow her down a short hallway and she lightly knocks on the door before opening it. "Hi," says a sweet young voice. I frown, when I don't recognize the much too young of a woman behind the desk. "I'm sorry there must be a mistake, we're supposed to be seeing Doctor Swan?" I say confused. "Yes, that's me," she says just smiling. I look her up and down, this girl must be still in high school. "No, Doctor Swan's older, I mean I'm thirty-five and she was my doctor as a child." The girl looks at me and chuckles as she walks around the desk. "That would have been Renee Swan, my mother. I am Bella Swan," she sticks out her hand for me to shake. I shake as I eye her up, because she looks really young. "Are you old enough to be a doctor?" I ask and pale at how