So this is our ANTI-Valentine's Day story, it was suggested by the lovely Sondra on Facebook. We hope you all enjoy this little tale. All normal disclaimers apply, no copyright infringements intended in our use of character names and places from the Twilight Saga. Huge thanks to the lovely ladies who keep us readable: AWayWithWords, Jess2002 and LaPumuckl. All mistakes you find belong to WeeKittyAndTAT, as does the story line. ****PLEASE NOTE THIS STORY WILL HAVE STRONG EDITING DONE TO THE CHAPTERS THAT POST HERE AT FFN, TO NOT BE IN VIOLATION OF THE TOS. UNEDITED COPIES OF ALL THIS STORY'S CHAPTERS WILL POST AT TWCS AND FICPAD.*** Hallmark Holiday Chapter 1 BPOV I look in the mirror as I put on my pencil skirt and fitted shirt. My hair is up and in a nice French twist. I'm wearing makeup, not something I ever did before I started working at Cullen Incorporated. I never wore any of this stuff, but now it's become part of my required uniform . Once I feel happy with my appearance, I walk out of my apartment and get into my old beat up Chevy truck. I'm twenty-one-years-old, just turned it not long ago. I came to Seattle to attend college when I was barely eighteen. The last few years have been hard and a number of things have taken my life by storm. I hate thinking about the past, because it doesn't change a thing. I grew up in a small town not far from Seattle. I had a decent childhood, but it seems like once I hit puberty everyone around me got strange. I lived with my parents and I'm a single child. My parents seemed normal when I was younger, but around age twelve, they started arguing more. By the time I was fourteen, they were both having affairs and flaunting it around the small town we lived in. It was embarrassing being the child of two people who both got caught with their pants down. They fought and cheated for two years before throwing in the towel. Sadly, they decided to use me as a bargaining chip in their divorce. I was pulled and pushed between them, and most of time I was nothing more than a piece of property. By the time I turned sixteen, they were finally divorced, and I got my very first boyfriend. Things at first were okay between us, but it took less than four months for me to meet a side of him, I never wanted to see again. The day before I moved to come here, I broke up with him. I knew I had to do it in public, I actually thought that would save me, but it didn't. It still shocks me when I think back at just how many people passed by us, looking but not helping. It took the brass balls of one woman who stopped to help. A complete stranger at the time, but someone who was ready to kill for me. She not only stopped him, but helped me get away. I pressed charges, got a restraining order and got out of town. My first year here went by quickly and I did well in school. I was always smart – just had a shitty home life. My mom remarried after my first year of college was complete, and of course, my dad followed suit; he couldn't let her one-up him. I got a new boyfriend about the same time my second year of schooling started. He was super nice and sweet to me, and I never feared him hitting me. I really thought he cared and loved me. Of course, my wonderful life had to rear its ugly head again and shit started to landslide on me. The bad luck started when I lost both my parents in an accident. Yes, they were together when they died. Yeah, funny thing, they hated each other enough to throw away their marriage by cheating, but then they cheated on their new spouses with each other. To say I had some very confusing parents was an understatement, but now I was an orphan. I know it was my fault that I allowed the sadness of their deaths to get to me. I ended up failing some of my classes and was told to get my ass in gear or I'd flunk out. Then my wonderful and loving boyfriend turned out to be a douche canoe. I found him balls deep in a girl while some other guy had his dick in his ass. That was a sight I never wanted to see – and sadly there is no such thing as brain bleach. Of course, according to the douche canoe, it was my fault. He said I wasn't paying him enough attention, and was sad all the time. He claimed he needed to let off some steam and relax. I'm not so sure how it is that he found a dick in his ass relaxing, but to each their own I guess. He even offered to show me some of his kinky stuff, and show me how to relax. I'm all about some kink, trust me, but my kind of kink doesn't involve more than two people. According to him, I'm the weird one, but somehow I doubt that. I walked away from him that night. He called me two weeks later asking for another chance. He claimed it would never happen again. I told him to take a long walk off a short pier and hung up. After all of the drama from my parents and the douche canoe, I just lost the will to do anything. I didn't even want to get up in the morning. I knew I needed to do something else with my life, so I left college. I got the shitty little apartment I live in now and then got a job at a diner downtown. The diner is great and it's owned and run by Esme Masen. She's the sweetest woman around, and her cooking is to die for. A vast majority of her daily business comes from the large office buildings around her diner. It was during one of my shifts that I met up again with the woman who's responsible for saving me back in Forks: Rosalie Hale, Rose, to all her friends. We began talking each time she came in, and she introduced me to Alice Whitlock. They both work for Cullen Incorporated, which is owned by Edward Cullen and his two younger brothers, Emmett and Jasper. Rose and Alice are dating the younger Cullen brothers. One of the times Rose and Alice came in, they had a backlog of paperwork. She had it all laid out on the table, looking it over. I noticed there were several errors and typos. I gently pointed out what I noticed and she looked like she was going to kill someone. I right away offered to help her, explaining it wouldn't take me long to retype them for her, because I'm fast on a keyboard. They quickly agreed to my help, and with my shift ending in thirty minutes I went and helped out. Between the three of us, we got the job done with plenty of time to spare. The next day Rose came back to the diner, and offered me a job as her personal assistant. Esme overheard the offer and agreed on my behalf to take the job. It has been six months and I seem to be doing well. I know that Rose, even being my direct supervisor, is first and foremost my friend. I pull into the diner's parking lot and wave to Esme. I walk the three buildings over to Cullen Incorporated. I will not park in the employee parking ramp at work anymore, the one time I did, Mr. Cullen had my truck towed. I overheard him saying to Emmett and Jasper, it belonged in a dump because it was junk. I walk in the front door and give a short nod to the security guards, Felix and Sam. I get into the elevator and press the tenth floor button. "Hold the door," is called out in a deep, velvety voice. I quickly press for the door to open again, hoping that this time I'm able to do it. I sigh out in relief when the doors open again, and Edward Cullen is able to step inside. Four out of the six mornings I work, I will get into the elevator only for him to yell at me to hold the door as they close. More than once I wanted to just say fuck it, and just wait for him at the door. I don't though, because it could be construed in a nonworking manner. I can't even pluck up enough courage to say anything non-work related to him. Mr. Cullen, known as Edward to his close friends and family, is forty-three. He's about six-foot-three and is well-built. For an older man, he has a full head of copper hair and not a strand of gray. He has soft, green eyes that will fool you into believing he's a push over. Many people describe him as being smart, ruthless and cold-hearted in the business world. I've seen him bring grown men to their knees, first hand, so I agree with what others think. "Miss Swan, I see you managed this time," Mr. Cullen grunts out. Without his order, I press the button for his floor and look at my feet. I don't know what it is about this man, but he tends to make me feel shy and quiet; neither of which describe me normally. "Yes," I reply meekly. "Tell Rose I need the meeting moved to four today," Mr. Cullen barks out making me jump. "Sir, she has a meeting with Volturi from two until half past four scheduled. After the meeting, she has three sets of appointments," I say quick, already knowing Rose's full schedule. Mr. Cullen just raises his brow at me. "Then when is she free?" "She has forty-five minutes available around one o'clock," I say. I manage to hold back the retort of the time you're already scheduled to meet with her . "Are you attending the Volturi meeting with her?" "No, Emmett ... I mean Mr. Cullen is attending with her." "Is he now?" I bit my lip, ducking my head a little more. "Fine, then I will have to make do with you for the meeting then." I turn and look at him as the doors open with a ding sound. "I'll see you at four, Miss Swan," the doors start to close again, and I'm still standing here open-mouthed looking at him. He reaches forward and pushes the door open button. "Mouse, this is your floor, and as much as I would like to stand here all day watching you attempt to catch flies with that open mouth, I do have a business to run." I quickly close my mouth and walk off the elevator. I freaking hate that he calls me mouse . It was bad enough he described me as a mouse when he was talking to Emmett, but now he's calling me that to my face. I throw my bag on my desk, and make my way to the coffee machine I brought in with me when I started. Only Rose, Alice and I know about and use it. We actually hoard it, because it does make the best coffee ever. After getting a cup for me and one for Rose, I make my way to her office. "Rose," I say walking in and placing the cup on her desk. "I hear you're going to be meeting with Edward today at four, is that right?" I give her a nod and huff as I sit down across from her. "What has he done now?" "He called me mouse again," I whine. I freaking hate