As always all things Twilight related are the sole ownership of Stephenie Meyer, all things within the storyline of this post belong to WeeKittyAndTAT, no copy right infringement is intended. This is out of our normal story type. This is the much requested life of Tanya Denali and why she was the way she was in the story Family Business. We hope you all enjoy this very short story. Thank you so much to the wonderful and talented AWayWithWords, LaPumukl, and Jess2002 who keep us readable. The Viper TPOV I can't believe after all I've been through some crazy twit with a homemade knife brings me to the judgment gates. I stand here waiting for my turn. I'm annoyed that I have to wait for all these other people to go ahead of me. I mean, really, as if any of them had to go through what I did to get here. As the person in front of me finally walks through the large iron gates, I try and peek in, but I can't see anything. "This is ridiculous. I mean, really, I've been waiting here for over an hour already," I sneer. After what seems like a damn eternity, I finally hear the name I thought I'd never have to hear again, " Tanya Maya Yudin- Starikov ." I stand up fixing the gown they made me change into when I arrived and walk to the gate. Once I'm through the gates they close with a loud bang. I squint, my eyes trying to see something, anything, but it's as if I'm the only one here. Suddenly, a very attractive man appears beside me. "Hello, I am Gustavo, and I will be going over your existence with you. This is a normal process, and it's designed to help the judgment process of where you'll reside in the afterlife." "I'll be here in heaven of course," I say flicking my hair back. Gustavo snaps his fingers and a light comes on and I see we are in a hallway. I look to Gustavo, who is tall – around six-two. He has a nice and well-defined body. His black hair is thick and has hints of curls to it. I smile when I get to his face—he really is good looking and his gold-colored eyes seem so perfect. I just knew heaven would only be for the beautiful. "We need to start at the beginning. You, Tanya, were born on October thirty-first, 1971 to Magdalena and Artyom Yudin." I look around the hallway as it changes into a hospital. I hear some woman panting and screaming. My eyes go to her and I see it's my mother. "You're doing great, baby." I swallow hearing my father's voice. "Daddy," I say moving toward him, but his full attention is on my mother, of course. "You have a baby girl," a nurse says. My father's eyes go to the small baby the nurse is holding up and he chuckles. "We have a girl," he says proudly, turning back to my mother, who's sleeping. Everything seems to speed up, as everyone gathers around my mother. I, the baby, have just been cast aside and forgotten because they're all worried about her. Yeah, this doesn't surprise me; she always was a drama queen. "Hmm, you seem to still have a strong dislike toward your mother." I don't even reply to him, why shouldn't I hate her. Time again speeds up and I watch as my father spends the first week of my life at my mother's bedside. When she decides to wake up, he left her and finally chose me. We all left the hospital when I was two weeks old. The next eight years seem to go by with me mainly spending time with my father. Mother always seems to be ill, but that was fine, who needs her anyway. Then it all changed with a new drug she was given. As mother got better, she started to steal my daddy away from me. My dad started to split our time together with her. He even made me sit in with mother, when he had to work. I hated it; the only good thing was he asked me to make sure she had her medication on time. I promised him I would do that, but I didn't. Instead, I would give her Daphne Berries , which lined our walkway. The berries were small and bright red, much like the new pill she was taking. I gave her an average of six a day, every single day. I remembered daddy telling me never to eat them, they could kill me. No one ever knew I was poisoning her. I was so glad she was again so sick. I watch as I got excited about my twelfth birthday. Mother was sick, so my dad had promised a day for just him and me. We had many big plans, and I was sure to sneak in and give my mom her special pills the day before. I even brewed her some special tea to take them with. It was very sweet, and had such a lovely shade of red to it. Of course, my good day with my father was ruined by that sniveling bitch. She had to steal him away on my day, yet again! "She was dying, Tanya," Gustavo says with a sigh and I interrupt him. "Well, she could've died another day, not on my birthday. That was my day and she took it away from me. After that on my special day it was all he remembered. My special day became the day he lost her, the day she died!" I scream out at him. "You killed her slowly. What makes it worse, even in your young age, you knew what you were doing. You knew you were causing her pain, and you got some enjoyment out of it." I relax and shrug my shoulders at him. "I really don't care that she died – she deserved it. She was taking what was mine, and no one can do that." Time seems to speed up again and I watch as I grow from a young girl to a beautiful teenager. I grin watching as my father gives in to my every demand. If ever he didn't, I would lash out at whoever or whatever was in my way. I saw myself taking out my anger on pets and staff, anyone I could hurt in my own sneaky way. It became my best play time activity, something I truly enjoyed. I watch as some of the staff seemed to pick up on my extra activities. They would go to my father, telling him something was not right with me. They claimed I was evil, but he always became angry at them, firing them on the spot. I cross my arms as the bitch Tia comes into the picture. She was the American maid who came into our lives. She was twenty–two: a whole four years older than me. My father hired her hoping to give me a friend. I didn't need a friend or want one. I only needed and wanted him. Besides, why would I want a whore as a friend? "She did love your father, even more than what your mother did. I can tell you that for a fact." "She didn't love him more than I did. No one ever could love him more than me." "You really think that?" I glare at him and he just chuckles a little. "She was hired help who seduced her way into my father's bed. She was a whore. She had only been married to my father for one month when she found herself to be in the family way! I knew there and then I had to get rid of her, and poisoning her was not fast enough. I wanted her to know that it was me who was responsible. I wanted her to feel the hurt and pain I felt when she took my daddy from me." I watched as I hired some not so nice men, to break into my family home. I had made sure it was only Tia and I home at the time – father was away on business. I watched with glee as the men beat her in front of me. Once they were done beating her, I had them hit me a few times. Once I knew I would have marks, I sent them to pack up some things I agreed they should steal. I straddled her and wrapped my hands around her neck slowly taking her live smiling the full time. Once the life was drained from her, I picked up my father's gun killing both of the men. Their shocked faces almost made me laugh. "I wasn't sure why they thought I would allow them to live – it's beyond me." I got out a knife and stabbed myself in the arm, and gave myself some more flesh wounds. For good measure, I stabbed the knife into the stomach of the dead bitch on the floor. I clap as I watch myself run, screaming and crying into the street for help. "You're really quite the actress." I nod at him feeling proud of the Oscar-like performance which I delivered that day. Time moves on again, and I chuckle out loud as I see the pussy boy I married stumble into my life. Victor Staikov was so easy to get over on. The boy was twenty-six and never had a girl. Not that I could ever blame any girl – he was nothing good to look at or do for that matter. The only good thing about him was his money and the fact he worked for the Russian government. It also helped that my father approved of him so much. We dated for a whole five months before we were married, just after my twentieth birthday. The wedding was beautiful and I had everyone's full attention. The downfall came when I had to have sex with him—oh boy that was a bore. He only lasted twenty minutes and I got one lousy orgasm out of it, and I gave that to myself after telling him he was worthless. "You know you could have helped him out; he was a virgin after all, unlike you." "The boy should've done better," I say. "You mean like him," Gustavo says. I turn and watch as I lick my lips walking over to Victor's friend , Petya. He was everything Victor wasn't. It's a shame he was not as high up in the government, and of course, there was also his lack of money. But – boy could that man fuck like a machine. I feel myself getting wet now just watching him fuck my younger self. Gustavo clears his throat and shakes his head at me. "So, how big are you, Gustavo," I ask seductively running my hand up and down Gustavo's arm. "You look like you could really help a girl out?" Gustavo just looks at me. "Are you seriously trying to get me to have sex with you?" "Well, I want you to fuck me hard. I mean really 'have sex with you' sounds so boring, you don't look boring to me." "You're in enough trouble, Tanya." "Oh, Jesus H Christ, it's just sex, it's not like it's a real sin!" "Do you even know what a sin is?" Gustavo asks showing no emotion at all. I turn back to my life, and watch as it runs by. I hate my marriage and Victor was not living up to what I wanted, or thought he would be. I aimed to get myself into the office, and I did. I had to fuck some of the higher up men, but just like Petya, they knew how to do the job right. The best time was with Gniewomir . The man was twice my age, but he