All normal disclaimers apply. Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight and all of the characters within. We have changed them a lot, but the basic structure is hers. No copyright infringement is intended in our use. This story is all human and completely out of character for the Twilight Saga. Special thanks goes out to: Jess, Sarah, and Savannavansmutsmut for all of the hard work they put into these chapters in order to keep us readable. Meeting Her Needs By: WeeKittyAndTAT Chapter: One I let out a sigh, looking out the one way glass across the bar. Everything looks good, the same as always. I thread my fingers through my hair gripping the ends and shake my head. Lately I feel like I am in purgatory. I really don't understand why I feel like this, I have a great life. I just turned thirty a few months ago. I am stinking rich, well-educated, and charming. I have a great family and I have never been healthier. I know I have good looks, hell I was just rated as number three on the best looking list from self-made men of the world. I have access to any type of sexual experience I want, pussy is in no short supply. I go on dates, but no female has held my interest for long, however I've always preferred it that way. You ask what the problem is, well that's just it—I have no fucking idea what is wrong. I am a Dom, and I love having control. I have always loved being in control, since when I was very young. I guess you can't help the way your mind, body and soul direct you. I didn't choose to be a Dom, it chose me. My family has been great; they stand by my choices in life. They support me, and are always respectful to any submissive they have met. They know the difference between a submissive and a vanilla girl. I have been in vanilla relationships and in collared relationships before, but never at the same time. When I am in a relationship, I'm true to that person. I never—I repeat never have a sub, and a girlfriend. I have been lucky that the girls I have dated have all been kinky, so I've been able to bring a little of my Dom life to each relationship. I've always been up front with them too. Each time I'm with someone they know how I choose to live. Sadly nothing long term has ever panned out for me, relationship wise. Nevertheless, I haven't really given up; just so far nothing has developed past casual. As for my times when I have collared a submissive, those times have lasted longer. Though after a short time of collaring one submissive, I find myself becoming bored and needing to end things. I've been lucky and all my subs have been great and truly bring the Dom out of me, but there has always been something missing. See here is the thing; I don't have a sad story to tell. I've never felt like someone was just with me because of my looks, money or name. I've never had my heart broken, and I've always tried to spare anyone else's feelings. In fact I pride myself on clean breaks without drama. Each time I find myself in a relationship, there just has always been something missing. It's like I can't find that other half to make me whole, or there's always a piece missing. I rub my face walking to the window where I can see the whole bar area and there's a bank of monitors for viewing the entire club, including private rooms and secluded areas. You see this is Seattle's most upstanding BDSM club. As I glance around the room, I see a young woman-girl who is looking lost. I let out a sigh and pick up my jacket. I hate the beginning of the new college season. We always and I mean always get the sorority or fraternity houses—sometimes both—sending pledges here as a joke. I start to make my way over to the girl, before I approach her, I size her up. She is very small, five foot, maybe a slight bit more. She is very thin and I would venture to say that her height to weigh proportions is dead on perfect. As my eyes trail up her body, I notice how long and lean her legs are for such a tiny thing. She is wearing flats on her feet, skinny jeans, and a red sweater that is baggy, all her clothes are rather loose fitting or wrongly sized. I always pay extra attention to a woman's chest, what can I say, I'm a boob man. Her long hair is beautiful and appears to be a naturally deep shade of brown with some natural or very professionally set high-lights. I notice she is wearing a necklace, but it is clearly not a collar, so I'm sure she isn't meant to be here. Her face is a little pale with a blush and she looks really young, maybe twenty tops. Besides her slight blush, the only other color is from the frames of her glasses. It's very clear that she has no idea where she is, or what she's walked into by entering this establishment. Just as I reach her, another Dom speaks to her. I wait and listen, because you can tell a lot about someone from how they speak. "Little One, are you here with anyone?" he asks keeping his hands to himself. That's a sign of a good Dom. No one should never touch another Dom's sub and just because she's not traditionally collared, doesn't mean she doesn't belong to someone. The girl looks around herself. "I am not really sure Mr..." her voice trails off not knowing his name. I raise my eyebrows at her response. Where she was polite and respectful with her reply, it was certainly not a typical response for a submissive. This is just further proof to me that she doesn't belong here, nor does she know what this place is. "SIR!" he booms at her. I roll my eyes at James. He's a very old school Dom and expects everyone, even those who aren't of our preferred lifestyle to bow at his feet. Other Dom's and I have spoken to him before about this, but he just can't keep a grip on it. As much as we would like, not everyone knows about or is into this lifestyle. "I'm … I'm sorry, what? I mean, I'm a girl so why are you calling me sir?" I bite back the chuckle, because she really does look puzzled by his response. "No, Little One, you should say Sir when speaking to me? Now are you here with anyone?" This time the girl shrugs her shoulders and bites her lip. I move over to them, knowing that James will just get more pissed off at her. "You will show me respect." James makes a move to touch her, but I grab a hold of her arm pulling her toward me. Fuck she's really small. I notice how much, as I tower over her. I know that I'm tall standing at six-three, but I have a clear foot over her. "James," I say his name and James sneers at me and walks away. "You, come with me." The girl looks at me in shock and shakes her head as I look at her face. I can see that she's a beautiful girl and she has really pretty eyes. I swallow trying to get my mind working again, because all it's doing is trying to convince me of what I need. It's like hearing a looped recording of, 'You need to dominate her and fuck her into submission.' Now that I have her here with my hand around her arm, I can see what wound James up so much. "I can't leave the main area though, I am waiting on someone, sorry," she says in a very light voice. I raise my eyebrows at her. "I'm the owner of this place, and you need to come with me now." I watch her looking around herself before nodding her head. I take her to my office and over to the chairs in front of my desk. "Why are you here? Is this a sorority pledge stunt?" I look at her again knowing that I need to know her age, because the stuff that I want to do to this little girl is illegal in more states, than it's legal in. I watched her shake her head no, as she mumbles out a low no. "What college do you go to?" She bites her lip again and my pants immediately feel tighter. "I just transferred to UW." I nod my head at her. "What year are you in?" She blinks looking at me. "This is my junior year." Thank God, she's has to be twenty-one, or at least almost twenty-one. That means there's only a nine year gap between us, that is not too bad, but she's still the youngest girl I've wanted. By God, she's really fucking beautiful. "Why are you here?" She looks at me, before looking at the ground. "Well today is … it's my birthday. My roommates found out and said that we had to have a night out. They said to meet them here, but I think I got the name wrong or something." I shake my head, there's a part of me that say yes she's twenty-one, but there another part that worried about how sad she sounds. I smile at her thinking that maybe I should get to know her a little and then give her a very personal birthday gift. I would even wrap it, well, I would need to, as I never go bare-back with someone I haven't had checked out. "Did you get anything nice?" She shakes her head. "No, I don't usually celebrate my birthdays." I lean my head to the side. Something in the way she said that makes me feel like there was more behind her words. It was like she needs to believe her own words, more than she wants. "Have you called your friends?" She nods her head. "They're not really my friends, I don't really know them. Well, except for Jessica, but she truly has never liked me too much. I tried calling the one girl, but it rings straight to voice mail, and I don't know Jessica's number. I really don't think it'd be a good I idea to call her mom and ask for it." I frown at her words, it sounds as if this Jessica gives her a hard time. "Would you like a drink?" I point to the bar and she shakes her head. "Oh ... um ... no thank you, It's bad enough that I'm in a club while under age, I'd rather not add drinking to it." I look at her puzzled. "I thought today was you birthday?" She nods her head that it is her birthday. "Then how can you be underage?" She looks at me and it appears as if she is ashamed. "I just ... well, today I turn eighteen." "But you're a junior in college?" "Yeah, you see, I skipped a few years during school." I swallow knowing that I've been having dirty ... really fucking dirty thoughts about a kid. Fuck and she just became even more beautiful. Oh, fuck, I've officially booked my one-way ticket to hell. I just look at her wishing she never said those last words, because I can never have her, and I don't think she'll be single three years from now. Fuck, I don't even know if she's single right now. My silence must've made her nervous, because she begins talking again. "I think that's why Jessica doesn't like me. I was in her graduating class in high school. She's always