All normal disclaimers apply. Special thanks to our wonderful team of gals who keep us readable: Jess2002, Savannavansmutsmut and AWayWithWords, you ladies rock our socks! Happy Halloween Everyone! This is our third annual Halloween One-Shot! We hope you enjoy it. Crushes, Canines & Clowns "Bella, it's six o'clock and time for you to get up," I hear Charlie, my dad, shout over my alarm. "Dad, it's Saturday," I groan out, as I hit my alarm's snooze button and pull my covers over my head. I hear my bedroom door open and dad sits on my bed, pulling the covers from my face. "Yes, I know, Bells, but you have to see the Cullens about the house-sitting and pet-sitting at ten." I groan again as I look to the window seeing it's still dark out. "Can't I get up at eight, Dad? It won't take me long to get washed up and ready to go." My dad chuckles while looking at me. "Bells, I need to go to work and knowing you, like I do, you'll go back to sleep. You'll end up hitting the snooze button on the alarm over and over when it goes off and not get up until nine. If you do that, you'll have to rush to get ready." I glare at him. "Please, Dad, I swear I'll get up when the alarm goes off." I give him the I'm-your-good-little-girl pleading look. I know I won him over when I hear him sigh and change my alarm time on my clock. "When this alarm goes off, I want you up and out of bed, Bella." I nod at him with a tired smile. "All righty then, I'm off to work, Kiddo. I'll see you at dinner. Good luck getting the job at the Cullens." As soon as my dad leaves my room, I pull my covers back over my head and go back to sleep. The alarm goes off within five minutes, and I groan. I hit the snooze button. My father thinks he's a comedian—my father—the laughing policeman. I go back to sleep within seconds. As the bright light from outside the window hits my eyes I yawn and stretch out. I get the odd sense that someone is watching me and I turn my head to look around the room. I shake my head and look at the alarm clock seeing that it's ten minutes after nine. Shit, I overslept! I leap out of bed. I move quickly to the bathroom, brushing my teeth and washing my face. I run back into my bedroom and trip over my shoes. Now, why did I leave them in the middle of the room? Bless it; this is no time for clumsy Bella. I'm completely grateful that I sat my clothes out last night. I grab for my clean panties, but they're gone. Maybe I forgot to set them out; I must really be losing my mind. I grab some panties and quickly get dressed. I run down the stairs and grab a breakfast bar before heading out to my truck. I glance at my cell to see what time it is and see that it's now twenty before ten. Sadly, the Cullens live more than half an hour away. I let out a few shits, as I fail to start my truck on the first try. It roars to life on the second try, and I let out a sigh. I know if I'm late, my dad's gonna kill me, but if I speed in the truck he'll bury me alive. I drive a little over the speed limit hoping my dad is not out on patrol. To make matters worse, I get lost and end up pulling up outside of their home at half past ten. As I get out of the truck I notice a guy talking with Dr. Cullen. I frown a little knowing I haven't seen him around before. "Bella, how are you dear?" I turn and smile at Mrs. Cullen. "Hello, sorry I am late, Mrs. Cullen." She shakes her head at me and waves her hand in the air. "It's Esme, dear, and the place is a little hard to get to, and since you've never been here befo—" Esme is cut off by a loud voice not far from us. "I don't care if you like my choices, I don't think much of yours either," says the guy dressed in black jeans and leather coat. He turns and starts to stalk our way, but stops short with Dr. Cullen on his heel. I visibly swallow and I notice Dr. Cullen looks upset. "Well, hello gorgeous, where have they been hiding the likes of you. What's your name?" I look closer at the guy who is standing with Dr. Cullen. I think my mouth drops open as I look him up and down. My God, he's the sexiest fucking guy alive. "Do you see something you like there, sweet girl?" I close my mouth as he grins at me. "Edward, she's only eighteen," Dr. Cullen says in a domineering tone. Edward keeps looking at me and takes his time running his eyes up and down my body. "Ah—now there's good information to know. At least she's legal then. I'm sure she could help me keep my bed warm for a night, or maybe even two." I frown knowing he may be sexy, but clearly he's a fucking player. Why, God? Why are the sexy ones always assholes and users? "Edward, what the hell is wrong with you?" Dr. Cullen yells. Edward lights up a cigarette and chuckles. "I'm just having some good ole fun, Carlisle, you remember what fun is, right?" Dr. Cullen lets out a loud sigh. "You're twenty-fricking-six, not nineteen. Act your age not ..." "… not my dick size!" Edward cuts in with a laugh. "Damn it to hell, Edward, it's time to grow up!" Carlisle roars. Edward looks at him before looking back at me. "But there's no fun in being all grown up. Wowza, baby, look at you," he says as he flicks the cigarette and walks till he's next to me and leans back to look at my backside. "Fuck, sweetness, and the things I could do to an ass like that." "Edward Cullen," Esme gasps, and he actually looks a little ashamed. "You cannot treat ladies like that," Dr. Cullen booms, and the shame fades from his face fast. "Sadly, my real father never gave me an example, personally," Edward retorts. "See you around," he says with a smirk and a wink before he gets on a motorcycle and rides away. "I'm so very sorry about him, Bella; he thinks he's still a teenager. He really needs to grow up," Dr. Cullen says with a sigh as he shakes his head. "Come on in, Bella, I'll show you around the house and you can meet the kids," Mrs. Cullen says as she links my arm with her own. They show me around the home that has more rooms than our local hotel. "Now, it's time to introduce you to my babies." I smile at her and she takes me to the backyard of the house and four dogs come running over to us. I take a step forward and the golden retriever growls at me. "That's Rosalie; she's a bit funny with new people." I nod at Mrs. Cullen and take a step back from Rosalie. The next thing I know there's a small Papillion dog jumping around by my feet, I smile and bend down and pet it. "That's Alice. She can be really hyper at times." I nod and look to the Puli. "Now what is this big one called?" "Ah, yeah this would be Emmett; he's our friendliest dog of all." I look to the last dog; it's a Perro de Presa Canario. My eyes go wide as I see all of the cuts and bite marks on him. "That's Jasper, our newest dog. We rescued him about nine weeks ago. The woman, Maria, who owned him last, trained him as a fighter." I nod once more. "Is he friendly?" "Yes, but he's rather weary of people. You'll have no issues, he likes you, I can tell. Now, shall we head back in and go over what we need and expect?" I nod and Mrs. Cullen walks me back into the kitchen and motions for me to sit while she makes us something to drink. "My husband and I are going to be leaving town on Monday morning, and we won't be back until Sunday night. Normally, when we have to leave, the dogs just go to the local dog boarders. Sadly, last month when they were there for a weekend, I was not happy with how they cared for our babies. So, we're looking for someone to house sit and look after them here at home." "So, you want me to come up few times each day?" I ask unsure of what all they are asking for while they're away. "No, dear, we want you to stay here for the week. We'll make sure there's enough food for you and the dogs while we'll be away." "What about that Edward guy?" I ask, unsure if I really want to be anywhere near him. Not that he scares me or anything, it's just I'm not into players. I think that Edward guy is sexy personified, but I don't want my first time to be with a player. I'm honestly unsure if I could stop myself if we live under the same roof for a week. "Sadly, he's staying with us for the time being, but he stays in the pool house," Mrs. Cullen says, pointing to house about a quarter of a mile away from the main house. "He should not come here often, if at all." I sigh and nod at her. "We would ask him, but he's not really that reliable and the dogs would more than likely be forgotten within a few hours." I let out a small sigh and nod in understanding. "Okay, I will do it," I say. Mrs. Cullen claps her hands and smiles brightly at me. We sit and go over a few more things, and we agree on what time I shall arrive. I wave as I drive away knowing I will be back in a few days. I head to the grocery store to get everything that Charlie and I need. I grab a few extra things since I plan to prepare all of his dinners before I leave to house-sit for Mr. and Mrs. Cullen. I walk into the store, grab a cart, and make my way around the aisles. I keep getting the strange notion that someone is staring at me, but each time I turn nobody is there. I have about a half a cart of groceries when I hear the voice of that sexy, smooth devil who lives in the Cullen's pool house. "Did anyone tell you that you're the sexiest girl alive?" I turn, look, and roll my eyes. I see that it's for sure Edward, and he's chatting up Tanya. Tanya giggles from her station at the cash register, and plays up the attention he's giving her. I really don't think Edward has any idea that Tanya will actually eat him alive. Edward may be a player, but Tanya, she is the queen of players. "Oh my, please stop now, you're makin' sweet little ole me blush. Didn't anyone ever teach you it's not nice to make a girl feel this way, Eddy?" I chuckle at the fake voice Tanya puts on, and totally enjoy the fact Edward cringes when she calls him Eddy. "I love a girl with a blush," Edward says. Tanya starts to fan herself. "I feel myself getting red all over." I let out a muffled laugh, because even if Tanya's skin tone wasn't already dark tan, she still wouldn't be