All normal disclaimers apply. All things Twilight Saga related are the property of Stephenie Meyer, no copyright infringement is intended in our use of her character names, places and or characteristics. This is being reposted after being taken down long enough to hopefully fix the multitude of mess ups, grammatical errors and sloppiness. The group of ladies who helped make this process easier is made up of: Savannavansmutsmut, Jess2002, AWayWithWords and SarcasticBimbo, any mistakes still within the story belong solely to WeeKittyAndTAT, just as the story line does. Chapter one: A Day with Edward June Twenty-First Beep ... Beep ... "Get your ass up, Eddie." Alice's voice shrills across the room. "You need to wash some of your clothes. All of your nice clothes are dirty. God, boy, I swear you have no fashion sense!" she shouts going through my closet. "Well, this will have to do. Come on Eddie! It's six in the morning and you still need to: shower, shave, and eat breakfast. Are you listening to me?" I wave at her motioning for her to go away. "Get your ass up! Here are your clothes, you better wear them. GET. UP. NOW!" Alice yells, as she storms across the room. "I'm going to help Emmett now. You have thirty minutes to get ready, or I'll be back," she says as the door slams shut. I lie back down on my bed and close my eyes. Not five minutes pass when I hear Alice in the hallway. "It's not your birthday anymore, so get up now!" She is perfectly dressed already and running around military style to get everyone ready. She's a bossy bitch. I feel sorry for Jasper. God, I bet she keeps up the ordering during ... ugh, stop that thought right there. "Stop talking bad about me to yourself and get up now!" The tyrant screeches through the door before going off to finish her morning rituals. I slowly get myself out of bed and flip her off for good measure. It's not like she can get to school without me, since she's still grounded and has no car. I laugh at the thought of what she did two weeks ago. I turned nineteen yesterday and got a day off from her shouting and telling me what to do for a full twenty-four hours—It was bliss—the best present I had ever received. Every morning is the same old thing. Tink gets up, orders everyone around, and gives them clothes to wear. God, I remember once when I rebelled. "Fuck you, Alice. I'll wear what I want." That was not a good day. I will never do it again. It took three weeks of one hour visits to my therapist, to get over what she did to me. Stop, not going there, can't deal with that memory. Yes, she has mentally scarred me for life. As I get ready I think about my life. I'm Edward Anthony Cullen, but I wasn't born a Cullen. I turned nineteen yesterday, happy birthday to me! I live with Carlisle, his wife Esme, and their children Alice and Emmett. My mom and dad were killed when I was six, so I moved here. Carlisle, who I lovingly call dad, was my mom's only sibling. Esme, who I proudly call my mom, is the best mother I could have ever asked for. Yeah I'm a momma's boy, I love that woman. I go to Forks High School with my sister, who's really my cousin, Alice. Alice is my morning nightmare, she's eighteen. Alice is two inches over five feet, and looks like a pixie. That's why some of us call her Tink. Alice and I are both juniors, and she just stared dating my best friend, Jasper, in March. I don't know who to be more worried about. Then there is Emmett. He just graduated a semester early. He's nineteen too, and starts college this fall. He's going to attend college two hours from here, but plans on coming home every weekend. His long-term girlfriend Rosalie, whom I call the devil bitch, is going off to the same college as him. I put on the clothes Alice had put on my bed and start to make my way downstairs to the kitchen. "Here's your breakfast, dear. Are you all set to go? You leave at six in the morning tomorrow for your flight," Esme asks as she hands me my breakfast. "Yeah, I just need to pack, and I'll be all set, Mom." "What? You're not packed? Oh, Edward, I'll do it when you're at school today. I thought you were looking forward to going." "I am, but I'm just going to miss you so much. I've not washed some of the clothes I need to take, what can I say I'm a mess." "Well, I'll do that too then," she said. "Mom, you're the best. I don't know how I'm going to get through the next ten long weeks without you." "You're so sweet, my dear, Edward. I am going to miss you too. You better get going, Alice is in a hurry. Give this to Mrs. Cope, so the school knows that today's your last day." "Thank you, I will. I'll see you tonight." I give her a peck on the cheek and make my way out to my car. This is my last day of school. Everyone else has another two weeks to go, but I am going to Chicago for a music course that lasts for ten weeks. I'm coming back to Forks two days before school starts again, and then I will be in my last year here. Thank God, I can't wait to leave this town that's for sure. I hate school in Forks, there are so many issues it is terrible. The jocks – bullies are: Mike, Tyler, Eric, Paul, Sam, Jacob, James, Laurent, and Riley. I've had a talk with each of them about bullying younger, weaker students. Most of my talking was done with my fist, but hey, I have to get my point across. Jasper, Emmett, Ben, and I are also on the football team, but we don't do the shit they do. Emmett is the team captain, and I have just been voted captain for next year. It pissed Jacob Black off, but I will be running a tight ship with the team. Then, there are the cheerleaders. Rose is the head cheerleader, Alice was voted head cheerleader for next fall. Besides Alice and Rose, there are only two other cheerleaders that are decent girls. There is Bree, who is a sweet girl, who gets picked on a lot. Then there is Angela, my team-mate Ben's girlfriend. The rest of the cheerleading squad is: Tanya, Lauren, Jessica, Kate, Irina, and Victoria. They bully the girls of the school. Much like the boys, take every opportunity to try and rule the school. They flipped out when Bree was given a place in cheerleading just because she has a mild form of Down's Syndrome. Alice, Rose, and Angela were on the enrollment committee so they had to deal with it. At lunch time the jocks and cheerleaders, and our group is split up. We always sit at different ends of the room. At my table, there is Emmett, Rose, Jasper, Alice, Ben, Angela and me. At other end of the room are the douches and bimbos. Bree sits with us Mondays and Wednesdays, as those are practice days for her. On the other days, she sits with Bella Swan. Ah, Bella Swan. Bella does not fit into any of the groups in this school, apart from being friends with Bree. Bella took Bree under her wing two years ago, when Bree came to school here. Bella doesn't talk much to anyone. She's the smartest girl in the school, very pretty and wears what she feels like. She has never had too much trouble with the bullies. Jacob and his crew call her names now and then. That bitch Tanya, and her coven of skanks, push her around and try to trip her now and then. Bella pretty much always has a comeback for most of their bitchy comments, or sidesteps their attempts to trip her, though. I know for a fact it was Bella that talked to Rose and Alice about Bree trying out and even came to support her. She comes to the home games for Bree, too. I think Tanya and a few others beat Bella up one night after a game we lost. They were calling Bree names and pushing her, Bella stood up to them. Two days later, Bella turned up at school, black and blue. We tried to get her to tell us who it was, but she never did. After that, we make sure Bree was with us at the end of the game. We are sure to keep an eye out for Bella too. "Okay, fairy boy, where's my homework? I told you I wanted it done for today. You better have done it, or so help me and I better get an A too." "Ja-Jak-Jake, it's in my locker. I'll g-go and get it for you, but I don't know about that A. My mom ..." What the fuck? I had to stop this. As I turn the corner, I see Seth pinned up against his locker by Jacob Black. "Now, fairy boy, I better get an A. My dad said he'd buy me that part I need for the Rabbit. I don't give a shit about your mom..." "Seth, you're going to be late for class. I'll give you a lift home today. Wait for me at my car, okay?" I tell him as I stride right up to where Jake has him cornered. "Su-sure Edward, n-no problem. Thanks," Seth says, he is a good kid. He has asthma and he's quite smart, gets B's all around. He could get the odd A if Jacob would do his own homework. Two years ago, he came out gay and proud. Jake and his pack of mutts picked on him relentlessly when he came out, but we put an end to it. A few months ago, the picking started again. I don't have a problem that he's gay, and neither do the rest of my friends. To each their own, right? "Jake, I told you before about Seth. He's out of bounds. You know that." "Oh, I'm sorry. Was I picking on your boyfriend again, Cullen? Sorry. Maybe you should go and kiss him better. After all, you're both freaks. He's disgusting. How can you defend him? He should not be allowed in the school. He could give us stuff." "Don't be ignorant, Ja…" "Ha, you know the guys that say 'Get me away from the gay guy', and 'Hate the gay' are really closet gays themselves," says a sweet voice. Both Jake and I turn to see Bella come around the corner. "Hope you're not saying that I am gay, Bella. I'll knock you into next week, I don't fucking care who the hell your gramps is. Then I'll fuck you good and hard to show you that I'm not gay," Jake says. He said it with so much anger I put myself between Bella and him. Bella being Bella, sees his anger. This girl has a death wish. I never talk to people, but hey, big, angry, fucked up jock, sure, I'll piss him off. Just to tell you how bad it is, Jake is like six foot seven and weighs just under three hundred pounds. Bella is five foot two, if that. She might weigh a hundred and two pounds if she was wet holding a brick, but is she scared? Nope! Me? I am shitting myself. I'm six foot two and weigh about two hundred pounds. I'm fast and can always predict any attack Jake is going to try. I can win fights against him, but I want to come out