Normally we post just a one shot around 15K word count, but this year you're getting more of a full story. At over 40K word count it will post over a few days, but will be complete before Halloween. All things Twilight Saga related, belong to Stephenie Meyer, no copyright infringement is intended in the very out of character way we use her character names. The storyline of Intended Target belongs to WeeKittyAndTAT. Huge thanks goes out to all the people who keep us readable: AWayWithWords, LaPumukl, and Jess2002 . Nikky and I, wish you all a happy and safe Halloween, Kasi~ Full Summary: A serial killer's on the loose. The victims are all 5' to 5'7, brown eyes, long brown hair. To make matters worse four friends are being stalked. With letters, photos, phones calls and threats, will the stalker get too close? Is the stalker and the killer one in the same? What happens when tragedy strikes and the girls pay the ultimate price? Annual Halloween story, all human. Chapter 1 Stalker POV I will have her, no matter the cost. I watch her as she is doing her meaningless job, and it makes me smile. I've made sure she didn't receive the letters of other job offers; I need her to be in this meaningless profession. I enjoy watching her be a server, and I want her to soon be my server. I don't know what it is about her, but she will be mine and mine only. For now I will bide my time, but when the time is right she will relinquish all control to me. I continue to watch her do her meaningless job for a while as I think over how things will be soon. I look around – still feeling like someone is watching me, but I know I'm too smart for that. I figure I should go and eat now, so I make my way into The Coffee Shoppe. BPOV I think about my job as I clean the counter. I am twenty-one and have just completed my degree in elementary education, specializing in special education, just three months ago. Sadly, this job as a waitress at The Coffee Shoppe has been the only job I could find so far. Thanks to my good friend and roommate, Angela, I got this job. Angela just graduated as well, and her degree is in teaching: specializing in science. Angela has worked here since she started college, thankfully she got me hired here. The buzzer on the door alerts me to someone entering. I look up as a man the others call the creepy guy walks in. "Damn, he's sitting at one of my tables," Angela says with a sigh. "Do you want me to serve him, and you can take your break?" She sighs nodding. "Thanks, Bella," she says as she glances at the guy once more before running out. I pick up my notepad and pen and walk to the table, the whole time he's watching my every movement. I give a smile as I approach the table, where the creepy guy is sitting. "Hi, what can I get for you?" I ask him with my normal friendly waitress attitude. "Isn't this Angela's table?" "It is, but she's on her break, so I'm covering her tables for her, until she returns. So, what can I get for you, Sir?" "I'll have my usual, Bella." I nod at him, but feel a little uneasy over the fact he knew my nickname. The owners here use your given first name on your nametag; they say it helps keep the riff raff away. Somehow he knows I prefer to be called Bella. I know this is one of the reasons the others find him creepy, because without being told my nickname, he knew it. I walk away but still feel his eyes on my back. I make quick work at filling his order. I'm just about done when again the door buzzer sounds alerting me of another customer. I glance up seeing Sam walk in and I give him a smile. "Hi, baby," he says leaning over the counter to kiss me. "How are things going?" "Good, I just need to give this to a customer," I say walking back to the creepy guy's table with his food. This time I notice, he's not looking at me, but glaring at Sam. "Is there anything else, Sir?" I ask setting down his plate and cup. "Call me Edward," he says without looking my way. "Thanks, Edward, I'll be right over there. If you need anything, let me know." I shake my head as I walk back to Sam. I sit down and sigh, I've been on my feet all day and it's a killer. "Have you had lunch yet?" I shake my head at him and he frowns a little. "What's wrong?" he asks in a caring manner. "I've still not heard anything from that school I interviewed for – Sunflower." I pout a little lost in thought because the interview seemed to have gone extraordinarily well. "Anyway, what would you like to eat?" He tells me and I quickly make it and my own lunch. I check on creepy guy and see that he seems to just be watching people as they walk past the window. I still can't shake the feeling that he's still watching me. I shake it off and sit down at the table Sam got for us. "You know, baby, you could stop working here and move in with me. I could be your sugar daddy," he says wiggling his eyebrows at me. I chuckle and smile at him – this is one of the reasons I'm still with him after six months. I do care for Sam and he makes me smile, laugh, and by God he's good to me. And, let's not forget the bedroom stuff, that's been great, too. Sadly, I can't say that I love him, as in the kind a girl should have for a long-term, steady guy. I care about him, but no matter how much I wish I was, I'm not in love with him. I met Sam three years ago when I first came here to go to college. He has his own IT business and does cheap computer and laptop repairs for the students at the nearby colleges. I was a frequent visitor to his business, because technology and I just do not get along well. Anyway, we became friends and last year he asked me out. I turned him down, and things were a little awkward for a bit, but they seemed to sort themselves out. You may ask what changed for me to date him after that; well seven months ago, I was coming home and was attacked. I'm not sure what all happened, I just remember getting hit on the back of the head. I woke up in the hospital with Sam holding my hand. It turns out a homeless man named James was behind my attack. Sam was on his way home and saved me from getting badly beaten up in the process. I latched onto Sam after the attack and we fell into a dating relationship soon after. "I really liked Sunflower and the job is exactly what I have always wanted," I say sadly. "I am sorry, baby." I shrug a little. "What isn't for you will not hold you back, right?" "Right." "Sam, Bella," I hear suddenly and I jump turning to see the creepy guy, Edward, standing there. "Bella, I've left my payment on the table – keep the change." I nod not knowing what to say, and watch him with an open mouth as he walks out the door. "Do you know him?" I ask turning to Sam, after I find my voice. "Yes and no. He lives next door to me. You know the house that looks unlived in?" I know the house he's talking about – it always freaks me out, and I may know why, now. "It's a shame, really. That house could be really something nice, but it's rather run down right now. Okay, baby, I need to get back to work." He kisses my cheek as he stands. I clean the table and then move to creep-ward's table. I see he's left twenty dollars – that's like a thirteen dollar tip. I pick up the napkin seeing something is written on it. ' He watches her with overwhelming evil intent. Who will save her when the devil rages?' What kind of shit is this? I shake my head and drop the napkin onto the tray. I dump the trash into the garbage and hand the dishes to the dishwasher. "Sorry, Bella, Jessica called and I couldn't get her to shut up." I chuckle and nod at Angela. I know all too well what Jessica's like when she starts running off at the mouth. "She wants us to hit the nightlife tonight." As I nod at her to say that I'm in, Angela grins bouncing up and down. I have my little black dress on and my tallest stiletto heels. I'm just checking over my hair and makeup as Angela walks into our shared living room. "You look great, Bells," she says hugging me from behind. "Have you told Sam about going out tonight with us girls?" "Yeah, he said to be careful and call him if we have any problems," I sigh and nod. I hate that I feel as if I should tell him, because it's like seeking parental permission all over again. Angela and I used to hold a dinner party every other Friday, and then on the Saturday, we would go out to the bars. Ever since the attack I've found it hard to go out. It took Angela, Jessica and Lauren four months to talk me into having another dinner party at the apartment. After the dinner party, it was an additional month before I hit the bars with them. I have only had two dinner parties and been out once since the attack, but it's getting easier for me. As I think about it, I bite my lip starting to feel the uneasiness that has held me back. "Bella, don't worry, nothing will happen; we have rules now!" I nod knowing that after my experience, no matter how short a walk home it is, if one of us goes we all go together. If we're far from home, we always take a cab and try to get a female driver. "Come on, Bells, everyone will be waiting on us," Angela says linking her arm with mine as we walk out. It's a short walk to the first bar and I feel more relaxed by the time we enter. "Oh, Bella, I'm so glad you're here!" Jessica shrieks as she hugs me tight. "Come on, girls, I have shots waiting for us." She drags both Angela and me over to the table that she left Lauren guarding. After hugging Lauren, I sit down. "Here's to the Brownies," Jess says loudly raising her shot glass. Lauren, Jessica, Angela and I have all known each other since we started kindergarten. We became friends and were referred to as the Brownies by our classmates. We always hung out together and it was like we had our own little pack, not to mention we all have brown hair and eyes. The only big difference between us is I'm shorter than the other three girls by two inches. But when I have my high heels on, you can't really tell. We are three drinks and two shots in at the third bar and I'm starting to relax. "Hot guy, ten o'clock, checking you out, Angela," Lauren says on a giggle. Angela and I both turn to see a man around five-foot-ten, dark hair looking our way. "He's nice to look at," I say wiggling my brow at my friend