Little Hope "Third Place in the 'Life and Death' March 2016 Teitho competition" The boy hid behind elaborate marble pillars, his grey eyes huge, like saucers in his young face. He attempted to remain hidden - silent as a mouse - for he should not have wandered this far. Estel had been happily lopping around the great mansions of Imladris, bored and seeking adventure. Usually some elf would take pity on his plight, after all elves were full of interesting ideas and lessons...but not today. He had sought out Elrond's sons in the early morning, those two were his favoured entertainers and they nearly always had wonderfully mischievous plans. Sadly, he had learned from the stable boys that the twins had left in the night, and Estel had stood mournfully by the river banks longing for the day he could join them on their great quests. Unfortunately he was only a boy, and though he had great skill with a fancy dagger gifted to him by Elladan, he still wasn't entirely convinced he could face an orc or goblin just yet. Orcs! They were awfully ugly things. He had seen a dying orc once, he had watched as Elrohir wrung information from him, and he had shamefully hid behind Elladan's robes as he did. When the orc gargled and spat in his dying breaths -and Lord Elrond raised a merciful hand to have his son end the beasts suffering - Estel ran. He did not want to see death, or more so he did not wish to his adoptive brothers, who were always filled with mirth and joy, murder something. The grim and hate filled looks held in their eyes mirrored that of the orc's, and the darkness in all their souls had frightened the boy. One day he knew he would kill an Orc, but what if one day an Orc killed him? What if they stood around him with black eyes all filled with scathing hate, and stuck a rusted blade in his belly? No, he didn't much like that idea. His mother said monsters were always after him, and the elves would keep him safe - but what if the monsters got him? Death seemed empty and cruel, it was something one faced alone with no guarantee of waking up somewhere new. Estel always considered death when the twins went away, because when they did everyone seemed tense. Imladris became quiet, like it was waiting on bad news. Lord Elrond would take to his rooms, and his mother said he went to pray for his sons. The others, like Erestor or Lindir - his friends and teachers - they did not seem so jovial and would walk around with somber faces and speak in rooms in hushed voices. Estel had learned that this was worry, and everyone worried until their loved ones returned safe, because they might come home sick or hurt, or worse...sometimes they didn't come home at all. No one liked death, and everyone feared it...everyone but one; Lord Glorfindel. The very same elf that Estel had happened upon during his thoughtful stroll around the mansion. In his curiosity he had wandered into some previously unexplored rooms, and it would appear these rooms belonged to the eccentric and revered elf Lord. Chewing his bottom lip, the boy considered the irony of his discovery. On his day of consideration of death he had found the Balrog Slayer who did not die. The twins told him stories of Glorfindel, they said he had strong magic, and that he came back from death...the very thing everyone feared. To the young mortal child this being was far beyond his reach, and being so awed and frightened of the golden haired elf, Estel had chosen to hide when he was present - not that he was present much. Glorfindel spent many months abroad on secretive missions, and when he returned he spent much time in his rooms…the same rooms Estel had now entered uninvited. Glorfindel sat on an open window ledge, his eyes cast out over the valley, one knee cocked to rest his arm on and in his hand he played with a single white flower. Estel had hoped his presence and went unnoticed, and as he slowly attempted to back away he let a breath of relief escape his lips...a careless action indeed. "Do not be foolish boy," the elf Lord spoke evenly, his eyes not leaving the horizon, as Estel froze like a startled rabbit. There was a moment of silence before Glorfindel turned in the direction of the sound, leaning forward to peer around the pillar at the curly haired intruder. A smile broke the elf's expressionless face, and to Estel it seemed like the sun itself shone from about him making him more radiant and other-worldly than ever before. "I-I-I-" Estel stammered, his hands fidgeting at his sides and his eyes still wide with fright. Glorfindel only continued to smile, unnerving the child further. "I said...do not be foolish," Glorfindel repeated himself and gestured a hand to the free space beside him on the window ledge, and then to the small side table laden with buns, cakes, and to Estel's delight, toffees and candied fruits. The elf lord's smile widened further at the child's greedy look, so he simply tapped the ledge with his palm and said, "stay and feast with me...it would be foolish to miss out." Timidly, the boy shuffled into the room and perched politely opposite Glorfindel, who dutifully cut a whack of cake that could easily feed two grown men and handed it to the child. Estel could barely contain his happiness as he reached for the luxurious treat. "I never see the sense in denying oneself treats," Glorfindel sighed happily as he selected a delightful looking pastry and practically swallowed it whole. Licking the honey from his fingers, he turned to grin impishly at the child; "I find it completely nonsensical to wait until after dinner for cake when we can just have cake for dinner! Do you not agree little hope?" Estel grinned - a grin that was a mouthful of crumbly golden goodness and powered sugar. Glorfindel chuckled, delighted that he had at least one supporter to his theory. The elf sat quietly and patiently watched the boy eat his fill, only butting in every so often to inquire if he liked the icing, or if he wanted some more honey. When at last the two had finished, and the plate of delicious sweets was nothing more but ravaged crumbs and decimated crusts, Glorfindel decided to question his surprise visitor. "So, little hope, what brings you so deep into the mansions this fine day?" He asked as he observed the now relaxed child in his midst. "Should you not be out in the gardens, hunting toads and slaying dragons?" "There was no one to hunt or slay with," Estel sighed, twitching a little at the implied words. His brothers were hunting and slaying elsewhere, and not just in pretend. "Ah, well that is most unfortunate," Glorfindel mused as he eyed the boy with curiosity, intrigued by the worry in his little face. He was so young to know such fear, so very young to be so very cautious. Crossing his arms about his chest, the elf settled back against the arch of the window-frame and considered his next words carefully. "It is not always easy to enjoy oneself when fear is close by...do not worry my friend, Elrond's sons will return to us soon, 'tis not their time to leave us yet." "How do you know that?" Estel asked suspiciously, his eyes narrowing at the strange elf who merely grinned confidently back. "Because I know," Glorfindel replied rather unhelpfully and to this Estel rolled his eyes, amusing the elf further. "Do you not know who I am, little hope? Have you not heard the stories?" "I have," the boy murmured, flinching a little at the thought. "Then do you not think I would know if death was near?" The question took the boy off guard, and timidly he looked up at the radiant elf to find a sad but wise look in his eyes. Suddenly, Estel did not think he was sitting in the presence of a mere elf but something more, though his mind was too young to know of what he was. All Estel knew was in the moment he had peace, an assurance that the twins would come home safe and well, and that worry was needless. "Are you not frightened of death?" Estel asked in his new found calm. He was curious to know why Glorfindel was so able to resist the fear of the one thing that seemed to haunt everyone else? He would have thought that dying, and so knowing death, would make the fear worse...but perhaps he was wrong? Glorfindel studied the boy carefully for a long moment, before glancing away into the horizon again... did he not fear death? It was a good question, a sensible one, a question no one had dared ask him because everyone was too frightened to know of death. The funny thing was he did not really remember his death, he remembered life... ...He remembered the sun was hot on his bare back, and he had groaned quietly into the grainy sand. It hurt… pain? Pain seemed like a distant memory and yet, in this moment, it was all too brutally close...heat, and pain, and burning. He writhed in the memory until a clarity came to his thoughts. The unmistakable far off notes of a miraculous symphony. His heart stuttered in his chest...the memories...so vivid...so binding. He passed, through fire and shadow - his end had been mercifully quick. Then time fragmented into nothing but glittering light - like looking through crystal. He wondered then, if this was what happened when the flesh of ones body disintegrated leaving the spirit free to escape into the wind...a westward wind that would carry his fate. The air tinkled around him, or through him, or was him - he was not sure which - and it sang like whispering chimes. The sound was peaceful and calming. In it he forgot much of what was, and he rested in its lullaby. The light held him in repose for a time. A time long, enough to let Arien rise and set upon the lost shadows of Gondolin. Long enough to allow Tilion to sail the skies turning the name of his home into a dream. A time for the trees of the world to grow tall, and new rivers to reshape the land. A time for elves to lessen and men to grow proud. He rested long, but time did not change him nor did it touch him until the appointed hour. On that hour he was given his sight to see and his hearing to comprehend. Yet it was not as it was; such sight and hearing was not of him. He saw great things, lands he had never beheld, voices he could not understand. He saw Arda as it was now and as he remembered. He saw all that had come before and after he had dwelt there, but he also sensed a flavour of what could come, and his heart grieved for the people of the world he had called home. When all this was through, the soft tinkling music grew greater so that it became a symphony of song made up of all the voices of life. The sound wrought him undone, for in it was a note he had never heard and it was the greatest chord that sang through all, bringing all together, and making all beautiful. He was subject to the wishes of that one sound, recognising it above all others as the authority of all living things. Eru Illuvatar. The voice of the Father of all spoke to his spirit in its majestic note. The great voice of the One roused his