Okay, so this is a sequel to my other story, but that story isn't finished yet. Actually, I'm only done 2 chapters so far. So I just thought I might as well write this story first, and then make The Son of Pain and Suffering as a prequel. So, yeah. It's just cause I find it much easier to write this story than the other one. So please criticize me. I'm probably gonna need it. Rick owns most characters, so, yeah Today sucked. I was dealing with the break up with Annabeth, the memories of Tartarus, the disappearance of my half sister, and the nightmares. Last nights was the worst, by far. I dreamed that I had killed the new Athena girl, Megan. She was only six and got here two months ago after her parents had died. I felt like a big brother to her. She and Lisa had become great friends over the summer. I was walking, well more like shuffling, to the dining pavilion when my friend/therapist, Daithian, ran up to me. "Hey Percy, how was last night?" "Good, I think the nightmares are stopping." I lied. I didn't want him worrying about me, even though I know he was just trying to help. He had gone through Tartarus with Annabeth and I, plus he had stayed back to close the doors of death AND fight Tartarus himself. He was also having nightmares like me, but he was dealing with it better. He looked like he didn't believe me. "Really? Cause I think you were sleep walking last night again." I groaned. I had begun to sleepwalk a few weeks ago around the same time Lisa had gone missing. "I'm sure I'm ok." I told him, and to end the conversation, I turned and kept on my path to breakfast. After breakfast, I decided to go to the sword arena to take my mind of things. As I was walking I noticed Nico and a few other people poking around my cabin. I was going to go ask them what they were doing but then, I saw that Annabeth was with them, and I just lost all my motivation. I got to the arena and pulled out Riptide and started hacking away at the dummies. After a few minutes and 3 mangled dummies later, I heard a terrified scream. 'Hermes cabin must have pulled a pretty scary prank for a scream like that' I thought. I started putting up another dummy when I heard the rattling of swords and the sound of footsteps, lots of footsteps. I turned and found that pretty much the entire camp was standing at the entrance of the arena, being led by none other than Annabeth. Her eyes were bloodshot from crying, but she looked murderous. "HOW COULD YOU!" She yelled with such ferocity that I took a step back. "What?" I asked, honestly confused. This time, Thalia walked up shaking. "Don't play innocent, Jackson! She was your sister, He was my brother! THEY WERE JUST CHILDREN!" I was getting scared now. My sister? She couldn't be talking about Lisa, could she? "What do you mean? Does this have to do with Lisa?" I asked. But saying that only seemed to make everyone angrier. Before I could blink I found myself lying on the ground with the smell of ozone in the air. "What the Hades Thalia?!" I yelled. She dare shock me? What could I have done? "Don't you talk to her that way!" Jason screamed back. "I don't know how you could've killed them, Percy. They were your family." Nico muttered sadly. His eyes were also bloodshot. Now I'm not the fastest or smartest person out there, but even I could put 2 and 2 together. "You think that I killed Lisa?" I asked, anger clear in my voice. "We KNOW you killed her, Percy. Plus all those other kids!" Connor Stoll said with venom in his words. "Yeah, did you have help slaughtering them?" Troll questioned. Were they implying that Lisa was dead? "I didn't kill anyone!" I yelled back. Then, Daithian came running into the arena behind me. "What is going on here?" He asked. Annabeth looked at him. "So this is the help you had killing them, isn't he?" She questioned. "Killing who?" Daithian said, sounding just as confused as I was. "Why, did something happen?" The only response he got though was a blast of fire from Leo. It engulfed his entire body and some of the younger campers screamed. But when the fire receded, it revealed a pissed looking Daithian. "STOP LYING! WE KNOW YOU KILLED THEM! Lisa, Megan, Jack, Carlin, Theo, Sarah, they're all dead because of YOU!" Hazel screamed. I just looked at the ground. Were they saying that they were all dead? Lisa, my half-sister, Megan, my adopted sister, Jack, my annoying little cousin, Carlin, my innocent cousin, all dead? Annabeth took out her knife and pointed it at me. "How could you Percy? They had so much to live for," she whispered. Daithian then stood in front of me, like a bodyguard. "Now I don't know what your talking about, but I will NOT let you hurt my only friend." Daithian growled. I smiled a bit at this, I didn't have many people I could call friends now days. The people from the Prophecy of the Seven looked hurt, but then Thalia charged, knifes out for a fight. Daithian summoned his own weapon, Αντάρα, or otherwise known as Mayhem, in sword mode. He swung, aiming for her legs, but she jumped and swiped at his chest. It hit, but all it did was bounce of like rain off of concrete. Daithian stumbled back and Thalia used this to her advantage, she kicked off his thigh which caused him to fall on his knees, and she threw one of her knives at his head, hoping to knock him out. Daithian raised his sword and deflected it off, causing it to just barely hit his head. The knife came flying at me and I leaned to the side and watched it pass and hit the wall. Thalia growled and continued her attack. No one dared to get involved in the fight. After a few more minutes of Daithian and Thalia fighting, and me stopping the odd few campers who snuck past their fight to fight me, I heard the sound of hooves clopping on pavement. "STOP THIS AT ONCE!" Chiron yelled. He was being followed by Frank, Luke, Bianca and Reyna. His usually, calm and collected manner was now him looking like he was about to kill someone, and considering what everyone else was doing right now, he wasn't the only one. Daithian turned to look at Chiron, and Thalia used this time to strike. She threw another knife at his head. But this time, no sword was there to stop it. It clipped the inside of his ear and, to everyone's shock, caused a little cut, not even as bad as a paper cut. It was dead silent as a little drop of red liquid hit the ground. Daithian froze, and then fell to the ground and started having a seizure. Thalia had hit his Achilles heel. Everything was dead silent. Thalia looked surprised but also, triumphant. That made my blood boil. The first one to move was Chiron. He trotted up to Daithian and knelt down, putting his hand on Daithian's chest. "He needs ambrosia," Chiron said. No one moved, me from shock, but others looked angry at the prospect. When Chiron saw that no one was moving, he looked agitated. "Well? GO!" He yelled. I turned and started running towards the Big House but I was blocked by Luke, Bianca and Frank. "What are you guys doing? He's going to DIE!" I screamed in their faces. Reyna was the only one who looked apologetic. "And why shouldn't we let him die?" Bianca asked, sounding sad. I was shocked. She was just going to let him suffer in pain, after all he's done? "What are you doing?" Chiron asked incredulously. "Why should we save him. We know he and Percy killed all those kids. Daithian was seen walking with Carlin last night, and Percy with Megan. And guess where they were found? Dead, underneath HIS cabin!" Piper shrieked, pointing a finger at me. "I was NOT walking with Megan last night!" I yelled. Didn't she know I was 'visiting' my mother last night? Everybody had their swords out now and were pointing them at me and the spazzing body of Daithian on the ground. I took out Riptide and was ready for a fight. "Stop this madness! There must be a fair-" Chiron was cut off by two bright flashes of light. Standing in front of me stood Hermes and Apollo. "Lord Hermes, Lord Apollo," Chiron said, bowing his head respectfully. I, albeit grudgingly, followed his actions, along with everyone else. Apollo went over to Daithian and put his hand on his stomach, and they flashed out. "Where are you taking him?" I asked Hermes. He looked at me and sneered. "The same place you will go, filth. I am here with a message from Zeus," at this, we all looked up. "All senior campers are to come to Olympus, including, Bianca Di Angelo, Luke Castellan, Reyna Ramírez-Arellano, Frank Zang, Hazel Levesque and Thalia Grace." He said this within the span of a few seconds, causing some people, including me, to shake their heads of the overload of information. Then in the blink of an eye, we were all standing in the throne room of Olympus. We were standing in the middle of the room. Everyone started walking to their respective parents, but when I tried to move, I found I was chained to the floor. I looked at Poseidon, but he wouldn't meet my eyes. "Where is the other one, Daithian." Athena spat, as if the name would cause a plague. "Apollo is going to make sure he lives long enough to suffer." Artemis said with glee. A flash filled the room. Apollo came in helping a very sick looking Daithian. The second his feet touched the ground, Apollo dropped him. I just now saw why he looked so sick. The entire left side of his face was purple and bruised, and his ear looked almost black, with blue veins showing through the skin. His hair was bleach white. "Good, now the trial can begin." "PERCEUSE JACKSON," Zeus boomed, causing the throne room to shake. "You, along with Daithian Kaldo, have been accused of being a spy for Gaea and the murder of Lisa Smyth, Daughter of Poseidon, Jack Hazton, Son of Zeus, Carlin Saton, Daughter of Hades, Megan Wilker, Daughter of Athena, Theo Layton, Huntress of Artemis, Sarah Demin-Castro, Daughter of Hephaestus, Callem Dunn, Son of Demeter, Liam McIntyre, Son of Hermes, Olivia Christon, Daughter of Aphrodite, Mathew Birmson, Son of Ares, Dayton Semre, Daughter of Apollo, and John Cenatre, Son of Bacchus." They couldn't really believe I was a spy, a murderer, could they? I killed Gaea! But looking around the room, I found my answer. "Dad? You don't believe this, right?" I was expecting him to say 'of course I don't! This is all just a prank' and then there would be a party, but instead he just looked at me with sad, bloodshot eyes, but a stone hard face. "No, I do believe this Percy." His voice was hoarse, but those few words destroyed me. My own father believed I was a murderer, a spy. "Do the accused have any defence?" Zeus asked, sounding almost amused at the prospect. Daithian moved, he lifted his body off the ground, and looked Zeus right in the eyes. "Yes. What is the evidence that we have committed these crimes?" He tried to look strong, and confident, but anyone who has known him for a few days could tell he was scared, and who wouldn't be? I was terrified that