A special thanks to my beta, TitaRitter, who is sticking out another story with me, and to Kris for your great advice and pre-reading skills. For all you readers that have been with me since Black Diamond, and to those of you that are new … thanks for being here. Now … Let's meet the players of this story CHAPTER 1: Edward is always running late, and this morning will be no exception. The fact that he arrived home at three o'clock in the morning doesn't help either. Crashing into his bed fully clothed, reeking of perfume and Chivas, he passes out immediately. Rolling over, he cringes at the annoying beeping sound in his head. Realizing it's the alarm, he reaches for his phone to turn off the irritating noise. Giving himself a long, full-body stretch, he grins to himself, thinking he's smarter than the average male at having set his alarm before even going out for the evening. Carefully sitting up, he warily places his feet on the floor and waits for the pounding to begin … it doesn't take long. Opting for a hot shower before coffee, he staggers to his en suite and turns on four of the eight shower heads, waiting for some relief to set in. Throwing his head back, he leans against the tiled wall to keep his balance, inwardly moaning at the pleasure the hot water gives him as it rolls down his body. "Fuck!" he says to himself. "I'm getting too old for this shit." Feeling somewhat better, he slips into a comfortable pair of jeans, a deep V T-shirt and then looks in the mirror. He admonishes himself for another hit and run night with a brunette he met at Emmett's party. Foregoing the shave, he finger-combs a light gel into his hair, brushes his teeth then pads on bare feet to the kitchen for a much-needed cup of coffee. Dropping a K-cup into his Keurig, he smiles at the instant gratification and takes a sip of the hot brew. Looking at his watch, he picks up his cell to listen to his voicemail messages he ignored the previous night. " Edward, I have a new project for you. Stop by the office in the morning so we can go over it. They only want you, so get your ass in here." At the age of twenty nine, Edward Cullen has become a highly sought-after photographer that has made his name as one of the few that will place himself in the most notorious and dangerous war zones in the world. His photographs depict the reality of war and are often featured in National Geographic and TIME . As Edward's agent, it's Jasper Whitlock's job to book these projects. Smirking at Jasper's message, not happy that this will mean another few months away when he has just arrived home, he picks up his cell to return his friend's call. "Edward, good to see you're alive," Jasper says upon answering his phone. "Barely," he replies, taking a sip of coffee while thumbing through his mail. "What's this about a new job? I told you I wanted to take a break after this last one, Jazz. I need a fucking break, man." "I know … I know, but you will like this one, buddy. It's in Cairo. As in Egypt? You love Egypt, remember?" "Aria," Edward whispers. "Yes, Aria. You said you would move heaven and earth to be with her again and here's your chance. The job starts in three days. I can have the same hotel booked for you, just give me the word," Jasper says, ready to make the call. Edward sits down hard on the bar stool next to him recalling the beauty with long black hair and bronzed skin. He knew that if he saw her again, his heart would no longer belong to him. It's been nearly a year since he last saw her, but they've been in contact through Facebook and an occasional text. His job doesn't allow him much personal time to keep a very long distance relationship going. "Let me call you back, Jazz. I'll let you know." "Edward, I need to know now. They won't wait," Jasper says, sitting up fearing Edward might pass on this job. It means a lot of money for both of them. "I'll call you back!" Edward retorts angrily. After he hangs up, he begins pacing, not sure if he should do this. He fell for her once, and it took a lot for him to leave her then. He's not sure he could do it again. He picks up his phone and makes the call. He needs to know. "Aria, it's Edward," he says when he hears her sweet 'hello'. "Oh my God, Edward. How are you? It has been a long time," she says in the accent that causes his dick to twitch. He has always loved the sound of her voice. "It has. I hope you are well?" "I am. A lot has happened since I last saw you, Eddie," she says timidly. She is the only person he's ever allowed to call him that, but the way she says it sounds warm and comforting. "Oh, yeah?" "Yes. I … well, I have married and we are expecting our first child next month." Edward falls silent at her words. He knows that she should be married. She is the kind of woman that would make a wonderful wife to any man and a good mother to their children. She is simply marriage material. "I'm happy for you, Aria. I really am. You will make a wonderful mother. I just wanted to call to say hello and to see how you were since we haven't spoken in so long. I was away in Brazil covering the upheaval there and only just returned when I read about the unrest there. I wanted to make sure you were all right," he says, running his hand through his already messy hair. "Yes, my husband he is English and has a home in London, so we have relocated there temporarily until it is safe to return again. I am happy to hear you are well and have safely returned to your home, Edward." "Thank you, Aria. It was good talking to you again. Congratulations on your marriage and the upcoming birth of your child." Edward pauses and knows this will be the last time he will ever speak to her again. "I guess this is goodbye, Aria. I … I … take care of yourself." "Thank you, Edward. You as well." After hanging up, Edward quickly crosses his large living room to the bar and pours himself a Chivas drinking the double shot in one mouthful, slamming the glass on the counter. Knowing it's too early, he pours himself another. "Fuck it!" he says, swallowing the burning liquid down his throat. Well, that's that. Picking up his cell, he calls Jasper back to deliver the news. "Wow, that didn't take long," Jasper says upon answering. "Yeah, well, it didn't take long to decide that I'm not doing it. Give it to Uley. Sam's always willing to take my seconds," he says pouring another double. "What's wrong, Edward?" The silence is deafening and Jasper asks again. "She's married." Edward looks into his glass before allowing the amber liquid to flow over his tongue. "Oh, fuck," Jazz says quietly. "Yep, and she's pregnant … due next month." "I'm sorry, man." "Yeah, well, Aria is a woman that should be married … to have a man around to take care of her. She deserves that … not some fuck that can't sit still for five fucking minutes." "Will you be okay, buddy?" Jasper asks his friend, concerned. "Yeah. I'll be fine after I kick myself in the ass for letting that beautiful woman go. It's my fucking fault. I'm just glad I had the opportunity to know her. I will never regret her." "I'll check the books to see what else I can come up with." Edward can hear his agent tap on the keyboard as he searches for another job to keep his mind off of Aria when Edward speaks up. "No, Jazz, I wasn't fucking around when I said I needed time off. I've worked for the last year with a break. I need a fucking break. I'm going to travel north and take some pictures in a few days. But right now, I'm going to head uptown and get a workout in with Emmett." "Okay, Edward. No jobs for a few weeks, at least. Are we still on for tomorrow? Em wants to try out that new club that just opened around the corner and I told him we'd go." "Sure. After the blow I've just received, I can use a night out. I'll meet you there at nine o'clock, all right?" "See you then," Jasper says. After Edward disconnects the call and sets the phone on the counter, he walks through the living room to the large window that overlooks the groomed neighborhood park. Shaking his head, he runs up the stairs to slip into his boots and rushes out the door to meet Emmett at the gym, looking forward to a good workout. ~.~ "Bella, hurry, the contractor will be there any minute and he will be pissed if he can't tear down that wall today. He wanted to do it yesterday." Alice holds the door open waiting for Bella who is more focused on what she's reading on her cell. "I'm coming, Alice, I'm coming." Bella finishes reading and slips her phone into her oversized bag and picks up the pace to appease Alice. "What time is it?" "Eight fifteen; he'll be there at eight thirty." Both women quickly walk the three blocks to Swan Gallery, barely making it in time to open the door before the contractors arrive. "Jesus, Alice. It's only eight thirty and they reek already. Don't men shower anymore?" Bella asks, seeking the sanctuary of her office to avoid the stench. "Tell them that if they want to keep this job, they will shower before coming to work tomorrow or I will find someone that will." "Bella, how do I tell them that?" Alice asks, shocked at her employer's request. "You say, ' Boys, you will arrive at Swan Gallery clean and showered in the morning or don't come back .' Simple." "They do stink don't they?" The look on Bella's face says it all, and when Alice walks out into the soon-to-be gallery, her eyes begin to burn. With new incentive, she completes her first task of the day with the assurance they will be back tomorrow. "Alice, I just got a call and my furniture won't be delivered until Sunday. It was to be delivered today, but the leather couch and matching love seat didn't come in with the other things. Do you mind if I camp out at your place for a few more days?" Bella gives Alice an apologetic look, hoping it won't be an inconvenience for her. "Of course not, Bella. You know you're welcome for as long as you need," Alice consents. "This works out perfectly because Rosalie has an invite to the new club opening up around the corner. We can all go. It will be fun." "I don't know, Alice. I have so much to do getting this gallery going. I still have Chicago to finish up." "And that's why you need some down time, boss. You haven't taken a day off in over three years. You need to get out and let your hair down. When's the last time you had sex?" "With another person?" Bella asks her friend who is now laughing and nodding her head. "Fuck, I can't even remember. I don't have time for that, Alice. I don't want to get attached to a man either, by heart or by cock. It's quicker, easier and safer if I just fuck myself