So this was inspired by Dollhouses by Melanie Martinez. She's absolutely amazing, and you should all check her out. I also just love Kellan Lutz in general, and wanted to write about him. Hahaha. Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, or the title, only the story and any mistakes. He had been watching her. Ever since he had moved here, he had been watching her. She was gorgeous. She was entrancing. She was almost perfect. She was a doll, and she was all sorts of broken on the inside. The first time Emmett McCarty ever saw Rosalie Hale he knew that he would go through all kinds of hell trying to get her. She was walking down the hallway, next to two other girls that he later found out were her two best friends; or at least, her two best friends for everyone else to see. The longer he watched her, the more he realized that she didn't actually have friends, not anyone that really knew her. Rosalie had been living in this town all her life, and the Hale's were known to everyone, they were sort of a big deal. Her mother had probably experimented with every kind of plastic surgery and breast implant there was out there, and her father had probably experimented with every secretary under the age of twenty-four out there. He was the director of the towns biggest company, and employed almost every parent of the kids they went to school with. Emmett had moved here because his mother had passed away and he was moving in with his aunt. It was because of his mother that he knew Rosalie was faking it, was just putting on a front to everyone. It was because of the way she smiled that he recognized the tightness in her cheeks and the way she tried to force her eyes to match her mouth. He recognized it because it was the exact same face that he had practiced in the mirror, every day, before he walked out the door. His mother was an alcoholic, and she was abusive when she drank. Her liver was what finally gave out on her, she had been waiting a long time for a transplant, but alcoholics didn't get classed as a high priority on the waiting list. Despite the fact that it had always been the two of them against the world, they weren't close. Emmett had learnt a long time ago that he had to depend on himself—except when his Aunt Esme Cullen came around. She always fluffed around him, made him feel special, remembered his birthday and sent him money on a regular basis. He loved his Aunt, and he got on well with his Uncle Carlisle Cullen. They didn't have kids so they spoilt him. And, as cruel as it sounded, his mother passing away and leaving them as his legal guardians was the best thing that had happened to him. He felt safer. His grades got better. He was happier. But he was still just as aware of his surroundings as before. And it wasn't hard for him to pick up the one girl worth paying attention to in his new school. Not that other girls weren't nice. It was a reasonably wealthy neighbourhood, and the school was one of the best around, but that didn't mean everyone was snobby and stuck up. His aunt and uncles neighbour, Edward Masen, was his age and they struck up a friendship, and he introduced him to his friends and he liked them well enough. He joined the soccer team, because he had always been good at the sport, although because it was their second to last year at school, he ended up only as a reserve. He was okay with that, though, because sometimes he still got put on the field, and he had fun with the rest of the boys. Rosalie was also a cheerleader—the head cheerleader, to be specific—and so that helped too. They practiced the same time as the soccer team, and they were at every game, even the away ones, so he got to see her dancing around in the tiny little skirt and that made things very okay. She always had this smile on her face, and acted as though throwing the pom poms in the air and yelling out chants was what she wanted to do, but when they moved to get a drink or come over and talk to the boys at half time, that smile disappeared. Edward's girlfriend, Isabella Swan, was also at most of the games, although she wasn't on the cheerleading squad. She was friends with one of the girls on the newspaper, Alice Brandon, who walked around with a perpetual grin on her face. Emmett made a mental note that Rosalie seemed to actually enjoy talking to Bella Swan, more than the girls that she pretended were her best friends when she was walking the corridors at school. "Yo, McCarty!" Jasper Whitlock shouted from where he was standing next to his girlfriend, Alice, the one that Bella was friends with. "You coming to the party tonight?" Emmett looked over at the boy and grinned. "Yeah, of course," he replied with a nod. "See you there, man," Jasper gave a mock salute with a grin before throwing his arm around his girlfriend and heading off the field, his uniform jacket hooked over one finger and thrown over his shoulder. Emmett always went to the after parties; they were fun, and he had a good time with the boys, but he never got drunk. He had never been drunk and something made him think that maybe he never would be, given his experiences with alcohol from childhood with his mother. He showered once he got home, and had dinner with his Aunt Esme. Carlisle had been called away after there was an accident on the freeway, and Emmett asked her if she wanted him to stay home, so that she didn't need to be alone on a Saturday night. "Oh, you sweet boy," Esme shook her head and smiled at him, ruffling his hair affectionately. "I'm going to sit down with a glass of wine and the latest episode of Orange is The New Black . I'm not alone. I'm going to be fine." "If you're sure..." Emmett still looked uncertain. "Go!" Esme urged him with a laugh. "You can take my car," she tossed him the keys to her car. He gave her a kiss on the cheek before leaving. It was just after eight, and the party wouldn't be starting properly for a few more hours. But it was at Jasper's house, so some of the boys would already there, as well as Alice and Bella. He drove over, parking down the street so that he wouldn't risk getting boxed in by arrivals after him, and was able to get out easily to go home. He had slipped into a pair of jeans and a simple white tee-shirt that he had had to admit, made his arms look pretty damn good, although you couldn't see them giving he had a jacket over the top. "Emmett! Man, you're here!" Edward yelled as Emmett walked up the driveway to the house. "Are you already drunk?" Emmett laughed as he saw the way Edward was holding on tightly to Bella's waist. "No!" Edward protested. " Yes ," Bella corrected with a laugh. "That didn't take you long at all," Emmett reached the house and held out his hand. Edward slapped it in a greeting and then the three of them turned to go back into the house. There was some music going, but it wasn't too loud—nowhere near as loud as it was going to get as the night went on. It also wasn't the typical party bumping stuff, something a little more rock, which he appreciated, even though he knew that was going to change as more people arrived. "Emmett!" Jasper was standing in his kitchen, measuring out some drinks before sliding over the counter to Alice, and the other to Rosalie. Emmett smiled at the two girls, although his eyes lingered on Rosalie, practically skimming straight over Rosalie. "You want a drink?" He asked. "Got any Ginger Beer?" Emmett asked. "Just for you, my man," Jasper grinned at him, nodding to the fridge. Emmett appreciated that they never pressured him into drinking. They always asked, but they knew the story of his mother, and they respected his decision to abstain. He pulled out a bottle of Ginger Beer and ripped off the tap, throwing it into the bin and then taking a long drink. Alice leaned in and whispered something to Rosalie, and then both of the girls started laughing. This was the real Rosalie. Giggling and her shoulders slouched, her expression looking free and happy. But that would all change; give it a few hours. "Rose! Babe!" Came a call from the doorway and Emmett sighed, realizing that it wasn't going to be a few hours. It was going to be now. "Hi, Tanya," Rosalie straightened up, the smile slipping from her face as she nodded at her friend. "Have you seen Royce?" Tanya Denali asked, her gaze skimming around the room. "I don't think he's here yet," Rosalie replied, her lips tightening at the corners. Emmett never took his eyes off her, catching every micro-expression that flitted across her face. Royce King—Royce King the Second , he mentally corrected himself, because he was a douche and never let people forget that he came from a good bloodline—was Rosalie's sometime boyfriend. Or at least, that was the story that went around. Emmett never actually saw them acting like a couple. He more saw Royce strutting around and acting as though he owned Rosalie. She never looked happy when she was with him, and whenever Emmett had seen them kiss in public, she always looked as though she was just waiting for him to move back so that she could wash out her mouth. Emmett didn't understand why she kept up whatever charade she had with him, but then again, he didn't really know Rosalie Hale. It was a couple of hours later, before he saw her again. It was around eleven thirty, and almost everyone was drunk. So far, the only exceptions that Emmett had come across was himself and Bella, who was attempting to keep Edward on his feet as well as handling a very drunk and flighty Alice. Emmett laughed as Alice flung her arms out, spinning around the lounge so that her short skirt flipped up and flared outward, showing off the lacy purple underwear she was wearing. There was something incredible about Alice; she just didn't give a shit about what people thought of her. Rosalie was with Tanya and Irina Grace, the three of them standing at the front of the lounge with drinks in their hands. Tanya was laughing and swaying her hips, sending flirty looks around the room, mainly directed at Royce who was standing with a couple of his buddies. Irina was playing the bored and above it all card, studying her nails and rolling her eyes. Rosalie was just drunk. Extremely drunk. And unhappy. Emmett's eyes followed her as she said something to the two girls and then made her way across the lounge, toward the kitchen. He was about to follow after her when someone bumped his elbow. He turned to see Jasper standing there, a beer in his hand. "You kinda look a little creepy, ya know?" Jasper noted. "What are you on about?" Emmett laughed. "Watching her," Jasper stated. "You're always watching her." Emmett's smile dropped from his face and he swallowed hard. "Oh, you noticed that, aye?" Jasper just laughed. "You're kidding, right? I'm pretty sure everyone's noticed it!" He replied. Emmett cringed and looked down at the bottle in his hand. Jasper's smile fell and he frowned, reaching forward to punch Emmett lightly on the