This one is for my girl FrenchBenzo, who is absolutely incredible and supportive. The song is Problem by Natalia Kills. Disclaimer: I do not own the song or the characters, only the story and the mistakes. Edward Masen had known Isabella Swan since he was...About seven. She was the girl who lived down the street who wore her hair in pigtails and always had knee high socks on. That was because she practically lived and breathed soccer. She was good at it as well, she was the captain of the school team, and every afternoon that she didn't have official practice, she would practice with her mum in the backyard. She was funny, and she had lots of friends; everyone liked her. Then her mum, Renee Dwyer—then Swan, had walked out on them. And Bella had changed. She had never played soccer again. The light brown, almost blonde streaked hair was gone, and she dyed it darker, almost black. It suited her, surprisingly, even though she had quite a pale face. It made her look older. She started wearing make up, and she wasn't...She wasn't nice. She started skipping school, and in their last year, she was suspended for three days for smoking behind the gym. Charlie Swan, her father, and the Chief of Police in their town, tried to pull her out of her funk, but nothing seemed to work. She was still friends with Rosalie Hale, who she had been friends with since she was younger, but they weren't as close as they used to be. She had started hanging out with Alice Brandon, who was a little different, and had been suspended with her for smoking. There was also this guy Jacob Black that she seemed to be dating on and off through high school, although Edward didn't know all that much about him, because he didn't come to their school. Or maybe they weren't dating, but they seemed to be together all of the time. When Edward was picking out a University, he wanted somewhere that was completely opposite of Forks, Washington. And so he chose the University of California, where it was sunny and people wore board shorts and sandals. And it seemed like fate that Bella ended up there as well. "Masen!" Came a shout from behind him, and he looked up from where he was leaning against the concrete railing and texting his cousin, Emmett McCarty. He was surprised to find Bella walked toward him, wearing a pair of cut of denim shorts which left her long legs on full display, a cropped white singlet and a flannel tee-shirt over the top, completely unbuttoned. Her hair was still dyed the darker colour, but it looked lighter than it had when they were back in school, and she looked happier, her fingers hooked under the straps of her backpack that was over her shoulders and a small smile on her face. "Swan," Edward couldn't help the grin that spread over his face. "What a coincidence." "You sure you're not stalking me?" Bella tilted her head to the side and quirked an eyebrow at him. He was a little thrown off balance by that, but she gave him a teasing smirk. "I guess I'll be seeing you around a bit for the next few years then, aye?" "I've always been around, Bella," he reminded her lightly. "Yeah, I know," Bella grinned at him. She looked like she was going to say something more, but then there was a call from across the quad and she looked over, squinting in the sun. "Okay, well, I'll catch you later, yeah?" Edward nodded and she took off at a jog across the quad. He watched her go, and then frowned slightly when he realized it was Jacob, the guy she was always with over the past few years. The guy bent down to kiss her on the forehead, and then they walked off together, his arm thrown over her shoulder. Edward couldn't help but frown at that. Two weeks later, there was a party that Edwards new room mate, Jasper Whitlock, had invited him too. Even though they were only two months into school, Edward was already swamped with home work, and every minute he had spent away from his lectures, had been spent either in his room or in the library studying. Jasper seemed to be handling University life better, and still juggled a social life, and he had been adamant that Edward come to this party tonight. "I'm not drinking," Edward repeated for the hundredth time as they walked down the street, toward the house where the party was. "You need to let go, man," Jasper shook his head. "You're too focussed, too uptight." "You realize I'm studying to become a doctor, right? That required pretty much all my energy." "But you're not going to be a doctor for years," Jasper smirked as he threw an arm around his shoulders. "So for now, you can just chill out, enjoy yourself. We'll find you some pretty girl who can distract for the night, and then tomorrow you can go back to being a total fucking nerd." Edward snorted and rolled his eyes. "What, you don't want a pretty girl?" "There's only one girl I've had my eye on," Edward muttered. "I didn't know you had a girlfriend!" Jasper looked surprised. "Shit, she must be one a kind, to be completely okay with you ignoring her to spend all the time with your nose in those books." "She's not my girlfriend," Edward replied. Jasper raised a questioning eyebrow, and looked as though he was about to reply, but then there were a couple of girls running out to meet them. They were all clearly drunk already, and they knew Jasper, throwing their arms around him and showering him in kisses. Edward let out a laugh at the grin on Jasper's face, following after the trio as they made their way up to the house. It was almost eleven, and the party was in full swing. There were people spilling out the front door and music was playing so loud it was almost making the walls vibrate. The minute he stepped into the house, he was having red solo cups shoved in his direction. In the end, he took one, just so people would stop handing them to him. "Maybe just one drink?" Jasper joked with him lightly. "I don't think so," Edward muttered, looking down into the cup. It was a brown frothy liquid, and it looked as though two or three different types of alcohol had been mixed to get it to the state it was in now. "What the fuck is this anyway?" "Come on!" Jasper laughed, slapping him on the shoulder. "Have some fun. Let go." "Edward's never been like that," said a familiar voice from behind them. Edward spun around to see Bella standing there, grinning at the pair of them. "I don't think I ever saw him get drunk at a high school party." "Oh really?" Jasper quirked an eyebrow as he looked between Edward and Bella. "How boring." "Maybe between the pair of us we can break the status quo," she grinned and held out her cup to him. Edward stared at him for a long moment, before putting down the cup in his own hand and taking the one from her, purposefully staring at her as he lifted it to his lips and downed whatever was in there. The drink definitely tasted better than whatever had been in his own cup, and it was easy to finish, but it was strong, and he straight away felt it in his head. Bella smirked and then nodded at Jasper, before disappearing into the throngs of people. Edward turned to Jasper, who laughed. "Not drinking, aye?" He mocked him. Edward didn't drink anything else as the night went on, but the first drink held enough to give him a bit of a buzz. Jasper introduced him to a couple of girls, and also to a few boys who were in classes with him. They seemed like good guys, and the girls were all pretty and nice enough, but they didn't distract him from looking for Bella every couple of minutes. He saw her once or twice, looking a whole lot different from when they were in high school. Which was a good thing. She looked happier. More free. He liked that. Admittedly, he was a little upset that he didn't get to spend any more time with her apart from those few words that she had said at the beginning of the night, but it was a start. He was getting ready to leave with Jasper, pulling on his jacket, when Bella came up to him. She looked a little drunk, but she was still standing up straight, and her hair was only slightly messed up from the dancing and bouncing up and down she had been doing. "Leaving so soon?" She asked him with a grin. "Yeah, well, uh," Edward looked over to where Jasper was practically eating the face off a short haired girl that he was planning on taking home. He squinted at the pair and then looked over at Bella. "Is that Alice? Back from school?" He asked in a stage whisper. "You had no idea who your friend was making out with all night?" Bella let out a laugh. He looked back over at the pair of them, making a face as he saw Jasper's hand sliding up Alice's shirt. "She's up for the weekend, came to visit me," she said by way of explanation. "Uh, do you maybe want to walk me home? Before going back to yours?" She raised her eyebrows with another laugh. "I have a feeling that your place is going to be a little noisy tonight." "Great," Edward muttered. "I was planning on trying to get some studying done before bed." "Ohmygod!" Bella snorted. "How mature of you." "Hey," Edward shot her a playful frown and she just grinned in response. "Wait...You were teasing me about leaving early, but you're leaving now too?" "Well, if you were the only reason I stayed, once I realized that Alice was entertained. Coming out tonight was mainly about her," Bella shrugged. "I thought you were all into the partying side of things?" "I think I did enough of that back in high school," Bella made a self-deprecating face. "Yeah, maybe," Edward laughed and then froze. "Hold up—you said you had only stayed because of me? What's that supposed to mean?" Bella tilted her head to the side, her cheeks going an adorable shade of red. Edward felt a grin pulling at his lips and canted his head toward him. "What's that supposed to mean, huh, Swan?" He didn't know where he was getting off, flirting with her so unabashedly, but he liked the way her pupils had widened and her face was going even more red. "It's nice to see a familiar face?" She attempted weakly and Edward laughed. "Oh shut up," Bella shoved him lightly. "Look, back when we were in school, I had a crush on you, okay?" She told him, crossing her arms over her chest. "You what?" Edward's eyes almost popped out of his head. "You heard me!" "But you were so...So scary," he admitted. "Scary?" Bella gave a short laugh and then scrunched up her nose. "I was kind of in a shitty place, in high school. But I think I'm out of all of that now. I—" She was jostled forward by a group of drunk girls behind them and would have fallen if Edward hadn't gripped her wrists, steading her. They were incredibly close now, and if they were standing in a better light and he wasn't completely biased, he would swear that Bella's breathing quickened. "Anyway! You walking me home, or what?" She asked him, clearing her throat so that her voice evened out and pulling herself away from