Merry and Pippin's Visit By KathyG. In this pre-Quest gapfiller based on Mariole's story, "Bad Step" (which can be found at http colon forward slash forward slash www dot west hyphen of hyphen the hyphen moon dot net forward slash servlet forward slash ReadGenStory?storyID equal sign 833 or http colon forward slash forward slash mariole dot livejournal dot com forward slash 79822 dot html ), Sam is confined to his room and ordered to stay off his feet on the day after he has been outside for the first time since his accident, and he's feeling cross and out of sorts. Merry and Pippin make an unexpected visit to Bag End to cheer him up and amuse him. Thanks to Mariole for the idea as to the way in which Merry and Pippin attempt to amuse Sam, and to Dreamflower for beta-reading my story as well (including her assistance with the Gamgees' rustic speech)! Author's Note : In this story, Frodo is approaching 35 years of age; Sam is 23; Merry is 21; and Pippin is 13 (in Man years, 21 or 22, 14½, 13½, and 8 years old). Disclaimer : None of the characters in this story belong to me. Most of them belong to J.R.R. Tolkien (the rest belong to Mariole). "Do you think Sam'll welcome our company?" Pippin asked, as he shifted his weight on his pony's smooth leather saddle. He and Merry had just parted company with Saradoc's horse trainer, Merry's "Uncle" Marroc Brandybuck (who, in reality, was Merry's cousin), who had accompanied them from Buckland to Hobbiton. Since Merry was twenty-one and Pippin was thirteen, neither of them was old enough to travel all the way from their homes to Bag End on their own. Pippin had been visiting his Brandybuck cousins in Buckland with his family for the last month. Marroc was going to buy a pony for Paladin in Bywater and deliver it to the Whitwell farm, and then he was going to return to stay at The Green Dragon until the end of Merry and Pippin's visit. They intended to stay with Frodo for a month, helping him with Sam. Merry smiled. "Of course, he will! And so will Frodo." He gazed at Bag End up ahead. A gentle breeze wafted his thick, light-brown curls. "Poor Sam's had far too much time on his hands for weeks now. He must be quite bored after all these weeks in bed. And not being able to use his right arm doesn't help matters." Shuddering, Pippin blinked away tears. "He came so close to dying," he said in a small voice. "Just think of being trapped in that awful hole for three whole days." Merry shook his head, sorrow etching his youthful face. "I don't like to think of it, Pippin," he said. "That must have been just horrible for Sam. Three days of being trapped and injured, not knowing if anyone was even going to find him! And all because he was so determined to see to it that the same thing wouldn't happen to Frodo, by fixing that trail. Thank goodness Frodo did find him when he did. And ever since then, Sam's been at Bag End with his family, confined to bed, his arm in a sling. I wish we could have been there to help, too." Pippin grinned at Merry. "Well, I think he needs somebody to cheer him up." He glanced briefly up at Bag End and then looked back at his cousin. "Frodo is doing his best, and I'm sure the Gamgees are, too. But it's been a little over six weeks now since Sam was hurt, and you know he must be feeling pretty hole-bound by now. Even if he's allowed out of bed now, there's not much he can do yet. It's time that Frodo had some extra help to keep Sam amused." Merry nodded, smiling. "I agree." He and Pippin pressed their heels against the sides of their ponies, which began to trot the rest of the way up Bagshot Row. XXXXXXX Sam sighed, and Frodo pivoted to face him. "What's wrong, Sam?" Sam shook his head as he shifted his position on the soft cushion in his polished hard-back chair. He set his almost-empty glass on the small round table next to his chair. "Nothing you can do aught about, sir. I'm just so tired of being laid up all the time. Yesterday, I walked outside for the first time in weeks, and today I have to stay off my feet!" Frodo gave his gardener an understanding smile. "I know, Sam, and I know it's hard. But remember how it was when you got up for the first time? The next day, you had to stay in bed all day because you had worn yourself out just by walking to the bathroom, even though you had soaked in the tub before you went back to bed. But then, the day after that, you were able to walk farther and with less discomfort. It's the same way now. Today, you must rest after that walk we took outside yesterday. I wouldn't be at all surprised if tomorrow, you weren't able to walk even farther outside the smial than you did yesterday." He paused to take a sip of ale out of his own glass. "And besides, it's Dr. Brockhouse's orders. You're to stay off that leg today, and you have to stay close to your bed." With a nod, Sam glanced out the bedroom window. Since it was late in the morning, the sun was almost out of sight. A small, fluffy cloud drifted aimlessly in the sky. Sighing, he turned back to his employer. Picking up his glass, he took his swallow of ale, emptying the glass, before he spoke. "I know. And I know if I try to do too much, I'll be right back where I started. But it's mortal hard, Mr. Frodo, to be sitting around all the time like this!" Setting the glass back on the little table, he looked at the Elvish dictionary and the sheets of parchment on the table across the room from him, and sighed. "Even looking up Sindarin words don't have much appeal for me just now. I want something—different! You follow me?" He grimaced. "Too bad my gaffer had to go into town this morning. I know he had to get some more snapdragon seeds, and I know my sisters had to tidy our smial , but—you know—" He shrugged helplessly, gazing down at his hands, and then glanced out the round window at the lovely golden sun lilies blooming in their oval-shaped flowerbed. Their sweet perfume wafted through the window into the guest bedroom. Before Frodo could answer, there was a knock on the round green door. Setting his glass on the small table next to Sam's, he went out into the hall to answer. Merry and Pippin stood there, grinning. "Hullo, Frodo!" Merry said. Smiling and shaking his head, Frodo backed up to let them enter. "Come in!" he said. Merry and Pippin stepped into the hall, clutching their saddlebags. "We would have come here a lot sooner after we got your letter, Frodo, but my father had work for me to do, and I couldn't be spared until now. My dad has sent my Uncle Marroc to check out some ponies in Bywater and buy one for Uncle Paladin, so he came with us," Merry said, and Pippin nodded. "He'll be staying at The Green Dragon during our visit, after he delivers the pony to Paladin's farm." He scanned the hallway. "Where's Sam?" "In one of the guest bedrooms," Frodo said. "Leave your saddlebags here in the hall for now; you can take them to your bedrooms and unpack them later." Nodding, his cousins dropped their saddlebags, which landed with soft thuds on the tiled floor. "Right now, let's go see Sam." Frodo led the way down the round panelled hall as he spoke, his furry feet making no sound on the floor's smooth tiles. "He was finally allowed out of bed several days ago, and yesterday, he took his first walk outside with me. He's feeling awfully sore and tired today, though, so the doctor has ordered him to stay off his feet and close to his bed for the day." "How is he?" Pippin asked. Frodo stopped. "He's much better than he was before," he said. "He still has to keep his arm in a sling, because he's not allowed to use his shoulder for another week. And he still has to be careful with his leg, because it's still healing. But his ribs have finished healing by now. He can get up out of bed now for the most part, and he can walk around the smial if he uses a cane. Yesterday, when I took him outside, he not only had to lean on Bilbo's cane, but on me as well." He smiled wryly. "The Gaffer wants to take him home now, but the doctor persuaded him this morning that Sam needed to stay put for a little while longer—at least, until the sling comes off." He paused. "He's feeling out of sorts right now, because there's still so little that he can do. Dr. Brockhouse has told him to stay off his feet today, and close to his bed. If you two could help me amuse him, I would be grateful." Merry and Pippin exchanged glances. "Certainly," Pippin said. Frodo led the way to Sam's bedroom. "Sam!" Pippin cried out, as he darted through the round bedroom entrance, followed by Merry. "It's so good to see you. We heard about your accident." He glanced at Merry. "We would've been here a lot sooner," Merry said, "but my father had a lot for me to do. This is the first time we've been able to get away from our homes; Pippin's been visiting me in Buckland, but I had to finish helping out my dad before I could leave. Also, a grown-up had to come with us to Hobbiton, since we're not old enough to come here by ourselves." He smiled. "Fortunately, my dad's horse trainer, Uncle Marroc, had to run an errand in Bywater anyway, so he came with us until we arrived at the foot of the Hill. He'll be staying at The Green Dragon while we're here." Sam smiled. "That's all right, Master Merry. When my gaffer has jobs for me to do, I can't get away, either. But you're here now, and I'm that glad to see you, too." "So, how have you been doing?" Merry glanced around the guest bedroom as he spoke. At least, he thought, it was pretty and comfortable. "Fair enough." Sam shrugged. "At least, I'm out of bed now. Until last week, I couldn't get out of it nohow. My gaffer and sisters have been staying here, taking care of me, and so has Mr. Frodo." Frodo nodded. "Now, at least, I can sit up and walk about Bag End; yesterday, I even got to go outside with Mr. Frodo. But not today. Today, I have to stay off my feet, and I still can't use my right arm." He grimaced as he looked again at the sun lilies out the window. Pippin perched on the edge of the bed. The soft mattress sagged underneath his weight as he shifted his weight. "I know it's got to be hard not to be able to get up and do everything you're used to doing," he said, swinging his legs. "And to not be able to use your right arm, either." Sam grimaced. "You've no idea, Master Pippin. It's mortal hard on me to not be able to get up and do stuff. And having to keep my right arm in a sling all the time makes it harder." He glanced up at his employer and sighed. "I want to get up and do— something ! I don't want to just