Hello! This i my first fanfic. It's not a Friday Night Lights crossover,but there are a few references to that awesome show. Let me know what you think. And I apologize for the mistakes in grammar and spelling. English it's not my first lenguage. Toothpaste. Eggs. Milk. Bread Katniss repeated the list in her head looking at the banners hanging from the corridors of the school. The Distric 12 Panthers were only 2 games away from reaching the football final. It was an impressive achievement for the small District 12 because it was the smaller and poorer District of Panem. The only time the Distric 12 had won the State had been when Katniss' father was the quarterback… Toothpaste. Eggs. Milk. Bread She shook her head and looked at the door waiting for Prim. What was taking her so long? She needed to go to the grocery store. ''Hey Kat'' a male voice took her out of the mental list. Rory Hawthrone was standing like frozen in place at the sight of her. ''Hey Rory'' Katniss said. He was holding the team's bag and his hair was wet. Before she could ask why he was there, the door opened and Prim stepped out with the quarterback Peeta Mellark. They were laughing at something he was saying Why is Prim with him ? At the sight of Katniss and Rory standing there Prim opened her eyes and her mouth formed a comical O ''Hey Kat, Rory'' Prim greeted them in a quiet voice. There was an awkward silence. ''I forgot to tell you that Rory was picking me up, we are going to Leevy's place''. ''Oh…ok '' Katniss said trying to mask her nuisance. She had been waiting for her for almost an hour and she still had to go to the grocery store and then change for her shift in the sports shop. ''I'm sorry I forgot to tell you'' Prim said,embarrassed, catching her sister mood quickly ''It's ok, really'' Katniss smiled slightly, lifting her shoulders. Prim had that power over her. Katniss looked at Peeta Mellark curiously ''I should go '' Peeta said feeling Katniss' eye on him. He greeted everyone and left walking quickly. ''Do you want me to give you guys a ride? I'm going that way anyway'' Prim nodded and the three of them started walking towards the school's parking lot. Katniss was curious about Prim being alone with Peeta Mellark. Sure, Peeta was the quarterback and Prim was the latest addition to the cheerleaders group, but that wasn't a viable answer, right? She heard Prim chatting with Rory a few step ahead of her. They were going to have a little chat later that night. She had nothing against Peeta Mellark, quite the opposite really. There was something about that boy. She remembered the day that he punched Cato in the nose to defend her when they were 11 years old. 'He's not coming back' Katniss was waiting for the bus. Prim was sitting next to her, holding her hand tightly. She was thinking about Biology and how to classify the different types of trees. She could ask her dad…but her dad was dead and he was not coming back, because he was buried several feet under in a mine. Dead. She shook her head to prevent the tears from falling. She realized that Prim was not next to her but was now picking something from the floor. She opened her mouth to say something when Cato (mean, horrible, stupid Cato) walked by. And Prim was on his way ''You are on my way'' he said in his stupid voice. Prim just looked at him, remembering what dad used to say: if there were such beautiful words as 'please' and 'thank you' why not use them? ''Are you stupid? Move!'' Cato yelled. Katniss was on her feet in less than a second ''Hey! Who do you think you are talking to my sister like that?'' her hands were clenched in fist of rage. ''She's on my way, looking at me like an idiot" he sneered and before Katniss could reply a soft voice spoke. ''I think you are being rude Cato'' Katniss looked behind Cato and found the baker's son ''This is none of your business Mellark'' Cato said turning his back on him ''besides, they're Seam trash, why would you care anyway?'' And again, before Katniss could even blink, the baker's son was punching Cato right in the face, his nose bleeding. And before Cato could punch back she heard the baker's wife. Her voice was cold and menacing. The baker's son was in trouble that was for sure. '' Peeta Mellark!'' She yelled jumping from the car. Prim ran and hid behind Katniss. The next day Peeta Mellark had an angry red bruise in his left cheek. Katniss wanted to say something, but she couldn't find the word or the courage or the moment, really. But she always felt that words were left unsaid between them. By the time they reached the old truck the entire parking lot was empty. Katniss started the engine listening to Prim talk about the game, when she noticed Peeta Mellark was waiting for the bus. She knew he had a car. Why was he waiting for the bus? ''Are you going, right? '' Prim asked. Katniss turned her head, looking at Prim and Rory,and realized they were looking at her ''Yeah, sure'' answered Katniss without knowing. Prim smiled. The game. She didn't like going to the football game. Everyone reminded her how wonderful her father was and how he had won State and other great things sport related. But she just missed her dad, not the quarterback. ''Hey Kat, we could give Peeta a ride, right'' Prim asked ''he help me today with some art stuff, so…'' Katniss hesitated but she couldn't say no. She parked right in front of Peeta. He looked up and took out his headphones. ''Yeah, sure'' Katniss answered looking ahead. Prim rolled down the window ''Wanna a ride? '' Prim asked. Peeta stood up and jogged to meet them. ''Hey! Nah, that's all right'' he said good naturally. Katniss was looking at her nails. ''We're going that way '' Prim insisted. And Katniss looked at him. He couldn't read her expression. At least she wasn't scowling. ''I have to go to the grocery store and the bakery…so'' she said looking at him. He smiled and entered the truck saying thanks. The ride was spent talking about the game, the game and the game on Friday and Katniss was happy to finally see Leevy's house. ''Thanks for the ride, my dad needed the car'' Peeta explained when he couldn't take the silence anymore. He could make the rocks talk, why it was so difficult with her? Maybe because you're in love with her a voice said in his head. ''Oh, don't worry; I have to go that way'' Katniss said. Peeta cleared his throat. He rolled the wire of his headphones and put them it in the pocket of his hoddie. ''And you need bread'' Peeta said lamely ''Yep'' Katniss was smiling a bit, maybe at his lame attempts to start a conversation. ''How's work?' he asked nervously, clearly intimidated . Katniss shrugged her shoulders. ''Well, the new Panthers t-shirts arrived and we are having a sale on socks…I'm trying to not lose my mind thinking about the hundreds of people looking for socks half their price" she said, looking at him briefly and Peeta laughed out loud. ''Are you going to the game?'' Peeta asked,hopeful. She never went to the games. Or at least he had never seen her and he was an expert at finding her. ''Yeah…Prim is really excited about cheering for the first time and Gale and Madge are going to be there to, so…'' Peeta nodded. He wanted to be part of her reasons to go to the games too ''and there's so much hype around this game that is kind of hard to miss'' Peeta laughed nervously. ''Yeah '' he said running his hand trough his hair ''I can't imagine the pressure'' Katniss said, looking at him briefly again before her eyes went to the road again. ''Yes, well, my scholarship depends on this game, because the Capitol College is coming to see the game and the whole thing with my dad'' Peeta said, sheepishly. Peeta's dad had also been in the team that had won State. It was a big weight on his shoulders to have his name sometimes ''Wow…so, no pressure at all'' Katniss and Peeta laughed and the rest of the ride the silence wasn't so awkward. When they reached the front of the bakery Peeta wanted to stay a few more hours in the truck. ''Thanks for the ride Katniss '' Peeta said again,closing the door. Katniss smiled and waved at him, jogged across the street and entered the grocery store. Living in the Merchant part of the city wasn't so bad after all, he thought, watching the store's door closed. When he arrived to his house, Peeta only had time to eat a muffin. His mom looked at him and sent him to look after the front of the bakery, because she had other things to do. Peeta was tired; he just wanted to sleep for a few hours and not think about tomorrow's game. He grabbed a piece of paper and began to draw. It was doodling or fall sleep on the counter. When the door's bell rang and he groaned but it died on his throat when he saw Katniss. She was holding the grocery bag and looking at the iced muffins. Peeta greeted her with a smile. He debated with himself about making a joke about her not being able to stay away from him, but that was walking on thin ice. ''Hey. I was thinking in buying a muffin to Prim, you know, for good luck. Could I order one with a primrose on it? '' Katniss asked, walking to the counter, nervously. ''Yeah…sure, I could make it now if you want to '' Peeta was quick in his answer and Katniss looked at him curiously '' I mean, it's just a second, really'' ''You make the icing of the muffins and the cakes? '' Katniss asked and Peeta nodded,blushing. He saw Katniss looking at his drawing ''you're really good…'' ''Thanks Katniss'' Peeta said. He felt proud about himself. He walked to the kitchen and in less than 15 minutes, with expert hands an evening primrose was on top of the muffin. ''Here you go '' he showed the muffin to Katniss, and she smiled. ''I love it '' Katniss said taking her wallet with her free hand. And I love you thought Peeta wrapping the box. ''How much?'' Katniss asked ''Nothing. Is on the house, wishing Prim good luck as well '' said Peeta waving his hand. ''No, please, I need bread too, so please... '' Katniss took her wallet stubbornly. "Which one?'' he asked grabbing a brown bag. ''The one with nuts and raisin on it please'' Katniss poited He was giving her the change when the door's bell chimed and Delly walked in, still wearing her cheerleader uniform. At the sight of Katniss she smiled brightly and winked at Peeta. Of course she knew about Peeta's crush on Katniss. ''Hey Katniss'' Delly greeted. Katniss turned around and smiled briefly ''hey Peet, how are for tomorrow? '' she asked, leaning on the counter. Peeta shrugged. ''Are you going tomorrow, right Katniss? '' Delly asked smiling. Katniss nodded and Delly's smile got bigger ''that is great, you know we're so happy to have Prim on the team now, she's the best'' Katniss smiled proudly. Her little duck was the best indeed. ''... and the game is going to be great, I mean, my almost brother Peeta here has a great arm'' Delly said, hugging Peeta. He smiled sheepishly and Katniss looked them both a bit confused at