1. Into the Fire The Prancing Pony – a lively and seemingly innocent village pub, with a few sombre guests being the exception. One of them happened to be a hooded woman who had arrived before evening fell. Weeks of travel had left her dirty and unwelcoming, but a bath an hour ago had returned some of her appeal. She was seated away from the crowds, preferring the cover of shadow while a pair of hawk-like blue eyes scanned the room. There was just one other in this room that she was truly wary of. A tall, haggard looking traveller, calmly smoking a pipe in the other end of the pub while occasionally taking a sip from his tankard of ale. Or perhaps the ale was just for show? One couldn't afford to get drunk in this setting. He had arrived scant moments ago, but the man's presence was enough to catch her attention. She had picked this place as the safest place to stay for the night, considering what was out there. 'The Nazgul.' She thought with a shudder. Ivy had only heard of them, but never faced one. Her brethren from the east had sent word to all four corners that something was amiss and stirring in the east. The faceless, undead black riders had been unleashed by the scum of Mordor. This wasn't a question of stopping them, but to find out their purpose. She had an inkling, a gut wrenching nervousness in the pit of her stomach as if standing on the edge of a cliff. The world was changing, something dark was about to take place and it was their duty to offer aid wherever possible. For years they had stood watch, correcting the wrongdoings of men and fighting corruption. Nazgul, reports of the grey wizard appearing in the White City, the number of orc attacks constantly increasing – those were just a few of the messages that had been passed between the fractions. Now, now was the time to spring into action and offer real aid. Middle-Earth needs it so desperately, especially with the darkness that was looming over the near future. Ivy's focus on this stranger was briefly broken when the door opened once more and a group of hobbits entered. She sat forward in her chair to get a better look; long finger ripping pieces from the loaf of bread she had bought earlier to make this shift of her position appear more natural. Well, she could only presume that those were hobbits. This was the first time her eyes set sight upon one for Ivy had never scouted this close to the Shire. There was never any need for the hobbits were a quiet and peaceful folk, and their little order of guardians had nothing to investigate there. Whatever squabbles the shire folk faced, they managed to clear up on their own. It took some effort to listen in over the shouting and drunken banter of the village folk, but Ivy's ears caught a dark haired one introducing himself as "Underhill". They asked for food and board and paid for it upfront, nothing of interest besides their presence this far from the Shire. Ivy relaxed back into the wooden chair, resuming her ponderings. Did hobbits even travel? She had never heard of travelling hobbits before. Except for…wasn't there one who travelled with the now-dead king of Erebor, back in the day? No matter, she brushed away the distracting thoughts and resumed her observatory position. With monotonous actions she lifted the pieces of bread and fruit from the plate to her lips and chewed. Despite the apparent enthusiasm, she was grateful for the food. Weeks on the road with no company but her own? This little break was a welcome distraction. She had missed having a roof over her head, the jolly crackling of firewood in the hearth and the chatter around her was lulling. These people here had no idea what was happening all around them. Ivy sighed and washed down the bread with a swig of ale. She had to admit that it was much tastier than she had originally suspected. 'Please,' the woman begged in her mind, 'let this be a quiet night so I can gather my strength and carry on the hunt tomorrow.' The corner of her mouth quirked when she saw one of the four hobbits jollily chatter away at the bar, explaining the intricate and complicated family tree that he had been bestowed. Aragorn had followed the Grey Wizard's orders to the dot. He had found the hobbits in question and followed them to Bree; it gladdened his heart to see that the innocent band arrived safely. It was truly a miracle…considering that they had no weapons or training to speak of and the hooded riders at their tails. The thought almost coaxed a smile from him. Braver men had faltered in their courage while facing lesser beings, yet these small innocent hobbits were full of surprises. They weren't exactly trying to conceal their presence, choosing to stay downstairs for supper and merrily slurping their pints. What did irk him was the slim figure in the darkest corner of the room. Hooded and armed – could this be one of Mordor's spies? It wasn't out of the question that they might hire someone to track the hobbits… ' Or him!' thought Aragorn as a jabbing afterthought. She had been watching him from the moment he entered, barely breaking the icy gaze as her sight remained fixed and unbroken, until the four hobbits entered the picture. The ranger tensed when he heard the name "Frodo Baggins" uttered at the barstool. The pipe that he had been mindlessly smoking was lowered from his lips as the hobbit in question scrambled up to his comrade, spilling the ginger's drink in the process and in their little skirmish caused Frodo to slip and fall on his back. All eyes turned to the little man and Aragorn's eyes caught sight of a flash of gold and an icy panic took hold of his stomach as he realised what the hobbit was carrying. He stood up just in time to see the little fellow reach out his hand in an attempt to catch the ring, only to have it land on his finger and making the hobbit disappear causing shouts of surprise to erupt from the village folk. Aragorn had heard that the ring could make one invisible, but to see it first-hand? It was shocking even to him. The rest of the hobbit's comrades looked utterly baffled, exchanging looks of confusion and shock between them, thank the Valar. It seems that this Frodo had enough wits about to keep knowledge about the ring secret, even from his comrades who were now most likely sobered up from the shock of the events. Strider made his way to where Frodo Baggins supposedly was, though his eyes couldn't even catch the shadow of this hobbit. Like a wolf his eyes instinctively reacted to any movement and when the black haired hobbit reappeared, he was right behind him. The commotion quieted down and the rest resumed their usual evening, though there were hush discussions of what they had just witnessed. Frodo shook his head, panting, clearly startled from the experience. Who knows what horrors the hobbit might've witnessed while wearing this ring? But by donning it, even by accident, Aragorn knew that the Nazgul must be heading this way. The ring, it calls to them, beckons them closer and wearing it was as good as screaming out their location. He grabbed Frodo by the shoulder, turning him sharply around. "You draw far too much attention to yourself, mister Underhill." He hissed pointedly at the Hobbit, emphasising the alias that the Hobbit had picked. He didn't give the poor bloke any time to answer before hurling him away, pushing him up the stairs to his own room. Time was of essence here, there wasn't a moment to spare if they wanted to escape the wraiths now after drawing them here, almost inviting them. The hobbit was like a child in his eyes; to think that he carried such a heavy burden was unsettling. There was the woman to think about as well. If she's a spy of Mordor then no doubt she would try to follow them. Aragorn unlocked the door and pushed the hobbit inside, closing the door hastily behind him. Frodo scrambled up hastily, standing as tall as he could with his eyes wide. "What do you want?" "A little more caution from you; that is no trinket you're carrying." Stated Aragon. "I carry nothing!" retorted the hobbit hastily, a little too quickly to make it believable. "Indeed," He muttered almost sarcastically, stalking around the room like a cat "I can avoid being seen if I wish," said Aragorn while putting out the several candles in the room, his tone lightening, "but to disappear entirely? That is a rare gift." Finally he turned around and removed the hood from his head to properly look Frodo in the eye. The hobbit examined him with plenty of suspicion still evident in his features. "Who are you?" He asked, though his tone was a lot less defensive. "Are you frightened?" asked Aragorn, almost jestingly if it weren't for the direness of the situation. There was a pause before the hobbit answered affirmative, unleashing another tongue lashing from Aragorn. "Not nearly frightened enough. I know what hunts you." He stated, determined to keep the ring away from the wraiths. In order to do that some thin bond of trust has to be forged between them. Some sound drew away his attention and Aragorn turned around, drawing his sword when the door was slammed open by the hobbits Aragorn recognised as Frodo's travel companions. The one in the front was baring nothing but his fists and brave heart while the other two looked positively frightened at the sight of a bared blade, holding nothing but a chair and a candlestick. "Let him go, or I'll have you longshanks!" He shouted, unfazed by the sight of a sword. Aragorn felt a twinge of respect for the loyalty this one displayed and returned his sword to the scabbard. He had no quarrel with them. "You have a stout heart, little hobbit, but that will not save you." The ranger turned to Frodo once more, not once breaking eye contact in an attempt to make the little man understand just how serious this was. "You're no longer waiting for the wizard, Frodo. They're coming." Another little scratch caught his ears; coming from the stairs and Aragorn pulled the other three hobbits inside. "Stay behind me!" He whispered to them and drew his blade. Was the spy of Mordor waiting for this opportunity, hoping to catch him off guard? The hobbits scrambled into a little heap in the farthest corner of the room while Aragorn stood ready to attack at the first sign of provocation. He heard the lithe footsteps and the creaking of the floorboards as the hooded woman from downstairs came into view of their doorway, holding both of her gloved hands up as a sign of good faith. "I'm no enemy of yours, put that sword away and I'll explain." Aragorn made no movement to comply. Female assassins were a valuable asset; they could easily slip into the hearts of men and draw out compassion, not to mention that men of honour hesitated to strike a woman. The hobbits were wide-eyed and somewhat awed; it was a rare sight to see a travelling woman, not to mention one who was armed. Yet here was one, wearing breeches and carrying a bow. She pulled back her hood, revealing a thin face with features as sharp as her eyes. "For Valar's sake, if this Underhill of yours is carrying what I think he is, then he just drew the wraiths here. I've been tracking their whereabouts for weeks, now would you