This is kind of a sequel to the not finished story A Lily For Esme, but my brain doesn't allow me to do anything if I don't write what's in my head. So... Here we go. LPOV I was panicking. I had been a vampire for three years, stuck in the body of a fifteen year old forever and something truly horrible had happened. "Lily, wait!" Seth called after me but I was already gone, running toward my home as fast as I could get away from him, which was much faster than him, at least in his human form. We had only been home from Alaska for a couple months and this is what happens. I had seen him several times since he had turned, but he chose not to tell me. As I was drawing in the forest. I was on our land. I was doing nothing wrong when he walked toward me. I smiled at him and greeted him and we talked for a little while. Though he was a wolf, I had always like his kind heart. But this... it was too much. Momma was sitting at the table playing a game of chess with Dad as I zoomed past them, slamming the door to my room behind me. I pressed my hand against my forehead and drug them down my face as I tried to process what had just happened, what Seth had just said. "Shit..." I muttered, already getting a whiff of Edward's scent. He would have already heard my thoughts before I could even try and hide them. Edward was through my door in a second, his eyes burning and face tight with emotion. Don't tell them, I silently plead as Momma and Dad also appeared, followed by Alice and Jasper. Great. Now we just needed Rosalie and Emmett to make it a family meeting. "I could kill him," Edward hissed at me as my chin quivered. If there could have been tears, there would have been. He was so angry it was terrifying to me and his fears and desires at the moment were invading my mind. "Please," I stutter, my voice barely a whisper. "He didn't do anything wrong." EdPOV I could hear her thoughts from a mile away. Her voice was clear in my head as her frantic thoughts froze me. It couldn't be true. It couldn't happen. It was impossible. The moment I heard her door closed I was at it, throwing it open. Esme and Carlisle were there in an instant as well, staring between the two of us. They were concerned, the minds filled with worry about what was going on, and they had every right to be concerned. When they found out they would understand. Yet, through all their jumbled thoughts, one plead rang loud and clear. Don't tell them . I nearly rolled my eyes as I gritted my teeth and Alice and Jasper appeared in the doorway. How could she be so stupid. They needed to know. "I could kill him," I hissed at her through my gritted teeth. Those once blue eyes, now completely golden, looked up at me in the way I can only say was the same as she did when she was a child. "Please," she pleaded desperately. "He didn't do anything wrong." CPOV Esme stiffened next to me, but I could also see what she was seeing. There was something different about our flower. Though I couldn't put my finger on it, there was something definitely different and it wasn't the fact she was actually showing fear toward her brother. My heart broke for her as she stared at Edward, the mention of a he terrified him. A he meant a boy and a boy meant... I swallowed hard. There was a boy in my daughter's life and I wasn't sure if I could handle that on top of everything else at the moment. Bella and Edward were enough. My sweet daughter was too young to find a mate. She was only eighteen. She had spent eighteen years on this earth, and now this. "Lily..." Esme said softly, her eyes falling on our daughter. "Talk to me." But even Jasper's attempts at calming everyone's nerves was in vain. Lily's own ability was invading her mind and she was struggling to process all the different things going on. "It explains the blind spots in my visions," Alice said her voice concerned as she stepped toward her sister. "You just come and go sometimes." Lily bit her lip and took a step away from them. "Please, just leave me alone." Esme grabbed her arm just as she tried to run, looking into our child's sad eyes. "Lily, talk to me." It was at times like these that the only person who could reel Lily back in was Esme. Sometimes I envied her ability to soothe our children. It was her gift, that was for certain. Love was a gift that Esme granted easily. But this time, Lily was frightened. She stepped further away, but slid her hand into Esme's as she looked at her brother. I could only assume she was asking him not to follow them. "Not here, Momma." Esme gave me one long look before moving with Lily toward the window. They were gone in an instant, leaving the four of us standing there and only one of us informed on what was going on. I turned to Edward who was still seething. I didn't have to verbalize my question, he could hear it clearly in my mind. "The wolf imprinted on her," he scoffed, completely disgusted. My heart fell to my stomach. "Jacob?" I asked doing my best to keep an open mind. That would be... inconvenient. Edward gave his head a half shake, obviously not letting go of his fury anytime soon. "Seth." Though Alice and Jasper looked ready to vomit and Edward seemed to be fighting an internal battle of whether or not to kill the boy, I couldn't help but smile. The boy may have been a wolf, but he was one of the kindest people in this town, heart and mind. He would be very good to Lily, and honestly I couldn't think of someone who seemed to match her better. "Don't say that Carlisle," Edward snapped, though the words never actually came out of my mouth. "Seth is a wolf-" "And Bella is a human," I reminded him. "She can be changed!" "But you don't want her to." I looked at my son, trying to level with him. "You should know as well as the rest of us that love is not something we choose." Edward shook his head and was gone, his anger controlling him and he was probably going to Bella's to rant and cool off. Alice just shook her head. "I don't like not seeing her," she said uneasily. "I can't see if she's safe." "I believe it is safe to assume that she will be safe as long as Seth is near," I told them. "A wolf's imprint is a very sincere bond. He would protect her, though she can also protect herself." "We may be able to trust Seth, but what about the other dog? They could hurt her and I would never see it coming," Alice complained. "And she's already in love with him," Jasper added soberly. He expression tight as usual but his eyes showing just how much he felt for the girl, or her emotions may have been leaving a lasting effect. "And she's completely terrified." I looked toward the window my wife and daughter leapt from. Terrified. That was a word I could relate to. That was my little girl. EsPOV Lily and I climbed as high up on the tree tops as the limbs would allow. That beautiful face was tormented as she looked at me. She was in my arms in a second, curled into my chest like she was a small child again. Her body was still smaller than the rest of us, even Alice. She was petite and young. Stuck forever as my baby. "Flower," I cooed to her, using the term of endearment we had used since she was four years old. Their sweet, delicate flower. Her face was buried in my chest and I gently stroked her hair. "What's wrong?" Lily sobbed and my heard wrenched. It was so hard for me to see her like this. It had been many years since she had been this broken, but I had always been the one to hold her. We were gifts to each other. All I had ever wanted was a child, and all Lily ever wanted was someone to love her. For people who don't believe in destiny and fate, I feel that I have enough experience with it to prove them wrong. "Seth," she cried, clinging to my shirt. Seth? Seth Clearwater? "One of the-" She nodded. Her hands holding tighter in my shirt. "He imprinted on me." If it was possible for my heart to be ripped out. It had been. A wolf of all things to stake claim on my baby. My heart was stuck in my throat as I held my daughter tighter to me. "And how do you feel?" Those eyes looked back up at me. "Like... I could throw up? But not really in a bad way?" There was the smallest smile on her lips as she let out a nervous laugh. "Does that make sense?" Any anger or sadness I had vanished because I could definitely relate. Carlisle still had a similar effect on me. It wasn't that I didn't want my daughter to be happy, I just wanted her to be mine for a little while longer. Just mine. It had taken Edward over a hundred years on this Earth to find a mate and it took Lily eighteen. My hand stroked her cheek. "It makes perfect sense." She fell back into my chest and played with the ends of my hair, the same thing she had been doing since she was just a small child. "He's kind, Momma. Kind and caring, almost like Daddy." She places a hand over my heart. "His words are honest and kind, and he would never harm anyone." Her insight to people's souls was a passive gift of hers. Her active ability sometimes concerned us. Her passive gift allowed her to see intentions, motives, as well as fear and desires. Her active gift was to disorient people with their fears. When she was first getting used to the power, she struggled to control it. There were many times I watched my family die at the hands of her gift, and sweet Lily couldn't forgive herself for the pain she caused her family because of her gift. "Sounds like you have similar hearts," I told her, resting my head atop hers. "My heart belongs to you and Daddy, Momma. How can it belong to this boy as well? And he's a wolf!" Though she tried to sound disgusted, it failed a little. I knew my girl too well. "You have enough heart to go around, love. If anyone does, it is you." It was true. Lily was not my blood, but she had definitely inherited my heart and her father's compassion. "Rosalie is going to be so angry... She doesn't even like Bella and she's just a human... What if she hurts Seth?" Lily questioned. I thought of my older children. Rosalie would most likely be the one who acted in set rage. At the moment, I saw it possible that she reacted with violence. Lily was special to all of us. We had all watched her grow from the most fragile form to what she was now. Rosalie was maybe the most outrageously protective one. "She won't hurt Seth," I promised my darling girl. "I won't let her." "What do I do, Momma?" Lily asked me, her voice soft. I gave the girl