Harry Potter AU: Harry's Godmother When Lupin gives Harry a tin of magical photographs of his parents and Sirius, once face sticks out to him. A mysterious blonde stranger appears in over half the photos, causing Harry to question why he's never heard of this woman. To his surprise, Harry learns that the woman his godmother, Tawny, and that his godfather, Sirius, was madly in love with her. Harry, Ron, and Hermione find themselves listening to Lupin tell the story of how Sirius and Tawny fell in love, and the impact she had on all of their lives. Since Dumbledore had dropped Harry off at the Burrow the week before, Harry had been spending his summer playing Quidditch with Ron, Hermione, and Ginny. Living at the Burrow was a million times better than life at Number Four Privet Drive. Here he felt more loved in five minutes that he had ever been the entire fifteen years he had spent with the Dursleys. After a few games of Quidditch, Harry told the others he needed a rest break and went inside to crash on the Weasleys couch. When he walked in the door, Mrs. Weasley had given him a tall glass of water, and enough snacks to fill him up before he had even eaten dinner. As he lay on the couch, his mind drifted back to Sirius. One thing about being at the Burrow, was that he was distracted from thoughts about the dark world around him. If he was playing Quidditch with his friends, he wasn't thinking about Voldemort trying to kill him, and having Sirius's murder or repeat in his mind. "Hello, Harry." Lupin said, taking a seat in front of Harry and setting a leather briefcase on the coffee table. "Professor." Harry nodded, sitting up. "There's no need to call me Professor anymore, Harry." Lupin smiled. Lupin's arrival wasn't out of the ordinary. One thing Harry had noticed since he'd been staying at the Burrow was that it was a lot like Number Twelve Grimmuald Place in terms of the flow of members of the Order of the Phoenix. Although the Burrow wasn't the new official Headquarters for the Order, it sure felt like it. Most of the time, Harry and the Weasley's would have a couple of Order members joining them for dinner, or Harry would come down stairs to one or more of them hanging around the house. "I've brought you something." Lupin said, opening his briefcase. He pulled out a large tin and handed it to Harry. "Er – thanks." Said Harry, examining the tin. "I think you'll find the contents more fascinating than the wrapping." Harry opened the lid, revealing a pile of enchanted photographs. In all of them, the occupants were moving, usually smiling, and occasionally waving back at him. He picked up the photo on the top to see his father, James, and Sirius hanging upside down from their brooms, while laughing. He smiled and picked up another. This one was of the four marauders, all in their animal form. Harry laughed as Sirius's tail swept Peter off Lupin's back and onto the grass. "Professor… where did you get these?" "Sirius had them stored in his bedroom at Grimmuald Place. I found him pulling them out on more than one occasion last year when I was staying with him." Lupin paused, rubbing his eyes. "I've been going through them myself lately… I thought you might like to see them." Harry gave Lupin a weak smile before proceeding to rummage through the photographs. He saw several taken from his parents wedding. The picture Hagrid had given him his first year was also in the tin, accompanied by a similar one, including a fourth person – a blonde woman, no older than his parents. She stood in-between his mother and Sirius. Her pale blue dress matched the color of her nails, and her long blonde hair fell in ringlets down her back. Her silvery-grey eyes, Harry thought, felt vaguely familiar. As Harry continued to look through the pictures, he continued to see images of his parents, accompanied by Sirius, Lupin, and Wormtail. Most of the pictures were taken at Hogwarts, in their school uniforms, or their Gryffindor Quidditch robes. Others were of their time after Hogwarts. Towards the bottom of the tin, he found pictures including himself. As a newborn, and what he believed to be about a year old. He found pictures of his parents holding him, putting him on small broom that hovered a foot about the carpet, and one of what he was sure was him as a one-year-old riding on Sirius' back while he was in his dog from. However, as Harry flipped through the pictures, he couldn't help but notice the same woman, with the familiar grey eyes from the picture before. She was in almost every other picture. Usually with his mother or Sirius. He paused when he picked up a photo of Sirius, himself, and the blonde stranger. Her hair was cut short compared to the picture from his parents wedding day, but Sirius looked the same. The blonde woman was holding him in her arms, rocking him back and forth. She leaned in to kiss his forehead before looking back up at Sirius. Sirius gazed down upon her lovingly, before giving a smile and a wink to the camera. Harry felt this strange connection to the woman. He had never seen her before, but he could tell she, whoever she was, truly cared from him. Or, at least that version of him. He turned the photograph over. On the back, written in black ink wrote: Harry, Sirius, & Tawny – Harry's First Birthday "Lupin who is… Tawny? She's in a lot of these pictures." Lupin stared back at Harry with a look of surprise, then his face fell. The full moon was still weeks away, but Harry could tell that he was looking more ill than he'd ever seen him. His hair had more touches of gray, and he seemed paler, and skinnier than normal. He was surprised Mrs. Weasley wasn't over there offering him sandwiches to put some more meat on his bones. This illness, Harry believed was caused by sadness rather than the effects of turning into a werewolf. "Sirius never told you about her?" "No, who is she?" "Who is who?" Ron asked, taking a seat next to Harry. Hermione followed behind him, sitting next to Professor Lupin. Harry handed Ron the photograph, pointing to Tawny. "Is this you and Sirius." "Yeah." "I guess it was too painful for him." Lupin whispered. "Harry," he continued, speaking up this time, "her name was Tawny Lovegood." "Lovegood? As in Luna Lovegood?" "Yes. Tawny was Luna's aunt, and Xenophilius Lovegood's sister." Harry lingered on the word, was . Tawny was her name. She was Luna's aunt. That couldn't be good. "She's dead, isn't she?" "Yes, Harry." Lupin answered. Harry didn't think he could look any more depressed. But, the moment he said yes, it was if a dementor has swept into the room and sucked all the happiness out of Lupin. "But Tawny wasn't just Luna's aunt. She was our friend, your mother's best friend to be exact." Harry had always heard stories about his father, and his best friend Sirius, but never about his mother having one. He glanced back at the wedding photo of the four of them. If Sirius was the best man, Tawny must have been his mother's maid of honor. "That's why she is in all these photos." "Not exactly." Lupin paused. "To your mother, she was a best friend. To Sirius, she was the love of his life." He dropped he photo is his hand, and felt his jaw drop to the floor. No wonder Lupin was surprised Sirius never said anything about Tawny. How could he have never mentioned someone so important to him before? Harry was about to stop Lupin and ask, but the next thing Lupin brought a new wave of shock over him. "To you, Harry, she was your godmother." Hermione let in a small gasp, as she cupped her hands over her face. Ron, on the other hand looked just as Harry. Jaw to the floor, and frozen at hearing this new revelation. Three years ago, Harry had been surprised when he learned Sirius was his godfather. Now, the shock of that moment didn't compare to this one. How could Harry have gone all these years without the slightest mention of his godmother? From what Lupin was saying, Harry believed Tawny to practically be a Marauder, just like his mother. In his third year, Harry could see no one telling him about Sirius. Maybe the world didn't want him to know about his so-called murderous godfather that played a role in getting his parents killed. But Tawny… what could she have done to keep people from mentioning her? "My godmother? Why didn't I know about her? When did she die? I know when my parents died I couldn't live with Sirius because, well you know why, but her? What about her?" "You couldn't have lived with Tawny because she died less than two weeks after that photograph was taken." Lupin sighed, pointing to the picture of Sirius, Tawny, and himself. Harry took the photo back from Ron and began examining it once more. He watched as Tawny kissed him on the head, pulling him closer as she did so. The longer Harry watched her, he felt as though he could feel her arms embracing him now. The edges of the photo were worn. He was sure Sirius had rubbed at the edges of the photo many times. The writing on the back was slightly smudged, and the corners had water stains on them. Someone, most likely Sirius, had cried onto the photo, causing the right corner to crinkle and fade. "That was his favorite photo, you know? Both people he loved the most in the world in one picture." "Did he always love her? Like my dad did my mum?" For the first time, Harry saw the corners of Lupin's mouth turn up into a smile. "Oh no! For the first five years they knew each other, they loathed one another." "What? Really? But… they look so happy here." Hermione said, picking up a photo of Sirius spinning Tawny on the dance floor at what Harry assumed was his parents wedding. "How could they have hated each other for so long?" "Well, Sirius started it on the train in our first year at Hogwarts." Harry smiled. Of course, Sirius had started it. "He'd met your father, and the two hit it off right away. About halfway to the castle, Sirius and James started talking about magic, and spells they could do. Sirius bragged that he could make someone's hair stand up straight on top of their heads. Your father, didn't believe him, and told him to, 'prove it'. So, Sirius chose, at random, an unsuspecting victim for his spell, and that person just happened to be Tawny." "Did it work?" "Oh yes, but a little too strong. Tawny's hair shot straight up in their hair for three days. When she was sorted, the sorting hat was stretched to the max to fit under all her hair." Harry, Ron and Hermione all laughed, imaging the sorting had stretched and complaining about Tawny's hair. "Well that explains her hating Sirius, but what about the other way around?" "Tawny was not going to take the prank Sirius pulled lying down. To get back at him, she entrusted the help your mum, who'd she'd met on the train, and a sixth year from her house, Ravenclaw. Together, the bewitched all of Sirius's quills to write only in pink ink. In addition, every time he dotted an 'I' the dot would transform into a heart shape." If Harry thought Sirius' prank was funny, he was sure Tawny's was even better. Harry wished Fred and George were here to hear