a/n; i've been suffering from clato deprivation and i wrote this to cure that. this is also part of livvi's (bisexual stiles) birthday gift because i'm still working on the sterek. :) this really doesn't make munch sense, um, and there's, a lot of swear. like A LOT. seriously. i don't own anything. WARNING: teenage drunkenness; underage sex; awkward times; possible death from fangirl-itis; language . did you fall for a shooting star? cato/clove To be quite honest, she doesn't know where they stand right now. The night is sultry and tangy on her face as the sound of the beach fills her ears and somewhere in the distance, she can see the faint firelight of a beach campfire where two lovebirds are talking — or, you know, doing a bit more than talking. It fills her with fury and she wants to yell that them to stop being so damn annoyingly cute but that wouldn't really solve anything. She knows who she needs to talk to; she just simply doesn't want to talk to him. She doesn't want to go up to him and drag him away from his latest fuck-buddy — Glimmer Rochester, her former best friend — and ask him where they stand. Because, honestly, she doesn't know anymore. One minute his mouth is hot and desperate on hers as he attacks her lips and he's murmuring incoherent sentences like, "Not a disgrace" and "Don't need you" and he's pushing her into the mattress and oh God there's blood everywhere but she likes it and — The next minute, they see each other in the hallway and don't even acknowledge each other; pretending that their nighttime secrets and insecurities never happened. "Yo, Davis." It's Marvel, Cato's second in command, "Cato's lookin' for ya'." "I thought he was with his fuck-buddy." Her voice betrays no emotion. Marvel smirks, "Apparently she's a screamer. They're done. I guess now it's my turn." Clove wrinkles her nose in disgust, honestly . Clove tries to remain nonchalant as Marvel gouges her reaction but her hands are sweaty and shaking and she doesn't know why he's looking for her now of all times but she can do it; she knows she can. "Whatever, Everett." Marvel nods once, almost like he's some sort of diplomat, and re-enters the party. There is a blast of loud noise for the brief seconds that the door is open and Clove breathes in another gulp of fresh air; her last gulp of fresh air, she gets the feeling. / She doesn't even know why she goes to these parties, to be quite honest, she kind of hates the whole atmosphere of dozens of drunk kids grinding up against her and the smell of coke and rum and vodka filling her nostrils and, later on, the sickening stench of vomit. And yet, party after party, she goes to. And it's not like she needs to be there to boost her popularity, either — she's a Career and, yeah, they're kind of the biggest deal in Panem high school. Anyone that basically wants to be anyone or have any sort of power either is a Career or is friends with a Career. She finds Cato by the drinks table — where else? — mixing a possibly lethal combination of Coke, Rum, and Spirit into a bottle and shaking it before adding a drop of lime juice. Clove wrinkles her nose at the smell, tapping her foot to let Cato be aware of his presence. He still pretends not to notice, though, too busy putting on a show for his admirers; this is something she can understand — being a Career is all about putting on a show; pretending that you are the best so that other people begin to believe it, too. / "Hurry the fuck up, Roosevelt, I don't have all fucking night," she snaps ten minutes later when he's still not done the obnoxious drink. Cato's loyal army of fangirls glare at Clove, as if talking back to Cato is a travesty that should be punishable by death but, frankly, Clove doesn't give two fucks. "Calm your tits, Davis," Cato snaps back at her, but he hands the still unfinished drink to the nearest girl and grab Clove by her skinny wrist into the corner. Clove tries to take deep breaths, reminding herself that she wanted to see Cato — that she wanted to know exactly where they stood, whether it is frenemies with benefits or whatever. "Scram," he mutters to a group of pimply-faced sophomores, obviously in awe of their first high school party. They comply immediately — just because they are younger doesn't mean that they haven't heard of the power that Cato Roosevelt holds of the school. Once the sophomores are gone, Cato turns around to face Clove and, for a second, she is breathless. There, with the blue bar lights reflecting just slightly off his messy blond hair and hazel eyes, he almost looks like an angel. And then she blinks and the illusion is gone and the horns and tail are back. Cato doesn't say anything to her, seemingly as content with drinking in her features as she is with him, until, finally, she musters up the courage to speak. "Okay, Roosevelt, I was having . . . uh . . . a wonderful time before Marvel showed his ugly mug and said you wanted to see me and you don't even say a word to me. The fuck?" Clove snaps, finally bored of this silent game that they're playing. Her mind is telling her to ask him — just to say four simple words; where do we stand ? But her heart, with its erratic pounding, is screaming for silence and her heart wins. "I want to fuck you," Cato says finally, baldly. Clove looks up, startled. This is the first time that he's ever said it so . . . openly; they've never even discussed it before. "I want to feel your body under me, I want to hear you shriek my name, I want to be the reason that you blush when someone asks if you had a good weekend." Clove does not look down, she is not afraid. She just wishes that her heart would believe her mind and start beating normally again. "And what if I don't want to?" Her voice is a taunt, daring him to his extremes; she wants to know his answer. No, she has to know his answer. "You do," Cato says confidently, "Otherwise, you would never have agreed in the first place." For the first time since the confrontation, Clove blushes. "I — I do not!" But they both know that she's lying. "Denial is not just a river in Egypt," Cato says with a smirk, "Abraham Lincoln was a smart man." "That was Mark fucking Twain, idiot," she mutters. "Doesn't matter. What matters is that I want you. Right here. Right now." His voice doesn't even waver when he says this; his eyes just rove up and down her body. Clove pauses, she knows that, perhaps, fucking the school's man-whore, who won't even admit their relationship, may not be the best idea, but her mind and heart don't work in synchrony whenever he's around. "Here? Now? There are people here," she hisses, "this is bold, even for you, Cato." "No one will remember on Monday," he says dismissively, "And besides, I want everyone to know that you're mind — and only mine." "Oh?" Clove raises an eyebrow, "So you can fuck the entire school but I can only be with you?" "Yep," he says, popping the 'p' as if this is the most ordinary deal ever made. "And again, what if I don't agree?" Clove leans in closer, until she and Cato are almost nose to nose and she can smell his musky scent, like a cocktail of drinks and lime. Cato, of course, takes advantage of the situation, and kisses her. / Or, he attached his lips to hers and she didn't have the willpower to let go. His lips are worm and rough and he doesn't take his time with her, roughly pushing their faces together and the pressure of his lips is the only thing keeping her upright now. She pulls away to gasp for air, and Cato glares at her. She smirks, glancing down at the slightly noticeable bulge in his pants — it seems like she's got the upper hand now. She takes a step back from him, just as he takes a step forward. "Nope," she says with a sadistic smirk that's telling him that he's enjoying this way too much, "Now you listen to me ." He growls a feral growl that rips through his throat and Clove shudders, thinking that, in another universe, he could have been some kind of mass murderer. "Fuck you, Davis." "You never will if you keep talking to me like that," she says sweetly, giving him a sickeningly cute smile that could rot candy. "I . . . swear to . . . fucking God, Davis — " Cato mutters, moving closer towards her. Clove's lips twitch upwards into a small smile, "I need you." "Not here," Clove leans in until he can practically kiss her, and then she is gone, just out of reach. "Come with me." / They go to the nearest room, which happens to be the guest bedroom and the door is locked and bolted before Clove has even turned around. Clove opens her mouth to ask the fateful; question — where do we stand ? — when, once again, his lips are on hers and she's too lazy to protest. His lips trace lightning trails up her skin and she swears that it will leave a mark; his lips attack her neck and other places, "You'll . . . have . . . a hard . . . time . . . hiding these," he smirks between nips. She groans — both from pleasure and annoyance. They don't say anything to each other for the rest of the night, just occasional moans and cries and she lets him fuck her into the mattress so hard that she thinks her body will be imprinted onto the bed forever, almost like some sort of permanent statue. At some point, he starts crying when he's fucking her and his tears fall onto her face and she doesn't say anything at all, just lets Cato cry for something that she'll never really know about. After he's finally done, he doesn't whisper "I love you" or sweet nothings into her ear but somehow, her hands find his under the duvet and he grabs on and they stay like that all night. / She wakes up with a headache, which is kind of strange because she drank, like, one wine cooler last night and she can hold her drinks, usually, but for those first, disorienting seconds after she wakes up, when the world is still fuzzy and nothing makes sense but everything does, at the same the same time are the easiest. She's aware of the pressure on the right side of the bed, and of the hand clasping onto hers like it's his anchor and she tries to remember the events of last night. Her phone beeps, showing that she got three messages — two from Katniss Everdeen, her fellow Track team member, and one from her mother. She presses ignore on all of them and tries to calm her breathing. She can feel Cato stirring from under her and for once, she wishes that the world would just stay the same and the world would just, like, stop turning for one minute so that she could just breathe, but of course, the world keeps moving and Cato's eyes flutter open and — "'Morning." His voice is dull and sleepy, almost innocent sounding. "Clove . . . " She feels her breath catch in her throat as she looks