AN: Hello, everyone! I welcome you to my second fanfiction, and if you're an old reader from The New Wielder, then Welcome Back! I will udpate my other story, just be patient. Right now, I'll focus on this one, beceause "The New Wielder" is nearly complete. Anyway, this will be a trilogy. I will definitely not overpower Percy...at all. But don't worry, our hero won't be a sissy. I really don't feel like writing : "Percy snapped his fingers, and turned Zeus to ashes..." Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of PJO. (This one is for every chapter, because I'm lazy and forgetful!) Ouranos, the ex-king of the universe had reformed his consciousness. He wasn't displeased that his sons had overthrown him as he was finally free of being the father of all horrible monsters. For a moment he wanted to have revenge on Tartarus and Gaea, but he knew that it would annihilate humanity. So he decided not to. Instead, the ancient entity decided to leave a son he could be proud of. A son who would represent him; and thus he went to Earth, to the modern world. He was very pleased by what he saw, as humans actually fascinated him. For some reason, he was impressed by their ingenuity. And then he fell in love with a mortal woman. He sired a child, a demigod, which had never happened with any other Primordial Deity before. After having consulted his fellow Primordials Chronos and Ananke (and after having seen the future that awaited his new child), he concluded that staying out of his son's life would be the best thing to do. He left the mortal who had his heart in order to move himself into the Void. His human lover thought he was simply a mortal who'd left her life, and Ouranos knew it was better this way. Sally Jackson, a recent widow, had given birth to her new son just two weeks before. Her husband had died very suddenly in a car accident, leaving her with a child to raise all by herself. She was now in her hospital bed, her baby sleeping in her arms, oblivious to the tough life awaiting him. The baby, a fine boy was now Sally's whole world. He had blue-white eyes, a rare color. She named him Perseus, or Percy for short. When Sally left the hospital, she lived with her son in a small apartment in Manhattan in New York City. Sally worked in a candy shop, and made just enough money to live on. As little Percy grew up, he never knew what it meant to have a father. He had jet black hair, which was always messy, and blue-white eyes. He was tall and strong for his age, and he showed himself to be a 'trouble-maker'. When he was seven, his mom lost her job. Their already not-very-comfortable-life style had become much worse. Sally was struggling nearly every day with life's numerous problems when a guy she knew, Gabe Ugliano became 'close to her', so to speak. A few months later she ended up marrying him. Gabe was nice to Percy for the first thirty seconds, but within one week he got Percy to hate him and Sally to doubt if she really had made the right choice by marrying him. A year after her wedding, Sally got a second job because Gabe barely, if ever, fed his family. She sent Percy to a series of private boarding schools due to his ADHD and other dyslexia-related difficulties, but he was expelled from each school. Sally managed to obtain every scholarship dollar she could, just so her son could get an education and the help he needed to do it. And then Sally enrolled her son in The Yancy Academy... END OF PROLOGUE Percy - 13 years old. New York, September, 9th 2008. Percy woke up in his bed sweating heavily. He'd just had another crazy dream, and like each one, he couldn't recall it. He looked at the clock - 6:27 a.m. He groaned and closed his eyes. Only three minutes before he actually, really and truly had to wake up. And just like always, he heard the alarm about three seconds after he closed his eyes, or so it seemed to him. Percy got up and went to the bathroom. He washed his face and grabbed some clothes. He put them on and went downstairs. As always, he didn't find anybody. His "stepfather" Gabe was still sleeping, and his mother, exhausted from all her late-night work was sleeping in as well. Percy hated his "stepfather". Gabe always slept until noon, and spent most of his time drinking beer or playing poker, often both. But his most defining trait was his horrible personal "aroma". To sum it up, Gabriel Ugliano was a stinking jerk. Percy wondered how Gabe even got any money, but he preferred not to know. Thankfully, Percy was going to a boarding school, so he wouldn't have to see his stinking "stepfather" for months. Was he a troubled kid? Yes, you could say that. And you could take any moment of his life to prove it. Percy was never excited about what might happen in the future. He didn't have much ambition. He wasn't what you could call a slacker, though. Today was his first day at the Yancy Academy. He hoped he wouldn't get expelled this time. He never lasted more than a year in the same school. Percy quickly ate his poor breakfast, two slices of plain bread and right before he got out, he heard his mother calling his name; "Percy!" His mom, Sally Jackson was, in her son's opinion the single greatest person in the world. He turned, his hand still on the doorknob and saw his mom yawning and standing before him. "Where are you going, without even saying goodbye?" she asked with a smile. Sally was still wearing her work clothes from the day before, and her brown hair was a complete mess from having slept on the couch. But Sally was somehow always so wonderfully beautiful. "Hi, Mom. I was just going to school. I didn't want to wake you up," he replied. His mother walked to him and hugged him in a tight embrace. "I'm gonna miss you," she said, her voice shaking. Percy heard the quaver in her voice and saw the moisture in her eyes."Me too. But I guess I gotta go," he replied, hugging her back. She let go of him, and Percy opened the apartment door. He heard a quiet "Bye," behind him, and his mom closed the door. Percy sighed and went down the stairs. Once he was out of the building, he jumped into the first taxi he found. "Where ya goin', kid?" asked the taxi driver as Percy entered the cab. "Yancy Boarding Academy, it's-," the driver cut Percy off with, "Don't worry, I know New York better than...well, I just know it." The driver grinned at Percy in the rear-view mirror, and Percy couldn't help but smile back. Looking up through his apartment's window, he saw no sign of his mom, but he guessed that she'd either gone back to sleep or started cooking breakfast. As the streets flashed past, Percy leaned back on his seat and closed his eyes. He had a terrible headache, and the closed-in air of the car and the familiar noises of good old Manhattan did nothing to ease it. "Tough day, starting school and all?" It was the taxi driver. "You bet," replied Percy, his eyes still closed. "Well, you'll see school ain't that bad when yer finally all grown up; grown up and get a good job," continued the cabby. "I guess you're right, and- OH GOD WATCH OUT!" Percy yelled! The car came to a screeching halt, and the driver turned to Percy, seeing nothing there, but startled. "Jesus, you almost gave me a heart attack, kid! What the heck is wrong?" he said wheezing in shock. When Percy didn't answer, the cabbie said loudly,"HEY KID; what's up?" Percy couldn't speak; his eyes were as wide as dinner plates as he stared through the windshield. He had seen... something... blocking the road. Something utterly massive, and he had instinctively shouted. The cabbie stuck his head through the window, honked twice and drove on. "I guess you really have sharp eyes," he said, looking at Percy from the rear view window? "It was a small dog. I would have killed the poor thing if you hadn't yelled." "Well, thank God for my sharp eyes," managed Percy, still trying to process what he saw. The driver shrugged, and Percy leaned back. There had been something bigger than just a dog blocking the way, but it wasn't the first time this sort of hallucination had happened to him. Like just two years ago, during classes... Percy brushed that thought away. No need to dwell on how he had caused his own expulsion two years ago, or on his hallucinations or whatever they were. To Percy,those were as normal as the deja vu moments people often talk about, and he had long before decided to classify them as caused-by-tiredness-and-imagination. "There we are, kid," said the driver as the car stopped. Percy thanked him and, before he could get out, the driver stopped him. "Reminds me, you didn't tell me your name," he said. Percy hesitated for a short moment; after all, his mom often told him not to trust strangers. But something in the cabbie's voice, probably his honest curiosity, told Percy he could make an exception just this once. "Percy," replied the boy, right before adding, "and I should call you...?" "Randall. I guess I gotta get going, and you should probably go before you're late." Percy smiled, and after paying and getting out, he heard Randall say: "You keep watchin' out fer them crossing dogs for me, Percy," to which the boy replied with a wave. A second later, the cab was speeding away. Percy turned his attention to his new school and felt a mix of anxiety and...well, nothing else; just plain anxiety. It was similar to all the schools he ever went to, but he felt different about this one. He easily found the dorm; a girl showed him where it was. Arriving there, he put his bags beside an empty bed and sat down. He looked around him; it was a pretty simple arrangement. Beds were arranged in straight lines, and there was a small table next to each one. Percy sighed, and the bell anouncing the beginning of his first class rang. He entered his class, sitting at an empty spot and he paid so little attention that the teacher had to yell his name three times. "Jackson, Percy!" "I'm here," he said, blushing. The teacher, an old woman, gazed at him and then continued the calling. After every student had answered, the class started. Percy felt his attention drifting more and more with every minute. His mind kept drifting from one subject to another...his mom...the thing he saw earlier...his lousy drunk of a stepfather...and before he knew it that first class, algebra was over. The rest of the morning was pretty normal; Percy was ignored by most of his schoolmates, but he didn't care. At lunch, he sat alone, and didn't notice the teenager who was sitting and staring at him anxiously. As he was eating, the same guy came over to him and sat beside him. "Hi," he said in a squeaky voice. "My name is Grover Underwood." Percy gazed at the dark skinned guy in front of him. He had curly brown hair, a small goatee and he had crutches leaning against his chair. "Um...Hi, I'm Percy; nice to meet you." Grover gave him a shy smile, and started eating his lunch. "So... what school did you go to last year?" he asked, chewing his apple. "Goode," replied Percy. "It's very far from here." "Yeah,