Disclaimer: All characters mentioned in the following story are owned by J.K. Rowling unless stated otherwise. Plot and events were written by me. No copyright infringement intended. Warning: The following story contains setting and description of sexual nature. Viewer's description is strongly advised. CHAPTER 1 Draco Malfoy " It was inevitable. Fate doesn't care about your plans. " He took everything for granted. He didn't value the materialistic objects he had. His peers loathed him because he had no appreciation for the simpler beauties of life. He was a brat. He was a coward. He was the last choice anyone would pick to trust. But war changes people. And Draco Lucius Malfoy shed the skin of a petulant boy and was reborn a man. He never took anything for granted since – not his life, not his wealth, not even his friends and what little of them remained – and especially not his family's life. After the fall of Voldemort, the entire Wizarding World of Britain took a great yearlong reprieve to rebuild itself. Little by little, the Ministry was running again, the shops were slowly re-opening; people felt it was safe to walk the streets once more. And finally, Hogwarts opened its door to all the students who wished to come back. In the pursuit of normalcy, and at the behest of a handful of people that he still cared for, Draco relented to go back to school and finish his final year. But he was nervous, though he would never verbally admit, that after the war he has cut himself off from his schoolmates. The only people he ever lingered around were his father, Severus Snape (when he wanted to escape his father), Gregory Goyle and Vincent Crabbe (when he wanted to escape his father and godfather), and occasionally the awkward letters exchanged with Nott junior – but beyond them he spoke to no one else. So the fact that Draco was clenching the strap to his book bag a little too tightly to render his knuckles white, and kept his head down while he walked the halls without meeting the eyes of the students from the other houses because it set his stomach into multiple knots, was most certainly not an exaggeration. And if he had had breakfast that day then he would have welcomed it back out the same way it went in. The Malfoy heir groaned when he revised his schedule for the first day – Transfiguration. Though he proved to be literally Outstanding in the division, he detested the subject and the teacher enlightening it. Even while he was walking toward the classroom in question, he was still mentally debating if he should skip that particular class and attend the next one. But no sooner had the thought crossed his mind than a large pale hand clamped down on his shoulder, halting the shuffle of his polished shoes and the gears of his thoughts to a dead stop. Almost like the deflector used his talent in Legilimency to peer into the young Malfoy's mind and spot the scheme to play hooky. "I trust that you are tackling your schedule with much enthusiasm, Mister Malfoy. After all, it is your last year within the walls of our esteemed school and should make much of your youth before thrusting yourself into the hectic world of adulthood." Draco turned his head to regard his shrewdly clad addressor. "Yes, Headmaster." He gritted out, with much respect and bitterness he could muster. Snape craned an astute eyebrow as though he doubted his godson's sincerity, yet was unfazed by his tone. "It would behoove you to admirably do so, Draco." Draco awkwardly hiked the strap of his bag further over his shoulder with a grimace. "Did my father request you keep an eye on me, sir ? I do not need to be chaperoned. I am of age majority, yeah?" "I do not take pleasure in mincing my words. And should your father convey any message to you, you will be bluntly informed of such …. regards." The older wizard tiled his head. "And as your headmaster, I have sufficient pubescent delinquents on my hands than to focus much of my attention on one student." Snape sneered. But when the dark-haired wizard noticed the flush gracing his godson's aristocratic cheekbones he softened his next words and squeezed the younger wizard's shoulder in a concealed gesture of assurance. In a much lower tone Snape uttered to the young Malfoy. "I convey not as your headmaster, nor as Lucius' proxy, but merely as a godparent to his godson. Take gratification in these moments spent among your friends, or grow to be old and regret the opportunity." With slumped shoulders Draco met the older wizard's obsidian gaze. "Yes, uncle." He spoke in a hushed voice to avoid drawing attention to the sentimentality being exchanged by the lease probable individuals. "Good. Now on your way." Snape released his hold on Draco's shoulder and gave his upper back a hard tap to send him on his route to class before walking in the opposite direction in a flutter of dark robes. It was a miracle that Draco made it to his Transfiguration class with an extra minute to spare. Mcgonagall was already at her desk, waiting for students to file into their respective seats, and shot Draco a critical stare as he took his place. He already knew what that look meant so he should probably be on his best behavior, since Mcgonagall gave detentions more freely to Slytherins than Dumbledore used to give candy to his office visitors. The aging witch preferred to rob the snakes of their free time, and give all the points to her beloved little cubs. Draco merely returned the witch's stare before he opened his bag and took out his requirements for the lesson. His resolution for this academic year was to step on as fewer toes as he dared. He just wanted to get this over with. Even when Potter arrived a few moments after Draco took a seat, did he only exchange a nod with the other boy out of respect of shared past experience during much harder and dire times, but that was the limit Draco was going to spare The-Boy-Who-Lived. There was no mandatory requirement to suddenly become bosom buddies. Potter himself conveyed the same body language to his peers as the young Malfoy heir did. Although in Draco's opinion, Potter's peers didn't get the memo since they still hounded him for being their precious war hero, and the young Weasley girl clung to him like a little parasite. Draco was suddenly snapped out of his reverie when the door to the class was magically slammed shut by their professor as she rose from her chair and verbally reviewed their semester curriculum, which the white chalk behind her levitated on the black board to write in bullet-points the head topics. The class started for the first few minutes in silence while the students took notes as Mcgonagall gave the introduction lecture. Suddenly the door burst open and into the classroom she came. With her book bag barely being held at the edge of her shoulder and her school robes, rolled and draped over her arm haphazardly, almost certainly she was too rushed in her haste to make the class on time to even wear it. Her hair fluttered about her shoulder in delicate locks as she halted between the aisle of desks, chest heavily panting from the obvious jog, since she barreled into the classroom like a whirlwind of skirt and hair. And it was only when she stopped did the blonde wizard scrutinize the young female carefully. Draco had to do a double take, because at first glance he didn't recognize who she was. The scarf that loosely hung around her neck and the lining of her ridiculously short pleated skirt proved she was indeed a Gryffindor, but no member he was previously acquainted with. Nothing about her was recognizable. And he would have definitely taken notice of this witch as she had a pair of shapely legs better than he had seen any girl close to his age possess. Draco Malfoy was so close to labeling this witch as " unidentified ", until Professor McGonagall had to reprimands said witch for her tardiness did Draco's visage morph into thunder-stricken shock and a little bitter awe. " Miss Granger , it's a little early in the year to start arriving late to your very first class!" Minerva exasperated as she tapped her wand on her free hand, surprising Draco to the fact that the Head of Gryffindor was chastising one her golden pupils. "I'm sorry, Professor! The shifting staircases delayed me; I couldn't jump them in time. I had to take a detour. It will not happen again!" Hermione replied tripping over her words, still trying to catch her breath from her scurry. "I would most certainly hope not. As Head Girl you should be setting a good example for the younglings in your house!" McGonagall huffed. "Yes, Ma'am." "Well, take a seat, dear!" the professor chided. Precious seconds of her lesson already wasted. Finally remembering where she was, Hermione dropped on the only spot available next to Harry, who bumped shoulders with her and made the girl instinctively smile at him. McGonagall resumed her lecture as she discussed their preparations for N.E.W.T.s , but Draco Malfoy couldn't focus on the professor even if his life depended on it. " Fucking hell ! I don't remember her being like … that !" Greg whispered harshly next to Draco. But Draco found himself tongue-tied, only able to nod his head once; with fists clenched so tight he snapped his ivory peacock feathered quill. He internally groaned as he recalled leaving his spare quills in his dorm room. Goyle had a point, she couldn't be the same Mud … the same Muggle-born witch they knew for many years. The first thing he always spotted with the witch was her crazy wild poof of brown curls. It was easy to single out from far away and among crowds, like it was easy to spot Draco's shimmering platinum blonde head of hair as a shining beacon from yards away. But no. Now .. Now it was entirely different, yet somewhat the same. The hair was thick as usual but the mess of curls has been managed and tamed into undivided waves of brown locks. Even the color wasn't that awful unappealing shade of dirt . It was darker, richer, an intensely deep mahogany, that somehow mysteriously glittered gold whenever it caught the light in just the right way. And she grew her hair out; it no longer covered the tops of her shoulders. Now it cascaded elegantly all the way down to her lower back in a chocolate waterfall. When Draco's grey eyes trailed to the ends of the witch's hair, he had to swallow down the heavy lump forming in his throat, when his eyes met a flair of wide hips. It could have been the pleated school skirt that may have exaggerated the flamboyance of her lower physique. But the outrageously short hem of the skirt that ended mid-thigh displayed a pair of thighs and legs that were too sculpted for a girl her age among a sea of stick-figured and slender shaped girls. In a secluded part of his mind, Draco wondered if her school attire was even within the bounds of proper academic wear. It looked sinful enough, and had the added effect of causing the Malfoy heir's palms to turn clammy, and his limbs to twitch in a way most unbecoming of his pureblooded prestige. And what irritated the boy further was the verity that she let her conservative robe lay beside her on the seat without bothering to wear it like the rest of her peers. He discreetly looked around the class, no one seemed to notice or care – aside from