Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games, they belong to Suzanne Collins. Warning: Snippets of child abuse, sexual abuse/rape, and murder. Catalyst Katniss was five years old when a single event took place, altering the course of her innocent life forever. Sometimes she wonders how life would have turned out had her father survived. Had he just stayed home that day? Then she remembers that thinking about what if's and could have beens was way more painful than accepting the life that she was dealt. Her father was a police officer in Precinct 12 of the city of Panem. He was killed in the line of duty, and his name and family were given medals of Honor, an act that they hoped would ease the pain that was left in the wake of his death. They didn't. It had been a fine summer's day. She could clearly recall the details of this day, a catalyst of what would become her life in the years to come. It would stay with her forever until she too ceased to exist in this seemingly miserable world. He had sat at the head of the kitchen table, smiling from ear to ear. That smile shown in his silver eyes, eyes that she shared with him. It was a good day, he would leave for work in a matter of minutes, close to eight and would return home early. Today was a special day. Today was Katniss's birthday. Today she was five years old and her father was taking a short day so that he could be home with her and her mother and her one month old little sister to celebrate. Her mother was at the stove flipping pancakes, while Katniss sneaked peaks into the basinet that her parents had moved into the kitchen to hold the youngest child in the Everdeen family. This was her baby sister, Primrose Everdeen. A stark contrast to Katniss and her father, this was definitely the mini me to the Everdeen matriarch. What with her snowy white blonde hair, and already strikingly blue eyes. She thinks these features remind her of someone else besides her mother. A boy around her age who lives down the street. Katniss hums a melody to her sister. She loves her so much and she is only a month old, she knows now she will do anything for this baby, at the tender age of five. Because of this Primrose Everdeen will be safeguarded from the horrors of her elder sister's life. "You should sing a little for me and your baby sister. Please Katniss?" Her father had said to her and she eagerly moved to comply. "What song do you think, Primrose?" She smiles down at the child, admiration apparent on her soft features. (These hardened as Katniss's life shaped to the mold it was placed in later on.) "Clementine." Her mother had requested and at the time it was one of her favorites. So she had taken a deep breath and began to sing, a strong and beautiful voice for one of only five years of age. A talent Katniss sure does have. A voice, which she will lose. In a cavern, in a canyon Excavating for a mine Lived a miner, forty-niner And his daughter, Clementine Oh, my darling, oh, my darling Oh, my darling Clementine You are lost and gone forever Dreadful sorry, Clementine Before she had the chance to finish her song, the small radio that sat on the kitchen table began to let off beeping noises and a voice called over. The radio was calling her father away. "An emergency, I must go now." He stopped at the door and turned to give a smile to his daughter. One that none of them knew would be his last. "I'll be back by three, okay?" Katniss ran forward and hugged her father's legs saying, "Go catch the bad guy's daddy!" At five she was very proud of what her father did, she would brag around the neighborhood to the other children about how her daddy was a hero, and fought crime. One day when the Mellark boys had been fighting about who the best super hero was they had cornered her by the large apple tree for her opinion. "Batman, Spiderman or Superman?" They had asked, and they were angered when she replied with, "My daddy." Then she punched the eldest one when he told her that her daddy wasn't a super hero. They didn't play with her so much anymore. After her father walked out that door, her mother had ushered her outside to play. She was with Madge, the only girl on the block she could be around and play nice with, when Capt. Cinna, her father's superior officer had come to deliver the bad news. The call that had pulled Mr. Everdeen away from his family that morning had been an armed robbery at The Capitol, the most prestigious bank in Panem. He had been trying to appeal to the criminals while speaking through a loud speaker when apparently they got tired of it and sent a few bullets into the gas tank of his squad car. Needless to say there really wasn't much left of Katniss's father after that, they were forced to have a closed casket funeral. Apparently her mother had just collapsed in shock, not even bothering to figure out how to tell her eldest daughter what happened. She locked herself in her room after that, she didn't even come out for the funeral. Their neighbor, Haymitch Abernathy escorted Katniss to the funeral at the graveyard, even brought the youngest Everdeen. He knew the Everdeen matriarch was merely a shell of who she once had been, not emotionally there enough to care for her children. The funeral was the last place anyone heard Katniss Everdeen sing, save for Primrose, who would hear that sweet voice many times in the future, guiding her in a different direction than Katniss. Katniss stood next to the hole in the ground where they were lowering her father's casket. She wanted, no needed to say goodbye to her father in a way only he could appreciate. So she sang. Deep in the meadow, under the willow A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes And when again they open, the sun will rise. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you Deep in the meadow, hidden far away A cloak of leaves, a moonbeam ray Forget your woes and let your troubles lay And when again it's morning, they'll wash away Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you A lone tear strays from her grey eyes and her brown twin braids flutter when she turns her head to catch the eyes of the youngest Mellark boy. They linger, staring at each other. Her pain palpable and there is where Peeta Mellark, the youngest of the baker's sons, is forever tied to Katniss. After three years her mother had re-married just as the grand design of life had called for. Katniss was eight and her baby sister, Primrose, was three when old man Cray moved in. Cray was nothing like her father, where he had been warm and loving, Cray was cold and cruel. He owned the Korner Store down the street though and was able to keep the widowed Everdeens afloat. Katniss loathed Cray, and she supposed he didn't care much for her either if his constant yelling at her was any indicator toward the fact. He was tolerable with Prim though, and that was all Katniss cared about. The first month consisted of Katniss always being harped at, causing her to spend more and more time outside. She spent much of her time with either Madge or the youngest Mellark boy, Peeta. Since the funeral the two of them had found themselves drawn together, even if it was to just sit in silence beneath the apple tree. Today though they were playing a new game, in her backyard. Baseball. Peeta had recently received a ball and bat from his eldest brother as a birthday present and had begged Katniss to play with him. After several minutes of him batting his unfathomably long blonde eyelashes over his sky blue eyes, that always made her think of Prim, she had agreed. It was her turn to hold the bat and swing at the ball as Peeta pitched the ball towards her. "Come on, Mellark!" She stood with her legs positioned so they were shoulder length apart and gripped the bat with her hands spaced just perfectly so. Cray had barely let her finish eating her toast this morning before he had screamed at her about being such a bratty child and then proceeded to shut her out of the house, locking it so she couldn't come back in until the sun would set. Katniss was ready to take out her frustration at the man her mother, who she was not happy with either, had married on this innocent ball. "Shhh…don't get your panties in a bunch, Everdeen ." Peeta jabbed at her using her given name as she had while he flicked his head slightly to remove the soft blonde wave of hair that had chosen that moment to slide into his eye sight. "I'm trying to work on my wind up!" He let the ball fly as Katniss rolled her eyes. Katniss swung and seconds later they both heard the window over the kitchen sink shatter into a million pieces. "Uh oh." She muttered to herself as she dropped the bat onto the grass. She glanced over to Peeta, who by the way seemed to have saucers for eyes at the moment. "See you later, Katniss!" He shouted as he took off running in the direction of his house, she couldn't blame him though. Who wanted to listen to old man Cray scream and yell? She knew she didn't want to, but she would. "You impudent child!" What does that mean? Those were the thoughts that drifted to her mind as she tried to just shut out the lecture that she was enduring, his daily rants were really getting tiring. He must have felt the same way. Cray had left the doorway that led into their kitchen and was stomping towards her and she didn't even see it coming. He slapped her across the face, hard enough to send her to the ground where she gripped her cheek. She was shocked. Although she wasn't able to recover from that shock before he had reached down and grabbed her by one of her two braids that she wore her hair in every day. Katniss was scared. Before she knew it she was in the house and he was shoving her against the refrigerator, which she met with her shoulder. "Owww, you're hurting me!" She called out. Yeah, she was used to him yelling at her, but this, this was new. "Shut up!" He yelled at her as he grabbed her by her arm and led her to the kitchen sink where all those small pieces of window glass lie scattered on the floor. Cray shoved her to the ground and kicked her in the stomach. "Clean it up and then go to bed." Every muscle in her little eight year old body hurt, and her heart hurt, because she knew her mother was in the other room listening and did nothing. Cray had moved in and began to financially care for her mother, Primrose and herself. Yet, he was so hateful towards her, like she herself was responsible for everything that ever went wrong in the world. She cried