Haymitch has two tributes. A boy, dark-haired, lanky, sallow-skinned, and a girl, a little wisp of a kid who's supposed to be fourteen but looks barely twelve with her blonde pigtails. Shitfy eyes, body trembling nervously. Terror written in stark lines all over their faces. They're both prey , is Haymitch's first thought when he sees them being reaped. Never going to survive in the arena. On the train, they gorge themselves on all the food they can, hunger finally satiated after a lifetime of starvation. The escort purses his lips and scowls at them, berating them for their uncouth behavior, and Haymitch wants to punch him in the face because he doesn't know what's it's like to come from nothing and suddenly have everything offered to you, to have all the food you could ever dream of right there under your nose - food that you didn't have to sweat for, to fight for, to bleed for. He has no idea how all of this feels, this little peacock from the Capitol with his ridiculous yellow canary hair and even more ridiculous name (Majoris Flutterbee, seriously?). He was born in silk sheets, never went a day hungry in his life, and he will never understand, and, god, does it pisses Haymitch off. But even though his hands are itching to ball into fists, Haymitch breathes out and relaxes, because as he learned in a very painful lesson not so long ago, there are limits to rebellion. Yes, he does vaguely wonder what else the Capitol could do to him, that's true... but he's not foolish enough to want to find out. However, there is one question he'd like answered, that of the fate of last year's escort, his escort, the woman who drew his name out of the bowl. Did the Capitol had her killed, too? The question is poised on Haymitch's lips and he's just about to ask it when Majoris speaks up: "I hope you have a good plan," he says, looking dismissively at the kids. "Yeah, and it's a really simple one, too," Haymitch shots back. "They just have to stay alive." Sarcasm: the best defense against Capitol stupidity. "Are we going to die?" the boy suddenly asks. His eyes are still wet from earlier tears, and gray, the gray of the Seam. Just like Micah's, and with that thought, Haymitch feels his heart constrict for his dead little brother. Anger rises, choking up his throat. He wants to tell the Capitol to fuck off, to find someone else - anyone else - to mentor these tributes. How can they give him two kids to care for when they took everything from him, took everyone from him? What a sick, twisted joke. But the girl's looking at him too now, her eyes holding the same intensity as the boy's, and Haymitch sees something in them, something that he hesitates to name. Is it hope? It certainly looks like it. The realization is sobering, injecting steel into his spine. These kids are counting on him, and he'll be damned if he lets them down. "Not if I can help it," he answers. And so he tries. It's his first time as a mentor, and since he didn't get one, he's not exactly sure what he's supposed to do. Fortunately the second day a fellow mentor from District 11 offers to teach him the ropes. Very soon Haymitch is playing the game the way the Capitol intended, coaching both the boy and the girl to be more likeable, meeting sponsors, smiling, lying, and generally being conniving. It's all about appearances, deceit, and cleverness. He likes that, and he wonders what that says about him. Despite his best efforts, his tributes' scores are pitiful and they cut a poor image, overshadowed by pretty much everyone else. But Haymitch doesn't stop trying, for their sake, because they're still looking at him with so much hope, as if he could single-handedly change their fate, and it kills him to know they put that kind of trust in him. He doesn't deserve any of it. When they both die in the bloodbath, a mere thirty seconds into the Games, he punches the wall over and over again, until all he can feel are his hands, bloody and raw. I'll do better next time , he tells himself. Next time comes too fast. The year shots by like an arrow, and suddenly Haymitch has two tributes again. The boy's even skinnier than last time, all bones and sharp angles, but the girl looks strong and more capable, with her eighteen years of age in tow, and yes, Haymitch can work with that. "You did it, you won," the girl says, looking at him like he's the Second Coming or something. "So maybe I can win too." Yeah, he won. He still wonders how sometimes. Or if it wouldn't have been better if he hadn't. "I watched you in the arena, you were stronger than those Careers," she goes on as the boy eats and eats and eats. "Faster," Haymitch corrects. "And I had help." The girl glances at her District partner, who hasn't said a word since the reaping. "Can you do anything?" Her query is only met with more silence. It turns out he can't: he actually scores a one in training. Haymitch sighs and decides to focus on the girl, who managed to get a seven. She makes quite a impression during her interview, and he's fairly confident he can get sponsors for her. Then the Games start. As expected, the boy dies on the first day. The girl lasts a little longer, but on the third day she runs afoul of the Career pack, and that's the end of her, and the end of hope for District 12. Haymitch is starting to understand why every mentor he met has that same look in their eyes - not the Career ones of course, but all the others. It's a look that speaks of utter defeat and aching resignation, a look that says "We are mentoring dead tributes and it's a miracle when one of them actually returns from the arena." It's a look that he'll see next time he's facing a mirror. Blood. It always starts with blood. The taste of it in his mouth, the feel of it on his hands. He slits the throat of the Career from One and his corpse smiles at him, fingers reaching towards his face. He wants to turn around and run, but his legs are paralyzed, rooted on the spot, and then it's not the Career anymore but Maysilee, Maysilee who slams him on the ground, blood dripping from her mouth and dead eyes staring into his own. Screaming, screaming. That he couldn't protect her, couldn't save her, that he can't save any of them. Then her body explodes into a flurry of pink birds, and they swarm him, stabbing every part of his body. Blood gushes red and the wave of it overwhelms him until he's drowning in it. It's his own screams that wake him up. His eyes open in the gloom of his room. Throat on fire, whole body sweating, vision blurry. He's gripping his knife so tightly that it takes him a whole minute before he can relax his fingers enough to let it go. Finally it clatters to the floor, and Haymitch just lay there on his bed, trying to convince himself that it's not real, that he escaped the arena and everything's fine. Except he was never very good at lying to himself. In the end he gets out of bed, stumbles to the fridge, takes out the bottle of liquor he bought the other day, and he drinks and drinks until he can't remember his own name. Another year. Two other tributes. He's used to it by now. The fear, the despair, the crying at the reaping. The shock on the kids' faces when they board the train. The façade of bravery they try to put on when they face the crowd of the Capitol. There's no hope in his tributes' eyes this year; they know full well they're going to die. Haymitch doesn't bother denying it. He still does his job, anyway. Or tries to. They never make it past the first day in the Games, but that night they come back to life in his dream, dying again and again while he watches helplessly. The night after they're joined by all the other tributes he failed to save, and Haymitch's sleep is even more fitful than the usual. He finds the white liquor helps a bit. Tributes. That's all he sees now. He lives alone in the Victor village, but whenever he goes to the Seam, all the kids he crosses path with are potential tributes in his mind. He's constantly sizing them up, gauging their strength, guessing their weaknesses. It's like a reflex he can't turn off. A way of seeing the world that has burrowed so far into his mind it has now become a part of it. And everytime he does it, he wonders if he's going to have to mentor that kid next time. If he'll see him die. If that young, fresh face is going to join all the others in his nightmares. In the end, he avoids going out as much as he can, staying shut in his house. Loneliness suits him better. "Do you ever count?" he asks Chaff one morning as they're both watching the Games. "Count what?" Chaff's eyes are firmly on the screen, following the course of the hovercraft as it sets out to retrieve the corpse of his male tribute. Haymitch lost his in the bloodbath, days ago. Their female tributes are still alive, though. Haymitch's one is badly injured and will probably die soon unless he can muster something up with a sponsor. As for the girl from District 11, she's holed up safely in a tree, away from the main fight zones and in a much better position. "How many tributes you've lost," Haymitch clarifies. "No." The word is said with such finality that Haymitch can't help but laugh. "Liar." Silence. On the screen, the hovercraft lifts up the body of the twelve-year old boy, swallowing it in its belly. Then the scene cuts away to focus on some other tribute. Chaff gives an almost inaudible sigh. "Thirty-one," he says. Later that day, a cannon booms in the arena, and Haymitch thinks to himself: Sixteen . In addition to keeping count of how many children he failed to save, Haymitch also keeps a running tally of the most common sentences uttered by his tributes. "We're going to die", comes first, followed closely by "It's not fair", and then, in third position, "I've never seen so much food in my whole life". As for him, he knows exactly what to say and what to do by now. Not that it ever makes a difference. Ten years. That's how long it took him to give up. But finally, he's done it. Done with that all mentoring thing. He can't keep doing this. He can't. So he drowns himself in alcohol, numbing his mind, wrecking his body - not that it matters. It's easier with the booze, easier not to care, easier to forget his tributes. They almost always die in the Cornucopia bloodbath, and he doesn't even watch the games anymore, just shut himself in his room and drinks until it's over. He doesn't want to see them die, doesn't want to see them bloody, scared and in pain. It happens in his dreams anyway. And the years pass and pass. At one point Majoris goes away, replaced by a woman. Young, bubbly, pink. Insufferable. Haymitch hates her even more than Majoris, and that's saying something. At least the old escort knew when to quit and had stopped pestering Haymitch long ago. But this Effie won't leave him alone, insisting he has to