Chapter One I stared at the unfamiliar legs crossing in front of me. At the very end of those well-toned legs was a seductive color of candy apple red toe nails, and sleek black heels that wrapped sensually around the feet. The thin silk material of the red dress slipped off and exposed more skin of the inner thighs. Nervously, I lifted the skirt and draped it over my thigh. I've never done this before. Dress like I was someone else. "Don't. It's so appealing to see your legs exposed like this." His hands were cold to the touch. Maybe because the air in the car was blasted at a cool temperature. Still, he held onto my hands. I took in a deep breath. I was doing this for him. He did look ravenous himself this evening, but you could barely tell with the mask he wore. It was a requirement to wear a mask to these event parties. It was our first ever. Nothing I've ever heard of before, but he wanted to come. It was our last resort to save our relationship, and I was willing to do anything for him. My hands went up near his face, and I placed his curl behind his ear. He brought my hands to his lips and pressed them softly. The warmth of his kiss sent a shiver down my spine. I missed his delicate touches and caresses. We did lose our intimacy after all these years, but work had taken over and our lives got too busy. We didn't argue at all, actually. It seemed to be perfect with the exception of our intimacy being lost. I still loved him. I needed him. Yet, I honestly didn't know if he still felt the same way. We weren't committed to each other yet, but this would help us know if we were meant to be forever. After I came home late from work one night, I finally spoke up and asked him if there was anything I could do to add passion into our relationship. He didn't seem phased by it, but a few days later and he had suggested we attend this secret event. It was by invitation only, and he knew of someone who thought this would be the perfect way to ignite our passion. "Bella, you look absolutely ravishing. I could take you right here and make love to you." He kissed my lips and played with my tongue before I could reply back to his kiss. "Then let's go home. We don't need this, do we?" He sat up stiff and stared out the window. "I'm sorry, Jasper. We'll try this then. I want to know what I need do to make you desire me again." He finally looked at me. "I love you, Bella. You're too good to me." Our driver finally pulled up to the house. It was more of a castle. There were several cars already in front of us and behind us. "Looks like it's a full house tonight." He smiled at me and seemed giddy at the excitement for this evening. The valet opened our door, and we stepped out in front of the massive entryway of the house. There was a gentleman at the door who controlled the front door, but before he did, he didn't speak a word to us. Jasper remembered and pulled out the thick envelope in his jacket. The gentleman opened the envelope and read the invitation. With his approval, he opened the door and we entered into the house. The hallway was dark but the lights dimmed enough for us to see the guests. I took in another deep breath. How did I ever talk myself into this? Everyone was staring at us as we walked in. Jasper was confidant in his stride, but I felt timid and wanted to hide behind Jasper the entire evening. As my arm wrapped around his left arm, he held my hand. "Darling, please relax. If we don't learn anything tonight, then it's perfectly fine. But let's enjoy this for a moment, and see what we can discover." I nodded my head. I wanted to be submissive to his wishes. It pleased me so much to see him smile at me, knowing I was doing everything I could for him. "Jasper!" I saw a tall elegant woman with a beautiful evening gown walking towards us. Her hair was short, and with the dark lights I couldn't tell if her hair was auburn or a light brown. Her smile lit up the room though, and her perfect straight teeth were flawless. Her lips were a bright red, and behind her mask, her eyes sparkled a friendly glare. "Alice." Alice. She was the one who Jasper had met and invited us to this event. They met through a mutual friend and became close friends themselves. She wanted to help, and I thought her sincerity was quite overbearing, but Jasper assured me it was for us. She placed her hand on his arm and rubbed them gently. "You look amazing." She turned to look at me, "This must be Bella. Oh my goodness, Jasper. Why on earth would you need tonight when she looks like a fucking goddess in that damn dress? Hell, I'd fuck her." Thank goodness for the dim lighting because I was blushing refutably. "Yes. Bella went beyond herself tonight and is exceptionally stunning. I'm one very lucky man." The things he said, I didn't know why we were here tonight. I was ready to leave with him already. "Well, Bella and Jasper, I know you both are aware of what happens tonight. So please don't hesitate to ask me any questions. I am so happy you both are here, and I guarantee you, it will be an evening you shall never forget or regret." She then turned her attention towards me, "So to start, Bella, since Jasper is just too delectable to pass on tonight, I'm going to steal him away from you for a moment. But no worries, he will always go home with you tonight as promised." And so it begins. I took in another deep breath and had to accept this. Jasper slowly let go of my hands, but not before looking me in the eyes, "Don't worry. Please open yourself too, and remember I love you." With that last statement, I saw him drift away with Alice in his arms. He was giving his warm smile that I've come to love. Now, I felt so cold being left alone in a room full of strangers. I kept staring at them as their figures became smaller. They walked up the stairs and went behind closed doors. I began to feel nauseated. My chest ached at the thought of allowing another woman to take Jasper. I was weak and allowed this to happen to myself. What if he never came back to me? But he promised. This whole ordeal was psychotic, and I couldn't believe I agreed to it. But I kept telling myself I love him. We needed this to save us. This was normal behavior now with couples. I felt warm hands on my bare shoulders, and a soft breath released behind my ears. It sent a warm sensation down my back and caused the intricate hairs behind my neck to rise. I took in a deep breath at my surprised reaction. "You know, don't make it so obvious that you're a virgin at this party. The veterans at these parties love the weak novices like you to prey on. Such an easy target, and then so easily abused. You'll never make it alive." I was appalled at what I was hearing. I turned myself around, "What the hell are you talking about?" I froze at the blue-grayish eyes preying on me. His mask was a simple plain black mask which didn't hide his perfect structured jaw lines. His hair had golden highlights that I could still see through the luminous lights. He was tailored to perfection. His warm hands still had a grip on my shoulders. I stared at his hands, and he realized his position; so he gently lowered his hands. He then took my hand and kissed it. His warm lips were soft, and I could feel him slip the tip of his tongue on my hand. Somehow, I didn't pull away but allowed him to continue. He looked up at me, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. I'm barely trying to enlighten you on how these parties work." Maybe I was overreacting. Surely, there was some humanity left in this room especially in a room full of promiscuous and scandalous people. "My name is Edward. Edward Cullen." I shook my head and reminded myself to forget every judgment I was going to have tonight. "I'm Bella." "Just Bella?" He twisted his head wanting my full name. "I'm sorry, Edward. I don't know you, and I'm not ready to privy you with my full name, so it'll have to be Bella for now." "Seems fair." "Was I that obvious?" "About your last name?" "No. You stated I was an obvious novice at this. Does it really show, and is it really true what you just said?" He laughed at my question. Why was he laughing? I was being serious. "To answer your questions, yes and yes. Please, Bella, let me offer you a drink." He led his hand towards the bar, and we walked over to the bartender. "James, I'll have a whiskey on the rocks and the lady will have a . . .?" "Cabernet Sauvignon, please." "I didn't take you for a whiskey girl anyways." "I barely drink. Only on special occasions and tonight definitely calls for one." As James handed our drinks, he winked at me. "Your first night, M'am?" "I am that obvious, aren't I?" Even the bartender knew. I was doomed. How was any of this going to help Jasper and me? "I'm a bartender. I notice everything at these parties, but no worries. You're in good hands with Edward." "I'll give you my opinion after this evening, James." I raised my glass to James. "To new adventures." Edward raised his glass, "No, to you. Because you're about to indulge into one of the most life changing events of your life." I couldn't agree more. As we roamed around the house, I noticed how easy it was for others to find one another. Oh my goodness, have I been living under a rock my entire life. This world was so different from what I knew. Sexuality was no longer sacred amongst two people. "Bella, if seeing all this is too much; we can go talk in a private room." "Is that how you allure the ladies into a room?" He let out another chuckle at my question. "No actually. If you really want to know, the women here don't require asking at all. Everyone is pretty open and aware of what happens next after some intriguing conversations. It doesn't take much convincing. Sometimes, it's the same crowd, so you already have preselection in works." I took in a deep breath. Alice. She had wanted Jasper already. She knew this was the only way without having to tarnish whatever it was that she was trying not to ruin. What was she trying to protect? "Sure." "I'm sorry. I can't read your mind sometimes. Sure what?" "I mean, sure, let's go into a private room. It seems you're honest enough to give me some answers and tips." "Well, my student, then follow your sensei upstairs." I wanted to go upstairs, in hopes that I would run into Jasper. But as we walked pass their room, it was still closed. I tried to slow down to see if I could hear anything. "These rooms are built with pretty thick walls, and may I suggest that your intentions to be not to listen on in. It'll ruin the rest