These first few chapter will just introduce our main Character, Nefertari, and will explain her beginnings. This is going to be a small project but feedback is always appreciated. Anyways Enjoy! Disclaimer: All publicly recognisable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author of this story. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended ~Chapter 1~ The Death of Nefertari The Banks of the Nile river: Egypt 3116 BC. With the Sun beginning to rise above the dusty plains of the grand Egyptian empire, it would have been easy to overlook the figure of a rather tiny woman carrying a bundle clutched close to her breast with another figure clung close to her rushing feet, running between the shadows cast by the glaring morning sun. Moving quickly and as silently as possible the woman headed towards her destination, while trying to keep her small sobs as quiet as possible as to keep from startling the sleeping infant and small child clinging to her robes. Just as the birds begin to wake and the silent landscape awakens the woman reaches her destination, a Temple of her Gods. Quickly kneeling down she turns to her young child and gives him a silent heartbreaking embrace, muttering in his confused ears while placing her prized bundle in his arms. "Protect your sister, and may the Gods look over you" With one finally look towards her children, the woman turned and fled before her tears fell down her face, leaving her two children to the mercy of those residing within the temple walls. ~ 11 years years following ~ "Osiris please stop running, I want to play with you" Nefertari called after her brother, whose little legs of just 11 years could not keep up with those of her older brother and his friends from the market. "Ris tell your freak of a sister to leave us alone" Shouted Cerberus, one of her brothers friends, before running ahead hollering and laughing. Turning back to his sister Osiris looked guilty for a few seconds before running ahead to his friends, leaving his small sister alone in the Temple. Slowing to a stop in front of one of many giant statues that graced the Temple, Nefertari began to cry, her tears falling from her unusually light grey eyes making several paths down her olive skin before falling in tiny splashes to the floor. 'Why am I cursed' she sighed rubbing at her face to remove all traces of tears just as the figure of one of the temple elders came into view. "I know you've been crying Nefertari, your eyes get all the lighter, plus I know you prefer the company of Anubis" She said pointing at the statue that she had unconsciously stopped at "When you're upset or want company". "I don't belong anywhere, I'm cursed, even my own flesh and blood prefers the company of others and our mother hated me so much she left us abandoned here" Nefertari cried, turning to look out across the familiar dry landscape. "A gift from a God is no curse , you were chosen because you're special and this should be a blessing. Your brother and his friends are just scared of what they don't understand" Aditya offered, placing a mothering hand upon Nefertari's shoulder. "Your brother has always been a mean little boy and age is only worsening this! He is jealous of you being in favour with the God's yet he holds hatred over the belief that you're the reason for his abandonment, which I must remind you is untrue, your mother loved you greatly " "Then why does it feel like a burden rather than a gift? What would anyone want this!" "Nefertari, believe me I know many a powerful men who would love to use your ability for their own gain, which is why we do not leave the safety of this temple. Love, promise me you'll never leave here without a guardian with you?" The young girl no older than 12 turned again to look over the outstretched view with anger. Ignoring the elders comforting words and instead choosing to focus on a single bird soaring above the city freely. Envying this freedom the young girl focuses in concentration on the innocent creature, smiling with satisfaction as it's small body tumbles lifelessly from the sky. No sooner has her anger been released does the feeling of guilt take over, to kill is not within her nature. A sharp but painless tug on her wrist pulls her focus from the fallen creature "Nefertari! We do not harm the innocent nor do we use gifts irresponsibly, or are you as mean spirited at your brother and his friends?" Nefertari looked down guiltily regretting her actions taken in anger. "See what I mean Adi? I'm a danger and a freak!" she cried before rushing deep into the temple, her mane of chocolate waves flying down her petite back. Aditya turned towards the statue like the young female had previously done, uttering a similar question. "Anubis, why her?" ~ 6 years following 3110 BC ~ -Nefertari- Nothing wins out against watching the rebirth of the sun early in the morning sky. The heat from the ground causes the reborn sun to appear as if through water, the colour mixing to create the most beautiful view. No matter how bad a day becomes it can always be known that Ra with bring the rising of the sun and a new day will commence. Maybe that's why I enjoy its spectacle so much, the sun is life and I am death , we are two in the same. Without life there is no death but without death life cannot begin. Or that's what Aditya tells me. Personally I enjoy the solidarity of watching the sunrise, it does not judge all those that it's rays touch. Unlike Osiris. I believe the act of being abandoned together would cause two siblings to create an eternal bond, however all our bond holds is great anger towards me. I cannot blame him though, for if I was in the same situation I may act in similar ways. Aditya says I see too much good in a person, but I just believe a cursed person cannot deem any soul lesser than themselves. Who am I to call someone Evil? Turning towards the towering temple with a small smile, I climb slowly from my morning vantage point using the columns and statues to ease my descent, of all the people scurrying around in the early morning sunlight I notice one of Osiris friends watching my movements carefully. 'What is his problem? ' I think to myself with an agitated sigh, by now used to my brothers followers shadowing my every move. Apparently at of 17 I should stop with the childish exploring as it won't help me find a suitor, as Aditya says. According to the quiet talking I have overhear from the older temple women, I'm actually among the oldest not to be married off. I don't think I'll ever marry or for certain never have children, why would I want to risk passing on my gift to another? As Osiris and his friends point out, I'm a freak so the likelihood of any male wanting to ask for me in marriage is small. I decided long ago that I will just spend the rest of my life here in the temple with Aditya. Temple work is tiring, by now used to the repetitive cleaning and maintenance of the grand temple I'd come to call home. After the sun has set and with a swift goodbye to Adi I am allowed to go to my favourite chamber and prey to the giver of my Gift, Anubis. Although the curse has hindered me, it is whispered between the temple women that Anubis has looked over me from the moment that I first entered here. Nefertari was kneeling below the magnificent statue bowed in submission giving her thanks unaware that there was another in the room with her, following her every movement with hunter like eyes. Feeling a gaze on the back of her neck Nefertari arose from her position, becoming startled once realizing that she was no longer alone. One of Osiris' followers was stood eating an apple, leaning against another statue, with a smirk plastered on his face. "Cerberus you startled me.." "You've truly grown these last few months, Nefertari.." He says, a wolfish grin on his lips. "Please leave, this is my time to worship. You know men aren't allowed with temple women alone" Nefertari stated, standing to her feet to appear larger and unafraid. Her brother had always surrounded himself with the meanest nastiest boys he could find, and being 21 years of age hadn't changed that. Word had spread around the temple of his illegal acts and bouts of aggressive behaviour to empire guards. Cerberus was one of the scariest men Nefertari had ever had the unpleasant opportunity of meeting, he had grown from a scrawny mean teenager into a towering mean spirited man. However, rather glumly she had noticed how his attention to her had changed from bullying to a scary fascination over the past few months. "Oh Nef-" "Only my friends call me Nef" She replied defensively. "Good thing I don't wish to be your friend " He took a large step towards her, towering above her and taking a large bite of his apple before throwing it at the statue "You've blossomed over the last year sweetheart, now I know about your little gift but I'm sure that can be forgotten..." He was now standing above her, she could feel his breath on her face, his size imposing. "I don't know what you mean, I- I'm sorry if you could excuse me I must go see Aditya before I retire to bed-" She spoke quickly, trying to ignore the fact that she was deep in the temple and there was nobody around except for Cerberus. "You've become a desired object, and I like having what others desire" He stated grabbing her wrist, causing Nefertari to panic. Grabbing a burning candle behind her back she continued to struggle in his vice like grip "So I'm here to propose, no, tell you that we're going to start courting, I of course have spoken to your brother and he has no cares-" Spinning quickly Nefertari launched the boiling wax straight into his dark eyes, causing his grip on her wrist to loosen enough for her to escape. In her adrenaline fueled escape she failed to feel Cerberus' grip on her Temple toga, causing her to be yanked back into his vice like grip; her back hitting his strong stomach, where she could feel his length slowly hardening against her spine "You little whore!" Roared Cerberus, gripping her around the neck so tight she began to see stars "I should have ended you when you were just a kid, you're a freak of nature! The God's made a mistake letting you live so long! ". Nefertari had only two options, use her gift or not. Her innocent nature was hindering her ability to kill another being, even one as foul as Cerberus. However with the feeling of something deadly sharp being pressed into her spine, her self preservation instincts kicked in. With one large struggle she twisted in his arms coming face to face with her would be killer, and looked him dead in the eyes. "What are you going to do now you little bitc-" Cerberus cocky voice turned deathly quiet as the life drained out of his eyes and he dropped to the floor with a deafening thud, ringing out throughout the chamber. He would have looked as if he was simply sleeping if you did not notice a lack of breath