Playing Cat And Mouse With A Werewolf On Alannis' eleventh birthday on December 8th, 1970, she received her admittance letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, headed by Professor Albus Dumbledore. It didn't come as a shocking surprise as she grew up knowing she was a witch, as her mother was an outstanding witch with an impressive record. It was now August and her and her Uncle Robert JR, were on a trip in Diagon Alley to get the last thing she needed before she embarked on her journey to Hogwarts. "Uncle Robert, what if I don't end up in Gryffindor, like Mum was?" Alannis asked, as she walked down the streets of towards Ollivander's Wand Shop. Robert smiled down at the bright eyed young girl. "Even if you don't, your mother will be proud of you." This caused Alannis to give a soft smile as she crossed her fingers, "I hope I end up in her House." September the first saw Alannis was, bright eyed like it was the first time she had seen the massive castle that was Hogwarts. She walked through the entrance hall. Her heart was beating rapidly in her chest as she stood with a group of first years in the small, empty chamber that was just off from the Great Hall. They were all standing crowed in rather close together waiting nervously. "Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall, "The start of term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your House will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your House common room. "The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your House points, while any rule-breaking will lose House points. At the end of the year, the House with the most points is awarded the House cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever House becomes yours. "The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting." Alannis looked at the Professor and back to the first year the surrounded her. Subconsciously she brushed her robes like they had dust on them. She didn't know why she was so nervous – she had only dreamed of this day since she first knew of Hogwarts. "I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall. "Please wait quietly." She left the chamber. Alannis knew that it would only be a matter of time before they all entered the Great Hall and found out what House they were to be Sorted in. It made her palms sweaty as she kept praying that she would end up in Gryffindor. But at the same time, she was also praying that she didn't go through the same thing her mother did. During her mother's Sorting, she proved to be a hatstall; the Sorting Hat spent five and a half minutes wavering between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw before deciding to place her mother in the former. "So, what House do you hope to end up in?" Alannis turned to lock eyes with a sandy-blonde boy, with white scars on his face. He gave her a soft smile as she spoke again, "Sorry, my names Remus." "Alannis," she gave him a soft smile. "I'm actually hoping to be Sorted into Gryffindor. What about you?" "I'm sure he'll end up in Ravenclaw." A slightly taller boy wearing glasses commented to her. He held his hand out for her to shake, "Name's James." Alannis shook his hand, "Why do you think Ravenclaw?" James shrugged and ran his hand through his untamed hair. "He was reading the entire way here." Remus tried not to roll his eyes. "Oi! Don't hog all the introductions," another boy said. Alannis saw that he seemed to be the most out going next to James, and had long black wavy hair that hung by his shoulders. "Sirius Black," he smirked. Alannis gave a slight laugh, and went to say something when Professor McGonagall had returned. "Now, form a line," she told the first years, "and follow me." Alannis stood between Remus and James as she watched student after student called, the Sorting Hat being placed on their heads briefly before declairing what House they were to call home. It didn't take long until she watched as the boy she just learned as Sirius Black was placed in Gryffindor, followed Remus. "McGonagall, Alannis." Professor McGonagall called. Whispers started to sound throughout the Great Hall from the older students as Alannis took a deep shaky breath and walked towards the stool. Trying to mask her nervousness she climbed up and sat down as Professor McGonagall placed the Sorting Hat down on her head. "Mm, very interesting," the Sorting Hat said. "Plenty of courage – oh my goodness, lots of talent. Now, where shall I put you?" Alannis closed her eyes, as it seemed time was slowly ticking by. She felt her palms getting sweaty again as she prayed she would end up in Gryffindor. "So, you want Gryffindor, eh?" said the small voice. "Are you sure? You could be great, you know. It's all here in ya head, you'd be great in Ravenclaw – but this courage, the willingness to prove yourself... Mm Slytherin could help you to greatness, no doubt about that – no?" She took a deep breath as she mentally cursed that she was becoming a hatsall; wishing that the Sorting Hat would make up it's mind. But it took two minutes for the Sorting Hat to finally work down to if Alannis would end up in Ravenclaw or Gryffindor. After another minute, there was a pause before it finally made up its mind. "GRYFFINDOR!" The hat shouted for the whole hall to hear. Entering into their fifth year at Hogwarts, Alannis had grown close to the infamous Marauders, as well as her own little group that included Lily Evans, Alice Moore, and Marlene Sybell. Alannis shared a dormitory with the two other ladies, as well as classes. However, even as close as she was with the three ladies, she spent most of her free time with the Marauders - which caused her to get into trouble more often than she would like. And that would lead with talks with her mother about how she should be spending more time studying; but she wasn't like her mother, truth be told she was more of the opposite. She never could see herself being a Perfect , or Head Girl. As much as she wanted to keep her marks up, make her mother proud of her, she wanted to do more with her life. Alannis Isobel McGonagall had a thirst for adventure; one that has gotten her into trouble more than once. Over the summer between the fourth and fifth year, she spent two months with the Marauders at James' place. There she worked with them to become unregistered Animagi, her being one herself. They all agreed to do this in order to assist Remus with his furry little problem. They found out that James's Animagus was a beautiful red stag, Sirius' was a shaggy looking black dog, Peter's was a fat ugly grey rat, and Alannis' was a beautiful snow owl. Soon as there were discovered, they came up with nicknames for everyone. Prongs was the nickname given to James, Padfoot or Padds was for Sirius, Moony was for Remus, Wormtail was given to Peter and Snow being Alannis. It worked out great because James and Sirius were large enough to control Remus during his monthly transformations into a werewolf. And if Peter wasn't able to slip past the Whomping Willow's defences to get to the Shrieking Shack, Alannis was able to carry him over the distance. But there were perks to the transformations, it would give them a chance to explore Hogwarts' grounds and the village of Hogsmeade. "Hey, Snow!" Sirius said walking up to Alannis and placing his arm around her shoulders. "You going to give Quidditch another try?" Alannis shook her head, "I didn't make it the last four years, I'm not going to try it again this year." There was a hint of disappointment in her voice as they made their way to Great Hall for breakfast. "You sure? I know you'd make a great Chaser." James said catching up to the group. "Listen you two," Alannis stated as they sat down at the Gryffindor table next to Lily, Alice and Marlene. "I'm not trying out this year." "What?!" Alice said shocked, as she over heard Alannis. "You're not trying out?" Alannis took a drink form her goblet of pumpkin juice. "Nope," she simply stated. "This year is O.W.L.s and I can't afford not..." She paused, "I think it would be best if I just focus on studying this year." "But O.W.L.s are a long ways away," Lily commented placing down her piece of toast. "You don't have to start now." "Evans is right," James said, giving Lily a classic smirk. Lily shot him a glair, "'Bout time you saw the light, Potter." "So, does this mean you'll go out with me?" He asked raising an eyebrow. Lily turned and looked at him, as she made it look like she was pondering the idea. "I'll tell you what, I'd be happy to go out with you." James shot her a full smile as everyone at the table went godsmacked. "Really?" He asked. Lily smiled, "Sure, when every shade of the rainbow turns gray and the oceans are dry." "Ouch," Marlene said as she placed her fork on her plate. "That was mean, Lils." Alannis looked at her friends, "I'm gonna head to Potions class," she said standing up, and bid her fairwell to the group as she took off towards her mother's class. She wanted to make sure that she could stop by the owlery first, as she knew that mail was going to be coming in tomorrow. She made it a tradition since she first found out about Remus' furry little problem in the first year. She would send an anonymous package that contained healing lotions and chocolate from Hogsmeade. As she gave it to her owl to give him, she kept telling herself that she should just hand it to him in person, but she would tell herself, why break the tradition? With a smile, she made her way out of the owlery and towards Potions classroom, where she almost walked right into Remus, since she was in her own little world. "You okay?" Remus asked as he placed his hands on her shoulders to stable her. Alannis felt the familiar heat form in her cheeks, signalling to her that she was blushing. "Yea, sorry 'bout that," she said in almost a hushed voice, afraid that it would quiver since her heart was bounding in her chest. He gave her a soft smile as he took his hands off her shoulders, "I thought you were heading to class." "Er, yeah," she said quickly, "Just was sending my uncle a quick letter." She lied as they fell into step towards the classroom. "Doesn't you uncle live in Hogsmeade?" She shook her hair causing a few strands to fall in front of her face. "Uncle Robert does, but I was sending it to Uncle Malcolm who lives near Caithness. I haven't been to see him in the last couple years," she explained as they made their way into the classroom. "Due to the fact that he's been working pretty