Hi all! So I've been on a huge twilight kick lately and there's almost no stories for any Alice coupling so heres mine. I don't own anything and as chapters go on the rating may go up. THIS WILL WIND UP BEING A MORE POSSESSIVE, VAMPIRIC ALICE BY THE END OF IT. SHE'LL STILL BE CUTE BUT WHATS HERS IS HERS. Bella slipped as she stepped out of Charlie's Cruiser, I stood up from the backseat and stared at my twin on the floor. She looked like she was about to try and get up again but then decided it wasn't worth and just laid down entirely, putting her head back on the patch of ice. I grinned down at her and held out a hand to help her up. "Come on Isabella ." I said this still grinning, making fun of her name. She glared at me and I started giggling, I loved teasing her and she knew it. Generally she couldn't stand people's teasing but I got a free pass from living with her for the past 17 years and counting. She sighed and took my hand, raising herself up on an arm. Charlie came around and looked at the two of us, shook his head and went up the stairs with our bags. "Fine Irenta. " She said this and stood up shakily. My giggles stopped and I mock-glared at her. "Could always just push you back over and let you get up by yourself this time." I said this and stuck my tongue out at her. At first she looked like she took me a little seriously, then as my grin returned she narrowed her eyes and flicked me in the arm. She started to walk up the stairs and I grabbed my little oxford sweater from the front seat, it was cold as hell out here. We'd spent the past few years in Arizona, deciding to come here after Renee's last escapade with her new husband, Phil. Phil was an alright guy, I guess, I just didn't care for him. He cared, just as much as she did for us as her children but after every time he left for the new season, our mother would go into a slight depression. The house would just get darker somehow. Bella never noticed the changes except for Renee's sudden lack of meals eaten in our company, taking everything to her room. So when Bella suggested we spent the last year of High-school with Charlie, I jumped at the idea. I practically dragged her to Forks, folded up pillow pet tucked in for the airplane ride over and everything. The bags were unpacked, dinner was made and we were trying to do a family bonding night with some pizza and good old fashioned conversation. So far it'd been tough to get the conversation part made as all three of us didn't mind silence, but I could tell Charlie wanted to spark up some conversation. He kept picking up his head, and then dropping it back down after a few seconds. "So how do you girls feel about school tomorrow?" He asked this quietly, but we both heard him clearly. He was nervous about talking to us. Bella looked over and me and I looked back at her holding a bit of pizza to my mouth, mid bite. I raised a brow and tried to communicate that she should respond for both of us. "We're a little nervous, Charlie. But definitely excited!" She said this merrily and I rolled my eyes. I loved her to death but good grief did she try hard to be positive for others. He nodded and took a swig of beer. "Well that's great. I'm sure you two will make a lot of friends here." He took another swig and stood up to put his paper plate in the trash. Conversation quota was apparently filled for today. Bella looked back over at me warily, she was worried she'd said something wrong to him. I gave her a dismissive hand motion, meaning she was fine, he'd just been done with the family thing for today. She let out a breath and relaxed, taking another bite of pizza. It occurred to me that I was the more confident out of the two of us as I watched her stare down at her pizza. I had several partners through out my teens, male and female, and decided that I didn't need to cater to a twat who couldn't tell his brain from his nuts. Bella however, she'd had the love story ideal ingrained her by Renee since we were little. She had a boyfriend when she was about 14 and got her heart broken, since then shes been looking for 'mr. Right' while I wasn't looking at all. Bella and I were across the hall from each other, both of our views were to the street, but she had a tree in front of hers. I was a little pissed at it simply because it held so many opportunities to sneak out and she wouldn't use any of them. It meant I'd have to go across the hall when I was going to use it. Nothing but the stupid birds were awake at 7 am, and even they were annoyingly chipper. I was glaring at them from the window, drinking a cup of tea. The house was still as Charlie's heavy feet clunked down the stairs and he grunted a good morning to me. "Do you two want a ride to school in the Cruiser? That'd be cool right?" He asked me gruffly, not used to the whole parenting thing obviously. "No its okay. We'll take the Sentra." I replied back, coming out hoarse as I hadn't spoken yet this morning until now. My car had been shipped here around a week or two ago from Phoenix in preparation for Bella and I. I had a choice of getting a truck but I chose the Sentra simply because I didn't want to need a running start to get into my car. At 5" tall I wasn't very good with big cars, Bella had me beat by 6 inches and has never let me forget it. I turned around and nodded to him, taking in his tired face as he stared into the cup. I sipped my tea in silence and looked around, spotting the clock. It read out 7:32 AM, I frowned and grabbed the cup of coffee I made for her. It was to take up to Bella and hopefully get her moving out the door. "I bring the gift of caffeine." I greeted her with this after I went up stairs and knocked on her door. I took one look at her in her usual combo of a sports jersey and jeans and then at the numerous clothes strewn everywhere. She'd been wanting to try a new outfit for her first day apparently. "Going to finally change into a nice outfit for the final first day, Bells?" I asked this as I handed her the cup and she nodded then sipped it. We weren't morning people whatsoever, speaking was for squares. I picked through the clothing bomb and grabbed her nicer pair of jeans and a elegant black and white crocheted sweater. I handed them to her and scooted out for her to change. "Thanks Ira!" She yelled back at me and I grinned as I left. I liked it when Bella looked pretty, if she let me, I'd do her hair and make up and nails. Literally just because shes my twin and I loved her. I'd do just about anything for her if she asked me or needed it. I had taken on a 'mom' role out of the two of us because of Renee's general habit of acting like a teenage girl. This was a step up in clothing for Bella but a step down for myself. Typically I enjoyed feeling pretty or sexy and dresses and tighter skirts were my thing, however I liked steel toed boots particularly as well. They were a precaution against crazy and the bastards of today could be crazy as hell for all I knew. We were sitting in the car and Bella had changed the radio station about 4 times in the last 5 minutes. I knew she was nervous but next time she did it, she was getting a hand smack. About a second or two later, she reached over again and I smacked her hand. She took her hand back quickly and was rubbing it, I could feel her glaring at me from the passenger seat. "Why'd you do that?" She asked me, sounding a little bit like a child that had been scolded. I glanced over at her and took in the dark circles under her eyes and the thumb twiddling, she was nervous for school. "Because that was going to be the fifth time you changed the channel in the last five minutes, Bella." I said this patiently and waited for the protests to come, it took a second but they came alright. "No! I was just doing it because, uh, I'm looking for that station we had in Arizona." She said this starting out indignant but trailed off quietly. I rolled my eyes and glanced at the clock, it read out 7:52 and I sped up a little. We were coming close to the school but I still wanted to get her in her classroom as soon as I could. "You passed it two stations back Bella. You're nervous. Thats perfectly okay and understandable." I said this calmly and we passed by the " HOME OF THE SPARTANS " sign, I pulled in looking around for parking spot. "I am not. " She protested again and I sighed. I parked the car and took the key out of the ignition, turning to face Bella. "Look its okay. I'm nervous to, its a new school and everything. It'll be okay, I swear and I'll be around you all day. Okay?" I took her hand and squeezed it, smiling at her. She took in a deep breath and let it out, nodding. She was calming back down, I grinned and let go of her hand to get out as she got out too. All the sibling love was going on here, we almost never fought and we liked it that way. I opened the back car door on my side to get out my bag and felt like someone was standing behind me, I got up to look behind me, hoping it was Bella. I turned around to see a pale girl with short and spiked black hair and promptly jumped at the sight of her. "Hi! I'm Alice!" She was gorgeous in the Victorian sense, elegant and well-groomed. I noticed she was still taller than me by an inch or two and grimaced. This did nothing to stop the grin on her face or her obvious excitement. I looked over to find Bella had stopped a bit ahead and was looking back, rather confused. I raised a brow with the idea of "Who is she?" to Bella and she got it, shrugging. I looked back to Alice and found she was practically vibrating on the spot with excitement and happiness, it made me almost want to lean back away from the girl on crack. There was something off with her. It rubbed me the wrong way. "Hey. Irene." I said this quietly, not sure if I should try to chat with this girl or rush off to get Bella in class before the Bell rings. If it were possible, her grin grew and she went to hug me. I froze up at the contact and had a deer in the head lights look towards Bella, who stumbled to get back to where we were as this chick hugged me. I froze because she was freezing cold, hard, and I didn't generally