Gravity Well this story literally came to me when I was using the bathroom at work. It was tired and cold and I was like what can I write about and then it hit me. Well I hope you will enjoy this story. Please review. I want to know if I should continue to write this or not. Chapter 1: See you again The room was pitch black and the only noise where coming from the clock on the wall and soft breathing that came from a figure who sat at the kitchen table. It was Bell Swan. She had her elbows on the table and her face in her hands. She eyes were dry. She already cried so much she could not cry anymore. The loss felt harder than anything else she felt before. It was painful, yet she knew she could not crumble. down like she did when she was a teenager. No she had to be strong. Her family needed her more than anything right now. Her life is so different then she had imagined it would be. Five years ago she was supposed to get married to the supposedly love of her life and become a vampire. She was supposed to spend an eternity with Edward moving around a couple of years. Yet she was still very much human living in a town she once hated, still living with her father and becoming a highschool teacher. It was not the glamorous life that she had chosen for herself but she was not complaining. Her life was much more now than beauty, money, fast cars and rainy towns for the rest of her life. It had a meaning and a purpose. So how did she manage not to marry Edward after she went through so much trouble? How did she not marry the man that she supposedly could not live without? Bella shook her head and scoffed remembering a couple days before her wedding Jacob showed up and changed her life forever. Flash back Bella stood in her room looking around it and seeing it bare. Her life here for the last year and a half packed in boxes. She was ready to marry Edward and start her life. " Are you all packed?" Bella heard her father say from the doorway. She turned around to see her father leaning on the wall of her room his eyes scanning her room with a sad look on his face. Bella closed her eyes and willed her heart to stop hurting so much. The site of her father broke her hear. " Yeah I am dad." Bella said in a whisper. She turned around and looked at the window hearing her father sighed. " I just don't understand why do you have to marry him now. Your still so young. You can go to collage and then…" Charlie stopped talking and Bella looked at him. He was looking at his feet. " Dad I have made my decision. I love Edward. I want to marry him. I am just moving to collage you are not loosing me."Bella said hating herself for lying to him. It is not easy to leave her dad behind. Bella loved her father more than anything but she loved Edward as well and she wanted him and the life with him. " I don't know Bella. I feel like the minute you say I do I will lose." Charlie said looked Bella in the eyes with a heartbreaking look and walked out of her room whatever Bella was supposed to say died in her throat. Bella closed her eyes and felt as tears fell from her eyes. She jumped when she heard the front door open and close and sniffed when she heard the cruiser pull away from the driveway. She made her decision right? So why in the hell did it hurt so much? She knew it was going to be hard but she never predicted that it was going to be this hard. She knew she was making the right decision but buried deep down under layers and layers of love for Edward was a small voice screaming at her that she is making the worst decision possible. It was a small voice very small voice but with a week until her wedding the voice was getting louder and louder with each passing day. " Stop Bella, stop it right now. You ARE making the right decision. You cannot live without Edward." she said and opened her eyes and they landed on the dream catcher that Jacob gave to her for her birthday and her heart literally exploded with pain. Jake was gone. He left when he found out about the wedding and no one knew where he went. Bella missed him so much. She was worried about him and that fear almost crippled her. " Am I making the right decision." the small voice inside her screamed at her. The images of the kiss on the mountain flashed behind her eyes. How hot it felt and how right it felt. What struck her the most were the black haired children running around her and their laughter that struck her heart. Images of the life together wooshed in front of her. Their wedding, their, children, their life. It was beautiful. It was right. Then her life with Edward wooshed before her and the anguish that she felt when he left her and how empty she felt and Bella never wanted to feel like that again. Both decision were painful and up until now Bella knew which one was less painful but now she was not sure. There was a wind blowing in her room and when she turned around she saw him. He was stating right there. After weeks of not seeing him Jacob Black stood in her room with nothing on but cut off jeans. The air was sucked from Bella's lungs as she saw him standing in front of her. All of his glory stood there his russet skin, his raven hair all the familiar features of him but his eyes stood out the most. They were s dark, dark like night and so full of emotion that it made Bella gasp. Bella stood rooted to the ground. She did not know what to do. She wanted to jump in his arms and embrace him but his cold features stopped her. He was no in a happy mood and she was not gonna provoke him more. " Jake." Bella breathed out and looked at him. He closed his eyes and took a deep calming breath. " I know you have made your decision. I know you chose the bloodsucker over me and everyone of your family. I am done with pleading for you love when you are not willing to give it to me. I am done with you but I came here to say one more think. You are a selfish bitch Bella. You are leaving everyone that loves you for that one man. Your poor father and mother, the people who love you more than anything in the world. The worst part is that they know that you are alive yet they will not be able to see you cause you will not be you. It is better if you were dead than at least they will get a closure." Jacob said in a low and dangerous voice making Bella choke out a sob. The things that Jacob said were so true that Bella could not even cry. They were the truth and as much as it hurt she will have to take them on board and live with that. " I am sorry Jacob. I really am sorry." Bella said in a whisper and watched as Jacob paced the room and pulling at his hair angrily " I don't want you to be sorry Bella. I don't need that. You are going to be a vampire which is worst than being dead and I will have to know about it. It kills me Bella cause I love you the way that you will never love me but I will haver to live with this. Fuck Bella it makes me so angry that I fucking hate you right now!" Jacob shouted and walked the room. " Maybe its better like this. Better for you to hate me." Bella said and Jacob looked at her. He was breathing heavily his chest moving up and down rapidly. His eyes were dark and full of fire and Bella gulp. The way that Jake was staring at her right now made her feel so alive it almost drove her crazy. " Screw it." Jacob said under his breath and in two long strides was next to Bella his mouth landing on her. Bella was so shocked at first she did nothing but when she felt his tongue against her lips her eyes closed and she moaned kissing him back with the same fever he showed her. She stood on her toes, her hand in his hair pulling him closer to her. She could not get enough of him. She wanted more of him, get closer. She wanted him so bad. She felt herself being lifted in the air and she wrapped her legs around his waits trying to get closer to him even though right now it was impossible. The kiss was feverish and full of lust, the tongues battled for dominance. When Jake bit her lower lip Bella moaned into the kiss loudly and scraped her fingernails into his skill making hi growl. Bella cursed her human lungs when they demanded air and broke the kiss. Bella was breathing heavily looking into the eyes that were full of fire. He was also breathing heavily. Bella bit her lip the gesture making Jacob groan. Bella never felt something like this. Passion this high. She read about it but now she was experiencing. She was aroused and judging by the way Jake was smelling the air and his grin he knew it also. Bella should blush, Bella should run away but right now anything that was not Jacob was far from her mind. She wanted him and he wanted her so it was her turn to kiss him this time. She kissed him her tongue entering his mouth and kissing him like she was parched and he was the water. Jacob understood and walked them to her bed and laid her down and covered her body with his without breaking the kiss. Bella moaned as she felt his arousal on her tight and scratched his back. This time it was Jake who broke the kiss only to kiss down her jawline and neck making Bella gasp and arch her body to him. Jake stopped his kissing to look at Bella who's eyes were dark with lust and need. His eyes were asking the question making Bella nod her head. Jake took no time he ripped the shirt she had on right of her making Bella gaps. Next think he did was he ripped her bra of leaving her upper half completely exposed to him. Bella could feel the cold air and hitting her breast. She tried to feel embarrassed but when he looked at her the way he did she felt no shame. She just felt need. Jake groaned and dipped his head and took one of her harden nipples into his mouth and sucked on it. Bella tugged on his hair and moaned very loudly as he rolled her other nipple between his finger and thumb. Bella was going to go crazy with need if Jake was not going to do anything to her. She whined as hep put the other breast in his mouth and kneaded the other in his large hot hand. " Jake please." Bella begged with Jacob. She was about to go crazy. Jake stopped and looked at her. " What do you want Bella. Tell me." Jake said