A/N: SURPRISE! Here is the Luke and Nico prequel you never thought to ask for but got anyway! To be honest, I hadn't originally planned on making this, but I am glad that I did. I think learning about Nico's past is going to really enhance the story. And pay attention, because some of the things included here may come up later. Also, this was originally meant to be a one-shot but I had too many damn ideas so now it's a two-shot. The second half will probably not go up until after the next chapter of Murder Suspect. Okay, I'll let you read now. Oh, and happy birthday to my good friend Diane aka hetalianninja aka HimekoUchia aka artemis-red, you inspired this whole idea. Nico just knew that his day was going to end poorly. Most of his peers had been dying to finish eighth grade, but Nico? Nico would rather bang his head against a wall repeatedly. First of all, today was the last day of school. Other fourteen year old prepared excitedly for three uninterrupted months of freedom, but Nico felt as if was being moved from a detention center into a prison. School may have sucked, but it was still better than Nico's alternative. Summer meant more hours at home and more opportunities for Nico to do something to upset his father. Set the table wrong? Time for the belt. Forgot to restock the toilet paper in the bathrooms? The belt. Slept in too late? The belt. Showing any weakness at all? Belt. If he was lucky. Not quite as awful, but certainly more pressing of an issue, however, was the matter of "senior buddies." Now, Nico did not know who had come up with the concept of pairing up every rising freshman with a rising senior from their neighborhood high school and forcing them to become friends over the summer, but Nico had a few choice things to say to that person. No sane high school senior would ever choose to associate with a freshman, and if they did they certainly wouldn't stoop as low as Nico. Whoever ended up stuck with Nico would probably try to resign immediately. After all, they hadn't signed up to entertain a nearly friendless loser. Nico sighed and slumped lower in his chair while the principal gave this bogus speech over the intercom about how proud she was of all her little ducklings. Yes, she really did refer to the students as ducklings, Nico could not make this crap up if he tried. At least one good thing would come out of finishing middle school—he would never have to deal with Mrs. Gottschalk again. "And I look forward to seeing all of my eighth graders at tonight's graduation mixer! Your teacher should be passing around papers with the name of your senior buddy as we speak. I'm sure they all can't wait to meet you," Gottschalk cooed. Yeah, Nico highly doubted that. Alabaster, Nico's only friend who didn't share his blood, rolled his eyes and gave Nico a look that said "what a load of crap." During all of this, Nico's teacher had begun going around the room, handing each student a slip of white paper. Alabaster yawned and checked his phone. Nico tried to swallow the huge lump forming in his throat. He could see it now. His high school mentor, some cool, self-assured seventeen year old, staring at Nico with barely hidden contempt, promising that they would become great friends over the summer and never following through... It was miracle enough that three people liked Nico—even if two of them were related to him—and the possibility that some soon-to-be-senior would become person number four was laughable. The teacher handed out slips to Alabaster and then Nico, who considered just burning it. He could always pretend his family moved to India. Heaving a deep sigh, Nico unfolded the paper and found the name Luke Castellan written in his teacher's slanted, thin writing. Luke, a boy. Great, Nico thought miserably. With his luck, this Luke guy would be hot. Hot and completely indifferent to Nico's existence. Nico wasn't quite sure how he felt about boys, or maybe he was, but he didn't like to think about it. He couldn't deny that they were beautiful, though. Alabaster and other guys his age were following after girls with their eyes, admiring their long hair and graceful curves and glossed lips. Nico had never cared much about how girls looked. Some of them were really pretty, sure, but that had never phased Nico. He preferred strong arms and broad shoulders and deep voices and just… boys. That terrified him. As if he hadn't given his father enough reasons to resent him over the years. He couldn't be—there was no way he was— Even thinking the word was impossible. "So? What's your mentor's name?" Alabaster prodded, leaning over. "Luke Castellan, I've never heard of him. Yours?" "Kelli Empousa. Kelli is a hot girl name, don't you think? And did you really expect to have a mentor that you had heard of? You don't talk to anyone." Nico probably would have been more offended if it weren't mostly true. The only high schoolers Nico had ever talked to were his sister and her friends, and even they mostly shrugged him off. Only Bianca really talked to him, and Nico didn't think she counted, considering they were siblings. "I doubt he'll like me," Nico said, ripping the paper slip in half, right down the middle of the S in Castellan. "You're so negative all the time. You know, if you stopped immediately counting yourself out you'd probably make more friends." Nico ignored him. Alabaster loved to tell Nico how to live his life, but he didn't understand what being Nico was actually like. "Seventeen year olds don't want to talk to fourteen year olds." Alabaster shrugged. "Yeah, that's maybe true. But if you're lucky, they'll try to make you their little prodigy or something. Maybe this Luke guy will take you under his wing." "And what about Kelli?" "Maybe she'll think I'm cute and kissable," Alabaster smirked. Nico wasn't amused, however. He didn't want to be some high school guy's pet project, nor did he intend to spend any more time with this Luke guy than necessary, even if he was—no e specially if he was—hot. … When Nico got home from school he found Bianca and his mother sitting together on the couch, each with a book in hand. "Buone vacanze, Amore," his mother chimed, pushing back a strand of dark curly hair and smiling at her son. "Grazie, mamma," Nico replied, humoring his mother's preference for Italian. Even after over twenty years in the United States, Maria di Angelo still liked to act like she was fresh off the boat. "Did you have a good day at school?" Bianca asked, setting her book down beside her. While very gifted in writing and reading, Bianca did not excel in speaking their mother's native tongue. "Not like we did anything, I was exempt from my tests," he dropped his backpack on the floor, falling into the nearest chair. The walk home had been miserably hot, and sweat still stuck his shirt to his chest. He'd have to shower before the stupid mentor mixer. Nico may have been a loser, but he didn't want Luke to think he was a loser who smelled bad. "Did you get the name of your buddy person?" His mother asked, leaning forward with interest. Bianca mirrored her movement. "Yeah, his name is Luke Castellan. You know him, Bi?" "Not personally, but I've seen him around. He's this tall soccer player. Seems nice enough." Oh great , thought Nico, an athlete . Jock types never looked twice at Nico. Apparently even taking the time to bully Nico was too much for them, so anyone who played any kind of sport simply acted like Nico didn't exist at all. Fine by Nico, it wasn't like he wanted to be their friend anyway. "Il mio Nico, so big and grown," his mother said, her wavering voice suggesting that tears were not far away. Nico nearly laughed. He barely passed for five and a half feet tall and calling him scrawny would be a compliment. Big and grown? Last month Nico had been mistaken for a freaking twelve year old, for crying out loud. "Whatever you say, Mom," he shrugged. "I'm going to go to my room, okay?" "Sure, just make sure it's clean in there. You know how your father gets when you haven't cleaned your room." "Yes ma'am." Nico did not need to be reminded. The scars on his back did the remembering for him. … Ironic. That's what these annual eighth grade "mentor mixers" were. Ironic. A mere four hours into summer and all of the eighth graders had to go back to school? A school, mind you, that they had all just graduated from. It could almost be considered cruel. Whoever had been in charge of transforming the gym into a party atmosphere certainly hadn't put much effort in. The lights had to be kept on so everyone could see each other and find their "buddy," meaning the only thing creating any sort of ambiance was the plethora of tacky colored balloons and some cheap streamers. Magnificent. What a party. So here was the deal with this whole mentor mixer thing: Future seniors and future freshmen gathered in the middle school gym, all wearing stupid nametags that the students had to personally decorate. The seniors all had a name and a picture of their mentee, so they knew who to look for in the crowd. The future freshmen, however, only had the name to go off of and would just sort of stand awkwardly until their new senior buddy found them. Then, after an hour or so long reception in the gym, all of the students, fourteen and seventeen year olds alike, left the middle school and made a ceremonial six block walk to the high school the former eighth graders would all be attending come fall, and the celebration would continue. Not exactly Nico's idea of fun. He hated being surrounded by so many people. He especially hated the way they would casually brush against him, or step on his foot. Every unintentional elbow jab made him jump. Every wild gesture made him flinch. Crowds. Nico hated crowds. Good thing he lived in New York, right? Alabaster had already found his buddy, and whaddya know, she really was a cheerleader after all. Nico knew what his friend would be dreaming about when he went to sleep later. Nico figured he could be like the other kids awkwardly standing around him and pull out his phone—maybe it would make him seem less lame—but realized that the only way that would possibly make him look less alone was if he actually had someone to text. He settled for sipping nervously on some fruit punch instead. "Are you my guy?" A smooth, friendly voice asked. Nico looked up from his cup and found that he had company. The owner of the voice was a tall, blond male with some of the lightest blue eyes Nico had ever seen and a bright, charming smile. "Wh—what?" Nico stuttered, still caught up in the newcomer's eyes. His face felt hot, which meant that Nico was probably blushing like an idiot. Naturally. "Are you Nico? Because if not, I'm about to feel really stupid." "I'm Nico," Nico replied immediately. "Who wants to know?" "Oh," the blond smacked his forehead. "I should have maybe started with that, huh?" He pointed at his nametag. "I'm Luke Castellan." Yes you are, Nico almost blurted. This was bad. Bad bad bad. Awful. Terrible. He was so good looking. Luke made being attractive seem like the most casual thing in the world. He wore a white button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up and the top buttons undone. His jeans were