A/N: Here is the first chapter of that dance AU I've been talking about. I didn't expect to be writing this before finishing Murder Suspect but SOMEONE (who totally knows who he is) has been very adamant about this story and so SOMEONE is getting his long awaited fic (Happy Birthday). This won't be as long as Murder Suspect (she said hopefully) but it is going to have multiple chapters, so I'll have to divide my time between the two stories. Anyway, hope you all enjoy! Chapter One: An Unexpected Meeting Olympic Dance Studio. That was what the sea-green sign hanging over the front door read. The building itself was nothing too special, a single story probably only big enough for one or two dance rooms—or whatever they were called. The studio was placed neatly between a bakery and a baby clothing store and looked nothing at all like a place Jason wanted to spend his Thursday night. Thalia so owed him for this. Sure, Jason hadn't had any cement plans per se—as a full-time grad student working toward his masters in Classics, he rarely actually went out with friends, but he also rarely left his apartment to begin with. Naturally, a last minute outing to pick up his six year old niece from her dance class did not rank very high on Jason's list of fun. Jason didn't see himself as having much of a choice, however. No one dared tell Thalia Grace no, and that included her younger brother. Heaving a great sigh, Jason walked through the front door. The young woman sitting behind the welcome desk pushed her glasses up her nose and appraised Jason. "Can I help you?" She asked in a chipper yet somewhat confused voice. She probably hadn't seen many twenty-two year old guys pass through the studio in her days, Jason figured. Maybe she thought Jason was a pedophile. The whole ordeal did seem a little pedophilic, he had to admit. "Uhhh, I'm here to pick up my niece?" Jason said, hating the way it sounded like a question. Yeah, I'm here to abduct a young girl. Got any of those? "Her name is Zoë Grace." "Oh," the receptionist girl said, apparently relieved that Jason wasn't some kind of creep. "She's in room two, they should be done in five minutes or so. The room has a one-way mirror, if you'd like to watch." She motioned down a small hallway, where lo-and-behold, a group of seven or so woman stood watching with mild interest. "Okay, thanks, uh…" "Mellie," the girl chirped. "Thanks Mellie." Watch the little girls dance? Stand with the housewives and listen to them gossip? Yeah, Jason would go sit on one of those lovely and unoccupied benches. He tried to imagine Thalia standing up there, with her choppy dyed black hair and ripped jeans and spiked leather jacket and nose ring. She probably also waited on the bench. If only she were here today, they could have started a club. Then again, if she were here Jason wouldn't need to be. Speak of the devil, he thought as his prone vibrated in his pocket. Hey, did you get there okay? Yes, Jason replied, you better sing my praises for this. I already sing your praises, little bro. ;) "A homosexual, surely," one of the moms standing by the window muttered, causing Jason to freeze. Was she talking about him? All he had done was walk in and sit down. Could he be that obvious? He didn't see how, considering his own parents hadn't realized until Jason's senior year of high school, when his stepmother arrived home early and accidentally walked in on Jason and his boyfriend at the time having sex. Even that seemed like a fond memory compared to this. Sure, Jason loved spending time with Zoë, but being around the shallow housewives while they pretended that the other mothers' daughters were good dancers with their fake little smiles and transparent compliments reminded Jason of being a kid again. Reminded him of always going over to friends' houses and worrying that their mothers hated him, that somehow they knew Jason was unlike the other boys. He always felt like they were judging him. He still did. Only, these women weren't looking at Jason. In fact, he didn't think a single one had even noticed him. How curious. Jason stood, approaching the group of moms while still keeping a safe distance. He peered through the window-mirror for the first time. Through the glass Jason saw the other walls, also covered mostly by mirrors, which disoriented him momentarily. In the center of the room a dozen girls—all around six or seven years old—danced somewhat clumsily, kicking their legs up in what probably should have been unison, but wasn't. The sight made Jason chuckle. Zoë stood among them, a bright smile on her face as she glided forward. Funny, Jason could have sworn this was a ballet class, but the way they danced lent itself more toward jazz. And then Jason's eyes landed on the instructor. Holy. Fucking. Shit. Jason hadn't known what he'd expected—an elderly woman perhaps, with some severe ballerina bun, or maybe a young high-school age girl with a perky upturned nose and overly wide smile. He'd never imagined that the dance teacher could be a… guy. A hot, hot, fucking hot as hell guy. He had black hair, and not the dyed kind either, genuine black hair, which was pulled back into a small ponytail and only marginally darker than his eyes. Jason watched in awe as he danced with the kind of focus usually reserved for brain surgeons. Smoke alarms could be going off and the dark haired dancer wouldn't even blink. While the little girls were unbalanced and slightly unsynchronized in their motions, the teacher's lithe form moved like water, gliding through the moves with a fluid grace that completely dominated Jason's attention. And all Jason could think was: please, for the love of gods, be over eighteen. Jason could barely remember the last time he'd wanted someone so badly. He tore his eyes away long enough to message his sister. Holy shot. Holu shit* Holy shit!* He could barely keep his eyes on the cell phone. Not while he could be admiring him. Thalia texted back almost immediately. Lol, I'll take it you noticed the instructor? ! Back in the room, the dance came to an end, much to Jason's disappointment. His phone vibrated again. His name is Nico. He's gay. And in college. You're welcome. Nico. Even his name was appealing. Yeah, Jason could definitely fuck a Nico. Wait a minute… Jason glanced between the phone and Nico. That little evil mastermind. You didn't even have to work late, did you? Nope. You're welcome! ;) Jason didn't know if he wanted to kill his meddling sister or hug her. Then he glanced down at his own appearance—gray sweatpants, navy hoodie, wearing his glasses instead of his contacts—and decided that he'd definitely kill her. She could have fucking warned him he'd be meeting the hottest gay guy this side of Berkeley. The girls gathered around and began to head for the door, with Nico at the back of the group. He appeared to be telling the girls something, but Jason couldn't hear him. Gods, he could only imagine what Nico's voice sounded like. The door opened and the first of the girls came skipping into the waiting area. The fourth one out was Zoë, who completely lit up upon seeing Jason. "Uncle Jason!" She squealed, jumping up for a hug. Jason chuckled and caught her, momentarily distracted from his Nico fixation. "Hey, shorty," he said, hugging her briefly before placing her back on her feet. The six year old crossed her arms. "Uncle Jason, I'm one of the tallest girls in class. You're just a giant!" Jason prepared to tell her that she would always be short to him when Nico finally exited the dance room. It was a good thing he'd already returned his niece to her feet or he just may have dropped her. If possible, Nico was even more gorgeous close up. His pale skin glistened—probably with sweat, but that didn't matter to Jason. It was hot the way strands of hair stuck to his forehead. In fact, Jason wouldn't mind to see the dancer sweaty in a whole other environment. Get your mind out of the damn gutter, he chided himself. Suddenly, those big dark eyes locked on Jason and the dancer stumbled forward on his next step, his eyes widening in the most alluring way. Jason figured he should like, smile at him or something, but he couldn't seem to make his mouth muscles work. Wow, he thought. Despite the fact that they were surrounded by little girls and their uptight mothers, Jason wanted to go up to Nico, push him against the nearest wall, and kiss him senseless. And well, maybe a little more than just that. About five seconds later he came to his senses and realized he was still staring at the dance teacher. Patting Zoë's head affectionately, he steeled up his nerves and approached Nico, who also seemed to have composed himself. The young man had an indifferent expression on his face, so much the opposite of the passion and focus from when he'd danced before. Jason yearned to see that intensity again—wondered if he'd look like that in the bedroom. Okay, maybe thirteen months had been a little too long to go without sex, Jason realized. This guy was literally a complete stranger and here Jason was, imagining all the things he'd like to do with him. Jason came to a stop in front of the dark haired male, cursing himself for deciding to come flirt with the hot dancer while he was in such ratty clothes. Not to mention that with his glasses on Jason probably looked like an absolute fucking idiot. Certainly, Jason could have made a better first impression than this. "Hi," he greeted. Not even a hey. Who even said "hi" anymore? Gods, he probably already sounded like a loser. "I'm Jason, Zoë's uncle." Nico quirked an eyebrow, crossing his arms over his chest. "You and Thalia hardly look alike," he observed, which wasn't untrue. Other than the vivid blue color of their eyes, Jason and Thalia couldn't look less alike. Jason's friend Piper has one said that Jason had the typical All-American boy look going on (If the All-American boy were gay, she had laughed), while Thalia resembled some sort of punk rock fairy. "Yeah, I'm a little taller," Jason replied, which was probably the worst joke in all of history. Nico looked confused. "Is there anything I can do for you, Jason?" Holy shit yes, repeat that statement on your knees while you're pulling my pants down. "I just wanted to say that I saw you dancing at the end. You're really good." Jason needed to get a grip. He was far too horny all of a sudden. Soon enough it would start to show. Probably not a good idea to get turned on in a dance studio full of little girls… "Well, I'd hope so," Nico retorted, though he didn't meet Jason's eyes. Had his ears been red before? He pushed a damp bang away from his eyes. "I am the teacher. And a dance major." "Do you go to Berkeley? I do, but I'm getting my master's now." "Congratulations. And yes, but that's kind of implied considering we're all of one and a half miles from campus, isn't it?" Jason's cheeks flushed with warmth. "Oh, right." "Uncle Jason!" Zoë called, coming up behind him and tugging on his hoodie, "Did you see me dance? Mr. Nico started teaching us this new routine and we're going to have a recital in December! You'll come, right?" "Of course I will," he replied, looking away from Nico momentarily to smile at the girl. Even if it hadn't been for the