A/N: At long last, today is the day! Welcome to my new story, The Murder Suspect. Ever since the idea came to me last February, I have been eager to share this story with the Jasico community. Now I finally am going to, with a new chapter every Friday! That is, unless I ever catch up to where I currently am in the story (as of now I'm working on chapter 12) and in that case the update schedule will likely change. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy reading this fic as much as I have enjoyed writing it! CH. 1—Just Your Typical Day in Manhattan (Minus The Typical Part) ... Sixteen Year Old Nico di Angelo Still Missing After Murder of His Sister, Now Prime Suspect. Jason eyed the headline warily—one of the dozens over the past few weeks that all said more or less the same thing. The media hadn't shut up about "New York's Newest Teenage Psychopath" since the story first hit the scene. Jason had assumed the story would be old news by now, but each day the suspected killer remained loose, the murder only got bigger and bigger, news of it spreading across the entire northeastern United States. It was hard to believe that it had been over two whole weeks since all of this commotion started. Two weeks since Nico vanished seemingly into thin air. The last person to see him? Bianca , the newspapers always reported dramatically, as if it were part of some soap opera and not real life. So where was Nico? Over eight million people wanted to know. It all began when Maria and Hades di Angelo had arrived home from a date night to find their daughter Bianca's blood splattered over the walls. According to the police, there was no sign of forced entry and all of the doors had remained locked that night, meaning that no one else but Nico could have done it. On top of that, his fingerprints were all over Bianca's body and the knife that killed her. The evening news also reported, perhaps with a little too much enthusiasm to be tasteful, that Bianca's body had suffered multiple wounds. Her murderer, whoever they were had stabbed her several times before actually killing her, or perhaps that they killed her and then continued to stab her for good measure. Jason didn't know which one would be worse. It was all so bizarre. Jason went to school with these people. Or at least, he did up until two weeks ago. Now, Jason would admit that he was far from the brilliance of Sherlock Holmes, but you'd think he'd at least be able to tell if he was walking the same halls as a murderer, right? Granted, Jason had never said more than four words to Nico in his entire life, but was that quiet, tired-looking sophomore really the murdering type? Yeah yeah, anyone was capable of murder Jason supposed, Nico included, but capable of murdering his own sister? If there was one thing about Nico that Jason knew, it was that the kid seemed to care more about his sister than any siblings Jason had ever observed, including his relationship with his own sister, Thalia. Could that all have been a front? When Jason thought about it, Bianca was probably one of the only people he'd ever seen Nico actually speak with. As far as he knew, they were the best of friends. They sat together at lunch, traveled together between classes, and Jason had even seen Bianca stand up for Nico once against some idiot sophomore bully named Cal. It was a conundrum all right, but not any of Jason's business. Didn't he have more to worry about than the inconsistencies in a murder that had nothing to do with him? Still, while he may not have been obsessed with the dirty details like the rest of Manhattan, his curious mind couldn't cease thinking about Nico and Bianca. He didn't understand what could possibly drive Nico to murder her. Sure, Jason fought with his own sister from time to time, but he would never, not in a million years, do anything to seriously hurt her. And even he and Thalia weren't as close as Nico had been with Bianca, which only spurred a whole mess of questions. How could Nico do it? Why would he do it? Did he really do it? Who else could have? Jason had probably read a few too many murder mystery novels... The madness hadn't ceased one bit, in fact, it only got worse as time wore on. The longer Nico stayed missing, the more New Yorkers salivated over the story. Students at Goode High School all had a theory of their own, ranging from Nico joining the mafia, to Nico moving to Africa and becoming a missionary, to alien abduction. As time stretched on and Nico didn't turn up anywhere, the gossip got wilder and wilder. One senior girl, Silena Beauregard, swore she saw a girl that looked just like Nico and was now convinced that he changed genders to avoid being found. Connor Stoll heard that Nico ran away with the circus. Clarisse La Rue came up with the idea that Nico must be shacking up with some shady older drug lord in the Bronx. Personally, Jason wasn't totally sure if Nico was even still alive. Murderer or not, New York was hardly a safe place for a teenage boy to be all on his own. And if Nico was still alive, Jason had a feeling he wasn't hanging around the city. Probably the boy, if truly alive, was in Mexico by now if not further. It was highly unlikely that Nico walked around town in a dress and high heels, contrary to Silena's belief. How long it would take them to find Nico, or Nico's body, or anything really that could put the case to rest? He didn't know how many more reporters he could take crowding around outside his school and trying to shove cameras and microphones in his face. For God's sake, Jason had barely even known the kid! Not that he was unsympathetic about the whole situation, but it really was getting old after seventeen days. Jason just wanted the whole thing to be over. He chucked the newspaper to the side. "I won't be home until late tonight," Jason's mother informed him upon entering the kitchen, her personal way of telling him good morning. Surprise surprise, Jason thought to himself, letting out a heavy breath. "How late is late?" He was playing the parent, like always. His mother shrugged. "I'll be back before you have to go to school," she assured him, already smelling faintly of cigarette smoke and less faintly of alcohol. The teenager checked his watch—his father's watch, actually—and let out another breath. Not even seven thirty in the morning and his mom was already buzzed. "Please don't bring anyone home with you this time, I don't like when you bring guys around here," Jason said, rubbing his temples. "Whatever you say, Mom, " she teased, rolling her eyes at her son. Mrs. Grace scooped up a muffin—Jason had made breakfast, again—and then left the kitchen, probably to spend the better part of the day in her room. No, Jason's mom did not work a nightshift at the hospital, if that wasn't clear. In less, of course, "hospital" was code for every bar south of 57th St. Things hadn't always been this way with Jason and his mother. Before his father died, their relationship had been great. His family was together, happy even. Everyone was alive. Thalia was still at home. His mother was sober. Sure it hadn't been perfect. Jupiter Grace had unreasonably high expectations and liked to bully his two children when they failed at something, both physically and verbally, but no family is perfect, right? Still, at least they were a family. Then, four years ago, Jason's father's private plane had crashed, killing him and everyone on board. Mr. Jupiter Grace had been an incredibly wealthy businessman while he was alive, and left his family behind an enormous sum of money so they could continue to support themselves without changing anything. Except, things did change. Jason's mom had always been a stay at home mom, but after the plane crash she had evolved into a stay at home drunk instead. Although she was barely at home. A stay at bar drunk, perhaps. She woke up most mornings with a hangover and spent her nights going out, getting even more drunk, and picking up whatever guy she could find. Three years ago, Thalia graduated high school and got accepted into Stanford. She'd tried to take Jason with her, to get him away from their mother, but Mrs. Grace had forbid it. She said she would call the cops if Thalia tried to take her son away. God only knew why, since she hardly seemed to care about him. Nonetheless, Jason stayed behind. He dropped out of extra-curricular activities, no longer caring about football or student council or anything other than getting out of New York. And now, in less than four months, Jason would graduate high school, and then he would finally be able to get away, too. He had sent off his application to Stanford—and every other school at least a thousand miles away from New York—in December and couldn't wait to receive a letter that would take him far, far away. … Despite the fact that Jason's father had made sure that both of his children and his wife would have enough money to live the wealthy lifestyle they always had, Jason didn't buy much of anything with the money his father left behind. With the exception of groceries and a few other necessities, the money went untouched. For anything Jason wanted for himself—clothes, shoes, books, music—he used his own money that he earned working at a small bookstore/café a few blocks from where he lived. Delphi Books was usually quiet, and didn't have as big of a selection as the major bookstores in Manhattan, but it had been one of Jason's favorite places for years and his job there was the best part of his day. Chiron, the owner, gave him discounted prices on any books he wanted, and he was given access to as much coffee and hot chocolate from the café as he could drink. Delphi was one of the only places Jason felt truly, blissfully happy. "Jase, come on! Your shift is after school, not before! We're gonna be late, man!" Leo Valdez, Jason's best friend, hollered. He poked his head through the front door of the small store. A bell chimed above his head as he did, making Chiron turn to the short Latino boy. "Leo, you scare away the customers," he joked, shaking his head. "What customers?" Leo retorted, stepping completely into the warmth of the store and crossing over to Jason as he pulled a hardcover book straight from a new delivery box. "Sorry, I'll just be one second. This one just came out today, I've been waiting to get it for months," he exclaimed, heading over to check himself out. Chiron was technically the one working right now, but Jason didn't need his help putting money in the cash register. "You and your books," Leo sighed. "Oh shut up," Jason said, smacking his best friend's arm with the newly purchased hardcover. Turning, he called back to his boss, "I'll be here around three-thirty, Chiron!" "Yeah, see you then," the bookseller replied, waving goodbye to the boys. Jason shivered as he and Leo ventured out into the early February morning. It had been getting consistently colder over the past week. Jason regretted not wearing a heavier coat. The boys still had a fifteen minute walk ahead of them and the sun was buried behind a thick jacket of clouds. At least it wasn't snowing. "I can't wait to start reading