Author's note: The world of "The Hunger Games" and all of the characters therein are Suzanne Collins' property. Fanfiction is my way of expressing deep admiration for her world-building and storytelling. Rose is mine, and at some point her story will leave the original plot as we know it and delve into "what would have happened if…" Chapter 1 - IN THE NICK OF TIME The school. The train tracks. The bridge. The Seam. The Hob. The square, and beyond that, the public market with the merchant buildings, shops on the ground floor, living quarters above. And in the very centre, the Justice Building. Rose Cumberland sighed in relief. Not that District 12's central town was that big. Still, it had taken her three weeks to navigate the warren of clapperboard houses of the area Twelvers called the Seam, the small gardens and backyard alleys. But here she was, and even in time! She felt with both hands to make sure her hair was securely pinned up, and checked her appearance in a shop window, ignoring the prettily decorated cakes and tarts behind the glass. In her first days in town she had spent hours gazing into shops and wishing for things she'd never have. Living on a teacher's meagre salary had been so much easier in 12A, where there was hardly anything you could buy for money. But by now she'd seen how many of her young pupils lived. Cramped rooms, floor scrubbed painfully clean. Rationed coal supplies, enough for one hour of warmth. Mothers who skipped supper, to provide their kids with a piece of coarse bread for lunch. Nobody in the Seam could afford cakes. The merchants' customers were the Capitol officials stationed in the district, the Peacekeepers, the engineers and the few professionals who lived in the area north of the square, as far away as possible from the grime of the mine and mill. Poor and wealthy, each group kept to itself. The merchant's had their doctors, the poor at the Seam had their wise women. Cakes north of the square, black bread in the south. A school for the children whose parents dug for coal, and another one for those who pushed paper or sold goods. Only once they'd reached the age of 12, they met. By then hard conditions and recurring sickness had diminished their numbers enough to need only one school building. But by then the damage was done, the lines were drawn. There were really two towns, Rose thought. Three even, if one counted the Victors' Village. Rose had never been there, had only glimpsed it when she'd explored the trail that ran from the school house along the train tracks. Beyond a copse of trees and a stretch of field one could see a wrought-iron fence and beyond that twelve white marble mansions. Right out of a fairy tale, offensive even, if one knew the hovels at the Seam. Still, as far as Rose knew, no children lived there, so the village was none of her business. The children of the Seam school were. She took a last look at her reflection. Brown hair, pinned up into a braided chignon. Brown eyes. Pale freckled skin, like most people in 12A. She fit neither with the dark colouring of the Seam nor the delicate blond-and-blue the merchants cherished so much in their wives and daughters. 'Back straight and chin up!' she admonished herself when she climbed the steps of the Justice Building. The generously spaced front porch served as a stage for all official functions. She'd only once entered the building when she reported for duty. But she'd stared at that porch every Reaping day, counting the bricks, the posts, the window panes. This was where they drew the tributes, these steps they walked up and out of the lives of their families, never to return. She rubbed her arms, and reminded herself, that this was not Reaping day. Today was a happy occasion. "Welcome! Welcome!" Before she even touched the door handle, the mayor threw it open from inside. When he saw her, his face fell. "It's just you, eh?" Mayor Undersee was a tall, balding man, and this was the second time Rose met him. He'd somewhat absentminded presented her with the keys for the school, one eye always at the airframe on his desk, where replays of the Hunger Games flickered. Taken aback, Rose shrugged. "I'm afraid so." "Anything happen to Madge?" There was real fear in his voice. "No, no." Rose tried to placate him. Madge Undersee was 16 and the mayor's only daughter. She wanted to become a teacher – to her father's great disappointment, as Rose assumed - and had badgered him until he allowed her to help out at the Seam School. The girl was friendly, kind and good with children, and Rose could not imagine work without her. There were more almost 60 children between 6 and 12 to teach, and it didn't look like the second teaching position would be filled in the near future. "Madge is fine. Actually, she's great," she assured him. "She'll make a wonderful teacher one day." "Yeah, yeah," he sneered. "Time will tell. I'd rather see her married with children of her own." He frowned at Rose. "So if nothing's wrong with Madge, why are you here? If this is about the power shortage let me tell you that…" Rose waited until he had to breath and hurriedly inserted "The feast" into his monologue. "The feast?" "You requested that all pupils take part in the feast tomorrow evening. I wrote it all down, this is the schedule…" Her carefully prepared speech faltered when she found him staring transfixed over her shoulder and spreading his arms. "Welcome!" he shouted, pushing her aside. "Welcome home!" She turned and saw what had obviously erased her presence from the mayor's memory. It was one of those shiny Capitol cars she's seen only on the screen before now, polished metal and glass, powered by silent electricity. Rose took a hasty step back, when the car doors opened and people poured out. A camera crew, assuming position on the porch to best catch the scene. Effie Trinket, District 12's escort, gleaming white smile and turquoise curls. And there came the victors… Of course Rose knew them by now. All of Panem did. You had to live at the bottom of a coal mine to not be aware of these three: Katniss Everdeen, Peter Mellark and, maybe a bit less famous for his role as mentor, Haymitch Abernathy. Rose had never paid him much attention, not with all eyes on the two young victors, but close up he was – if not a looker – quite handsome with a Viking's face, deep set blue eyes, a broken nose, sun-bleached hair hacked off at chin's length. By himself with a butcher's knife by the look of it, she thought. It was, of course, rude to stare – even at a victor whose face had been plastered all over Panem. But it was interesting to see how the news reports and reality matched up. They still wore Capitol couture, pricy material in rich colours. The girl was undoubtedly pretty, hair immaculately braided in what had immediately become the "Katniss-style". She wore a mulish expression that told Rose clearly she'd rather be elsewhere. Peeta's eyes were kind, he was not particularly tall or exceptionally good looking, but he glowed from the inside. Compared to him, Katniss and Haymitch looked exhausted and sleep-deprived. The Capitol Express had arrived long after midnight, with only close relatives allowed to greet the victors who then had been whisked away to the posh Victor's Village on the edge of town. The real celebration of their success – and District 12's rise to glory - would take stage the next day. Amused, she watched Haymitch give Katniss a little shove to move her in the direction of the beaming mayor. Peeta followed serenely. Rose stepped further back to let them pass. "Katniss! Peeta! … Haymitch." The mayor's jovial face glistened with sweat as he opened the door wide, trying hard not to look into the camera. "Come in, come in, dear children! You have done us proud in the Capitol!" He hardly spared Rose another glance and waved her to wait on the bench on the porch of the red brick building. "Miss Cumberland is of course prepared to wait. Actually she is here to discuss the school's involvement in the victor's feast tomorrow evening." "The school?" Peeta looked at her with interest. "Are you a new teacher?" Rose smiled. "Not so new anymore. I arrived the day after the Reaping. I am the replacement for the Andersons." Haymitch's head snapped up. "Thatcher and Flora are gone? "Miss Cumberland is from 12a, no less!" the mayor interjected loudly. "Who knew they had schools up there, eh? Quite a step up in the world, I say!" Rose bit her tongue and gave him a sweet smile. "A huge step! I wrote a letter home to tell them I've got glass windows with hardly any cracks. And my very own train track right through my back yard." Katniss snickered and stopped abruptly when Peeta wacked his elbow into her rip-cage. Peeta tried to save the situation. "A train track? So you teach at the Seam School, not on the square, I take it." Only the school on the Seam was close to the train tracks. Rose nodded und offered him her hand. "Rose Cumberland." "Peeta Mellark." "I know." He blushed. "I guess. ... It is rather annoying that everybody is a step ahead and knows everything about us." "Listen," Rose ventured. "If you are not too busy, would you terribly mind to come to the school and talk to the kids?" She looked at Katniss. "Or you both? "No." Rose had to concede it to her - the girl shot her arrows straight. "How about you?" she asked Haymitch Abernathy who leaned against a porch post and swigged from a small silver flask. From what she had seen of him in the background reports it was certainly not water. "Sweetheart," he drawled. "I'd rather have my tongue nailed to that post." The mayor coughed anxiously. "Well, I would not want to keep my three victors too long." He shot Rose a glance that plainly said he did not care how long he kept her waiting. So she sat on a bench by the sunwarmed wall and closed her eyes. Far away a dog barked. Children played a skipping game. The district flags, newly strung high in honour of Katniss and Peeta, snapped in a brisk breeze. The air smelled of coal dust and camomile flowers. The world was at peace. When a shadow fell over her, she shivered and opened her eyes. Haymitch loomed over her. "Your turn," he said curtly and nodded vaguely towards the office door. "Peeta softened him up for you." Rose sighed and rose from the bench. "Thanks." She smiled at Peeta. "Will you be gone when I come back? I'd really appreciate you coming to talk to my first graders tomorrow." "I'll wait here," he shrugged. His eyes wandered across the square, along the shop-fronts, to the bakery. "I'm not in a hurry." To her surprise the meeting with the mayor lasted only five minutes. Instead of complaining about the school's consumptionof water, coal and kindling wood and Rose's predecessor's 'unreasonable' demands for new books, Undersee leaned back in his swivel chair and grinned at the ceiling. A battered airframe took pride of place on his desk. Rose craned her head to see the projection - three victors and the mayor, the pale colours flickering. "52 children," she checked her list. "They'll sing the anthem when the victors arrive. The little ones have painted pictures we will put up on the doors around the square." "Do whatever you deem right," the mayor allowed generously. "We haven't had a victor's feast