AN: As there is a current absence of imagination in my mind for my other stories, I present this one-shot. Don't worry, I'll get them back up and running soon. I'm not abandoning them, I promise! Disclaimer: I don't own The Lord of the Rings trilogy, nor The Hobbit; they are owned by J. R. R. Tolkien (or whoever owns them, since the man is now rolling over in his grave). Nor do I own the films, which belong to Peter Jackson. I just own the little plot for this one-shot. July 15th, TA 2994 It was a cloudless spring day and the sun shone down benevolently on the Shire, giving warmth to all creatures that lived under its yellow light. The perfect day for mushroom-picking, mused Frodo Baggins. He was 26 years old, still under the majority of 33, but ever since his cousin (but he called him "uncle" because of the huge gap in age between them) Bilbo Baggins had taken him in and made him his heir five years ago from Brandybuck Hall, he was allowed to go into the forest surrounding Hobbiton anytime that he liked, so long as he informed Bilbo first and gave him an appropriate I'll-be-back-by time. So, Frodo strode happily into the woods, on the hunt for some tasty mushrooms to cook for dinner that night for Bilbo, who was sick at the time and needed nutrient-rich foods. It wasn't long before he found some amazing-smelling orange ones growing in the shade of a tall, sturdy tree next to a clear, burbling brook. Frodo quickly uprooted a few and washed them in the nearby brook, but he didn't realize one thing: that this particular type of mushroom, when combined with the water that ran through the Shire, released a somniferous gas into the air. This gas made any creature who breathed it in sleep-walk for a time before finally collapsing into a deep sleep that lasted for many hours. Its effects could be fatal if the inhaler of the gas happened to be by a cliff or by some river rapids. Thankfully, this type of mushroom was rare in this particular region and had almost never been found by a hobbit before; in fact, it was so rare here, that the Hobbits had forgotten not to pick that type of mushroom, and so Frodo unknowingly harvested them and, of course, he inhaled the soporific in the gas, which was detectable by its queer scent. Suddenly disoriented and very sleepy, the young Hobbit stood up unsteadily and walked off, leaving the mushrooms to rot in the brook as he stumbled away. Frodo didn't pay his surroundings any mind at all as he kept sleep-walking through the forest, half-tripping over roots and low-hanging branches scratching at his skin and tearing his clothes. The further he walked, the more wild the forest became. At last, the drug in his system took complete effect and Frodo's knees buckled, his at-the-present limited consciousness wilted and he submitted to the irresistible siren call of slumber, collapsing on the spot a great distance away from Hobbiton, limbs exhausted and sky-blue dazed eyes slipping closed after the long walk. As he slept, the sun reached its zenith and passed it, then set below the horizon. Night fell. Clouds had moved in from the north, smothering the clear white light of the waxing gibbous moon. And still Frodo slept, until about midnight, when a noise woke him from his deep torpor. He gasped and his eyes flew open, glancing around confusedly when he saw that it was dark and that he didn't recognize his surroundings. Panic set in. Frodo sat up, rubbing the aches and the cold out of his stiff arm and leg muscles, wondering how on Middle Earth he'd managed to get here, where the trees looked so menacing in the gloom. A noise, the same one that had woken him up, startled Frodo into standing. It was the sound of heavy footsteps - well, heavy compared to those of Hobbits. Frodo tensed, but ultimately, he followed the sound of the footsteps, deciding to satisfy his morbid curiosity and maybe get directions back to Hobbiton. Estel, or, as he was known in small towns such as Bree, Strider, trudged through the undergrowth sleepily. He'd yet to find a suitable area for setting down his bedroll; this part of the forest was absolutely crawling with not-seen-anywhere-else flora that was rumored to cause many strange ailments to Men, Elves, Dwarves and Hobbits alike. He froze when he heard a twig snap behind him and a breathy gasp right after it. The woods went suddenly quiet and the ragged breathing behind him seemed to echo around the forest. For one long moment, everything stood still. And then Estel leaped into action. He pivoted, dropping his bedroll and pack of supplies, and had his sword drawn and on the neck of the stalker in a mere two seconds. The Ranger was shocked to see that he had his sword pressed against the neck of... a Hobbit? Frodo had been following the large Man for a bit of time now; after happening upon him passing by, he'd been too scared to approach him and ask for help, but he couldn't pass up on an opportunity such as this one, so he'd tried to follow the Man back to civilization. However, he hadn't been watching where he was going, still a bit muddled from the drug, so one of his large, hairy Hobbit feet stepped on a dry twig and the ensuing snap seemed to reverberate throughout the forest. He froze and gasped; seeing the Man copy his actions up ahead, Frodo knew that he'd heard. For one long moment, only his heavy, scared breathing could be heard, and then the Man moved so fast that Frodo wasn't even sure what happened exactly, but it ended with the strange Man wielding a sword almost taller than him at his vulnerable throat. A beam of moonlight helpfully lit the scene as the moon peeked out from the thick clouds overhead to watch the tense encounter. The young Hobbit stiffened and gaped at the Man looming over him; he had dark, scraggly hair and unkempt-looking bristle decorating his jaw and his clothes were dirty but smelled of the forest around them. A knife and a longer dagger were hooked into his haphazard belt. The Man looked just as surprised as him to see Frodo, but the Hobbit regained his senses before the Man could do the same as he realized that his back wasn't pressed to anything and that he could easily inch away from the sharp weapon and run. And so, he did, ignoring the desperate calls of the Man to come back. Estel stared down at the Hobbit, taking in his appearance. He had curly, reddish-brown hair, the bluest eyes the Man had ever seen in a mortal and was wearing simple clothes. He looked like he'd traveled a long away, and he must've, if the absence of any Hobbit civilization in the area was anything to go by. What was he doing here, so far north? Without warning, the Hobbit wrenched himself backwards, turned and ran, so fast that Estel could only yell, "Wait! Come back! I don't mean any harm," before the Hobbit was out of sight. Cursing himself, Estel ran after him. Frodo sprinted as fast as he could, desperate to get away from the mass of Man and weapon he'd just encountered. He heard sounds of pursuit and pushed himself further, pushing branches and bushes alike aside as he ran full-tilt through the thick forest. So, it was no surprise that at that great of a speed, a protruding root tripped Frodo and he went sprawling onto the ground, striking his head painfully against a conveniently-placed rock lying nearby on the way down. His last thought before he fell unconscious was that this would be how he died; stabbed by a strange Man in the dark while he had tripped over a damned root. Estel stooped down and scooped the lightweight Hobbit into his arms, examining the head wound that was bleeding sluggishly. He frowned concernedly and headed back to where he'd dropped his things, deciding that he'd set up camp there and look after the halfling, who obviously needed his help. And maybe, he'd discover just why and how the Hobbit had gotten so far north, far from any of his kind. He got a small fire going and cleansed a cloth in water from his canteen before cleaning the injury carefully, watching the young face tentatively for any reaction. There was none. Worried, Estel checked the pulse and breathing of the Hobbit, but they were steady. Must have been the head trauma and apparent exhaustion, if his ratty clothes were anything to go by regarding how far he'd traveled on foot. The Ranger heated up some leftover rabbit stew from the previous night in a pot over the fire and spread a dirty, albeit warm, blanket over the Hobbit. Stirring the contents of the pot, he brooded over the many questions the sudden appearance of the halfling had raised. Why was he following me? Estel wondered to himself. As if somehow hearing his question and wanting to answer it himself, the Hobbit groaned and shifted. Frodo's eyes cracked open, peering at the crackling fire in a dazed yet curious way, but his pupils narrowed in focus on the Man next to him and he shot up, already preparing to get up and run. "No, no," exclaimed Estel as grabbed the Hobbit's arm to prevent him from escaping into the dark night. Frodo froze, then gasped, "Let me go!" wide blue eyes trained on the strong hand gripping his wrist, and he flailed and struggled, panicking when the Ranger just tightened his grip and pulled him close to hug his arms to his side and hold his legs together in a scissor grip so that he couldn't kick and hurt Estel or himself. His back to the large Man's chest and trapped in his lap, Frodo sobbed quietly in Estel's arms, shoulders curling up and inwards and chin tucked in for some small measure of comfort in this situation that would end in either death, a lot of pain, or both. Frodo was no fool. He knew of the dangers of Men, who were known in the Shire to be rough and cruel with beings physically weaker than themselves. Even worse, was their reputation for forcing themselves in acts of dominance onto said weaker beings. Even now, Frodo could feel the Man's hardness pressing against him and he shuddered despairingly, eyes squeezed shut and prepared for the worse. Estel could feel the sheer frailty of the body restrained by him in his lap and those hauntingly beautiful blue eyes returned to him in a memory and he felt himself go hard. However, upon feeling Frodo shiver, he realized that the poor halfling was sobbing his heart out and he tried to control himself. "There, there, it's alright," he soothed, but the Hobbit was having none of it. Frodo jerked away when he tried to ruffle the halfling's hair to calm him down. "P-Please," Frodo begged, "don't hurt me. I'll l-leave a-and never come back! I-I'll never breathe a word. Just, I beg of you, please let me go! " Estel stared down at him, shocked because that was the most that he'd heard the Hobbit speak at once since he'd met him and because it scared him how desperate he sounded. Frodo's body shook like a small leaf in a strong breeze and he curled into himself even more at the lack of a response, sobbing going up an octave from distress. "I-I'll do anything, " Frodo offered. "Even... s-service you if that's what you desire. P-Please, I need to get back to my uncle! He's sick a-and needs me to look after him!" Now Estel was appalled. Service him?