Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, nor do I claim to. This is simply a one-shot using characters already created by Stephanie Meyer. Author's Note: This story is loosely based around the Sarah McLachlan song "Angel". If you have time, listen to it as you read :) BPOV I was accustomed to being left. I was familiar with pain. I was used to people walking away. Dear Diary, I'm so tired of this...this way of life, this relationship, these bruises and scars, growing more visible day by day. I'm tired of Mike doing these things to me. Somewhere, in the back of my mind, I guess I know that I don't deserve the name-calling, or the mocking, or the abuse. Growing up, I never thought that I would end up here. This was never how I planned it. If you had asked me even a year ago what I would do if a guy ever treated me this way, I would have laughed. I would have laughed because there was no way that I would have been in this situation to begin with. I would have said that he would be out the door and out of my life the second that he laid his hands on me. I don't know how it happened, and I couldn't really explain it if I tried. It wasn't a huge change, from one day to the next...it was just a small shift, or a series of shifts, over time. He would make fun of me over something that I did, or a certain reaction I had, and it would hurt my feelings, but I would brush it off. He started getting angry more often, and then he started blaming me for everything. The funny thing is, that no matter how strong I thought I was before Mike, it's no use trying to stand up under his judgment. I tell myself that it isn't my fault, that I haven't done anything wrong, but...well, there's always this nagging suspicion in the back of my mind, telling me that maybe, maybe I am to blame. Maybe this is all my fault. Things at home were never that great, growing up. Mom and dad treated me the same way then as Mike does now. So, maybe I am damaged, like Mike says. Maybe I am a freak, and I'm broken, and I am lucky to have him, because everyone knows that no other guy would want to take me... The only thing that I know is that I need out. I had dreams before Mike. I had plans, and I had hopes for the future. I was going to go to college, and get a law degree. I was going to write a book. I wanted to take acting classes, maybe even be in a movie...big dreams, I know, but they were there, and they were mine. I wanted to get married, and be an amazing wife to my husband. I wanted kids...a big family, and I wanted to teach them how to dream. But now...I don't have those dreams anymore. Not really. He crushed most of them the minute I told him what they were, and the others...the others have started fading away on their own. I don't want to marry Mike. I don't want to have a family with Mike. The worst part is that I'm not even in love with Michael Newton. I thought I was once, but it wasn't love. It was just a silly, lonely girl, wanting to be accepted...wanting to be wanted. Mike asked me to move in with him. I told him no, but it's not like it really matters. He's over here at my apartment almost all the time. He made a copy of my house-key, and he lets himself in whenever he wants. Sometimes I come home, and he's already here, acting like he owns the place. I just want away from him. I want away from all of this, but I don't know how, and I don't know where to go. I want out of this mess. I just want things to be okay again. I need a miracle...I need an angel...a hero...to rescue me. Mike's at the door; be back later. BPOV Dear Diary, Mike's finally gone. Tonight was horrible. He had a bad day at work, but he even blamed me for that. He said that I'm not a good girlfriend. He said that I don't give him what he needs, and it's my fault that he's so stressed. I'm so tired of this. I'm just tired . He called me so many things tonight...things that nobody deserves to be called. I told him that we were over. At first, he got really mad. He slapped me. He grabbed my arm, and screamed at me, and told me that I was worthless, and selfish, and that I didn't deserve him. He said that it would be over when he decides it's over, and not before. But then...then he stopped, and let go of me, and sort of laughed. He smirked, like he always does when he thinks he's better than somebody else. He said it was fine. He said he didn't need me, and that once he left, I'd be the one begging him to take me back. He said that I'm nothing without him. He's wrong about that. I won't beg him to take me back. I don't know what I'll do, but it won't be that. I can't stay here until I get the locks changed. I don't want to be alone if he comes back. -Bella- When I met you, I expected you to leave. I knew that if you got to know me it would be too much to handle. I knew that I couldn't get too close, because I would lose you, as well. I had no expectations. I couldn't allow myself to hope for something I had never had. "Jasper." Bella said when he answered his phone. " Bella?" "Jasper, I need you," she cried, unable to keep the tears out of her voice. "Bella, Bells, what happened; what's wrong? Did Mike do something? Are you hurt?" she heard the panic rising up in his usually calm voice, and hurried to reassure him. "I'm fine...I...I left him, Jazz. I left him," the words sounded so final as they echoed back into her ears. She had really done it. She had actually left Mike. "Are you at your apartment?" "No, "Bella sighed, "I'm at the hotel, close to Highway 77. Mike has a key, and I didn't want to be there if he comes back." "Okay, hold tight. I'm on the way." Jasper sounded calm again, and his steady voice leant her some comfort. "Okay, Jazz...thank you." "No problem. And Bells?" "Yeah?" "It'll be alright. I love ya, darlin'." "I know. Love you, too." BPOV Dear Diary, Jasper's on his way. Just knowing that makes me feel safer. He's my best friend, but I wish he was more; I just can't ever seem to tell him that. Even before Mike, it was Jasper. It's always been Jasper. It's funny, when we talk, in person, or on the phone, we always end by saying 'I love you'. Thing is, I mean it more than I think he knows. He's always been there for me. We met in the 9th grade, when his family moved to my town. We were both 14, and awkward. He was skinny, and short, and had messy hair and braces. I was tall for my age, and extremely bony. I had horrible, frizzy hair, and pale skin, and glasses with thick, black frames. Somehow, neither of us minded the other's appearance. I don't think we even really noticed. I fell for him the minute he introduced himself in A.P. History. After his first day, we could hardly be separated. Mike went to our school, too. He constantly flirted with me, and every other girl he came across. I swear I turned him down at least once a week, for nearly four-years. We got older, and Jasper got taller, and filled out. He got his braces taken off, and got his hair somewhat under control, and suddenly all the girls in school were constantly glued to his side. Senior year, Jasper dated a girl named Alice. She was sweet, and funny, and really pretty, and exactly the type of girl that I thought Jasper should be with. A girl that was the exact opposite of me. Even when he dated Alice, he still made time for me. They were together for about four-months when her dad got transferred with his job, and she had to move. She broke up with him, but he took it well, and they still talk sometimes. I made my big mistake that year, and agreed to go out with Mike. I guess I had finally decided that Jasper would never want me, and I settled for what I could get. Jasper just texted to say he's here. -Bella- But then something happened. You got to know me. You understood me. I let you in, because it was more effort to keep you out. And I didn't want to keep you out. When a knock sounded Bella unlocked the door as quickly as she could, and as soon as she had it open was engulfed in a strong, warm set of arms. Jasper held her tightly against himself with one arm, and ran his other hand over her hair. She didn't realize that she was crying until he took a step back and wiped the tears from her face. The look on his face was so full of emotion and concern that it made her cry even harder. When he spoke, his words were soft, "Let it out, Bells. I'm here. Just let it out." Jasper held Bella until the tears stopped, and then he wiped her face with a damp washcloth, dabbing away every visible trace of the pain Mike had inflicted that he could. He wiped away the tearstains, and the smeared eye shadow, and the mascara streaking her pale skin. He picked her up in his arms and lay on the bed facing her. He intertwined the fingers of one hand with hers and hummed softly until Bella drifted off to sleep. BPOV And then, right when I expected the loss to come, You didn't walk away. You saw my secrets, and accepted what was there. You reminded me of my worth. You reminded me of my value. Dear Diary, Jasper's stayed with me all night, so far. I woke up once, and he was watching me, almost like he was guarding me...he asked about what happened with Mike, and I told him everything. This time, I even told him the things I never had before. I told him about my parents. I told him about Mike. I told him about the cursing, and the mocking, and how I really don't have any self-esteem left. I told him that I was sorry for hiding it from him, and I was sorry that it took me so long to try to leave. He's always been more level-headed than me. He just listened, and when I finished talking, he told me that it wasn't my fault. He told me that I have nothing to apologize for, and that I'm not to blame for anything that happened. I didn't wake up at all after that until about 15-minutes ago. He was still facing me, but asleep. He's still over there in the bed, so I decided to come write at the desk, and let him rest. The moon's bright enough coming through the window, I don't even have to turn on a lamp and disturb him. I wonder if Jasper's right? I wonder if Mike's really the only one to blame in this? I want to believe him. I want to, and in my heart, I do. The hardest thing for me has always