The golden sisters, or as the gods called them The three disasters. The three girls are all daughters of the three major gods. Silver Sky, Goddess of lightning and parties. She is the daughter of Zeus but is the champion of Hera. Penelope South, Goddess of Sea creatures and protector of Atlantis. The Favorite daughter of Poseidon. She is also a world champion in surfing 4 years running. Summer Rose, Goddess of Souls, Queen of Taurus, Ruler of monsters, princess of hell, and holder of Roses. She is the oldest child of Hades and Persephone. Camp half blood was in full swing, it was mid july and the Hermes cabin was planning a huge scavenger hunt. Everyone was excited for it, well almost everyone. "Nico! Come on it wont be that will be fun! I promise." Will called to his boyfriend, who sat inside in cabin alone in the dark. A shuffling sound came from inside the cabin, will got off the door and placed a smile on his tan face. But then he heard something being pushed up against the door. Will pushed on the door only to be met with a very heavy door. "Oh come on Nico!" Will yelled at the door. "Will!" A voice yelled pulling the blonde doctor's attention away from his very stubborn boyfriend. He turned to see Percy and annabeth walking hand in hand toward the Poseidon Cabin. They both had dirt marks all over their bright orange camp shirts. Percy had dirt smeared across his face, while annabeth had it in her her normally blonde hair. "What are you doing?" Percy asked as he walked over to Will. "I'm trying to get Nico out of his cabin and then get ready for the hunt tonight." "Why doesn't he want to go?"Annabeth asked. "Because he wants to stay home tonight. And he thinks the game is going to be rigged for the Hermes and Ares cabin." Will rolled his eyes at his boyfriends silly reasons. "That's not true, the Ares cabin and the hermes cabin are fighting because Angelica and Tony broke up." Piper says, she is walking with Leo and Jason behind her. Janson and piper broke up right before summer, Piper told Jason that she was gay. "When did that happen?" Will asked. "About two days ago." "Today during sword fighting the two of them weren't talking and I thought that they were just fighting." Percy responds. "Bro, why are you covered in dirt?" Jason asked. Percy looked down at himself then smiled. "I was doing a demonstration when Wise girl came out of nowhere and attacked me." A smile grew on his face. "But I won in the end." Annabeth hit him in the gut, topping him over himself. "Your bragging will get you killed one day." Annabeth spoke through gritted teeth. Laughter could be heard through the hades black door. "Hey Nico! Come on out here, you can join my team." Jason called. "No way come join my team!" Percy yelled. "No my team!" "Come on buddy, we work so well together." Percy tried to reason with him. "Why don't all of you work together? And make one big team?" Annabeth said. Percy and Jason's face lit up. "Let's do it!" They said in started their extremely long and weird handshake. While everyone laughed. another person stood at the edge of the hades cabin. Her dark braid pulled to the side coming over one of her shoulders, her hands were on her hips and her long purple cape moved in the soft summer breeze. "Nico Di Angelo." She called out. Everyone turned to look at the voice. Percy's face fell, while annabeth's lit up. "Come out here now." She called out again, all that was heard was fast shuffling coming from inside the dark cabin. Then a shout came from inside the cabin "Go away Reyna! I'm not coming out no matter what!" Reyna just shrugged her shoulders and moved her raid from one side to the other. She walked up to the cabin door, and with power that only a predator could have she pulled the door open, breaking the front of the door was a dresser and pillows, she rolled her eyes and moved the stuff out of her way. A small scream came from inside the pitch black cabin. Then some yelling and a louder scream. Soon after, Reyna came walking out of the pitch black cabin with a skinny pale black haired boy, over her shoulder. He was kicking her his thin t-shirt was falling down and was showing off the scars on his back. Reyna tossed him on the ground, and stood sturdy like a door. He fell on his back, letting out a grunt. Pushing his long hair out of his face it showed off his chiseled pale face, and his dark brown eyes. Will thought about how beautiful he looked at that very moment. "What the hades Reyna! I told you that I don't wanna play!" Nico called. His face was contorted into anger. "And I told you that I don't care what you want, if you don't play you will regret it." Reyna spoke in her loud leader voice. Then her shoulders fell into a more relaxed stance, "We Romans did not come all this way for you to sit inside your cabin all night alone." Nico just squinted his eyes at her. "Just suffer through it, and if it truly is as bad as you thought then I'll share my cake with you." A gasp was heard all around. Reyna was very particular about her cake and never let anyone touch it. "Fine" Nico grumbled. Cheers were heard from the group of friends. And a feeling of happiness surrounded them. About two hours later the hunt was going to start. And as discussed, the Poseidon, Jupiter/Zeus, and Hades/Putlo cabins teamed up and made "The Power Three." Nico's little half sister had no issue joining in on the team, just as long she could carry the flag on her back like a cape. The other cabins also made teams, The Apollo cabin and the Visiting Artemis hunters had teamed up, with Will's great leadership skills they made a deal. Then the Ares and Aphrodite's cabins worked with each other. The Hephaestus cabin and the Athenian trope worked well with one another so they were helping each other out. And the rest were teamed up with a group of Romans. Reyna had joined in with the Athenian cabin, and co-captained with Annabeth. "Welcome to the scavenger hunt put on by the Hermis cabin. And before you start the Hermis cabin will be sitting this out, but will offer help if teams get stuck." Chiron yelled over the teams all yelled in union the show how excited they were. Chiron had eyes a group of hermis kids that were slapping each other, his tall house stacher gave him height and intimidation over any campers. "And now a few words from the god sponsoring this, Be nice to Dionysus god of wine." A small yell was heard in the back, but most of the campers had stayed quite. Then a short man walked up, his hair was an unruly mess of black curls, his shirt was baby blue with brick pink flamingos and he wore a pair of green and orange plaid shorts, showing off his stubby, hairy legs. HIs eyes were bloodshot and glossed over. He had dark bags under his eyes the size of a drachma. "Welcome!" He said in a loud voice. Then he turned the Chiron, who moved his hand to keep going. "Demigods from all over are here to participate in this hunt so..make it good. Okay I'm done." And with a weak wave he started to walk off. But someone was clapping in the far back, the campers turned to see who was slow clapping for Dionysus. There stood a girl with extremely curly dark brown hair. She stood in short shorts and a purple shirt. She had necklaces around her neck with thick beads each painted differently. "I see your speeches have declined over the years." Her voice was sweet and calming. But the reaction that Chiron gave and the face Dionysus made show that she is anything but that. "What are you doing here?" Chiron asked, his voice deep and laced with a growl. "OH come on Chiron is that any way to greet an old student?" She asked a smile growing on her face. Her eyes lit up to a bright purple. "You were told to never set foot on these grounds again!" Chiron shouted at the girl. She just smiled more, growing into a joker like smile. Silence fell over the camp, but weapons were drawn, Percy was at the ready, and Jason could feel the electricity at the tips of his fingers. "Oh calm down boys." She spoke toward Percy and Jason. "I'm not here for you." "I thought you were dead." Dionysus whispered. She looked to him and sent him a deathly glare. "Well sorry to disappoint you again, but I am very much alive." She sneered. "Maybe you should get your head out of the bottom of a bottle and look around, talk about deadbeat dad." "Dad!" Percy and Annabeth said in union. The whole camp fell into quiet whispers. "Yes son of Poseidon and daughter of Athena I am the daughter of this drunk." she paused and her smile grew again. "McKenzie what are you doing here?" The wine god asked in a quiet voice. "Oh he remembers my name! Praise the titans!" She starts to walk toward the God her smile never leaving her face. "I'm here for payment." Dionysus furred his eyebrows in confusion. Rolling her eyes she continued "My brother was taken from me in an unlawful way and I want payment. And since the so called Olympians wont give in to me I will take it!" She had reached her father and with the two of them so close you could tell that they were related. "But I did not kill your brother, neither did any of the Olympic Gods." Dionysus looked even more confused than before. Rolling her eyes, Mckenzie turned from her father on to the group of demigods, her purple eyes scanned the group of tense teens. Then her eyes landed on a pair of dark brown eyes. " Brother for a brother." Her voice was scratchy and a dark purple cloud formed around her hands. But before she could take a step, Dionysus Grabbed her from behind and with a flash of light the two of them disappeared. "What just happened?" Frank asked. Everyone turned to Percy and Chiron. Chiron's face was pale and shaken in fear. "So? Is the game canceled?" One of the hermes kids asked. Chiron looked at him and gave a look that could kill. "Everyone return to your cabins. Romans go to your greek parent's respected cabin. Please go inside. Head of cabins please help your cabin mates get inside then meet in in the big house." Everyone just kinda looked around. "NOW!" Chiron yelled. Percy quickly moved with Annabeth and started to yell at everyone to get moving. "Percy?" He was standing next to Jason looking over the Greeks and Romans move around. The two demigods looked behind them to see a small girl with dark grey eyes and curly brown hair, her face was tear stained. She looked no older than 13. Percy remembered her from the Athena cabin she was one of the new demigods. "What?" They asked together. "What is going on?" She asked her voice cracking. Percy looked to Jason and they talked with their eyes. "Truth is. I don't know." The little girl started to cry again . "But I do know that chiron dose and we have to trust him." Percy bent down her her height and wiped away her tears. She smiled at him showing off a pair of