Hey guys! So...I'm back with a two-shot! I got some inspiration for this one while I went on vacation to Wisconsin Dells. That was lot of fun. For those of you who don't know what that is, Wisconsin Dells is basically this resort. It's split up into I think four different resorts. My family and I stayed at one called Kalahari. There are water parks at those resorts, so my family and I spent most of our vacation there in the water. But well, it gave me the idea for this two-shot! So I hope you guys enjoy it! Keep in mind: The setting of the story is at the Kalahari resort in Wisconsin Dells ((: Full sum: Percy expected his vacation to involve sleeping around with hot babes. What he didn't expect was to meet an attractive blonde with serious attitude. Annabeth expected her vacation to involve spending time with her friends. What she didn't expect was to find herself telling a hot, green eyed man to fuck off every five minutes. The accidents they cause are completely unavoidable, and might just lead to something more...High T rating, but no lemon. Percabeth TWO-SHOT AU OOC Disclaimer: I only own the plot The guys watched as the blue rubber, super wet ball flew over Percy's head. The green eyed man turned his attention to his friend Jason, narrowing his eyes at him. "Seriously dude? What the fuck was tha-" "WHAT THE FUCK!" The guys winced at the shriek coming from an obvious female. Great, thought Percy. Chick pissed off. He turned to face his friends, who were all looking anywhere but the direction the yell had come from. Rolling his eyes, Percy swam over to the edge of the pool. He swiftly got out, water dripping from his shorts to the floor, his face to his chest, and his hair down his cheeks. He scanned the horde of people walking around everywhere. The sun shone brightly in the sky, and Percy had to shield his eyes in order to see clearly. Families milled around the water park, their bathing suits dripping with water. Kids shrieked with laughter and ran around. Laughs and smiles filled the air. Everyone looked happy. Except for one extremely pissed off looking lady. Percy spotted the rubber ball on the lap of a blonde woman laying down in one of the blue-white chairs, surrounded by about four other girls. Even from this far away, Percy could see her blue eyes blazing with anger behind her sunglasses as she scanned the crowd of people. Percy turned to glare at his friends in the pool, who were clearly avoiding his gaze. Sighing, Percy walked over to the woman, occasionally winking at passing girls. They giggled and scanned his body up and down as he shot them winks and smirks. Too easy, the twenty four year old man thought. He finally made his way over to the woman the ball had landed on. She was still looking around everywhere, trying to find the bastard that had thrown the ball at her. Percy cleared his throat and shot her a grin as she turned to face him, hoping that he could ease her anger by flirting with her. Now up close, Percy got a better view of her and holy shit he felt his soaking shorts getting slightly tighter. She had the body of a supermodel. She had the perfect hourglass shaped figure that would have any guy on his hands and knees drooling, her perfectly tan skin glowing under the sun's rays. She was wearing a gray and white bikini, not helping at all with Percy's raging hormones. She had honey blonde hair curled like a princess's, tumbling down her shoulders gracefully. She had high cheekbones that framed her face and full, pink, deliciously inviting lips. Her perfectly toned body was outlined by the glow of the sun. Percy had to suppress a groan at the sight of her, and he settled for shooting her a flirtatious grin. The woman took off her sunglasses and settled them atop her golden hair, her blue eyes flashing angrily. Wait...not blue. Gray. As if this woman wasn't hot enough, she just had to have that unique color of eyes. Long, dark eyelashes brushed against her cheekbones. The gray specks in her eyes swirled like a thunderstorm, making Percy want to flinch under their gaze. They were cold, and shone with intelligence that at one glance, anyone would know that this girl wasn't your typical dumb blonde. (AN: I have absolutely nothing against blondes.) But as cold as they were, they had a seductive glint to them that would make any man come trailing behind her at just one stare from them. As she stared at Percy, her eyes seemed to be telling him something. Get closer to me, they seemed to say. Do whatever you want to me. "Is this your ball?" She asked, her tone sharp. Holy fuck, her voice. Percy bit his lip and smirked sexily at her. "Yeah, sorry baby girl. My friend has a terrible throw," he said, leaning over to pluck the ball out from her lap. Percy had to restrain himself from jumping her right then and there, his eyes trailing up her mile-long legs as he leaned over her. The girl's eyes flared, and Percy tried to ignore the urge to flinch. "I have a name, dickwad. And it is not 'baby girl.'" She spat furiously. Percy smirked cockily at her. Fiesty, he thought. This girl's gonna be a challenge. I like that . " Tóte tí enai, paremórfo?" He asked in Greek. Then what is it, gorgeous? This chick looked smart. Percy wanted to see if she was smart enough to know such a language. Instead of frowning in confusion and looking at her friends for an answer, her eyes glinted challengingly. She straightened, causing her legs to shift. The movement caused Percy's eyes to wander her body, and he immediately set the ball in front of his lower area in order to hide his slowly growing bulge. "Annabeth Chase," she responded haughtily. Her friends smirked at Percy knowingly, their eyes glinting with amusement. Percy figured this wasn't the first time this girl had acted like this towards someone, and Percy somehow knew that if he pushed it too far, this blonde wouldn't hesitate to kick him in the balls. But Percy didn't care. The only thoughts running through his mind were the delicious visions of what he could do to this woman. "Peíte ston filo sas na ergasteí gia tis ikanótités tou na petáei," she responded in the same language. Tell your friend to work on his throwing skills. Holy shit this girl was driving him insane. How hot can she get? No, hot didn't even cover it. This girl was sexy as hell. Her eyes flashed angrily, turning a steely gray. "If this ball gets within five feet of me and my friends again, I will not hesitate to drown you in that pool." Percy smirked at her. "It was an accident, Miss Chase," he replied, his voice coming out huskier than he expected. "I assure you it won't come near you again. But," his voice turned low, and he couldn't help but grin sexily at her. "I can't guarantee that I will be able to stay away from you." The green eyed man shot her a wink, and then strode off. Annabeth and her friends watched as the man strode off, or rather, waddled off it seemed. Thalia snickered next to her. "Annabeth, I think you gave him a boner." Annabeth rolled her eyes and huffed, pulling her sunglasses over her eyes once again. That man was way too cocky. Just one glance at him and Annabeth could already tell he was a fuckboy. Sure, he was actually really good looking, but the way he stared hungrily at her like she was a piece of meat was enough to make Annabeth instantly hate him. "Aw, come on Annie!" Her other best friend Piper whined on the other side of her. "Did you see how hot he is? Look at all his muscles and abs and oh my God, his eyes! Have you ever seen such gorgeous green eyes?" Annabeth rolled her eyes, but she couldn't disagree. Those sea green eyes definitely added to the guy's appearance. He was very well muscled, with sun-kissed skin someone could only get by spending hours under the sun. His wild mess of raven hair fell into his ocean colored eyes. He had a sharp jaw line and perfectly full lips Annabeth's eyes couldn't help but wander to. His voice had dropped ridiculously low, and Annabeth couldn't deny the shiver that had threatened to run through her spine. No, she thought sharply. The guy just wants to get inside my pants. Besides, the dick never even introduced himself. "Damn, look at the other guys he's hanging with," she heard Thalia point out beside her. She followed her friend's gaze to a pool a little close to where they were. She watched as he wrestled for the ball a buff guy with black hair cut into a buzz cut was holding. The buff guy tossed it over to a pale man with a dark shock of hair, who quickly caught it and shot it into the basket that was facing them. Four other basket hoops were in the pool, suspended over a faux tree. There were only about four other guys playing with the sea green eyed man. They were the only ones in the pool. "That dark haired, pale guy is cute," Thalia muttered next to her. Annabeth's eyes focused in on the guy. He seemed about Thalia's age. Around twenty two. He was a bit shorter than the other men, with a wild mess of dark hair. He seemed abnormally pale. He had a nicely toned body with well defined muscles. Seemed like Thalia's type. "Oh my God," Piper breathed in sharply. "Look at the blonde guy." Annabeth's eyes landed on a tall man with neatly trimmed golden hair. He had a well muscled body and bright blue eyes Annabeth could see even from where she was. He had a bright smile, and his eyes twinkled happily. He had a sharp jaw line and appeared to have high cheekbones. He currently was holding the ball, and he tossed it to the man that had retrieved the ball, who burst out of the water with such force it surprised Annabeth. The man swiftly dunked the ball into the basket, and held his arms up in triumph as it made it in. Reyna narrowed her eyes as she stared at the guy Piper had pointed to, but said nothing. She opened her mouth to say something, but seemed to change her mind and closed it again. "What is it, Reyna?" Asked Annabeth, picking up on her friend's hesitation. Reyna's obsidian eyes studied the blonde man, but finally, she shook her head. "Nothing," she responded, flipping her long dark braid so it tumbled down her shoulder. Thalia narrowed her eyes at the blonde man as well. "He looks... familiar," she said hesitantly. Annabeth frowned. She was pretty sure she'd never seen the guy before, and she had practically grown up with these girls. Anyone that they know, she does as well. Finally, Thalia shook her head, her shoulder length dark hair shifting from the action. Hazel, the youngest of them all, being twenty years old, cocked her head to the side, her cinnamon curls bouncing from the action, a frown on her face as she watched the group of boys. "What did you think of that man, Annabeth?" The blonde woman immediately felt her blood turn cold. She huffed and crossed her arms over her chest, watching the man with disdain. "He's too arrogant and too much of a perv. Did you see the way he was looking at me?" Hazel nodded, her gold eyes glinting uncertainly and