Hi guys! So, the idea for this one-shot came to me while I was watching K.C Undercover XD I have no idea why, but it just did. So, I decided itd be fun to write. I hope you guys enjoy it ((: Disclaimer: I do not own PJO Percy ran down the street, gasping and heaving. He glanced behind his shoulder. Shit. They were still right behind him. He heard the oh-so- familiar blaring of a siren and saw the blinding flashes of blue and red. He picked up his pace, swiftly rounding a corner and into yet another street, ignoring the bruises and cuts that were lined up all over his body. He glanced behind him once more. He couldn't see them. The green-eyed man snickered. Lost them. No he didn't. He saw the three white cars turn on his corner, their sirens wailing and lights flashing. "Fucking shit. Can't get rid of those idiots," grumbled Percy. He saw another corner up ahead, and without thinking twice, he ran into it. Bad decision. Percy never thought twice about his actions. He just thought of how they could benefit him, and he did it. Never thought of the consequences, or how stupid the action might be. Nope. Never. This was one example of him being an impulsive idiot. The corner he rounded turned out to lead into an alley. It was pitch black, weird figures casting dark shadows on the pavement. Percy didn't pay this any attention. He just kept running. Soon enough though, he tripped over a trashcan lid, sending a loud clang through the eerily silent alley. Percy fell forward, managing to thrust out his hands in front of him to break his fall. His hands scraped against the cold cement, sure to leave cuts. He got up quickly, using his arms to jump up. He ignored the burning sensation on his hands and kept running. He ran and ran, very much aware of the glare of red and blue lights behind him, that stupid wail echoing through the alley. Percy sprinted across the cement, practically flying over it. He was sure he could outrun them, when he crashed into something cold and solid. Percy fell backwards and onto his bottom. He brought his hand up to his face to gently touch his nose. It feel fine, yet it was bleeding from the collision with the wall. Grunting, Percy stood up, running his hand over the solid wall. A dead end. "Fucking God," growled Percy, pounding his fist against the damn wall that was keeping him from escaping. He heard the wail get closer, the sound of tires screeching to a halt. Percy kept facing the wall, not bothering to turn around. He heard car doors open and slam, and the sound of guns being clicked. "Turn around and put your hands above your head. You're cornered, so don't you dare try escaping." Percy raised an eyebrow. It was a woman's voice. But not the one he was familiar with. This voice was smoother and firm and commanding and confident. It wasn't like the voice of the other woman that always arrested Percy. Damn Thalia Grace. Her voice was cold, sharp, and scary. "I said turn around. You're cornered you idiot, so don't you dare try to think if a way of escaping." Warned the same voice. "No shit Sherlock," muttered Percy, yet he repeated the same actions he did almost every week. He rose his arms above his head and turned around achingly slowly. Once he did, the glare of the lights blinded him, and he was unable to identify the woman who's the voice belonged to. "Grace, Ramirez," the same voice commanded. Percy smirked to himself. He was already all too familiar with these two. They were the same ones that put him in handcuffs every week. They stepped towards him. The woman added unnecessarily, "you're under arrest." Percy snorted as the two officers walked up to him, one of them keeping his arms behind his back while the other handcuffed him. "No, really? I thought we were going out for ice cream. You know, by restraining my arms so I could eat my chocolate chip mint ice cream comfortably." Percy couldn't see her face, but he could practically hear her face scowling murderously at him."Don't give me that sarcasm shit. You have right to remain silent." Percy snickered and rolled his eyes. Under his breath, he muttered. "Hi Reyna, Jason. Long time no see." Percy grinned when he felt Reyna's fingernails dig into his arm. How he knew it was her? She did that to him everytime he greeted her as she handcuffed him. "Shut up Jackson. We literally saw you last Friday." Percy clucked his tongue. "Hm, you're right. I forgot." He heard Jason chuckle next to him. "Oh Percy. When will you ever stop getting into situations like this?" Percy smirked. "When I start following the law." He could almost hear Reyna and Jason rolling their eyes next to him. It was the same response he gave everyone when they asked him that same question. It was pretty clear that he'd never start following the law. Not now, not ever. The unfamiliar woman roughly grabbed him and shoved him into the backseat of the police car. "Damn, no need to be so brutal," he grumbled, only to be ignored by her. She climbed into the driver's seat, and to Percy's dismay, he wasn't able to see her face, nor anything about her, thanks to the barricade keeping him from trying anything. It was soundproof too, (are they? Idk :/) so Percy couldn't make any conversation with this mysterious woman that he so desperately wanted to see. Percy smiled as a thought hit him. Maybe she'll be the one interrogating me. Satisfied, Percy leaned back in the seat, a smirk on his face as he enjoyed this oh-so-familiar ride. When Percy spotted the station, he smiled. This place was practically a second home to him. He came here every week. Unable to get out of the car on his own, he waited patiently for the mysterious woman to open the door and take him in. Unfortunately, it was Jason who opened the door. He smirked at him. "Come on man. Let's go through the same procedure you go through every week." Percy grinned and scooted himself out of the car. Jason grabbed his forearm and began tugging him inside the building. Percy was hit with a smell of coffee and the sight of officers and people walking around. Some were crying, either of happiness or sadness, while others were just milling around with pale faces. Percy smiled. Nothing's changed. He inclined his head toward Jason. "Hey, whose that new chick? It certainly wasn't Thalia. I know that for a fact." Jason chuckled. "Thalia's been moved to run another department, one in New Jersey. We have a new head of the police force now. She was the one who shoved you into the car. Her name's Annabeth Chase," Jason whistled softly, smirking. "She's a tough one. Prideful, that's for sure. She exceeded her classes with the highest grades and graduated extremely early. If Thalia wasn't my sister and she wouldn't pull out a gun to shoot someone immediately, I'd say Annabeth's as good an officer as she is." Percy's eyes widened. "Damn," that was all he could think of. Now he really wanted to meet this Annabeth Chase. Another thought struck him. He smirked wryly. "Is she hot?" Jason snickered and tilted his head from side to side. "She's a looker, that's for sure. But, I can't say much about her looks, Piper would kill me." Percy grinned, his feet anxious to go into the interrogation room. Jason noticed this and chuckled. He clapped Percy on the back. "Go on dude. You literally have this place memorized," Percy smirked and began walking towards the room, still in handcuffs. "And Percy?" Jason called him. Percy looked back, a quizzical look in his face. Jason shot him a wink. "Be careful." Annabeth got out of the car soon after Jason brought the green-eyed criminal inside. She rubbed her temples to relax herself. She felt tensed up now that she had this position. A lot of things came up and she had to be on alert. After all, this was New York. Anything could happen. She walked into the building, greeting people along the way. She went to the front desk, where Piper was clicking away on her computer. She looked up from the screen, greeting Annabeth with a cheerful smile. "Hey Annabeth." Annabeth sighed. "Hey Piper." Annabeth and Piper had been friends since high school, along with Thalia as part of their group. They all always wanted to work with the police force, and here they were. Yet sadly, Thalia had been recruited to another police department all the way in New Jersey, leaving Annabeth to take her spot as the head of the police force in New York. "Bring in Jackson today?" Piper asked, going back to clicking her mouse. Annabeth blinked at her. "Yes. How do you know?" Piper laughed. "Percy Jackson is the most known criminal here. He breaks a law every Friday, and we have to send some officers to go after him. Then, they take him back here to interrogate him. After that, they put him in a cell. Then, after about two hours, his cousin Nico Di Angelo come and bails him out. He goes through that same routine every week." Annabeth rolled her eyes. "I have to go interrogate him right now. Any advice?" Piper simply smiled slyly at her and winked. "Be careful with him." Annabeth's curiosity level rose up to a hundred after what Piper had told her. Be careful with him. Why? It's not like he would whip out a knife and stab her with it. After all, there would be two guards in there with her as well. Why should she have to worry? Except, Annabeth wasn't worried. Not really. She was just curious. Curious to talk to this criminal that officers always whispered about during meetings or in the lounge. She hadn't gotten a good look at this criminal. She had paid him no attention. She already disliked him, not just because he was a criminal, but because they way he had responded to her made her blood boil and her fingers itch to press the trigger on him. She pushed those thoughts away as she neared the door to the interrogation room. She carefully opened the door and strode inside. There he was, sitting on a chair, looking bored and irritated. His hands were uncuffed, and he was currently crossing them over his chest. The criminal's eyes flickered up to meet Annabeth's, and she had to bite back a gasp. Annabeth expected to see an old guy in his 40s or 30s, out of shape and gross-looking. What she didn't expect to see, was this gorgeous man around his mid 20s, being the criminal she was supposed to interrogate. Percy waited impatiently for this Annabeth Chase to arrive. He was itching to see her, to meet her, to talk to her. He realized that things would be different now. He wouldn't be put in handcuffs by Thalia anymore. He wouldn't be shoved into Thalia's police car anymore. He wouldn't be interrogated by Thalia anymore. No. Annabeth will now be putting him in handcuffs. He would be shoved into Annabeth's police car. He would be interrogated by Annabeth now. Percy wasn't sure what to think of that actually. He heard the door click open, but he didn't bother to look up. It wasn't until he heard the door close that he looked up to meet the person's eyes. Percy had to clench his jaw tight to keep from drooling. This woman was hot. She had perfect curves that would drive any man insane. Her skin was perfectly tanned, going along great with her golden princess