Chapter 1: Bat-Shit Crazy Will was undoubtedly tired, but eternally thankful that Dalia had let him off early tonight. He hadn't slept in literally three days and was running solely on caffeine right now. Of course, as much as he wanted to just go him and collapse into an exhausted heap, he was craving French toast, and he only knew one place that would still be serving breakfast at one in the morning. The train came to a halt, and the doors slid open to let in a particularly chilly breeze. Will stepped off onto a pretty much deserted platform. Or at least, that's what Will thought. The train began to pull away just as something sharp stuck Will through his coat and scrubs. "Give me your wallet." Now, Will should be terrified, but being a first responder, he had been in situations like this before. It wasn't the safest of jobs, especially when the 911 call can totally be a trap and turn into a hostage situation. Yikes. Will reaches into his pocket and pulls out the folded rectangle of leather and hands it to his attacker. The knife retracts, and the guy brushes past him like nothing happened. The guy, he's small, much shorter than Will, and a hell of a lot skinnier. He's got really dark hair that's moderately long, pulled back behind his head. He's pale, covered in scars, and is wearing ratty sneakers, torn jeans, and a faded t-shirt. "Hey, wait!" The guy turns around, and Will sees that he looks 21 or 22, Will's age, with the deepest, darkest pair of eyes in the entire universe. "If you're gonna go around robbing people all night, at least take my jacket. It's cold." The guy stares at Will as he sheds his jacket (a basic sweatshirt Will got for like, ten bucks) and holds it out towards him. "What?" "Take my jacket," Will waves it at him, and when he doesn't take it, the blonde sighs, "Okay, fine. Don't. I was just headed to a diner a few blocks from here. You wanna grab something to eat." More staring. "...Why are you being so nice?" Will shrugs, "Simple human decency. Come on." The guy follows Will down the platform and then down the block, into the comforting warmth of Maggie's Diner, where they seat themselves. The guy, he looks uncomfortable, and Will can see the hunger on him. It doesn't take long for a server to come to their table, Alex, who's particularly sarcastic and snippy, but in a good way. "What can I get for ya?" The guy… he's staring at her. Almost in awe. Maybe it's the fact that she's an obvious natural born-male wearing a skirt, or maybe it's the green hair, but either way, she doesn't comment on it. She's used to staring. "Um, I'll get French toast, Alex. And a burger and fries for…" "Nico," the guy says, quickly looking away from Alex. Will gives a slight nod of the head, accepting that, and Alex leaves to fulfill their order. "Is he-" "She," Will corrects, "She is transgender, yes, but only some days. Other days she's very masculine. It depends." Nico doesn't say anything, obviously just processing. Alex comes back with their food really quickly, and Nico stares at his a minute before eating, very slow and very quiet for someone who looks like they've never eaten anything in their life. "So, how old are you?" Will asks. It didn't take him long to finish his French toast. Thankfully, his weird craving is gone. "Eighteen," the guy says, surprising Will. He looks older, but that may be the bags under his eyes and the broken look. "So…. did you finish school?" Will asks, as Alex drops off the check. Nico nods, "Yeah, I was supposed to go to college at the start of this year, but…." tears well up in the teen's eyes, and Will stops pushing. "Anyway, you have the money," Will says as Nico blinks away his tears, "You'll have to pay." Nico takes the wallet out of his pocket, looks long and hard at it, and then reluctantly hands it over. He stands up. "Thank you," he says quietly, and starts to walk out, when Will catches him by the sleeve of the jacket. "Now hold on," Will says, "I'm not done with you yet." Nico's face contorts into something terrified, and Will is confused until he realizes how he sounds. Shit. "No, not like that!" Will exclaims, letting go of Nico's sleeve, "I promise, not like that. What I meant was, I have an extra bedroom in my apartment, and I was thinking I could let you stay until you get back on your feet. Get a job here maybe. You'd probably have to quit threatening people with knives-" Nico smiles, and Will decides he really likes that smile, "-but I'm sure you'd do okay! Whaddaya say?" Nico wipes some hair out of his face. "You don't even know me," he says, "I could kill you in your sleep." Will pales. "I think maybe you should leave your knife with me….." Nico smiles again, takes the knife out of his back pocket and hands it to Will. The blonde smiles. That counts as a yes. They pay for the meal (Alex gives Will a look as they leave, and writes He's totally gonna murder you on the receipt) and Will leads Nico down the street towards his apartment. They get out of the cold, and climb up three flights of stairs (damn the broken elevator) until they reach 320B, at which point Will has to awkwardly dig the keys out of the pocket of his jacket (which Nico is still wearing) and unlocks the door. Will's apartment is small, but homey, opening up to a small kitchen with an open bar, a cozy living room, a door to the right leading to the bathroom, and two separate doors on the left wall leading to each bedroom. "That'll be your room," Will says, pointing at the farther of the two doors, but first you can use the bathroom and shower, if you like. I'll try to find some clothes that you can wear until we get you new ones, but I'm like three heads taller than you so like-" "Anything, is fine," Nico says, sounding more confident than he has the whole night, "You offered me a room in your apartment, bought me dinner, and I fucking… I had a knife to your back." Will smiles softly. "I'm crazy, aren't I?" Nico nods pretty enthusiastically. "Bat-shit!" Will laughs. "Take a shower. I'll find some clothes." Nico's grin fades and he nods, stepping into the bathroom and locking the door behind him. "Bat-shit….." Will repeats. Chapter 2: He's Totally a Stray Puppy "You did what?!" Jason exclaims, so loudly Will has to physically pull the phone away from his ear like they do in the movies. "Calm down!" Will hisses, "He's eighteen and he was on the street in a t-shirt and torn jeans. It's almost December, Jason. What the fuck do you expect me to do?!" "Let him take your wallet!" Jason yells, "He's not a stray dog, Will. He could kill you in your sleep or some shit! It's Chicago. You're right in the middle of an all-out gang war. It could be a trap!" "Sure," Will agrees sarcastically, "And when an eighteen year old white homeless boy slits my throat, an equally white, young paramedic, on the orders of a gang, I will bow down to you, Grace." "Don't you hang up you son of a-" Will hangs up. He's currently sitting in his living room, waiting for Nico to wake up. They've gotta get clothes today, but Will doesn't want to wake the teen up any sooner than he has to. Suddenly, the guest bedroom door swings open, and Will sits up a little straighter, only to see that Nico looks completely disoriented. "Where am-" "Will," Will says, "Fed you, brought you home, am getting you clothes soon." "I'm not a dog." " He's not a stray dog, Will!" Will shakes Jason's annoying voice out of his head, and runs his fingers through his hair. Nico's got on boxers and a t-shirt much too large for him, which is actually kinda cute… ah, shut the fuck up, gay thoughts. "I don't have any pants for you, but you can borrow one of my shirts if you pull on your old jeans. I can't really afford name brand, I'd like, target and shit is okay." Will moves into his room and grabs the nearest clean t-shirt, and finds Nico hiking up his jeans. "I shouldn't be letting you do this," Nico says, tugging off the over-sized shirt (pale chest, some abs, scars) and pulling on the new shirt, "I shouldn't be here. This is really freaking bizarre." "It's not bizarre," Will says, even though it's really bizarre, "It's almost December, you were alone and looking like shit-" "Wow, thanks." "-and I'm a huge softie when it comes to situations like that. C'mon, let's go." They take the train to the nearest strip mall and comb through target. Will doesn't want to offer anything Nico won't like, and Nico doesn't want to offer something too expensive. It's a slow going process. "Maybe we should just forget the clothes and get like, eighty-five packages of M&Ms," Nico says, exasperated. "As much as I love M&Ms," Will says, "You need some decent clothes, and that's final. After this, we're going down to Maggie's and getting you a job." "So then I can pay half the rent?" "Let's start with half the grocery bill." Eventually, they ended up with a significant amount of clothes that Will could afford. When the cashier said the price ($246, even) Nico's jaw dropped so low Will tapped his chin in order to get him to close it again. "I'm so sorry," Nico says as they walk out, "I shouldn't- you shouldn't- Will, stop walking." Will stops walking, "I can't let you be so nice to me. I just… it's not right. I can't do anything for you in return… well, I could, but nevermind that. What I mean is…. I can't.. I don't have.. Nobody…." "Are you done?" Will asks, "Cause you're gonna let me be nice to you whether you like it or not, Nico whatever-your-last-name-is. Now, we're getting you a job." Will turns and continues walking. After a few moments silence, Nico says, "Di Angelo." Will grins. "Solace." They take the train back to Will's neighborhood, and walk into Maggie's, arms full of various target bags. Will can't believe his luck when he sees the owner himself standing right there. "Magnus!" The man, blond like Will, glances over, and grins. "Hey Will." "Hi! This is Nico," Nico waves, "And he's been having a rough time, so I'm helping him get back on his feet." "Oh, is he a friend?" "No, he tried to stab me. But he's past that, I promise. I was wondering if he could take a job here? I know you're short a few people." Magnus shrugs. "As long as he doesn't try to stab anybody else." "This is the weirdest job interview I've ever witnessed," Alex says from behind the counter, "And quite possibly the shortest." "We were once in the same boat," Magnus says, gesturing between him and Alex, "Completely lost and homeless. But, fortunately, we made it, and now we're just fine. You can start tomorrow, noon sharp, okay?" "That would be great," Nico says quietly, obviously shy. Magnus smiles, and hops over the counter. "I feel like my whole life has flipped upside down," Nico mutters as Will steers him out of the diner and down the street to the apartment. "I sincerely hope that's a good thing." When they get into the apartment, Will practically demands a fashion show, and since he bought the clothes, Nico does what he's told. "This is stupid!"