My sister said there weren't enough Sally/Poseidon fics, so here we go. She also contributed some excellent one-liners and edited some. (Hey, sometimes if you want something done, you have to {help} do it yourself) Chapter song: Destination- Nickel Creek It's summer, so Sally and Percy are here, coaxing a fire into being, in spite of the chilling evening breeze. She'd taken one look at the fireplace, with a layer of grease and grime so thick that even Hestia would have proclaimed it a lost cause, and grabbed the logs that they'd brought with them. And so it is that Percy finds himself outside, being led along by his mother's hand and listening to the conversation of the waves in the cold night air. He watches his mother stubbornly piling the logs together on the sand. After a few minutes of Sally hauling the kindling onto the pile, Percy begins 'helping' by placing one or two twigs into the disarray of wood. She can't help but smile as she ruffles his dark curls, stopping and stretching out her back with a satisfying click. Sally groans and drops her arms to her side. "I'm getting too old for this, "she says, although she doesn't believe it for a second. After the fire has had its fill with twigs and what little grass they could find, she feeds in a small plank of wood, watching mesmerized as the juvenile flames slowly devour it. As soon as it's burning steadily, no longer in danger of going out in the slightest breeze, Sally calls out to her son; sitting on a high rock that is his vantage-ground over the wind playing on the waves. "Percy, honey, do you wanna see something cool?" she says as she drops a piece of driftwood into the fire. She goes onto her haunches, he leans over to get a better look, and they both watch intently as the warm red of the flames become overlaid with greens and blues. She adds in another gnarled branch and the colour slowly transitions to purple. There they stay for a while, watching the array of colours. They roast marshmallows over the open fire, after a dinner of blue hotdogs (a homemade creation.) Seven year olds don't make very good conversation, but Sally would never dream of coming here with anyone else. And besides, it's good to have the company. The warmth from the fire melts into her bones; chasing away the chill of the salty night. There's the sound of the waves and the smell of ocean brine in the air- a smell that always reminds Sally of Him. It's only been a few hours since they got here, but she almost immediately feels the familiar tranquillity of Montauk wash over her. She takes an easy breath in and leans out on the palms of her hands, digging her fingers into the cool, loose earth. "Mom?" Percy pipes up. She looks over lazily. "Why do you love this beach so much?" Ah, there it is. She's actually surprised it took him so long. Montauk and the questions are a package deal, a married couple; inseparable. Sure, Percy had asked her plenty of times about his father, why she loved this beach, when she'd met Him. Of course he did- he was a kid and kids had questions. But they last two? They always made an appearance. As soon as she set foot on this beach, she prepared herself to answer them. Little did Percy know, these are both the same question. Or, at least, they have the same answer. Sally had worked plenty of jobs in her time. After her uncle had fallen sick, they were the only means she had to support the two of them. After his death, they were the only thing keeping her from living on the streets. She'd been up and down the scale of minimum wage jobs. She'd worked in retail, fast food, waitressing- all very different, all magnets attracting only the dregs of humanity. Her already aching cheeks forced strained smiles for the worst of the worst. She was constantly exhausted. She could almost physically feel it draining her. Sally, the woman who had always been known for her sweet nature, her optimism, her selflessness; she was now but a shadow of her former self. This period in her life could only be described as her darkest hours. She felt pulled tight, stretched with tension. As if she were the string and one snip from the Three Fates' scissors would be all it took for her to fade from existence. But, a blinding dawn was about follow. After all her struggles, her downfalls, her loss of hope, and her years of skimping and saving- it happened. Sally had stared at her bank balance in disbelief. She checked once, twice, again and again. It was all in order. The cabin in Montauk she'd had her eye on for ages, the hope that, at times, had been the only thing keeping her going. It was no longer just a hope, a dream. She could afford it. That was the thing that put the spring back in her step that day. It was what kept her going. And this time, her customer service smile was genuine. It was summer, so she was here; stretched out on the beach, soaking in the sunlight. She'd brought a book with her, but she found her focus began to drift, and before she knew it, she was people- watching. Montauk was a small beach, seldom visited, but summer brought tourists. So there were families laughing and splashing with dads carrying their little tykes on their backs. There were teenagers surfing. There were a few young couples scattered in between. And behind all of that, there was a man. He was definitely not bad to look at, so she found her gaze ever flitting back to him. He was off quite a distance away, but there was no mistaking his good looks; With skin as golden brown as the beach sand- it'd almost definitely spent just as long baking in the sun, too- piercing eyes she almost swore matched the exact shade of silvery grey as the waves, his curling dark hair that contrasted nicely with the light, mother-of-pearl teeth. He flashed them now, grinning seemingly at nothing. Sure, she tried to go back to her book. She really did. But he really was quite distracting. After the sixth time reading the same line, she was ready to give up. Sally Jackson, what has gotten into you? She looked up one last time, about to pack up her belongings and go... only to find that The Stranger had disappeared. She faltered. You're being silly, Sally thought to herself. But she can't help but look for him, despite herself. He's nowhere to be seen. She was beginning to feel oddly concerned, offering her worry all sorts of logical explanations. It didn't listen. She checked again, almost frantically now; searching the clear waves once again, just to be sure, turning to search the beach behind her. Nothing. She doesn't understand why she's so concerned. It was almost like the red string of fate was connecting the two, leading her to action. There, she spots it- a flash of the jet black hair that compliments his looks so nicely. (That is not what matters right now, she reminded herself.) He had climbed up onto a stacked tower of rocks. He wasn't... was he going to jump? He'd surely drown, regardless of how capable a swimmer he was.. This was all she needed to bound her into action. She waded into the water, dress, sunglasses, straw hat, and all. She zeroed in on a kid holding a body-board and all but yanked it out of his hands. "Hey, lady!" he protested. She threw an empty, for the most part, plastic bag at him, "There should be a couple dollars in there." Sally paddled furiously towards this stranger, determined not to let him go under. And she did not, for even a moment, break her stride. Her soaked dress was starting to weigh her down, so, still refusing to stop, she pulled it over her head and dumped it on the board. She'd lost her sunhat along the way but she didn't care. The stranger's head and shoulders were starting to submerge just as she crossed the impossible distance and tucked her arms under him, hauling him up and depositing him atop her dress on the board. He looked bewildered and a little overwhelmed, which she credited to shock. She made a mental note to buy him something sugary (A remedy of hers) as soon as she got him safely to shore. She swam so vehemently, one hand keeping a firm grip on the board, that she only realised they'd hit sand when she was dragging the body board across it. She lowered it immediately and took a step backwards to survey the damage. He looked okay for the most part, if a bit wet. Actually...On second glance, she registered that he was shaking- shoulders moving back and forth. She quickly wrapped a dry towel around his arms as a makeshift blanket. He shook harder. Gently, Sally placed a hand on his shoulder. He turned, finally looking at her. "Sir? Sir are you okay?" He didn't answer he just gazed up at her. (He had a kind face, she noticed) She carried on, "Sir, you almost drowned." He had dropped his head down for a second, but now he threw it back , shaking all the more. And she panicked because oh no, if this grown man started crying she swore she would too. No, wait a moment- he wasn't crying. He was laughing. Cut him some slack, Sally. He's in shock, she reminded herself. His eyes twinkled with mirth,"Now why on earth would you think that?" He's in shock, Sally. He's in shock. This became her mantra. This got her through the incessant flirting. This was the one thing that prevented her from just walking away, saying screw it, if he can flirt, and he can take care of himself. She zoned in just in time for him to slide in a," I would almost 'drown'," he emphasized this with finger quotes, "every day if it meant getting saved by someone as gorgeous as you." Nope. That was it. There was a limit to Sally's compassion for this man and he had crossed the line in the sand. It was done, finished, ended, over with, depleted. She started to walk away without waiting for one of his winks. Seriously, Sally had been with him for all of five minutes and he'd already dealt out six of them, all different people, regardless of gender. She was not going to stick around for a seventh. "Hey wait!" She spun around fiercely, "What, so can carry on with your unceasing 'charms'?" "Aww, babe come on." She raised her finger, not stopping for even a moment as she walked away from him back to her run-down cabin. *skip line, ugh sorry* The onslaught continued. He came to her spot every day. When she moved, he did too. She was becoming more and more irritable. Constantly following a woman and ignoring her very clear NO (Sally hadn't said it. She didn't need to. Her actions should have carried the message perfectly) were not sweet, they were not cute, and they were not romantic. They were warning signs that said love interests were going to end up with a restraining order followed by a prison sentence. They were warning signs that doe eyed Mary Sues in seemingly every romance novel ever ignored. The annoyance built up and up and up, until one day, she exploded, she yelled this at him. Let him know this wasn't endearing, it was creepy. That she wasn't going to stand for it. He went quiet. She didn't see him at the beach after that. Sally sat on