Alright, so for 13 years of my life I always thought I was a normal girl, small, athletic, smart and original. I was Arianna Morgan, completely human, but I was always looking for something extraordinary because otherwise everything was a little boring. My little town was full of either old people or troublesome teenagers in the middle of the a Welsh country side. It took a while to get to the big shops, so we had to settle for a little tesco and a small corner shop. There were three parks but they're very small and always full of smoking teenagers, so I tend to stay away. Wales can be a very rainy place, even in the summer. I lived a thousand lives in the books I've read, and in school I tend to be quiet and quick with my work, spending the rest of the lesson staring outside and daydreaming. In the summer holidays, I went on holidays to California for a couple of weeks with some friends and one of their families (they had a holiday house near a beach and the house was big enough for seven of us- they're rich). I'd been at the beach for the day and we planned to have a small bonfire and watch the stars for the night. After spending a few hours messing around, I sat down to watch the sun set. It was only me and a my 6 other friends on the beach. It had been like this for a while, almost as if everyone was avoiding us. I didn't notice at first when a boy stumbled on to the beach, his clothes ripped and frayed with grazes over his knees and arms. When I saw him in the corner of my eye, I turned to look closer at him. His face was coated in dirt and dust and a nasty pink bruise was clear around his left eye. I was quite surprised when he walked straight towards me, a wary but tired look in his eye. He sat (more like collapsed really) a few yards away from me, and hhe looked out towards the horizon, a far away look in his eye. My friends hadn't yet noticed him. I was unsure what to do, whether to introduce myself or get up an walk away, so I just offered him the bag of popcorn I'd been munching at. He looked up wearily at me, as if deciding whether I'd poisoned them or not. I could see the hungry look in his eyes, so after seemingly weighing the possibilities, I gestured for him to take the bag and he did so with a small, grateful smile. After only a few minutes he'd demolished the popcorn, not leaving a single crumb left as if he hadn't eaten for days, and with his red top hanging off of his lanky body, I wouldn't be surprised. After handing him an unopened bottle of water, I decided I'd better introduce myself. "Hey, I'm Ari by the way" "Aidan" he replied simply. I waited to see if he'd say anything else and after a few minutes of silence I decided to carry on. "So, uh, do you live around here?" I asked. "No" he replied. Great conversation. "How did you get the bruise?" I asked innocently. He looked at me with a sideways glance before replying; "I got in a few fights" he said. "You're really good at this conversation thing" I decided to point out sarcastically. A smile pulled at his lips and he chuckled quietly. "Sorry, I'm just a bit distracted and tired. I also haven't spoke with another person for two weeks" "Huh, how come?". Aidan's smile slowly left and his stance became a little guarded, his back tensing up and his head lifting slightly. I decided not to press on after a minute of silence, instead grabbing two apples out of my bag and passing one to him. A smile appeared on his lips again and I looked closer at his face. He was tanned with sandy untamed hair, as if he just got out of bed, but he still managed to look good. With the dirt around his face, his electric blue eyes became extremely startling, twinkling in the setting sunlight. After sitting in a comfortable silence while we ate our apples,we threw the cores in the bushes behind us. I decided to ask the questions that had been tugging at my mind for ten minutes. "Why haven't you talked to anyone for a while? Where's your family?" I asked. Again his body became tense and guarded and he looked at me - I had my legs crossed and I was sitting in a baggy light top and shorts, my bikini strap showing where my sleeve rested on my upper arm. I looked at him expectantly for what felt like forever when he turned back to the horizon with a sigh. "I live with my mum, my dad left just before I was born. Never heard from him since, I don't even know his name. I'm not sure if I even want to know him. My mother never really dated so I don't have siblings but we look after my little cousin often and I look after her as if she's my sister. My mum became more distant from me as I got older, muttering every now and then that I look like my dad. I think the memory became too painful for her. Her painting became really dark, she normally makes bright pictures of the landscape or whatever. So after my thirteenth birthday a few months ago I felt like I needed to get away. I've been on the road for about two months, living in the forest an alleyways not to draw attention. I just felt like I needed to get away from anything. You probably think I'm completely stupid for it-" "No, you have your reasons" I cut across him "I don't know you well enough to judge". He looked at me again, his smile still lighting up his Tenerife sea eyes. Suddenly, he whipped his head around towards the cluster if trees bordering the beach 200 yards away from where we were sitting. His smile completely left his face and the weary and tired look was evident in his eyes. He jumped up pulling a menacing looking pencil out from behind him. He was clearly troubled by a rustling sound coming for the shadows of the trees. Unaware of the danger we were in, I asked "why do you have a pencil?". He looked at me silly saying "it's not a pencil". Now I looked at him silly. I looked again at the pencil, wondering why he would say that. Then the air around it shimmered lightly, and I saw it was actually a bronze dagger. My eyes widened as a hundred questions entered my head, but before I could ask any of them a creature came out of the woods. Aidan gripped the dagger, planting his feet in the ground ready to attack. The creature coming out of the shadows was easily seven feet tall, with bulging muscles and a loin cloth down to his knees around his waist. I tried to look at his face, but it was all fuzzy. I blinked a few times trying to clear my vision, and only when Aidan muttered something like "Minotaur" did his face become clear. A couple hundred yards away, a big, bad, bull headed humanoid stood in front of us, it's beady eyes staring murder at Aidan. I looked around at my friends, they only now seemed to notice the stranger next to me and I could see the confusion on they're eyes as they tried to focus on the monster behind me, but they're eyes kept glazing over and they kept shaking they're head as if whatever they were seeing wasn't possible. They called me, gesturing they were going back and I waved my hand to say 'go on ahead'. "You should go with them, it isn't safe" Aidan cut accords my thoughts. "And leave you fight a Minotaur? I don't know if things are different in America, but where I come from, we tend to stick together" not that anything like this happens I said in my head. "You can see it too? I thought I was crazy! Whenever a monster chased me, no one looked twice at me or the beast behind. They just carried on with they're lives..." Aidan trails off as if in deep thought. Then he came back to the present as the Minotaur stepped towards us. I scrunched my nose - I could smell his rancid, rotten smell from here. Then Bull-face charged. Aidan pushed me towards the sea, running the other way. The Minotaur didn't even glance at me as he headed straight for Aidan. I'll be honest, I was scared for his life, the stranger I only met less than an hour ago. He quickly side stepped as Bull-face charged, rolling to the side and jumping back up on his feet as if he'd done it a hundred times. The next time the monster charged, he anticipated the move and so he reached out to grab Aidan last minute and flung him across the beach. He landed close to the surf and he didn't move. Without thinking I ran swiftly towards the back of the beast as he started lumbering towards the unconscious body. Again, it didn't even glance at me so I leaped as far I could up his back (which is hard normally, without a figure that turns blurry every now-and-then) and I grabbed on to his thick fur. Holding my breath from his smell, I started to climb up using its matted hair to hold on to. I was near his neck when he seemed to realize I was on his back, so he began to twitch and shake, trying to knock me off. Luckily, I'm used to bucking horses from when I ride so I kept my balance and slowly began climbing again. The higher I got the worse it shook but I managed to reach the top of his head and grabbed on to his horn. I looked down towards Aidan and he'd started to groan and move a little. The Minotaur's attention turned back towards him and in a panic, I pulled with all my might on his horn. I'll be honest, I wasn't heroic and pulled it off first time, but I tried again with whatever strength I had left and it finally snapped in a jagged line. The Minotaur roared in pain and I slipped half way down his back, clutching the horn to my chest. The Minotaur turned its full attention to me, twisting its body so I flung off, landing hard on my shoulder. I groaned in pain but I had other things to think about, so I pushed it out of my mind. I stood up shakily as the Minotaur began to walk towards me. It began to charge and I closed my eyes as it rose above to crush me, and last minute I thrust the horn upwards, feeling it sink into the monsters skin. With my eyes closed, I didn't see where it went, but I had a pretty good idea. Slowly I opened my eyes, but no body lay in front of me, just a layer of gold dust falling on my shoulders before mixing with the white sand. Unsure of what happened to the body, I quickly stumbled towards Aidan who was beginning to stand up. As his eyes focused on me we asked "Are you ok?" at the same time. "What happened to it?" Asked Aidan, blinking his eyes trying to stay in focus. "Um, pretty sure I stabbed it and it disappeared somehow after. You got knocked unconscious as you can probably tell, you ok?" I stammered. "I'm fine, probably got concussion though. I can't believe you just