Author's Note: I'm embarking on a new journey through fanfiction with this piece here. I don't exactly know where I want to take it, but I like what it looks like so far. I have some ideas, and I really want to be able to explore them as we wait for the end of our favorite series. I don't really know how this came up or what I'm trying to achieve, but I like where it is for now. Let me know what you guys think! Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and the Olympians and The Heroes of Olympians and all things related are property of Rick Riordan and Disney Hyperion. I am not making any profit off of this work in any way, shape, or form. Fort Olympus Chapter 1: Gifts "It is finished," announced Zeus to the assembled army sadly as Porphyrion collapsed into the Earth and Hypnos finished his enchantment to return Gaea to her eternal slumber. They had suffered many casualties in the war and had sustained many losses. The ancient battlefield of Marathon flowed with blood, both mortal red and immortal golden. After nearly twenty-four hours of nonstop fighting, the armies of Olympus had defeated their enemies for another eon, and the Fifth Age, the Rule of Zeus, was preserved once again. The cycle had finished, and the circle had come around once again. The armies of Camp Half-Blood, Camp Jupiter, and Olympus itself had finished the job set against them. "Lord Zeus," Queen Hera addressed her husband, "shall we return?" "Indeed, Queen Hera." Hera waved her hand, and all but ten of the assembled demigods vanished. The Olympian Council, Hades, and Hestia arranged themselves in a circle with the Seven of the Prophecy and Reyna, Thalia, and Nico in the middle. In a burst of light, the twenty-four figures vanished from Marathon and reappeared in the same configuration on Mount Olympus, above the Empire State Building. The throne room was different from normal. Two additional thrones had been prepared for Hestia and Hades, and the wall behind Zeus' and Hera's thrones had been turned into a giant LED television screen projecting the Council and the demigods in front of it. The doors to the throne room were open, and beyond them, the armies of Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter stood in respect as the gods took their thrones. With a wave of Zeus' hand, ten golden chairs appeared in front of the council, and the remaining demigods took their assigned places. "Grandmother Gaea," Zeus announced, "has been put to rest." Olympus rang with the cheers of thousands of demigods and godlings as the gods took their thrones. "All demigods who have assisted in this war will go into the history books as the greatest heroes ever assembled. To their leaders, the ones who helped the gods reconcile themselves and defeat their enemies for another eon, we offer them gifts." Zeus' voice was uncharacteristically weary as he finished. The screen focused in on the ten demigods chosen: Jason Grace, Son of Jupiter; Thalia Grace, Daughter of Zeus; Nico di Angelo, Son of Hades; Reyna Ramirez-Arellano, Daughter of Bellona; Piper McLean, Daughter of Aphrodite; Hazel Levesque, Daughter of Pluto; Frank Zhang, Son of Mars; Leo Valdez, Son of Hephaestus; Annabeth Chase, Daughter of Athena; and Perseus Jackson, Son of Poseidon. "Together, you ten will be considered the greatest heroes of all time. All of you have fought in the Second Titanomachy and the Second Giantomachy. You have defeated countless monsters, Titans, Giants, the Earth Mother herself, and even some gods." There were some scowls around the Council at this, but no one dared interrupt Zeus' speech. "The Council agrees that you will all be gifted both individually and collectively." "Jason Grace, Son of King Jupiter, Champion of Queen Hera," Dionysus called. Jason stood, bowed to Zeus, and kneeled before Dionysus' throne. "For your defeat of the Titan Krios and your phenomenal battle skills and leadership, the Council offers you the gift of immortality. You will become protector of demigods, and you will lead the armies of Olympus for all time. You are free to refuse and ask for your own gift." For once, even Dionysus did not sound bored with his role on the Council. The television screen showed Jason's shock at Dionysus' words. But with one look backwards, towards Piper, and Jason knew he couldn't accept. "Thank you," he said, "for your offer, Olympians. But I don't want it. There are many who are far more deserving than myself." Zeus look sadly at his son but didn't respond. "What, then, demigod, do you ask for?" Dionysus continued. Jason turned back to look at the assembled demigods; some in purple and some in orange; some trained to fight in phalanx formation and some in legion; some wielding spears and some gladius; and he knew his request. "Honorable Council of Olympus," he intoned, "I request that both Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter be dissolved. I ask the blessing of all of the gods present to build a new home for all half-bloods, Greek and Roman, a place where they can train in both Greek and Roman tactics, a place where they will learn to be brothers and sisters. The great feud has been resolved. This is my wish." The Council clearly looked uncomfortable, as many of them had worried looks on their faces. Athena and Poseidon looked towards each other, and understand passing between the two rivals. "I move we accept his plan," both said. "The rift has been healed. With the return of the Athena Parthenos, our Greek and Roman selves have come to peace," Athena continued, "and the two sets of demigods have welcomed each other. And besides, Chiron's training methods combined with Lupa's sense of discipline will create a deadly enemy for those who wish to bother Olympus." "All those in favor?" Zeus asked. All of the gods except for Hestia and Hades (who couldn't vote) and Dionysus raised their hands. "This motion passes," Zeus announced, "11-1-0." Jason bowed one last time to the gods and returned to his seat. "Piper McLean, Daughter of Aphrodite," Hephaestus called. "For your bravery, courage, leadership, and insistence in the Second Giantomachy, the Council offers you the gift of immortality," Hephaestus continued. "Should you choose to accept, you will become the eternal protector of demigods and serve as your mother's lieutenant. You are free to refuse and ask for something else." Piper chose her words carefully and worked to make sure that no charmspeak seeped into her speech. For some odd reason, she didn't think the gods would be happy being spoken to as if their minds could be controlled. "Thank you, Stepfather. Thank you, Olympians. But I do not want immortality. My friends here have shown me that life is worth living. The most important thing that I have learned through my adventures this past year is that no matter what, there is a light at the end of the tunnel; it is just a matter of finding it." The gods looked at her impassively, perhaps they had gotten used to demigods turning down immortality by this point. "Instead, my Lords and Ladies, I ask for the following. I ask that a Council of Demigods be created to run the new camp that Jason had proposed. I ask that this Council be put in charge of running Fort Olympus, what I hope will be new name." "All in favor?" Zeus called. "The motion passes 12-0-0." "Thank you, Gods of Olympus," Piper whispered and returned to her seat. "Thalia Grace, Daughter of Zeus, Lieutenant of Artemis," Demeter called. Thalia kneeled before her aunt's throne after bowing to her father. "For your leadership and service to Olympus these past ten years, the Council sees fit to offer you the gift of immortality. Do you accept?" Thalia looked towards her patron. "Thank you, Honorable gods and goddesses, but I must deny your offer. I only accepted Lady Artemis' offer three years ago so that I would not be the child of the First Great Prophecy. I did not trust myself; I knew that my cousin would make a much more honorable decision than I would. I was a coward and gave it up, but now, I wish to return to the world of mortals. My request is for Lady Artemis to relieve me of my duty so that I may peacefully rejoin the mortal world." Artemis smiled sadly at her second-in-command. "I knew, sister, that your day to leave the Hunt was coming. I thank you of your service, but before you leave, I want to warn you that the one you love might end up breaking your heart. Are you okay with this?" Murmurs broke out through the gardens of Olympus as people reacted with shock at the news. Thalia Grace, Daughter of Zeus, the most stoic person the world had ever known, had fallen in love? What?! The girl in question merely steeled her gaze and nodded towards her patron. "I am ready for what consequence may come, My Lady," Thalia said softly. Artemis nodded and waved her hand. The tiara vanished from Thalia's brow, and she stopped glowing silver. The daughter of Zeus returned to her seat after bowing to the Council once again. "Leo Valdez, Son of Hephaestus," Poseidon called wearily. Leo bowed to King Zeus and knelt before Poseidon's throne. "For your ingenuity and inexplicable courage, the Council of Olympus offers you one gift, the same as has been offered before to your brethren. You are free to refuse and name your own." Leo smiled cautiously up at Lord Poseidon, and out of the corner of his eye, he could see it reflected the screen behind the gods. "Thank you, gods and goddesses. But that is not what I want. I want to be given permission to return to Ogygia and free Calypso. A year ago, you all promised to liberate her, and I want permission to follow up on that promise." Poseidon nodded. "You shall have it. In two days' time, set sail from Camp Half-Blood on the Argo II with Odysseus' astrolabe. It will lead you to your destination and back. Go with the blessing of the sea and the consent of the Council. However, Leo Valdez, remember that Calypso is immortal while you are not." "I know, My Lord, but I have a promise to keep," Leo said before bowing and returning to his seat. "Reyna Ramirez-Arellano," Aphrodite's voice ringed through the throne room. With a perfect poker face, Reyna bowed to Zeus and then knelt before Aphrodite's throne. "For your bravery and leadership in the last two wars as well as your unwavering loyalty to Mount Olympus and your people, the Council of Olympus offers you one gift, praetor, the same as has been offered before to your brethren. You are free to refuse and name your own." Reyna was as unreadable as always. "Lady Aphrodite," Reyna said, "I thank the Council for their generous offer, but I must refuse. My first loyalty is to my fellow demigods. When I became praetor of New Rome, I swore that I would protect them with my life, and I will continue to do so. My wish, though, is that I am left alone from now on from your realm, My Lady. You have caused me enough grief in the past. From now on, I want to be on my own and solely devote the rest of my life and attention to the men and women under my command, without any distractions." Jason flinched at these words and even Piper looked saddened. No one should have to live without love just because they had a rough past with it. Aphrodite smiled at the Roman praetor with sadness lacing her eyes. "My son and I have caused you much grief, Reyna," she said softly, "But yes. We will leave you alone. As a condolence for your past pain, know that your fate is not as hopeless as