The Real Twilight Michael/Rosalie. Edward/Emma. Jasper/Alice. Gender swap, of course. If it helps, the only details changed is obviously, Bella's character is now a guy named Michael. For story purposes, Jacob and Emmett's characters have been changed as well to make my story more enjoyable. You'll see what I mean and also, Rosalie has Edward's mind reading ability, not him. He gets nothing. This is always how I saw Twilight being and should have been. I have great storylines and plot twists so give it time to develop and I hope you enjoy the new version of Twilight. Reviews help me speed up updates, only if you like it. No pressure. Prologue A little into the future... Pain. Too much pain. The pain was everywhere on my body. I struggled to get up before coughing up more blood out of my mouth. I grunted in pain and gripped my wounded leg that kept bleeding profusely. My watery, brown eyes slowly looked up and were met with red irises full of evil. I was panting heavily as the vampire known as James laughed at my bloody mess. "I still can't figure out why you keep fighting me. Like I said, you're just bait for my real prey. I mean, her reaction at that field was priceless! She truly wanted to protect you, a human! You must be one hell of a pet, cattle ." James mocked before turning the camera back on me. "Now, beg for her to come rescue you. Tell her to come after me and avenge you!" he cackled, zooming in on my bloody face. "No...fuck you. Don't listen to him, Rosalie! He's just a douche who can't get it up for his redheaded bitch, so he has to get off by beating up nerds like me." I grinned at the angry look on James' face before he growled and grabbed my throat. He lifted me up high above his head and hissed at me angrily. "You little piece of shit! I'm going to enjoy ripping you apart, limb by limb and then you know what? When your bitch comes to get revenge, I'm going to rip her into pieces too. But not before I get some... fun in with her tight body." James threatened as a sickly smirk stretched across his face. He turned around quickly and tossed me across the floor of the ballet studio. I cried out in pain once again, rolling on the wooden floor like a rag doll. My body twisted around as I slid into a stop with my blood leaving long streaks across the wood panels. I groaned before lifting my head off the floor and tried to see through my blurry vision. I never knew being a man could hurt so much. I sighed out a long, painful breath before rolling onto my back. The room was spinning as the blood loss and pain caught up to me. I tried. I really tried. I tried to prove to Rosalie that I could be a real man, even though she reassured me that I was. How could I be a real man if she was the one always protecting me? Then this douchebag comes around and makes me look even more weak in the eyes of Rosalie and the rest of the Cullens. So weak that they rushed to protect me from the tracker's sinister hunt for me. Only, his real target was Rosalie herself, not me. He wanted to play this game and hunt her instead. I'm not even worth killing, just good for bait. I wasn't a man tonight. I couldn't even protect the girl I loved. Yeah, I know she's a vampire and super strong. She could protect herself, but that wasn't the point. I came here tonight to save my mom and ended up with trying to protect Rosalie by not having her seek revenge for my soon to be death. Not that she would anyways. Who was I to her? I wasn't worthy of such a beautiful goddess whose hair shined like gold in the sun, along with her glittering, diamond-like skin. I'll just be an afterthought in the back of her mind. I wasn't worth it. James smiled darkly as he hovered over me with the camcorder in hand. "So, ready to beg? Plead for your life? Should I take an arm or a leg? Come on, cattle . I'll tell you what, I'll let you have a last word. Go ahead and say it to the camera and I promise to show it to your little girlfriend before I set her on fire." I could only stare up at his cruel, evil face and grimace in frustration. What more could I do? I wasn't going to beg or plead for my life and I definitely wasn't going to let this bastard trick me into getting Rosalie to go after him. He wanted me to tell her that I love her, that I'm okay so that it will make her angry and want revenge for my death. Well, I wasn't going to let this dick have any satisfaction in my execution. So I spit at his face the best I could. My spittle mixed with blood barely landed on his stolen jacket as his face contorted in anger again. I gave him a shit eating grin and flipped him the bird. "Go fuck yourself, Assbutt. I'm not worth shit and she's not coming after you. So you might as well just kill me now and get it over with it. I'm tired at looking at your ugly face and your perverted camera fetish." I laughed mockingly at him as I watched him tossed the camcorder aside before raising his hand over his head. Here it comes. He was ready to finish me off and end my pathetic, useless life. Finally. Relief. I turned my face away from the oncoming hand that was ready to rip my head off my shoulders and glanced over to the video camera. I gave the recording device a small smile and winked. If Rosalie saw this video, she would know what that would mean and know that despite my insecurties, I tried my best to be the man that could protect his girl. I tried so hard to be a man my parents would be proud of and Rosalie could love, instead of what I was now. I just closed my eyes and let out a sigh as I waited for the finishing blow. Suddenly, a dumb question entered my head as it made me laugh softly. How the hell did I end up here? Chapter 1. Michael Awk...ward. That's all I could think of when Charlie came to picked me up at the tiny excuse of an airport and gave me a weak attempt at a hug. A couple of exchanges of pleasantries were made before we started to walk over to his car and I stopped short. I just sighed at the sight of the transportation he brought and hung my head low. Charlie brought his police car, of all things to take me to my new home. Well, my old home if I was being honest. My first home before my parents split up. I looked over to my dad as he shrugged sheepishly. Right, he had to use the car to get around since he was the sheriff of a small town. There was no point driving another car when he was pretty much always on duty and can be called in at any time. The next couple of hours went by after leaving the airport, driving back to Forks in relative silence. We didn't have much to say, being almost similar in that aspect since we weren't exactly small talkers. So yeah. Awkward. Pretty quickly after landing in Washington, I could feel how cold it was and was thankful for the fact I chose to wear the black hoodie my mom got me underneath my brown jacket. She was pretty upset when I chose to live with Charlie, giving her and Phil time to themselves since they were recently married. He was also a baseball player in the Minor League and was going to be traveling a lot, so I wanted for her to be with him instead of staying home with me. That's me. Mr. Nice Guy. "Hey, guess what? I got you a truck to drive around, Michael. I bought for you so don't worry about touching your college money or saving up for one." Charlie spoke up and broke the silence that I was enjoying. Oh, I forgot to mention that little fact in my inner monologue. My name is Michael. Michael Swan. The only child of Charlie and Renee Swan and social pariah of Phoenix, Arizona. Soon to be Forks, Washington. "Really? Wow, thanks. I...really appreciate that, Charlie." I was being honest. I thought I would have to save up for months after getting some lame job to get a car of my own. God knows that I was dreading being driven around in Charlie's cop car. That feeling of dread was replace with a little happiness at my situation as I smiled slightly. "No problem, Mikey." My smile disappeared. And there it goes. Soon, we arrived at the house where I spent the first few years of my life and sighed at the sight of the old home. Welcome home, Michael and welcome to your new, boring life here in Forks. Nothing exciting ever happened here. In hindsight, I wished I could go back and slap myself for ever thinking that stupid thought. Minutes after we parked and got my bags out of the car, a pair of trucks drove up the single street leading to house and parked along side. One was a new model truck and the other...was a very old, orange truck that had seen better days about fifty years ago. It was beautiful. "Hey, Charlie! Wow, is that you Michael? You got big there. Look at you, little Mikey all grown up." A man with the cowboy hat spoke to me from the open window of his new truck. I quickly recognized him as Billy Black, my dad's best friend. Charlie laughed before pulling out a wheelchair out from the cab and helped Billy into the device. "Yeah, he's grown up for sure." Charlie agreed. Billy nodded as he smiled up at me before looking at his best friend. "Did you tell him?" Charlie nodded. I looked at the pair in confusion before a hopeful thought popped into my head and looked over to the old truck. "Yep. Michael, that's your truck right there. Billy here got a brand new one to help his crippled butt around and need some cash to help buy it. So I bought his old one and now it's yours. Fully repaired and maintained, I hope?" Charlie asked as Billy laughed. "Of course. I got my best mechanic on it. Jack, are you coming out or what?" he called out to the other driver who was in my new, old truck. The door opened with a creak and revealed someone that I didn't expect to be 'Jack'. A shy looking, tanned girl with an oversized, brown leather jacket on with an open flannel shirt underneath and a white shirt. A black beanie covered her head with her long, shiny black hair hung down past her shoulders. Blue jeans and a pair of old, brown boots finished the outfit. She also had the biggest rack I ever... "Dad! Please don't call me that!" she scolded Billy before hopping out of the truck. She looked over at me and quickly lowered her head with a small blush on her cheeks. "He's always doing that. Hi, Michael. Do you remember me?" For the life of me, I tried. I really didn't want to upset the shy girl anymore than her dad caused already. "Sure...Jack...ie. From when we were kids, right?" I took a shot