A/N: This is a Jasper/OC pairing fic. I wanted to explore an alternative romance than ran parallel to the series. It will follow the series parallel to Bella/Edward's romance but they are not the main pairing. Also please keep in mind that while I will try to keep it as canon as possible, there are some things I will alter to be less problematic. Disclaimer: If you recognize it, it's not mine. I am in no way, shape or form affiliated with SMeyer or her intellectual property. I'm diving in the sparkly sandbox again and shaking things up. Tyger Tyger burning bright, In the forests of the night: What immortal hand or eye, Dare frame thy fearful symmetry? In a lot of ways being a Navy brat sucked. I didn't have a lot of friends because I moved around a lot, didn't see my parents much because dad's very busy man and mom's a lawyer. I struggled in school because I just wasn't around long enough for it to stick. I didn't have many living relatives either. Both of my grandparents on both sides were dead, my dad was an only child, and my mother has one sister who lives in Washington state. You can probably understand why my self-confidence was in the proverbial toilet. We'd spent the last five years in New York City, my dad commuting to the base in Pennsylvania. My parents were moving to the base in Tacoma- I say my parents because I was going to be living with my aunt and uncle in Forks, a tiny town in the Olympic Peninsula three hours away. I was embarrassed to admit the fact I'd had a complete meltdown New York City when I was told we were moving again, having said things I now regretted. My parents are sort of strangers, but they are good people and want what's best for me. Unfortunately, their ideas of what's best for me don't match mine (which makes sense I suppose seeing as how I'm seventeen and they're my parents). They do love me and I love them dearly, but we aren't what I'd call close. Both are strict and have high standards, always pushing themselves -and by extension me- to succeed. Sandra, my mom, had my life plotted out from my birth onward to my college graduation- I'd been put through the particular hell known as charm school when we lived in Georgia at her insistence and had been groomed to pursue a respectable career such as a lawyer, doctor or politician. My grades were average, mostly B's but were a source of vexation for my perfection obsessed mother. My father William was the strong, silent type- a preacher's son from Tulsa, Oklahoma. He'd enlisted at eighteen and had climbed the ranks quickly to become a respected and decorated leader. He had high hopes for me but his number one expectation was that I would continue the family military tradition, even if I wanted to go after college. While my mother was focused on turning me into an independent woman, he made sure I knew self-defense, how to use a gun, basic survival skills, ect. I was more prepared than your most experienced boy scout. When I was younger we spent a lot of time outdoors, which was fine since I'd enjoyed being outside. Our plane landed at Sea-Tac on a foggy morning in November. I would be going on to Port Angeles in about an hour in another small plane where I'd be met by my aunt and uncle to pick me up for the hour long drive back to Forks. My earbuds which had been firmly shoved in my ears throughout the flight were yanked out by my mother once we reached baggage claim to wait. "Sloane, you know I hate it when you do that in public," Sandra complained, stepping behind me to pull my red hair out of its sloppy ponytail and into a much neater bun. We weren't sure where the red had come from, my dad having black hair and my mom a natural blonde, but in a way, it made me happy. It was a trait that was all mine. Even if it was a hassle to maintain. "Mom, stop- ow!" My eyes watered when she pulled too hard. My hair was a riot of curls, a dark copper mane that tumbled past my waist. It had a mind of its own and didn't take kindly to being secured in any way shape or form. As you can imagine it infuriated Sandra. "If you would just straighten it regularly you wouldn't have this problem." I shut my mouth to stop myself from arguing about how it would take me literal hours to straighten my hair. It wouldn't do any good since she'd continue to fix it her way anyway. Sandra finally stepped back to look at her handiwork. My head hurt from how tightly it was secured and I went to adjust it when all three hair ties snapped, my curls exploding free and back into their usual waterfall. "It's not my fault," I insisted when she threw up her hands, exasperated. I rolled my neck, wincing at the kink on the right side. I really needed to stop falling asleep sitting up in bed, otherwise, I wouldn't be able to turn my head. Sandra ran a critical eye over me sighing, "Stop slouching. It's unbecoming." Her phone rang and she stepped away to answer it, her tall and stylish heels clacking against the tile as she walked. They were very pretty shoes, the type professional women like my mother wore- the kind she wanted me to wear. I glanced down at my black steel toed boots I'd fondly dubbed my "bitch kickers." My dad dropped a hand on my shoulder to get my attention and I craned my neck to look up at him. I wasn't exactly short standing at a very average five foot six, but he was tall, a hair over six foot. He was a severe looking man with his hair cut high and tight and his clothes always perfectly pressed. We looked similar, both of us having precisely the same strange mint green eyes, high cheekbones, and strong jawline. I didn't look anything like Sandra. "Hm?" "How are you feeling, spitfire?" he asked kindly, brushing a curl from my face. My heart clenched at the endearment. My parents, for all that we spent little time together, loved me and I would miss them. I told him so. "You can still come with us. It's not too late to change your mind." For a brief moment I wanted too, but I steeled myself. "No," I said after taking a deep breath. "I think this is something I need to do." Guilt burned in my gut. "I'm sorry for what I said back in New York, I acted like a-" He cut me off. "Like a kid who wants some normalcy in her life. I know moving around all the time has been hard for you and your mom. You're normally such a mild mannered girl so it was a bit of a shock when you exploded, but it was understandable." He pulled me into a tight hug and I buried my face in his shoulder. "I love you, spitfire. I have ever since your mom told me you were on the way. If this is something you feel you need to do, then I'll support you all the way." He pulled back from me to look me in the eye. "But if you ever use language like that in front of me or your mother again we are going to have a conversation I promise you won't like," He said seriously. I nodded quickly and he pulled me close again. I hugged him as close as I could before we let go. I heard Sandra come stand beside us having finished her phone call. She held out her hand and pulled me into a hug that smelled like Burberry perfume and was as familiar as my own reflection. She held me tightly, just as I held her. "Darling girl, you've grown up so fast," She said pulling away to look me in the face. Her smile was watery as she continued. "Goodness gracious, it's like you were two years old with skinned knees and grass stained overalls just yesterday." She brushed her fingers under her eyes. My mother was beautiful with her cornsilk hair, gray eyes and doll like features. She stood eye to eye with my father in her shoes, dressed to impress as she usually was. We had little in common and she was a harsh taskmistress but I truly appreciated everything she had tried to instill in me. Even if I had hated every second of charm school. "Now Sloane, I want you to remember to keep in touch. We're only three hours away should anything happen and I want you to know that if you need to come home you can." She brushed imaginary lint off the shoulders of my navy blue coat. "I promise," I said with a watery smile. This was a good thing, but I didn't understand why it was so hard. Sandra must have seen something on my face because she continued. "My sister is a good woman and she married an equally good man. Archie is a Lutheran pastor and your cousin Angela is a lovely girl. You haven't met your younger cousins but I'm sure you'll love them all the same." I remembered Angela. We'd played together as children, although we mostly ended up sitting back to back somewhere to read books. She was very kind then and I hoped she hadn't changed. With final hugs and tearful goodbyes, I boarded my flight as my parents left for their rental car. The flight was short but alarmingly bumpy in some places. I enjoyed flying, but I'd never been so thankful to get out of a plane once we landed. I spotted my aunt immediately. Seeing her was a bit of a shock. She and Sandra were identical twins, but the looks department was apparently all they had in common. My mother was a power dresser, looking like she stepped off a page in Vogue both in and out of a courtroom with perfectly styled hair cropped into a bob. Stacy, on the other hand, was dressed modestly and comfortably in a cable knit sweater, jeans and comfortable looking shoes, with hair just past her shoulders. I could see a scrunchie on her wrist. Next to her stood a tall kind looking man with a receding hairline and a neat gray beard similarly dressed but in a more subdued color palette. As soon as I was in reach Stacy pulled me into a warm hug and I felt much better. She smelled like cookies and fresh rain. Archie hugged me as well. "Look at you, honey! You look just like your daddy now," Stacy said with a big smile. "Let's go get your bags and get the heck out of dodge." We did just that, piling my three bags into the back of their van. Archie had looking questioningly at them but didn't comment. Stacy didn't seem to have the same compunction. "This it, honey?" She looked at me disbelieving. "Navy brat," I replied, mostly joking We moved so much that I didn't collect much. I had a few books and some clothes having learned to live and pack lightly. "Mom has seven bags twice the size of mine." She laughed and it was a lovely sound. "I believe it. Sandra always was a bit of a clothes horse, even when we were kids." The drive to Forks was pleasant and I found myself relaxing into their company. Archie was a quiet man, but he had a very kind demeanor. Stacy, in contrast, was as warm as a batch of cookies and just as sweet. She happily chattered