Disclaimer: I don't own these characters, Stephanie Meyers does. However, I do own this plot and storyline. I also own my own original characters. All publicly recognizable characters, settings, products, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Learning to Love Again - Prologue & Chapter 1: Settlin' Prologue BPOV As soon as Jake and the Cullens pull out of the drive, I already miss them. It's more like I feel that something is missing. It was so nice to have a full house, and they're all such sweet and caring people. Carlisle reminds me of my own father. So much alike, those two were. No wonder they were best friends. My mind is consumed with thoughts of Edward, and I catch myself daydreaming about him often. He is so handsome, caring, and damn, the man can cook, too. And then the guilt sets in. I know Mike has been gone a long time and would want me to move on-to be happy. I just have to find a way to say goodbye to him. The days leading up to when they will be returning are busy, really busy. We have 18 mares that we're breeding. One of the stallions came down with an infection and we had to quarantine him. It doesn't seem like he's gonna get any better. Looks like I need to start lookin' for new stock. Emmett calls me most days, keepin' me informed of what's goin' on in Seattle. Between him and Jessica checking the Washington news sites on a regular basis, I'm 'bout ready to fly up there and take care of that bitch myself. I'm sittin' on the floor of the tack room with an inventory sheet, while Billy counts what we actually have on-hand for the ranch's tax records. Jessica comes flying into the barn yelling for us. "What has your ass on fire?" Billy asks in annoyance. "Stallion," is all she gets out because she is breathing so hard from running, I assume. "And," I drawl out. "We have a few of those." "No, the stallion," she replies, looking at Billy with wide eyes. "He went down, and Jake needs you now." We are both up and running for the rescue barn. By the time we make it to the stallion's stall, Jake is already covering him. I have lost animals in the past, but this is the last stallion my father had purchased before his death. I just drop to my knees and cry. Billy calls for the vet to come out and mark his papers with the death. We can't bury him because he died from an infection, so we have to have him cremated. A few days later, I'm in the office gettin' the rest of the paperwork together for my accountant, when Billy walks in with Jessica following close behind. Both of them are lookin' nervous. "What's up?" I ask, not really in the best of moods. With all the shit the Cullens are going through, along with losing the stallion, it's takin' a toll on my attitude. "Jessica found a stallion I think you might be interested in," Billy remarks. "He's a six-time champion." "Who?" I inquire, my interest peaking a little. "Smoke N Black Hawk," Billy states, grinning at me. "NO SHIT?" I exclaim, jumping from the chair. Jessica visibly relaxes as she explains, "They just retired him. He's in Nevada right now." She walks over, handing me the paperwork she printed along with some pictures. "He's even a paint," I smile, looking at Billy. "If you want him, you better act fast," he warns. "He's not gonna last long." I sit down and call the ranch in Nevada, immediately purchasing him. Jessica wires the funds the same day. After calling around for a delivery service and not finding one available, I'm 'bout ready to drive to Nevada myself when Jessica decides to intervene. "Why don't you just have Alice pick him up on their way here," she states out of the blue. "It'd be cheaper to buy a truck and trailer to haul him than paying someone you don't know." "That's why I love you. "I laugh at her pout. "Just kiddin', but that's a great idea." So, we get to work on finding a truck and trailer in Washington to purchase. The next day, as I'm gettin' all the information together to send to Carlisle, I receive a call from Edward. He explains what happened with Tanya and her father, making me wanna kill the bitch. My heart breaks for the Cheneys, and I can understand them wanting to get out of Seattle. Offering them both jobs and a roof over their heads is the least I can do for them. "Did you ask if any of them can haul a trailer?" Jessica inquires after I tell her 'bout the call I had with Edward and the Cheneys earlier. "Nope," I blurt out. "I was too caught up in wanting to destroy that vile family that killed their son." I pick up the phone to call Carlisle, but, for some reason, I call Edward instead. "Hello," he answers, sounding excited. "Hey, Edward. How ya doin'?" I ask. I'm surprised at how relieved I feel at the sound of his voice. I've been so concerned about them lately with everything that's going on in Seattle. "I'm good. I can't wait to get to Texas though," he replies honestly. "The reporters are still relentless here. So, what can I do for you?" "You have a favor to return," I answer, unable to hold my giggle back. "Ah, so what kind of favor is this? Are we keeping score, now?" he questions. Is he flirting with me? "A ranch favor actually," I respond with a giggle. "Do any of y'all know how to pull a trailer?" I ask, gettin' no response. "Edward? Are you there?" I call out for him. "Um, yeah, I'm here," he answers breathless. "I asked if any of you know how to pull a trailer?" I inquire again. "Jasper does. He even has a commercial driver's license. He had to have it in order to drive his company's trucks," he finally answers. "OK, good. Ask your dad to call me tomorrow after he gets my package, and can you make sure Jasper and Alice are there, too?" I request. "Yeah, we'll all be there," he tells me. "Thanks, Edward. I'll talk to y'all tomorrow," I state before hanging up. Jessica and I get everything together to overnight to Washington, when she hands me a credit card. I look down and notice it's an expense credit card for the ranch in Carlisle's name. "You amaze me," I tell her, laughing. "It's a good thing that I have you, otherwise I'd have just sent them a wad of cash. If I didn't, Rebecca would kill me for messin' up the accounting." "So that's why you love me," she snarks back, but then laughs. "One of the many reasons," I sass her, giggling at our banter. Once the package is sealed up, she takes it to town to ship and pick up Cassie from school. The next day, Carlisle calls. "Good afternoon, Carlisle," I chirp happily. "How are you, sweetheart? We received your package," he tells me. "It's a good day. I can't complain, Carlisle. Is everyone there?" I ask. "Yes, dear. We're all here and waiting for your instructions," he laughs out. "Very well. First order of business, congratulations, Rose," I greet. "Thanks, Bella! I'm so excited," Rose answers back and I can hear her smile through her voice. "Secondly, Jasper? Ya there?" I wonder. "Yes, ma'am. What can I do for you?" he implores, sounding happy. "None of that ma'am stuff," I laugh out. "OK, big, big favor. Edward said you're comfortable pullin' a trailer, correct?" I clarify. "Yeah, I have a commercial driver's license. I used to haul equipment to job sites," he explains. "That's great, 'cause I just bought a new truck from the Chevrolet dealership in Bellevue. That's not too far from you guys, right?" "No, it only twenty miles or so, tops." Jasper responds. "Good. I need ya to go pick it up this week, please. The paperwork is in the envelope I shipped," I tell him, as I hear papers rustling in the background. "Once y'all are ready to leave, I need you to drive to Woodland, Washington. I purchased a new horse trailer. The address and person ya need to contact is in the envelope, as well." "I can do that. It's on our way to Texas," he agrees. "Good, now this is goin' to be a little out of the way, but so very important. Alice, ya there?" I inquire. "I'm here, Bella," Alice answers. "I acquired a stallion named Smoke. He's in Fallon, Nevada. It's just east of Reno. He's a six-time World Champion that has been retired, and I want to add him to my breedin' program. Dr. Gerandy sent ya a travel emergency kit. I need ya to purchase all the equipment you'll need to transport him. Are you comfortable securing and traveling long distance with a horse?" I explain. "Um, yeah, I'm comfortable shipping a horse. Is the trailer air-conditioned?" she inquires. "Yeah, I figured it'd be easier. In the paperwork I sent Jasper is his information and where to pick 'em up. Just contact the ranch manager there. He has your name and is expectin' your call," I respond. "Also, there's a list of horse-friendly places to stay. I want y'all to enjoy the trip, too. So, I sent a suggested list. There's no rush to get here, so don't try driving all night. Once you get to Nevada, stay the night in Reno before pickin' him up. Then, you can use the list and build an itinerary around that," I suggest. "We'll take care of it, sweetheart," Carlisle remarks. "Now, what is in this last envelope, dear?" "Oh, that's your credit card. You'll use it for all the expenses you will have. Use it for everything from Alice purchasing what she needs to transport Smoke safely, to gas and food. Anything your family or the Cheneys may need. Please do not argue with me. This is a relocation for the ranch. I need all the expenses to be put on that card or my accountant will have a fit," I command. "Now, is everyone drivin' down? Alice, do ya need me to fly someone out to help with the transport?" "No, I think we'll be alright. I'll just prepare and purchase what is needed, and if we run into trouble, I'll let you know," she responds back confidently. "Just let me know and either Jake or I can fly out and meet up with you. Don't push it. Load him on the driver's side and Jasper shouldn't have any problems," I explain to Alice. "Got it. Thanks for trusting us to do this, now we don't have to stop at the Ranch Museum in Oregon," Alice laughs, and I can hear the others laughing in the background as well. "Well, I'll see y'all soon. Call me if you need anything," I tell them before disconnecting the call. A few days later, Esme emails me their itinerary for the trip. I ask Jessica to upgrade their stay in Vegas, wanting them to enjoy their time there. Everyone is at my house, having lunch on Sunday, when I receive a text from Carlisle letting me know they're leaving Seattle. "They're leaving Seattle now," I tell everyone. "Well, I pray that they have an uneventful trip," Billy replies, as we all nod in agreement. "We better get what rooms you want them to have ready," Sarah comments. "Are you still wanting to remodel the third floor?" "Yeah," I drawl out. "I