Albus Dumbledore groaned and peeled his face off the pages of the book he had fallen asleep against. He stretched his arms out, before rubbing the sleep out of his eyes and looking around his dormitory. Well- he should have been looking around his dormitory. He was starting to become suspicious about that. The fourth year dormitory did not have so many books, or bookcases, or a barred door, complete with magical and mechanical locks. Come to think of it, he was quite certain his dormitory had more beds, and usually there were other people in it. In fact, Albus Dumbledore was now almost entirely sure that he was not in his dormitory and was actually in the restricted section of the Library. Still trying to kick his brain into action, Albus looked around from his seat, taking in the stack of books in front of him - all on fairly unknown and slightly unsavoury potions- the scrolls of parchment and coagulated ink, and a stone-cold lantern. The next thing to be noticed was that there was daylight streaming in through the library windows. The room was bright, so it had to be quite late in the day. Especially given it was winter in Scotland. Altogether, this made Albus slightly nervous. It could not be the weekend yet. It had to be a Tuesday, no Wednesday! With a sinking feeling, Albus pulled out his pocket watch and flipped open the cover. 10.30. Not good. Wednesdays meant a double period of Potions with Professor Jigger. It was almost time for the second of those periods to begin. One was never late to Jigger's lessons, not if they wanted to have any free time. He was the head of Ravenclaw house and widely acknowledged as being the strictest teacher in the school. If Albus was lucky, he might get away with detentions and essays, if not... He looked at the pages in front of him. Of course his homework wasn't finished. He wasn't really sure what to do. Turning up to the lesson an hour late, in yesterday's clothes and without his assignment would get him in trouble faster than you could say 'kneazle'. He could stay here and complete the work- but then he would have to account for missing the whole class. No doubt his dorm mates would have informed his head of house of his absence by now too. He could go to the hospital wing, although Albus was sure the new Matron would not believe he was unwell. She took no nonsense from anybody and it was widely said that she could sniff out a skiving student at 50 paces. And Albus had always been a lamentably poor actor. There was a clank of chains and Albus jumped up out of his seat, suddenly alert. He span around the edge of a bookcase just as the door opened and Madame Dupont entered the restricted section. Trying to keep his breathing quiet, he cast a silent disillusionment charm over himself. There was a few footsteps, then silence. "Dumbledore, come here." Albus slapped his hand to his forehead, he was officially an idiot. He had left his homework on the desk, complete with his name. "Mr Dumbledore!" Albus walked back around the corner, sheepishly. When she made no reaction, he realised that she couldn't see him and cast the counter charm. The librarian's angry scowl intensified as he came back into view. "Bring your things." She snapped, waving her wand to send the books back to their shelves. After he had swept everything into his book bag, crumpling his homework as he did, she jabbed her wand maliciously. There was a sudden, intense pressure pulling on his earlobe. As the librarian turned and marched out, he was dragged along behind her. She kept up such a speed that he was almost jogging to keep up. "Unbelievable," She said. "I have never seen anything of the like, young man. Breaking into the restricted section? Sleeping there overnight? You are lucky you didn't wake anything up!" "Sorry ma'am. Yes ma'am." Albus kept up a string of apologies, hoping to calm her a little. It didn't seem to work, she marched him straight past her desk and out along the corridor. Albus hoped they were going to his head of house. Professor Pranton was a kind young lady in her thirties and usually her Gryffindors had quite a lot of leeway. She would most likely be impressed that he had been able to bypass the new wards on the restricted section. She had cast them herself, after all. He wasn't in luck though. They were heading away from the Charms classroom and they passed straight by the marble staircase to Gryffindor Tower. Now Albus had to admit to himself that he was being taken to the Headmaster's office. He winced, it was never good to disturb Headmaster Black before lunch, and even then... They reached the entrance to the office and Dupont gave the password. The spell tugging Albus along was beginning to be quite irritating and he was sorely tempted to throw it off with a Finite . Instead, he continued up the spiral stars, following the librarian into the headmaster's office. "I did not give you permission to enter my study, boy." Albus tried to smile cheerfully at the dour headmaster. "No, Sir. I am sorry, Madame Dupont brought me along, Professor." The man's eyes were narrowed with dislike as he took in the student in front of his desk. Taking note of how the boy tried not to wince as some spell tried to drag him closer to the librarian. Professor Phineas Nigellus Black was not a kind man, nor was he patient. The pure-blooded Slytherin was guilty of favouritism, nepotism, elitism and indolence. Albus could think of a hundred ways off the top of his head which could make the school a more interesting and enjoyable place to be. Surely a headmaster should do more than sit in his study and insult people from afar? One thing that could be said for the Headmaster's methods was that the running of the school was smooth, albeit strict. The caretaker was particularly enthusiastic about locking students in the dungeons for minor infractions. The punishments for major rule breakers didn't even bear thinking about, so Albus tried not to. "I suppose you didn't just apprehend him on the way up Madam?" Black asked, somewhat reluctantly. Albus finally gave in to the tug on his ear, which was becoming quite painful, and took a step closer to the librarian. "Stand up straight, boy! You look ridiculous." Dupont seemed to remember the charm and ended it herself. "Headmaster, I found Mr Dumbledore in the restricted section this morning when I went in to settle the Necromancy text- it's been playing up again this week, you see..." "Madame, I am sure you are as busy as I am. Would you tell me about this student? Not that I can blame you for wanting to avoid the subject." The headmaster spared an impatient gesture for Albus. Albus meanwhile was getting irritated, he knew the headmaster was aware of his name. The man was deliberately not using it just to annoy him. Dupont looked a little flustered but missed the obvious direction to hurry up. "Headmaster, he had a stack of restricted potions books and scrolls. There was a cold lantern on that desk as well- so he must have been there at least overnight. Dumbledore must have arrived after curfew, broken through both sets of locks on each of the doors, and locked them behind him. Not to mention, not having a pass for the books he used, and his falling asleep in the restricted section." She gave Albus a stern look, "You are incredibly lucky that none of those books felt threatened." "I could have handled it if they had." Albus muttered under his breath. "Oh, of course you could have handled it." Professor Black cut in sharply. "After all, what is the difference between being able to unlock a door and being able to fight off a mental attack from an unknown source in your sleep? Negligible, I am sure." Albus sighed, "I know some Occlumency, Sir. And I had a ward set up around my desk. I checked each of the books I picked up too. Only one of them had anything remotely dangerous and that was a Snapping Hex, which I disabled." Black scoffed, "No fourth year student could disable a Snapping Hex. There is no way you could manage that, even if you are some sort of child prodigy as Professor Pranton would have me believe." "No, I wouldn't claim that, Sir." Albus said mildly, mentally congratulating himself on his return to sense. Finally his mouth had caught up with his knowledge that the best way to deal with the headmaster was to be genial and polite. The headmaster wasn't too keen on the jollity, but it was well worth it to see him get more and more confused. The headmaster shuffled a pile of parchment on his desk. "What lesson are you currently missing, Dumbledore?" Ah, finally the Professor deigned to use his name, it had only taken the man ten minutes. "Potions, Sir. With Professor Jigger. It was a double period." Professor Black almost smiled, almost. You could see some of the irritation slip away as he realised he didn't have to deal with the issue. "Excellent. Well in that case Dumbledore, I will assign your detentions." He made a quick tally on a spare scrap of parchment. "That was curfew, two locked doors, restricted section, the books, sleeping and magic in the library, not attending breakfast and your first two classes. Ten, I believe. Let us make it a round dozen. And Professor Jigger may give you whatever he wishes as well, as it is him you have insulted by sleeping through his class." "Yes, Sir." Albus bit his lip for a second. "With whom will I be serving my detentions, may I ask?" The headmaster usually assigned students to the caretaker. Occasionally though, he made other decisions- usually picking something the student would hate, if he knew enough about them to do so. Black shrugged for a second, he obviously hadn't thought through the implications of assigning detention. "I suppose you might report to Professor Diggory, he was whingeing about the house elves not cleaning his classroom well enough. Maybe after you do a terrible job at it, he will be content with the elves." Albus frowned, did that mean Black wanted him to do a bad job? Diggory was head of Slytherin House, his transfiguration teacher. The man was nit-picking, notoriously organised and had impeccable dress. Albus wasn't sure how it was possible for anything to be acceptable for his levels of cleanliness... "But if you do not tidy it to his standards," Black said thoughtfully. "I suppose he might assign you more work to do." He leant back in his high-backed chair, "That is your problem. Good morning, Madame Dupont. Dumbledore, get out of my office and go to class. "Dumbledore." Professor Alfred Jigger stood in the doorway of the potions classroom. His arms were folded over his lab-robes and his grey hair was standing on end as it was wont to do. The man was holding a long, wooden stirring rod in one hand, and was tapping it slowly against the opposite arm. Behind the professor, Albus could see his classmates trying to peer around their cauldrons to get a good look at what was happening. Albus sighed. It was the wrong thing to do. Jigger's eyes narrowed dangerously. "What time do you call this, Boy?" Albus swallowed, "About eleven o'clock, Sir?" "Hah," the man barked, "Eleven? No, not quite. It is in fact twenty minutes past eleven by my watch. Do you believe my watch is wrong, Dumbledore?" "No, Sir." "Then we are quite agreed that it is twenty minutes past eleven?" "Yes,