A/N: So, I should warn you all that I am hopelessly American. That being stated (pun intended), I tried very hard to not use American slang in this story to a point where spell check now corrects my every use of 'ass' to 'arse' and adds unnecessary an "U" in words like 'color' and 'favorite'. So enjoy this in attempt of an American pretending to be British. Disclaimer: Ms. Rowling is too busy being the Queen of England to write fanfiction. She sends her regards. The Tabletops Misadventures. Part One. One would think after raising six sons he would be less nervous for this particular discussion. Harry was like a son to him, one of his own even, he could only hope that Harry considered himself as much. Never would he dream of trying to replace Harry's own father, or even Sirius, not only were their robes impossible to fill, no love could replace what the boy had lost. No, Mr. Weasley saw himself as more of a kindly mentor. Someone to guide the boy into his promising future of being a great man. Hell , the boy was already more of a man than most full grown wizards. He was only doing what James would have done in his position, Merlin knows Arthur wished he could, but it was nonsense wishing, even when one lived in the magical realm. And that was where Mr. Weasley came in. With fatherhood came certain responsibilities such as the current one his wife had so kindly reminded him of only last week. Only to be reinforced two days later. Arthur relented. Harry was a boy of nearly 17 surely he must know, or, at the very least, understand the basic mechanics of what happens between lovers in their bedroom. But alas, it wasn't until he stumbled into a situation, that no father wished to, that very morning did he realize that it wasn't the what or how , but perhaps the why not… especially with his youngest and only daughter. The little prat... er, Harry had his precious angel trapped against the table (might he add was where he ate breakfast.) as Harry nearly snogged her face off. Maybe he was being a bit biased. Ginny wasn't exactly pushing the boy away, quite the opposite, but did the kid have to stand that close? Whatever happened to a nice formal hand shake? His daughter, whom he knew first hand, was never one to be taken advantage of. If anything it should be Harry that Mr. Weasley was concerned of being taken advantage of. Arthur knew this but still his daughter, his baby girl? She was barely 15 and already kissing boys, much less Harry Potter of all people. Not that he should have expected any less. His little girl had turned into a woman almost overnight. His daughter was truly something to behold, especially within the past year. It would seem that he and Harry had not been the only males in the Weasley house hold that had taken notice to Ginny's more recent maturities. For only a month earlier Bill had come to his father and proposed the idea of a chastity charm for his youngest. Of course at the time Mr. Weasley had scoffed at the idea, warning Bill that he should be careful of what he said to Ginny in regards to her personal life, or he'd regret having taught her that bat bogey hex. Now he wondered if he should have taken Bill up on his idea. Mr. Weasley sat down in a huff on the overly stuffed couch rubbing at the goose flesh that had appeared at the mere thought. Arthur remembered a time, not so long ago, when he had thought Ginny's infatuation with Harry was cute, even endearing at times. He could not recount how many times he had retold the tale of the 'Boy Who Lived' to a much younger Ginny- Or 'Winny Weasley' as she called herself when the 'g' was a particularly difficult sound . Oh how the times had changed. Because now the said boy was no longer just the 'Boy Who Lived'. He was Harry James Potter son of James Potter and godson of Sirius Black, two infamous womanizers of their days of youth. He was now officially the 'Boy Who Is Dating My Daughter'. The Boy Who Should Keep His Bloody Hands To Himself, if you will. Finding that he was grumbling under his breath, Arthur Weasley let out a loud sigh. Knowing that it was unfair to compare Harry to his father and godfather. Harry had exemplified time and time again a gentle nature that could only once have belonged to Lily Potter. Still , Arthur pouted a bit. Now, do not mistake, he could not be happier for their new found romance- Harry deserved the smile that Ginny brought to his face. And even a blind man could see how happy the boy made Ginny. If he let himself think about it he knew this was more than some fling, the emotions that both felt were real, but that did not compensate for what he walked in on earlier. Why had he and his kitchen table have to suffer for it? The very same table that he had given to Molly as an anniversary gift when she had become pregnant with Ron. He could so clearly remember the day that he and Molly had brought her home. Six boys were there to welcome the curious bundle, so warm and innocent wrapped in pink snuggled against her father's chest. All of them thrilled with the prospect of having a sister. None of them knowing what that would entitle. The boys had crowded around their father in awe. Ron had been but a mere two year old at the time, tugging at his mother's robes, pushing against his brothers to see what all the fuss was about; Molly had to pick him up so that he could get the chance greet his new sister. The toddler was obviously just as smitten as his father was as he gently laid a kiss to his sister's cheek, his face full of wonder. " 'S her name?" He had questioned in a little voice looking up to his father. "Ginevra Molly Weasley." Arthur answered, sharing a tender smile with his youngest son. "Gin.. Ginva?" Ron attempted, his face twisting adorably. "Ginny, Ron, you can call her Ginny." Bill had said, scooping Ron from his mother's tired arms. "Ginny." Ron proclaimed, triumphantly smiling before leaning out of Bill's arms to kiss his sister once more. Molly smiled softly at the pet name the boys had come up with. Softly running her hand along the pink bundle's head. "Ginny Weasley." She mused. And like that he knew he would want of nothing more. His family was whole. His heart was full. Ginny completed them. The memory still warmed his heart. Hardly hours old and she had all of the Weasley men wrapped around her tiny fingers. Molly would laugh as they got into bed that night after they had gotten Ginny settled into her bassinette. And all the boys were finally in their respective rooms. "What's so funny, dear?" Arthur smiled, bringing his wife into his arms as they climbed into bed. "That girl is going to have a hell of a time bringing a boy home with all of you hanging about." She had said still laughing. Arthur had laughed too; all the while knowing it was true. He could remember thinking that no boy could possibly be good enough for his baby girl, trust Ginny to try and prove him wrong. Harry Potter. Of all wizards… Six sons and never had he been so nervous for one of his famous "Wizard to Wizard" talks, or, as the Muggles have so strangely called it, "the birds and the bees". Honestly, seven children and not once were birds nor bees involved in the creation process. Strange creatures Muggles are. Arthur simply did not know what to expect, all of his sons had differed in their reactions. Bill had taken it quite well, all things considering, but perhaps the tender age of eight was a bit young. Charlie was simply nonchalant perhaps age 17 was too late. Percy had taken it in stride, very astute that one. Fred and George were enthusiastic. To say the least… never before had the question "So is the vagina just an inside out penis?" ever presented itself to Arthur. The answer is no, in case you were wondering, that took more research than expected on his part. Now Ron, Ron was the most bashful of all his boys which had in turn made the talk rather difficult for Arthur. Nonetheless they had made it through Ron's fumbled questions and all. But Harry was unlike any of his sons. He could be shy, bold, and passionate all in one seating. Harry was completely his own force to be reckoned with. He always managed to surprise you. He was older too than most of his sons by the time this conversation had rolled around… Sixteen. Arthur fought off a shudder. Arthur remembered age sixteen quite well. He had waited too long, if he had only followed Molly's instructions and gotten through with it earlier during the week, Mr. Weasley would have nothing to worry about. A walk in the park in fact. Now not only would the conversation be awkward but a tad too personal. But no, now, not only would he have to speak to Harry but probably Ginny as well. The clatter of pots drew him away from his thoughts. His wife didn't know it, but his position on the couch gave him a lovely view of her voluptuous backside as she bent over in search of the perfect baking pan. Despite the turning turmoil of his mind Arthur Weasley found himself having to fight back a chuckle. Yes, he and Harry Potter weren't so different. Harry too had discovered that the women in the Weasley family were irresistible. In truth, that was all Molly's doing, something that was both a blessing and a curse. A blessing for the obvious reasons, he had been granted two of the most beautiful and wholesome women in his lifetime, one as a wife and one as a daughter. What more could one man ask for? A curse because he knew from the moment that he had first held her that he would be fighting to keep her. There had been a time when he had to fight boys off from Molly, too, way back during their Hogwarts days, when he was still trying to win her affections. Memories that he was still not all too fond of. Arthur was no fool, he knew that Harry wasn't Ginny's first 'official' boyfriend or even the second, but, what he did know was that this was her first serious relationship. Harry's too if he wasn't mistaken. The first time that either of them had been in love. Neither of them knew that yet though. They had yet to discover the depth of their feelings for each other, but Arthur could see it. It was there in every glance they shared and with each blush. He had been made aware of all Ginny's little flings; her brothers had kept him updated. This whole dating business had only started within the past year and a half, but nothing had really piqued his interests until the subject of Harry was brought up. The twins had been the ones to first notice the change and they weren't even at school anymore! This all seemed to slip right under Ron's nose up until they had said something. From then on he had been hawk like. Taking Mad-Eye's motto to heart "Constant Vigilance!". In Arthur's personal father opinion, Ron had been rather too distracted by a suddenly blossomed Hermione. Never, of course, would he dare mention that to his son. No matter