Warning for explicit sexual content and minor language. Also unbeta'd. All mistakes are my own. A Stolen Moment: Between You and Me (And the Bottom of the Creek) The monsters were gone – the last one dissolved into golden dust at the quick slash of Riptide. Annabeth let her knife fall from her grasp, turning her energy to holding up Piper instead. The daughter of Aphrodite was pale, her pretty jaw clenched in pain, but she wasn't terribly injured. She would live. Across from the girls, Percy and Jason came to a stop. Percy, who delivered the killing blow to the final monster, was covered from head to toe in the disgusting golden dust it left behind and mud from when the first monster pushed him down. Annabeth quickly scanned her panting boyfriend; he looked uninjured. He also looked ridiculously handsome for someone covered in grime and sweating from exertion. Honestly, it wasn't fair he could look so good even after a monster hunt. The son of Poseidon turned to Jason and said something that made the other boy laugh. "Piper!" Jason cried, his laughter cutting off sharply when he caught sight of his girlfriend. "I'm okay," Piper said, straightening up. "It's just my ankle, I think it's broken." "Careful," Annabeth scolded as Jason dashed over, reaching out for Piper. She narrowed her eyes at the son of Jupiter, who anxiously hovered as she helped Piper sit down on a nearby rock. She knelt beside her friend and gently tugged her shoe off, muttering an apology when Piper hissed. "Watch it," Jason fretted. For a moment, Annabeth thought he might try to step in and stop her, but Percy put a hand on his shoulder, stilling their friend. "Don't worry, she's got this. Feeling all right Pips?" The son of Poseidon peered down at Piper, scanning the rest of her body for injury before his gaze settled on her ankle, which Annabeth gently prodded. Piper managed a small grin for the boys. "Twisted my ankle when the one rammed me. Terribly embarrassing." "Happens," Percy assured her in that casual, easy going manner of his. "Don't worry, we're not far from a town." "We're in the middle of a forest," Annabeth reminded him with a roll of her eyes. "Don't worry, we're in the middle of a forest not too far from a town," Percy easily deflected with a crooked grin that most certainly did not make Annabeth's heart flutter. "You got her?" "Yeah." "Great, I'm going to go clean off then," he said, motioning towards his grime covered clothes. "Good, 'cause you smell," Piper said, wrinkling her nose as she distastefully eyed his filthy attire. It was an obvious attempt to lighten the situation and Percy obliged her with a little laugh. "Don't wander too far," Annabeth warned him as he capped Riptide. "I won't, there's a creek just a little ways back." He called as he jogged off. "Here, I've got some nectar," Jason said, dropping to his knees and rummaging through his bag. "We'll have to wrap it," Annabeth instructed, "and no walking on it until one of the Apollo campers check it out." Piper wrinkled her nose but didn't protest. Jason dutifully pulled out some nectar and something to wrap his girlfriend's foot with. Annabeth stood back, watching as Jason tenderly took care of Piper's injury. He placed a light kiss to her ankle before beginning to wrap it. It was adorable and sickeningly sweet, especially with the big doe eyes he made up at her and Piper's little grin as she reached forward to press a kiss to his forehead. The moment felt private and Annabeth ducked out before they could remember she was there. Figuring the pair would be okay, Annabeth went off to check on her seaweed brained boyfriend and make sure he made it to the creek without incident. Which honestly, with Percy, wasn't out of the realm of possibility. The creek was not hard to find, she just had to follow the soft sound of gurgling water. The creek was small but the water was clear and she could smell the crispness of it even from this distance. As Annabeth stepped up to the shore, she noted Percy's filthy discarded clothes in the grass. The seaweed brain himself was in the water and he sat up, shaking the water from his hair with a grin as he noticed her. "Hey Wise Girl, couldn't take the cuteness of Pips and Jason huh?" Annabeth froze when she took in her boyfriend's grinning face, her eyes falling back to the clothes on the shore as she quickly adverted her eyes. "Percy!" She tried to sound scandalized, "you're naked." "Well, yeah," Percy chuckled and she heard him wade to the edge of the creek. "The point was to get clean wasn't it?" The temptation was too great and Annabeth peered through her hair at the naked son of Poseidon in the creek below. Percy was still grinning. The mud and grime from earlier was gone. Instead, now little droplets of water clung to his tan skin, slowly rolling down the side of his strong jaw to run down his neck. Annabeth's sharp eyes traced the droplet's movement, watching, enraptured, as it trickled down to his chest. His strong, well-defined chest, his abs taunt and hard and she longed to run her fingers over them, to trace that trail of hair on his sternum down – "See something you like?" Annabeth's eyes snapped back up to a respectable level, refusing to blush as his grin grew even wider. "Nothing special," she said casually, steadfastly keeping her eyes on his face. "Uh-huh. You know," Percy said, schooling his expression into one that semi-resembled seriousness. "You've got a little mud and monster dust on you too." Annabeth automatically glanced down at her clothes. Sure, there was a little monster dust on her shirt and maybe some mud on her jeans but she was pretty clean. She knew that Percy wasn't really talking about her clothes though. She glanced behind her, in the direction where she knew Jason and Piper were. "They're probably so preoccupied with each other they won't even noticed we're gone for a while," Percy entreated. She bit her lip, trying to stop the small smile that threatened to curl on her lips as she examined Percy once more. He reclined in the creek, the clear water obscuring absolutely nothing. Heat curled low in Annabeth's abdomen. "We probably could be gone for a few hours before they noticed," she agreed lightly and Percy grinned. "Come join me Wise Girl," Percy tempted, holding a hand out to her, that wicked grin stretching across his handsome face. Annabeth shook her head, laughing a little as she started to pull her shirt off. Her pants and shirt joined Percy's at the edge of the creek, but Annabeth hesitated as she fingered the clip to her bra. It wasn't as though this was the first time Percy had ever seen her naked. Hell, it wasn't even vulnerability Annabeth was worried about. She fell through Tartarus with the guy. Percy knew her inside and out, all her strengths and weaknesses. He knew her more intimately and thoroughly than she could have ever dreamed someone could. There were no secrets between them, no insecurities they couldn't share. They'd had sex before. Several times. In the dark of Percy's room, surrounding by her boyfriend's scent and warmth and everything Percy. Sex with Percy was great. He was an attentive lover; he knew her body perfectly and could have her a writhing mess in a ridiculously short time when he wanted. He also was a very talented lover. But Annabeth's favorite thing about sex with Percy was while sometimes it was just amazing mind-blowing sex, it was almost sometimes beyond sex; it was love, the perfect joining, Percy and Annabeth as one. Which sounded incredibly sappy and disgusting even to Annabeth. Piper did claim Percy and Annabeth were the greatest love story of the modern age though so she could blame Aphrodite for that. But there was something different about curling up with Percy in the darkness of his own apartment, and laying with him here in the open forest. "Hey, stop thinking," Percy scolded, holding his arms up to her. "I'm lonely, come join me." "Don't you think this is just a little weird? We're in the middle of a forest Percy, anybody could walk in. Not to mention there could be tree nymphs in this forest. And you're in water, your father's domain." "Tree nymphs don't like to be close to humans, even demigods. They're shy and they kind of hate us for pollution and deforestation." Percy pointed out. "But if there is one, I'm sure they'll be nice enough to leave us alone. Juniper would at least. And I'm pretty sure Poseidon already knows we're having sex, Annabeth, I don't think that'll surprise him one bit. Besides, he's got better things to do than spy on my sex life. It's not like he cares when you sleep in cabin three and that's probably more his domain than this little creek." Okay, that was a good point. "But if it makes you feel uncomfortable we can go back to Jason and Piper," Percy said seriously, his wet hair clinging to his face as he tilted his head at her. Annabeth's heart warmed at his thoughtfulness. She knew if she told him it made her uncomfortable he wouldn't mention it again. He would dry off and they would be gone. He wouldn't even be disappointed because she was more important than anything to him, even his libido. Ridicious boy. Gods, she loved him. "In a while," Annabeth said, slipping out of her underwear and throwing her bra behind her. "I have a dirty boyfriend who needs to be cleaned." Percy's grin returned as she wasted no time jumping into the creek, pulling herself onto his lap and kissing him soundly. "You know," Percy laughed against her lips, "you didn't have to jump in so quickly – I didn't have time to appreciate the view!" "Shut up," Annabeth huffed, wrapping her legs around his waist and reclaiming his lips. The water was cold, it sent shivers down her spine, but Percy's body was a burning heat that she didn't hesitate to press herself against. His callous hands ran down her back, catching the delicate skin there and sending a wave of arousal through the daughter of Athena. "Water's cold," she complained breathlessly against his lips as his hands came to rest on her hips and pull her flush against him. Her hardened nipples rubbed against his chest and her breath hitched at the sensation, heating coiling in her gut. "Don't worry, I'll warm you up," Percy promised, tilting his head to plunge his tongue into her mouth. He tasted like salt, a deeper taste of the ocean than the weak fresh water they sat in. He flicked his tongue, his fingers digging into her hips, before pulling away to nip at her bottom lip. He soothed over the spot with his tongue, sucking and kissing the momentary sting of pain away. Annabeth trailed her fingernails over the hard plate of his back, applying pressure to the small of his back where his Achilles' spot used to be. When he still had the curse, this little patch of skin had been super sensitive and even though the curse was gone now, some of the sensitivity remained. Percy arched into her touch, a groan rumbling from his lips that went straight to her core. She grinned and repeated the motion, scrapping her nails against the spot as he panted. She could feel his hardened length against her ass and she tightened her legs around him and ground herself against him. They both moaned at the delicious friction and then their mouths clashed together again, teeth nipping and tongues fighting for dominance. Percy pulled away and attacked her