Madame Luciana Malfoy knew many things; she wasn't a great beauty like her sister, Persephone, nor did she have the cunning and charm of her brother, Draconius. Her parents were merely fond of each other, and not in love. Her father was disappointed that she was sorted into Ravenclaw, but her mother was relieved she escaped Slytherin. Her grandparents didn't know what to think of her, but her Uncle Sirius loved her dearly. There was one secret Luciana kept closest to her chest, something that she hadn't dared tell another soul. She was a Matchmaker. Like all other fated gifts, it came with the start of her menses at twelve years old. It had terrified her at first, the sudden ability to see numerous, lustrous threads connecting a myriad of people to one another. Once the world had stopped spinning, and her horrible migraine had abated, Luciana delved into the section of the Malfoy Library devoted to fated gifts. It wasn't nearly as expansive as she knew the Black Library was, but since things were stained with Paterfamilias Black at the moment, her family's tomes would do. When she finally found the description matching her abilities, naming her a Matchmaker, Luciana nearly fainted. Matchmaking was among the rarest of fated gifts, and highly valued. She had the gift to see the bonds between people, and if word ever got out about her abilities, suitors would battle to gain her hand. Every family wanted to claim a Matchmaker among their ranks. Matchmakers were prized, the rarest gem of all, and there hadn't been one in recent memory. Luciana didn't want to be sold like chattel to the highest bidder, something she knew her grandfather, Paterfamilias Malfoy, wasn't above doing. She had gone to her godmother Cressida, the Lady Selwyn, in tears, begging for Occlumency lessons. Morgana bless her, her godmother hadn't pressed as to why, or why Luciana wasn't asking her parents, but began to teach her right away. When she discovered Luciana's secret, Cressida had sworn a magical vow to never tell a soul, knowing the ruthless ambition her father and grandfather shared. Luciana had mastered Occlumency quickly enough, but after three years, she was starting to wear thin. She needed a bonded herself, another person's magic being the only thing that could help tame her abilities. There was one person, two actually, who Luciana saw herself tied to. Triad bondings were rare, and scandalous nowadays, but a hallmark of the more powerful fated gifts. Usually the magic of two was the only force strong enough to stabilize the powers of someone as powerful as a Matchmaker. "Are you sure you're okay?" Heiress Thalassa Percy, Luciana's dearest friend, asked once again as they walked to dinner, drawing Luciana out of her thoughts. Thalassa knew Luciana better than anyone, and could tell how stressed she was. Luciana sighed, trying to to break into tears; she wasn't okay, she hadn't been truly okay in years. How could you be fine when you watched countless witches fawn over the ones you loved- the twins you had to love in secret, because your family would disown you on the spot if they found out? "I don't know." Thalassa got a gleam in her eye, the one that meant no good; seamlessly she wove her arm through Luciana's and drug her into a side room. The door closed with silently, and immediately the Percy heiress threw up several powerful privacy charms. "Alright." she said firmly, a tone that Luciana knew booked no maneuvering, as Thalassa could be very persuasive when she wanted to be, "You've given the same answer to that question, every time I've asked, for the last three years. What is going on?" Luciana paled, and began to shake; she knew that Thalassa would never tell a soul, but the thought of more people knowing her secret was terrifying. Immediately, her best friend was at her side, wrapping her arms around her in a hug. "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to." Thalassa said softly, now feeling horribly guilty she was so demanding. Luciana shook her head, "I need to tell someone else," she admitted, gently taking Thalassa's arms off her person, and grabbing her best friend's hands-Luciana had always craved touch and other forms of physical contact and they had ignored that rule of propriety for years now, "I'm a Matchmaker." Luciana spoke so softly that Thalassa had to lean closer to hear her voice. Immediately her blue eyes widened in shock, "Blessed Goddess." she whispered, awestruck, looking at Luciana in amazement, "There hasn't been a Matchmaker in-" "12 generations. I know." Luciana was soft, but forceful. This was why she feared telling people, "and you're not going to tell a soul." she sighed, feeling the weariness sink in her bones. Thalassa looked affronted, in her worry, Luciana had forgotten how seriously Percy's take their secret keeping, "I would rather die than betray your trust." she looked offended, hurt at what Luciana had unknowingly implied. Luciana felt the tears gathering in her eyes, "I never implied that," she blinked furiously, hating to cry in front of people, but this was just too much, "you're the second person I've ever told." Luciana dropped Thalassa's hand and sat upon the nearest desk, head in her hands. She was going to be alone and friendless, stuck with magic that was out of control and going to drive her into insanity. Silently, and somewhat shamefully, Thalassa sat on Luciana's other side, "I can't begin to comprehend how hard this is for you, Luciana, to keep something like this a secret." she held a handkerchief in her hand, a proffered peace offering. Luciana bolts straight up in shock, convinced that Thalassa had left. Gratefully, Luciana took the linen handkerchief and dried her eyes. "It's so hard," she admitted, "especially since my magic has started to mature. I need to bond, and soon, or I fear for my sanity." As strong as her Occlumency was, nothing stood strong enough to stand the strength of an unbound Fated. Horror stories had been told of when Fated didn't bond- their magic ate at them, desperate for something to stabilize it, and destroyed their sanity in the process. "You can see them though, your bonded?" Thalassa queried, her curiosity overtaking her now that Luciana had calmed. Thalassa held a long-running fascination with Fated gifts and had devoted hours to the study. Luciana chuckled bitterly, "I can see them, both of them." Her future bonded lords, for this was a match certainly blessed by Magic herself, were scion's of her family's bitterest enemy. "Both?" Thalassa hadn't realized that Luciana's magic, nor her gift, was strong enough to warrant a triad bonding, "Who?" "Messers Frederick and George Weasley." Thalassa was at a loss for words. The Weasley family had once been the Malfoy's closest ally, holding the position of their First Vassal. For the last 11 generations though, they had been the bitterest of enemies, Britain's strongest magical feud. It had been Lord Æðelwine Weasley's duty to guard Heiress Godiva Malfoy, a powerful Matchmaker. He had left her as she dozed in her family gardens to have a tryst with a servant woman, and in his absence, Godiva had been brutally attacked by several men, reportedly associates of the Weasley family. Since then, there had been no family the Malfoy's hated more. Messers Frederick and George Weasley were the middle children out of seven Weasley siblings. They were dashing and charming, handsome men with powerful magic and intellect to match. They were the owners of Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, a joke and prank specialty shop that had become a runaway success. All the society papers talked about them constantly, naming them among Wizarding Britain's most desirable bachelors. Rumors had swirled for years now, as they were 26 years old, and had yet to bond. "Do you understand now, why I've given you the same answer for so long?" Luciana asked, broken and weary. Thalassa bit her lip, a nervous tic, and nodded, "You're so brave Luciana," she encouraged, "a lesser witch would have broken ages ago, but you've held strong. If you have such strong feelings about the bond, then it has to be fated, right?" The ties connecting Luciana to her wizards, because they were hers and not a soul could tell her any different, were ribbon thick and rose pink. The only other bond she'd seen that color was that of the Lord and Lady Potter, and the everyone knew that they were a Fated, Blessed match. Her parents bond, on the other hand, was gossamer thin and the color of ivory- a physical attraction, and a fondness for one another at the most, but not love. "It's a Blessed match, Thalassa." Luciana looked both hopeful and despondent, "But there's no way for us to meet, not without our families starting an all out war." Thalassa sat stock-still for a moment, going deep into thought, "Cousin Crius is a financial partner to their business venture," she said absentmindedly, " I could ask him to have a meeting with the Messrs Weasley somewhere in Hogsmeade- he has always been fond of me." Luciana perked up, her eyes lighting up, truly, for the first time in years. "You would do that for me?" she's hopeful, happy beyond words, but fearful at the same time. Luciana knew after all these years of waiting that her soul couldn't stand a rejection. "For you, dear friend, I would do anything." Thalassa's promise had held true, as Sir Crius Percy agreed to have lunch with his business partners on the next Hogsmeade weekend at the Three Broomsticks. Luciana had been a mess of nerves for the week leading up to the Saturday, desperate to finally have a close interaction with her destined partners. "Will you sit still, please?" Thalassa implored, having to pause in her hairstyling as Luciana kept fidgeting, "I'm going to stick you with a pin, or burn you accidentally if you don't stop moving." Silently Luciana complied, too lost within her nerves to give a retort. A few minutes later, Thalassa pinned the last bit of Luciana's long, dark hair (a distinctive Black family trait, much to Grandmother Claudette's dismay) into its elaborate updo. Brand new, and delightfully daring, dress robes lay out on her bed in their thankfully empty dorm, perfectly pressed. "Done?" Luciana asked softly, lost in thought "Yes." Thalassa's voice was fond as she stood back and admired her work, "But let's get you into those robes, and then we can have a look, yes?" Luciana nodded eagerly, leaping up from the stool, much to Thalassa's amusement. She sheds her dressing gown and steps into the robes, pulling the sleeves up. "Lace me?" Luciana asked, holding the robes against her chest. "I'd love to." Skillfully Thalassa laces the backing of Luciana's dress robes, tying the remaining stays into a bow once she's done. A wave of her wand had the full length mirror uncovered, and Luciana was at a loss for words. Her dress robes were a dark navy blue, complimenting her grey eyes. The neckline was daring- a Queen Anne neckline which exposed more of her décolletage then Luciana had ever shown in public before. The fabric of the robes clung to Luciana's figure from her bust to bum, the flared out and fell to her feet in layers of organza. Her sleeves were lace, and only covered her shoulders. Luciana felt daring, a little overexposed, but beautiful at the same time; hopefully it would be worth it. On a whim, Lucina spun in a circle, the skirt of her robes flaring about her. She flung her arms around Thalassa, hugging her tightly. "Thank you," she whispered into her shoulder, "thank you so much." Thalassa smiled and squeezed her hands, "Anything for you, dear one. But," Thalassa smirked, "let's get you in a carriage to Hogsmeade. You have two handsome gentlemen to meet; Where's your cousin, Master