A/N: IMPORTANT! This is a wrong boy/girl who lived fic. I don't believe James and Lily would do this to their child and I know a lot of people don't like this storyline, but I need it to happen for the story to work. Sirius had felt the wards break and immediately left what he was doing. Headed straight for Godric's Hollow he pushed his bike as far and fast as he could. When he arrived it was to a destroyed house. But a very much alive Lily, James and the twins – though Sirius couldn't see perfectly. He was so thankful he could almost collapse. Instead he ran up to the young family who were conversing with Dumbledore. "James!" He cried out. Said person twisted round and let out a tired grin when he saw his best friend. "Hey Sirius. What are you doing here?" James seemed kind of anxious which Sirius found odd, but he brushed it off as stress from the night or something similar – for now. "I felt the wards fall. Is everyone alright? What about Aurora? And Charlus?" Sirius was panicked. "Relax Padfoot. Everyone's fine. The Aurors are on Peter's trail. Hopefully they'll catch him. Though I'm not optimistic." Sirius tensed. He had completely forgotten about Wormtail being the secret keeper during his mad rush. The little traitor! Padfoot wanted to find him and rip him into tiny pieces. Sirius barely managed to control himself before he did something he'd regret. James and Lily were both unharmed though seemingly distraught. He hadn't seen much of Aurora though Charlus was wailing hysterically (unharmed; Lily was trying to quiet him but Sirius was sure she would have checked the twins over for injuries the moment she got to them so he wasn't too worried) and Aurora was always the quieter child. Still, he needed to hold his god-daughter. He wouldn't do anything stupid as long as he knew she was safe. "Prongs. Can I hold Aurora? Where is she? She's okay right?" Lily and James looked at each other and shifted. James looked nervously back at Sirius. "Look. Sirius-" Said man cut him off before he could continue. "Did something happen to her? Oh Merlin! Tell me she's alive! She is alive right?" Just as Sirius was working himself up again, a healer – hearing the commotion – came up and handed the young panicked man a small bundle. "She's right here Mr. Black." The young woman handed the small child over to Sirius who was reaching for her. She turned to address the rest of the assembled party. "She's exhausted but conscious and well. She has a scar on the back right of her neck just below her hairline. It does have remnants of dark magic surrounding it. But this whole scene and the twins especially are saturated in it. I am fairly certain it won't harm either of them, but a check-up is recommended for about a week from now to ascertain." Looking at Aurora's neck, where the nurse had said the scar was, the dog animagus found a lightning bolt shaped scar standing out in a raw pink colour. Lightly Sirius ran a finger gently down the scar but got a soft whimper in return. Sirius immediately twisted Aurora so she was facing him and saw her wide, emotive green eyes staring back at him with some tears trickling down her cheeks and thick black curls falling all over her face. He was surprised. She had been so quiet he had thought she had fallen to sleep as the nurse had been carrying her over. He quickly but gently hugged her to him, feeling her small, one year old arms twist in his hair and shirt as he cradled her to his chest. "It's okay pup. It's over. Nothing's going to happen to you. I promise." Hearing an uncomfortable clearing of the throat sound next to him, Sirius looked up from the fragile little girl in his arms to his best friends light hazel eyes that wouldn't look him in the eye. "James?" You could hear the question in the single word. "You see Sirius." James started again. "Voldemort cast the killing curse when he was here. Somehow it didn't kill the twins, but instead bounded off of them back at Voldemort." Sirius's eyes widened. He continued to stare at James, waiting for the rest of the story. "Well, you know the reason we went into hiding in the first place?" Sirius nodded. It was because of a Prophecy – one Sirius did not know the contents to. "What are you trying to say James?" Sirius wasn't sure where this was going. "Well, the Prophecy stated there was a child born as the seventh month dies that was destined to defeat the Dark Lord. There were three children that fit that criteria. One was Neville – Frank and Alice's kid." Sirius nodded. "The other two were…" "Charlus and Aurora." Sirius finished for him. Suddenly everything made a lot more sense to him. "So it's one of these two?" The man questioned. "Well." Here James looked to Lily again, who then took over for him. "Professor Dumbledore here was just inspecting Charlus for us. He has a drained magical core and was awake when we arrived. He also has a scar along his left cheek." For the first time that night Sirius noticed the scar that ran along Charlus's cheek. It wasn't a big scar, but on the small child it looked a lot bigger than it would be on an adult. Taking up almost the whole of his cheek. It was shaped half-way between a V and a tick. "We think the V stands for Voldemort." Lily finished her explanation. All three stood looking at him as if expecting something from him. But for the life of him Sirius couldn't figure it out. "What exactly does that mean?" He asked cautiously. For the first time since Sirius arrived, Dumbledore spoke up. "That, my boy, means Charlus here is the conqueror of the Dark Lord Voldemort. He will grow up in the spotlight and probably need both his parents' attention to make sure he grows up properly. He will also need training as I fear this is not the last we will hear of Voldemort." Sirius had a faint understanding of what the headmaster was suggesting but stayed silent and stony, not saying a thing and making them squirm. He hoped he had gotten it all wrong. Blown it out of proportion. Because he did not like what he thought they were suggesting. He clutched Aurora closer to him. He could still remember the day she was born. Flashback Lily had been in labour for hours and James, Sirius and Remus had been sitting in the waiting room the whole time. James wand was bouncing on his knee as he tapped it anxiously in some obscure beat. Sirius was playing with a rubber band and Remus was sitting, shifting in his seat every 15 minutes. When the midwife finally called James into the room, the remaining two marauders were left waiting anxiously for the new little additions to their makeshift family. Finally James came bouncing through the doorway, a radiant smile stretching his face. The answering grins he received were equally as wide. " A boy and a girl! Come in. We'll introduce you." James bounded back to Lily's room and after sharing an amused smirk the other two followed his path through the maternity ward. Entering the room saw an exhausted but smiling Lily cradling a small bundle wrapped in blue. James held an equally small bundle wrapped in green. Approaching the couple they stood by the bed as Lily tilted her arms slightly to show a small pink baby wearing a knitted cap and baby suit. Their eyes were closed and the small child had a small downy tuft of red hair – similar to Lily's own – just showing. " Charlus Potter. Remus, we were wondering if you'd like to be his godfather?" Remus was gapping as his head swivelled between Lily and James, before breaking into a delighted grin. Which made everyone around him smile brighter. " I'd love to. Thank you both." Remus shuffled a bit closer as Lily careful extended her arms and allowed Remus to take Charlus into his. " Thank you Moony." James corrected. He then turned to Sirius with the other child – the girl – still in his arms. "Padfoot. We were wondering if you'd be the godfather to our daughter. We haven't picked out a name yet." Sirius smiled. Even though he knew that he'd be a godfather by the end of the day Sirius was still honoured by the fact Lily and James trusted him with something so important. " It would be my greatest honour Prongs." James grinned along with him and – as Lily had done with Remus – gently handed his daughter over to Sirius. Carefully cradling the child in his arms Sirius looked down at her and nearly had a heart attack. Staring back up at him were bright green eyes. They were completely focused on him and it stole his breath away. Not being able to tear his eyes away from the child staring up at him Sirius whispered. "I thought all babies had blue eyes at birth. And that they can't focus on their surroundings for at least eight weeks." James nodded his head. "The midwife told us it's not common, but in some magical babies their development is more rapid. But she's never seen one so advanced as this one here." He smiled lovingly at his daughter. "Her growth is normal. She's just quiet and the only irregularities are her eyes and focus. So far anyway. But she's completely healthy." Sirius finally tore his eyes away from the child's gaze to look at his friend who gave him a reassuring smile. He turned his attention back to the child in his arms. Now he knew what to expect he wasn't waylaid by her eyes and gaze on him. Instead he took in the rest of her appearance. Almost having his second heart attack that day he saw the black curly hair on the top of her head. It wasn't wispy like her brothers. It was like a full head of hair. Small ringlets covered her small head and Sirius felt his eyebrows shot up again. He took in the delicate shade of pink that all babies' skin were and worked out she'd be naturally pale when the flush died down. But not just any kind of paleness. It reminded Sirius of when he'd seen his baby photos – not that there were many – as the same delicate ivory skin tone he possessed. The hair too, reminded him painfully of his cousin's hair. Bellatrix and Andromeda had always had voluminous curly hair and Narcissa wasn't immune either, she was just a special case. It seemed the curly hair was part of the Black curse. That didn't explain how James's child had curly hair though, or ivory pale skin. Though both James and Lily were fairly pale, they both had a more natural tan than he did. He had worked for years to get his skin to darken in the sun. One less thing to connect him to his family. Unless. James mother – Dorea - had been a Black. That would make sense. Especially since… " James, Lily. When did you decide which one of us was going to be godfather to which child?" Lily looked confused at the odd question but comprehension dawned over James face as if he'd just figured it out. " You think so Sirius? But that hasn't happened in, what, a hundred years? More?" " If you did it would make sense. Dorea was a pureblood Black. Even if she didn't look like one, she must have inherited the genes. Which she then passed onto you. It's the only reason