"You know, I've always wondered, after seven years in this school there has never been an incident of people falling off the moving stairs. Do you think they have a spell of some kind to stop people from getting too close to the edge of the banisters?" Hermione looked surprisingly thoughtful at her question and Ron was just looking at her with mild amusement. "Does it matter? If no-one has fallen that's a good thing isn't it?" Hyacinth nodded, but that wasn't enough for her. "I'm still curious though. What if someone does fall? Is there like an invisible magical safety net at the bottom?" "Maybe we could ask a Professor." Hermione cut in. Always the logical one. "Yeah, but there are hardly any Professors on the seventh floor, we'd have to go all the way to the bottom to ask." "We are going to the bottom anyway Hyacinth. It's lunch." Hermione didn't think much of her statement, but Hyacinth watched as Ron's blue eyes widened and it clicked in his mind. "Hyacinth. No." "Hyacinth yes." She countered. Already dancing out of Ron's way. Hermione's bushy hair moved forward as she abruptly stopped, her mouth open in surprise as she realised. "No Hyacinth, you could kill yourself." "I'm pretty sure there is something at the bottom to catch me." "How sure." "Like, 60%" "Please say sixty percent out of sixty percent." "More like sixty percent out of one hundred." All the way Hyacinth was moving to the stairs, Ron unsure as to whether she was joking or not didn't stop her. "You are kidding right Cynthia?" Ron looked slightly concerned. "I think we should test this." Hyacinth grinned. "Please say you think we should test this with a very non-human, non-Hyacinth shaped object that is not alive." Hermione prompted. "But where is the fun in that?" Her grin widened. Then they were all running. Hyacinth towards the railing, laughing, and Hermione and Ron running after her and yelling at her to 'slow-the-fuck-down-because-curse-Quidditch-why-did-she-have-to-be-so-fast-this-is-a-terrible-idea-STOP!' Her loose messy black hair swung about her head where it framed her face in a messy bob, her glasses glinting in front of her bright green eyes. Hyacinth had always been fast. She was naturally athletic and had loved flying since she had first learned how. She also had two younger brothers and they often mucked around chasing each other so she was more than used to running. Which was good for her, but bad for Ron and Hermione. Or bad for her, depending on how you looked at it. Her bag was tossed to the side and she winced as she heard an inkwell crack. Ah well. Ron and Hermione also discarded their bags to run faster. Hyacinth had never realised how long the corridor actually was. Running faster, Hyacinth registered she was wearing a skirt and hummed. What to do about that? Drawing her wand she cast the charm that most seventh year girls knew, due to the fact that once they hit fifth year the boys realised there was a charm that could imitate wind and could be used to push a girls skirt up. Many hexes had been cast because of that spell. But there was also a sticking charm of sorts that made sure a girls skirt wouldn't rise above a certain point on her thigh. Then she got to the railing at the end of the corridor and without stopping to think, she placed one hand on the railing and swung her legs over the side, propelling herself over the edge and into the centre of the long drop, knowing if she stayed too close to the edge of then she could hit herself on the stairs. Freefalling Hyacinth heard many people screaming, but wasn't too worried herself. Honestly, she'd been planning to do this since the moment she woke up that morning. She'd had a dream about it and she was curious so she had decided to test it out. Once she fell past the fourth floor she looked down to realise there were Professors standing at the bottom. She could faintly see the horror on McGonagall's face and took that to mean there were not in fact, safety nets at the bottom. Hyacinth frowned at the logic in that, but nevertheless, channelled her magic to her wand and cast the charm. "Accio Firebolt." Sirius had bought her the broom for her seventeenth birthday. She loved it, and it was really, really fast. Which was probably the only reason she was confident enough to do this. The Firebolt was there in a matter of seconds, but someone had cast a spell at the very moment she cast hers and she was already slowing down. Flitwick really made a good decision when he decided to teach first years the levitation spell, because by seventh year that spell was ingrained in their memory and it would practically never fail. She hadn't seen the person who had cast the spell, but she could recognise that voice anywhere. In a second she was on her broom and zooming back up, stopping slightly at the fourth floor as her eyes met grey ones and she smiled. Then she was zooming back up to Ron and Hermione, a massive grin on her face. "Are you completely insane?" Hermione screamed at her. "It's fine. Look." Hyacinth held out her broomstick. Ron just buried his face in his hands. "Cynthia, that doesn't make what you just did okay." Ron looked like he was trying very hard to keep calm. "You two are such spoil-sports. Anyway. I don't think the bottom does have a safety net. McGonagall looked like she was about to throw up with horror." Hyacinth paused. "Actually, I think I'll skip lunch today, I don't think she'll be very happy with me." Hyacinth went to escape through one of the hidden passages to the Gryffindor common room, but Ron grabbed her. "Oh no. If you're going to give us heart attacks then you're going to reap the consequences." "Ron." Hyacinth stared imploringly at the red-head, but he just raised his eyebrows and made an unamused face at her. "Uh. Fine. I hope McGonagall doesn't call my parents. If she does then I'm doing a runner." "You're so dumb Hyacinth. I still can't believe you did that." They were on the fourth floor stair case and Hermione was still going on at her. Hyacinth was ignoring her in favour of lamenting over her broken inkwell. "It's gone everywhere." "Well maybe she should have thought of that before you threw it to the side in favour of jumping over the stairwell banister." Hyacinth narrowed her eyes at Ron. "Since when did you decide to become the voice of reason?" "Since you decided jumping to your death was a good idea." Ron shot back. "Well firstly, I wasn't jumping to my death, it was an experiment, and secondly, I had my Firebolt with me." "You had it with you?" "Well, I had my wand and an Accio charm and that's basically the same thing." "What if it had gone wrong Hyacinth? What would you have done then?" Hermione stopped in front of her and crossed her arms. Hyacinth moved around her, once again pouting at the fact she was the smallest person in their group. "Then I would have trusted someone else to catch me." They carried on in that vein until the trio reached the ground floor where the Great Hall was. As predicted by Hyacinth, not only the Professors, but also her parents were waiting there. And her two younger brothers. And Remus. And Sirius. "How did you all get here so quickly?" That was the wrong thing to say. Her mother looked like spitting fire and her father was looking at her like she was insane. "When Dumbledore sends us a patronus telling us to get here quickly because you've jumped from the seventh floor, we tend to worry ." There was so much sarcasm at the end of that sentence Hyacinth had to bite back a remark about the hypocrisy of her mother telling her to stop being so sarcastic all the time. "Hyacinth, what on earth possessed you to do that?" Her father was perhaps the sternest she had ever seen him. "I'm sorry okay. If I had the choice to go back and not do it, I would, but it's already done so I can't." "Is that because you realise how foolish what you did was, or because you don't want to have to deal with the consequences?" Remus asked. Sirius was laughing at her. Some Godfather he was. Hyacinth shot him a look. He just smirked at her. "Sirius, don't encourage her." "I'm not encouraging her." Sirius turned to her, "Don't jump off of potentially fatal platforms okay?" "I had my Firebolt with me, and I would have been fine anyway!" "No you would not have!" James looked frantic and her mother and Remus had the exact same face. "Well, I had faith in this school that I wouldn't be hurt. I thought, due to the fact that we have moving stairs, that there would be some kind of safety net." "Miss Potter. We do not have those precautions because there had never before been an incident that required them. I assure you, we will look into it now you have pointed that out to us." Dumbledore's eyes were twinkling. McGonagall didn't seem to share his countenance. Hyacinth was pretty sure she was counting back from 1000 in her head. "See, I have potentially saved someone's life. You should be proud of me." Several people snorted. "You are so grounded when you get home." "I'm seventeen! I'm a legal adult!" Her younger brothers were grinning at her. Harold and Howard. Otherwise known as Harry and Howie. Hyacinth really had to wonder at not only her parent's choice to name all their children so that their names began with 'H' but also why they had to choose those names. The amount of times everyone mixed up her brothers names was astonishing. She was so glad she didn't have a sister for that to happen to her. Her younger brothers were an annoyance enough anyway. Harry was 15 and Howie 12. They got on much too well though. Which was bad for her, because those two together spelt trouble. "We're still your parents." "I'm going to live with Sirius if you do this to me." "No you are not, because you will be grounded." Hyacinth groaned. Which was the wrong thing to do. "If you insist on not taking this seriously then we will have to think of something that will make you take us seriously Hyacinth." Merlin, she loved her mother but sometimes she was so overbearing and annoying. "Look, it was just a bit of fun, and I had everything in control. Please stop making a big deal out of this. I won't do it again okay." Hyacinth made a move to retreat. "You could have died." "No, I couldn't have. There were plenty of people ready to catch me anyway. Why do you think I did it at lunch when there were so many people on the stairwell? I was caught with a Wingardium Leviosa before I could even summon my broom, so thank you for your concern, but I'm fine." It took a while, but finally (after relocating to McGonagall's office, and her brothers being sent into the Great Hall for lunch along with Ron and Hermione and everyone else who had stayed to watch) her parents left and she was allowed to go. Before they left Sirius pulled her aside. "Don't worry. You're parents just assumed the worst. They're not over the initial terror yet. You won't be grounded, so don't get so snippy with them. They just aren't used to the fact that you can do what you want yet so just don't provoke them." Hyacinth had relented after that, but she'd also missed lunch and now she