Chapter 1 A man threw bread into my cell. It hit the floor with an audible clunk and skittered across the damp stone towards me. I picked it up with a sigh; it was rock hard. I thought I would be able to seduce my way out of the dungeons, but the men seemed prepared for that sort of conduct this time. It usually took no longer than a day. The darkness was growing stronger. There were strong urges; they happened in pulses lasting minutes at a time. A man clanged on the bars. "Are you ready to confess and be punished?" They never failed to visit "Yes," I feigned a weak voice and stood feebly. I would not be punished. The penance for my crimes was far too severe for my liking. I leaned against the bars and stroked the hilt of the blade hidden by my breast. The pompous, devout man looked satisfied. He believed himself to be a servant of the Creator, yet his hands were covered in the blood of prisoners. "Tell me your offenses." "Killing a man. A good man." I wrapped my hand around the hilt. His eyes widened. "You are making an admission to murder along with your crimes of temptation?" "I have not committed them yet, my lord." He stared at me stupidly. "But I am imagining how I would do it now," I whispered innocently. I smirked, grabbed his cloak, and slammed him against the bars, holding my dagger to his neck. "Open the doors and you will not be the man I kill." He pulled his keys out with a strangled groan and twisted the lock open. I kept my knife at him as I stepped past the door. I pushed him towards the cell next to mine. The man I was attending to before I was arrested was sitting inside. "Open it," I commanded. He unlocked it shakily. The man stood with apprehension, staring at me warily. "Thank you, my lord." I smiled maliciously. I snatched his keys and swiped my blade fluidly across his throat. Blood poured down his cloak. I pushed him back, being careful not to touch the blood. I took the knife and plunged it into my own thigh, forcing a blood-curdling scream out of my own throat and attracting the other guards. I then ripped it out and threw it into the man's cell. "He killed him!" I screamed as they neared us. I clutched at the wound with a painful groan. Predictably, the guards shouted and invaded the man's cell. They would take their time; they would want him to suffer. A younger guard, one I had not seen before, turned me towards him. I fixed my face from slight entertainment back to feigned horror before he looked at me. "Did he attack you?" he asked. I nodded whimpering. "I will take you to fix that wound." He led me to the steps. "How did a beautiful woman find herself in the dungeons?" "Unfortunate place at an unfortunate time," I said as we stepped into the daylight. The darkness grew stronger. It was the stronger than it had ever been in the thousands of years after the war. I groaned as a wave of dark impulses ran over me. The cold began at my heart and trickled to the tips of my fingers and down to my feet. Then, the cold seized every muscle and replaced itself with scorching rage. I resisted the urge to grab the man's knife and plunge it in his throat. Instead, I punched him in the face, knocking him out and sending him rolling down the steps back down into the dungeon. I ducked my head and walked towards the upper levels. It was not high. The more decadent citizens tended to reside in the lower levels. I walked into the alley that led to the black door. I knocked twice in a row, waited a beat, and knocked five more times, pausing between the last two. The door opened. A scraggy, old man by the name of Orgron stood behind it. "Where have you been?" he asked in a low whisper, growing louder after the door shut. "The dungeons again," I replied, "They are beginning to learn my face." I pushed past him and made my way to my room. Girls sat throughout the main area; it was close to nightfall; they were readying for their shifts. Few shady men walked past me and exited the house; they were special clients. I was a special dealer, so I obtained my own room. I opened drawers and found my darkest clothes. I ripped my night clothes off and put on my best riding gear. I knew where I had to go. There were whisperings of the rising power in the east, but I was never certain it became a real threat until now. I knew He was still alive. I had never returned to the person I was before the war, and I knew I would not until He was dead. The girl I shared a room with, Elfwyn, stared at me curiously. I reached behind my bed and found the smooth wooden bow. I pulled it out with a grunt. I took my knives and quill from their hidden place in a drawer and handed them to her. "I need you to stand ready on the main road with these." "I do not understand," she whispered. "You will," I said. "Just do this for me, please." "Anything," she replied. She believed we became good friends, but I felt nothing towards her. I nodded. "Thank you." I brushed through my hair and braided two strands down the side, exposing the tip of my ears. She gaped at me. "You are an–" "Shh," I interrupted her and pulled on a cloak that covered my ears when I pulled the hood over my head. The old man walked into my room. "There have been reports of the Nine passing. It is probably just the words of crazy men, but all your work should be done inside the city." I nearly dropped the pack in my hands. "The Nine?" I asked. The rise of the darkness became clear. He nodded. "I am leaving." " Leaving? " he sneered. "You still owe me for the space I have given you." He grabbed my arm as I walked past. I pulled my arm easily from his weak grip. Men may have found him strong; but I was not a man. I pushed him to the side and carried my pack out of the house, looking back at the dark door one last time. I rushed up the levels towards the stables. Only the noblest guardsmen kept their horses there; others kept them on the first level. I kept my hood up. The inhabitants carried on their normal days, but I felt them pass: the Nazgûl. I felt them, even with the long distance they kept from the city. I had not sensed their darkness in ages, but I knew it. I made it to the sixth level and neared the stable doors when they flung open. Boromir, the steward's son, looked down at me with a sneer. "I thought you were detained." "I confessed my sins," I said. I ran a finger down the rough fabric covering his chest. "I need to borrow a horse." "I do not accept your kind of payment," he said. "Try my men. They have only just returned from a long journey, and I am sure they would be happy to find a horse for you." I slipped into the closed doors of the stables. Boromir's men looked up at me. I leaned against the wall seductively. "May I please borrow a horse, my lord?" A blond man with a pinched face spoke first, "As if I would lend a horse to a common whore." The other men laughed along with him. "Not even if I paid for it?" I lifted my shirt up and pulled down the front of my trousers. "I assure my payment would be satisfactory." "This is the lewd behavior that got you punished." A dark-haired, prudish man spoke. I recognized him as one of the men that detained me. "They call me the wild woman for a reason," I answered. A dark-haired man with dark eyes stepped forward. "I'll let her use my horse." His eyes dragged up and down my body. "You will never get that horse back." Another man laughed. "He's getting old and weak. I had the stableman train another horse for me." He replied. "Do what you wish, but I am completing my work," the man concerned about the willing man's horse said. The willing man pushed me against the wall. The others left the stables with a grumble, all but the working man and the prudish man. A dark desire came over my body; for a moment, I believed it was the desire for the man standing before me, but it grew stronger. I did not want him; I wanted to cut his throat. As the urge passed I realized the man's lips were on my neck, and my hand was on the hidden knife in the fabric covering my breast. "There is no time," I answered. I pulled my knife and held it at his throat. He nearly fell backwards in shock. "Give me your fastest horse." He glared at me, sputtering with anger, his pants around his ankles. "I will have men chase you down." "I am not a common whore, you imbecile." I allowed my hood to fall back, revealing the point of my ear. "I could best ten of your greatest men. The only reason you managed to put me in that dungeon was that you had twenty men. I only count three in this room." He attempted to grab the knife from my hand. "That was a mistake." I sighed, using his own weight to force my knife into the side of his neck, right below the jaw. Blood spurted across my jacket. "That is disgusting," I sighed, pushing him away and inspecting the blood on my dark shirt. It was not noticeable. The prudish man picked up his sword and lunged at me with a yell as I did this. I slipped out of the aim of his blade. It lodged in the wooden wall of the stable. I punched him as he attempted to pull it out of the wall. He fell to the ground whimpering. "I will make it quick," I said straddling his waist. "They will chase you down," he seethed. His eyes burned with rage and hatred. I plunged my knife into the same spot in his neck. Blood pumped out around the silver. "I am counting on it." I pulled the blade out after I was far enough away from the blood splatter. The working man stared at me with silent fear. He inched towards his sword, which was leaned against a stable. "Do not worry, I will not kill you. I always leave someone alive to take the fall." I advanced towards him. He backed against the nearest wall fearfully. I threw a strong punch at his nose. He dropped like a rock. I found a dagger on a small table, tested its sharpness, dipped it in the blood of one of the men, and tossed it in the unconscious man's lap. I let out a girlish shriek for good measure. I was not willing to leave my own dagger. I threw open the stable doors and pulled my hood back over my head to disguise myself. I found the largest horse in the stables. He was a fierce, black stallion; he did not shy away from me with the blood on my hands. I took his reins and jumped onto his back. I galloped out of the stables, attracting the attention of the other men, who were making their way to the stables to find