Chapter 1 My head began aching – more and more as I slipped into consciousness. I was thrown over a shoulder, jostled violently with every step. "Rhava!" I looked over. I faintly saw the Merry and Pippin's curly russet hair before I groaned and let my head fall again, passing out despite intense nausea that was overcoming me. We were with the orcs for days. I was getting weaker with lack of food and water. The only thing that kept me alive was the hope that Aragorn and the others would be upon us soon – and the threat of darkness escaping me. Galadriel's warnings echoed in my mind: " Upon your death, the darkness living inside you will find another host. She has healed you many times to keep you healthy." " I cannot contain it. It is eating me away." Tears slid down my face. " You have to. It is your destiny." She poured a small amount of water into the basin. "Please, look into the mirror." I stepped forward nervously. Haldir gave me a reassuring nod from his spot at the edge of the clearing. I leaned over and looked into the still water. Images began swirling in the depths. I was fighting; my knives clashed against my enemies. Orcs were falling all around me. It was not just me. Other elves ran into the thick of battle behind me. I was yelling inaudible commands. My brother was just struck down – burned alive clutched in the hands of the Dark Lord himself. I inherited my brother's throne until She found me. She identified the Dark Lord's next threat and attacked me. She was a cloud of black smoke in the shape of a woman. She struck me in the shoulder with her sharp, whip-like touch and dissipated. I spun around, searching for my enemy. Another strike. I still searched. She continued her game until I was on my knees, begging for Her mercy. Then, She revealed herself: A woman with gray skin and obsidian hair. Her eyes were on fire. She smirked and clutched my throat. I choked and spat up blood from the wounds She had made in my stomach. That was when it happened: Isildur cut the ring from Sauron's hand. The Woman screeched and dropped me. She was wounded by Her Master's defeat. As She whimpered from her wounds, Her eyes met mine. She grinned wickedly through her pain and dissipated again. The black smoke that was once Her body was sucked into my skin. I screamed and convulsed. Every inch of my skin singed as if it were on fire, then healed itself. I faded into darkness. The water grew still. All I could see now was the reflection of the stars. The orcs shocked me from my thoughts. "We're not going no further until we've had a breather." They threw me roughly to the ground next to Merry and Pippin. I curled up in a ball, attempting to ignore the vomit rising in my throat from pure physical exhaustion and the spinning headache from my wound. "Get a fire going!" "Rhava, are you okay?" One of the hobbits whispered. I nodded as I groaned at the sore pain in my abdomen. The orcs began chopping at the trees, they groaned with every axe that split their bark. Fangorn. They are taking us to Isengard. We have to make it to the trees. I know this forest; I can get Merry and Pippin to safety as long as we make it into the forest. I t will not be easy if the orcs keep angering the trees. "What's that sound?" "It's the trees," I whispered. "They're angry." "What?" Merry answered his friend's question, "You remember the Old Forest, on the borders of Buckland? Folk used to say there was something in the water that made the trees grow tall, and come alive." "Alive?" "Trees that could whisper, talk to each other, even move." "The stories are true," I whispered. "We have to make it to the trees." An orc grabbed my shoulder and rolled me over on my back. I looked up at his gangly face with a sneer. "The Master said to bring them alive, that doesn't mean we can't do anything to them." He smirked at me with his rotted, jagged teeth and examined my body grossly. I spit in his face. The orc growled and kicked me in my ribs. A crunching sound followed. All of the air rushed from my lungs, leaving me a gasping, quivering mess. Tears spilled from the sharp pain. I rolled on my side and whimpered. "Don't touch her!" The leader commanded. "Are you okay?" Pippin asked. "He broke something," I panted. "A rib, maybe two." The Hobbits stared at me fearfully, unsure of what to do to help. "I'm starving. We ain't had nothing but maggoty bread for three stinking days!" An orc roared. A whiny voiced orc responded, "Yeah! Why can't we have some meat?!" He looked at us, "What about them? They're fresh." "They are not for eating." An Uruk pulled Merry and Pippin to their feet, and then he grabbed me by my waist and threw me on my feet. I toppled over and fell to my knees next to Merry and Pippin. Another vile creature stepped up, "What about their legs? They don't need those." He jumped towards us. "They look tasty." The leader pushed the orc back. "Get back, scum! The prisoners go to Saruman. Alive and unspoiled." "Alive? Why alive? Do they give good sport?" "They carry something. An Elvish weapon. The master needs it for the war." "They think we have the ring!" Pippin whispered. Saruman is winning two weapons in one sweep. "As soon as the find out we don't we're dead!" Merry looked at me. "Why do they want you?" I ignored him and focused on the orcs that were surrounding us. I hope the others are close. We will not last much longer here. "Just a mouthful, a bit of the flank." A gangly orc raised his blade at us from behind. The leader roared and chopped off the gangly orcs head. The vile thing fell over Merry and Pippin's shoulders and rolled to my knees. "Looks like meats back on the menu, boys!" They threw us back to the ground in their angry charge to reach the corpse. The orcs crowded around the dead body, throwing intestines and other appendages as they were feasting. "Merry, Pippin, go!" I whispered. The two crawled away; I closely followed, struggling with the pain in my side. I am not going to make it. An orc grabbed the Hobbits. "Go on. Call for help. Squeal. No one's going to save you now." He raised his blade. A spear flew through the air and pierced the orc on top of me. I flipped the orc over and placed his blade between my legs; I severed the rope around my wrists quickly. I crawled to Merry and Pippin and cut their bonds as well. "Go!" I yelled, seeing another orc advancing on us. "Run!" Before I could run after them, he caught my waist – the same vile one that was looking at me so obscenely – so hungrily. He smiled, showing his rotted teeth again. He threw me onto my back and attempted to thrust his sword in me. I caught his arm in time. I punched him in the face and he recoiled for a moment – and then, with a growl, he struck me hard in the face. My teeth sliced my bottom lip and my mouth filled with thick, hot blood. I spat the blood back in his face. I regretted fighting as he raised his blade over his head and readied to strike. I closed my eyes and readied myself for death, but all that followed was a pained screech from the orc on top of me. He collapsed with a last groan. Horses stampeded around me. Screeches from orcs and men came from every direction. Yet, somehow, I managed to throw the large orc off me and run through the mayhem – I do not remember the trip. I only remember waking safely in the cover of the trees after succumbing to the unconsciousness from my own blood loss. I awoke to a loud flurry of Elvish – it was the voice of a lord. A man responded – a lord's voice, as well – but, it was not an elf's voice. Even from a distance, I could hear the cracks and inflections that are only present in the voice of a human. Once I heard that distinct grunting from that dwarf, I knew. I could not call out to them. I could not move. I had not had food or drink in nearly a week. I would die here if they could not find me. To my great luck, Aragorn is a great tracker. I opened my eyes in the dim light of the forest. There was an orc lying on top of me – how I killed it, I do not know – but all of its weight was on me. "Rhava," Legolas gasped. I wheezed a response under the weight of the Uruk. He threw the orc off me – air rushed into my lungs finally. He crouched to my side and held a canteen to my lips. I nearly drank all of his water before I found strength enough to sit up. Legolas helped me up; I rested my head on his shoulder as the others made their way into the clearing. "It was not hard to track me, I gather?" I croaked. "There was a trail of blood," Legolas responded, touching the scar on my lips and then the cuts on my legs. "How are you alive?" he whispered with a concerned, yet thankful, look. "I thought I made it clear why I am so hard to kill," I croaked. He cleared his throat uncomfortably. "Do we have Lembas bread left?" he asked Aragorn and Gimli. Rustling followed and Legolas held a piece of Lembas to my lips. I took small bites to avoid aggravating the cuts on my lips. "Go, find Merry and Pippin, we will follow," I croaked to the others, who were watching our behavior suspiciously from behind Legolas. Once they had left the clearing, Legolas's lips were on mine. His kiss was gentle, seeing the purple bruise and scar on my bottom lip. "I thought you were dead," he breathed after parting from the kiss. "So did I." I laughed weakly. The Lembas bread was giving me strength. "Can you stand?" he asked, looking off to where Aragorn and Gimli had disappeared to. "Yes," I groaned. I did not want to, but I could. Legolas pulled something from his back: my bow. "You dropped this," he explained. "And you carried it for me," I stated in disbelief. "I couldn't save your quill, but you can use my arrows –" I cut his sentence short with a kiss. His usually stoic face lit up with a wide smile. "I also found these," he grinned as he presented my knives – the light-colored wood was burned slightly, and it looked like some of the gold had been misshaped from heat – but at least I would have them. "What do I get for that?" "An orc must have taken them off me," I whispered, taking one of the knives from his hands. I would have to get them repaired – I just hoped I could find someone who knew how to handle them. My brother had given them to me when we lived in Lindon – they were from the Grey Havens. So many parts had been replaced on them over time that they had basically become new knives, except for the gold. I had always managed to save the gold. "They are important to you," Legolas observed. "Yes," I said simply. I leaned