Disclaimer: Twilight and its affiliates belong to Stephenie Meyer and Summit/Lionsgate. The rest is my own concoction. A/N This o/s was submitted into the Endless Hope Contest but due to lack of submissions, the contest was postponed. I will definitely consider writing something new by that time, but felt I should make this o/s available now. It is loosely based on my own dating experiences... The Wrong Letter of the Alphabet Walking into one of the few bars Port Angeles has to offer twenty-something college graduates, I scan the room, looking for a familiar face. Before I can make a full circuit, my name is called and I spot Angela waving me over enthusiastically. "Bella! I'm so happy to see you!" she exclaims warmly, enveloping me in a hug. "Me too, thanks for inviting me," I reply. "Of course!" she waves me off, pointing to an empty chair at the table. "When your mom told my mom you were moving back I knew I had to take the chance to reconnect. I'm so sorry for not staying in touch like we promised…" I feel what has to be the first genuine smile in probably weeks spread on my face. I have truly missed Angela, only now realizing this. "Hey, it takes two to tango. I wasn't exactly a good pen pal either," I say in return. And just like that, it's like we haven't spent the last seven years apart, and jump into an animated conversation of catching up. Over the next hour and a half, and several cocktails, I learn that she has completed a degree in teaching at UW and currently teaches fifth grade at the elementary school in Port Angeles. The rock on her left ring finger tells me she is engaged, and after some probing and giggling, she tells me about her fiancé, Ben Cheney. "Wait, you mean the Ben Cheney, who lived down the street from you?" She nods. "The short, shy kid?" She nods again. "Didn't he move away after our sophomore year?" "Actually, he graduated that year," she corrects me. Color me stunned. "Ben Cheney is older than us?" I all but yell across the bar. We both dissolve in a fit of giggles. After the waiter drops off another round of drinks, I have regained enough composure to enquire further. "So, how did this happen? It's not like you hung out or anything back in Forks." Angela goes on to tell me she ran into Ben in the library at UW – literally. "I'm talking books flying, limbs tangling, bodies crashing to the floor…" she laughs. "It was a mess. But he was so adorable as he tried not to look up my skirt while I was lying there. And then he offered to buy me a coffee to apologize. That was freshman year. This summer he proposed and we're getting married next May." I envy the blissful smile and star-filled eyes of my friend, but can't deny I'm happy for her. Angela has always been a sweet girl and she deserves her fairy tale. "I remember you dated that guy Jacob in high school," Angela changes the subject. "How did that work out?" I chuckle. "That relationship was pretty much doomed from the start. We were more off than on for most of it, and when I left for college it died pretty quickly." To be honest, I'm not sure I ever felt for Jake the way a girlfriend should. Our fathers are best friends, so from an early age we were regularly thrown together, making mud pies and hanging out at the Quileute reservation where they still live. When I started growing boobs, Jake developed a crush on me, which was encouraged by our parents because of some romantic notion that we'd tie our families together. Eventually, I started to believe that we could be more than friends and agreed to be his girlfriend. We finally broke up when I moved to New York for college, while he stayed home to work in his friend's body shop. "I still see him on occasion, you know, Fourth of July and such. He actually married Leah Clearwater a couple of years ago and they have a son now." Truth be told, Jacob has always been more like a brother to me. The one and only time we had sex, just before I left for New York, confirmed for the both of us that we were better off that way. A small shudder runs through me at the thought of sleeping with him – not because I never loved him, but because the whole situation was too awkward. "Yeah, high school relationships hardly ever last," Angela agrees. "At least this one didn't break your heart." Unfortunately for me, many more tried, and some almost succeeded. I've always tried to be honest in my relationships, hoping that karma would work in my favor. In the end, I'm the one who has to spend the rest of my life with me, so what's the point in trying to change who I am just so someone temporary will like me better? At least, that's what I've learned through trial and error. Of course, there was the slightly awkward guy I ended up dating for a few weeks at the start of my freshman year of college because his very cute friend – of the tall, dark and muscular variety – hooked up with my roommate – of the tall, blonde and statuesque variety – and it would be rude to dump him straight away simply because I initially preferred said friend. What can I say – I'm a pleaser who disguises as a teaser. Karma got back at me, as was to be expected, with a slew of bad dates and guys stringing me along. There was the blind date who turned out to be almost a head shorter than me, which is an accomplishment on its own, and who felt the need to compensate for that with flashy clothes and pictures of his muscle car back home. "How on earth did that happen?" Angela questions, and I can only shrug. "Beats me. The girl who set us up swore he would be perfect for me." "Clearly she didn't know you very well if she thought you'd value that." "Yeah, it's safe to say that friendship didn't last," I laugh. After that, I hooked up with a guy who was pledging one of the fraternities. We had fun, and I felt we were really hitting it off, but he always came up with some sort of excuse to get out of any social gatherings where he could be seen with me. I gave him the benefit of the doubt for a while, but eventually I grew tired of his evasive behavior. The proverbial straw was when his entire frat house had assembled in the entryway to greet me with applause and cat calls after our last night together. "They managed to turn my departure into a walk of shame," I fume, the alcohol in my system allowing me to feel some residual anger. "That must have been so embarrassing," Angela sympathizes. "Actually, I was more angry than embarrassed. Still am. I just turned right back around into his room, leaving the door open for the audience, and dumped him. Then when I left, I made sure to 'accidentally' drag the sheet off, exposing his tiny dick." Angela raises her glass in a toast to that and we order another round before I continue. Early on in my sophomore year I ended up randomly watching a movie with a quiet, slightly nerdy guy I had seen around campus before. We were the only two people in the audience of an art house screening, which surprised me. Jasper, although a bit on the geeky side, was also a frat boy, and those weren't exactly known for having high cultural standards. My previous experience had also made me leery of them. He was on a scholarship, though, and worked hard to maintain his grades so as to keep it. Joining the fraternity was an added opportunity. After the movie he shyly invited me for coffee, and pretty soon we were practically inseparable. He swept me off my feet with sweet and chivalrous gestures and his initial adoration of me. In return I took him shopping in Tribeca and made an effort to replace his ill-fitting clothes with a more current wardrobe-on-a-budget. The shy history nerd turned into a chick magnet, especially once his shaggy blond hair was cropped shorter and he traded in his thick glasses for contacts. "He was a military brat from Texas," I explain to Angela. "But he spent most of high school at Camp Pendleton. He was pretty much the polar opposite of Jacob: a bit on the scrawny side, but still toned. Blond, blue eyes. And I actually felt a physical attraction. I'd never had that with a boyfriend; it was either 'because everyone was doing it' and 'it was expected' or just scratching an itch." Angela smiles at me in understanding. "Of course I can't speak from experience," she says. "But I kind of get it. You wanted to take part in the whole 'college experience' and for most people, that includes random hook-ups." Glad she's not judging me for my slightly promiscuous behavior – and I haven't even scratched the surface yet at this point – I continue. Jasper came home with me over winter break, and I joined him in Southern California during Spring Break, visiting his family. For some reason, he started pulling away after that, and we broke up not long after. To say I was upset would be an understatement, and I couldn't wait for finals to be over so I could go home. "I remember that summer," Angela chimes in. "You were even quieter than you used to be, but you didn't want to talk about it." "To be honest I just wanted to forget about the whole thing, so I made it a point to ignore it. Not that it helped…" He was still distant the first few times we ran into each other when school started again. After a while I got sick of it and confronted him with his behavior, figuring it would be stupid to pretend to avoid each other when we were bound to run into each other on a regular basis. It took some persuading, but eventually he said he had fallen in love with a girl back home. I didn't think anything of it, until he admitted he had been drawn to her since meeting her during Spring Break. When realization hit, I was speechless. Slowly, random things from those last few weeks began to make sense, like how we hadn't spent the night together since, and he was always texting furiously. "That jerk!" Angela exclaims. "He was stringing you along?" "Well, he assured me he hadn't acted on his growing feelings for her until after we had broken up, and I believed him. There was no reason not to." A few days later he showed up at my dorm room, a sullen look on his face. He crashed onto my couch and launched into a lamenting apology for his unexpected visit. "I feel like such an ass! I broke up with you because of her, and then she dumps me like it's no big deal, like this summer meant nothing to her! I was a fool to let you go. Will you please forgive me?" Still stupidly in love with him – he was my first grown-up boyfriend, after all – I didn't think and happily took him back. "Oh, Bella…" "Come on, Ang, I was barely twenty. What did I know?" Over the next month or two I referred to him, to the few friends I had, as my boyfriend again. In reality, we barely hung out in public, Jasper claiming a busy schedule, and when we did