Doggy Dating (Correct my autocorrect) Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer and Summit own the rights to the Twilight franchise and its affiliates. These words, however, are the product of my own imagination. No copyright infringement intended, but also, please don't copy as your own. A/N This story was submitted to the Fandom for Mental Health compilation, as a reward for making a donation to one of the organizations that work to help people dealing with mental health issues. Mental health issues will affect everyone at some point in their lives, be it directly or indirectly. For someone I once considered a friend and valued colleague – unfortunately, circumstances caused us to lose touch for a while – help was too late, as he had hidden his depression extremely well. Therefore, I dedicate this submission to Job; may you have found the peace of mind you so desperately sought. I hope this light and fluffy story will brighten your mood today. Sandi Layne looked it over for me. The lovely banner (see my blog) was made by TKegl. "Jazzy, come here boy!" I call out, watching with delight as my puppy rushes to me. At five months old, he is still a little wobbly on his feet, especially when he is excited. He jumps into my arms, slobbering kisses over my face and neck as I praise him. I have chosen a quieter part of the dog park today, because I want to practice some commands off the leash. He's already pretty obedient, but I don't want him distracted by other dogs right now. So far, so good. We continue with a game of fetch, and I challenge him by asking him to release his ball mid-game. He is bounding over to me again when a little ball of fur catches my attention. A small dog crashes into me, happily licking my hands when I reach out to her. "Hey, cutie pie, where did you come from?" I ask, looking around for the owner but not seeing anyone just yet. Jazzy approaches cautiously, not sure what to make of the intruder. His curly tail is wagging, though, and he carefully sniffs the other puppy. Before long, they are twisting around each other and rolling over the ground, the sounds of their grunts and panting accentuating their play. I take out my phone to capture the moment on video. Watching pugs play together is about as adorable as it gets. I switch to taking a few pictures, admiring the way the afternoon sun plays on Jazzy's fawn coat and the other dog's black one in the luscious green of the park. After a few minutes there is still no sign of an owner. I call both puppies to me and check the black one's collar. There is a bone-shaped tag stating the dog's name and a phone number. "Well, Pixie," I say, scratching behind her ears, "let's give them a call, shall we?" She responds by licking my nose and scampering off to play with Jazzy again. I dial the number. Just when I think the call will go to voicemail, it is answered with a breathless, "Hello?" "Hi, I think I found your dog…" "Pixie? She's with you?" "Yes, she came running over a few minutes ago." "Where are you?" I explain my location and give a brief description of myself. Soon, a tall guy with russet hair appears, sinking to his knees in relief when he sees Pixie. He picks her up and cuddles her close, then turns around to address me. "Thank you so much! She got spooked by a group of bigger dogs and then I couldn't find her." It takes a while for my brain to connect with my mouth and formulate a response, mesmerized as I am by the man standing in front of me. He is not just tall; he is built , but not in an overly muscular way. Rather, he looks fit and toned, defined in all the right places. He is wearing a pair of well-worn jeans and a black, long-sleeved shirt, tattoos peeking out along the edges. They have me intrigued, curious as to what is hidden beneath. His hair is in casual disarray, highlighted by the sun. His eyes are obscured by a pair of aviator sunglasses. This might be for the best, because I'm not sure I could handle much more at this point. A chiseled jaw covered in a few days' worth of stubble frames a blinding smile; perfectly straight, white teeth, and lips full enough to be lickable yet masculine. Finally, I manage to shake myself from my stupor, thankful for my own sunglasses to hide my blatant ogling. "Oh uhm… yeah, no problem," I squeak out, then clear my throat. "She's adorable. How old is she?" He puts Pixie down and she happily returns to playing with Jazzy. "Four months. Yours?" "Jazzy is five months." He nods and we watch them play for a bit in companionable silence. Eventually he announces that he needs to leave for work, and calls Pixie over to attach a leash to her collar. "Thanks again, …?" "Bella," I offer. "Bella," he repeats with a smile. "I'm Edward." We smile at each other, both perhaps slightly embarrassed at leaving the introductions until now. "So yeah, thanks again. I'll see you around, I guess." With that, he walks away, and I'm left staring at his retreating form until Jazzy demands my attention again. I might sneak a few glances over my shoulder until he vanishes from sight, though. o.O.o In the evening I'm catching up with my friend Angela over a few bottles of wine. We met in college and now work in the same bookshop. We don't always work the same shifts, though, so we make it a point to get together outside of work from time to time. She has just finished telling me about the trip she is planning with her boyfriend when my phone chimes with an incoming message. I cannot help my smile as I read it. Hi. Sorry I had to run earlier. Was running late for an appointment. – Edward I look up when Angela squeals excitedly. "What?" "Who's the guy?" My blush is instantaneous, so I try to hide it by engaging Jazzy in a game of tug-of-war. "Come on, Bella, you can tell me. I know that smile." "I don't know what you're talking about." "It's the same smile I had when I'd just met Ben. Tell me," she begs, and I know I won't be able to deny her. I give her a quick recap of the afternoon's events and show her the pictures I took of the puppies. She oohs and aahs in all the right places, and giggles at the dogs' antics in the video. "You should text him back! Even if it's only to send him the pics of his dog." I agree, already having made up my mind when I first read his text, and ask her to refill our drinks in the meantime. No worries. By the way, I took some pics and a vid of our dogs together. I can send them over if you want. – Bella His reply comes almost immediately, including his e-mail address. Yes please! I attach the files and hit send , just as Angela returns with a new bottle of wine and a plate of chocolates. "So, tell me more about this guy. Is he hot?" "Like you wouldn't believe!" I delve into my mental description of earlier, which has Angela applauding me for "scoring his number". I gently remind her that it was on his puppy's tag, but she waves off my argument. "Sure, you would've called anyway to reunite puppy and owner, but how convenient is it that said owner is, in your own words, hotter than a supernova in the fires of inferno," she points out, laughing. We may have polished off that new bottle during my description of Edward. Either way, I'm in hysterics too. When my phone chimes with another text, I knock it to the floor in my attempt to grab it off the table. Giggling, I reach for it while trying to remain on the couch. Angela ends up holding on to my jeans to prevent me from face-planting into the rug. She hands me my refilled wineglass and I take a big gulp – we're past the point of sipping now – as I read the latest text. Cute pics and vid :) Not sure what you meant with your last text… Confused, I scroll up, only to groan in embarrassment. Angela takes notice and grabs the phone from me, eager to read what has me so worked up. " I nailed you ? Are you serious, Bella?" "It's the stupid autocorrect," I grumble, taking the phone back. Typing out a response may take me several tries due to my inebriated state, but I finally manage to save face. Hopefully. Sorry, that was meant to say I e-mailed you. Which you obviously received. I'll go drown my sorrow over that fail now. Bye. I put the phone down again, resigned never to hear from Edward again after that. o.O.o The next morning I wake up groggy and thirsty, unsure of what actually woke me up. After switching on the lamp on my bedside table, I rule out Jazzy as the cause, because he looks up at me sleepily from his bed. I then notice the light on my phone blinking, signaling a message. The vibration must have woken me. I pick up the phone, then lift Jazzy onto the bed. He settles into the crook of my arm and continues snoring. After placing a kiss to his soft fur and breathing in his puppy scent, I pull up my messages to see several new ones from Edward. Don't worry about it. I text the most embarrassing stuff sometimes ;) – Edward Hm… no response. I guess you were serious about drowning your sorrow… Good morning shit stain! Hope the hangover isn't too bad – Edward Shit! That was meant to say sunshine… See what I mean about embarrassing? I smile at the messages and his thoughtfulness, and quickly type out a response. Lol, glad to see I'm not the only one affected. Hangover isn't too bad, just in need of coffee. – Bella Getting up, I pull on some sweats and sneakers. Jazzy is still a little scared to jump off the bed, so I lift him down to the floor. I let him out onto the balcony, where I have sectioned off a little area for him to do his business. When I get back inside there is a new message on my phone. Could I treat you to breakfast? It's the least I can do to thank you for your help yesterday. – Edward Taking Angela's advice to heart, I am quick to reply. Immediately, I curse autocorrect and my quick fingers. You bitch! Sorry, I meant to say 'you betcha!' – Bella Thankfully, his reply doesn't take long, and I'm glad to see he has a sense of humor. Again, no worries. Happens to me all the time. Anyway, shall we meet at the dog park? I don't recall any food stands there… I'll bring a picnic. Not much of a cook, but I make a mean penis butter and jelly sandwich. PEANUT! Why does this keep happening? – Edward I can't help but laugh and decide to tease him a bit. Well, just make sure the cocks are not shaken. I'd hate for jizz to blow up in my face… I wonder how he'll take this. Would he consider it too forward? Then again, I didn't get the impression he'd be that easily offended. He doesn't keep me waiting long, and also doesn't disappoint. Fine, I won't shake my cock before giving it to you. Should I also bring some juicy assholes? Looks like it'll be an interesting picnic. Meet