Disclaimer : Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight and its affiliates. I just play. A/N This o/s was entered into the Meet the Mate contest. It actually won Best Original Storyline! There were 79 entries, which were all excellent, and I readily invite you to check all of them out! This particular story is actually an original story that I'm working on, and decided to turn it Twi for this contest. Needless to say, I'm humbled by the positive response it has gotten so far and will definitely be continuing it! GeekChick was my beta for this one, and Twilly preread. I've just gotten out of a study group for the course I'm taking on Roman funerary monuments, when I notice I have several text messages and missed calls. I pull up the call log; only one name is listed: Maggie . This alone tells me I should wait until I get home before reading her messages and calling her back. "Izzy, want to go grab lunch and outline this essay?" my assignment partner, Charlotte, asks. I hesitate, knowing Maggie would not reach out to me if it weren't important. "Oh, come on. You know you'll have to eat anyway. Why not kill two birds with one stone?" "Fine. But we'll have to be quick. My uhm… cousin just texted me, and I'll have to call her back soon." "Nothing serious, I hope?" the dark-haired girl asks, her honey-colored eyes worried. "Probably not," I lie, plastering on a stage smile. "Let's get going before all the tables are occupied." Charlotte munches on her sandwich as I move the food around on my tray. She is blissfully unobservant of my picking, and I manage to keep her occupied by focusing on our assignment. Once we've agreed on a timeline and have scheduled a few meetings, I excuse myself and hurry home, where I pull out my phone and check my messages. Call me. I have news. Seriously, it's important. Why aren't you picking up? Call me back as soon as you get this message. I need to talk to you. The voicemail messages are even more urgent, and I start to worry. It's not like Maggie to be so cryptic and vague, let alone pressing. Usually, she lets me know where to go and when, and things will sort themselves out almost naturally. Not wasting any more time, I hit the speed dial. She picks up on the second ring. "Finally!" she exclaims. "I was beginning to think you were ignoring me!" "I was in class," I remind her. "What's going on?" "You may want to take the semester off. Possibly the rest of the year." "There'd better be a good reason for me to uproot this soon," I warn her. Maggie descends from my mother's family and has inherited some of its magic. She has a strong sense of foreboding, and most of her dreams are actually premonitions. I trust her implicitly, but I'm hesitant in following directions without knowing their origin. "You know I wouldn't ask you to unless it was important. The dreams are about you lately. And they're always the same. You need to act on them now. You're running out of time." That piques my interest, and I ask her to explain. "I see you traveling," she begins, and her voice takes on a dreamy quality, like it always does when she's regaling one of her visions. "There is a powerful man with you, but he doesn't realize his significance. He's the one you've been waiting for. But he's in danger…" Her words transport me back to a time long ago, and apprehension settles upon me. I know I will need to contact my sire, Rosalie. I haven't seen or talked to her in a while – that while being over a decade – and we didn't part under the best of circumstances. Knowing I need her help and that postponing it will only make things more difficult, I finally scroll to her number in my phone "Isabella, my child, it's so good to hear from you. To what do I owe this pleasure?" Her sensuous, strangely-accented voice feels like coming home after a long journey. In a way, she is kind of like home to me, one of the few constants in my ever-changing existence. "Do I need a reason to call my dear sister?" I stall. "Oh, and I go by Izzy these days." "Very well, Izzy ," she emphasizes. "Of course you don't need a reason, but I have a feeling you're not just calling to catch up on the last ten years." "Speaking of which, how is Emmett?" "He's wonderful. Thank you for asking. We ran into a little trouble in the beginning, but fortunately the chaos back then helped cover it up, and we relocated to Alaska for a while. This week has been a bit difficult for him, though…" "I'm glad things worked out for the two of you," I say sincerely. "I hope you didn't take my departure too personally?" "Of course not! I had all but forgotten that little spat already. Now, tell me. What has you so worried that you call me so unexpectedly?" I explain to her what Maggie told me. When I'm finished, she's quiet for a while. "For some reason this reminds me of Delphi…" she muses, confirming my own suspicions that Maggie's premonition is the beginning of finding the answer to a centuries-old question. "Can you scry with her? As soon as you have a location, we'll meet you there." o.O.o After my call to Rosalie, I call Maggie back, telling her I will make the drive down as soon as I get things settled here. Then I fabricate a family emergency – which isn't a complete lie – to explain my sudden leave of absence from university. The last thing I do before packing a bag and locking up my house is call Charlotte, giving her the same story and apologizing for bailing on her during our assignment. She reacts as expected. Concern laces through her words as she assures me she will manage, especially since the professor will be notified of the circumstances. Needless to say, she is surprised when I tell her I'm in the process of e-mailing her the research I've already completed on our topic, which is quite substantial and will guarantee a high grade on her paper. It's the least I can do. Maggie greets me at the street level front door leading up to her tiny apartment, offering me a hug in welcome before guiding me up the stairs and into her home. She offers me a glass of red wine while she pours herself another cup of tea – cranberry green tea, based on the aroma – and rummages through a pile of papers on her coffee table. I immediately cut to the chase and ask her if she has any more information to share with me, knowing we're dealing with a looming deadline. "The premonition is the same. But last night I got a better look at the man who's with you…" She hands me a sketchbook, flipping it open to the second-to-last entry. Striking green eyes stare at me from the paper. They are framed by ridiculously thick lashes, heavy but sculpted eyebrows over them. The drawing is only of the top half of a face, and Maggie explains that she wasn't able to see the rest of it. Shaggy reddish brown hair surrounds it, most of it obscured, though, by some sort of head covering. "There's more," she says, turning the page. On it is a vivid image of a Chinese-style dragon, running across an upper arm, shoulder blade, and down the right side of a torso, the head taking up most of the ribcage. The drawing is mostly in grays, but there are a few brightly-colored accents in the beast's claws, tail, and head. I find myself tracing the lines and admiring the shading, wondering if it's Maggie's artistic skills or the quality of the tattoo that makes it come to life as much as it does. The ancient prophecy I received at Delphi comes to the forefront of my mind, and I study the drawings intently, somehow recognizing details of it in them. Man of the elements… old bonds, new world… sign of the dragon… Could this really be him? I am pulled from my thoughts when she hands me my refilled glass. "Sorry I couldn't give you more details on him, but hopefully this will at least help," she says apologetically. "Of course it will," I assure her. "Thank you so much. Besides, there's another way you can help right now." Putting the sketchbook aside, I down my drink before elaborating. "If I'm to protect him, I need to know where to search for him. I know how to scry, but adding your power will make the outcome more accurate." "Of course." She nods. "Do you have something we can use as a pendant?" I pull out the pouch I always carry with me. In it is an assortment of gems, stones, and crystals, all with different attributes. Maggie grabs an atlas from her bookcase and clears a space on the dining room table. She opens it up at a world map, since we have no clue what continent on which to even begin our search. We hold hands while I dangle the crystal, tied to a long string of cotton, over the map, letting it sway gently. I can feel our combined power course through me into the crystal, guiding its course. I call Rosalie to provide her with an update and to coordinate any travel details. "Are you sure?" she questions. "Yes. We double-checked. That's why it took so long." "It's such an unusual place for a magical gathering," she muses aloud. "I'm sure there's a good reason I'm being sent there. Maggie is going to take me to the airport as soon we hang up. Where are you?" "We're in Australia. We'll fly out of Sydney. Alice happens to have a property in the area; we can stay there. I'll give her a call." o.O.o Alice meets me at the airport in a brand new, flashy silver convertible with dark tinted windows. The drive is spent making small talk and catching up as she tells me about attending college here, majoring in fashion this time around. "I mean, I've seen and worn so many styles… Why not revive some of my favorites?" She then regales me with anecdotes about her sorority sisters. "Can you believe it? Me, a Tri-Delt! But it's so much fun! Especially after my last attempt at an American college experience…" We both grimace at the memory of that particular incident in the mid-seventies, when we had to relocate overnight after a hippie-meets-frat party took a turn for the worse. Even in rush-hour traffic, she manages to get us to Malibu in under an hour. "Well, here we are," she announces as we turn onto a private driveway through a tall automated gate. " Mi casa es su casa , as they say around here." Her giggle is lost on me as I take in the sight before me. The house is a typical Southern California mix of old-world elegance and pompous grandeur. "I simply had to have it when I first saw it," she offers as explanation. "Imagine the parties I can host here!" "As long as you refrain from throwing parties like those I pulled you out of," the voice of our sire warns jokingly from the other side of the garden. If she were still capable of blushing, Alice would be beet red by now. It's no secret that the kind of party Rosalie is referring to is an orgy, which had been all but outlawed at the time of their meeting. Alice has never been one to shy away from adventure. Our sire ran into her at a party in early-Augustan