Disclaimer: Twilight isn't mine. The Christmas party described below comes from my own experience, though. A/N: This o/s was submitted into the Beneath the Mistletoe contest. Lellabeth, one of the judges, loved it so much it won Judge's Pick :) Beta'd by LG Castillo and Rebecca Leonard. Trying to suppress a shudder at the sugar bomb Alice calls a drink, I take a sip from my simple Caramelatte. "Are you sure you don't want to try this Tim Tam Choc Raspberry Chiller?" she asks. "It's delish!" "No thanks, I'll have a Tim Tam the regular way." "Suit yourself," she says, shrugging, then proceeds to check off her list. "I can't believe you made a shopping list for this," I wonder aloud. "It never hurts to be prepared," she replies matter-of-factly. And I have to hand it to her: with her meticulous planning she usually manages to whip up something amazing in a limited amount of time and even with limited funds. Apparently this time that included a trip to one of the malls in Coffs, because the general store in Woopi didn't have all the supplies we need. Or so she told me. "Well, I've got the stuff for Jazzo's costume, so we're next. Have you thought of something yet?' "I don't know, can't I just get a Santa hat and call it a day?" I ask, though I know it's futile. "Absolutely not!" she exclaims indignantly, drawing the attention of half the patrons in Gloria Jean's. "It's a fancy dress Christmas Eve party. Can you at least try to make an effort?" She bats her lashes at me, adding a pout for good measure, and I know I'm going to cave. "Alright, I'll have a look," I concede. "But nothing too flashy!" We make a quick stop at the Ute to put our purchases in the back before we continue through the mall. We end up at our new favorite store, Cotton On. Alice likes it because of the quirky prints and cute styles. For me, the cheap basics pull me in. I finally settle on a burgundy playsuit, intending to staple tinsel to it and adding the previously mentioned Santa hat and knee-high red socks with green bows, while Alice opts for a deep green strappy mini dress and sparkly thongs. After stocking up on decorations and accessories, we head back to the Ute Jasper let us borrow and drive the thirty minutes back up along the coast, singing along with Triple J at the top of our lungs. It's amazing to think how quickly we have settled into a routine here. We arrived mid-November for a surf break, thinking it would be a fun weekend at the beach. As it turns out, my clumsy ass can be rather graceful on a board, and I spent every free moment in the water. Alice was more partial to the lanky surf instructor with the shaggy blonde hair. Or it could have been his Australian accent. Either way, the feeling was mutual, and it didn't take too long for us to decide to extend our stay. A week later we were offered a job in the reception/shop and moved into the staff quarters, although Alice spends most nights at Jasper's apartment. I'm happy to practice my moves and look forward to testing my skills in the significantly cooler waters of the Pacific Northwest when – or if – I eventually return there. Life is good here, though, and I'm in no hurry to leave. o.O.o Christmas Eve finds us putting the finishing touches to our outfits. Fancy dress or themed parties are a big thing here, so I agreed to make a bit of an effort. For someone who really doesn't like Christmas I must admit I am rather excited for tonight. The fact that we're on a beach and the temperature is in the high nineties definitely adds to the allure. Not freezing my ass off is a big plus in my book. Another thing that I like about this Christmas celebration is that it's not religious at all – with the exception of the nun costume an academy member got for the occasion. Instead, it's all surf and fun, and most people make it a point to come up with the craziest costumes, usually with a naughty touch. "Did you know that Morgs plans on wearing that silly apron, nothing else?" Alice giggles. "You're kidding? That ought to be interesting…" I mutter. Truth be told, most of the surfers here seem to enjoy walking around in as little clothing as possible. In my time here I have seen my fair share of male nudity. I guess it's part of the atmosphere. Dinner is buzzing with people anticipating the night's events. A group of regulars has been invited to organize some games and entertainment, and they've been very secretive of their plans so far. The girls from the merchandise shack have spent all day putting up decoration, including outfitting a palm tree with Christmas ornaments. After dinner, I wash the salt and sand from my hair, accumulated over the last two days spent on the waves. I slip on an oversized singlet – my standard attire here – and decide to take a walk on the beach, knowing it'll be a while before the party starts. The tide is just going back out, leaving the sand firm and littered with sea shells. I pick up a few, thinking they can make a nice pendant. From a distance a couple is approaching, obviously engrossed in each other, and I avert my eyes. When they pass me I recognize them as the disgustingly sweet Swedish couple, working in the camp kitchen together. "Bella, hey, are you excited for tonight?" the guy, Dan, asks. I nod and muster a smile, "Just relaxing a bit for now." They share a look in a silent exchange before the girl, Denise, takes a step closer to me, a huge smile lighting up her face. "Dan just proposed!" she announces. "Oh wow, that's great! Congratulations!" I say sincerely, hugging them both. I take a moment to admire the modest yet stunning ring now gracing her finger. They tell me they might do a ceremony on the beach here and I offer my help in organizing it. When they continue back to the camp to Skype their parents and get ready for the party, I turn to look out over the ocean while the sun sets behind me. A dark form in the waves catches my attention and I smile when I identify it as a dolphin. The sight instantly takes me back a week or two, not too long after we decided to stay through at least December. o.O.o I wasn't taking part in the lessons anymore, since they are aimed at true beginners. Instead, I tend to paddle out with some of the off-duty instructors. They give me useful pointers to improve my technique and I won't be hindered by the clusters that sometimes form in the lessons. Others enjoying an extended stay join in on occasion, and it's usually heaps of fun. This particular day was very surreal. I had woken up, not to the hustle and bustle of the staff quarters, but in a quiet cabin on the other side of the camp, overlooking the creek. Its occupants were an American and his girlfriend from Tennessee, and his British cousin. I had the pleasure of checking them in the day before and had been immediately drawn to the cousin, Edward. We 'happened' to sit near them for dinner and I made it a point to join in on that evening's games. After the second round of games, and well into my box of goon, we stumbled across the bridge to the beach for a moonlit stroll. We were barely out of sight of the camp when he tackled me to the ground and kissed me silly. After making out on the beach for a while we snuck back to his cabin. He did take the time to warn his cousin to give us some privacy, so they wouldn't return for a few hours. Edward's bunk was the bottom one at the back, and he had tied a towel and a sarong around it, creating a small cubicle. We struggled a bit getting in because we couldn't stop kissing long enough for it to be smooth. Instead, we barely managed to leave the partitions up but pretty much fell into the bunk. We hurriedly undressed each other, which didn't take too long because he only wore swimmers and a T-shirt while I had pulled an oversized singlet over my bikini. As soon as my top came off, his lips latched onto my nipple and I arched my back in response. The single bunk restricted our movements considerably, but that didn't stop him from exploring as much of my skin as possible. Impatient for more, I pushed down his swimmers and grasped him in my hand. He made a strangled sound, somewhere between a gasp and a moan, as his eyes cut to mine. "Condom?" I asked. "Bag," he replied. "Let me just…" He darted out of the bed and I quickly rid myself of the last few scraps of fabric. Once he was back between my legs, sheathed in latex, we fumbled a bit, the alcohol catching up on us. When he finally managed to slip inside, I involuntarily closed my eyes while his head dropped to my shoulder. The bunk didn't allow for much creativity, so it was rather straightforward. Nevertheless, it felt pretty good, the way he moved inside me. He came much too soon for me, but did have the presence of mind to work me with his fingers until I was a panting mess. He didn't bother disposing properly of the condom, instead simply tossing it under the bed to pick up in the morning, before wrapping me up in his arms. I fell asleep to his breath on my neck and our legs entwined. o.O.o The next morning we were awoken by the wake-up call – a camp employee knocking on the door – because they had their first lesson. Camp culture is very relaxed and open-minded, so hardly anyone batted an eye when I emerged from Edward's cabin and joined him in the breakfast queue. During breakfast Morgs announced the schedule for that day; Edward, Emmett and Rosalie were assigned to Jasper's and Olivier's group. "Oh, you'll have fun with Jazzo and Ollie!" I gushed. "Just try not to laugh when Ollie mispronounces some words. He's French," I further clarified. "It's so cool how you're familiar with all of these guys," Emmett said. "Must be convenient to be able to surf with them whenever." I could only agree. "Are you surfing too?" Edward asked. I shook my head, "Not this morning. I'm working in reception. But we can paddle out in the arvo?" "I'd like that," he whispered in my ear, his breath sending a shiver down my spine. After breakfast I pointed them in the direction of the surf school and quickly changed into a pair of shorts and a slightly more appropriate singlet for my shift. Luckily it was a busy morning and before I knew it Edward was excitedly telling me about his very first surfing experience. I just smiled, remembering my own first time, not that long ago, and how I was instantly hooked. During lunch, the photos taken during the morning were added to the slideshow on the flat screen, causing hoots and guffaws all around. When the tables were cleared, I changed into my bikini and a singlet I used for surfing instead of a rashie – while effective, they didn't help in getting an even tan – and took my board from the rack near the staff quarters. "Wow, you have your own board?" Edward said as he admired its custom paint job. "Yeah, I got it a couple of weeks