Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N : This story was submitted into the Twilight Diversity Contest. Sadly, it did not win any of the awards, but did get some nice reviews, and competition was strong. Content warning : contains some mature themes that some readers might not fully agree with. This story is not intended to offend anyone, so please read it as the entertainment I mean it to be. "Are you sure we're going in the right direction?" I call out to Jasper. He pushes his way through the throngs of people, pulling me along. We took a tram as far as it would take us, considering the substantial crowds. I was lost as soon as we left the apartment. The streets in his and Alice's neighborhood have names referring to Indonesia, and he insisted it was too far to walk to the Prinsengracht, so I made use of my brand new public transport chip card, not even bothering trying to remember which stop we needed. "I'm sure," he replies. "Laurens said they're right next to the Leidsestraat bridge. We just have to find the pharmacy and the coffee house." Since Jasper has been living here since his first year of university, I trust him in finding our way. All the streets look the same to me here, and it takes me too long to match the street signs to their pronunciation. Because he is much taller than I am – I barely reach his shoulder – he easily spots the landmarks we need. "Laurens!" Jasper calls out as we make our way across the other two boats. His friend waves at us and motions us over. I met him the night I arrived, since he was coordinating today's festivities with Jasper at his and Alice's place. The occupants of the other boats are very friendly, making sure we don't fall overboard. I'm glad I'm wearing my trusted Converse. The effort is well worth it; we have a prime spot in the canal, with an unobstructed view. It'll be a rather tight fit, especially with the addition of the cooler full of wine and the shopping bag filled with snacks and sandwiches. "Jasper, hey!" Laurens greets us. "Waar bleven jullie?" He reaches out a hand and pulls Jasper into his boat, then repeats the process with me. "Hey, Bella." I wave lamely in greeting, not understanding what he just asked. "De tram was stampvol en we moesten lopen vanaf Leidseplein. Wat een gekkenhuis!" Jasper tells him. They exchange a few more comments before he turns to me and explains, "I was telling him about the hassle we had with the crowded tram and walking here from the stop." Laurens takes the hint and looks slightly embarrassed. "I'm sorry, Bella. I forgot that you don't speak Dutch. I hardly ever have to speak English with Alice anymore." I tell him not to worry about it. Alice had started learning Dutch through an online course as soon as she had been accepted into the Master's program at the University of Amsterdam. She completed the program two months ago with a thesis discussing differences in the approach and treatment of gender and sexuality between Europe and the United States. Subsequently she was accepted into the Research Master's program, starting this September, meaning she'll stay here for at least two more years. Her decision to start learning Dutch was a smart move, therefore, since it allows her to settle in more easily. Luckily for me, most people here, especially students, speak English really well, so I'm getting by just fine during my visit. Laurens hands us both a beer from the cooler, and we take a seat while we wait for the parade to start. In the meantime it's fun to watch the people on the other boats along the canal, on the streets on either side and on the bridge. Rainbow flags are waving proudly in the slight breeze and a lot of people are wearing pink. The guys point out a local celebrity on a nearby boat and explain that a lot of well-known people, such as athletes, musicians, and politicians, speak out in support of the event and even attend, regardless of their own orientation. I am well into my second beer when two more people arrive: Laurens' girlfriend Irene and Jasper's twin Roos. They are both blondes, but that's about the only thing they have in common as far as looks go. Where Roos looks like she stepped off the pages of some swimsuit edition magazine, Irene has a more preppy look about her. Since I have only met Laurens before today, having arrived just two days ago, the girls are introduced to me. I politely reach out my hand to shake theirs, but both girls lean in to kiss my cheeks three times. "Oh, right," I mutter. "I keep forgetting about that custom." They both giggle at my flustered reaction, but are also quick to reassure me that I'll get used to it. I am glad for the female additions; while I enjoy hanging out with guys, it's nice to have some girls to talk to, especially at an event like this. We decide to dig into our sandwiches before the start of the parade, to ensure we've had some sustenance while partying. I imagine it would be tricky trying to eat while dancing in a small boat with four other people. "Laurens told me you arrived the day before yesterday?" Irene asks me, to which I nod. "How long will you be staying?" "Another week here," I answer. "Then Jasper is taking Alice and me to see some of the sights in the rest of the country before I have to go home again." "That's cool," she replies. "Yeah, you should definitely see as much as you can. A lot of tourists only visit Amsterdam, but then they miss out on the rest." Roos nods in agreement, then suggests we all go out together later in the week, to which I readily agree. It would be fun to party with some people who actually live here, instead of just doing the tourist thing. She then asks how I know Alice. "Oh, we practically grew up together. Our moms are friends so all of my childhood memories involve Alice. It was a given that we would go to the same college and be roommates, which we did, but she wanted to do her Master's abroad." "That must have been tough, saying goodbye to her like that," Irene probes. "It was, but on the other hand it provided me with a holiday destination. Besides, it was only supposed to be for a year, but then she met Jasper and decided to apply for the Research Master's. I doubt she'll move back to the States anytime soon." We all laugh at that, since it's obvious that Jasper and Alice are madly in love. I'm happy for my friend and can see that she feels at home here. "So why are you only staying for such a short time?" Roos asks. "Well, I graduated in June and will be starting my job in a few weeks." "Congratulations!" both girls exclaim. "What kind of job?" "Junior pharmacist at a hospital in Seattle. It's actually really great, because it's the same hospital where my fiancé is doing his residency." As soon as the word 'fiancé' is dropped, Irene grabs my left hand to inspect my ring. It is quite modest: a platinum band with a round cut diamond and two small sapphires on each side. He surprised me with it the night before my graduation. Both girls gush over the ring, asking me about the proposal and our wedding plans. "It's still very early, but we're thinking next summer. I hope we'll lock down the date and a venue soon, so Alice can block off the time and book her and Jasper's flights. For now it's still a bit of an adjustment, because we only moved in together over winter break and now things are moving quite fast. But with Edward's residency and my new job, I'm glad we're not rushing the wedding. I want it to be perfect for us." "Aw, look at her," Roos says to Irene. "She's blushing! Tell us about the guy!" So I give them the brief version about how Edward and I met when I was a sophomore and he was an intern, doing an ER rotation. I've always been a bit clumsy, and this time I tripped down the stairs at my and Alice's dorm. We took a taxi to the ER, where Edward treated my sprained ankle. He was professional enough not to ask for my number right then, but a few days later I ran into him at Starbucks and he asked me out. "That's so romantic," Irene sighs. I continue by showing them some pictures on my phone. They are appropriately impressed; Edward is very handsome, with copper colored hair in almost permanent disarray, a strong jaw, and piercing green eyes. "How were you able to tear yourself away from that gorgeous man?" Roos wonders. "It wasn't easy by any means," I reply, winking. "But he wasn't able to get the time off and I really wanted to see Alice this summer. We didn't get to go to each other's graduation ceremonies and we also needed to celebrate my engagement." Just then the first boat appears in the distance and we redirect our attention. It is a police boat with mostly LGBT police officers and supporting personnel. All of the boats have music pumping from the speakers, some with a drag queen performing as well. My gaze is constantly redirected as new details stand out to me. There is a boat with a massive unicorn on it, which they have to lower for each bridge. Another boat is filled with people dressed in black leather and chains, some kind of BDSM theme. Other boats just have people in brightly colored clothes dancing and interacting with the crowds. They all have one thing in common: most men are shirtless, wearing little more than very tight hot pants. They're lucky the weather is nice as I can't imagine having to endure rain and cold dressed like that. "Do you know when Alice's boat will be?" I ask Jasper. "She texted me earlier that they're right behind the devils, so we'll have to keep an eye out for lots of red and fire," he responds. "Did you know she was bi?" Irene asks me. "Of course! She told me when we were fifteen that she had a crush on a girl, but she was very confused because before that she'd been crushing on a boy." "That must have been difficult for her," Roos muses. "Well, once we figured it out, it didn't matter to us. Her parents are more old-fashioned, though, so they had some trouble accepting it when she eventually told them. I think they're happy that she's dated mostly boys, so that helps." "Ugh, I remember when I told my parents," Roos commiserates. "They threw a fit of epic proportions. Luckily, I was already at uni, so I just didn't go home for a visit until they calmed down. Jasper was supportive, though." "You're gay?" I ask her. She nods. "You didn't want to join the parade?" "Nah, too complicated." We're interrupted from that particular conversation by Jasper yelling out that he sees the devil boat. We all stand up, grab fresh beers from the cooler, and focus on the parade again. There is still a boat with fairies and butterflies passing us, but behind it is a boat that looks like it came straight from the underworld. There is red and black everywhere and they have something that looks like a massive bonfire on it, but it's actually made out of crepe paper and a wind and smoke machine. Some of