Run That's all Sally could do. She was prepared to have to find a way to hide her son's scent. But she wasn't prepared to do that so early, he was still a newborn, not even a day old. She should've had years to prepare, at least until he was six. That was what she thought, but when she saw her baby and his sea-green eyes, she knew it would be earlier. She knew something inside her was telling her to be wary but she didn't listen to it, as she wanted to enjoy her child. But the moment she stepped out of the hospital she saw it. A cyclops. Her lover said it was because she was "clear-sighted", that she could see through the veil his family put up. But the monster originated from his realm, she assumed that he was a protector. Until she heard it, the growl. Her eyes widened and she quickly understood this cyclops was untamed, probably a cast-off. She whistled a cab, even in the dead of night New York was very much alive. She told the driver to drive to the northwestern part of the city. When they arrived at the destination, Sally realized she had no money on her person's. The driver who had seen this many times sighed and stepped out the car. The moment he did he was grabbed by the cyclops, it happened to follow them all the way to the Bronx. While it was busy, unfortunately with the cab driver, Sally placed her baby in the passenger seat and she hopped behind the wheel and drove off. Surprisingly, her baby boy was fast asleep during all of this. She got all the way into Westchester before the gas ran out. She looked into her rearview mirror and still saw the same monster, it wouldn't stop it's pursuit. She scooped the bundle and ran into the nearby forest. As she ran she could feel the cyclops gaining on her. While trying to escape she came upon a devastating conclusion, they wouldn't make it. This caused her to pause as the realization hit her like a truck. She would die and her supposed lover was nowhere to be found. This was how her last seconds of her life were to be. No one would miss her, she had no other family. Her parents had died when she was 5 years old. She was sent to live with her uncle, who died from cancer during her last year of high school. She dropped out and worked small jobs in order to take care of herself. She and her son's father met one summer and fell in love. Sadly he had to go away, apparently even if she's in danger. She was brought out of her thoughts when she heard the roar from the monster and felt her back being sliced. Adrenaline rushed through her body as she sprinted as fast as she could through the forest, clutching her son tightly to her chest. She kept running until she saw a large body of water. Her eyes widened and she turned to look for a sign. She saw it and ran up to it. It read NEW CROTON RESERVOIR and Sally began to have hope. "Poseidon! Please help us!" She yelled. She waited for what seemed like an eternity but no one came. Another roar was heard and she turned around to see the cyclops cornering her. She had no where else to run, this was her final attempt for safety. She closed her eyes preparing to wake up in the underworld but nothing came. When she opened them she saw the monster turned to the forest again. She tried to run while she had the chance but froze when she heard the cyclops wail. She looked at it's lower leg and saw a silver arrow sprouting out of it. Not even a moment was spared as another arrow was lodged into forehead, effectively turning it into yellow dust. Sally left out a sigh of relief now that the monster was gone, but she immediately felt sick. Then she remembered the cyclops got to her back before it was killed. She fell down on her knees hard and began to breathe heavily, she had no more energy to go on. She was determined to stay alive though, she had to for her newborn son. Sally knew that if she died now there was no way her son will survive. But her survival was getting harder and harder by the second as her vision was getting blurry. When she tried to still herself and focus her vision she felt a godly aura. She looked up expecting to see her lover but her hopes we're dashed. Instead of sea-green eyes she saw silver eyes. Along with auburn hair and a silver uniform. "Lady Artemis." Sally managed. "Please could you help me." The twelve year old girl walked forward, seeming to age with every step she took until stopping at 20. She knelt next to dying mother and looked at her wound. It was a fatal one, no way for her to be saved. But Artemis wouldn't let her see it on her face. "I'm sorry," she started "but your wound, there isn't any way to-" She was cut short as Sally thrusted the bundle out of her arms into the goddess's. It pained her externally and internally to do so. And though it was a long shot, this was the only way for her son to survive. "Could you help me...by taking care of my baby." Sally whispered. Artemis didn't see the child at first and was startled when Sally gave it to her. She was immediately determined to fulfill this dying women's wish. She would accept this infant girl into the hunt. But when she moved the cloth she found a male baby. She looked back at the woman who was staring wistfully. "I know he is a male, the species that you hate. But if you can raise him he could be a better male, one that fits your criteria." Sally momentarily forgot her wound and gave a bitter laugh and then winced. "If you truly decide to raise him, I think you'll be the best mother for him." The goddess looked at her in shock. She never thought about being a mother, she had her hunters and she was more than content with that. She turned to the boy and realized she could possibly raise the perfect male. It then registered in Artemis that this must be killing the woman inside, to give up her first and only child. "What is your name?" "My name is Sally Jackson. My son's name is Perseus Jackson." Artemis nodded and knelt beside Sally once more and placed her hand on her forehead. "I, Artemis goddess of the Hunt, condemn this spirit of Sally Jackson to Elsyium when she moves on from the mortal world." When she removed her fingers, Sally's forehead glowed a golden color, signaling that the words of Artemis were received. When the glow receded there was a silver bow left on her forehead, almost like a stamp. Sally smiled weakly. "Can I…hold him…one last time?" "Of course." Artemis handed her the baby as Sally held him while leaning her injured back on a nearby tree. Perseus was still sleep even after everything that has happened. Sally made the decision to not wake him, to have him see Artemis' face only and recognize her as her mother. She began to play with his fingers with a small smile on her face. "You know your a heavy sleeper." She whispered. "I'm grateful though, I don't want you to see me in this state. When I was pregnant with you I hoped for you to be someone great, even better than your father. That's...why I named...you Perseus. Now I know you'll be someone great with your new…mother. But also I know you'll never be like your father. You won't leave those you care about to die, but rather take their place in death. But I hope you live a great long life. I just want you to…know that…I always will lo-" Sally started coughing sporadically, not able to continue her farewell. This lasted for a few seconds until she stopped and closed her eyes. A single tear ran down her cheek as she took her last breath and went limp. The baby started to slip out of her arms but Artemis caught him. She had tears streaming down her face as well. During Sally's farewell she looked into the woman's memories and saw her hardships. She also saw how her uncle "loved" Sally as well. The life of Sally was one that she didn't deserve. She was another maiden who was taken advantage of by a god. Artemis snapped her fingers and Sally was wrapped with a silver cloth with her symbol on the top. She wouldn't place Poseidon's on her for obvious reasons, he has just been added to her long list of males she hated. She did however send the body through the reservoir giving her a burial at sea. She placed a drachma on her body and pushed her into the water. She prayed that the judges would recognize her blessing and send Sally to Elsyium. She turned around with slightly puffy eyes and began to walk back to her camps, where she and her hunters are staying in. While walking the bundle she carried began to stir. A couple seconds later, he began to cry. This is a first for Artemis but she thought that Perseus was crying louder than a normal baby. She decided to try something, "Hush little one, everything will be alright." That quieted the baby down and made him open his eyes. She gasped, as she saw the most beautiful sea-green eyes. When their eyes met he smiled and snuggled into her grasp, making the goddess's heart flutter. She knew immediately why the monster came after him so early, he was a very powerful demigod even if so young. The aura he gave from crying alone proved that. Yet Artemis couldn't keep the smile off her face as she realized she would finally have a child, even if it is a male. She figured she would replace his godly blood from Poseidon with hers, that will be payback for what the sea god allowed to happen. When she finally arrived her Lieutenant noticed her first and swiftly ran up to her. When she noticed the baby, and somehow it's gender. She gasped and took a step back. "M- Milady? Is that that a baby?" She was going to continue stuttering out questions but Artemis held up her hand stop them. "Zoe, can you gather the hunters around the campfire, I have something important to say." Zoe nodded and sprinted off to find every last hunter, eager to learn what's going on. In a few minutes all the hunters we're seated at the campfire. Some were talking quietly amongst themselves, but were instant silenced when they saw the baby boy their mistress was playing with. Few were watching intently, making assumptions on this boy. Finally with a small smile, Artemis looked up and realized the entire Hunt was watching her. She blushed slightly out of embarrassment but regained her composure quickly. "I would like to tell you of what has just happened not too far from our camp. I was patrolling outside to make sure there wouldn't be any mortals or monsters, though there shouldn't because this is a unique area. Although, when I was near the reservoir I heard a woman cry a man's name for help. I wasn't going to check it out until a heard a monsters roar. Once I heard that, I knew that whoever the woman was, was calling for help from a god or other male deity. I ran as fast as I could and witnessed a cyclops cornering a young