Imagine our world. Now imagine Italy. Imagine standing in the middle of the Colosseum, in the center of the ruins. Now go back five hundred years. Change the shape of all the continents but keep the idea of Rome, but add in magic and dragons (and chimeras and jiangshi and nine-tailed foxes and sphinxes). What the image should be now is a suave and dark haired Italian wizard with a rose in his teeth (all Mediterranean men suffer from the same insufferable stereotype), commanding a huge flaming dragon for the adoring masses (who are also throwing him roses because that's what adoring masses do). Instead, the dragon wasn't flaming and there weren't any adoring masses. There were some milling masses, and even more masses walking with a sense of purpose because they have shit to do, and soon. And there isn't a single Italian wizard. There are several Venetian Sub-overseers, one Florentian Super-overseer, a lot of handymen from the Germanic tribes, many Egyptian tourists, many more Nubian tourists, a Hittite tour guide trying to stop a war from breaking out between the Egyptians and the Nubians, and a blond medic tending to a dragon that isn't quite flaming but rather oozing. She was crying, her tears are steaming. Her nose is snotting. The dragon was not in good shape, and that meant that Will Solace, temporary resident healer, was about to be in an even worse shape if what his father said was true. Which might not be true. But his father was unpredictable. But not unfair to his children. But unpredictable with a twisted sense of humor. "Oh, Will." His dad's head popped into Will's tiny unit filled with unpacked furniture and books on magical healing. "I have a quick and easy task for you. The dragon performing at the Colosseum tonight is sick. Just fix her up real quick. Thanks! If she isn't good to go by 8 o'clock we'll have to send you out with the gladiators! Just kidding! Or am I? Nah. Or yeah?" He winked, and flitted off. Before Will could speak, his dad rushed in again. "Oh by the way, welcome to Venice!" Out. In. "Oh wait this is Rome! Haha, you know how your old dad gets mixed up sometimes." "Uh-" "Proud of you! See you!" And that's the story of how Will Solace found himself performing healing magic on a dragon, less than five hours after he had moved to Rome. He thought that with his father in the city, it'd make the place seem less intimidating and more homelike. Because his father was obviously such an epitome of a family guy, of course. The dragon snot on his shirt disagreed. "Having trouble?" a voice behind him asked. "Huh?" He turned around. A short boy with eyes that held the mischievous gleam of a madman stood in front of him. "Oh yeah, I'm trying to stem Bessie's symptoms here, but I have to figure out what's actually wrong if she's to perform at her best tonight." "I like dragons." Well, that was an answer to a question he never asked. "Especially Bessie, because she's mine. I named her after my cow, I used to have a personal cow but then she got old so we ate her. We, as in my family, and I should probably stop talking now because Mother says that I talk too much sometimes and it'd frighten people off, but I like your hair!" "Wait, this is your cow- I mean, dragon?" Wait, this means that the freckled and stunted boy in front of him was- "Yes! I'm Nico di Angelo, what's your name?" "You're the dragon trainer! I'm Will Solace," he held his hand out to shake. Nico's hand was soft but cold, but his lips were warmer. Will knew the temperature of Nico's lips because the boy walked into a hug and gave a light kiss on Will's cheek. He should have known. Italians. "My father asked me to fix Bessie up before her appearance today. Everyone wants to see Bessie." Nico's face turned grim, a stark contrast from his look of frank cheerfulness earlier. "I bet they do. Anyway, I don't think Bessie can stand right now, much less fight later. Why don't I just lead her back inside and you can take the rest of the day off?" "Oh no, I can't have you do that, mister," Will wagged a finger at the boy. "I'm under strict orders to stay next to the dragon until she's cured." Nico hummed and climbed on Bessie's before grabbing Will and tugging him atop the dragon's back as well. "Bess, let's go!" The dragon unfurled her huge crystalline wings and flapped them. Decorations flew away in the gust, several Egyptians lost papers and started to blame the Nubians, the Hittite tour guide thought about quitting for the 10th time that day, while the sub-overseers gawked and the Super-overseer rushed to where the dragon took off into the setting sun. "My dad's going to kill me!" Will screamed as he buried his head into Nico di Angelo's back. He was riding on a now-runaway dragon with a crazy person. Said crazy person will probably kill him once they landed- in fact, why even wait until they land? Di Angelo will probably push him off Bessie's back anytime soon. Poor, sweet Bessie, who currently didn't seem to be exhibiting any signs of distress. Poor, sweet, darling Bessie, who did not deserve to have a trainer as crazy as Nico di Angelo, who would yank her away from living the celebrity life of a fighter dragon. After circling halfway around the city, Nico landed Bessie on the outskirts of the city, far away from the Colosseum. "Here's your stop. Bessie's all cured now, so it's time for me to go!" "What? Where are you going? What about the show? You can't just leave!" Will practically yelled, and his voice started to become shriller and shriller. "Also, you lied about your dragon being sick. Not cool. I was so worried because nothing was working on her!" "I'm going off adventuring. Duh. I don't want Bessie to injure herself right before our journey just because some stupid nobles want to see dragon fighting. Casted a tiny spell on her." He caressed his dragon's neck gently, and for a moment Will thought he almost looked handsome. "Anyway, you're a healer, right? Any chance you'll come with me on the best adventure of our lives?" "Um, no? I actually have my own shop set up recently so I can't go gallivanting off whenever I like." Nico shrugged, and just like that, the insane boy was back. "Really? Goodbye then." He tapped Bessie's neck lightly, and the dragon once again reared up and flew into the air. The next time he saw Nico di Angelo, Will Solace was splinting Cecil's broken foot. "Can't you just do your mojo on me and let me heal?" Cecil complained, wiggling his toes before wincing at the pain. "I did do that, actually," Will said, "too bad you were injured by a curse, otherwise you'd be able to walk in an hour and run in two. I'd say give yourself two weeks of rest on that foot, and come back then so I can take the splint off." He placed a final stability spell on the splint so that it wouldn't fall off and would absorb any blow that might happen to it. "Nice job," a voice behind him said. It seemed unfamiliar, but Will thought that he'd heard it before. When he turned around, it was a much taller and lankier Nico di Angelo who greeted him. A year ago, the boy had been a short and stubby looking kid. Now he's almost as tall as Will, had greasier hair tied back into a ponytail, and a huge zit on his chin, as well as a smattering of other smaller pimples on his face. Puberty was doing a number on the boy, obviously. "Nico?" He waved Cecil off and told him to go home before turning back to Nico. "What are you doing back in the city?" Not that Nico shouldn't be in the city. For some reason, his abrupt flight from the Colosseum didn't land him in any trouble with lord Hades, who commissioned the fight in the first place. The lord was a lot more gracious than he seemed, though Will had to go through a nerve wracking interrogation. "You know me?" Nico looked genuinely surprised, his eyebrows scrunching up together in a mask of confusion. Will was offended that he didn't remember him. To be fair, Will wasn't anyone memorable, but he thought that Nico had a responsibility to remember him after what he put Will through. "Um, yes. You almost gave me a heart attack last year and I was left in the city to answer to a lot of angry officials." "Oh, was that only a year ago? It feels so much longer than that." Nico dropped down on the seat Cecil had vacated. His eyes flickered over Will's face and figure and when he opened his mouth it was almost as if he was going to launch another word barrage. Probably about how Bessie's doing and if he's eaten his dragon, too. Will really hoped that Nico didn't eat the dragon. Dragons are not edible. But Nico didn't say anything about Bessie, or about how he liked Will's hair. "I'm just here for a general checkup, I had a nasty run in with a curse tree a week ago and, there were some other stuff like a cool poisonous swamp, a hag who tried to eat me but couldn't - but trapped a bit of my magic - and my joints are hurting, sometimes when I run and fight. Do you think the hag's cursing me to age quicker?" "Adventurers," Will scoffed. "You guys either think you're dying all the time or you never look after yourself. You, mister," he poked a finger at Nico, "sound like a rare combination of both." Nico rolled his eyes. "Anyway, a hag possessing your magic is bad news, I have to break that connection first." He threaded his fingers through Nico's hair and started to hum. He let his magic travel from his mind into his fingers, establishing a connection with Nico's own magic, and searched for a foreign feeling among the tangles of his own and Nico's. And… There! That nonhuman tingle. He whistled, and it snapped, breaking off the connection between Nico and the hag. Will dropped his hand from Nico's head, grimacing. "How often do you wash your hair? Don't even answer, because the correct answer is 'not often enough.' Aren't you adventurers ever scared of getting lice?" He did a quick check of the boy's hair. Nope, no lice. Still, too greasy. "Wow. Excuse you, but I happen to be a very clean person-" "If a person was a pig. But a person isn't a pig, a person is a person and they should wash their hair often." "I do wash my hair," Nico huffed. "Every other day, in fact. Whenever monsters aren't trying to kill me." "How often are monsters trying to kill you?" Nico didn't answer. Just pouted. Ugh. Will hated dealing with the twelve-to-fifteen age group. They haven't even come of age yet but they're already so bratty. At least, he thought Nico was under fifteen. "How old are you again?" "I just turned sixteen." "Really?" He placed a thumb on Nico's forehead. "Breathe." Nico took a deep breath. "Now I'm going to help you exhale out all the gunk magic in your system." Will whistled. "Close your eyes and follow my flow." Another whistle, longer this time, as Nico exhaled and a pool of black smoke poured out of his mouth. Gross, what kind of places has this boy (young man, he reminded himself, smug in the knowledge that as a 19 year old he's still more mature