Message in a Bottle A Lord of the Rings oneshot by ImDreamingTheDream Character Tags: Frodo, Pippin Genre: Angst, Family, Hurt/Comfort Setting: Post-Quest, beginning right after Frodo leaves Middle-earth, formally bookverse but mostly my-own-head-verse " 25 September 1421 Dear Cousin Frodo, I am feeling altogether a child again, one very small and in need of much comfort. I have not felt this poorly for a long time, not even on my anniversaries have I felt so miserable, for my heart is wrought with grief. Perhaps that is why I am writing this letter. I know you are gone, cousin, and that I shall never see you again, nor hear from you, but I think when I am finished writing this I shall slip out of the house and ride to the sea. I'll not wake Merry; he's sleeping tonight and it's the first night since you left that he's slept at all without being disturbed by evil dreams. Then I shall roll this letter and put it into an empty beer-bottle, and cast it out. Is it childish of me? Perhaps I am just wasting my time. It's a long ride to the sea, and I've not been myself. But I'm still a lad, it's what you were always telling me, cousin, before you left, and in my own childish way I shall pretend this letter will reach you, though I know of course it shan't. Three days it has been since you left us, and they have not been eas - [smeared, indecipherable inkblots] – been trying ever so hard to keep on living but it is not that simple. I know I shall heal a little, in time. Enough to live at any rate. But you were always the one who told me the heart never forgets, and ever I shall miss you, my favourite cousin. I wonder, too, how good old Sam is faring. He at least has Rosie, and little Elanor; but I've got Merry. I wonder how long it shall be until you reach Valinor? These past few days have been such a blur. I feel as though I walk more through a dream state than I do in the real world, and I know Merry must feel much the same way. We have not said much to each other yet. Mostly I find myself sitting and thinking a lot or I catch myself thinking when I do - [ smeared, indecipherable inkblots ] - or if not doing things then dragging myself through the procedure of – [ smeared inkblots, trailing down the page ] I think about you, that is to say; I am trying so hard to preserve every single memory I have of you, my dearest cousin Frodo, so that I shall never, ever forget. I want to tell my children about you one day, and not just those fireside stories of all your remarkable feats and your journey to Mordor and all. I want them to know what their Uncle Frodo would have been like, had ever they met him. So I've been trying very – [ handwriting suddenly appears a little shaky, indecipherable for a couple more words. Smeared inkblots. ] – recall everything about you. I've been remembering all the visits to Bag End when I was still a little lad, and how Sam, while he would always be thrilled to do your bidding or aid you in whatever way he could even where aid was not necessary, would forbid you from using the stove ever since that one time you nearly burned the kitchen down trying to roast tomatoes. I've been remembering how I used to like to crawl into bed with you long after I was supposed to already be asleep and rest my head in the crook of your shoulder. I would snuggle up against you with that old bear of mine you hated so much and even if I was holding the old thing you would always stroke my curls and sing to me softly until I fell asleep. Do you remember that old bear? I wonder what happened to it. I've been remembering all the times you took Merry and I berry-picking, and all the times you caught me in the middle of mischief, and all the times the three of us got into mischief together tramping about the Shire. I've been remembering how you used to shut yourself up in old Uncle Bilbo's study and look at old maps and old books, sometimes for days on end, and how you used to make me practise my letters and numbers when I was very, very small, before allowing me to go out and play. I've been remembering all the times the three of us – Merry, you and me – would go to The Green Dragon and drink enough ale to make ourselves ill, and how Sam used to brew us all manner of broths to cure our pounding headaches the morning after, shaking his head and clucking his tongue. I remember all these little things so vividly now. I'm so afraid they'll slip away from me. I think I shall go now. I'll leave a note for Merry and return as quickly as possible. If you get this, cousin, then know I miss you, and will love you always. -Your Pippin" "6 March 1422 Dear Cousin Frodo, This is a day that shall ever be branded into my memory. I don't know if I ever told you I had "anniversaries" for the day I looked into the Palantir, but I have. I believe I only ever told Merry. I don't know. My mind isn't quite working right. I am confused and frightened as ever; I miss you more than ever; I am full of pain, my head especially throbs and my mind has not given me a moment's rest since before dawn yesterday. I haven't slept, either, though I have tried. I am still a little feverish, though it's gone down since yesterday. Merry is resting now, I finally convinced him to sleep. No use having the both of us ill, I told him, and like the anniversaries before it, it shall pass in time. He's always been there for me, you know, cousin, each year since it happened. It makes me think of your Sam. I know you had these "anniversaries" on the dates of Weathertop and the day that dreadful spider stung you. You never told us, but Merry and I know, Frodo. Sam told us. Don't be very angry with him, please, cousin. He did it out of love, you know. I don't know why I'm writing again. I don't know what I shall do with this letter when I am finished writing it. But I think I might hide it and ride out to sea again to cast it out like I did the last one, if only I can get away from Merry. The fact is that I miss you, cousin Frodo. And I somehow believe you'd understand. I know I did not suffer half so much as you, but still I feel wretched and lonesome and afraid, and knowing that you endured so much more than I makes me feel cowardly and selfish and pathetic. You were always the bravest of us four, cousin. Love, Your Pip" " 18 May 1429 My dear cousin, It has been so many years since I have written you. I know it is still so silly of me, especially as I am quite of age and nearly thirty-nine now, but I had a few days to myself and took good advantage of them. These days I have been spending an awful lot of time thinking of you. So very much has changed since last I wrote you, not that I believe you received that letter, making this one a very strange letter to write, and even more so since you left Middle-earth. But I have been thinking of you because of all that has changed. I have been thinking about how things might be were you still here, and how much I miss you. All sorts of things have happened, moments I wish desperately I could have shared with you. I didn't write you for all of them, of course, for all manner of reasons. My excuse for my foolishness is that I simply hadn't the time, but really, it's because I was trying very hard to restrain myself from writing to you. I miss you, cousin, but you are gone, and I need to learn to accept that so I can live with it. But then there are times where I don't think I really have accepted the fact you are gone, all these years later. Yes, so much has happened these past years, and if you were here I think you would be proud of me, and of Merry, too. He is married now, you know, as of five years ago! And what's more, Merry wedded Estella Bolger. It must be strange for him to be married to the sister of one of his close friends, but I knew he was besotted with her, for every time we visited old Fatty I kept catching him staring at her. And I am married too. I have married Diamond of Long Cleeve, and we have been married three years now. I can scarcely believe it, even now - me, married! And at the wedding, cousin, I found myself yearning for you to be there. I know you would have come for all the festivities and you would have been the one clapping the loudest. (Except perhaps for Merry. You were always much more quiet than he). And now, after three years, Diamond is with child. The nurse told us two mornings ago, and we have been thinking of names. If it is a lad, I was thinking I might name him Frodo for you. But then I realised I would not be able to really cope with it, having a little lad named for you, for it would make the pain of your loss so much harder to bear. That, and he might be confused with Sam's own Frodo-lad. [a few drops of dampness on the parchment. Ink runs, but text is still readable.] I am happy, happier than ever I anticipated being, especially since we returned, and yet I still feel your loss like a new wound. I miss you, cousin Frodo. Love, Your Pippin 16 January 1430 " Dear cousin, I suppose you shall be altogether very happy with me. I for one am terribly surprised, and am not very sure what to think. I am excited and overwhelmed and frightened, and in truth I know not how to tell you. What I can say is that if you were here with us still, I think you would be very proud of me, and I know you would be here at the Smials for the occasion, maybe even in the next room. I told you in my last letter that Diamond, my wife, was with child. Perhaps you can guess by the date, then, that our son has been born. He was born three days ago, and in a way I feel very guilty for not having written you before, though of course I don't really think you will ever get this letter. But things have been so very busy here at the Smials, with nurses all over the place and relatives to talk to, and naturally I want to spend every moment I have to spare with our son. In recent days I've not really had the time to do so because everyone expects me to be tending to matters with relatives. Diamond has been resting and has had our son all to herself. I do believe the lasses have it lucky, you know. The birth is painful and difficult but then afterwards, they are free to spend every spare moment with their child - in fact, expected