The crowd was really thick, which meant I was struggling to move around. I eventually got sick of it and started elbowing anyone who got in my way. It might seem rude but that's just who I was. I eventually reached an area where there was some form of order. Teenagers aged 12 to 18 were in separate lines. I walked over to the 16-year-olds and lined up. It didn't take long to reach the front, and when I did the woman glanced up momentarily. 'Name?' she asked in monotone. 'Veronica Buckley.' I said boredly. She nodded and said, 'Hand please.' I extended my arm and she takes my wrist to prick my finger and press it against some sort of scanner. She looks up and nods. 'Okay, go with the others.' She said, once again in monotone. I sighed and walked off to stand with all the other girls my age. I didn't go anywhere in particular. I didn't have any friends my age, no one to go to. I preferred people who didn't spend all their time swimming. People who would go spear fishing with me. Hey, that's something I have got going for me if I get picked, I'm good with a spear. I run through all my thought for ages until everyone is I the right area. I look up at the platform quickly. Everyone is there apart from Mags. Finnick catches my eye and smiles. I can't resist a grin in return. 'Okay, everybody,' says Benedict Andrea, the man who always calls out the names for the reaping. 'Welcome to the reaping of the 68th Hunger Games! First things first, we'll watch our video, just like every year.' He says. Unlike alot of other people who do the reaping he is not happy to do this. He is not happy to see children die. But he has to act like he doesn't care, just to please the capitol. 'War, Terrible War.' Is all I hear before I let my mind wander for the next few minutes while the stupid video plays about how district 13 tried to rebel and blah, blah, blah... 'This is how we remember our past; this is how we safeguard our future.' Says the video, bringing me back to reality. 'Now that's over, we'll call the names of the young man and woman who will be competing this year. As always, ladies first.' Says Benedict, he walks over to the bowl with thousands of female names, fifty-seven of which bear my name. He doesn't want to make this any longer than he should be so he plunges his hand into the bowl and grabs the first name he feels. He pulls out the small piece of paper and unfolds it as quickly as possible. He leans closer to the microphone and says, 'Veronica Buckley.' That's me. Oh my god, that's me. The person to my right shoves me and I stumble into the aisle. I realise that I don't want to look weak and straighten up, then walk briskly to the platform. I climb up the stairs quickly. I do my best not to look at Finnick but my attempts fail. My eyes flick over to him and he's staring at me with deep pain in his eyes. I look back at Benedict who is beckoning me towards him. I walk over to him and face the entire district. 'So you must be Veronica then?' he asks. 'No crap.' I say dryly. I can tell he's shocked because he walks over to the other bowl. 'Now for the boys.' He once again plunges his hand into the bowl and pulls out a name. 'Matthew Bell.' He calls into the microphone. A boy I vaguely recognise from school walks out from the crowd. When he reaches the stairs he trips. I roll my eyes. Idiot is all I can think. Benedict does the same thing again as he said to me. I take this time to scan the crowd for my mother. When I spot her I see her face is buried in her hands. She's going to lose me, just like she lost my sister. My sister was picked for the games the year that Finnick won. I did have a grudge against him for a while but I got over it. He's now a great friend of mine. I pulled myself back into reality and looked at Benedict. He's just finished talking to Matthew and has come back to the middle. He grabs mine and Matthew's hand at the same time and raises them into the air. 'Introducing the tributes from District 4 for the 68th Hunger Games, Veronica Buckley and Matthew Bell!' he shouts into the microphone. No one cheers, no one ever does. They just slowly file out back to their homes. Benedict puts his hand on my back 'Time to go.' He whispers. I nod and turn around. A peacekeeper grabs my arm but I yank it out of his grip. 'I'd rather you don't touch me.' I snap. He shrugs and I walk forwards into the justice building. They escort me into a room with dusty carpet and chairs and leave me alone to wait. After a few minutes my mother walks in with tears staining her face. I stand up immediately and hug her. I feel her crying into my shirt because I'm so much taller than her. 'Mom... Mom, stop crying.' I say softly. She looks up at me. 'Oh, I can't lose you as well, Ronnie. I just can't.' She sobs. 'Mom, you've gotta be strong. I'll win for you. I promise you that I'll win.' I assured her. 'Make sure you do.' Just as she said that a peacekeeper poked his head in. 'Time's up.' He says. He opens the door wider and my mother walks out, and then Annie Cresta walks in. I don't know why she's visiting me, but she is. She sits down on the couch and pats the area next to her. I sit down. 'Annie, why are you visiting me? We've barely even spoken before.' I ask. 'I just came to tell you one thing; Listen to Finnick. I know you might not want to but it's good advice. He tells me every year after the games what he told all the tributes and it's really good stuff.' She tells me quickly. 'Why does he tell you?' I ask. Not jealously, just out of curiosity. She grins cheekily. 'You know why. Finnick's a great friend of yours; you spend enough time with him.' She says. I roll my eyes. 'Oh, that .' I giggles. The peacekeeper comes in again. 'You have no more visitors,' he turns to Annie, 'Ms. Cresta, you may leave.' He says calmly. Annie nods and gets up. 'Good luck.' She says before exiting. 'Come with me to the train.' He says to me. Obviously he doesn't think I deserve the title "Ms. Buckley" because I'm going to die soon enough anyway. There is another peacekeeper waiting outside. They lead me to the train station, where my mother and a few of Matthew's family member's stand. My mother is crying again. I look away from my mother, I can't talk to her, so what is the point? I carefully walk onto the train and look out the window. I wave sadly at my mother then turn away. I sit down on a seat and wait for Matthew to get in. When he finally walks in I've already made myself comfortable. 'You took your time.' I say. He shrugs. 'That because I have more family. In case you didn't notice none of my sisters got killed by a murderous 18-year-old.' He sneers. I immediately stand up and push him against the wall. 'If you ever mention that again I will cut out your heart with a spear.' I hiss. Finnick walks in and sees the expression on my face. He sighs, 'Can't you save killing him for the arena?' he says boredly. I glare at Matthew and sit down. 'I don't know whether I can wait that long.' I say. A smile forms on Finnick's face. 'Classic Veronica.' He says like I'm not here. Matthew looks confused. 'Why are you two acting like you've known each other for years?' he asks. 'Because we have.' Finnick says. He sits down next to me. 'So where is Mags and Benedict?' I ask him. 'Next car over.' he says. I nod. There's silence for a while before Benedict walks in with Mags trailing behind. Benedict has a glass of alcohol in his hand. I've never had alcohol before and I don't plan on having any. I'll probably die before I get the chance anyway. Benedict is wearing a black suit and his dark brown hair is slicked over. He's very down to earth compared to other capitol citizens. The only way he really looks like a capitol citizen at all is the way he dresses. I once heard someone say that he said he's not a huge fan of the capitol fashions. 'Okay,' Finnick says, standing up 'First things first, we can watch the other reapings. We can have a good look at your competition.' He picks up a remote from the coffee table I've rested my feet on and points it at a screen. It flickers on to show district 1. The tributes names are Emerald and Plaid. District 1 names are weird. The tribute from district 2 two are named Mia and Miles. Mia practically volunteered before the original name was called, talk about a career tribute. Finnick pauses the video before it moves on to district 3. 'As you may know those are the careers tributes. Watch out for them, and I recommend you avoid this Mia girl. She's very enthusiastic as far as I can tell.' He explains before pressing another button so it will play again. I watch closely, studying the tributes reactions carefully. I can't help but feel sorry for the girl from 7. She is only 12 and by the looks of it her sister, well I think it was her sister anyway, didn't care. If I'd been called when I was 12 my sister would have definitely volunteered. She was still alive then. We watched the rest of the reapings and Finnick turned back to us. 'I'd also like to say that apparently once the boy from 7 cut off a guy's ear for calling him stupid. So be careful.' He sat down again and it was quiet. I stood up and walked over to Mags. 'Can you show me around?' I asked. I hadn't spoken to Mags much, but I did know that she was very kind. She smiled and nodded. I followed her about the train. She didn't talk very much so I did my best to understand her. The last place she showed me was a bedroom. 'Is this mine?' I asked. She nodded. 'Okay, I think I'll stop here.' She nodded and walked off. I entered the room and closed the door. I'm in the Hunger Games. There's no denying it now. I'm not going to die though. I promised my mom I would win and I will. At least, I'll try to win. Maybe if I make an alliance I'll have a better chance at survival. That twelve-year-old from 7 looks like she'd make a good ally. I think her name was Bailey? I know it's pretty stupid to think that she'd make a good ally, but she'd be light and quick on her feet. Just a thought, but maybe I could get into the career alliance. It's been known to happen in the past, a tribute from 4 getting into the career alliance. Not that I will, I probably won't even have a chance. I notice clothes on my bed, they're pyjamas. A blue top with white bottoms. I take off the clothe I'm wearing and pull those ones on. I look around the