Early morning of July 4th, 1996 Hera did not want to visit the hags again. It has only been exactly 2 years since she made the short trip from her palace atop Mount Olympus to their temple about halfway down the same mountain, but she was already dreading the task. But they wouldn't wait any longer for her decision. Even the Fates themselves had limited patience. It was early morning, so early that the sun had yet to rise in fact. Even from up here on Mount Olympus, thousands of feet from the ground below, Hera saw only a tinge of light creeping up from the horizon. Wind whipped through the deserted streets, making hollow sounds. She stood outside the small temple of the Fates that was set into the mountainside, eyeing the bronze handle of the door apprehensively. Just as she reached out to open it, the door swung inward on its own just like two years ago. They were expecting her. With a huff of annoyance, she strode inside. It was a small temple, but Hera knew there was more to it. The temple consisted of simply one room, made of a plain grey marble stone. Small slit-like windows in the walls let in the sunlight during the day, but it was dark now in the pre-dawn. In the center of the room was a pedestal to set offerings upon, though it was currently empty. The back of the room was darker, so Hera conjured up a torch in her right hand for light. As the room became illuminated, her eyes fell upon the carving on the back wall. It depicted the Fates the way most paintings or carvings depicted them; Clotho the Spinner on the left, she who spins out the thread of life for each mortal being; Lachesis the Apportioner in the center, she who decided how long the threads, and the lives along with them, would be; And Atropos the Inflexible on the right, smaller but somehow even more terrible looking than her sisters, she who cut the thread when it was a mortal's time to die. Above each of them were their respective names written in Ancient Greek, and below the carving was their collective name; the Moirai, which translated to the Fates. Hera approached the carving slowly, walking around the empty altar. Many demigods and minor gods who came here left fresh fruits and gold and other offerings for the Moirai, in the hopes that they would be blessed with good fortune. But the Fates spun the threads the way they wanted, and no amount of offerings would sway them. Taking one more step forward, Hera reached out and pressed her palm against the center of the marble carving. As soon as she made contact, the marble carving shuddered. Withdrawing her hand, she watched as the carving slowly pulled back from the wall then moved aside, revealing a tunnel leading downwards and a crude staircase carved into the floor. Before Hera could take another step forward, she heard a voice whisper from down the stairs. "Enter, queen of the gods, and seek the guidance of fate..." Hera shivered at the voice as it seemed to slowly make its way through one ear then out the other. She didn't know which of the three had spoke to her just then; they all sounded the same to her. Old and wise of course, but raspy and a little condescending, as if they knew everything that was going to happen and nothing could ever surprise them...Which, unfortunately, was true. It made Hera feel uncomfortable around them. As she descended the stairs, Hera could feel the air growing cooler around her and she knew she was getting closer to the center of Mount Olympus itself. The air was still and the narrow walls of the tunnel were slick, so she kept one arm wrapped around her waist as her other arm held the torch in front of her. Finally, Hera reached the end of the tunnel, which opened into a huge cavern. She couldn't see the ceiling, nor could she see the back of the cavern. The walls attached to the doorway she now stood in simply curved away until she couldn't see them anymore. It was dark, but the Fates sat on a bench about 50 feet in front of Hera, and bright candles floated in the air around them to provide them with light. The women didn't look up from their work as Hera approached, and just continued what they were doing. Clotho on the left was holding a ball of brown yarn, Lachesis was measuring the thread coming off of it, and Atropos waited with her shears for Lachesis to finish measuring so she could cut the thread. They wore plain dresses formed from old dirty rags, and their skin was like wrinkled leather. They must have looked beautiful in their younger years, but Hera wondered if fate itself even had younger years. Probably not. "So, you come to us for guidance yet again, Hera," said Lachesis from the middle, looking up at Hera. Hera cleared her throat, gripping the torch more tightly. "Yes, I have. You three know as well as I do that the Titans are stirring. Prometheus, the slime ball, has escaped from his torture and we know what he intends to do. He's going to eventually try to free Krios, Koios, Hyperion, and Iapetus. And then they will seek to save Kronos from his own fate! We can't let-" Clotho held her left hand up, still holding the ball of yarn with her right. "Silence, Hera," she rasped, even her quiet voice echoing through the seemingly endless room. Hera's expression turned indignant. This was why she disliked the Fates so much. They always acted so superior to the gods, even Zeus and herself, the king and queen! "You approached us exactly two years ago, when your husband, Zeus, bore a second child with his mortal mistress. You told us you sensed the Titans of old stirring, including the consciousness of the worst Titan of all. And you began to create a plan involving this newborn baby boy." Hera rolled her eyes, nodding. "Yes, yes, I know! When the Titans rise, the Giants will certainly come after, just as they did millennia ago." Clotho nodded. "Yes indeed. Just as it has been before, so it will be again. However..." Lachesis picked up her sister's sentence, smiling crookedly at Hera as she continued measuring the string she held. "These two wars will be different than the original ones. During the first Titan war, the gods were at their full power. They had the prayers of many mortals to empower them, and their strength was futher fueled by their will to overthrow their evil forebears. But now, they are weaker. They relied on mortals for strength, and the mortals lost their faith in the gods and have nearly forgotten them. The Titans are not dependant on mortals for power, and their thousands of years of imprisonment have added to their rage. If things remain the same...the gods will not win the coming war." Hera had considered these things before, as soon as she sensed that the bonds holding the various Titans starting to weaken. But now, with the Moirai confirming these fears, Hera started to worry. "So that's it then? There's no way to win? The Titans of the four corners of the world will rise, and wake Kronos, and he'll overthrow us? I refuse to accept this!" Hera shouted, stomping her left foot so hard it cracked the stone floor. After the echo faded, the room was silent for a moment. Hera was about to speak again, but the woman on the right, Atropos, had lifted her shears to the string and cut it with a soft snip. Hera paled. She knew all about how these hags were crazy about yarn, and how they tied each mortal life to the strings. But she had never watched in person when one of the strings was cut. It didn't mean that person died right then, of course. The cutting of the yarn represented how a person's life would end, while Lachsis measured how long it would last and everything that happened during it. Hera wasn't much into knitting or anything, but even she understood the gravity of deciding someone's fate. After Atropos cut the yarn the excess string vanished, leaving only the completed life of the mortal that it represented. The ball that Clotho was holding seemed to pull in the rest of the string until it was just a simple ball of yarn, neatly wrapped up. It started glowing a bright brown, the same color as the yarn itself. Clotho released it, and it ascended into the air above until it disappeared. Before Hera could speak, two glowing balls of yarn, one sea green and one sky blue, came down from different parts of the room and landed in each of Lachesis's hands. Hera recognized these two from her last trip here. The green one was the life of Percy Jackson, the sea god's brat. The blue one... "Jason Grace," Hera said with disdain. She had mixed feelings about this demigod. She normally hated most demigods, especially ones that her husband sired with any mortal women, like Jason's older sister Thalia. Jason, however...Hera felt differently towards him. After all, it wasn't actually Zeus himself that was the boy's father, but Zeus's Roman form, Jupiter. It was the first time two siblings had been born under different aspects of a god, and Hera knew it would endanger many people if they grew up together. Which is why, as soon as she learned of Jason's existence, she started hatching a plan to seperate him from his sister. She visted the Moirai two years ago, just after Zeus brought her this newborn baby boy that she named herself, and sought their advice on the situation. They told her many things that she, and many other Olympians, didn't know. Like how Poseidon also broke the pact and had a boy named Percy Jackson. They also informed her that a great evil was coming, which Hera recently figured out is the Titans. Lachesis held the two balls of yarn out to Hera, showing her that each round ball had a tiny strand of yarn barely an inch long protruding from it, whereas the previous brown ball had a string several feet long. "These are the lives of Perseus Jackson and Jason Grace. But they are unfinished. When you came to us two years ago, we promised to only spin them two more years of life, so you would be able to choose their paths. We did this, against our better judgement. But two years have passed. What is your plan for them, Queen Hera? Let us hear it so we may decide their fates." Hera closed her eyes for a moment, trying to collect her thoughts. The Moirai said that the gods, in their present state, would not be able to fight the coming war even with the help of their demigod children. How could they improve their current state to make themselves stronger? Hera doubted that going to Ares's gym here on Olympus and doing a few sets of push-ups was going to cut it. She looked at the two balls Lachesis was holding out to her. Percy and Jason. Poseidon and Zeus...No. Poseidon and Jupiter, Greek and Roman...That's it! She almost dropped her torch in excitement. "Greek and Roman," Hera said aloud, feeling a tingling in her spine as she said it. She hadn't even thought about her Roman form, Juno, in years. Yes, all the gods still had those aspects to them. Some gods even had more or less demigod children in certain aspects. For example, Hermes has way more kids as Hermes than he does as Mercury. But Hera...as the goddess of marriage, she values her relationship with Zeus even when he does cheat