Katherine giggled. The sound of calm waters splashing filled the crisp air as Katherine moved to lean on the edge of the tub. Her dark arm rested against the cool white surface, her cheek lying on her arm, curiously gazing at Deanna with a sense of fondness that most didn't understand could exist within platonic love. A smile adorned her face, white teeth peeking out through faintly parted pomegranate colored lips. Love rested in her heart, sending waves of shuddering warmth from her drumming organ to the surface, while she waited for her friend to respond. Deanna's green eyes locked with Katherine's lively irises of forest green pools and sunset gold flecks, staring steadily with a knowing smirk. She knew her friend all too well. Placing an elbow on her knee, and her chin upon the palm of her hand, she leaned on the edge of her seat, drawing closer to Katherine. Their faces inches apart, eyes exchanging silent messages. If someone were to walk in, they might have been taken back with the room illuminated by candles, the rich rose scent of Katherine's bath filling the air, and two girls face to face. To see Katherine, not even hidden in her bubbly water, staring intently at Deanna, who was clad in a creamy robe that barely went past her mid thigh, one might assume that there was romance between the two girls, who did, indeed, love each other quite tenderly. "Tell me, Katie, about how we'll be together forever," Deanna prompted with a sad smile. Katherine gave Deanna's hand a squeeze before she fell into her bath water, cleansing her hair with the scent of rosemary and mint. Deanna sighed, lounging on the edge of the tub, waiting for her petite friend to resurface. As morbid as Katherine was at times, Deanna knew her friend would never leave her alone in the world. Besides, Deanna figured that drowning herself wasn't Katherine's style anyways. At the sound of a gasp, Deanna's body twitched as she seemed to perk up. Katherine sputtered slicking her light coffee colored, wet hair back, not liking how it clung to her face. Her nose crinkled and her eyebrows furrowed, making a spitefully angry face at Deanna, as if it were her fault that she, Katherine, hadn't the air to live under the cleansing water a bit longer. Deanna didn't seem bothered by this. They had been friends since they were in elementary school, back when detention was one of the scariest things in the world. Unlike those days, the two girls existed in their own little world, loyal to only themselves. They often forgot that they hadn't always known each other, and that long ago, there was a time when it was just them in their lonely world. At an all girl's school, it wasn't strange for girls to be joined at the hip. There was a sisterly nature in every single one of the students. It could be seen in the ways that the girl's exchanged smiles, in the way that they assisted each other without a single hesitation most of the time. There was unwritten rules with feminine friendship and compassion in their gated community that they called their school. Katherine didn't have to look at her face to know Deanna was donning an expression of bittersweet pain as the girl fetched Katherine's robe. Her own dampen locks clinging to the soft fabric of a creamy robe that seemed to rise and fall near her rear. Katherine noticed, yes, but she never stared at Deanna in a way that was beyond sisterly. "I'd promise, but the universe is cruel with promises and vows. It's kind of like the one where we promised not to indulge in sinful desires," Katherine pointed out. Deanna's creamy cheeks flushed as she remembered how she once had to hide an R-rated movie that showed her favorite actor almost nude under her floorboard when there was a room inspection. At a Catholic school, having seasons upon seasons of a show that holds not only violence but also a profuse amount of nudity, was, without a doubt, a violation of the student handbook. "And I remember some very lemony fanfiction links you had stored on your laptop, Missy. I'm pretty sure you don't want me to make a promise as well kept as that one, huh?" Katherine added with her hands on her hips and an elvish smile upon her lips at the sight of Deanna's muscles tensing. Before Katherine could react, a heavy and wet towel slapped against her face before falling to the ground. Her jaw was slackened as she stammered for a verbal response to her friend's out of character violence. Though it didn't hurt her much, Katherine's grin curled and twisted maliciously as she proceeded to fling the towel back at her friend. Before not, the two girls were chasing each other around the tub, splashing about and causing a ruckus. When a knock came upon their door, they expected it to be one of the other neighboring girls. The two girls giggled, shushing each other as they climbed into their beds that they pushed together. Girls were supposed to be in bed by ten, asleep by eleven. The time, in the present, was currently dawning on the next day. So, it was with sweetness and fondness that the two exchanged a "goodnight" and an "I love you" before trying to quickly fall asleep. Legs weaved together, holding each other's hands. Morning was coming, and they would revel in their closeness as much as possible until morning came. Though they wanted sweet dreams, nothing but dreams of them lounging under their favorite tree in the quad. They wanted to dream of the time when Natalie Kuang had gotten so sick on a field trip that the bus was stranded near a music festival for hours. They wanted to remember all the times when they looked at each other and found their own sun, their center of gravity. It wasn't romantic love. It was pure love. It was compassion. It was empathy. It was the bond that could only exist within two people sharing the same soul. It was friendship. And when morning came, they'd be ripped apart. Deanna's parents were getting a divorce, and due to the instability of their income, her mother couldn't afford to send Deanna to St. Mary's Academy, so she was sending Deanna to live with her uncle, Charlie. Deanna begged, pleaded, and even fell to her knees trying to get her to stay. She applied for scholarships, scholarships that she should have gotten had St. Mary's not have a prejudice over students that weren't Catholic. And so, the two spirit bound girls were being separated. Katherine swore up and down to fight like hell to keep Deanna at St. Mary's, but Deanna wouldn't let Katherine be convicted for arson. When morning came, they would hold each other tightly until four adults would have to rip them apart, kicking and screaming. Some called them co-dependent, but both were rather independent women. It was by choice that they be fiercely loyal... But how far could their loyalty last on opposite sides of the country? "Deanna, how long are you going to continue to give me the silent treatment?" Her mother asked exasperatedly. Katherine's blue eyes continued to look everywhere except for her mother. She was always a stubborn girl. When she was seven, her mother told her that she wouldn't be allowed to eat until she agreed to apologize to the Priest that she called a "fascist asshole." After a day, her mother put a plate in front of her and told her to eat. Deanna just stared her mother in the eyes and continued to stare in silence. The spanking came, and Deanna made her lip bleed to stop herself from screaming. It was alarming when three days passed. The fourth day, Deanna passed out and had to be taken to the hospital. That was when Deanna's mother knew her daughter was different. Instead of taking her to a psychiatrist, her mother forced her to go to church. Deanna rebelled, but never before, seeing as she now knew that if it wasn't her mother forcing her to do things it would be a legal authority. So, she struck back coldly. She'd scratch the wood on the pews, "accidentally" get sick to avoid duty, and even shriek and throw a fit whenever her mother would force her into extra hours. And all that she got in return was being sent to St. Mary's. Little did Deanna's mother know that Deanna would meet her ultimate partner in crime, the young philosopher in the making, Katherine Marks. And though her rebellion died out, Margot Walsh never looked at Deanna the same. "Deanna... You can't hate me forever." Silence. "Deanna, you're getting on a plane and are going across the country. Please, can't you just forgive me so that if this is the last time that I see you, then I can take comfort that you and I left on loving notes?" Silence. "Deanna." The girl just turned her head away. "Deanna, please..." Deanna just pursed her lips and looked down. She wouldn't give in. She never gave in. She was stubborn like that. For the sake of her mother, though, she gave a reluctant hug and nodded the woman goodbye before departing for her plane. The whole time listening to a playlist that Katherine had compiled for her. She couldn't text or call Katherine from a plane. Still, she had that comfort that Katherine's beautiful music was playing in her head. Sure, she had a silver locket of her and Katherine, but it was a whole different experience to hear Katherine's music. Every note was meaningful and significant, specifically chosen in order to create an experience unlike any other. Deanna, in one sitting, could listen to Katherine's love, passion, devastation, and elation because nothing of Katherine's was ever less than moving. By the time her flight was over, Deanna was wiping tears from her eyes as she listened to a song titled "A Dream of Deanna," an epic requiem of the dreams they shared together. Numbly, when the time came, her legs had sluggishly carried her off the plane, to luggage claim, and to a man with a police uniform on. Though it had been a long time since she last saw Charlie, but he hadn't changed. As soon as she saw him, a wide smile came upon her face, pearly whites flashing as she ran into his welcoming embrace that sent a strong sense of home into her heart. It was that same kind of warmth of an extremely familiar and pleasant memory returning to the heart. Charlie was a common recipient of her calls from School. There were no phones during school hours, but the land lines were opened on breaks, free periods, etc. She loved him like the father she never truly had. He was kind, caring, and knew just when to talk and when to leave her be. He didn't push her as hard as her parents, and actually preferred she not lose mental health over a test or quiz from school. And she was his surrogate daughter. Bella, his biological daughter, was a very introverted and loner of a daughter. She never showed much an interest in anyone and was most certainly hated the rainy town of Forks. Not to even mention that the girl never really needed a father as far as anyone could tell. She was so quiet and obedient that no one ever truly had much a problem with raising her. Isabella practically came out of the womb matured. Deanna wasn't that. Deanna was introverted and extroverted. She was revolutionary, passionate, and above all, curious. She asked questions, she dared to chase even the wildest of ideas, and she pushed hard for what she wanted. And, like the human she was, she had a tendency to shatter