Hello! Python's Cave is my fanfic that takes place about two weeks after the end of BoO (contains BoO spoilers!). It will go back and forth between the POV's of Will, Nico, Lou Ellen, and Cecil as they embark on a quest to save Apollo. First and foremost, this is mainly a whole lot of Solangelo. This is my very first fanfic, so try not to judge me too harshly! Please leave a review and let me know what you think! I also appreciate helpful criticism towards my writing, so feel free to do that. :) Thank you for reading, and please leave a review! *I do not own anything PJO or HoO! All that awesomeness belongs to the amazing Rick Riordan.* Intro: Winter In Summer For one week after the War, everything at Camp Half-Blood was golden. The Stoll brothers stole things, the Athena kids debated the semantics of medieval historical documents, and the Aphrodite kids sat around reapplying their lip-gloss and insulting everyone else. Percy pelted his enemies with water balloons, and Jason begged Annabeth for help with building the thousands of shrines he'd promised Kymopoleia. As it was soon discovered, he hadn't the foggiest how to design a single one of them. It was the Utopian quintessence of Camp Half-Blood. The sun shone, the fighting was kept to minor mutilations, and the two camps didn't want to massacre each other. Everything was perfect. Well... perfect for anyone who wasn't a ghastly, grumpy, aloof, uncouth, curmudgeon son of Hades. Indeed, Nico di Angelo considered it to be the most obscenely sanguine place he'd ever had the misfortune to be forced-to-stay-at-on-pain-of-death by a blue-eyed, blonde-haired, son of the Sun God who fancied himself a healer. When Will Solace wasn't failing at archery, and bursting people's ear drums with his singing, he was guaranteed to be found in the infirmary, rather making people bleed with needles instead, and playing doctor. At least, that's how Nico imagined his profession. Of course, if he couldn't be found doing any of those things either, he was most certainly trailing after the son of Hades. Will claimed it was to keep an eye on him and make sure he didn't skip town, but Nico wasn't so sure. No one could possibly be so annoying, sheerly by default. No matter how rude and obnoxious and pitiful Nico made himself, nothing would shake the fool. The blonde boy followed him around like a content puppy with sad eyes who enjoyed being kicked and scolded... Then the perfection-that-was-not-perfection-to-Nico faltered. The temperatures plummeted. The sun dimmed in the sky, a pale bowl lacking warmth and energy. The Camper's felt it's change, most especially the children of Apollo. Despite the summertime, a chill bit into the air. With each passing morning, they awoke to see the grass covered in a thickening hoarfrost. The dew that blanketed the strawberry fields crystallized into callous beads, which suffocated and burned the plants on whom they glittered. It seemed Nico alone didn't mind the frigid temperatures. Though unnatural, it was a welcome relief from the heat that scorched his dreams. Night after night, he found himself stumbling through the parched throat that was Tartarus. His surroundings flickering and distorting, the flame of a candle on it's metaphorical death rattle. The threat of monsters was the only thing that pushed him to continue. 'Just a little further', he thought to himself each time, 'a little further and I'll reach the end.' It was a lie and he knew it. No matter how many times he repeated it to himself, no amount of repetition would make it true. It was madness, utter insanity. He felt it's claws digging firmly into his back, just out of reach. With every visit it penetrated deeper and he worried about the day it would reach his heart. It was all a lie. He could feel it. Something was coming. Chapter One: Monsters Inside and Out (And Inside-Out as Well) Nico jolted awake in his bunk inside the Hades cabin at Camp Half Blood. "It's okay, I'm fine, it was just a-" His mumbling faded as he realized he was alone. He shook his head, chagrined. Two weeks after Gaea's defeat, and he still expected to wake up in the infirmary with a blue-eyed, blonde-haired Will Solace frowning down at him in evident worry. That should be the true cause of my nightmares, he thought groggily. A glance at his alarm clock told him it was 4 a.m.. The phantom heat from his dream parched his throat and he staggered to the sink, where he gulped down as much water as he could. He splashed his face with it, and then watched the stream trickle through his fingertips for a moment. He had spent four and a half years of his life convinced that everyone hated him. He avoided their stares like it was them, and not he, who radiated death. He stayed on the move, never allowing himself to get comfortable. His past was lonely and discordant, but he'd always believed he was doing others a favor. He'd learned to survive on his own somehow, fighting monsters solo, facing the nightmares armed with nothing but his wits. And unfortunately, nightmares were a fact of life for Nico di Angelo. Abruptly, he shut the water back off. He knew better than to try to fall back asleep, and instead tugged on his tattered sneakers and slipped out the front door. His breath hitched as a gust of icy wind struck him. It made the hair on his arms stand on end and he struggled to inhale for a moment. It bit into his skin, despite his t-shirt and sweatpants, and he pulled his hoodie tightly around himself. In habit, his fingers closed on the small Mythomagic figurine he always carried in his pocket. For a moment he stood on the front steps of the Hades cabin, taking in the night. The crisp smell of pine trees filled his nose, and the wind howled softly in his ears. The cabins were oppressive and claustrophobic. He needed to escape. He ran to the lake, only stopping when the stitch in his side became unbearable. His lungs and eyes burned and he wondered how he'd managed to get so out of shape. He wondered if the whole war- Tartarus, imprisonment, Gaea, all of it- had finally caught up to him. Then he slid down against the rough trunk of an oak tree and cried. When he'd fled from his cabin he hadn't known where he was hoping to get to, or what he was hoping to find when he got there. Perhaps somewhere just a little less scary, a little more familiar. Or maybe just somewhere isolated where no one would see him break down. But now that he was here, he knew this wasn't it. It was only somewhere to be just as scared and much more alone. Eventually it ended, leaving him feeling drained and hollow. He stared blankly out at the lake watching small sheets of ice melt on the black surface. A glimmer of light caught his attention, and he peered back down the trail. Someone was walking in his direction, strides long and slinking like a cat. The moonlight shown down fiercely enough for him to make out the glint of sun-kissed blonde hair. Like a sixth sense, Nico knew instantly who it was. Will Solace. Nico hesitated. No doubt if he didn't evade him, the son of Apollo would pester and bother him until sunrise. He considered briefly crouching behind the tree, but it seemed a little juvenile. Or better yet, he could shadow travel out of camp all-together. Something stayed him where he was though. It might have been the thrum of butterflies racing against his heartbeat which always bloomed around the blonde boy, or just the intrigue of why a son of Apollo was out in the cold all alone, but it hardly mattered. Perhaps it was simply because a part of him enjoyed his company. "Will?" Nico murmured. Nico heard a sharp intake of breath as Will started at the sound of his voice. He'd spoken softly, but as a son of Hades, it seemed he had a special gift for scaring the crap out of people. At least, he tried to view it as a gift. "Nico?" Will whispered back, peering towards him in the darkness. "Yeah, it's me." Nico murmured. He saw the silhouette of Will's shoulders relax. The movement puzzled Nico. Who else did he think it was? "What are you doing out here?" Will asked quietly. His breath misted in a white cloud as he spoke. "It's freezing." Nico scowled. "I could ask you the same thing Solace." "I was just coming back from the infirmary." Will said easily, walking up to him. "I had the night shift with Kayla and I saw you over here." When he moved closer Nico finally saw his face. He had deep shadows under his eyes, darkening like bruises. His eyes were red-rimmed, and his golden hair was unkempt and disheveled. His skin seemed pale, as if he was coming down with something. He looked exhausted and Nico wondered when it last was that he'd had a proper night's sleep. He doubted it was since before the battle. Nico had seen the infirmary afterwards, full to bursting point with injured demigods. Will was the best healer in camp. Nico would never be caught dead admitting it, but he had watched in awe as Will managed to save what must have been the lives of at least thirty demigods, from both the Greeks and the Romans. Nico wasn't one to be caught playing mother hen, but he suddenly had the unbidden desire to order the poor guy to bed immediately. "Your turn," Will murmured. "Why are you sitting out here in the cold?" Nico hesitated. "I was going for a walk," he muttered shortly. He saw Will's expression brighten hopefully and added, "Alone." "I love going for walks alone." Will said with a small smile. "I'll join you." Nico held back a groan as Will plopped down next to him and leaned back against the tree. For a second his hand brushed against Nico's. The feeling was warm and pleasant, and made his arm tingle. It was also foreign and unexpected and he scooted away from him spitefully. "What part of 'alone' don't you understand Solace?" He moaned, kicking grumpily at the frosted grass. "I'll be quiet." Will promised. "You won't even know I'm here." "Solace!" Nico turned and glared at him. Will held up his hands. "Hey, if you don't want me here, don't beat around the bush." He said. He looked at Nico in amused expectance, like he didn't believe the son of Hades would actually send him away. " Okay ." Nico scowled. "I don't want you here Solace." Will scrunched his nose at him. "You could've beaten around the bush a little," he muttered. He drew his eyebrows together in a pout. "Please? I really don't want to go back to my cabin right now." "No. Go away." Nico shifted anxiously, the frozen grass crackling under him. Will didn't leave but he was no longer talking either. Nico looked at him in surprise, to see him staring desolately at the frosted ground. Nico was stunned. In the two weeks he'd known the son of Apollo, he had never seen him simply turn down the chance to argue with Nico. He seemed like a different person altogether, rather than the bright-eyed, exuberant guy Nico had grown accustomed to over the past two weeks. He was only wearing a flimsy t-shirt. He had to be freezing, and yet he didn't shiver or even try to shield himself from the cold. "Will?" Nico asked softly, worried in spite of himself. Will jerked and looked up sharply, like his mind had been wrenched forcefully from dark side of a distant planet. He stared blankly at