Feral Friday January 5, 2035 Xxx " I am not driven by hatred; I am not driven by fear, nor am I driven by desire, duty, or any rationale. I can no longer feel any of these, all that remains is Retribution; Cold and hard and final." -Isabella Marie Swan Xxx LPOV (Leah) There was storm coming, everyone with a supernatural bone in his or her body could feel it, and when it arrived, a shit storm would be right behind it. Training was a must, all the new wolves and old wolves and even older wolves were put to the test and driven to their limits and then beyond Jasper ran a death camp but I could see the results and I liked them so I couldn't complain. Charlie didn't want any part of the training so Seth, Jacob and I helped train him away from everyone he was a natural. He differed from us Shifters in so many ways he was a natural fighter because of being bitten by a Lycan but in many ways, he was very similar in ways. However, the thought of being in the vicinity of the leeches that cost him his daughter, not even the usually cool and collected Charlie Swan could deal with that. Mom trained with us as well, she hadn't phased in so long that she began to age but by now I could see the results of her unleashing her wolf she's beginning to wind back age wise at least. "Leah pay attention." Jasper hissed I caught his fist easily as it was aimed at me. "Just because I'm drifting off doesn't mean I'm not paying attention just means your boring me which means soon the student will outclass the master." I replied. "If anyone was to be able to surpass me Leah I agree it would be you." Jasper smiled, "How is Charlie doing?" "Training wise he was made to fight; with you and your family being back? I'd watch my back because I don't see Charlie not taking his chance at wiping you and your family out if he gets it." I tell him honestly. "I agree with Charlie, Edward should not have left her alone in the woods it's a dangerous place but I agree with Rose as well your Alpha he is hiding something trust me I'm an Empath I know these things." Jasper responded. "I agree he is and has been for the pass 32 years but the Alpha's mind is off limits unless Jake takes his place we'll never know what he is hiding and do you honestly think Jake is going to step up?" "I can't say I do." Jasper replied, "It's sad though all that potential wasted because he's not ready to grow up." "If it weren't for Seth I'd be a lone wolf." I admitted. "I can see that it actually it'd fit you better than being in a pack especially with your current pack." "GUYS!" Emmett yelled. Everyone ran over to Emmett and Alice. "What is it?" Jasper asked hugging Alice. "I had a vision of the person that's coming." Alice cried. "And?" Jake asked impatiently. I picked the sketch book up it was uncanny she looked a lot like Bella in some ways just resemblances here and there whereas Bella was gentle and sweet this woman looks wild and feral her hair seems to defy gravity and floats whether Alice just drew her like that or that's what she looked like its disturbing. The picture itself has an eerie forewarning to it, like those Beware Dog signs you know that it's not a good thing my instincts are screaming at me to run somewhere anywhere that's not here. "She looks a lot like Bella doesn't she?" Emmett asked innocently. Both Sam and Jared stiffened, and I can tell I wasn't the only one that noticed. "Something you boys want to tell us?" Jasper asked. "No picture just freaks me out a little." Sam lied. Jasper looked me in the eyes and I knew it even without him telling me they were lying but why? Why lie about something so insignificant as that? Why freeze up just because the woman in the picture has an uncanny resemblance to Isabella Swan unless…unless Sam and Jared really do know what happened to the girl. "When will she arrive and how many newborns will there be with her?" Jasper asked. "That's just the thing Jasper when she arrives there won't be anyone but her yet our future still becomes black all of ours." Alice stated. "There is no way one leech can take out all of us your coven alone stands at 7, 3 with powers including the Denali that's like 5 with 1 power and there's a literal pack of wolves backing you how is that even possible?" Jake asked. "Maybe she arrives before the Denali?" Rosalie inputs. "No Tanya was there as was Irina and Laurent I could hear Laurent's name being called out." "What do we do?" Esme asked. "We train and we prepare ourselves for the fight of our lives." Emmett boomed. "I'm with Emmett I won't go down without a fight!" I snarled. "Carlisle." A woman's voice called out I turned around to see one of the most beautiful vampire I had every seen and I've seen Rosalie naked twice. "Tanya." Carlisle greeted happily. Yet again Sam and Jared stiffened staring at the dude with the dreads that I believe is Laurent. "We got your distressing call and got here as soon as possible." Tanya replied. "Thank you." "No need to thank me just yet Carlisle." Tanya smiled I looked her in the eyes and she had just become my world my everything my mate. "Oh shit." Seth laughed, "Leah imprinted!" He hooted. "Go Lee!" Emmett boomed. "Just so you know she's a succubus I'm imagining she's very good in bed." Jasper mock whispered. I blushed and Tanya smiled sensually and walked over to me. "I'm Tatiana Denali but friends call me Tanya." "L-Leah Clearwater." I stuttered groaning I grew some balls, "Pleasure to meet you." "Trust me the pleasure is all mine." She grinned. "Oh sorry I didn't mean to interrupt the touching get together." A woman stood about a hundred feet from us just like in the picture her mere presence unnerving me greatly. " You !" Laurent hissed. Her eyes landed on him and the emotions that flew by caused even me whiplash she threw her hands out her index and middle fingers only extended and bright, sharp silver lightening shot out hitting Laurent in the chest the screams that echoed would haunt me for the rest of my life and then some. " Laurent ." One of the other blonde-haired women went to attack but was held back by the Spanish male with them. "STOP!" The blonde vampire screamed. "I don't think I will." She said hardheartedly, "For the time of retribution is at hand." She smirked. The vampire was starting to smoke little flames began to ignite in different areas of his body. " Please ." She begged. "No." The uttered word fell out of her mouth so carelessly her emotions hidden, that is if she had any to start with. "What did he do?" Tanya asked calmly but I can see the pain of seeing the other blonde woman pained her. "He made me what I am today." She snarled the lightening grew stronger and turned a bright blue hue then stopped and Laurent fell to the ground his body twitching repeatedly but he made no move to get up. The blonde vampire ran to him and went to touch him, "I wouldn't if I were you lightening is a very deadly element and is known to never strike the same area twice but…I can always make an exception." She smirked staring at Laurent in disgust. "Why have you come here?" Carlisle asked respectfully. "Cause I recently killed a man and he had a tattoo on his arm 2 actually one said that ' Only God could judge me ' and the other was ' Home is where your heart is. ' I don't much have heart these days haven't for the past 30 something odd years but I do have just one sweet love that I would do anything to get back." That was surprising the way she spoke of this person was like a shifter would speak of its imprint, the way her voice caressed every word like silk it was undeniable. "We might be able to help you if we have a name." Carlisle offered. "Carlisle sweet kind gullible Carlisle you've live hundreds of years yet still here you are as naïve as a newborn I didn't come here for a lover no I came here to do what I love." "And that is?" Jake asked. "Kill." She smirked, "I came home to kill it seems fitting doesn't it ' Home is where your heart is ' well my heart died 32 years ago well not died I don't much like that word very much my heart stopped 32 years ago thanks to that piece of shit." She hissed. "What about the newborns I saw?" Alice asked. "Like I'd need a newborn army to kill you all whoever you saw with the newborns wasn't me I only came for 3 people he," She said pointing at Laurent who was still twitching, "Just happened to be in the right place at the right time." "You said 3?" Carlisle asked. "Yes they know who they are don't you?" She said staring at Sam and Jared. "We were doing our JOBS!" Sam bellowed. "So your jobs changed from killing vampires to burying them alive and leaving them weak in coffins chained down starved beyond compare? That is your job?" She asked calmly, "What'd you tell my father when he was looking for me? Sending people all over those woods trying to find me? What did you tell my father when he cried himself to sleep because I was gone and never coming back? Did you tell him Sam did you tell Charlie that I was never coming home? Did you tell him how you buried me in a coffin covered in concrete and left me there to rot for 13 years? DID YOU TELL HIM THAT?! Did you tell him how you were just doing ya job then?" The look of utter hate marred her face. Everyone was shocked to the core by both their confessions. It was hard trying to follow the timeline given what I'm getting from the picture she is painting is that Laurent turned Bella, while she was turning Sam, Jared and Paul found her and buried her alive in a coffin too weak to escape she stayed their for 13 years til she somehow escaped. This was something out of Sci-fi flick Bella Swan was the feral beast that shook my instincts to their core sweet innocent Bella was now the most dangerous predator here. "Bella?" Everyone turned to see Charlie, how long had he been standing there, "Sam is what she saying true?" Guess long enough. "Charlie we were doing our job!" Jared tried to explain. "Our job is to kill vampires that are threats to our people Jared NOT TORTURE THEM AND BURY THEM ALIVE!" Jake snarled. "She was already dead!" Sam yelled. "Technically my heart was still beating but don't worry Jake cause I'm back and I'm stronger than ever. See Sammy boy what you don't get is that when a vampire goes a few weeks without blood they lose it imagine 13 years without I was catatonic…I was a ticking time bomb just waiting to explode. Luckily the first year wasn't as bad as I thought it would be my body ate itself in a way then the year was over and I was all skin and bones I got stuck in this dream or vision whatever it was kept me busy