That Hunger Peeta has been my neighbor in Victor's Village since four months after the Capitol lost the war. But we spend most nights in each other's houses together because we still need each other. I assassinated President Coin because she killed my little sister, Prim. He saved me from taking the nightlock pill. After I was deemed insane and therefore not responsible for killing Coin, I was sent to live in District 12 for the rest of my life. It was not easy to recover from my traumas. Me and Peeta had the same psychiatrist, Aurelius. Along with Haymitch, Peeta helped me find a reason to keep on living. I still had my nightmares and he had his hijacking-flashbacks. But, we were making progress. I have grey eyes, olive skin, and long straight back hair. I am small in stature. My body is littered with scars and parts of my scalp is bald. I was thin for my age while growing up and I still am in my face. But I my breasts grew and my hips are wider now - thanks in part to Peeta's excellent baking goods. My clothes for hunting and casual days fit differently than they used to. I was not very image-conscious before and not much has changed to this day. I did the bare minimum upkeep. Peeta has blue eyes and wavy, ashy-blond hair. He stopped growing at almost six feet tall. While Peeta was held captive by the Capitol, they starved him. So how he grew this tall was a bit of a mystery to all of us. Gale Hawthorne was taller but Peeta was not so medium in height anymore. He managed to gain most of that weight back because I took to encouraging him to eat every meal, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Snacks if he could manage. We will never have to starve again. He is older now and has left behind the youthful roundness of his face. He has a strong jaw, chiseled cheekbones, and his cheeks were sunken especially whenever he talked. But this was not in the starved, malnourished sort of way. Physically, we were healthier than we had ever been. The tourniquet I used to stop him from hemorrhaging from his left leg during our first Games ended up costing him that leg from the thigh down. The Capitol supplied him with an prosthetic leg afterwards but I felt responsible. But, I am not a doctor. I did the best that I could in the circumstance ... right? Ugh , those are the kind of thoughts that nag at me whenever I see it without warning. Whenever Peeta has a limp in his gate or I see a glimpse of it from the cuff of his pants. But I don't see it often because Peeta wears long pants all the time. Jeans, trousers, and fancy pants. With recovery returned an old preoccupation of mine: Sex. While the Games were still being held, I would not touch that subject with a ten foot pole. But after the war and I recovered enough ... on a whim, I bought a pack of condoms. I purchased them from a discrete mail-order company because I did not feel comfortable buying them with the eyes of District 12 on me in the convenience store. I stored them in my bedside drawer a few months ago when I started feeling better and they've been collecting dust ever since. I awoke to the smell of Peeta cooking. I come downstairs in my pajamas at 7 o'clock. Peeta is cooking and wearing an apron over his jeans and long sleeve shirt. "Good morning," he tells me brightly. Flaky buttered biscuits, sizzling hash browns, and fluffy scrambled eggs with sausages. There was more of it than usual and Haymitch was nowhere to be seen. He still drinks but now he raises geese as a hobby. "Where is he?" I ask. Peeta comments, "You've been pretty distant lately. I selfishly wanted to have breakfast with just you." "Poor Haymitch. Leaving him out." I tease. "I think he'll live." Peeta wrinkles his nose and winks at me. Though there was quite the size difference between us, I could readily eat as much as he could. We serve ourselves and I thank him for the homemade breakfast. "What are you gonna do today?" he asks me. I shrug, "I haven't thought about it yet. Same as always. Maybe take a swim if the weather's good for it. And you?" His prosthetic leg made me worry for him because he got tired quicker than able-bodied people. I didn't like him straining himself. "I think we need to take a step off the beaten path," Peeta says. I look up, "How do you mean?" "I want to take you to one of these places called 'restaurants'." he asks. "Take a break from cooking for ourselves." I loved cooking with him, "If you need a break, I could cook tonight -" "We need to get out, Katniss. In public. Mingle. It'll be good for us. Aurelius recommended it a long time ago." Peeta insisted. I look up into those eyes, "... Ok." Peeta gave a that-was-easier-than-I-anticipated sort of smile, "Ok. These places are rated by stars. One star is bad. Five stars is the best. There's one that opened a couple weeks ago in town. What do you think?" "The best." I repeat. "Meaning its fancy?" Peeta shrugs and smiles, "It'll be nice to dress up for ourselves for once." I hesitate longer this time, "... Ok." "It's a date?" he asks. That gave me pause. I had only just started feeling romantic-closeness to Peeta. I was wondering what Old Me would say but I had to forget about her. This was me now. I can't keep living in the past. Peeta is waiting for an answer. "You know the way to my heart is through my stomach." I accept, simpering at him. Peeta is more cheerful than I have seen him since the war ended. Like this was some victory to get me to go out on a date with him. Considering I'm still dealing with PTSD and depression, I think he's overvaluing his prize. Not that I am a prize to be won, of course. It hasn't hit me yet the significance of the date. I was telling him that I was interested, right? I hope he felt that way because it's true. I want to be happy and he wants to be happy. And we're happiest together. He gave me a warm hug before he left to the Mellark Bakery, "I'll pick you up at 7 o'clock." We did not need to work for our income because of our Games winnings but Peeta enjoyed it. He was more sensitive between us and needed ... daintier distractions. They are daintier than my hobby, which is hunting. He paints and has a way with words I could never have, even if my quotes spurned on the rebellion years ago. I decide to bathe rather than swim in a pond. I spend the whole day fretting about tonight, jumping to a lot of conclusions. Is Peeta my boyfriend now? I, his girlfriend? I picked my burgundy dress with a boat neckline that was fitted around my torso and flared out at my waist. I normally did not wear a bra, and tonight was no exception. The straps would show with this dress anyway. Because I don't shave my legs, I pull on my stockings. I took my trench coat from its hanger for when it gets cold. I did my best attempt with makeup. Just mascara, eyeliner, shadow, and moisturize my lips. No makeup artists or hairdressers to help me now. Because it's cold outside, I free my hair from its braid to keep my ears warm. When the clock strikes 6 o'clock, I am visually ready. It's my mind that needed more time. I knew Peeta wasn't pressuring me into this date. I was ruining it all on my own. I want this. "I want this," I inform my paranoia. At 7 o'clock, I step into my flats. In the mirror, I thought I didn't look too far from my natural self. Just cleaner. I exit my bedroom. I walked down the stairs, distinctly aware of how my flats clapped the floor. Clap, clap, clap, clap. I find Peeta resting in my living room with a bouquet of azaleas in his lap. He stands up when he sees me almost reach the bottom of the stairs. He is wearing a white blouse, dark brown trousers with suspenders, and a dark grey overcoat. "You look beautiful." He says. Up close, I notice that his face is freshly shaven. He smells like cedar wood and his hair is combed, parted off to one side. He looked so handsome and there was a twinkle in his eyes when he saw me. I love to see him so happy and I hope there is a twinkle in mine. "Can I kiss you?" I ask him quietly. I am not sure how he'll react. We haven't kissed in so long, let alone without any threat hanging over our heads. Then he grinned. His expression was beautifully dumbfounded and his face lit up. I couldn't help but smile back. My chest feels tight in anticipation of it. He stooped to kiss me. His mouth tasted like he had been brushing it for years with mint. Our noses dig into each other's cheeks and I could feel his hot breath tingle my skin there. Peeta was so warm. His arms were firm to the touch and his callused hands steadfast. I loved the feel of one spread against my back. My hands were on his flat belly. "We've got a reservation," Peeta laughed, his lips ascending away from mine. I take his hand and we walk from Victors Village to the town. We pull on our coats because the weather decided it was not the perfect night for a date. I had noticed the restaurants in District 12 but never asked what they were. Indeed, I was not the only one. For so long we've barely been able to afford grain and oil. According to Peeta, they have these things in the Capitol. I was used to hunting and trading for food. Buying it with tesseras when hunting was scarce. This has changed of course since the Capitol fell. Hunting is now legal and the people farm. They sell their goods at the markets. But, this was fairly new for us. Almost overly-luxurious. Someone takes our coats at the door and labels them with our names before hanging them in a walk-in closet. I try not to let my PTSD compare this to being served by avoxes. "Mr. Mellark and Ms. Everdeen. Welcome to The Garden. If you'll follow me to your table." said the hostess. Peeta follows her and I follow Peeta. She deposits us at a table that overlooked the meadow. The seats are puffy and the table has a soft cloth covering it. "What do you think?" Peeta asks, his brows furrowing. I realize I don't care where we eat. We could have eaten on a quilt on the ground or at a grimy picnic table. I was just glad I was having dinner with him. It did feel bizarrely good to get out of the house. I might not do it again for a few months, but I'll remember it fondly. I nod, "It's beautiful, Peeta. Thanks for taking me here." Peeta picks up his menu and I follow suit. Inside there was a list of meals to order with the price alongside. I mock the prices with Peeta, "That kind of money could feed a family for a year." "Let's try not to think of what used to be." Peeta suggests. "Think about what's to come." When our waiter comes, he brings a lit candle and a red rose. While his back