{Disclaimer} The entire world of Harry Potter belongs to the wonderful J.K. Rowling. I only came up with the plot ;) Detention The bleak grey skies threatened to spill their load as Hermione, Harry and Ron left greenhouse five. The sodden grass and fallen leaves squelched beneath their feet as the made their way across the grounds. Hermione could feel the cold penetrating deep down to her bones, she held her aching hands to her mouth hoping her breath would create some warmth. "It really isn't that cold Hermione," Ron commented but Hermione just replied with a look and continued to walk on in silence. The students were greeted at the entrance by the sour-faced caretaker, Argus Filch, who was muttering to himself and going mad with his broom. He was trying to sweep the trodden-in leaves out from the entrance hall but with every gust of wind, even more came blowing in, causing Filch to rant and rave whilst shaking his broom and stomping his feet. As they walked past him, Ron let out a poorly suppressed laugh, "I'll remember that picture forever," he said waving his arms about in a poor imitation of the unfortunate caretaker. Hermione swiped at Ron's shoulder but she too let out a quiet giggle. "Nice dance Weasley," Seamus snickered as he made his way up the stairs. Ron flushed. Even the tips of his ears had turned bright red. Ron stalked off with massive strides, without another word; leaving Harry and Hermione to jog along after him. With his massive strides, Ron made it hard for them to catch up, leaving both running and out of breath as they approached the potions classroom. Horace Slughorn, the Potions Master, was already at the door waiting to greet them, as they arrived. Hermione smiled kindly at the portly old teacher before brushing past him and taking her seat beside her two friends. "Come in, come in," the burly professor's voice bellowed around the classroom as he greeted we the last few stragglers to enter. "Right then, we haven't much time today so please take out your books quickly and turn to page forty-six. You will be brewing the Wiggenweld potion and it should take most of the remaining lesson, please begin. Help yourself to anything from the store." The door to the store cupboard sprung open as he gestured to it. Hermione read through the instructions through twice before going to gather her ingredients. Ron and Harry were whispering excitedly on the other side of the table, Hermione recognised the familiar scrawl that had graffitied over Harry's book. She gave her friends a deathly stare, one reminiscent of Mrs Weasley and elbowed her way past them. Hermione set to work quietly, intent on ignoring the whispers from her friends. Though she would never admit it, Hermione was struggling with the complexity of the potion. Twice she had heated powdered unicorn horn only for it to burn within seconds, causing it to become a charred black lump at the bottom of her cauldron. On her third attempt she succeeded and now her potion was quite close to the colour the textbook indicated it should be. As she slowly added the Salamander blood her cauldron began to bubble over violently. Hermione reduced the flames beneath her cauldron but to no avail, her potion was out of control. The steam that rose from the boiling stew formed water droplets to roll down her cheeks; making her look as if she were sweating profusely. The humidity caused her already bushy hair to spring out uncontrollably, like a lion's mane. Professor Slughorn walked behind her and she flushed even more as she felt him look down into her potion and walk away without a word. After stirring the pot for a few minutes, Hermione finally gained control over the concoction and began to calm down. She looked over at Harry and Ron. Ron was having more trouble with the potion than she was, his face was the colour of beetroot and he looked close to tears. Harry's potion, however, was the exact shade of turquoise that it should be, he looked utterly relaxed and nonplussed as he stirred his potion one last time. Rage stabbed through Hermione, in her eyes what Harry was doing equated to nothing more than cheating. He should be punished for it, not praised. Hermione felt guilty for thinking this way about her friend but if only he'd listen to her. "You need to stir it counter-clockwise three times, not one," Harry said peering into her cauldron. "No, the book says to stir four times clockwise, one time counter-clockwise followed by a further two clockwise stirs," she snapped back. Harry shrugged his shoulders, "I was only trying to help." Hermione ignored his advice but she couldn't help but notice that his potion was so much better than her own. "Well done, Harry, m' boy. Such natural flair," Professor Slughorn beamed. Inside Hermione was seething. She poured her mediocre potion, though better than Rons which resembled snot with its ugly green colour and lumpy texture, into a flask and took it to the front desk. Lost in her thoughts Hermione barely noticed as a shoulder bumped into her. "Watch it, mudblood." Hermione looked up to see Draco Malfoy's cold grey stare leering at her. The anger she had felt previously magnified, all the tensions she had felt, all the hatred boiled up and came to surface. Without thinking what she was doing Hermione whipped out it her wand and pointed it directly at Draco's heart, "Or what? What are you going to do about it, ferret?" Draco too, pulled out his wand, aiming it at her face. The hate in his eyes was mirrored in hers. Shock held the room as students gasped, shuffled away and whispered amongst themselves. Slughorn stormed over his voice raging like thunder, "Miss Granger, Mr Malfoy put your wands down now." The usually mellow and amenable teacher now cast a stern figure, fearsome even. Hermione and Draco both lowered their wands slowly but held their loathing stare. "Detention, both of you. Now get cleared away". Hermione's face felt as if it were on fire, her whole body flushed, She had never had a detention before. Gosh, she had never really been told off before. Hermione cleared away her area quickly and ran from the class as soon as it ended. Unable to face the humiliation, Hermione fled to her dormitories, jumped into her bed and promptly closed all the curtains around it. After what felt like a couple of hours, Lavender and Parvati entered the common room to check on her, probably at Harry or Ron's request, but Hermione just kept the curtains closed and answered them in as little words as possible. Her other two roommates left her alone, and Hermione was glad. The hunger pains the next morning told her that she would be unable to skip another meal. Once dawn had broken, Hermione crept out of her dorm room as quietly as possible, as it was Saturday her roommates were likely to wake up later than normal and went down to the Great Hall. Hermione took a seat at the empty Gryffindor table and took out her slightly used copy of Advanced Rune Translation, before helping herself to a bowl of porridge. Soon enough Hermione was joined by Harry and Ron, who were quick to criticise both Slughorn and Malfoy profusely. Ginny too, sat beside them and told her not to worry, she'd had detention with Slughorn before and it had been almost quite fun. Despite the words of encouragement from her friends Hermione could just not get over her embarrassment, not just because of the detention but at what she was actually willing to do in the moment. She would have cursed Malfoy in an instant if they hadn't been interrupted. After finishing her cereal and nibbling on some toast Hermione packed away her book and got up to leave, just as the post owls came soaring overhead. A handsome tawny owl she recognised as one of the schools, picked her out from the crowd and landed on the table, in front of her and held out its leg for her to unburden him. Hermione rarely got post other than The Daily Prophet; her parents did send her the occasional letter via owl but her mother's fear of birds made communicating that way quite difficult. Hermione untied the letter from the owl's leg and gave it Rons bacon rinds, from the side of his plate, as a treat. The owl flew away happily as Hermione took a seat again to open her letter, it was stamped with an unfamiliar crest, a large, ornate S set in green wax. The envelope contained a scrap of parchment with a messy scrawl. Dear Miss Granger, Your detention has been scheduled for 7 p.m. on Tuesday. It will take place in the Potions Lab. Hoping you are well, Horace Slughorn. Hermione flushed with embarrassment again as she stuffed the offending letter in her bag. "My detention is on Tuesday," she replied to the quizzing looks of her friends. She looked down at the table in shame. "Well at least you have four days when you don't have to think about it," Ron said, rather unhelpfully. "I'd rather just get it over with, now I've got this hanging over me on the weekend," Hermione replied honestly. The weekend passed by in a haze of never-ending homework and rain. Soon Tuesday came with gloom and black stormy skies. The weight of the impending unknown was heavy on Hermione's shoulders as she struggled through her classes. She went to the great hall for dinner and ate hastily, without even bothering to shed her heavy backpack. Ron and Harry were nowhere to be found, she was hoping they would be able to give her a few last words of encouragement. The corridors seemed endless as she ran to the dungeons not wanting to be late, an unnecessary worry as she arrived a half an hour early. The classroom was empty and her professor was nowhere in sight. Without knowing what to do, Hermione stood at the back of the classroom awaiting instruction. As she surveyed the room she noted two cauldrons, one on the teacher's desk and the other on the desk directly in front of it. Brewing potions, that wouldn't be so bad, she thought. Calming slightly, she rolled on the balls of her feet watching the clock. Forty-five minutes passed before there was any other sign of life. Hermione began to panic, she read Slughorn note over and over to make sure she had the right details. Had it changed without her knowing? Draco Malfoy came running into the room slightly flushed. Despite a hint of blush in his cheeks, Hermione could tell that he was deathly pale, even paler than usual. Harry was convinced that Draco had followed in his father's footsteps and had enlisted as a death eater, Hermione remained unconvinced on this matter but she could not deny that there was definitely something wrong. "Stay away from me," he growled as he sneered at her. Before she could retaliate, they were interrupted by the monotonous tone of their former potions master. Hermione let out a gasp hoping it was inaudible. Nobody had said that Snape would be taking detention. This was going to be even worse than she could have ever imagined. Snape strolled the length of the room before turning to them, "Sit," he commanded. Hermione took the seat at the front of the classroom, where the cauldron sat. Draco, however, opted for his usual seat at the back of the room. Snape raised one eyebrow as if to challenge the younger man, "Do you see a cauldron in front of you, Mister Malfoy?" "No, sir," Draco emphasised the last word as he replied to his teacher. "Can we assume then, that you are sitting in the wrong seat," Snape