A/N: This one-shot was written with my friend and beta Cairistiona7 in mind while she was recovering from surgery (and if you haven't ever taken a look at her wonderful stories, I recommend them!). She also gave this the once-over before I posted it. Thanks, Cairi! This takes place within a few weeks of my story Fierce and a Little Ragged , but you shouldn't have to read that one for this to make sense. All recognizable elements belong to Professor Tolkien. Weeding It was barely dawn. In the east a dim rose-glow seeped between the scattered trees, and the smell of night rain on new grass was cold in her throat. Ivorwen was tired. Tired but jittery still, from the hard work and jubilation, even hours after making sure mother and babe were settled—nursing well, bleeding slowly. She walked home from the house of Feridir along the border wall so she did not disturb the village folk so early in the morning. Her satchel felt heavier somehow than it had the night before as she'd hurried through the dusk in the opposite direction, though then it had been bulging with fresh linen, and tinctures of cohosh and red raspberry leaf and invigorating thyme, and a bottle of evening primrose oil. All she had left behind for the new mother to use if she had need of them. And their son—a strapping boy who had slipped into the world serene and wide-eyed, and instead of wailing his first breath he had gulped it softly and murmured against his mother's breast and found his source of sustenance even before the life-cord had ceased its pulsing and been cut. Already a contented babe. Content like Dírlach had been, plump and good-natured and happy to nurse himself to sleep and stay so for hours, his face nuzzled sweaty into her skin. Dírlach had been a good first child for a young mother, and Ivorwen had slept well and recovered swiftly. And a good thing, too, for scarcely sixteen months later came Gilraen—and Ivorwen chuckled at the memory. Another creature entirely, was Gilraen. She'd arrived itching for battle, furious and howling, and did not mellow until she was old enough to speak. Only then did her disposition brighten. Ivorwen remembered clearly, already a lesser man's lifespan ago, how Dírhael had lain belly-down on the floor, raptly listening to their daughter babble, and he had looked up grinning and said, "See, love? Just like her mother—all she needs to make her happy is something to prattle about." Son and daughter had given her a grandson apiece, each as different as her own children had been. Halbarad, younger by seven years, fiery-tempered and brawny and passionate. The grandson she had snatched away from hot stoves and patched up after childish squabbles. Scraped knuckles and blackened eyes was Halbarad as a boy, and as a young man he had come to her more than once with a broken nose or a dueling wound, though usually grinning, because he'd usually won. Ranger and warrior, swift with the sword—and then, of all wonders, barely thirty years old, he had taken to wife the sharp-witted woodsman's daughter and began to populate their village with high-cheekboned little girls. Ranger, husband, fiercely loving father—but still grandson. The grandson who had not returned with the Rangers three months before, and now Thaliel and four grey-eyed daughters looked ever eastward for his return. Ivorwen looked that way herself, into the red light. Be watched over, son of my son. And the other grandson… Why is he on the roof ? she thought crossly as she rounded the old ramshackle mill and the Widow Bryn's cottage came into view. She felt her step quicken a little despite her weariness, and then she was beneath the eaves looking up. "Get down ," she commanded, planting her fists on both hips, and he had the grace to peer over the edge a little sheepishly. "Good morning, Daernaneth," her Chieftain said, and she could still hear the rasp in the lower layers of that quiet voice. His thickly wrapped and splinted left ankle was propped on a bundle of new straw, and only his other heel braced against a bare rafter held him in place on the steeply pitched roof. He was tearing up the old grey thatch and launching it over the side of the cottage towards the manure pile. He had paused when Ivorwen approached and now his hand was rubbing down his right thigh absentmindedly, as if kneading away a cramp. " Get down , I said," Ivorwen repeated, driving a rigid forefinger towards the dirt for emphasis. Aragorn's forehead creased minutely. "I… no." She felt her eyes narrow. " No ?" The word was drawn out. Her tone, at one time, would have sent her own children scattering for cover. She was tired and testy from a long night sitting up and by all the blessed stars, if she had to re-set that blasted ankle when he slewed off the roof and broke it again, she'd… "I... that is—I can't," he said, so soft she knew it pained him to admit. She heard his short laugh, the wryness of it, and the indignation fled her in a gust. "I managed to get myself up, and now I've no notion how I'll get myself down again, Daernaneth, perhaps if you…" "I'll fetch Feridir," she said, starting back towards the house she had come from. "No!" said Aragorn with a bit of sharpness, and she turned back to see his hand extended. "No, don't rouse him, they've had a long night and it's barely even light out. And the task isn't done yet—" Ivorwen felt her patience fraying. The thatch shimmered with dew and even as she watched she saw his boot-sole skid a little on the beam before catching again and he may be sixty-four years old and a legend in the far countries but I have dealt with stubborn children for nearly twice that span of years and locking horns with one more is no skin off my nose… Aloud she said, "Have it your way, then. Roost up there all day, if you like, and this evening when the whole blasted village gathers to see you lifted down, don't say I didn't offer to help you do it with dignity ." She saw his shoulders heave at that, and where Halbarad might have blustered or rumbled half-audible insolences or by-the-Lady tried to get down on his own , Aragorn merely tipped his head and murmured, "Thank you." Feridir had the discretion to back the buckboard against the leeward side of the house, so passers-by would be less likely to see their Chieftain being lowered down by his armpits. Though Ivorwen had not missed overhearing the grinning young Ranger's offer to carry Aragorn down slung over his shoulder, nor the returning proposition of a tour of duty to Fornost until the new year. She was standing holding his crutches when Aragorn lowered himself to sit on the buckboard's edge. She leaned the crutches against the wheel and crouched and took his foot between her hands and cupped his bare toes in her palm to check the warmth of them. The wrapping was wadded too low around his ankle, and the rainbow of bruising on his shin and calf swollen from the strain of his climbing. "You've skewed your splints," she scolded. "Wiggle your toes." And he did, assuring her that he had not misaligned the bones of his ankle again. She let his heel rest on her knees and glared up at him severely. "What possessed you to clamber onto a slick roof with a broken leg before the sun has even risen?" He offered her a fleeting smile. "Mistress Bryn's meat pies." "If that old biddy asked you to climb up there in your state—" "She did not ask," he said. "Her roof has been leaking for two weeks." She eased his foot away and rose, her knees popping, and he darted out a quick hand and gave her silver braid the gentlest of tugs. "And you are the same age," he said. "If she is an old biddy, what would that make you?" His smile stretched into a grin, and suddenly Gilraen hunting trouble was peering from her grandson's bright grey eyes. She shook her head to mask her startlement and dealt him a brisk little swat to the hip. "Miscreant," she said sternly. "Respect your elders." "Yes, Daernaneth," he said, but if anything the grin only broadened. "You're coming along so I can re-splint this." "Of course, Daernaneth." "And you should be resting. You've been coughing, I can hear it in your voice." "Nothing like last week." "It'll be as bad again if you keep waking so early to scramble around on rooftops in the rain." "It wasn't actually…" he began, but trailed away with a laugh when she raised her swatting hand again. "I yield," he said, putting up his hands. "Now if you'll hand me my—" "Feridir will circle around and drop you off," she said, scooping up his crutches herself so he could not recover them, and the younger Ranger leapt up to the driver's bench and clucked to the feather-footed plowhorse and the buckboard lurched away through the mud towards the east edge of the village. Ivorwen swung the crutches up to carry across one shoulder like a woodsman's axe, and hefted her satchel over the other, and followed the deep wheel-tracks back to her husband's house. -o0o- It had been some time since Ivorwen had wakened to a cold bed—a thing once familiar, in the years when Dírhael had captained the Rangers and her children were too old to creep in to join her beneath the heavy blankets when their father was away on patrol. She did not miss sleeping alone, and found her rest was fitful without her husband's warm body weighting down the right side of the bed. For two weeks she had wakened with cold feet, her hips and back aching, and that spring morning as she rose and pulled on kirtle and stockings against the chill and crouched creakily to stoke the smoldering fire, she allowed herself to feel short-tempered. There are younger men who could have reinforced them, she thought darkly, kneading her knuckles into the small of her back. But then she sighed, and let her face fall forward into her hands. Bright Lady, Starkindler, watch over my husband, and Halbarad wandering, and if the One wills it, see them home to me safely again… She sighed again and shoved to her feet and the work of the day began. She rolled out the breakfast-bread and strained bones and chicken-feet from the stock that had simmered all night, and when the broth was clean of debris she added to it barley and diced parsnips, and a generous handful of dried alfalfa, and the hearts and livers and gizzards of the chickens she had butchered the day before. All good rich replenishing food for a new mother. She would take the soup to Fimriel in the afternoon when she went to look in on mother and day-old babe, and with it a flagon of cooled, sweetened tea. Red raspberry for bleeding, blessed thistle and fennel for plentiful milk, goatweed to ward away childbed sorrow… But before that there was kindling to split, and the water barrels to fill from the well, and the chickens to scratch, and Mugwort to milk… Ivorwen hummed to herself as she shrugged into Dírhael's old sheepskin coat and buttoned it up to her chin. It was a chill morning, more winter than spring to her old bones, and the coat smelled like lanolin and deep earth and the faint smoky goodness that was Dírhael's breath on the back of her neck as they lay hollowed together beneath the blankets and hides of the big low bed in the back room of the house. Be safe. Be