Written for June's "No Time" Teitho challenge, where it placed second. Much appreciation to everyone who takes the time to read and vote there every month—you guys keep a great contest up and running! Bountiful thanks to Cairistiona who looked this over for me before I posted it. All recognizable elements belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. Runaway The old Ranger watched the girl from behind a screen of whortleberry. Watched as she huddled beneath the lowest stooping limbs of a hemlock on the lakeshore, and tried to coax a spark from her firesteel onto wet fuel. Close to an hour of pleading and threatening and reverent promises to never be wicked again as long as she lived—and at last she landed a spray of sparks into her wreath of tinder and conjured a slender thread of smoke. The girl flopped onto her belly. Softly—so softly—she breathed open-mouthed. The sparks bloomed into a delicate flame that began sullenly to consume the damp tinder. Face inches from it, bright eyes rapt and unblinking, she poked a trio of twigs into the flare and yelped in triumph when it accepted her offering and began to mature. A gust of wind. The rain pelted and the hemlock trembled mightily and a sheet of water sloughed from a low bough and blanketed both fledgling campfire and the girl who nurtured it so lovingly. The flame doused. The girl lay still as a log for a moment, dark hair dripping into her eyes. Then she gave a little shriek and leapt to her feet and flung the firesteel out over the lake. A flash as it arched in the dim grey light and then plumed the surface and vanished. The old man felt a nudge of irritation. He remembered a time when he had youngsters in his charge, remembered their tempers. Had this one served beneath him he would have sent her after the steel, cold springtime deluge or no. She would have neither warmed nor eaten until she had retrieved it. A wrought firesteel was a luxury in the Wild. As was a loss of temper, but a luxury the wise could not afford. But she was young, he realized, younger than many Dúnedain boys were when they joined their first patrols. The roundness was not quite carven from her face, and her body beneath her sodden clothes was sapling-skinny and uncurved. He recognized the gangle of her, the jut of knees and elbows inside her breeches and sleeves. Thirteen, he thought, perhaps. Certainly no older. But that would make sense… As he watched, the child concluded her tantrum by striking the trunk of the hemlock with her fist. This required a moment of dancing and clutching the same hand, and another moment of examining it closely for injury, and then she scraped her hood over her wet hair, clutched her cloak at her throat, sank against the trunk and hugged her knees. She set her chin upon them and stared over the water. After a minute or two she was obliged to drag her left sleeve across her running nose. The old Ranger sighed. His joints were aching and the damp had begun to finger into his collar. He had hoped for the hours since he had come upon her that the girl would abandon her venture and turn east and go home. He would have shadowed her until she was within sight of the walls, and then retreated to his hovel along the lakeshore to the west. He thought of blessed solitude and the hallowed silence he guarded so carefully. Of the time to himself he had earned with long, hard years of sword-service, and the time he did not have for lost and crying children. Then he gave a little rumble and unfolded his creaking limbs and rose. His left hip caught from crouching still for so long and he had to pause, nearly bent double, until it unkinked itself and allowed him to stand. It took him two coughs and a gravelly expectoration to find his voice, and by then the girl's head had jerked and she was looking wide-eyed into the murky light. She shrank back, her hand splayed against the trunk behind her, and then the old Ranger gave a final cough and called raspily, "Ho the camp! Have you room for another beneath your eave?" He knew she could see little more than his outline, a dark figure in the gloom, and that the sound of his rough voice alone was not comforting. But he saw her jaw quirk and then harden determinedly, and she narrowed her eyes and pushed to her feet and answered, "I have. But for a friend only. If you are up to mischief then you'll have to go somewhere else." "No mischief," he said, stepping forward. Her eyes flickered and fell to his shoulder and he saw her own relax. She drove the back of her hand along her nose. "You are a Ranger," she said, sniffing. "You wear the Star." "Yes." "And you have been watching me. Haven't you." "I have." Here she glanced sideways, her head ducking. "For how long?" "Long enough to see you are no woodsman." She sniffed again, and toed into the damp earth, and did not answer. "And just what are you doing out here all alone?" he asked. Her chin begin to tremble. Her heavy lashes glistened and her dark brows eased together and the old man realized distractedly that the unfamiliar sensation in his stomach was alarm. "Here now," he said gruffly. "None of that." When he had first approached he had thought he would talk her into returning, and had that failed he might have taken her firmly by the arm and escorted her back. But upon a closer look he saw her body quivering and her cheeks and nose russet with cold. The dark hair clung wetly to her forehead. He sighed again, the exhale a soft little growl in his chest, and resigned himself to company. "You'll just come along with me, then, before you catch your death of cold." He turned and strode into the dusk. For a moment there came no sound but his own footfalls. Then a scrambling noise and the squelch of swift steps and the waif was alongside him. She sniffed and mopped her nose again and did not meet his eye when he glanced down at her. It was not a long walk, not far from the path she had tramped along all day, but the rain began to fall harder in the blanketing gloom and the old man knew their tracks would wash away easily in the sloppy spring mud. Every so often his left hand darted out to the side to bruise a leaf or snap a twig. A subtle trail, but trail enough for a keen-eyed follower. That much, at least, he remembered well. Before long the path began to climb, and then fell away again down a gradual slope spiked with scattered pine and hemlock. At the bottom of the slope the trees thinned. Beside a crescent of pale sand on the shoreside squatted a hut of log and thatch. Perhaps only five paces square, with a single window and low door that faced the lake. From the front step a thread of trail ran to the water's edge, where a long thin vessel lay moored to a stump, moving uneasily on the pockmarked surface of the water. The old man's pace quickened as they started down the slope. The girl scrambled to keep up and skidded in the mud and caught a fistful of his cloak to steady herself. Just as quickly she released it, as if the wool was white-hot. "You live here alone?" she asked, traversing more carefully now, her arms held out for balance. "Alone and content," he answered, and then the ground flattened and in a handful of steps they reached the hut. Against the leeward wall wood was stacked, and beside it leaned a stretching-frame strung with a wooly grey hide. The boiled white skull of the wolf grinned up at them as they passed. From the corner of his eye he saw the girl sidle, as if afraid the thing might leap at her. When the old man pulled open the door a shimmer of heat escaped, and the child stared hungrily into the dark insides of the hut. She shifted and fisted her hands against the cold, her arms clamped tight to her sides beneath her cloak. He half-expected her to dart under his arm and run for the fire, but she did not. She stood looking at him with eyes laid wide and expectant. For a long moment he returned the gaze. He realized she was awaiting an invitation and found himself inordinately annoyed. He did not have the time for strange, stiff formalities. "Fetch a load of firewood," he snapped, because giving her an order somehow made him feel better. "And then you can come inside where it's warm." For a moment she looked so astonished he nearly laughed. But she swallowed and nodded and disappeared around the corner of the house. The old man shook his head and entered his hut, leaving the door open for her behind him. In a moment she appeared, balancing a precarious load of logs. He did not have to direct her; she crossed to the fire and began to stoke it, using a spear of kindling to stir up the ashes, and soon the little hovel glowed merrily with firelight. She stayed crouched and edged close, pushing her face into the heat. The old man passed behind her with the soup-kettle over his arm. He paused for a moment, and then rumbled in his chest and nudged his shin against her skinny hip. "You'll singe your hair," he said, and she scooted backwards without looking up, as if accustomed to absentminded obedience. He hung the kettle on its hook above the flames and she eyed it for a moment, looking hard at the caking of cold yellow grease on the surface. When she spoke again, she directed her statement at the soup. "My mother has told me many times I should never go anywhere with strangers." "Then it is clear you do not listen to your mother." "You are a Ranger," she said, glancing up at him. "And my father says the Rangers are good men, and true, and if ever I am in need of help I can trust them." "I am still a stranger," he said. She straightened from her huddling crouch, sitting on her heels with her knees on the floor and her back as straight as a sword-tang. She observed him so keenly and for such a span of time that he began to feel fidgety. Her eyes were bright as embers in the dim light of the room. "If you tell me your name, you will be a stranger no longer," she said at last, and raised both brows in polite expectation. He felt his own crumple together. Hers was a crafty logic and for a moment he was unsure whether to oblige her or scold her for being altogether too young, and altogether too trusting. A moment's contemplation, and then… "Brûndir," he said. "We are well met, my lord," the child replied with perfect courtesy, the Sindarin words rolling from her tongue with an old familiar rhythm, and suddenly the old Ranger's head and heart were brimming with recollection. He remembered that lilt from merry banter around a thousand campfires, from commands and warnings shouted above the din of a hundred brutal sword skirmishes. He remembered it exchanged between brothers too swiftly for his ears to comprehend. "We are not until I have your name as well, youngling," he said in the Common, with more curtness than he intended, for he did not wish to fix upon the memories that lapped sudden and insistent behind his eyes. Immediately she threw