Lily walked quickly up to the stool. There was no reason to be nervous. Everything form the train ride to Professor McGonagoll's lecture was how her family said it would be. There were no whispers like there had been for her father, who was famous; or for James, who was the first child to come; or for Albus, who was her father's clone. But she was nervous. So she had to pretend that she was brave. Lily hoped her fake courage was enough to get her into Gryffindor because that was important to her plan. She needed to follow exactly in her father's footsteps. That meant Gryffindor, Defense Against the Dark Arts, even Quidditch, if she had to, and, ultimately, becoming an Auror for the Ministry of Magic. Then people would realize she wasn't just another redheaded Weasley (although she loved her family very much). She was a Potter. The girl did her best to clear her train of thought before Professor McGonagoll placed the Sorting Hat over her eyes. She knew she could ask the Hat to put her in Gryffindor, but she wanted it to make its own decision. After all, it had a lot more experience than she did. "You want Gryffindor," the Hat spoke into her ear. It wasn't loud, but Lily flinched at the nearness. She considered lying, but there seemed little point. "I do. I want to learn to be as brave as my dad." "That's not how courage works. But go on," the Hat seemed to sigh. Could hats sigh? "You may ask. I'm sure your father told you. He told your brother." "No, thank you," Lily answered as politely as she could muster through her nerves. "You're not going to ask?" The Hat was, not surprised, but intrigued. It was as difficult to surprise the Sorting Hat as it was to lie to it. "I trust your judgment." The Hat chuckled, which caused a strange sensation in Lily's ears. "You are so unlike your family." Lily's stomach somersaulted. The Hat continued, "I may put you wherever I like?" "Wherever you see fit." "Ahh, finally someone brave enough to have some faith." Lily's breath caught. Did that mean…? "Slytherin," the Sorting Hat announced. Her stomach did not turn. It did not go up to her throat or down to her knees. It simply disappeared. Her legs turned weak and her arms felt heavy. But she knew she had to get up. The Hat's voice was gone from her ear and so offered no encouragement as she began a walk that was far worse than the trek to the stool. Because now people started to whisper. It was easy to hear without the applause the other first years received. There was polite clapping, mostly from those who did not realize what had happened, but none of the loud cheers that had greeted any of her family. "Is that a Weasley ? In Slytherin ?" "No, didn't you listen? She's a Potter!" "As in James and Albus?" "As in Harry Potter ." "And she's in Slytherin ? What was the Hat thinking ?" Lily couldn't help but wonder the same as she clumsily took a seat at the table two away from her brothers and most of their cousins. The Slytherins didn't want her. Hogwarts was working hard to learn from its mistakes and encourage unity, but relations between the Weasley/Potter clan and the Slytherins were still slightly awkward. The prefects and several of the older students cast short glances at Lily, trying to find something to say. A dark haired boy with a badge partially succeeded. "So you're a, er, unexpected recruit." Lily could only nod and attempt a smile, but she had a feeling it was a bit weak. She turned to watch the sorting to excuse herself from the sad looks the older students were giving her. "Thompson, Richard." A few seconds passed. "Hufflepuff." Hufflepuff wouldn't have been so bad. Mr. Carson, Mummy's old manager, was a Hufflepuff when he went to school. There are good people in Slytherin, too, Lily told herself. Think . Who was in Slytherin? Voldemort. Shut up, Lily. Think harder. "Ravenclaw." Lily looked up to watch the curly blonde with whom she'd shared a compartment on the train walk to the table next to hers. Man, she'd hoped they would be friends. You still can be, she thought. You'll still see her, just like you'll still see James and Al and Hugo. Hugo. Lily's heart skipped a beat. Her brain flailed to find a Slytherin role model, some comfort to hold when Hugo's name came, when the inevitable happened. It hurt to think logically, but the name her father always mentioned whenever he mentioned Slytherins kicked to the surface. Severus Snape. Her mind dove to grab the name, the story, the symbol she always knew growing up, but her grip slipped. No matter how much her father insisted, the Great Harry Potter never did truly convince his youngest that Severus Snape was a hero. She found him selfish and, in her mind, his selfishness had turned him into a coward. He redeemed himself in the end, but that wasn't enough to make his footsteps worth following. Lily's thoughts raced frantically, slurring together as she tried to think of a good Slytherin she knew. Someone worth following. "Weasley, Hugo." She was desperate. She didn't know how long the Hat would take to decide her cousin's fate. She needed a name. Lily Potter. "Gryffindor." Perhaps it was the shock of the name her brain desperately gave her, but the announcement didn't hurt as much as she thought it would. Instead, she found herself able to clap, and even cheer. Hugo happily took his seat next to their cousin, Louis. He caught her eye with an almost apologetic look, but she only responded with a convincing grin and double thumbs up. Not that she didn't wish she were over there. She would much rather be joking with her family and listening to Roxy telling them all how busy the store was the week before and that they should all watch out. She even almost wished she could hear Nic's over embellished account of a close scrape with one of Uncle Charlie's dragons. Still, she definitely had enough to think about and her company seemed hesitant to interrupt her. Her own name kept creeping into her thoughts. Lily didn't really want to start Hogwarts with no plan, no lead, and no friends in her house. But, she thought as she sat up straighter and started on her potatoes, she could. o0O0o zebra The dungeons really weren't as creepy as everyone made them sound. They were certainly different from home and not at all what Lily would have chosen, but all she really needed to do there was sleep and change. She could always study in the library or outside. The prefects explained the concept of the common room, which Lily didn't really find necessary. Nevertheless, she was grateful they were going slowly. It gave her more time to process the information into which her family had no insight. Her heart lurched as she realized again that all of this was unexplored for pretty much everyone she knew. She, Lily Potter, the second youngest of all the cousins, would be the first to go past the common room. Walking through the opening a rotating stone wall created, that thought made all of the fear, just for a moment, completely worth it. She couldn't help but think this was why Gryffindors were brave even when they didn't have to be. It felt like how her father described his first time flying. The adrenaline seeped away as they walked down a hallway of chattering Slytherin girls. Many of them offered smiles to their new classmates, which Lily tried to find unsurprising. She knew Slytherins could be nice; there was no reason for prejudice. Some of the dorm doors were open and past them Lily saw beds. They looked very comfortable and she was looking forward to the end of the tour when she could test one. The time came fairly quickly, which was far too slowly for the tired eleven-year-old. Still, sleepiness was no excuse for poor manners and she forced herself to introduce herself to her dorm mates. She listened to their names and hoped she would still remember them in the morning. She quickly prepared for bed afterwards, perhaps faster than was polite. She smiled at the letter her mum hid in her trunk, vowing to read it in the morning because she wasn't sure she was ready to hear the hopeful words, the expectations that might be disappointed. No, sleep seemed to be the better option. o0O0o Lily was pleased to later report that the beds were, in fact, extremely comfortable. So comfortable that she only woke up to the girl named Savannah's light prodding. "We wanted to let you sleep," she explained nervously, "but we're about to go and I was afraid you might oversleep if I didn't wake you." "No," Lily assured her. "Thank you." Savannah waved mildly towards the three girls already dressed and waiting by the door, "We were about to go down to breakfast, but I wouldn't mind waiting for you, if you want." "That's okay," Lily answered, getting out of bed. "I'll meet you guys down there." "Do you think you can find your way down okay?" the tallest girl, Marnie, asked. "I'll be alright. If I get lost, I can always ask someone." The girls nodded and left, promising they'd save her a seat. Lily really was sure she could get to the Great Hall, but mostly because James was lending her the Marauder's Map for her first couple weeks to help her get to her classes. She was supposed to share it with Hugo, which would be difficult now. She dressed carefully and paused when she came to her tie. Green and silver, so different from the scarlet and gold one her mum made her practice tying. "Still," she reminded herself gruffly, "it ties the same." She tucked the Map and her mum's letter into her pocket and walked quickly down the hall. Before turning the wall, she stopped. "Lumos." Lily whispered the easiest spell she could remember. The tip of her wand lit up weakly and she didn't bother restraining her smile. This was Hogwarts. She was going to learn magic and it didn't matter from which house she did it. In the common room, she found three boys she recognized as first years standing by the door. She smiled politely as she passed but was surprised when they followed her out. "Hey," the brown haired boy caught up with her. "We're going, too. Mind if we walk with you?" Lily answered that no, she didn't, and the boy stuck out his hand. "Nick," he offered with a grin. "Lily," she answered, shaking his hand. The tallest of the three boys, who appeared very solid, did not find a handshake necessary but offered his name in a voice that was friendly enough. "Nathan." The other boy, blonde and the same height as Nick, did shake her hand and introduced himself as Jonah. "We were waiting for Jonah's brother, Martin," Nick explained as he took a turn Lily had a feeling was wrong. Nathan apparently thought the same. He told Nick he was sure the other way was the path they'd taken last night because he recognized the painting of a man in a kilt. Jonah reminded him the pictures moved but after a quick vote they decided to turn back. "Martin's a fourth year and offered to walk us there," Nick continued once they felt they were on track, "but I think he forgot." Lily only nodded, but she found it easier to talk as they went farther. She learned the three boys had been friends for years. They mentioned several people she didn't know but that led to them mentioning the