Snow …o… " Real friends don't get insulted when you insult them. They smile and say something more offensive." …o… Will sighed, crossing his arms and leaning against the side of his bunk. It was winter. Oh, the dreaded winter. The Apollo kids were holed up inside their cabin. The lack of sun was a treacherous time for all of them, making it difficult for them to stay healthy. They were forced to stay in their cabin, which was the safest place for them to be in the camp. Their predicament meant that the camp hospital was often closed, especially since its head doctor was unable to see his patients. Fortunately, not many campers were staying this year, as most of the campers had gone home or to Camp Jupiter. There hadn't been any small quests lately either, unless one counted the great escapades for doughnuts that occurred during midnight off campgrounds. Rachel Dare was still at Camp Jupiter, deciphering some scrolls or the other. In all honesty, Will could care less. He had never really planned on going on quests. Sure, he was handy with a bow, but he didn't like engaging in combat unless necessary. The battle against Gaea had been his second fight, and after it, he prayed that it was his last. There hadn't even been many scuffles in the woods, to everyone's surprise and some campers' (Clarisse's) annoyance. Most of the monsters had disappeared, although no one could explain the reason behind it. This also meant that there was no need for the older campers that were out of school to stay in the camp. Will was grateful for the silence, but he was also rather disappointed. Di Angelo had abandoned him last week, planning to spend Christmas with his sister at Camp Jupiter. Without his best friend, Will couldn't help but feel rather lonely. Sure, he had his siblings and the other year-round campers…but it was still lonely. He groaned, fully flopping down on the top bunk. Charles, one of his brothers, gave him a sympathetic look before returning to his chess game with his twin, Taylor. The three of them were the only ones in the cabin right now, as the other two had gone to the Demeter cabin in hope of getting some medicine that they had run out of. He picked up a book that he had discarded a few minutes ago, due to the fatal affliction of boredom seeping into his brain. He loved the Harry Potter series and all, but he had read all seven books three times in the past two weeks. One had to eventually get bored of crying at the death of Dobby five times a day. "Still moping over di Angelo leaving?" Taylor chuckled, taking Charles's queen. "Poor kid's lonely," Charles muttered, rubbing his forehead as he figured out his next move. "After all, when's Will every unhappy?" "He's like the embodiment of the cheerful sun," Taylor agreed. "When did you guys get poetic?" Will grumbled, shoving a pillow in his face. "And yes," he added, his voice muffled, "I do miss Nico. You all are boring as Hades." "Was that pun intended?" Charles asked, taking the last of Taylor's two bishops. "You guys really do want me to leave, don't you?" "The cabin, yeah," Taylor agreed, winning the game as she put Charlie's king in checkmate. "Come on Will. You're the only one who hasn't been out whatsoever. Nico's not your only friend. Everyone misses you." "I know, I know," Will muttered, chucking his pillow at Taylor's head. "I'm just tired without the sun, then the hospital's been closed, there's nothing for us to do…" "I can't argue with that," Taylor said, kicking the chess board to the side and plopping the pillow on Charles's head. She stood up, and walked to the window next to Will's bunk. "Look, the sun's going to come out soon. It might be cold, but at least try to go out when it's fully out. Please?" "Dang," Charles said, "she said please. You have to do it now." Taylor chucked a shoe at him. "Well, Will?" "I will, I will," Will grumbled. "Dude, you're on a pun streak today." …o… Will clutched the several layers that he had on, checking to make sure that his candy cane scarf was still on. Taylor had quite literally kicked him out of the cabin after he had continued sulking for an hour. Charles, the traitor, had aided the girl; however, he had sympathetically given Will two coats and three scarfs. He had begun to feel lightheaded as soon as he had walked in. Despite Taylor's claims, there was really barely any sun out. He had already been sick, but at least the Apollo cabin was blessed with some type of warmth from the sun. Outside, in the primal wilderness, there was no sort of warmth whatsoever. Will walked past the Hephaestus cabin, which was currently on fire with several people screaming. The little bit of sun that there was felt good on his face, which his only piece of exposed skin. He had wrapped one of his scarves over his hand, and the other over his head. He had pulled his hood over that monstrosity, and positioned the last scarf in its rightful place around his neck. He let out of sigh, whether of exasperation or contentment he wasn't sure. He might have been a bit sick and dizzy…but the sun did feel nice. Will titled his head upwards, catching a bit of light snow on his nose before closing his eyes; which wasn't exactly the smartest decision that will had ever made. Sure enough, he smacked into a solid object, causing him to fall down into the snow. Will opened his eyes, to find that he no longer had the strength to get up. There were spots drifting in front of his eyes, making it hard to see. He chose to just lay there, and after a moment of debate, began making a snow angel. He wasn't quite sure what gave him the urge to. Perhaps it was because he never had the chance to before, being sick during the winter and all. Maybe it was because he had gotten a concussion and could no longer think properly. Whatever it was, Will Solace wanted to make a snow angel. After finishing, Will sat up in the snow and rubbed his sore head. Chuckling to himself out of confusion, and perhaps a bit of craziness, he looked around, and realized he had hit one of the sides of the Hades cabin. He wasn't even sure how he had gotten that far, since there were quite a few cabins between this one and Apollo. He propped himself up on the side, but remained sitting. The sun was starting to fade away and he was getting sleepy. So sleepy…it didn't seem like such a bad idea to just fall asleep there. After all, he was tired and sick. He deserved to sleep… As sleep was wanted, sleep came. …o… "Seriously, though, Will. I have no idea why you would do that…" Will slowly drifted into consciousness, barely able to take in his surroundings. He felt so cold, and terribly weak. All he could think about was the pain coursing through his body, and how much he wanted to go back to sleep. "Shh…Nico, you might wake him up." "I don't care if the moth-" "Don't curse!" "I don't care if the idiot wakes up or not. He deserves to experience the pain he brought on himself." "It was really my fault though…I shouldn't have made him go out." "Both of you shuddup," Will murmured, snuggling into what felt like a pillow. "Will wants to go to sleepy…because Will is sleep." "You got your adjectives and predicates mixed up, doofus," a voice that sounded oddly like di Angelo said. But Nico wasn't here. He was off getting drunk on Kool-Aid in the Roman camp. "Only Nico calls me that…" Will said lightly, smiling like a clown. "Say, is that Taylor? Taylor, I hate you." "Will," the female voice said, "listen, I'm so sorry. You should have just come back to the camp when you had one of your dizzy spells. Your anemia makes winter worst, you know. I just wanted you to get out…" "Ish okay," Will chuckled, sounding half-drunk. "I like carrots. Carrots taste nice. Did you know that Nico likes carrots, Taylor?" Will heard Taylor snicker and felt someone lightly bonk him on the head before fading back into a state of unconsciousness. [Note: Anemia is a health problem when a person doesn't have enough red blood cells in their body. Symptoms result in headaches, shortness of breath, and dizziness.] …o… Nico Interlude Nico shook my head disbelievingly at the idiot. Will really hadn't been able to recognize his voice? Sure, he was somewhat new to the whole best friend concept, but he should've been able to tell who he was…or was that not a friend thing? Did friends not do that? Taylor sighed. Nico glanced over at her. She was rummaging through a bag, pulling out various bottles of medicine. He knew that Taylor was a good healer, but terrible at archery, and that I respected her for. However, the girl was an idiot for letting Will out during the winter; even though her reasons were somewhat justified. Will had always had bad anemia, although he hated to admit it. It restricted his hospital hours, especially during the winter when he was already weak. Nico couldn't help but feel bad for the poor kid, since he knew that he hadn't had it for a long while, and it had only developed severely a few months ago. "Here," Taylor finally said, handing Nico a small black bottle with a yellow label on it. "These are his iron medications. Have him take one when he wakes up, and another after he eats later." He raised an eyebrow, "You aren't staying?" "No," Taylor shook her head, her blonde ponytail flying in front of her face and nearly smacking Nico's face. "I have to go back to the Apollo cabin…Will may be worse off than us, but I'll end up like him if I stay out too long." "Alright," He said with a shrug, setting the medicine on the black, wooden table. They were currently standing in the Hades cabin, Will set in the bottom part of Nico's bunk. It was rather morbid seeing Will so pale-faced in a coffin…he really needed to fix the designing of the cabin. Taylor gave him a quick nod, before tightening her grasp on her coat and heading out the door. Nico had shadow travelled back because he had decided to spend Christmas at the camp, and New Year's at Jupiter. After talking with Chiron, he had headed back to his cabin for a nap. And lo and behold, he found a wild Will Solace knocked out by his cabin door. Idiot. After finding out that Will had been missing for an hour and getting the help of Taylor, he had dragged the boy into his cabin. Taylor had been babying him for the last thirty minutes, all the while apologizing to an unconscious Will. Finally, after hearing what had really gone on, he had attempted to speak only to be shushed. Then the idiot woke up and acted like he was drunk; which was the only way Nico could describe his behavior, even if it was a tad vulgar. Now he was asleep again. Idiot, idiot, idiot. "Di Angelo?" The idiot was awake. "Will, you're an idiot." The blonde-haired boy stared at Nico, before laughing like a maniac. "You're not really! You at Jupiter!" He pointed wearily with a finger, before dropping his hand onto his chest again. "Nico, Nico, Nico, Bico, Sico…" "Oh my lords…" Nico groaned, smacking his head against the bed post. Will wasn't even able to use proper grammar in his state of mind.