Hey guys, so after going to see Mockingjay: Part 1 on the opening night, my love for this series has been rekindled. Not that it ever left, I just forgot how much I really love it. So what do I do with the things I love the most? Write fanfictions! And though I am a VERY hardcore Peeta/Katniss shipper, I do love Gale too. And I think he deserves love. And I love OCs soo… Yeah well, here's my attempt at writing something. Chapter 1 "Please, please, please can I come with you Maisie?" The tiny five year old pleaded, looking up at me with her big green eyes. The image of tiny Ginny, with her worn out dress and pigtails, being in a place as vile as The Hob nearly made me laugh. I kneeled down and put my hands on her shoulders. "Not today, Gin. Maybe another day." She clearly didn't like this answer, and made that well known by crossing her arms and stomping her foot. "But you always say that!" She whined. I grinned and nodded. "And I'm going to keep saying that until I you stop asking," I told her. "Why don't you ask papa if you can go down the street and play with Posy? You can take Miss Molly and you two can enjoy the nice weather while it lasts." Ginny thought about it, and then deemed that it was a good idea. "Papa? Papa!" She yelled, running into the other room. I heard her ask, and then squeal with delight when he said yes. She ran back to me, her doll Molly in one hand and our father's hand in the other. I stood up and smiled at him. He smiled back, and wrapped me up in a hug. I barely reached his chest, he was so large. The Gentle Giant is what everyone who knew him called him. He was tall, possibly one of the tallest men in the Seam, and he was very buff. It was always a sight when he and my mother were together, because she had been so tiny. People would always stare when they walked together in public, but they never minded. But despite his scary demeanor, he was a total softie. He was kind and always had a joke to tell. Despite the fact that he was so large and needed plenty of food to keep his energy up, he always made sure that my sister and I had enough to eat. I can remember countless days where he would carry an empty lunch pail out the door when he headed to the mines for work, thinking he was fooling me. He never did though, I always knew there was nothing in there. "Remember Maise, just get a bit of firewood. Food is more important right now. It shouldn't be too cold this week, so we should be able to get away with not lighting a fire. And also, please be safe." His gray eyes were filled with worry, as they usually were. His face was dominated by wrinkles, even though he was relatively young. "Don't worry papa, I'll be fine. Darius is meeting up with me and we're going together. I'll be fine." I kissed him softly on the cheek and smiled as some of the worry on his face melted away. Darius was a Peacekeeper, and one of my good friends. I'm pretty sure my father was hoping that he and I would get married, because doing so would mean a slightly better life for me. But Darius was a total flirt, and he could never settle on one girl. He was very attractive though, I'd give him that. "Alright Gin, are you and Molly ready to go?" I frowned when I noticed she wasn't wearing her jacket. "No, you're not. Go get your jacket on," I ordered. Ginny looked like she was about to protest, but I gave her a pointed look and she defeatedly grabbed it and put it on. "But what about Molly? She's going to be cold too, and she doesn't have a jacket!" She held up the tattered doll as if it would start speaking to me to tell me that she too was cold. I took it from her and stuffed it in my satchel. "There! Now she'll be warm." I stuck my hand in my other pocket and fingered the small coin purse, just to make sure it was still there. Satisfied, I was ready to go. "Alright, let's go. Bye papa." I gave my father one last hug and then stepped back so that Ginny could say her goodbyes. I chuckled at the sight of her hugging my father's leg because that's all she could reach. He ruffled her hair and sent us out the door with a smile. In the distance I saw a figure jogging towards us. As it got closer, messy red hair and a freckled face became visible. A smile instantly spread across my face as I realized who it was. "Wow, Darius, you're early! That's surprising," I said as he reached me. He held up a finger, signaling for me to wait, and then put his hands on his knees to catch his breath. Once he was able to breathe properly again, he straightened up and gave me his famous boyish smirk. "You know I just couldn't wait to see that gorgeous blonde hair and those mystical green eyes, darling. That's few and far between in these parts, making them all the more beautiful," he said, winking. I rolled my eyes but still had to suppress the blush that was creeping up on my cheeks. I ran my hands through my light hair, thinking of how much it stood out in the Seam. I was born and lived in the Merchant section until my mother passed away after Ginny was born, so we both had blonde hair and green eyes, as opposed to the dark hair and gray eyes of everyone else in the Seam. We weren't the only ones though; Prim Everdeen and her mother also had the appearance of a Merchant. "Red hair and brown eyes isn't too common either!" I said, defending myself. He grinned. "Yes, well I was the only one here blessed with it because I'm the only one who can make it look so good, babe." I scoffed and rolled my eyes. Darius looked past me and at Ginny. His boyish smirk turned into a sweet smile and he opened his arms wide. "Ginny! How's my favorite little troublemaker?" He asked, as she ran to him and he enveloped her in his arms. She pulled away and jumped up and down excitedly, then grabbed his hand and started yanking him down the street towards the Hawthorne's, blabbing his ear off. I smiled and followed behind, watching the two. With papa at the mines twelve hours a day, six days a week, Darius sort of stepped in. Not necessarily as father, nobody could ever fill his shoes, but more as a big brother. Ginny loved being around him, because he always told her wonderful stories and played with her. I also enjoyed having him around, because he was really the only friend I had. Even though he was older than me by a few years, we had spent a lot of my childhood playing together until he became that age where he didn't want to be seen with a younger girl. But we were still friends in secret. And once he because a Peacekeeper, a few years after my mother passed away, he would bring us food once a week. It was a small portion, but it really did mean the difference between living and starving to death. When we reached the Hawthorne household, Hazelle was already outside, hanging some clothing on a line. It was warm enough so that the wet clothes would not freeze from being outside. Vick and Rory, her two youngest sons, were running around, chasing each other with sticks. Posy was playing with a doll on the small porch. Gale, the eldest son, was nowhere to be seen. Hazelle looked over at us, and her eyes landed on Darius. Knowing he's a Peacekeeper, her face paled. He just laughed and held up his hands. "No worries, I'm just with these two this" morning." Her face softened again and she smiled. She hung one more shirt on the line and then stepped down from the small stool she had been standing on. She walked over to us. "Well good morning! Posy, Ginny is here to play!" She called over her shoulder. The small girl looked up and immediately her face brightened. She jumped up and ran over to Ginny. "Ginny! Let's go play with my dolls!" She said eagerly, grabbing onto Ginny's hand and tugging. Ginny laughed and nodded and began to run off before she stopped abruptly. "Wait! Molly!" She exclaimed, turning to me. "Of course! How could I forget," I said, digging into my bag to grab her doll. I handed it to her and she snatched it out before quickly running up to the porch to join Posy. Their innocent laughs brought a smile to my face. "So what are you two up to today? Staying out of trouble I hope?" Hazelle asked, raising her eyebrows. Darius grinned. "But where's the fun in that, Mrs. Hawthorne?" Hazelle rolled her eyes. "Please, don't call me that. I feel old enough as it is. Hazelle is fine." Darius grabbed her hand and placed a kiss on it. "Alright then, Hazelle. I will remember that," he said smoothly, eying her. Her face turned bright pink and she pulled her hand away, laughing nervously. Darius turned to me and waggled his eyebrows. "Ah, such a ladies man," I scoffed, rolling my eyes. He slung an ar." m around my shoulder. "Well the only lady I want likes to play hard to get." I shrugged his arm off but grinned. He returned my grin before I turned back to Hazelle. "We're just headed up to The Hob to get some wood and food," I told her. She nodded knowingly. "I believe that's where Gale is right now. Either that or out with Katniss, as he usually is on his days off." I nodded, but stayed silent. I've never really talked to Gale, but I felt bad for him. It was clear to everyone who even saw him that he was in love with an unavailable woman, Katniss Everdeen. She was one of the two victors of last year's Hunger Games and she was dating Peeta Mellark, the other victor. There were rumors that the love between them was and is just an act, but I find it hard to believe that two people could go through so much together and not develop some type of feelings for each other. Though if they were really in love, they were really bad at showing it. I hadn't seen Peeta and Katniss together since they returned from the games. "Well if we run into him, we'll be sure to say hi. But we probably should get going, blondie," Darius said, looking at his watch. I assumed he had Peacekeeper duties to attend to later in the day. "Yes. Well, I'll be back to pick up Ginny later. If she starts to act up, just send her home. My father should be there all day," I told Hazelle. She just laughed. "I'm sure Ginny will be fine, as she always is, don't worry. But I still might stop by to say hi to Cyril. It's been awhile," she said. "I think he'd like that," I told her, smiling. I looked at Ginny, who was deeply interested in her game with Posy. "Be good, I'm leaving!" She barely acknowledged me, but I tried to not take it personally. Darius and I waved one last time to Hazelle before heading off towards The Hob. We walked in silence for