Wand Pumped Laser Harry saw the three men run into the house, signaled for a pair of Aurors to go around and continued running. As he neared the corner of the porch he heard them crashing out through the front door, saw one hit some Muggle with a spell, then all three turned to point wands at Harry. With his Aurors close on his heels he sprinted hard, lifting his wand toward the New Order Death Eaters as each one sent a bolt of green light from their wands at where he was a split second before. Aiming, he yelled, "Stupefy!" His spell felled one while the other two turned to battle the Aurors following him. But from behind them a stunner got a second, just as he turned toward the new threat two red bolts from his team hit the third. Three of them were down so Harry slowed and turned, rapidly eyeballing the area, the two other Aurors also scanning for threats as Ron trotted toward the three frozen men. "Got em, Harry," Ron called back. "There's a muggle here. I thinks he's been nicked with a nasty curse. Bad cut on his arm, like a splinch, maybe worse." "Secure the Death Eaters first," Harry said as he approached. On the ground was the muggle, looking pasty white with blood pouring from a tear on the man's jacket. It was going to take magic and Dittany to heal and he thought of the paperwork healing a muggle was going to cause. "I'll deal with this," he said to the obvious question on Ron's face. Harry moved close to the muggle, reached out to touch his neck and got a pulse. Pulling a vial of dittany from his pocket, he unstoppered it and dripped quite a few drops onto the still bleeding wound. "Incarcerous," Ron said as he pointed his wand, shimmering magical ropes binding one Death Eater. The rest of the team moved in to tie up the remaining dark wizards. Ron's sweaty face looked at Harry. "We did it, mate. All three. That's a good night in my book," he said and grinned. Then he nodded toward the unconscious muggle. "Take these gits back to the Ministry. I'll take care of things here. Send a floo to Ginny to let her know I'm safe and mostly sound of mind. She likes to know right away." Ron gave a mischievous grin and said, "Got a hex for not calling soon enough?" Harry looked away and sighed. "Didn't talk to me for four days. I'll take a bat bogey any day compared to that." "Yeah mate," Ron said and muttered something before saying, "Hermione, she, well ..." "No need for words, Ron," Harry said with a bit of a chuckle. "I don't think I need much imagination, not with Hermione I don't." He looked at the three bound men and said, "Better leave their wands after you match their owners. Maybe one will tell me what they did to this guy." "See ya," Ron said and the Aurors popped out with their prisoners. Harry tore the ripped jacket wider then ran his wand over the slightly smoking but still bleeding wound to find the cut wasn't life threatening despite the amount of blood, but dark magic had caused the injury. He took the wands and Prioried them and, sure enough, one showed a Sectum Sempra and his eyes flared with anger. Would the madness never stop? He looked at the pale, stirring Muggle to say, "You don't know how lucky you are. A bit more and you'd've been gone for good." The young man on the ground flicked his eyes open. "G ... gone for good?" Harry gave him an reassuring smile and said, "Don't worry. I can fix it. Just relax." He pointed his wand, muttered the counter spell and dripped more dittany. A small curl of smoke rose from the healing wound as the skin knitted itself back together with a couple drops of blood sliding down the arm. His wand turgioed that and the man sat up. Staring at the rip in his jacket he touched fingers to his healed arm. "Feels weird but thanks," the man said. "Uh , what exactly did you do?" Harry held back the urge to laugh and said, "The dittany healed it after I countered the Sectum Sepra curse. It's a dark magic cutting spell, very nasty, but it's all over now. Five years ago we couldn't do that. You live here?" Still staring at his arm he said, "It was my mother's house until she passed away. What happened? There were three of them, ran right through my house and when I chased them out the front door, one of them pointed something at me. Then I'm on the ground looking up at ... whoever you are. I have to say I don't understand what is going on right now." Harry sighed. "Not to worry, you won't remember any of this," and he brought his wand up. "NO!" the man yelled. "Stop stop stop. Don't do anything. Just stop. We can talk this over." He tried to scoot back and away. "I'm not going to hurt you," Harry said. "Just a little memory charm and there won't be anything to worry about." "Look, don't do that memory thing, okay?" the man pleaded. "Just, let's just talk about this. Besides, even if you do I'll wonder about my jacket getting all tore up and no injury so that won't work." "Pretty good try," Harry said with amusement in his tone. "It's better all around if you don't have a memory about any of this. I promise I'm not going to hurt you, but the more we talk about it the harder the charm is. More details to take away, like that. It's perfectly safe when performed by an expert and there's no discomfort at all." The man pointed to the large tear in his jacket. "I'll remember this. No way will I forget it." "Easy enough," Harry said and pointed his wand. "Reparo," and both of them watched as the rip closed up with a slightly dark color that faded until it was the same as the rest of the jacket material. "See?" Harry said. "Nothing to it. Now, just relax and ..." The man scooted away again. "Don't do it. My mind, it's everything to me. If you mess it up I'm finished. If I can't think I don't have a job. I'm an engineer. Complex problem solving is what I do and if you ruin it ..." "I won't ruin it," Harry said. "It's a simple charm really. Nothing to worry about." "It's everything to worry about," the man said with desperation. "I'll do anything, promise anything, just don't mess with my mind. You can't know how hard I've worked to get where I'm at now. You can't do it. I won't let you." With a weary sigh, Harry said, "Just how are you going to stop me? Those men tried to kill you because you were in their way. You've seen me heal your wound and fix your jacket. Just what do you think is going on here and how do you think you can stop me from doing what I need to do?" The man didn't say anything for a moment then said, "There's only one explanation that comes to mind that covers all the facts. I'm not sure I believe this but you healed me from the injury they gave me, you have what looks like a wand in your hand, you talked about a cutting curse and dark magic so it adds up to you being a magical sorcerer. Am I right?" Surprised, Harry asked, "You remembered every word I said?" "Trained myself. Helped loads in school," he said. "So we've established one primary fact. Add in this memory charm thing you talked about and it means you wish to remain secret and I'm not supposed to know about you or what you can do. That's understandable. Nothing but trouble when you interfere using magic, I'd imagine." He gave a little grin and said, "I'd like to propose making a promise to keep this night to myself. Not a word from my living mouth. No one but the two of us will ever know about this whole situation." Harry crooked his mouth. "There's the Aurors that were fighting with me against, uh, let's see here. Against lawbreakers. That'll suffice. Also, my team knows what happened and will ask. No doubt about Ron asking, he always does." "Since I didn't see anyone but the three ... lawbreakers as you called them, since they are not here to witness our talking they are out of the picture," he said. "You do see that, right?" Harry tried to think of a way out but he'd stated the situation quite succinctly. "I'm supposed to Oblivate Muggles that witness magic. There's no exception to this rule. I could be hauled into the Wizengamot for questioning, perhaps thrown into Azkaban. That is something I'm not willing to risk, even without the Dementors. I'm sorry, but I really should Obliviate your memory." "That's a magic wand right?" he asked and got a nod. "Then it must transmit power in some way, right? If it can ... I've been working on a new project and I'm thinking if your wand emits some form of energy, there must be a way to use it to inject that power into a lasing material and, well, I'm not sure what happens next but the concept alone is certainly worth looking into. Come inside and I'll show you my lab in the basement. This is so exciting!" With that he jumped to his feet, began swaying then reached out a hand to hold onto Harry's shoulder. "Forgot. A bit woozy there but it's going away. Please, I'd very much like to try this." "Okay," Harry said slowly. "But afterward you will agree to let me remove the memories of tonight. I'll come with you but our rules are very strict about keeping Muggles unaware of the magical community. It's better that way. I think you can see that, right?" "Yes, yes, of course," the man said. "Oh, sorry. My name's Arnold," and held out his hand. Harry chuckled and shook. "I'm Harry. Sorry about laughing but Ginny had a pet Pygmy Puff she called Arnold. Good memory." "Your wife?" Arnold asked and Harry nodded. "The most wonderful person I've ever met," he said. "Happily married, three kids and my family's the reason, my reason for, well, my life really. I'd love to introduce you ... but then again ..." and he sighed. "Sounds like the perfect woman," Arnold said with a grin. "Sheila and I haven't decided what we're going to do yet. We've talked but it scares the bejeebers out of me." Harry laughed and put his hand on Arnold's shoulder. "Hate to tell you but it gets scarier, loads scarier, but it is so worth it." "Hmmm," Arnold murmured. "Well, let me give you the ha'penny tour," and headed towards his house. When they were in the basement he said, "This is my form of magic," and pointed to the table covered with little supports holding mirrors, tubes and a lot of things that he saw Harry staring quizzically at. He opened a drawer and held a small cylinder up. "This is a standard laser pointer for lectures and so forth," he said and pointed it at the wall. "Fractions of a watt, it can only shine a spot of light. No power really, hardly any at all. Couldn't even melt a snowflake." He looked at Harry and asked, "You know how lasers operate, right?" Harry shook his head. "I know about them but not how they work." Armold went over to the end of the table and hung a piece of paper in front of a stack of bricks, then held out a