Summary: In the mines of Moria, new understanding grows and the foundations for friendship and change are laid. Warnings: Spoilers for The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings. Author's notes: Kind of speculative and expository. May be considered AU. Set during The Fellowship of the Ring , it more closely reflects the film adaptation of Moria rather than the book, though elements from both versions will be apparent. Conversely, events from The Hobbit are heavily referenced but are more likely to reflect the book rather than what we will see in the remaining adaptations, since there are several directions Peter could go with that… obviously. (Though I'm keeping my fingers crossed that he does not exacerbate any erroneous tropes regarding the Elvenking, that he has the Elvenking voice his famous line to the Bard, and that we get to see Bilbo and Thranduil's interactions near to as they are in the book - wish list). Additional disclaimer: There are some lines taken directly from Tolkien's text (LOTR) – I'm pretty sure, as you're reading, you'll know which lines those are. If you read this at Teitho – this is very slightly altered from the version over there. Not drastically – just a bit cleaner and more finely tuned, with variance on word use here and there that may make a difference only to me. Resonance The vast jagged rock under the crafted tread of his boots was silent and unforgiving. There was no song here. Not in the rough walls beneath his hand. Not in the vaulted ceilings or low arches. Nor even in the remaining threads of mithril that spun circuitously throughout all of them. Not even a lament like that sung about the vanished elves by the remnant stones of Hollin. Deep they delved us, fair they wrought us, high they builded us, but they are gone. They are gone. Legolas could not forget the words. Privately, he hummed them over and over as he crouched on an outcropping overlooking one of the immense delvings in the mine. For on this fellowship's own journey into doom, there would be none to sing of them if they were taken like all else here who were dead. Mindful of his companions setting camp behind him, he closed his eyes and held his breath, deep and long. In the quiet, quiet dark behind his eyelids, a spark struck, like flint and steel across his nerves. In the corner of his consciousness there erupted a turquoise burst of fire – bright – but only for a moment. Then it was gone. "Legolas." A hand brushed his shoulder. He pivoted on the balls of his feet with wide open eyes, only to have Aragorn halt his momentum with a fervent clutch to his biceps. "Legolas," he repeated, wistfully soft. "Breathe, my friend. Please. It seems you have ceased to do so since we entered this place." "I breathe," said Legolas. Guardedly, Aragorn moved callused fingers up to grip the base of his neck, the dry warmth of his skin culling the rumble of cold Legolas had gathered in stiff awareness near the top of his spine. "You lie. You look to be a statue – particularly when your chest stops moving just so. It is why I came over. You are frightening the hobbits." "They are not children, Aragorn." "Nay, but they are not yet accustomed to such a journey, nor such a sight." "They have shown as much courage along this road as any of us. I am not frightening the hobbits." "Then you are frightening Boromir." Legolas glanced across Aragorn's shoulder to see Boromir lift his head and look at Aragorn askance. Aragorn followed his gaze and sighed. "Fine then, you are frightening me." He dipped his voice to nearly a whisper, settling elbows on knees and cleaving to a more serious tone. "Will you not tell me what troubles you? You have not slept, nor barely closed your eyes to blink since we entered this place." Legolas bowed his head, swallowing an answer he did not yet have to give. Vacillating a portion of air into a deeper part of his lungs, he closed his eyes once more, reflecting on the abyss below his feet… and there it was. The waiting dark. All black behind his eyelids except for the tremor at the far reaches of his senses, rising like a shiver through his toes. Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. And then the crackle – lightning in a whisper – from the tips of his ears to his fingertips and back again. Blue fire. Red fire. Then darkness. "Legolas?" He blinked, focusing momentarily on the furrowed plane of Aragorn's forehead. "There is evil here," he ultimately said, the coarse edge of the unknown chaffing the back of his throat. "Something elves ought to fear, though I know not what it is." "What do your senses tell you?" Legolas considered. Never had he known the preciseness of Durin's Bane. If that was indeed what was crawling under his skin, he could not name it. "There is something… something deep in the profound darkness of this place. An ill-cast shadow. It has been wrenching at my mind." He stopped and folded his crouch slightly forward, touching his fingers to the ground. Cold. Dead. Deep they delved us… Fair they wrought us… Shaking himself, he spoke. "I fear what the greed of the dwarves may have dragged forth and opened space for in this place." "Greed!" a barrel-toned voice invaded. Legolas and Aragorn turned to see Gimli standing nearby, stout and angry. "Greed of the dwarves you speak of. With the treasure hoards reputedly held by your father, you have the nerve to call the dwarves greedy!" Legolas rose and Aragorn with him, putting a preemptive hand to his chest. Legolas ignored it, though held in stasis the spring of his muscles. "Reputedly," he repeated coldly. "Do not mix old tales with current rumors and believe you know my king, nor my people." "Are you attempting to tell me that once your father heard the dragon Smaug was dead he did not set out at once to examine what portion of the treasure might be positioned for Mirkwood?" "For Mirkwood ," Legolas echoed strongly. "Which mission was set aside for the aid and rebuilding of Esgaroth the moment we heard what dire circumstances had befallen the people there." "Which friends of yours your people then aided in laying siege against my people for the greed of that same treasure." "Not for treasure! And not for greed! For the compensation of the destruction wrought forth by what lay under that mountain and was brought to wrath by– " "Aye, and your father was indeed well compensated when all was said and done, wasn't he?" Legolas felt his teeth lock, a skein of emotions tangling under his ribcage. "You say this when your own father was part of a company who quested at length – inciting destruction and shunning the consequences to all around them – for a jewel ." "Not just a jewel to him that sought it! And it was not exactly as you say. But what could an elf understand of such things? An elf whose father imprisons innocent visitors for fear of protecting his own stores. To an elf a jewel is likely just that – a jewel in the way they think of treasure ." " Peace! " interrupted Gandalf. "Peace. Legolas. Gimli. Please. Perhaps you forget," he continued gently. "I carried a role in those events as well." Legolas twitched lithe fingers into fists and hitched his lungs, attempting to dampen the fire that stuttered his chest. He tossed the wizard a brief look, then closed his mouth and breathed in silence. He became conscious, abruptly, of pressure on his collarbones. Aragorn's hands had journeyed up to his shoulders, tense palms bracing him, though Legolas had advanced no farther than the length of an oak leaf. For his part, Boromir had risen and placed himself a cautious span from Gimli's elbow. Behind them, the hobbits were wide-eyed and taut. I am frightening the hobbits , Legolas thought. He caught eyes with Aragorn and let the cloud of that grief appear in his expression—though only for a moment—before he shuttered it away. "Without the gates of this mine I told you both I would not give judgment on the waning of friendship between elves and dwarves," said Gandalf. "Indeed, if all grievances in the matter were dragged before us we would be hard pressed to find an end to such a discussion. But on this one matter I will speak, for I fear we will none of us find respite in this dark place otherwise. Come, both of you, and sit." Brittle as fine weaving from dried leaflets, Legolas eased away from Aragorn's hold. Forcefully keeping his feet steady to the stone, he followed the dwarf and maia with resigned concession. Moria – already a place that wore to weariness the tread of his nerves – was an experience grown worse by the random sparking praises the dwarf burst forth with in regard to it, causing Legolas's ears to feel overly hollow and his skin raw for stimuli. He did not wish to hear anyone speak. There is something here. Something in the dark and deep. Something elves ought to fear, he thought. He shivered, but sat, pressing his back to an encroachment in the rock wall, looking at Gandalf and waiting to listen. The others sat as well, Frodo coming closer than the rest. "Biblo was there also," he said simply as he folded his legs underneath him. "He is the one that aided the others in their escape from the Elvenking, and then later gave the Arkenstone to him for a time, and I know he felt he had his reasons." Gandalf cleared his throat. "What of this, Gandalf?" said Gimli. "I'll not sit here and accept the accusation that dwarves know nothing but greed!" "We are none of us wholly immune to the call of power, recognition, or riches, Gimli, even when our purpose for seeking such things may be well meaning," the wizard replied. "Were it not so, our quest now would be an altogether easier matter. However, of this I will speak but little, other than to say, of the peoples of Middle Earth, we often intend our actions for good, not knowing at times what ill may come of them, nor what ill may be said of them later. We only know that from them here now we remain, doing our best not to repeat past mistakes. Or the reverse – hoping to make decisions as wise as those that came before us." With his shoulder locked into a boulder in front of the craggily expanse near Legolas's head, Aragorn repositioned his boot, dulling the quiet pattern of grit on the rock below. Legolas tilted his chin towards the opaque line of his posture, feeling as though he could touch his thoughts. Gandalf looked at them. "At this time, what I ask of all of you is that you take your considerations from the position and perspective of another when you can, whether past or present. In doing so, I feel you will find more understanding than you may have hitherto been able to acknowledge, and our quest will be better served for it. For right or wrong, it is this kind of understanding we need. And wise is the person who seeks it." Gimli made an indistinct noise, while Boromir turned his head, breathing into the dim. The hobbits seemed captured in their quietude. "I will begin by reminding you that King Thranduil has long fought the war that Middle Earth now fights. His realm has been far engaged in this battle. It is a war that came upon them long ago. Nearly from the moment the ring was lost." "Thranduil's people have not been the only ones affected through the years!" "I did not