Summary: A variant account of an event in the year 120 of the Fourth Age. The Bright Sunset It happened one day as Aragorn was walking alone along the long passageway outside the Great Hall of Feasts. There was a sound, out of place, behind him. A faint echo. A footstep. A voice. The bare chord of a distant song. When he turned, he saw only his shadow, stretched long and thin as a scepter, as it would look set against the bright ending of a long day, though he was yet indoors and the setting of the sun was some hours still to come. He stared, and the echoes grew. The sound of the footsteps felt like his own. The distant voices like something from memory. And the music—the music expanded in the bright hallway, rising up around the long spire of his shadow. A song familiar, as though he'd been listening for it his entire life and only now had discovered instruments wise enough to give it voice. "Estel?" Aragorn turned at the old name, for it was rare that even Arwen should use it except in the most private moments between them. She was standing outside the doors to the feast, where their family and some from the realm were gathered. Her eyes were knowing and watching him in such a way that he wondered if the strange moment had been the thing to draw her hence. "Arwen," he said, as though waking from a dream. Arwen took a step. "Your family awaits you, my lord. Do you join us?" Her words were gentle and refined, though even through their measured emergence he detected a rare note of sorrow. Glancing behind him, he stared once more over the polished floor, letting his gaze travel the length of the hall to drift up towards the woven tapestries where he'd seen his shadow stretching. Absent now. All brightness faded to steel. But the music. The music was in his memory. Arwen touched his hand. Turning, he reached back, folded her warm fingers into his own and allowed her to draw him forth. As she did, he remembered words his mother had said to him at their last parting. Soft words, half whispered. His mother's deep eyes drifting to a far off place as she'd voiced them, as though speaking mostly to herself. The music begins to play for me, my son, as I imagine only some have heard. My Aragorn, I begin to hear the song. Of a wonder, wise it sounds to me after all. Under the quiet glitter of the clear night, Aragorn stood near the base of the white tree. Even in starlight the growth was apparent, the strength beautiful. Like his children. His son had become compassionate and discerning. His daughters wise and insightful. For a space, he stood in gratitude, with his palm over his heart, feeling the life within him echo the life without. It was different now than it had been so long ago. The tree no longer required the resonance of his crowned heartbeat to maintain its own. It was rooted, with a future full of blooms it would sprout and carry without him. He imagined them, season after season, sunrise after sunset, and the corner of his mouth lifted despite himself. Gripping briefly into fabric of his sternum, he let his hand fall away and drifted, walking slowly towards the low wall bordering the courtyard, intent on the view of his kingdom. The white city was peacefully quiet, the grace of starlight making it look laced with silver. The Pelennor Fields seemed to reflect the glory, sending a gentle shine back to the sky. All around him, the air was crisp and keen. A clear night that painted the illusion of a horizon drawn closer. He could see so far. So very far. "It is a beautiful sight." Aragorn turned his head to see who had joined him so silently and drew a sharp breath. "Elrond?" The man turned his gaze to meet his. The sharpness there was as profound as his once foster father's deepest stare, and yet was different. Remarkably different. Elros. Aragorn did not say the name aloud, but the man nodded. This is a dream , Aragorn thought as he took in the familiar face, and knew by the expression he found there that it both was and wasn't. In the distance, the starkest notes of music began drifting on the breeze. Notes wise and wonderful. Symphonic, though not building towards crescendo. Descending. Softening. A dénouement. Aragorn exhaled unhurriedly and steadied his hands on the cool stone in front of him. A dénouement . "It is a gift, Estel," Elros said softly. He made a gesture with his arms. A small gesture that nevertheless seemed to encompass everything, even the night sky. "Though bitter is the parting, it is a gift." Silent for a span, Aragorn bowed his head. "Arwen?" "She sees," said Elros. "As she has seen for some time, though she does not yet wish to." He put his hands on the wall, like Aragorn, replicating his posture. "The choice is before you. Power enough remains in your bloodline for this, that you may choose your parting." "Yet only now have I come to imagine the wisdom of its consideration," Aragorn mumbled, staring down at the fields, noting the change and new growth that had spread across their expanse since he'd long last done battle upon them. "And here it plays before me. The Doom of Men." The crisp air expanded in his lungs and he drew his gaze sideways. "You do not regret it?" In stillness, Elros turned his entire body away from the fields, lifting his head so that he was facing Mount Mindolluin, facing west, as though to face his absent brother, and all those of the firstborn now departed. Aragorn could not read the expression in his eyes, but his heart tightened abruptly, and with a sudden surge he felt the irrevocable pain of the sundering. He closed his hands into fists and reflexively locked his knuckles to the stone. If the Doom of Men was not found precisely in death, it was surely to be discovered in fates stretched so far apart. For the first time, he understood in his bones why the far off point so few could even imagine was so oft referred to as the breaking of the world . With quickness, Elros tore his eyes away from that elusive distance and gripped his hand to Aragorn's shoulder, just as Elrond once used to. "It is a gift," he repeated strongly, drawing Aragorn back from the panged beating in his chest. "Though bitter is the parting, it is a wondrous, joyous gift. One of hope, and worthy of your old name. Estel." "Estel." Rising up on the breeze, the music swelled stronger, invoking a layered collaboration of notes and instruments Aragorn could not find words for. And suddenly, the sensation of brilliant sunlight hit his back, stretching across his shoulders and building until in a stark moment he looked down and saw the gentle outline of his shadow marking his profile in a thin warm line over the land. As Arwen often maneuvered their bed out to the terrace when she insisted there would be no rain, Aragorn woke staring at the gentle hue of a morning sky. Arwen was next to him, both of them on their backs, elbows pressed together with hands laced above them. The morning air was cool, though her skin was soft and warm against his. He turned his head to look at her, and found her staring back. There was, on her face, a new expression. Something of a smile and something of sorrow, and yet still more. Something they would not yet speak about. Not as such. But his heart… his heart beat intensely with the music in his vibrant blood and he tried to remember her face from the last day she'd seen her father. Looking back to the sky, he held her fingers tighter. She returned the gesture, calm and immovable as she'd always been. They were like children, he thought, youths again, young and in love, lying in the grass in Lothlórien. Whispering secrets and hopes, sharing wisdom and counsel, friendship and sacrifice. "It is a beautiful life we have had, is it not?" she whispered, and he heard the music surge, in barest strains, marking her words with gold and mithril. Such unfathomable music. Of a wonder , he echoed his mother in his mind, wise it sounds to me after all . "Of all the blessings we have experienced in Arda…" he began. "We have been the best of all." She rubbed her thumb across his knuckles, slowly, as though memorizing every scar and crease. One lifetime. One lifetime they'd been given to hold together, and the sun was setting on the day. She nodded and kissed the top of his hand. For a moment she seemed to hold her breath. "It is still a beautiful life," she said. Aragorn closed his eyes to memorize her voice. If he could make it so, he would stay this time forever. Yet it was the close of his day, and he did not wish to be as the Númenóreans of old, believing they could shun the path of men and seize eternal life by force, beguiled by the folly and ruin of that determination, until the greater shadow fell upon them and became harbinger to their downfall. He would not shun it. He would be grateful for the gift. The preparations, such as they were, were quiet. He walked streets, stood upon the fields, and spoke with his children, his family. All while the music played in the distance, as though it had become a part of him. As though it had always been there and he could not imagine why he had not been hearing it all along. It carried him, and called to him, and yet even at its strongest, begged him stay, as though he'd been bidden to wait for just one more thing. Soon though. Soon. In the gardens of his home, those once restored to beauty by the elves, his youngest daughter approached him. The wisest of his children, he sometimes believed, or perhaps simply the most considering. He knew what she would ask before she spoke, but allowed her to raise the concern in her own voice before giving his response. Her eyebrows creased as she contemplated, like Arwen's, like his own, though there was something of Galadriel that seemed continually to pour over all else in her demeanor. "You are still a strong man," she said quietly. No censure, only a desire to understand. "You told me once there was no shame in age, nor in weakness of body; that our people were wiser for such things." In the dappled sunlight through the trees, he took her hands. This daughter of his. She would live a long life, and grow wiser with her gifts. Eldarion would seek her counsel often. He nodded carefully before he spoke. "The choice of parting instilled in our bloodline is not given in regard to advancing age, nor in avoiding the feeble hand," he agreed. "It is not given for us to shun the pain of a living pathway, be those pains in youth or age." He would endure the blessing of such things in his life should he require the wisdom they would teach, but the song… He looked up and saw the brief appearance of his shadow cast upon the garden wall. The bright ending, as it should be. He swallowed as it faded. …the song hinted at a different doom if he tarried. He squeezed his daughter's hands. "We each have a time appointed to us. Our gift, our choice, is to embrace that time, or to rail against it. The bitter downfall of which railing brings only grief. We are