Disclaimer: Not Mine. This story takes place pre-LOTR. Aragorn and Legolas centric - one of those how and when did they meet stories - and as the title indicates a great majority of it takes place in Imladris. AU-ish. Playing fast and loose somewhere between Movie and Book (i.e. not strictly cannon, don't expect it to be ;D). Some liberty may be taken with some Tolkien concepts - also, elements of fanon may assert themselves, though hopefully, when they do, will be found to be presented in an interesting way. Rating: PG Imladris by Aja These woods have grown even darker since I last rode among them , thought Gandalf, sparing a look behind him towards the rise of Dol Guldur. The White Council had driven Sauron from the hill, but its shadow loomed ominously, allowing no more for a watchful peace. Mirkwood pressed around him and the foreboding he'd felt at the start of this journey increased with every step. Has it been so long? He mused. He wondered how he would find the kingdom of Thranduil. He wondered how he would find Legolas. I should not have waited so long to make my return. One year had passed and then another and he'd been caught up in the affairs of men, and hobbits, and all those outside this realm, and suddenly years had passed since he'd checked into the battle with darkness Mirkwood fought. A battle with darkness that would not remain grounded in this wood. It was growing. Sooner rather than later, Gandalf feared this darkness would be the battle of all middle earth. Would they so easily forget the elves of Mirkwood then? Would he? It should not have taken a vision in Galadriel's mirror to set him on this journey. All things in their time, he reminded himself. All things in their time. "Nooooo!" His silent musings were abruptly interrupted. The shout startling his steed. Bringing the ancient horse around, the Istari shot off in the direction of the cry. The trees seemed to part before him, hastening his arrival to a large clearing up ahead. He was greeted by the sight of two large spiders poised over a struggling elf. "Gandalf!" This shout came from behind him. The wizard turned to see Legolas leaping from one tree to another and then down towards him, his bow and arrow aimed as he did so. Quickly Gandalf reared his horse towards the place the elf would reach ground. He arrived just in time for Legolas to land lightly behind him on the horse, keeping to his feet as he fired two arrows simultaneously. Both spiders hissed and fell. The elf on the ground ceased to struggle, collapsing in relief, and the Istari's ancient horse slowed his gallop to a stop. For a moment all motion seemed to cease, the only remaining sounds coming from Legolas's heavy breathing and the whispering in the trees. "Well met, Legolas. Well met," chuckled the old wizard. "I'd almost forgotten what an adventure Mirkwood could be." He felt the young elf ease himself down behind him, and could hear his heavy breaths as he replied, "I apologize for the lack of formality in my own greeting, but you are welcome indeed." Gandalf turned to see the elf's rueful grin, noting the darkness of his eyes and the small scrapes on his temple. "Had we known of your coming we would have killed these spiders hours ago." Legolas gestured to the two large bodies, now shriveled in their deaths. Additional elves emerged from the trees, helping the trapped elf on the ground get to his feet while scanning the area for new threats. Some of the elves turned towards Gandalf, making gestures of welcome and respect, which he carefully returned. "Had you killed them hours ago, young Legolas, I would have missed quite an adventure." "If I may say so, you arrived at an opportune moment." "As I've always claimed, young elf, a wizard arrives precisely when he means to." Gandalf turned the horse to follow the departing company of elves, motioning for Legolas to stay mounted on the horse when he would have otherwise slipped off to walk with his companions. "Does your father typically allow you to travel out this far for spiders?" The elf continued to breathe heavily at his back and Gandalf frowned slightly. Elves were not prone to heavy breathing, or of wearying easily and Legolas seemed both. "For spiders—not typically," Legolas admitted. "They have pressed closer to the core of the kingdom in recent years. We attack the nests that we can find and patrol the borders to keep them from moving closer. We do not stray far into the wood without purpose, for recently we have discovered increasing evidence of orcs within our realm. We thought it necessary to follow their tracks if we could." "So now it is orcs pressing close as well as spiders. Your kingdom has not found the reprieve from this battle I hoped it would." He sighed. "And I fear the darkness you have been facing will soon not only be the problem of Mirkwood." "The darkness grows inward, yes," replied Legolas, in a careful tone that worried the wizard more than the warning in Galadriel's mirror could have predicted. "Faster than we seem able to fight it," the young elf concluded. "Is this why you have come to us now?" "In a manner of speaking," Gandalf answered vaguely. "It is not a discussion we need immediately have. I wish for you now to tell me about you. How have you been faring?" "I am well." The answer was swift—too swift for Gandalf's liking. "You seem... weary," he probed further. "I am well." Gandalf grunted. Legolas could be maddeningly reticent but Gandalf would have time to drag the truth from the elf, and if he couldn't, he knew Lord Elrond would. The great hall of Mirkwood carried in its presentation the contrasting feelings of formality mixed with unpretentious wild struggle the other elven kingdoms did not even vaguely reflect—the battle-ready stance against the darkness creeping around their borders all too apparent in each inhabitants interactions. It was in the walls, in the sounds, in the heavy footsteps of the King. How far has this darkness reached ? Mithrandir wondered. Footsteps of elves could rarely be described as heavy, but here they were, weighted down, echoing through the great hall, apparent in the line of the king's shoulders and the graceful tilt of his head. He sighed. It was a difficult thing he would be requesting of the battle-weary king. He hoped it would not cause Mirkwood to further separate itself from the support of other elves or races. For soon, Gandalf feared Middle Earth's ability to unify would be required for its survival. "You've come to take my son," Thranduil said without greeting, without preamble, his back facing the wizard, eyes fixed on the trees outside his hall's large windows. "I have," admitted Gandalf, adjusting easily to the directness of the conversation. "To Imladris?" "Yes." "Does he know?" "No. I have not yet told him. I desired first to speak with you, old friend." "Old friend?" the king scoffed at him. "For my part, yes," Gandalf insisted. The king turned, fixing him with a gaze of fire. He seemed on the verge of exploding but refrained himself by some unseen restraint. His anger deflated with a weighty sigh. "Yes," his voice was a whisper, but it echoed powerfully through the hall just the same, his eyes darkening with sorrow. "Yes. Old friend . Gandalf. Friend you have always been." His tone softened. "Take him as you will, and go ." "I will deliver him to Imladris and then I shall return." "Your presence is not required here, Mithrandir." "Perhaps not, but something is coming—something may already be here. You will need help in overcoming the darkness pursuing this kingdom. Its touch grows stronger." "It grew stronger long ago. In truth I am weary of fighting it," Thranduil admitted. "I am weary of keeping it at bay." The light through the window caught Thranduil's brow and Gandalf was struck with the impression of age. The king looked old. Not simply in the ageless way ancient elves carried their wisdom—but well and truly aged. As old as Gandalf himself had begun to feel in these worrisome and curious days. "I will help you fight this evil, if you allow me," he said. "You are not alone." Thranduil turned back to the windows, but a barely perceptible nod gave Gandalf his answer. The king would allow his help. Gandalf was relieved to note it but first he had to tend to Legolas and he feared already that the young elf would not understand. Giving a small nod of his head that may or may not have been noticed by the king, Gandalf took his leave. The ride to Imladris was uneventful, made swifter by the non-appearance of orcs or spiders—made slower by the careful pace Gandalf set to account for Legolas's continued weariness—despite the denials. The trip was also made mostly in silence. This was not the first time Legolas had been remanded to neighboring kingdoms for one reason or another, his time in the House of Elrond foremost of them all. The young elf tried not to question, but Gandalf knew he would want to know the reasons behind his latest removal. Or perhaps, Gandalf wondered, Legolas already suspected the reasons behind his departure and didn't question so as to not have to discuss it. He was an independent elf from a kingdom of distress, prone to wander. Raised with trust in the periphery of his father's visage, his comings and goings had been his own for a grand majority of his life. He'd seen and faced much trouble in those solitary days, internalizing everything, and thus was understandably overwhelmed when the council of Eldar—namely Galadriel, Celeborn, Elrond, Glorfindel and other Elf Lords—took active concern in his welfare. The concern from them was an adjustment for Legolas, who though gifted with some sense of the foresight and wisdom of his people, saw himself primarily as a warrior, not a prince. Gandalf had wondered what the young elf felt about it all, though he'd never asked him. Legolas had been through much, so very much , thought the wizard. The young elf attracted trouble, and in most instances the trouble had been of no small concern. He carried many scars. The last time he'd dwelt in Imladris, he'd been taken in to recover from an eleven year absence—held against his will at the hands of men, a group from the Corsairs of Umbar who'd come upon him and taken him captive during one of his explorations. For all their searching, Legolas had finally escaped on his own and been discovered by Elrond's sons, unconscious, on the outer rim of Rivendell's reach. "We will be in approach to Imladris by morning," said Gandalf, breaking from his reverie. "I remember the way," acknowledged the elf, sounding subdued. "The house has missed you." "That is kind to hear, though I doubt that is the reason I am returning." It was the closest to a question that Legolas would come, Gandalf realized. He took a moment deciding how to respond. "Indeed," he began, "Our concern for you has grown. Something seeks you out. We know not what." "I have not been in trouble, Gandalf. I have barely wandered from my own kingdom." "Your definition of barely wandering is partly what concerns me," grunted Gandalf. "And one does not need wander from home to find danger—especially your home." His tone turned serious. "You are weary, Legolas. Something ails you and you will not tell me what it is." "I am well." Sighing, Gandalf wondered why he allowed the young of the Eldar to so continually frustrate him. "Convince Lord Elrond of that as well, and I will cease to state it," he concluded simply. Aragorn had been traveling