Notwithstanding Magic It was the stillness that finally fluttered Sam's nerves and set his heart to pounding. Creating a deep thudding that rose from his chest, ascended through his ears, and shattered the illusionary serene expanse of hillside meadow in a way the attacking orcs had not quite managed. Why the aftermath of the fight should ignite such a trembling response in him, when the skirmish itself had not, made little sense in his reasoning. He tried his best to quell it, digging his toes into the earth and clamping his lips shut. Ahead of them, Strider stood motionless in the quiet breeze, strong feet lingering in the ready stance of battle, hand stonily gripping his blood-worn sword. Sunlight danced in incongruous merriment over his disheveled hair, glinting off the one shiny spot remaining on his long blade and brightening to an obscene luster the skins of the dead orcs at his feet. Holding his breath, Sam waited as though practicing to become part of a monolith, locking his joints into stone and mortar until finally Strider cracked the stillness. "Boromir?" he called, lowering his sword a sliver, though his stance remained the same. Sam chanced a glance up at Gandalf, who nudged him to quietness and tapped him a little closer to Frodo and Sting . "Here!" Boromir's voice returned, leaping towards them from down the hill. "I see no more sign of them!" "Are you harmed?" Strider called next. "No!" came the answer, followed by the soft tread of footsteps as Boromir began making his way up to them. "Legolas!" Strider then hollered, prompting a passive grunt from Gimli and a shift of his axe. Sam flicked a look at him, unable to decide if the dwarf was bothered or concerned. He didn't linger his gaze to puzzle this contemplation however, and turned instead to where he'd last seen the elf. Legolas had been fighting on the ground with them at some point, but had eventually made his way back into the trees, using his arrows to eliminate their enemies as the circle of attack had widened. Below the canopy of leaves at the edge of the meadow, Sam traced a stretch of dead orc soldiers to the base of one trunk. There, tangled with the roots, rested the crumpled corpses of two large wargs. Chunks of the tree's bark had been shredded from its surface from base to bough. Even upon the exposed high branches there were visible deep gouges from the wargs' claws and teeth—evidence of their diligent attempt to get at whatever lurked there. No doubt, Sam thought, that is where their elf still crouched. He hoped. Sure enough, Legolas's voice rang melodiously from the treetop, words emerging steadily, though sounding to Sam's ears to be tainted by some chord of melancholy. "I am here," Legolas shouted. "I see no more sign of them from any angle I perceive." "Are you harmed?" Strider pressed. "I am well," Legolas said strongly, though unlike Boromir, he did not start towards them after confirming it. They stood in silence. No movement from the tree seemed forthcoming. "Legolas, come down," commanded Gandalf. "If the battle is over and you perceive no more threat, let your trees stand sentry while you join us on the ground." There was a slight rustling—leaves shifting softly—yet the elf did not appear. Gandalf's bushy eyebrows lowered grumpily as he sighed and moved, scoring his staff into the ground as he stepped closer to the foliage. "Legolas Greenleaf, I am well aware of Yavanna's appreciation for your affinity with her creations, but she will no doubt understand if you choose to leave this one in order to rejoin our fellowship." Strider stood at Gandalf's shoulder and made an impatient sound. It drifted through the air like smoke off the heat of Gandalf's tone. Still, the tree stayed motionless. "Thranduilion, come down!" Gandalf bellowed. Thereafter, there ensued another rustling of leaves, following which Legolas finally dropped to the grass, achieving his landing with slightly less grace than normal. He straightened quickly, smoothing his disheveled stance. Frowning darkly without even twitching his lips, Strider lifted an eyebrow. "You are well?" he said, the low pitch to his voice heavily shrewd and sharp with caution. The elf ignored him, slanting his expression towards Gandalf instead. "Though you seem to think it so, invoking the name of my father cannot cause me to obey you more quickly, Mithrandir." "Your actions tell me otherwise," grumped Gandalf. Legolas dipped his head and readjusted his bow. "I will scout the path ahead." "Legolas," Strider called after him, the warning in his voice sharp as a sword blade, the balancing tang of concern tempered only by the profound grip. "Aragorn, we cannot linger where there resides so much death. I am well. I will find us a spot of safety." Legolas turned and walked off steadily, knives sheathed, bow firmly in hand. Strider slid his eyes to Gandalf and grunted. "Perhaps you should have called him Thranduilion," commented Gimli, gruff but wry. If Sam's lungs hadn't been locked in the same mortar as his joints he might even have laughed. "Perhaps," said Strider, finally sheathing his sword. "Well," said Pippin, in a lighthearted tone that heralded the first true break of tension in the meadow and tapped a tiny encroachment into the possibility of loosening Sam's bones. "That was definitely something I would rather not repeat." "Indeed, Master Hobbit," returned Strider. "In this particular case, I confess, I would have much preferred joining you for elevenses." Merry laughed, but Pippin snorted, gracing their ranger guide with an imperial expression. "We're hours past elevenses now, Mr. Strider. In point of fact, we've passed luncheon also, and if our Legolas doesn't find a suitable spot for us soon, we're bound to miss afternoon tea." "Then let us follow him swiftly in the hopes that we don't," ordered Gandalf. "Quickly, hobbits, gather your things. Swiftly should we leave this place." Carefully, Sam brokered his head and neck from one shoulder to the other, feeling the tension loosen by threads. Finally, he dug his toes up from the earth and tried to shake himself. Gathering his pack, he patted instinctively at Frodo's shoulder, then moved up in front of him, letting Merry and Pippin take the back near Boromir. He tried not to look behind them at the battle they'd just come through, yet it was difficult not to. Was this to be the way of their quest? Seized upon at every opportunity? He was feeling quite useless, if that were to be the path of it. How could he truly help with anything if this became the common course of their journey? He would fight, even if he did so poorly. That he would do, but… Suddenly, there was movement on his right—the sound of shuffling feet over grass and dirt. He began to turn just as Frodo caught his arm and came to walk at his shoulder. "Are you all right, Mr. Frodo? Can I carry something for you?" Frodo smiled gently. "I'm all right, Sam. I just…" He paused to glance behind them, eyes stuttering before he tore them forward again, long fingers resting briefly over the lump under his shirt that was the ring. Sam stared and swallowed. It was a wonder how so small a thing could carry such powerful evil—how such a small slip of metal could make wizards bend in worry and place a company of qualified warriors in situations where even elves could take injury. Sighing into the yawn of the afternoon, Frodo caught Sam's eye and continued, "It's silly, I suppose. We're surrounded by the fellowship, and you were merely feet in front of me, but I didn't… I don't want to walk alone." Sam breathed deeply, letting the remainder of his bones tumble out from the lock of battle mortar, lungs freeing to a full breath. He let his pace match Frodo's and kept himself very deliberately from staring at the corpses behind them, shunting out the memory of their descending growls and bellows. "I understand, Mr. Frodo. I understand." "Thank you, Sam." They missed afternoon tea but found a properly secure spot for dinner. Sam was hoping if the surroundings proved safe enough they'd remain also for supper and to camp for the night. His joints felt creaky, and to look at Frodo was to feel the weariness of everyone. After such a day, could they not all use the rest? Leaning his pack to the broad side of a felled tree, Sam knelt achingly and fished for his pans while some of the others did what was necessary to get a fire going. At the edge of the glade, just beyond his hunker, Gandalf and Strider stood mumbling, tension and concern tiptoeing towards him with their voices. Calming his fingers, Sam froze on his knees, bending forward to catch the remaining snatches of their conversation. "Let him finish his scout of the area," Strider was saying. "He is restless. It will be challenging enough to convince him to submit to my care. Doubly so if his mind remains in its unsettled path." "Harboring an injury away from us will not help him lend his skill to the fellowship, even if he thinks it might. Nor does it set a good example for the hobbits," replied Gandalf in a tone Sam recognized for having been on the receiving end of it—gruff admonishment and short-fused frustration. "He fears detraction from focus on Frodo and the others and does not wish to become a detriment. Worry for him as you must, but do not fault him his purity of intention." "Ever defending him, even when you share my frustration." A cluster of leaves and twigs crumpled softly under Strider's boot as he shifted. It felt to be an incredibly anxious sound to Sam, but the accompanying laugh that rang from the ranger's throat was soft and surprisingly light. "After all this time, Gandalf, I know no other way." The wizard stayed silent, allowing space for the soft emotion. Sam took a breath through his nose and felt his heartbeat slow down. His lungs expanded slowly, catching around a sudden lump in his throat. That gentle second might have lingered were it not for Gandalf's next statement, which returned tension to the conversation in force. The tone made Sam lean forward even more, until his hands were balanced on the rough tree trunk and his forehead brushed the bark. "We both know the situation is not that simple, as much as I wish it were. There is more to your elf's heightened vigilance than an unsettled mind from today's skirmish. I heard your conversation with him after we descended Caradhras. Legolas believes he has seen sign that the creature entrusted to Mirkwood passed this way before us." There was a pause that seemed to draw the air taut over Sam's head, thinning and stretching it until Sam wondered how he would get more into his lungs. "Yes," confirmed Strider succinctly. "Some time ago, he believes, though he is unable to tell whether or not he still lurks." The ranger cleared his throat. "Legolas is wary, Gandalf. Cautious. Knowing Gollum is free—out there somewhere—he fears the creature's intentions. He was on the side of those in Mirkwood that encouraged mercy when they held him prisoner. He blames himself for not being able to defeat the orcs who aided the creature's escape. He will not have the fellowship caught unaware as was Gollum's guard—not with the protection of Frodo as our duty and so many of our fates at stake." Sam's ears burned and a spark of fear ignited in his stomach. Peeking over the log, he watched Gandalf frown, then sigh. "Such thinking puts him in a fey mindset. He was not alone in the hopes that led to Gollum's escape. I encouraged their people's natural compassion when we left him there, and did not tell them what we suspected