"Sue!" I'm drifting on the edge of consciousness, peacefully distant from the world. "Susan Barnthorpe!" My eyes snap open, and I am briefly aware of the branch digging into my back before I am swinging myself down the tree I have inadvertently fallen asleep in. "Coming, coming, coming!" It is no easy task- the Whomping Willow, which is murderously attempting to fling me from its branches, had been sedated using a nifty trick I learnt from observing James Potter when I climbed it, and so didn't notice me slumbering in its boughs. My movement down its branches has roused it, and it has certainly noticed me now. I outmanoeuvre it skilfully, however; I have had a good deal of practice. "For the love of Pete, Sue, you need to stop that. You'll scare Abigail half to death if she sees you, not to mention any of the teachers would have you in detention for a week." Graham scolds me while simultaneously dusting me down, causing my knees to buckle. "Where is Abi?" I ask, catching my footing and scowling at him ungratefully. "And who's Pete?" "Off looking for you," he returns shortly. "Don't worry about it, it's a muggle thing. Come on, she'll know if she sees you here, and anyway, it's the end of lunch. That's why we were looking for you. Abi reckoned you were off snoozing somewhere, so she made me help her check the grounds. Where's your bookbag? Ah, there it is. Honestly, it's your own silly fault for falling asleep in the bloody Whomping Willow anyway if you ask me. I would have just left you to it, only Abi would go on, and Brandon Johnson mentioned he'd seen you up here again…" Graham chunters on as he tows me away, still scowling. "It's not a bookbag, it's a satchel," I interrupt obstinately. "How old are you, fifty?" "That is so not the point." "You are so melodramatic." I mimic him childishly. "You are so not old enough to be studying for NEWTs. Shorty." I stick my tongue out at him, and he grins, peace restored. When he resumes his chuntering, this time about silly idiots who make him late to class, it is more good-natured. I refrain from pointing out that if he and Abi were not so busy thrusting their tongues down each other's throats (bad image, need better phrasing) they might have noticed I was asleep up a tree capable of killing a man before the end of lunch. Not that I would have said this anyway. Graham and Abigail are the closest things I have to friends- they certainly care about me, though Abi makes it more obvious than the blustering Graham- but they were together long before they took pity on me at the beginning of fifth year (unlike me, they are Hufflepuffs- far too nice for their own good) and far be it from my intentions to cramp their style. They know I'll come to them if I need it, but frankly I can do okay on my own. I did for four whole years. " There you are! I thought you must have drowned, or been caught by wolves, or disturbed Potter and Weasley in a prank, or fallen down a rabbit hole-" "Yeah, I spotted a white rabbit in a waistcoat," I offer, and Graham, who is muggleborn, snorts appreciatively. Abi takes no notice and continues her diatribe. "Or been knocked down by a broomstick, or carried off by centaurs, or–" "Abi," says Graham affectionately, "shut up, there's a dear." Abi tosses her long plait of mousy brown hair behind her and shrugs. "I get worried. GOODNESS GRACIOUS MERLIN IS THAT THE TIME? PROFESSOR VECTOR WILL MURDER US!" And with that we are swept along in her wake, Graham protesting that Vector had never even slightly hinted at any murderous tendencies, and me pondering whether anybody else in the world was as well suited as Graham and Abigail. At dinner that evening, the Potter-Weasleys are causing a ruckus; not a particularly uncommon occurrence. I muse over my mashed potatoes about how odd it is that a bunch of teenagers can be all at once like celebrities and normal people. Of course, the rest of the school is pretty used to their presence by now- it had been coming up six years since James Potter, the apparent leader of the clan, had entered Hogwarts. Though a few less conspicuous figures had passed through bearing the surname Weasley before him that was when things really started to liven up (or so I have gathered – being in the same year as Potter I have never known a Hogwarts without him.) I know Molly Weasley, two years older than me, is pretty nice. She helped me fish my broomstick out of a tree when I was in second year, and there was nothing remotely celebrity-ish about her. Just a nice, fairly quiet, bookish girl with a soft spot for kids younger than her. Others are far more intimidating. Dominique Weasley (who is currently shrieking loudly at some comment made by a member of her large family, her voice filling the hall) is a year below me, and Merlin, she scares me. You know those people who are so fantastically glamorous that they seem almost other-worldly? Yeah, that's what she is. She always has a faint look of discontent about her, as though the world is not quite living up to her expectations. It might seem odd to spend my dinner mulling over a bunch of kids I barely know, but really, that's all part of the Hogwarts experience. Big old castle, giant squid in the lake, Hagrid in his hut, and celebrity kids in the dinner hall, dominating the Gryffindor table. The majority of the school knows…well, most, if not all, of the Potter-Weasleys by name, but I doubt if they know between them more than a dozen names outside their own house, and that's including the few of their family that slipped through the net. They are just so wrapped up in their little world of their own family- the sort that look out for each other, and defend their ranks from the rest of the world with a kind of fierce resilience that's taught others not to mess with them. They know things, too- about Hogwarts, about magic, things that others don't seem to. It was by observing James Potter and Fred Weasley from a distance that I discovered the shooting-a-twig-at-the-right-knothole (with a depulso) trick to sedate the Whomping Willow. I have spotted various members of the family disappearing into previously unsuspected secret passageways, and using spells I certainly don't recognise, and can't find in any book. No, it is not creepy how much I notice them. Most people do, although perhaps I watch them more that some. Truth be told, they fascinate me. I suppose most schools have their group of "populars"- my mother certainly told me that when she was at Beaubatons there was always the tightly knit "cool" group, whom most (most of those not in the group, of course) regarded with a certain amount of suspicion. But there's something different about the Potter-Weasleys. Every house has its own little friendship group of Populars- I am unfortunate enough to share a dorm with some of those in my house- but the Potter-Weasleys are above that. They're real people, right enough, and aren't afraid to show it, but there's a kind of… guardedness about them. They're polite enough to those around them, and they certainly have friends outside of their own family, but it seems definitely to be a family first kind of scenario. Perhaps that's the reason they catch my attention so much. Their sense of belonging must be so strong, they never feel alone. That night, I attempt to write a diary again. I have never had much success with the "Dear Diary, today I realised I fancy such and such, I ate cheese on toast and had a fight with my best friend, she is such a bitch" way of doing it. Each diary entry I try is different (and invariably several months apart) as I am always searching for some way to make myself actually stick to it. This time I try lists of things that are important to me. People Mother Abigail Graham The brevity of this list depresses me into hastily starting a new one. Food Jacket potatoes with cheese Lemon tart Spaghetti bolognaise but with the twirly pasta instead of spaghetti Tomato and basil soup Seafood risotto, with no green pepper and extra prawns Chocolate brownie with icecream Fizzing Whizbees Iced Butterbeer Shepherd's Pie Battered fish Battered sausage Chips Burgers Crisps I am interrupted before I have got properly started however, by the entrance of the four other girls in my dorm. The Slytherin girls' dorms are never nice places to be if you are a social outcast, and I whip my diary away under my pillow in case it is noticed. However, the four of them are far too engaged in their own conversation to notice me. "You have got to be kidding. Fred Weasley? I thought he, like, never dated seriously. He's always been a love-em-and-leave-em type, right?" That is Alyson Parkinson, blonde haired with a constant expression of slight distaste at the world around her. "Well, you would know, Ally. Didn't you hook up with him last year?" short, slightly rounded Brenda Stayman inquires. "No, two years ago. It was fourth year. I wanted James Potter, but he just doesn't date at all, so I settled for his cousin." "Anyway," Zoë Krinoshey impatiently brings the discussion back to what was evidently the point. "Fred Weasley is in a committed relationship with Sadie Langton? Are we absolutely sure on this point?" "I had it from her sister's best friend," confirms Dahlia Nott. "Together for a month now." At this point I tune out. Their gossip is just excessive. Nevertheless, due to my slight Weasley-Potter obsession (and the fact that I share Arithmancy classes with both of them) the next day I do happen to notice something of a tenderness between the two in question. Professor Vector is ill, and for some unfathomable reason they have got Professor Trelawney to fill in our NEWT class- she claims that it's better than the randomer the kids lower down the school are getting, since she took Arithmancy NEWT level, but I have my doubts. I took Divination for 5 years at OWLs- never again. Needless to say, by the time 40 minutes of the hour long lesson has elapsed, I have given up all hope of paying attention to her wittering voice (it is last lesson of the day, after all) and am observing Fred and Sadie detachedly over the top of my textbook, simply for lack of anything better to do. It's not as though Anna Parker, the tagalong in a Ravenclaw trio (all trios have two best friends and a tagalong, from my observation) who only ended up sitting next to me at the paired desks because Fiona Williams and Dianne Boot took the pair in front together, is going to want to play noughts and crosses or anything. Fred seems a decent enough sort, but I wouldn't have expected him to go for Sadie, somehow. She's a bit too… nice, in an irritating kind of way. Damn. I realise that I barely know the girl, and I'm passing her off as irritating just like that. I wonder gloomily if I am just as bitchy as Alyson Parkinson on the inside, I just don't have anyone to let it out to, outside of my own consciousness. A quarter through the year resolution, be less judgemental. Maybe everyone is actually this judgemental in their heads, and the important part is not to say it out loud? This thought cheers me somewhat. Until I glance sideways at Abi and Graham sharing the double desks adjacent to mine, and my heart