Strangers Leo laughs as he hears them talk about Nico di Angelo on the streets constantly. Nico is stuck in a room. A/N: So I did this as a warm up and to test out this new writing style. I won't be writing like this in the future, however. Set AU timeline nico and leo fall in love instead of calypso and will. Nico has visited Calypso between PJO and HoO, Leo does meet Calypso but they become good friends. Wrote this to try a new style. Through the mark of Athena to post heroes of Olympus Nico meets Calypso before HoO and they become really good friends, and he's the one who promises by the river styx to bring her back. He's the one who told her about Percy's promise. Nico would do that sort of thing. Leo, Nico, Calypso become good friends. No Will Solace, No Nico Di Angelo confession right after the battle, Leo hears them talk about Nico di Angelo on the ship constantly, it was like Percy Jackson all over again. He doesn't know much about 'Nico' only that he's the son of Hades and they needed to rescue him. Leo didn't give Nico di Angelo any other thoughts besides that. Nico is stuck in a jar. He's thin as hell and that's ironic in itself. He's been into literal hell and back and he's trying to repress sobs of things he's seen. He had eaten three seeds and he can barely feel or think except that oh gods he's going to die soon, the world's going to end soon, and Percy Jackson. They save Nico di Angelo. Leo saved Hazel and Frank. It was way too perfect. Something was totally going on. Annabeth falls, Percy tries to save her, Percy falls, Nico tries to save him. Nico's not sure what hurts him more – Percy Jackson with another or Percy Jackson dying. It isn't fair, he wants to scream as Percy and Annabeth fall and Percy made him make stupid promises. He knows he's being absolutely selfish but he can't help it. He was alone in Tartarus, no one with him. Tears don't hesitate to fall as Percy slips from his fingers. Their alive, he assures the nervous looking curly haired boy later on. When Leo takes a good look at Nico di Angelo at last, yeah sure he's been to Tartarus but Leo still had to say he was still freaked out about him. This was the kid everyone talked about? He had a face of a kid but eyes of an old man. He was too thin and his clothes hung to him. Uncombed tufts of black hair. He needed more food and sunlight. And that was Leo was going to do. Nico didn't sleep. Nor did he eat much. It wasn't healthy to eat a lot if you barely had eaten anything anyway. Nico was too afraid off sleeping, dreams and death haunted him. They had offered him Percy's bunk but he refused. Usually, Nico pretends he had woken up around five. Then he heads down the hallway and maybe, sometimes eats something. Leo Valdez was there today though. Leo worked overtime often, barely going to his cabin. His curly hair filled with grease and baggy eyes. Leo was often alone in the night and early morning. Nico di Angelo was there today though. Leo waved at him, Nico waved back. The two didn't interact much. Seeing his skeletal frame once again reminded him of something, "Want breakfast?" Leo had asked. Leo saw that Nico was about to shake his head but Leo cut him off. "Gee, it's just eggs." So there Nico sat, waiting as Leo was cooking eggs. It was probably around six and light was filtering the ship, Nico saw the faint specks of dust. It was so peaceful, it seemed impossible that they were in the middle of a war. Leo served Nico sunny-side up eggs, as well as himself. He cooked for the rest, sometimes Piper would when he couldn't. Hours go by and the sense of harmony and danger are both present in Nico. The hours feel either too long or too short. They were attacked for two days straight and Jesus Christ, Nico di Angelo has the nerve to sass him about masts in the middle of battle. Nico was not going to lose another sister. "Dude, don't worry, Arion's cool. Hazel should be safe." Leo re-assured him as he saw Hazel slowly disappear to the dark cloud. Nico gripped the edge of the ship but nodded. Yeah, it wasn't Leo's first time spending time with Nico, doesn't mean it can't be awkward. They were currently fighting rocks, worrying about Hazel, worrying about the ship, worrying about the crew, oh when will it end. Nico dreamed of Percy Jackson dying that night. Leo dreamed of Gaea that night. Nico hid from the crew, but it was impossible to hide from just Leo's voice. Nico was so good at hiding and being silent, making Leo jump at the dinner table. CUPID. The name echoed repeatedly in the cavern and in Nico's head. CUPID. CUPID. CUPID. CUPID. Another arrow had been shot as his feet. Love is on every side, Cupid said. And no one's side. Don't ask what Love can do for you. Another arrow was shot at him, and this time it hit. Nico felt like he was back in the bronze jar, suffocating. He was in a tank, trying to find a way. He was lost, he was drowning, he was suffocating. He heard Jason call out for him. His right arm clenched and Nico shouted, "Enough games! Show yourself!" It is a costly thing, Cupid said, looking on the true face of Love. "Stop it!" Nico yelled. "It's me you want. Leave him alone!" Poor Nico di Angelo. Do you know what you want, much less what I want? My beloved Psyche risked everything in the name of Love. It was the only way to atone for her lack of faith. And you—what have you risked in my name? "I've been to Tartarus and back. You don't scare me." Another lie. I scare you very, very much. Face me. Be honest. "Give us Diocletian's scepter," Nico said. "We don't have time for games." Games? Love is no game! It is no flowery softness! It is hard work—a quest that never ends. It demands everything from you—especially the truth. Only then does it yield rewards. "Nico," he called, "what does this guy want from you?" Jason's voice was distant, Nico completely ignored him. This was between him and Cupid. Tell him, Nico di Angelo, Cupid said. Tell him you are a coward, afraid of yourself and your feelings. Tell him the real reason you ran from Camp Half-Blood, and why you are always alone. Nico felt tears through his shut eyes, he felt the same suffocation. Nico screamed. The ground at his feet split open and skeletons crawled forth— dead Romans with missing hands and caved-in skulls, cracked ribs, and jaws unhinged. Some were dressed in the remnants of togas. Others had glinting pieces of armor hanging off their chests. Will you hide among the dead, as you always do? Nico felt all the emotions roll of him. Anger, resentment, jealousy, selfishness, loneliness, hatred. Admiration, fondness, love. In his shut eyes, he saw Percy's smile, his eyes. And just, he was so beautiful and wasn't his. He hated him, he hated his smile, his eyes. How much just that had an effect on him. He hated himself for loving him. Then Nico remembered Percy's laugh – and despite the pent up dark emotions inside of him, he felt like he was on top of the world. Interesting! Cupid said. Do you have the strength, after all? "I left Camp Half-Blood because of love," Nico said, not caring about Jason anymore. If he lied then maybe, just maybe- "Annabeth…she—" Still hiding, You do not have the strength. And so you run away again, from your friends, from yourself. "I don't have friends!" Nico yelled. "I left Camp Half-Blood because I don't belong! I'll never belong!" Years of hatred made him remember who he was. He was an ugly, useless, annoying. Nico di Angelo was the son of death, the opposite of everyone, a sin. Nico di Angelo was not them, he was a dirty. Nico's voice was like broken glass. "I—I wasn't in love with Annabeth." He couldn't fight anymore. "I hated myself," Nico said. "I hated Percy Jackson." Cupid appeared and Nico glared at him. The bastard was watching him with sick satisfaction. "I had a crush on Percy," Nico spat. "That's the truth. That's the big secret." Leo was worried sick. Jason and Nico came back in a mess, tired and weary. Once the others had left and it was only him, Jason, and Piper. Leo pulled a screwdriver from his belt. "So much for the big team meeting. Looks like it's just us again." They discussed about the prophecy. Apparently Jason or himself had to die. He felt like choking and there was an empty pit in his stomach. Jason was obviously going to live, golden boy was to precious to live anyway. But he laughed it off. Avoiding the subject with humour was just another of Leo's specialties. Nico sobbed at the edge of the ship. Leo worked and worked, keeping his mind off of what Piper had said. Nico came back the next day and Leo cooked him eggs. Leo fell. Something happened with Khione and he was on an island. His sphere was activated and he had ran into a girl. She was eating and Leo blew her dining table up. She was really, really pretty. Leo was greatly disappointed by her next words. "You're not Nico." "Nico? As in Nico di Angelo? Well, lady, you see-" "You know him?" The lady exclaimed. "Ye-yeah…" "Well, hero, I'm Calypso." He noticed that her smile was forced. Leo was gone, taken by winds – but he was alive. Nico knew what that meant. Lady Calypso and Ogygia. Nico swore, he had promised her under the River Styx that he would take her out. How should she feel once it wasn't Nico. Nico clenched his hands, probably wouldn't care because she didn't believe him anyway. Leo didn't understand Calypso. Forced smiles and meals, it confused him. They were waiting for a raft apparently and he was being smothered by clothing and food. She had asked him what was going on in the outside world. They talked a lot and stuff. He had told her his deepest secrets and fears. She told him the men that had passed by through the years, but treaded the topic carefully. But the raft did appear, and he jumped on it. "Sorry." He said, even he didn't know why. He felt so helpless – gods he couldn't even save an immortal girl from a pretty prison? "Nothing to be sorry about." She kissed his forehead, and out of the few days he had spent there with her, he felt as if she was relaxed this time. "Tell Nico that he was just being ridiculous. Kill some titans out there for me, okay Leo?" He nodded, and she was already gone. Leo was here. Well that was what Piper had said. He was looking clean and fresh as ever, albeit frowning a bit. They had all asked questions, barely giving him time to breathe. When he met Leo's eyes, Leo glared at him. Nico glared back. He knew where he was from and Leo seemed to know. "Calypso said you were just being ridiculous." Nico nodded. The crew had asked him all questions. Calypso? Who was she? Nico replied for him. The story of how she had taken care of marooned men. Leo was grateful. Now was the time to find Percy and Annabeth. Gods, Nico was trying to hurry them up. They could be dead. Leo