A/N: I know it has been a decade and a half since I have written or uploaded anything, but I was randomly inspired by this new Adele album and just had to get this out! If there is still anyone out there who follows and cares about anything I have to write, this is for you! I am not opposed to continuing this story, have a lot of ideas and hope to do so. But, that all depends on the traffic and desire to hear more. So for now, this is a onesie. (: Enjoy! Reviews, PMs, all of it is so welcome. Find me on tumblr! Char-thelove. P.S. As always, I own none of this. All the praise to Suzanne Collins for creating such a vivid world, and Adele for the inspiration and heartbreak (; She was so nervous that she had nearly made herself sick. Katniss hated these types of events: these congratulatory, self indulgent galas. The expensive dresses and the uncomfortable shoes and the powdery shit they would pat on her face, over and over. It was a "necessary engagement", Effie, her events coordinator had told her when she tried to wiggle her way out of it. And she knew, she always knew. Her little non-profit that could; her home for the abandoned children of 12-Ward, needed all the exposure and self-indulgent money it could get. So Katniss would suck it up and put on the sole crushing heels and the too tight gowns and let Effie pester with her hair. But this time was different. She had nearly keeled over when Effie placed the itinerary on her desk on a foggy morning two weeks ago. There, in shimmery gold lettering, was Keynote Speech by Home in the Meadow President, Katniss Everdeen . A speech. A keynote fucking speech in front of the elite of 12-Ward, and even all of Panem. Oh yeah, it gets worse. Worse than her name in bright gold letters was the name underneath it: Introduction by Mayor Peeta Mellark . Peeta Mellark . He was everywhere, that was no shock. Everyone knew he was going places, ever since grade school when we the teacher would ask the class if anyone wanted to read the paragraph of our text book aloud, and his hand shot up in the air like a rocket taking flight… He was good at his job, very good. The youngest mayor the city ever had at a striking age of 27. He cared about 12-ward, and most importantly, the people who inhabited it. But even with his good intentions, his policies were hurting those who needed the help. Those in the Seam, where she grew up, struggling to feed themselves and their children. To find jobs with decent wages. To survive. But he was a huge donor to Home by the Meadow, was one of it's first donors when the house first opened it's doors five years ago. She never questioned the motive, just kept the image that he was a man with money and wanted to put it to good use. But on certain nights, when the loss of a child chilled her down to her bones, more than the lack of heat in her small apartment, she imagined that he did it because he knew It was home for her. A home she built to give kids what she never had. Or simply because he saw her name on the door. Katniss shifted uncomfortably in her seat, shockingly early to the event in honor of the most charitable charities in the city. The irony of that statement never failed to force her eyes to roll into the back of her head. People began to trickle into the decorated ballroom, full of crystal chandeliers and three tables spread with the richest of foods. Effie got her eye from across the room, and motioned for Katniss to join her. The woman of honor should not be hiding at her table chewing on ice cubes. Katniss cursed herself as she stumbled in her shoes to gain her footing, plastering the smile that Effie deemed "appropriate for appearances". She shook hands and accepted the praise and compliments for her work for the inner city youth. One older woman, with wrinkly skin that nearly matched her leather handbag and cloaked in a fur shawl that was probably worth two months of her rent, leaned down and whispered, "I don't know how you do it. Live with those hopeless vermin. You deserve more than a check." It took everything within Katniss not to wrap that prized vermin made coat around her head and feel the last of her air pool from her body. Instead, she excused herself. Katniss found a stairwell and climbed to the fourth floor, far enough away where she felt no one could imagine she had gone. She found a dressing room, complete with vanity mirrors and couches, clearly tailor made for a wedding party. She fell onto the couch with a loud "oomph", kicking her shoes off and burrowing her feet under her. She relished in the quiet, the hustle and bustle of the gala a few floors below draining her in a way her work never could. She reached into her bra and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper, slightly damp from the sweat that had collected between her breasts. She glanced at the sheet, the words blurring together in front of her. She had never been good with words, and this speech was making her crack. "Guess I'm not the only one hiding, huh?" Katniss turned her head to the other side of the room, not sure if the crack in her neck or the ache in her heart was more painful. There in the doorway of the bathroom stands Peeta Mellark, in a well fitting plum suit and shimmering baby blues that sent a chill through her. "Katniss Everdeen?" He took a few steps towards her then stopped, taking her in. The way he was watching her, devouring her, it made her feel more uncomfortable in her green gown. "Peeta Mellark. Or, Mayor Mellark, I should say." He cringed, then let out a slight chuckle. "Katniss, please. You've known me since before I could tie my shoelaces." "I do remember you, countless times, tripping over your laces in your rush to the jungle Jim. Would the people of 12-Ward be as head over heels if they knew their precious mayor couldn't tie his own two laces?" His lips spread in this wide white smile, slightly crooked, and she realized how much she had missed it. How could she miss something that was never hers? She didn't realize how close he was now, how steadily he was inching towards the couch. "So, I'm guessing you hate giving speeches as much now as you did back in school?" He motioned towards the crumpled sheet that was still in her hands. She moved her hand behind her, hiding the speech under her butt. Peeta chuckled. "I am truly amazed at how little people change." "And here I am, amazed at how much people do." A chill filled the air as their eyes linked, question in his stare. "Katniss—" "Don't." She stood up and dusted herself off, stuffing her speech back into the safety of her bosom. "I should get back. Effie is going to kill me." She attempted to walk past him, but his gentle touch meeting her shoulder froze her. "Wait. Please, just…wait." She stood still but refused to meet his eyes and face him. The close proximity of him was already too much. His scent was so sweet, a soft mixture of cinnamon that reminded her of his father's bakery, and a musk completely him . "Use your heart." "What?" Now she turned to him, and immediately regretted it when his sincere eyes found her soul. "You don't need a prewritten speech. Don't tell them what you think they want to hear. Tell them what they need to hear." "Some of us don't have the luxury of being loved by the entire city. They get what they want, and my kids get money. We survive another year." "Trust me, Katniss. You've always been at your best when you are…well, when you are yourself. Save the soul crushing appeasement to me." Katniss couldn't take her eyes off of him. Something about him was so…captivating. The way his hand was ghosting over the small of her back and the desperation in his eyes…she trusted him. For a reason she could not quite place. Katniss left first, stumbling back into her shoes and nearly falling down the stairs as she found her way back to the ballroom. Things were settling now as patrons were finding their seats, the first course soon to be served. Katniss could feel the irritation of Effie's stare from across the room, but she simply smiled in return as she took her seat. "Where were you?" Effie seethed through smiling teeth. "Had to finish up my speech. Sorry, I didn't mean to be gone so long." Effie scoffed but Katniss could tell that she was already over the entire thing. No matter how much Effie cared about appearances and utterly trivial things, the woman had a true genuine spirit. She loved deeper than anyone Katniss had ever met. Well, besides her sister. The room suddenly fell silent besides the sound of chairs scooting backwards against the wood floor. Peeta was entering the room, his advisor, Haymitch Abernathy, preceding him. It was customary to stand when established members of the government entered a room, and Katniss was no exception. But, she felt her knees buckling as Haymitch stopped at the seat next to hers at the main table in the front of the room. The thought that the mayor would be sitting at this table made complete and total sense, but at this moment it pained her. When Peeta arrived after a few minutes of shaking hands and schmoozing the room, he whispered something to Haymitch and he moved over a seat. A cloud of cinnamon floated around her as Peeta sat next to her. Effie was on her feet immediately, leaning in to speak. "Mayor Mellark! It is such an honor to be at the same table as you. Truly, truly an honor!" Katniss rolled her eyes as Effie's more traditional and precise accent came back; it tends to make an appearance when she is nervous and trying to use her Capital background as leverage. "Of course, Ms. Trinkett. It is a true pleasure to be in such wonderful company." Katniss could have sworn she saw him looking at her from the corner of his eye. Dinner was being served and Katniss ate quietly while those around chatted and laughed. She felt so uncomfortable being the center of attention at this huge table and event. She felt like a circus animal, everyone staring and probably whispering about her. The worst part being that the whispers weren't even about her life consuming work, but more about her appearance and personal life. Katniss Everdeen: the girl who escaped the Seam. The orphan girl. The girl with the dead sister. Strange how your past defines you. "You never get used to it." His warm breath in her ear startled her. She turned to look at Peeta, his earnest eyes on her, and she wondered how long he had been staring at her. "What?" "The spotlight. You never quite get used to people staring at you all the time. Trust me." "This is nothing new for you, Mayor Mellark." His left eyebrow twitched, again. It was as if he had some involuntary reaction to being referenced as the mayor. "Even when we were young, everyone always had their eyes on you. Everything you did was always so…beautiful. From the way you would unwrap your rolls at lunch and then immediately hand your extras out to the kids who lost their lunch to the bullies at recess…" Katniss clasped her