My Mate, His Imprint Day 1 I lean over the man and was about to sink my fangs in to his neck when I smell another vampire. I decide to let it pass until I'm done eating but then I feel a presence behind me. I turn around to see a huge guy standing with his arms crossed over his chest and I decide to pick his mind for a second. I find out a few things about this mystery man like his name is Emmett Cullen, he lives with eight other vampires, he's one of the vegetarian types, and he has a girl but she's not his mate. I wish I could I see his face when they find out none of his coven mates are meant to be with the one there with now. "I don't think you wanna bite him." I cross my arms over my chest and he smirks. "Yeah and why is that little man?" He keeps smirking and then comes closer. I stand my ground and then square my shoulders before fixing him with a death glare. "Because then I'd have to kill him and dispose of the body young lady." I smirk and I see a mean glint in his eyes. "I'm way older than you so back the hell off, now." I decide I'd wait for his move before I turn on a gift. I hear him chuckle deep in his throat as he runs at me vampire speed. As I'm checking my nails I snap my fingers and paralyze him so he can't run at me again. "What the hell did you do to me?" I smirk and stand in front of him before I stop looking at my nails. "I paralyzed you so you couldn't run again. Now, if you promise to not try to run at me again I unfreeze you." He glares at me before slowly nodding. I snap my fingers again and he moves away from me slightly with a small frown on his face. "Who are you and why are you in Forks?" I actually wasn't sure where I was until he told me so I'm just gonna tell the truth and hope to god he doesn't do anything stupid. "My name isn't important and I wasn't sure where I was until you told me." He nods and his features soften just a bit. "Just promise to not eat here okay?" That man was the first human I had tried to eat ever so yeah. I might as well go back to being a vegetarian for a little while anyway. I nod and his face busts out in a goofy grin that's seriously contagious. "What's up, my name's Emmett Cullen and you are?" I smile and smile at him. "I know who you are and I'm Dylan Blake." He looks at me curiously and I wonder what's wrong. "How did you know who I am?" "My gifts are quiet useful at times." He cocks a brow at my statement and I remember that not all vamps have more than one gift. "Well, would you come with me to meet the others?" I feel like making a smart-ass remark but resist the urge. "Just let me help this guy and I'll come with you." He nods and stares as I crouch down next to the man and wave two fingers over his eyes. I wiped his memory of me and Emmett before knocking him out for a little while. Emmett leads me to a big silver Jeep and I hoist myself up to the passenger's seat. I was only an inch shorter than Emmett so I could easily lift myself in to his nice Jeep that's like a foot off the ground. He drives fast like any other vampire I know and I remember that I had left my dirt bike in New York. I'll have it shipped later, you know if I remember it's still there. From this 45 minute drive I can honestly say that I hate trees and that I never wanna see another one again until the day I'm decapitated. You see, in New York we didn't have trees everywhere like here. You had to go to a park or a rural area to find a tree. I feel the car stop and I look in front of me to see a beautifully architected house. I open the door and swing my feet out before jumping down. Emmett opens the door for me to come in and I thank him before walking in to see eight other vamps and a wolf. Least they're somewhat interracial, you know in a way. "Hello, I'm Carlisle and this is my mate Esme." I stifle a laugh and he continues. "The blonde is Rosalie, the ginger is Edward," And that's when I hold up my hand to stop him. "I know who ya'll are so why did Emmett bring me here?" Carlisle looks at Emmett and he smiles at me. "Um, I found her and she did something I didn't know we could do." Carlisle looks at Emmett as if saying to get on with it. "Well, when she insulted me I ran at her but when she snapped her fingers I was paralyzed." Carlisle looks at me and I smile before he turns to the others. "What is your name young one?" I chuckle slightly and they look at me curiously. Carlisle just nods and then turns to his 'mate' with a small smile. "By the way, my name is Dylan Blake." They all nod and I send them a dazzling smile. "Okay Ms. Blake, we would like to offer you a place to stay with us as a part of our coven." I don't know what to say so I just nod slowly as Emmett goes to give me a hug but stops when I push him back. "Dylan, what abilities do you have?" I look at Carlisle with a smile and he can't help but smile back at me. "Do you wanna list or just a simple definition?" "If it's not too much trouble a list would be great." I nod and take a deep breath even though I don't exactly need it. "Pyrotechnics, hypnosis, lightning, that thing Jane does, emotions, read minds, shield buster, the thing Alec does, the thing Aro does, the thing Marcus does, tracker, shape-shifter, elementalist, I can paralyze people, freeze people, make things appear and disappear, invisibility, I can mimic traits, mimic voices, movements, speak to animals, fly, make plants grow, and a bunch of other crap that's less important." They're all staring at me and I wonder what the hell I did this time. They smile at me one at a time and I wonder if I should tell each of them about their true mates. I decided to wait till later and I see everyone staring at me with creepy smiles. "Well, that's pretty impressive if I do say so myself." I smile at him and he smiles back. "I can also see relationships between people and who their mates are and do I have news for you lot." I had a slight English accent from when I spent some time there three years ago. "What do you mean by that?" I look at Esme and immediately decide I like her. She's like the mother I never had in a way. "I figured you knew who your real mates are." They look at me like I'm crazy and I decide to continue. "Well I'm gonna assume you didn't meet your mate before you got married and if you did you didn't wanna hurt any feelings. The only correct mates in here are Renesmee and Jacob." (A/N Renesmee is sixteen)They look at Jacob and Renesmee before looking at me. "Will you tell us who true mates are is?" I smile at Carlisle and then look at the others. "Okay, Edward and Rosalie, Esme and Jasper, Carlisle and Bella, and Emmett and Alice are the true pairings in this household." They look at their true mates and then sit next to them. I see everyone smiling at their new mates and I smile at their newfound happiness. I hadn't found my mate yet and I wasn't exactly looking around either. I couldn't wait till I found my mate but I just wasn't obsessed with finding my mate. I smile as everyone heads to what they were gonna do and Esme comes over to me with a nice smile. "How about I show you to your room Dylan?" I nod and smile at her before getting up and following her up the stairs. She leads me to the last room and I see a blank plaque on the door where I can put my name. I smile as she opens the door and I see my new room. It was spacious with a black L shaped couch in the corner, a coffee table in front of the couch, a flat-screen in front of the couch, a built in wall stereo next to the couch, a door which leads to the bathroom, a closet, a balcony, another door which leads somewhere, a desk with a computer on it, and full length mirror on the back of the exit/entrance. "Thank you Esme it's amazing." She nods before pulling me in to a hug which I immediately return. "Dylan, do you have any problems with wolves?" I laugh slightly and she smiles some more. "Oh god no, some of my best friends are wolves." She nods and then looks out the window. "Well, the pack will be here in fifteen minutes, just to let you know." I nod and when she leaves I decide to change out of what I'm wearing and in to something else. I open the closet door and fish out some clothes before walking in to the bathroom to change. I slip on the tight ripped black skinny jeans that left nothing to the imagination, a white tank-top, and white and black converse. The outfit matched my new room because the room is decorated in black and white. I decide to leave my hair straight and was about to go to the balcony when I hear a knock. I open it to see the pixie girl Alice and motion for her to come on in. She walks gracefully and I wonder how she could be with big and burly Emmett. She sits down on the couch and pats the spot next to her so I sit down and she smiles at me. "Hi, thank you for helping with the whole mate thing. I would like to invite you to come shopping with us ladies tomorrow while the guys and wolves do something." I nod and she squeals before hopping up and floating out of the room. I get up and open the door and smile at what I see inside. It was a small room with two bookcases with movies on one and books on the other. I see a black knapsack hanging on the back of the door and grab it before looking at the rest of the stuff. They also had a video game rack in here as well so that was pretty wicked if you ask me. I close the door and sit back down on the couch before opening the knapsack. Inside was a black IPhone 6, a black laptop, a black Kindle, a black and silver wallet, a piece of paper, a pair of black and silver Beats earbuds, and black and silver Beats headphones. I smile and make sure to thank them after the wolves leave tonight. I grab the paper and see it has all the Cullen numbers as well as Jacob and Sam. I feel like I recognize name but just can't place it for some strange reason. I put all the numbers in to the phone and then download some apps. I download IHeartradio, Instagram, and Netflix before I put