I've finally published the first chapter of the next part of the series. Finally! This chapter was so damn hard to write because of the way I left things at the end of Unchosen. I didn't want to rush things but I also didn't want to utterly depress you guys. I hope I found a decent and realistic balance because this chapter kind of sets the tone for the rest of this part of the series, which will also be the last part. I expect it to be shorter than the previous one. I'm thinking 20 chapters but my stories tend to live a life of their own and this one might suddenly decide to be longer than that. I guess we'll see where it takes me. I still want to thank everyone who's made it this far with Danny and me. I love hearing what you think of it and watch that favourite and alert number go up. Thank you for reading this story. I hope you'll continue to do so until the end of The End. Chapter 1 " As light and dark collide…" The whisper seems to come from deeper within the forest. The fog makes it impossible to see anything over three feet away. The woman this voice belongs to, whoever she is, doesn't seem to be anywhere too close to me. " The second part of a chosen whole determines victory." "Hello?" I call out to her. "Is anyone there?" I don't think she heard me for her words aren't an answer to my question. Perhaps I need to get closer. " The home of the soul returns," "Hello?" I repeat, going deeper into the forest where I think she must be. To my right, I see a dark figure standing amongst the trees. At first glance, I assumed it was another rock but it's moving. It has to be the woman. " And in exchange for life before the close," The figure doesn't move as I run up to her. The woman has her back to me but slowly turns around when I grab her by the shoulder. "Harry?" I gasp as the person I thought was the woman from the prophecy turns out to be my brother. He has the blankest expression I've ever seen on his face and stares at me with dead eyes as he opens his mouth and out comes the woman's voice. " The power to vanquish the Dark Lord shall thrive in his marked equal." He doesn't respond to me calling his name. Instead he smiles, in a way that belongs on Voldemort's face more than it does on his, and raises his wand. "Avada Kedavra!" The green beam of light marks the end of my dream. I scream and gasp as I wake again, not in the Forbidden Forest but in my own bed, tangled up in my sheets. I frantically throw them off me as breath comes in short sobs and I need to remind myself it was just a dream. The same dream I've been having every night, for the past three weeks. But just a dream. It is not a forebode of what's to come. It's not real. "Danny?" I look up, only now noticing that the door to my bedroom is open and in the doorway stands the object of my nightmares. "You were shouting out my name." "I-" I choke. "It… it was just a bad dream." Albeit a repetitive one that drives me insane. "You have been having a lot of those lately," Harry sounds like he might be frowning at that. "There are a lot of bad things to dream about." The supposed prophecy I heard at the end of the school year being the main one. "Do you need me to-" "No," I quickly say. No matter what it is he was offering, I don't want it. "I'm fine." "Are you sure?" He steps further into my room. "Because yo-" "Go away!" I snap at him. The approaching footsteps stop and even though I can't see his expression in the dark, I'm sure it's hurt. I realise he's just trying to help, but I don't want him here. "Okay," He retreats back to the hallway. "Goodnight, Danny." He closes the door, trapping me in complete darkness again, alone. I heave a sigh before falling backwards on the bed, shivering now that I've gotten rid of my sheets and the night sweat has dried on my skin, staring at the ceiling I can't see. This is the 23th time I've had this dream since we left Hogwarts. And every single time it takes me by surprise how alarmingly real it feels. Like I really was just transported from my bed into the Forbidden Forest. As soon as I wake up, I know it's not real. I wasn't there, those words weren't Harry's and he did not try to kill me. But in every dream lies a bit of truth. What this nightmare is trying to tell me is not hard to figure out. "In exchange for life," I whisper into the dark. The words those woman spoke three weeks ago have not stopped haunting me, during the night and the day. I know them by heart. As light and dark collide, the second part of a chosen whole determines victory. The home of the soul returns, and in exchange for life before the close, the power to vanquish the Dark Lord shall thrive in his marked equal. There are only so many things it can mean and while I'm confused as to what 'the home of the soul returns' and 'the close' means, it is quite clear that I will have to die. It doesn't say why, or how, or when, unless you consider 'before the close' to be specific enough. All I know is that my life has to be forfeited. Whether that means I'll die as a means to motivate Harry to the end, or if I will die saving my brother so that he can finish the quest we started on together, or if I have to die to destroy a Horcrux – we don't really know yet how to destroy them – or if a Death Eater will eventually get his hands on me. My consciousness makes it look so simple. I have to die so that Harry can defeat Voldemort and in my nightmare it is him that fires the spell to kill me. He would not hurt me but knowing he could be the reason I have to die, makes me so angry at him. I haven't been able to look him in the eye since we've returned from Hogwarts. How do you look at someone who you know will be the end of you? It might also all not be true. The woman in the pensieve's memory is someone I've never met before so there's no proof whatsoever that she's a reliable source. She might not even be a real Seer, she could just have been making all that stuff up. Of course there is the fact that Dumbledore himself confirmed my suspicions about what that prophecy meant. Though it wasn't really Dumbledore, just a painting. What does paint know about my destiny? But if the whole thing is some elaborate hoax – which I desperately hope it to be – why would Dumbledore, the real one when he was still alive, steer me in the direction of that memory, claiming that it contained the answer to what my role in this tale would be. Somehow this wasn't really what I had in mind. Yes, I wanted to save Harry, and I may at some point have claimed to do it at any cost, but maybe this is a price that even I'm not willing to pay. I wish there's someone who could explain the entire thing to me, reassure me that 'in exchange for life' doesn't mean I have to die. That perhaps it simply means that my life will just be have to put on hold while we try to defeat the darkest wizard alive. I was planning on having to do that anyway so that doesn't change much. But if it means what I'm afraid it means… Every time I convince myself that the woman's wrong, Dumbledore's wrong, I'm wrong and this isn't exactly what it sounds like, I remember the expression on the late Headmaster's face when we discussed the vial the first time. While his painted image wore a very close resemblance to the look during the last day at Hogwarts, the fact that the very alive, very knowledgeable Albus Dumbledore had, in hindsight, looked like he was asking an impossibly painful thing from me leaves very little doubt in my mind that no matter how much I pretend it isn't so, my life really does have to end. And that scares me. Wouldn't that scare anyone? As much as I've always claimed to be willing to sacrifice my life for my brother, it's another thing entirely knowing for a certainty that's what you have to do. And I'm not sure I can do it. Most nights I can't fall asleep after the nightmare but lately, more often than not, I do somehow wake up a couple hours later. I'm sure it should be blamed on the worryingly small amount of sleep I've been having these past few weeks but I'm just glad to slip into a dreamless sleep once in a while. At least today there's something to look forward to for a change – all we've done since leaving Hogwarts is staying inside the house while our parents are off doing their duties for the Order of the Phoenix now that they too have lost their leader and I've been trying to keep my distance from my brother in the close proximity we are limited to now – because today is uncle Remus' wedding day. After Tonks pretty much screamed out her undying love for him at the Hospital Wing, everything just switched into high gear. He put his issues about his age, his wealth, his lycanthropy behind him and even though it required a lot of pressuring from both Tonks and my mother, he asked her to marry him. That was last week and they've somehow managed to throw together a small wedding in such a short period of time. It will just be the bride and groom of course, and their families. Uncle Remus' parents passed away many years ago but my parents, Harry and I are just as much family so that makes it a wedding party of six guests. It will be very small and intimate, a stark contrast to the Weasley-Delacour wedding we'll be attending a week later. I'm happy for Remus, I really am but happiness has been a bit of a foreign concept to me these days. I can't actually feel happy, knowing that this happiness, and everything else I can feel, is limited by how much time I have left. I feel like I have a terminal disease and am just counting the days I have left instead of making them count. Knowing I won't fall back asleep after the nightmare, especially since I already had three hours of sleep yesterday, I get up and tiptoe downstairs. I don't know what to do with all this free time on my hands lately. I've read every book I've ever wanted to read this summer but even that can only distract me from what always occupies my mind so long. About ten days into the holidays, after having cried and screamed and begged not to die – all quietly in my own head – I thought that I should have a bucket list. That's what people do when they realise life eventually comes to an end and don't want to be left with regrets. So that's what I did, in an uncharacteristic acceptance of defeat. I grabbed quill and ink