This is my sixth story. Maybe it's the last installment of my Lucky and Payment universe but who knows. I DO NOT OWN THE HUNGER GAMES! (F.Y.I) I hope you all enjoy the story! The Complete Family The first holiday with Laurel "Peeta, can you change Laurel? I'm still pumping," Katniss calls out. It has been tough since we took Laurel back home. She's a month old and keeps me up all night, but I couldn't be happier. Katniss likes to pump so that I can feed Laurel sometimes when she's really tired. She spends all day with Laurel and takes her out as much as possible, but she needs her rest too. I can't always come home from the Bakery every day to help her, so this arrangement helps her relax too. "Sure thing," I call out and get to Laurel's nursery. She's awake and is lying in her crib whimpering a little bit because she. "Ohh, hello my precious little girl." I grab her gently, making sure to hold her head and body. "You need to be changed before we go to Grandpa and Grandma's house." I change my beautiful daughter into a cute little dress for Thanksgiving and put her in the little carrier that doubles as her car seat. I get the bag ready, filled with extra clothes, diapers, wipes, blankets, and bottles just in case. "We're ready!" "I'm coming," Katniss calls out. She still needs to wear some loose clothing because she still holds a little bit of her baby weight. She looks to be about four months pregnant, but the doctor says that she'll lose it soon. She comes down the stairs with a beautiful wrap around dress with leggings under and flats. "How do I look?" She comes to me and I can't keep my eyes off her. "Maybe we should just stay home?" I suggest playfully but she slaps me in the arm. "No, we are going to your parents for Thanksgiving," she says and kisses my cheek. "Let's put the little bug in the car and get the show on the road." We go outside and strap laurel in. "Are you sure she's in correctly?" "I am positive Katniss," I reassure her. "She is secure in her little seat." She gets into the front seat and I follow her to drive to my parents' house. "I look fat," Katniss says. She was hoping that the weight would go down sooner, but she still looks four months pregnant. "Katniss, you just had a baby," I tell her. "I think you look fine." She rolls her eyes, and we find ourselves at my parents' house soon after. I take Laurel in the carrier and walk to the house. Katniss rings the doorbell and I can hear my father coming. He opens the door with a huge smile on my face. "Look it's my youngest son and his beautiful wife and child." "Hi Dad," I say and try to give him a hug with Laurel in my hand. He hugs Katniss and I put Laurel on the table before taking her out of the seat. "Sorry, she's sleeping right now." I gingerly place my daughter in my father's arms. "Look at that beautiful girl," Dad says. "Looks just like her Mama, but she does have her Daddy's lips." "Don't forget her eyes," Katniss responds as she helps out the other ladies in the kitchen. I sit with my Dad and brothers on the couch. Wheat's son, Aaron, is sitting on the floor playing with his toys with his younger cousin Nick. Laurel is the newest addition of grandchildren in the family, but not the last. Ally is expecting her second child next spring, so we're all waiting for the new one. "Of course Peeta gets a girl," Rye says to me and slaps my shoulder. "I'm stuck with this crazy boy, but Peeta has a calm and quiet girl." My dad passes Laurel to Rye who plays with her little finger that is sticking out. Ever since she was born, Laurel would move around in her sleep. Somehow her little feet would stick out or her hands would be outside of the blanket. "Let me see my niece," Wheat says and Rye places her into his welcoming arms. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but you did good Peet." I roll my eyes at my brother's comment. "Come on, you guys," I say. "I'm not a complete loser." Ever since I was little, I was always the loser child. I was chubbier, shorter, and less athletic than my brothers, until I started college. I started to care about the way I looked and took my health in consideration. I traded the cupcake for an apple, and got right on track. "Leave your brother alone," Dad says. "His baby girl is just divine. You should be happy that your brother finally joined the Daddy club." Soon after my dad scolds my brothers, we are called for dinner. "Katniss, do you want to feed Laurel, or do you want to wait until after?" I ask her. "Is she asleep still?" she asks. I nod my head yes. "Well, I guess I'll feed her when she wakes up, it won't be long." We sit at the dinner table, for dinner. "Happy Thanksgiving," my mother says happily. She always goes all out for these occasions, especially since she's from southern blood. She always had food on the table ready to be eaten. "This looks amazing," Katniss says. "I think I should take lessons from you." "Why thank you sweet pea," Mom responds. Their relationship has become much stronger since we've had Laurel. She's really let Katniss join the family. We eat the delicious dinner with the normal Mellark banter, when Laurel starts to cry. "I guess it's time for me to feed her," Katniss says. "I'll be back soon." Katniss goes away to feed Laurel, and I follow her soon after. She's sitting on the couch feeding my daughter with a blanket draped over her shoulder. I can hear her hum a small song to Laurel to get her to calm down. "Hello," I say to Katniss. "What are you doing here? You should be sitting with your family," she says to me. "It wouldn't be family without you two in there," I tell her and she smiles. "Well, we'll be there in a few," Katniss says. "I don't want them to worry." I take this as a sign to leave, and I do. Not so long after, Katniss comes back in with Laurel wide awake. "We're back," she says and burps our daughter. She lets out a small little burp and I kiss my baby's forehead. "Come to Daddy," I say holding my hands out to take my daughter from her mother. Katniss places Laurel in my arm. "Look who's awake sleepyhead." I kiss her forehead and her little stomach pretending to eat it. "Oh let me see that beautiful granddaughter of mine," my mom says. "Pass me the little sweet pea." I get up and place my daughter in her arms. "Oh she's just so darling Peeta. Katniss you create such beautiful babies." "Thank you," Katniss says. "Barley, could you get the blanket?" she asks. My father gets up and grabs a small pink blanket. It looks like something that my mom knitted, but she hasn't made anything since I was little. "I thought it was time to grab my needles out again. She shows the little blanket she made to Katniss. It's pink and small, with Laurel written in purple. "Oh that is too kind of you Mallorie," Katniss says while holding the blanket. "You didn't have to do that." "Oh, but I wanted to," Mom replies. "This is the first girl Mellark in 4 generations. Little Laurel is special." Katniss wraps the blanket around Laurel and my mom holds her with so much pride. Dinner ends soon after, it's getting late and Katniss needs to put Laurel to sleep. They are all reluctant to see us leave, but we insist that little Laurel needs to get home. "I'll see you soon Mom," I say to her and give her a hug. "You better," she says and places a huge kiss on my cheek. "I need to see my beautiful granddaughter. By sweetheart." Laurel lies awake in her carrier, but we know that she'll be asleep soon. "Bye Dad," I tell my father and he gives me a big huge hug. "Don't be a stranger son," he says. Katniss says goodbye to my parents too, and insists that she'll host the next thanksgiving. An unexpected meeting "Can you help me put this on?" I ask Katniss. I've always had trouble putting on the baby carrier. It lets me hold Laurel on my chest, so that she can stay close to both Katniss and I. We have a stroller, but it's more reassuring to have her close to me. "Sure Daddy," Katniss says. She puts the freshly bathed Laurel in the little pouch and straps it around my back. Even though we are just going to go grocery shopping, Katniss still looks beautiful in her old UCSD sweatshirt and her yoga pants. We enjoy walking to the stores, especially the ones nearby. We walk hand in hand to the organic foods store. Katniss grabs a cart and we walk with Laurel around the store to get the stuff we need. "Okay we need whole milk, sweet potatoes, sweet peas, squash, bananas, apple sauce and carrots for Laurel and we also need some cheese and pasta for us," Katniss says. She takes Laurel out of the carrier. She likes to show Laurel what she's eating, hoping that she will understand it. "Hello Miss Laurel." My daughter laughs at her mother talking to her. We start to go around the store to get the foods we need, when I am met with an old friend. "Peeta Mellark is that you?" I hear my ex-girlfriend Glimmer say. Her high pitched voice is recognizable from anywhere. I turn to see her and she looks a lot more different than what I remember. Her hair is a lighter blonde now, and I can tell that she got some work done on her face. She walks over to Katniss and I. "Hi Glimmer," I say. "It's always a pleasure to see you. This is my wife Katniss and our daughter, Laurel." I grab Laurel from Katniss' arms and hold her on my right arm. "Oh you have a beautiful daughter," Glimmer says and she's right. Laurel is the most beautiful girl in the world, with her blue eyes and soft fuzzy brown hair. "And you must be his wife." "Hi nice to meet you," Katniss says. I can tell that she doesn't like Glimmer at all. Katniss makes a face when she meets someone that she doesn't like. "I never knew that Peeta Mellark settled down," Glimmer says. "I always thought that it would be you and me." I can sense the jealousy radiating from Katniss and I instinctively put my arm around her. "Well I did and I'm so happy," I tell her trying to reassure Katniss. "Where did you two meet?" Glimmer asks. "Actually we met at the bakery," I tell her. "Katniss came in and I asked her out after a few times and now we have a family." I rub Laurel's head with my free hand. "That's just lovely," Glimmer says. "I just moved here for a job. I now work at a small studio." She flips her blonde hair and gives Katniss one of her famous duck lip faces. "What is your profession?" Katniss asks. I can tell that there will be a "your horse is bigger than my horse" competitions. "I'm a designer," Glimmer answers. "I make clothes for some high end people. I'm not really out there yet, but, I hope to be. What do you do?" "I'm a botanist," Katniss responds. "I am trying