Wow my fifth story! It is yet again a one shot kind of like a prequel to my other story Lucky, which I hope you all have read. I hope you guys enjoy. I DO NOT OWN THE HUNGER GAMES! (Just and F.Y.I.) Oh, and feel free to leave reviews or comments or whatever. Payment It's like a normal day in San Diego. I put on my white Mellark's t-shirt and some jeans for the day of baking ahead. I open up the blinds of the bakery windows, and turn the sign from closed to open. Mellark's has been open ever since my great grandfather, Nickel Mellark opened up the business in the early 20th century. It's been passed on ever since, and I am the newest line in the Mellark bakery history. I inherited the bakery right after I graduated from USC in business. At 25, I was one of the youngest business owners in our area. My father still works there with us, but he's officially given the business to me. "Ready to work son?" my dad asks me. "Yup," I say. "I'm going to finish the cake. Do you want to do put the dough in the oven?" I walk in the back and work on the decorating. "Sure," my dad says. We always leave our reads to rise over night, it makes the day so much easier. I have been given the great task of designing a cake for a wedding. The people want it covered in flowers and colors that are super vibrant for the perfect summer wedding. I already got the base icing on it and I just need to add the sugar flowers. The couple will be picking it up tomorrow, so I have enough time to complete the cake. Decorating is my favorite part of working at the bakery. It's relaxing and I like to find beauty in the smallest detail. Like how daffodils have a slightly more orange center than its petals. The morning rush is super fast at the bakery. Today it's only Dad and I since my nephew is sick and his wife is working at her firm and couldn't take today off. "Peeta can you come help?" Dad calls. "Yeah Dad," I say and walk out to the front to help. "Okay so let's see…" the rush starts from opening time to about ten thirty. When the last of the rush comes, I start to make my way to the back, when the door opens again. I turn my head around and see the most beautiful person in the world walking towards the counter. She has long hair tucked away in a braid that ends at her waist. Her eyes are a steely gray color hidden behind some thick eyelashes. She's petite and thin, but muscular. I feel my heart beat erratically and my hands are starting to sweat. "She's all yours son," my dad says and he goes to the back to bake some more rolls, leaving me alone with the most beautiful girl in the bakery. "H-hi," I stutter and clear my throat. "Welcome to Mellarks." Her eyes catch mine in a stormy gaze. She looks younger than I am, but very mature for her age. "Hi," she says. "Can I have a dozen cheese buns?" Her hair whips around her as turns her head. "Sure," I say and grab a box of cheese buns. "How much?" she asks and takes out her purse. "Nothing, it's on the house," I say. She gives me a scowl. "No really, how much?" she says more sternly. "Seriously it's fine," I tell her. "It's already slowing down here. You might as well enjoy those." I tape the box shut and place the bag in her hands. "Consider this a gift." "Thanks," she says and gives me a small, but noticeable smile. She leaves the store and I let out a breath that I've been holding in. I walk into the back to finish the cake, and my dad watches me with a smirk on his face. "What?" I ask. He just laughs and goes back to kneading the dough. "Nothing son," he says. "I haven't seen you so nervous like that since you took you MBA's." I roll my eyes and finish the cake for the customers. This girl comes in every day for the next two weeks. I always get sweaty and nervous around her, and I can tell she doesn't like getting the cheese buns for free. The rush comes and goes, and as I finish helping someone with the Rye bread they bought, the same girl comes back in. "Hi," I say and wipe my hands on a towel. "Hello," she says. "I'm back for more cheese buns; my roommates finished them just as I brought them home." "So do you want another dozen?" I ask and grab the box. "Yes please," she says. I decide to take this time to get to know her. "So what school are you going to?" I ask. She eyes me before answering. "UCSD," she says. I bring the box up to the register. "That's cool," I say. Really that's all I have to say. "What are you studying?" "Botanical science," she says. "You know flowers and plants." She doesn't look like a flower and plant person. "That's an interesting field," I tell her and give her the bag. "Okay how much?" she asks me. I give her one of the Mellark smiles. "Nothing," I tell her again, and she seems to be really confused. "No really, I want to pay you," she says. "It's only fair, I have been coming in for the past two weeks and I haven't paid you. Please let me pay you." I think about it for a second before answering. "Okay here's the deal," I tell her and she eyes me wearily again. She's so beautiful when she does this. "You take the cheese buns, and as payment, you go on a date with me Saturday." She looks at me with wide eyes. "No way," she says. "I'd rather pay." Well that hurt a little. "You said you wanted to pay, and I'm not taking any money from you," I tell her and she laughs. It's sweet like honey on a sticky bun. "I don't even know your name," she says while smiling. "How am I supposed to go on a date with you?" I jump the counter and stand right in front of her. "I'm Peeta Mellark," I say and hold my hand out for her to shake. "I am the owner of this lovely establishment." "You are so full of it," she says and grabs the cheese buns and starts to walk towards the door. "So I'm taking that as a yes," I call out and follow her and stop her before she leaves the bakery. "You can come here at 7:30 and I'll take you somewhere." "I don't know Peeta," she says thinking about it for a second, glaring at me with her silvery eyes. "Okay then. I'll be here at 7:30." She pushes me aside from the doorway and starts to walk away, when I realize that I don't know her name. I run out the door to catch up with her. "Hey!" I call out and she turns around. "What should I call you in the mean time?" She walks towards me and comes incredibly close to my face. I look down at her as she looks up at me with her piercing gray eyes. "Katniss," she says and walks away leaving me outside on the sidewalk. I hold my breath and walk back inside where my dad and my brothers are waiting for me. "Did you get lucky little Bro?" Wheat asks. I turn my head to my brothers and my dad who are waiting for me to respond. "I guess you can say that," I tell them and they all start cheering me on. "Finally little bro can get laid," Rye says and my dad smacks him on the back of his head. "What'd I do?" I laugh at my nosy family and walk to the back to put the final touches on the cake. Saturday comes faster than I could imagine. I get ready for the date, but it's not really a date. I don't want to take her to a fancy dinner or anything, but I want to take her to the botanical gardens. I know that she's probably already been there, but it would be fun to walk around and listen to her there. I put on a t-shirt and some jeans, and I get ready for her to come. I stand in the back of the bakery getting some things together when she arrives. She looks beautiful even when she's not trying. She's wearing some red shorts and a white shirt with a knit cardigan around her shoulders. Her hair is in a braid and she's holding her keys in her hand. "Hi Katniss," I say. "You look great." "You don't look too bad yourself," she says to me. "So where are we going?" I take her hand and lead her outside. "You'll see," I tell her. The botanical garden isn't too far away from where Mellark's is, so I decide that we should walk there. "We're going on a picnic." "I love picnics," she says and I mentally score in my brain. "I love being outdoors." "That's good to know," I tell her. We walk to the botanical garden and she stops before going in. "What?" "You took a botanist to the botanical garden?" she asks. "Really?" "You're not a botanist yet," I tell her. "Just come on." She follows me inside and we sit near the gardenias. "What made you want to take me out?" she asks. I set up the picnic and put the stuff out on the blanket. "I don't know," I say truthfully. "You intrigued me and I wanted you. And when I see something I want, I have to get it or else I will be so angry." She seemed pleased with the answer and she joins me on the ground. "What if I have a boyfriend?" she asks. This girl is as stubborn as a rusty nail in the wall. "Do you have a boyfriend?" I ask her waggling my eyebrows. She smirks. "No," she says while looking away and i use this fact against her. "Haha I win," I tell her and she rolls her eyes. "What made you say yes?" "I figured what the hell? And I thought it was better here than in my condo studying," she answers. "I still have to finish grad school, and right now I'm getting really close to finishing in a few years. I got into this program back where I'm from and I transferred to UCSD as a junior when I was 18." I stare at her for a second with wide eyes. "You must be really smart," I tell her. "Where are you from?" "Why do you want to know?" she challenges. She is so stubborn and sassy. Why do I even like her? "Because I want to get to know you," I say. "Here I'll start. I was born and raised in San Diego, but my mom is from the south, so I do have some southern blood in me. See not so hard." "Fine," she says. "I'm from a small town right outside of Portland. My mother is from Salem and my dad was from a small Indian Reserve in North Dakota. There you happy?" I smile. "Yes, very much so," I tell her. "So what do you do besides work at the bakery?" she asks. I hand her a cheese bun and she eats it hungrily. "That's what I do," I tell her. She looks at me with shock. "Seriously?" Katniss says. "You make bread for a living." I laugh at her sudden change of disposition. "No," I tell her. "I also make