I wrote this ages ago and thought I'd lost it when my laptop died! Prettyflour kindly preread for me but it's been that long I doubt she remembers much at all! I have tinkered and changed it since, so all mistakes are mine! I own nothing! Chapter 1 BPOV 1941 Europe was at war. Brave men were fighting to uphold everything they believed in, and each day countless children lost their fathers, wives lost their husbands, mothers lost their sons, and lives were torn apart. Even though America was yet to join the fight, many people—including my grandfather—insisted it was only a matter of time before we did. Already, some of our service men were volunteering to travel to Europe and offer what help they could. Already, some of our men were losing their lives and if only we understood the scale of what was to come. Soon, the world would be at war, and I, Isabella Dwyer, was accompanying my mother and father to a country club on a Saturday night to socialise with ignorant imbeciles who refused to even discuss what was really happening. Boys would be lining up at my table to ask my father if they could have a dance, while thousands and thousands of miles away, blood was being spilled, yet no one here seemed to give that a second thought. Renee and Philip Dwyer were the power-couple at Lakeside Country Club in Winnetka, Cook County, about fifteen miles from down town Chicago. Phil owned an assortment of highly successful establishments such as this throughout the Midwest. We lived in the largest house, owned the most expensive car, and I was dressed in only the best clothes available. Renee took great pride in showing me off to all her so-called friends in this damn place. She wanted everyone to believe we were the picture-perfect family, and why wouldn't they? Renee was the wonderful doting wife, with a handsome hard-working husband and innocent, passive daughter. But if only they knew the truth. Phil was in fact just my step-father. My biological father, Charles Swan, had died just months after he and my mother had married. He was one of five men who had attempted to hold up a bank and had been shot by police whilst trying to escape. His death left my mother alone and pregnant, but, as she always did, Renee landed on her feet. She was still in the early stages of her pregnancy with me when she and Phil met. Her charm and still attractive form wooed Phil in an instant and they were married just four and a half weeks later. He knew the full story, but took me on as his own child without hesitation. No one else was privy to the scandalous backstory to my mother's life and still to this day it was assumed I was Phil's biological daughter and the shot-gun wedding was to avoid embarrassment for having a child out of wedlock. Not that I could complain. Phil and my mother were both attentive and affectionate parents. For seventeen years I wanted for nothing, and my lifestyle made me the envy of many. The reality for me was different. Although my parents treated me as a princess, I was bored, suffocated, and desperately curious to branch out from this bubble I was kept in. I wanted to see the world, meet real people, and live a little. I didn't want to be the agreeable girl in the corner any more. With a petulant huff, I tugged at the tight-fitting blue dress I had squeezed into this evening. The pins in my hair were hurting and I wanted to yank them out and let it fall down naturally, but mother thought this look made me more sophisticated…more elegant. The smoke-filled air in the club made my eyes sting, and the jovial laughter from around the room bored me silly. I sat drumming my fingers absently on the table, wishing desperately for something…or someone interesting to arrive. My mother's hand smothered mine on the table and she stilled my fingers. "Isabella, please mind your behaviour," she scalded softly, and I rolled my eyes. "Yes, Mother." I looked around and saw the same faces, at the same tables, telling the same stories and the same jokes. The same single men hovered by the bar, scouring the room for their next unsuspecting target, which I pointedly hoped would not be me. Pathetic. Trying to drown out the incessant chatter I closed my eyes and focused on the music that filled the room. There was a new three-piece band and female singer in the lounge tonight. I danced away inside my own head to the soothing tones of the saxophone that was currently enjoying a solo performance before the final chorus. The rhythmic drumming in the background did in no way overwhelm the tune that was playing…upbeat yet relaxing…like nothing I'd ever heard. Then the piano took over the solo, and the music that emanated from whoever was playing sent shivers down my spine. I still had my eyes closed, but I could picture the pianist's fingers dancing away magically along the ebony and ivory keys. Not a single note missed, not a single timing issue. Beautiful. Curious as to who was playing in such a captivating manner, I opened my eyes and looked over to the stage. The first thing I noticed was the beauty of all three members of the band. The girl was petite and extraordinarily pale. Her dark hair had been softly curled and sculpted around her face, and she wore a flattering, floor-length gown which shimmered under the spotlights on the stage. The man on the saxophone was tall, with golden-blond hair which had been pulled back into a ponytail, something which would, no doubt, be frowned upon by the snobbish members of the club. He too, was pale, but strikingly handsome. I meant to look toward the drummer, but the second my eyes fell to the man playing piano, I was unable to tear them away. He had a head full of the most bizarre colour hair I had ever seen. In the light it cast glimmers of bronze, red, and gold, and it had been slicked back to his head with just a few rogue strands that had escaped and stuck out wildly. My gaze dropped to his face and I gasped. Beautiful. The man…no, this was no man…the boy had a wonderfully defined jaw line, high cheekbones, and a pair of dazzling gold eyes which were currently burning right into my own. Still remarkably pale, he was the most handsome man I had ever seen in my short life. Not once while he played did he drop his gaze yet amazingly he never missed a single note. I thought I could see a look of frustration on his face as he continued to stare at me. We maintained eye-contact for the remainder of the song, before my mother just had to interrupt. "Isabella, why don't you go and dance with Mr. Newton's son. Michael has always had a soft spot for you." My mother waved over at the table across the dance-floor and beckoned the boy over. "He's very handsome don't you think?" Did it matter? As obedient as a dog, Mike was up on his feet and at my side in an instant. He asked Phil if he could have the dance with me and then held out his hand expectantly, like I had no say in the matter. I was going to refuse and feign a headache or something else equally mundane, but I realised that in dancing with Mike, I could get closer to the mysterious boy playing the piano and I was much more interested in him than I should be. "Thank you, Mike, I would be delighted to." I put on my most polite face and fought back the gag as I took his sweaty hand and let him lead me to join the other mind-numbingly, dull dancers. Attempting to no doubt impress me with his foxtrot or waltz, Mike tried to twirl and quick-step around the floor, but I held fast. I deftly manoeuvred us into a position which allowed me to stare at the beautiful boy without interruption. I could hear Mike making conversation as we swayed on the spot—but I paid little attention. Once again I was locked in an intense moment with the boy on stage. He had the same look of intensity on his face, yet also evident was an expression of utter bewilderment. "Um, Isabella, the song's finished..." Mike stopped moving in front of me and looked at me hopefully. "Would you like to dance to the next?" Unable to resist another glance over his shoulder, I was shocked to see the boy now glaring at Mike. His eyes looked almost murderous and I could have sworn I could see his top lip curling slightly, almost as if he were snarling like a vicious dog. "No thank you," I replied and turned to rejoin my parents, feeling those golden eyes burning into my back as I walked away. A thrill of excitement ran down my spine and my heart actually skipped a beat. The band left the stage for a short interval, and earned an enthusiastic round of applause as they did. Judging by the reaction, it was clear I wasn't the only one who appreciated their performance. As a child, I had played in the back rooms at the club on more occasions than I could count—my mother and I would often visit Phil here while he was working, so I knew exactly where the band would be waiting before they re-appeared on stage. "Excuse me," I said sweetly and inwardly scoffed as the men rose from their seats as I stood. "I just need to visit the rest-room." My mother barely paused for breath; she was too deep in conversation with Mrs. Stanley to notice my absence. Mrs. Stanley was another high-flying club member who obsessed over money, clothes, and socialising. My mother and she were like washer women—they liked nothing more than to gossip about everyone and everything that was going on in the neighbourhood. I headed toward the bathrooms and then when the coast was clear, I slipped through the door which led to the offices and dressing rooms. There were few people back here, and anyone who saw me, thought nothing of my presence. I knew exactly where the main dressing room was and made a point of walking straight past with just a quick glance inside. The door was left ajar and I immediately saw the beautiful boy pacing as if something had agitated him. He didn't look approachable in that state, so I continued down the corridor without stopping. Before I had even made four steps, I heard the door close and footsteps sound behind me. I whirled around and gasped as the beautiful boy stood right in front of me. His eyes conflicted with emotions I couldn't read. My heart began to race, and my hands trembled. But it wasn't fear—this was something else. Something I had never felt before. Want? Lust? Attraction? I swallowed thickly and waited for him to speak. But he never said a word. After what seemed like hours, a shrill voice travelled down the corridor, "Edward, we need to get back." I looked over Edward's shoulder and the petite girl from the group smiled at me. She seemed friendly enough, yet this boy in front of me looked something quite different. "I'll be right there," Edward replied, his voice as smooth as silk and dripping with seduction. "It was very nice to...not quite meet you, Isabella." He turned to leave but instinctively I reached out and snatched his arm. The jolt of electricity that passed through us made me recoil and I gasped again. Edward clearly felt it too, because he spun back around and looked at me in