AN: Just a quick note: this story is a friendly version of a more violent story that is posted on AO3. I have toned down this story to meet this site's ToS, but if you would prefer the original work or if I stray too far from the ToS and this story is removed from here, please see my profile for a link to my author's page on AO3 where you can find this tale unedited. Thanks. Fulton, thought Aragorn as he fingered idly the stitches on his long leather overcoat, is by far the most unpleasant place I could spend this night. Despite his misgivings, with a sigh and a minute tap of his foot upon the hindquarters of his horse, the Ranger began the ride down the incline that lead to Fulton. Sitting in the basin between several small mountains, the isolated town was accessible by winding roads often fraught with vagabonds, thus Aragorn had taken the direct route down the mountainside to avoid such trouble. After traveling without respite for several weeks, anywhere was better than the floor of the forest for sleeping tonight – even a place like Fulton. His travels had taken him further south than he had traveled before. Although a Ranger, one of the Dúnedain, and unbeknownst to most, the rightful heir to the throne of Gondor, Aragorn was young in years. Experience, however, belied this lack of time spent in Middle Earth. His countenance was drawn and long with a few small scars and the thick bristle of beard decorating his face. The underlying hint of nobility that he exuded commanded respect regardless of the youth and handsomeness of his countenance, and once they had spoken to him, even those that distrusted his ragged appearance did not mistake him for the vagrant that he appeared. I will only spend the night. Besides, it will be good to see human faces again, although what I would truly prefer to see, he told himself dryly, are Elvish faces. Having grown up among the Noldor of Imladris, he often felt more at home in the company of Elven kind, rather than human. Of course, a few faces may not be so happy to see me. If Elladan and Elrohir ever get their hands on me... He didn't bother to finish that thought, for he knew full well that his brothers by adoption would throttle him happily. As his mind turned to the memory of their response to his parting prank, he laughed aloud, drawing more than one openly suspicious glance his way from the bystanders on the main road through Fulton. I hate to think of what revenge my brothers have concocted for my return! A few moments later, Aragorn stopped in front of what he knew to be the best inn in town, an opinion that didn't mean much, given his choices. The wooden building was run down, to say the least, and dilapidated to be truthful. The foundation seemed to shake with the moving, raucous crowd within the place. Jumping down from his horse, Estel walked the loyal beast to the neighboring stable and handed the reins and a coin to the groom in attendance. Normally he might second-guess leaving his horse to a stable in a town like this, but Aragorn's horse would not let himself be easily stolen; so, with a fond pat upon the beast's nose, Estel instructed the groom to feed him well and left without worry. He hefted his pack onto his shoulder and braced himself mentally in preparation for the noise and smell before stepping into the inn's foyer, which was also the busiest bar in town, from the looks of it. More suspicious glares followed his progress from the door to the innkeeper's counter, though Aragorn paid them no mind. If any were hostile, he could well handle himself. Still, he wished silently, Please, Valar, no trouble this night. I only want to sleep. The innkeeper, a thin, short man with what Aragorn decided had to be the ruddiest nose this side of the Misty Mountains, ceased his bickering with a bar wench to greet the Ranger with a smile that didn't make it to his calculating eyes. "My name is Jimson, and this is my inn. What can I help you with, stranger?" "I need supplies…" Aragorn listed the items he would need for his return trip to Imladris and watched while the man's eyes grew large at the prospect of the coins earned from such a tall order. The Ranger had lost much traveling to Rohan, and even more while on his way back after running into an unpleasant band of Orcs who had taken him by surprise, and thus had forced him into leaving many of his supplies at his overrun campsite. "It will take some time to gather these items, good stranger. Will you be staying the night? We've plenty of room. What about dinner?" The innkeeper's eyes now gleamed as if Aragorn were a pile of mithril waiting to be plundered. "Yes, both room and dinner, please, and a mug of ale, as well." "Good, good! Just have a seat and Marie here will bring it right over." Aragorn chose a table away from the most boisterous part of the crowd with his back to the wall and his hood pulled down to hide his features. This town hasn't changed much, he pondered as he awaited his ale. The last time the Ranger had come this way, the town was much as it was now; that is, filled with ne'er-do-wells and thieves whose bad luck had left them penniless and stranded in the crumbling remnants of what used to be, from what he could tell of what was left of it, a quaint town. Any moral people who had once resided here had been driven out, leaving only the destitute and desperate; a mixture that oft incited violence and rashness in the stupid ones, and cunning from those with the intelligence to try their thieving hands at plotting. The curiosity his appearance had provoked went unchecked. Few strangers ventured into Fulton and even fewer ever made it out. Soon after the bar maid set down his mug, the other patrons appeared to lose interest in him when a small fight broke out at a table across the way. As chairs were smashed and a table upturned, the innkeeper leapt over the counter with sword in hand and a grace unbefitting a man of his stature or age, and dispelled the two drunken fighters. When some semblance of peace was restored, the Ranger was all but forgotten. Just a few more weeks and I'll be back home. Back to Ada, back to Elrohir and Elladan, back to my bed. Just a few more weeks and then I will not leave my bed for a month. Ever watchful, he sipped his ale slowly while casting his gaze around the room. His tired mind wandered back to the prank he had pulled on his brothers. They would never forgive or forget this one – not that they usually did. No, they always find their revenge. If only I could have seen their faces when they discovered it, instead of just hearing their screams of outrage. Aragorn grinned to himself. He also hadn't been there for the aftermath. The twins were notorious in Imladris for pulling relatively good-natured pranks on everyone else when Aragorn wasn't around to withstand the worst of their weird humor. Had they not been the sons of one of the most respected and powerful Elven Lords in Middle Earth, the twins would have been strangled long ago by one of the servants, tutors, or many citizens of Imladris. Luckily, though, he told himself, I am here in Fulton, where it is safe. The Ranger had to stifle weary and cynical laughter at his own facetiousness. Fulton? Safe? I must be losing my senses. I've spent too much time by myself. The loud voice of an egregiously drunken farmer broke Aragorn's reverie. "It's no lie! I've heard about it from my old man, and he never was one to tell a lie! Are you calling my old man a liar?" The drunk's voice increased with his outrage at whoever had doubted his father's veracity. "It's true, I tell ya. If we had it, we could wipe them Elves clean out of these lands, fight 'em fair. Ain't no fair fighting someone who can't die as easy as us, I say. If we had it, we could kill the whole lot of 'em. And I know where it is, and it could make me a rich man one day. Lotsa people would pay for a chance to drink from it." At the mention of the Elves, Aragorn clenched his jaw, his frustration at the ignorance of humans concerning the Eldar making the Ranger's mood darken. Hatred for the Firstborn among the race of men ran rampant, though not for any particular wrong committed against men as a whole, but more from lack of understanding of the reclusive race. The old drunk fell down in his chair and people turned back to their conversations or ale, ignoring the man's continued, although much less vociferous plea that he was indeed telling the truth. The Ranger watched as a lanky man from a table near where the drunk had been sitting sidled up to the farmer, catching the man by his soil-stained tunic, and with a feral grin, told the drunk, "I believe you, old timer. Why don't you come sit over here? My brother and me, we'd like to hear this tale you've been spinning." The farmer stood with a grunt. "At least some around these parts can respect the knowledge of their elders." An onlooker at the farmer's table claimed, "Elder don't mean better, you old fool." Before the drunken orator could respond, the lanky stranger had pulled him away from the table and coincidentally much closer to where Aragorn was seated. He could now see that the stranger had shockingly red hair that bushed out from under his cloak's hood in a torrent of flaming spirals. Had the man not also looked like a mercenary, Aragorn might have thought the hair a bit comical, but the stranger's demeanor showed that his business was shady, and his hair was comical only to those who hadn't yet learned to fear the cut of his blade. The red haired stranger and farmer sat down next to a burly, mountainous man. This is his brother? They look nothing alike! Aragorn knew that this didn't mean much, especially considering he didn't look anything like his own, albeit adopted brothers. "My name's Ament and this is my brother, Ramlin," offered the lanky fellow to the farmer. The farmer, on the other hand, was looking around him as if he had misplaced something. "What is it, old timer? What're you looking for?" Ament was a little miffed, it seemed, to be ignored. "Where's me drink? I've lost it," the older man said, throwing his hands up in the air and then slapping them against his thighs in disturbance. Ament sneered at the farmer, who did not notice, and then ordered of his brother, "Ramlin, go get the nice fellow here another ale." Ramlin looked less than pleased at being bossed around but complied to his brother's orders all the same. When he stood, Aragorn could tell that the man would be formidable in a fight. His hair was a much darker shade of Ament's, hung in greasy strands about his face, and might have been curly, had it been washed. Why do I get the feeling I would have been better off in the forest? he thought, feeling a niggling sense of doom at ever having seen these two strangers' faces. "Now, come, tell me, you say you know where to find the witch's goblet. Where is it?" asked Ament in a loud whisper. "I've heard tell that you knew