Hey there, Em here. Just a little crazy idea that may or may not work, please review and tell me if you like or dislike it. Prologue It is over. I have won. And strangely, or maybe not so strangely, I am not as indifferent as I thought I was before. I do not grieve, or maybe I do, but it does not feel like grieving. I am simply affected. There is a part of me, a part whose size I have not yet finalized, that has stopped. It has not broken or shattered or gone as so many others have described the pain, it has only stopped. I am not certain whether it is healthier than other forms of grief, or if it can even be considered a form of grief, but it is what it is, and like so many other events that have happened over the last few weeks, I must simply deal with it to the best of my ability. I have always been a survivor. I have survived so far. I have passed the ultimate test of physical endurance. My greatest fear at present is that this may have been the easiest of the tests that lie ahead of me. "Ladies and Gentlemen may I present the Victor of the 67th Annual Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen of District Twelve!" The first new test that I am made aware of is one of mental endurance. I awaken that night, only days after escaping the arena, to tortured screams and violent images. I cannot make sense of what is happening to me. I see only memories. The bloodbath. Murder. My first kill. Horror. My second kill. Safety. Dehydration. Starvation. Hope. Determination. Injury. Infection. Pain. Worry. Healing. My third kill. Fear. Pain. Injury. Hopelessness. My fourth kill. The flooding. Panic. Desperation. Drowning. Swimming, Floating, Sinking. Blackness. Awakening. Hypothermia. Warmth. Fear. Desperation. Hope. Realisation. More hope. Two of us left. Planning. Fear. Hope. Confrontation. Knives. Spears. Arrows. A cannon. By the time the images have vanished, I feel myself becoming more aware of my surroundings. I am in a large, luxurious bed that could only be in the Capitol. I am no longer in the Hospital; I remember that I have been released for my interview tomorrow. I am curled up in the centre of the bed, my legs tucked close into my chest holding myself the way only he has ever held me. Gradually, I note that the screams have broken, leaving only broken, hoarse sobs in their wake. I am also no longer alone. Two Avox are either side of me, holding a glass of water, a box of tissues and some pills, which I can only presume are sleeping tablets. Haymitch is also here, standing in the doorway, wearing an uncharacteristic expression that I cannot quite place for a moment, until he steps forward into the light streaming in my window. There is no pity in his eyes, but there is regret, sadness, pain, sympathy and more than anything, empathy. He holds my gaze for a minute, maybe longer. There is no need for words, there is no need for either of us to explain or justify, because we have both been there. Haymitch is one of the few people, the only other living person from District Twelve, who truly understands. After my sobs have died down and I am left with silent tears, a sore throat and soaked bedding from sweat and tears, he approaches. We still do not speak, the only audible sounds are the quiet movements of the Avoxs leaving the room after delivering their loads. The huntress in me notes that Haymitch's footsteps are almost silent but not as quiet as Gale's. He sits on the edge of the bed, holding my gaze before opening his arms slowly. "Come here sweetheart." I break. I am sobbing again, this time out of grief more so than terror. I grieve for the boy from Five, my first kill. I grieve for the boy from One, my second kill. I grieve for the girl from Nine, my third kill. I grieve for the girl from Two, my fourth kill. I grieve for the boy from Four, my fifth and final kill. I grieve for my district partner, lost in the bloodbath. I grieve for all the other tributes that fell in the arena, for their families and for myself. I grieve for the girl I once was, any innocence I had left that is now gone, the little peace I had that is now lost and the parts of me that will never function like before. I grieve for Katniss Everdeen, citizen of District Twelve. She is not gone, but she is damaged and I do not know if what is left of her will be enough for me to cope. I can hear voices in the background and possibly the sound of the television and I wonder how long I have been asleep. My tears dry up, not because my pain has lessened, but because I am beginning to feel faint. I realize that Haymitch has pulled me closer to him and that he is rubbing small circles on my back. It occurs to me that this is the most parental thing that I can ever remember anyone doing for me. I am more grateful than I will ever be able to express at the thought that I might be able to count on Haymitch as a father figure, someone to advise me, care for me, comfort me, know me and be there for me. Haymitch has already done most of those things for me. I squeeze him tighter, in gratitude and for my own comfort before withdrawing and drying my eyes with multiple tissues. "It's only ten; you've only been out for about an hour. I called for more painkillers and sleeping pills, since the others didn't seem to do much good." He pauses for a minute, as if debating whether to add something more. "Some of the other Victors are here, it's tradition for a few of us. Meet up, get pissed drunk and forget the last month of hell. If- You-," He breaks off and shakes his head. "We're in the lounge." He stands, dropping a kiss on my forehead, and I am again caught up in how fatherly the gesture is. He has left before I am composed enough to speak. I lay there in bed for as long as I can before I feel my eyelids slipping closed. I cannot sleep; I will not let myself if nightmares are all that await me. I rise, pull a robe out of my closet and head towards the main living area. Seated on the couches and the floor are seven people, some I recognize, some I don't. Haymitch sits in a lone armchair, nursing a half glass of liqueur. Closest to him on the couch is a man that looks to be about the same age as Haymitch, who is holding a large bottle of alcohol the same colour as Haymitch's. I know I have seen him before, mostly drinking with Haymitch on television. The woman beside him is older and almost looks as though she could be from the Seam. She looks vaguely familiar, although maybe that is because of her familiar features. Next to her is a dark skinned man with round glasses and I instantly identify him as a Victor from District Three by the emblem on his jacket. Beside him is an elderly woman who I do not recognize at all, but she looks far too old for me to have watched her Games. On the floor across from them, Finnick Odair, the heartthrob of District Four sits, looking thoughtfully at the ground, not having touched his drink. For a moment we stare at each other, my gaze flickering between them, until Haymitch speaks. "Nice of you to join us, sweetheart. This is Chaff, Seeder, Beetee, Mags and Finnick" He indicates each one of them in turn, and they offer nods or smiles. "I'd offer you something, but I don't think Effie'd appreciate the both of us being hungover tomorrow." "You won't be hungover, you'll still be drunk." The remark comes quicker than I expected, gaining a few snorts and chuckles from the other Victors. I am left believing that maybe there is more fire left in me than I thought. "Besides, I just wanted some hot chocolate." As soon as the words leave my mouth an Avox has left to fetch them, and I sink into the couch with nothing else to do. It occurs to me that these people must have been here earlier and heard my breakdown and I feel like I should be ashamed, but I am too drained to care. The Avox is back not a minute later and a tray laid with bread and hot chocolate is placed in front of me. The conversation picks up, Chaff telling an animated story about a friend of his who took the wrong train and ended up in District One instead of District Eleven. I listen to the story, but do not contribute much to the conversation. Chaff and Haymitch are practically drunk already, while Beetee and Mags are simply sipping their glasses. Finnick has not touched his. Although the gathering is relaxed and welcoming, I feel out of place. They are all far older than me, bar Finnick who is the same age, but he is not exactly an active participant in the group. I settle on finishing my meager meal and returning to my room. I tell them all goodnight and am surprised by their friendly responses, Chaff and Haymith toast my good nights sleep, Beetee wishes me a peaceful night and Mags and Seeder rise to give me comforting hugs. Even Finnick seems to snap out of whatever trance he was in, offering a soft smile. I do not understand Mags and Finnick's acceptance of me. I killed their tribute in the finale. I stopped them from winning. It only occurs to me once I am in my room, already in bed with the sleeping pills in my hand, that falling asleep could mean losing myself again. I steel myself, refusing to submit to the fear and swallow the two small blue pills before I can change my mind. They act surprisingly fast, and I do not even have time to switch off the light before my eyelids droop closed. When I wake for the second time, I am screaming again. It is not as bad as the first nightmare, where I saw only the worst parts of my games. This time, I see only the bloodbath, repeated over and over again. I cannot count the number of times it replays, but I could guess that it was at least ten times. By the end of it, I could recite every small detail of the arena, the tributes, the supplies, the weapons and the kills. Even though I do not believe this nightmare was as bad as the first, it still brings the same whirlwind of emotions and within minutes I am sobbing once more. Once again a glass of water is left by my bed, but there are no new tablets. Once the sobbing has died down to heavy tears, I realise how tired and heavy my body feels. I have exhausted myself almost completely. I feel like I do not have the strength to sit, let alone stand out of the bed. I do not move, simply letting the tears continue until I drift off for the third time that night. Whether it is the nightmares or the lack of sleeping pills, I wake again soon after. Looking at the clock on the dresser, I see that it is barely three a.m. This time, instead of grief, exhaustion or pain, I simply do not feel anything. I rise, dressing in a soft woolen sweater and tight black pants. The