Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson or the plot of the book. I only own my OC, Erica. Nor do I own Terminator. _ First of all, if you've heard anything from Percy, well, that's his story. This is my story. If you're going to tell me, 'But Percy said this' or 'That's not what happened according to Percy,' then leave. That's right; shoo. Off with you now. Okay, now that's all sorted, I am going to assume that Percy, being the pessimist that he is, gave you his, 'being-a-Halfblood-is-super-scary-and-not-fun-at-all-so-stay-ignorant-as-long-as-possible' speech? I'm going to have to correct you, brother dear, as I don't think you are particularly correct. I don't really mind being a Halfblood, honestly. Besides going on life-threatening quests, dealing with monsters every ten minutes, having a depressing childhood, not being able to go out into the 'mortal world', having technology blow up in your face and constantly worrying whether your life is in danger or not, I would say it's okay. Pretty awesome actually, I even got my own Pegasus; Quicksilver! Definitely sounds super scary, right? But I wouldn't trade this life for any other, even if I was given a voucher that said, 'Erase your memory! Go back and re-live things as a normal person! Just call, 1800 LIVE NORMAL' I would tear it into confetti and dump the stupid scraps into the nearest trashcan. I am a very powerful and rare demigod, along with my twin sibling, Percy Jackson. And now you're thinking, 'Is that why being a Halfblood is sounds so scary?' Yeah, the more powerful your godly parent is, the more monsters you attract. My name is Erica Jackson. I am twelve years old, and my life was already pretty weird, I can prove that by starting at any point in my miserable life, but things started going steeply downhill last May when we got expelled from in Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids. Before you ask, yes. You could say I was troubled. Let me warn you, Yancy Academy was not a very fun school. Practically the only perks at the prison were the field trips, when we actually got to see the world. Nothing terribly horrible had happened this year on any of our trips. The important phrase being, 'Yet to happen.' Not that I was expecting anything but the trips start to get a little crazy this time of year. Like in fifth grade, we went on a field trip to Saratoga battlefield and Percy and I managed to fire a Revolutionary war cannon. We hadn't really planned to take out the bus. But why the cannon was loaded and prepped for fire and how we managed to fire it in the first place, I shall never know. And in fourth grade, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, dear brother Percy leant against a lever, allowing us an exclusive swim-with-the-sharks-tour, for free even! But I think you get the picture now. Anyways, the school would have been okay if it wasn't for the other kids. All the kids there were either stupid, obnoxious, mean, just plain rude or a mixture. Nancy Bobofit was one of the 'mixture' kids. So you can guess being stuck with her and twenty-eight other kids on a hot, stinky humid bus was not fun. This time we were going to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at, I quote, interesting pieces of Greek and Roman history. Yes, very interesting . It wasn't so bad, my only hope for an actual cool/fun field trip was Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher. He was a middle age guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard matched with a tweed jacket. He was actually pretty cool, he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. The other teacher cough cough supervising us cough cough was Mrs. Dodds, a small woman in her mid-forties who always wore a leather jacket. As though she was mean-looking enough. When we had her class, she looked at us like we were something disgusting she had just stepped in. Then Nancy Bobofit was class queen, never doing anything wrong, being the perfect pupil and role model all the time . On the bus, Percy and I sat with what might have been our other only friend, Grover. Grover was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard. And he was crippled, he had some sort of muscle disease in his legs, so he had a note excusing him from PE for life. He walked funny, like every step hurt him. But you should see him when its enchilada day in the cafeteria. Man, I'd never thought I would see someone run so fast for food. All that made him an easy target for Nancy Bobofit, I was currently watching chunks of peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich come flying from behind our seat and hit him on the back of the head. I pulled my 'Blah Blah Blah' cap down lower to protect me from the obnoxious arsonist. I bet Nancy did it because she knew my brother and I were on probation and couldn't do anything even mildly embarrassing to the school. And he was determined to be 'good' on this trip, but I doubted that the moment he told me and Grover his resloution. "I'm going to kill her," Percy mumbled. What is my brother summed up into one word? It'd probably be 'oblivious' or 'loyal'. He would go through hell and back if it meant his loved ones would be safe and sound, but he also failed to realize when something was so obvious, it would take a blind, deaf person who can't physically feel anything no to notice. I think the song, 'How do you Solve a Problem like Maria' from Sound of Music applies to him. He has good traits, and not-so-good traits. In a failed attempt to calm him down Grover said, "It's okay. I like peanut butter." Pfft. Yeah right, as if that was gonna help. Then he dodged another piece of Nancy's disgusting sandwich. I mean seriously, how much sandwich did Nancy have? I snatched the next bit of flying sandwich and threw it without looking back. I got a satisfying yelp and a fist bump from a grinning Grover. "That's it." Percy said as he got up, but Grover pulled him back down, our minor victory lost. "You're already on probation," Grover reminded my brother, who was in 'oblivious' mode right now. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." Percy looked wistfully over his shoulder, to where Nancy was sitting, picking her lunch out of her hair. Thank goodness Mr. Brunner was leading the tour, rolling around the exhibits like a human Wikipedia, giving us explanation after explanation of the exhibits. I was surprised on how much he knew, but that's basically the definition of what teachers were. Human Wikipedia's. They were supposed to know lots of stuff. All the Greek and Roman war stuff was cool, except for the interrogation tools, and it was amazing they had survived five thousand years and all that, but it unfortunately wasn't interesting enough to let me get lost in my own thoughts. Yeah, ADHD did that to you. According to the school counselors, you were supposed to stop, collect your thoughts and return to the present. Sometimes I had hallucinations, but that was only when I was younger. I remember the counselors had looked at me with sympathy, then told me that there was no such thing as a flying horse. But that didn't stop me from dreaming up names like 'Mallow' or 'Cloud' or even 'Angel' for the brown horse with wings I saw while looking out the window during a dreary Math class. We were currently in front of a grave marker, a stele , for a girl about our age. It was a stone column, about twelve to thirteen feet tall, with intricate engravings decorating the sides. On the top was a big sphinx, her long hair covering her front torso. I snapped back to reality when I heard Percy hiss: Will you shut up? We all burst out into laughter, and even I was giggling lightly. Mr. Brunner stopped mid-whatever he was saying and asked, "Mr. Jackson, do you have a comment?" Percy's face flushed tomato red. "No, sir." There was still snickering from all around, even from me. Ignoring us and focusing on Percy, Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the carvings on the stele. "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" I nearly sighed in relief, it was the most common Greek story probably ever, and I know that Percy knew it. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" Mr. Brunner was obviously not satisfied. "Yes, and he did this because…?" he said, prompting Percy. "Well…Kronos was king god —" I nudged him with my elbow and hissed under my breath. "Titan." "Titan," Percy corrected himself. "And, he didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, he ate them right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, When Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters—" One of the girls beside me said "Eeew!" I just rolled my eyes at her reaction. Some other people just snickered. Percy continued, unfazed. "—and so there was this big fight between the gods and Titans, and the gods won." He looked proud of himself for remembering one thing. Nancy, being Nancy, mumbled to a friend, "Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids." I snickered when Mr. Brunner said, "And why, Mr. Jackson, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted." Muttered Grover. "Soo busted." I added unhelpfully. "Shut up," Nancy hissed at us. As I turned to face her, I barley contained a fit of laughs, her face was as red as Percy's face minutes before, actually, almost the same color as her hair. It was like Mr. Brunner had radar ears or something, he was the only teacher who didn't treat Nancy as a princess and caught her doing something wrong (Gasp!). Percy said, "I don't know, sir." Mr. Brunner looked disappointed. "I see. Well, half-credit, Mr. Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed his father a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested inside the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him up to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" The class drifted off after her, the girls looking sick and the boys reenacting throwing up. Our quartette was about to follow when Mr. Brunner said, "Mr. Jackson." Uh-oh. That sounded like a line from a movie where suddenly your teacher turns into a killing-machine from the future and he has to kill you so robots can rule in the far future. In other, maybe more comprehensible words, it meant bad news. Percy turned to us and told us to keep going. He saw the worried expression on my face and rolled his eyes. "Erica, I'm going to be fine." "Were twins," I told him. "And twins stick together." Seriously though, forget the cheesy line, there weren't many things we did separately. He and i bickered for a while until Grover got fed up with us and resorted to a desperate measure. "Hey!" I yelped, he had resorted to dragging me to the locker room for school tours, where our lunches were. I turned to watch