Question: what happens when you gather your Shakespeare, Victor Hugo, George Martin and Tolkien influences to combine them all in one story? This mess happens! The script and the dialogues had been nagging at me for days driving my brain into sleepless insanity (yes all those characters are alive in my head, get over it!) and I realized that I HAD to write it and put it out of my head, so here it goes! I had not envisioned to post it here but I thought that perhaps others might enjoy a very dark and alienated taken of Tolkien's work! (Bear with me, I'm crazy!) AUTHOR'S BABBLING : I wish to apologize to all the Tolkien purists. I myself am quite the Tolkien fanatic and yet, I have dared to write a story with an OC as a main character! May I burn in the atheist Hell for my blasphemy! I had wanted to write with Eowyn instead not to scare readers away but it just did not feel right, for my brain had been creating a character of its own which incorporated the story by itself. Ever since I read the books as a teenager, I became fascinated with the different races and the not so subtle racism between them, especially as far as the elves are concerned. In this story I wanted to explore a darker aspect of the elves; are they so different – so much better – than the humans as Tolkien claimed them to be? I know that they were drafted to embody the christian morality (no premarital sex, fidelity, chastity as a whole blah blah blah) but we all know they are capable of horrors as it was the result of their banishment from Aman... Besides, I read that in one of Christopher Tolkien's letter, it was stated that elves like Glorfindel slept with several elleth everyday. I do not know if this is true - this certainly goes against the original drafting of the elven morality but oh well (and I do not find satire Glorfindel appealing at all!). Tolkien would have probably had a heart attack reading this following piece of madness but although I admire the man, his work was rather sexist; I mean if you look at all the biracial couples, they all follow the same pattern: human man falling in love with elven female who abandon their immortality for the man! Yet you do not have the equivalent for elven males! I know patriarchy was a complete normalcy back then but it has always annoyed me, and oh well, I have a soft spot for tragic romanticism (my readers in other fandoms know it all too well!)! In my defense, I have tried to remain as true to Tolkien as I could. WARNING: dark themes, mild-graphic erotica, death, alternate universe, depression, general macabre atmosphere (It's rated M for a reason kiddies!) Enjoy! \o/ SWIRLING SOULS IN AN ABYSS OF GOLD ONE-SHOT Of course, she knew him. Everyone did. His imposing and deadly stature forced admiration and fear into mortal and immortal hearts alike. She knew he had slain a Balrog, long ago. He was a keen and dangerous warrior from whom she did not like being too close. Like all the elves, he was a vision to behold, his physical perfection a mockery to her plain looks; with his hair the color of the sun and his fair and eternally young features. He could appear as wise as joyful, living life at its fullest only as a Firstborn was gifted to. He had seen so much of the world and beyond. The length of his knowledge intimidated her; he probably was one of the oldest elf to walk the lands of Middle Earth; thousands and thousands of years old, which did naught to ease her discomfort while in his presence. She could not grasp the concept of his immortality. It felt too alien to her, she whose very existence was tied to the whims of time. He had winked at her once, but Glorfindel was known to be a player, with elleth and humans alike. An exotic demonstration of strength and beauty such as he was out of any mortal's reach; not that she would have nourished any hope of a connection, he made her feel terribly uneasy and she tried her best to avoid him, as she did with all the immortals. Elves and humans did not belong together. Humans were flawed. Elves were not, they blossomed and remained constant in their grace and their existence. It was how Illuvatar had designed the Music to be played. He watched her from afar. She was an embodiment of humanity; petite and curvy, with dirty blond hair and blemish skin. She was clumsy and loud; he had witnessed her stumbles on many occasions. She did not bear the grace of the Eldars. Her beauty was not akin to the Undomiel or the Queen of the White Woods. Her features were rough and asymmetrical, albeit quite fair in a pure human perspective. They reflected no perfection; there was something terribly animalistic about her, carnal even, with her full breast and large hips, and her mouth – such a beautiful mouth he longed to touch and kiss. The sight of her awoke the beast within him in a way that not even the prettiest elleth ever did. Elven beauty was a painting, a work of art, but this human girl, she was carved for consumption. It was a trait of her he had found himself to grow found of. It was different, unsettling, exciting. She inflamed his senses and scorched his soul, making life pulse through him in a lascivious dance of burning lava. After the death of Isildur three thousand years ago, the social order was reorganized. Humans now integrated the lowest caste of Arda and were deprived of any right to settle political governments of their own – for safety issue; in the aftermath of the War, the elves and the dwarves agreed that humans were too weak to be trusted with power. It was the race of Men who had allowed the Ring to survive. It was because of Men that Darkness had temporary blinded Arda in a blood frenzy. The Eldars, the first and most strongly-willed children of Iluvatar, became the keepers of the race of Men. Humans lived in their own villages and could go about their lives under strict Elven tutelage and supervision to insure peace for all. But at what cost... If humans were technically not seen as property, the hatred between the two races had reached the seemingly point of no return. Some elven realms soon fell victim to a terrible affliction of misconduct mostly considered criminal if committed on a fellow elf. But humans were just humans, they were made to be used and discarded. Human subjugation gradually ruined the elven spirit and planted a seed of Evil in their once pacific hearts. Elves often wielded their power of control in the harshest display of racial disdain. For many elves, humans were not people, they were alike cattle; weak, dirty, crude and impossible to save. They were a race of passing, forged in the ephemera, unworthy of notice and consideration. It was something Glorfindel abhorred. Humans were mortal and different from the elves but it meant not that their lives were less valuable. Life was precious, in all its forms, just like hers. When Galadriel was a mighty divinity, Malia was a rose; likewise, she would fade and wither, and as long as Glorfindel could bask in her presence on this Earth, he wanted to know her better so that when she would pass, he could cherish bittersweet memories of her. He would live forever, young and beautiful. She would grow old, lose her peachy freshness and die. The thought hurt. He wanted her short life to become a part of his. He had tried to connect with her but for an obscure reason, the young human seemed afraid of him and averted her gaze whenever he tried to make eye contact. It pained him immensely. Her restrain was not unusual though. Most mortals seemed wary of the Firstborns, as if prone to jealousy and misconceptions. They thought the elves arrogant and too bright, surreal somehow. In their defense, the elves did not exactly try to temper the stereotypes. Many acted quite arrogantly indeed, appallingly so. One of the worst was the great elven King Thranduil, son of Oropher, who ruled the biggest part of the Elven realm. His disdain for all things that were not an Elf - or himself! - was well known and the realm of the wood elves sadly famous for its unfair treatment of its human residents. If Men lived in relative poverty all around Middle Earth, those who dwelt in the Woodland were blatantly miserable and often died of starvation and medical complications caused by the insalubrity of their homes. The state of the human alienage shocked Glorfindel when he first left the cozy confinement of Imladris to pay a visit to the King for matters of warfare. In all his long life, he had never witnessed such misery. In Mirkwood humans had never exactly fared well, but during the reign of Oropher their suffering had limits his son obviously cared very little for. The human alienage in Thranduil's realm was a pit of horrors carved by Melkor himself. What Glorfindel had seen there would mark him forever. He had seen mortal children who looked more like skeletons than children, too exhausted to stand on their young feet, vaulters patiently awaiting in the corner for one of them to exhume their last breath and feed on their corpse. He had seen mortal women and men being harshly mounted by lust driven soldiers, when it was evident that the human did not partake in their amusement; physical abuse was a crime the Eldar did not commit, ever. The soldier weakness was a human weakness. He had seen the elderly harshly pushed forward when pace was deemed too slow, thrown onto the ground and be forsaken in the mud. He had seen the small cabins that served as homes filled with sickness and filth of all kind, sheltering a dozen of humans when one already was too much for the space. He had seen the eyes of the humans filled with a white terror only the vision of an army of Orcs could strike in one's heart upon the arrival of the elves in the alienage; all humans had abandoned their post and ran away, their screams sickeningly similar to the ones expressed by the fallen elves of Gondolin as the forces of Morgoth lashed their flaming fury on the hidden city. But they were no Orcs neither Balrogs nor Dragons, they were just elves. Elves danced and sang and honored the passing of the seasons but they did not terrify, they did not maim, they did not starve innocents. Glorfindel soon learned that in Mirkwood they did. Mirkwood was not Imladris and Imladris was not Lothlorien. The humans in the realm of Lord Elrond were fairly treated. If they did not benefit from any official representation in politics, they were happy. The crops they had grown and nourished themselves were theirs to collect. They had food, water and proper welfare. Lord Elrond being a Peredhel himself would have tolerated no abuse. In the Valley, the alienages were not even called alienages. They were villages and humans enjoyed as much freedom as the ancient elf could grant them. The contrast with the Woodland was just too much. Hither, the humans worked on the fields till exhaustion but the profits of the crops were to be collected and enjoyed by the elves only. To survive, humans stole and searched the garbage. Those who were caught were killed with no Mercy. How could this be any different when even the lowest caste of the wood elves already were ill-treated themselves? The