Disclaimer : All rights are wholly owned by Stephenie Meyer. Any characters that may appear here are only being borrowed for entertainment purposes. Author's Note1 : I give props to Stephanie Meyer for the world she created, but perhaps in another universe it might have gone this way. This story is a partial re-write of Breaking Dawn, picking up at a certain point, then going AU. Any similarities to the original work are unintentional. Any errors or flaws are my own. The majority of the work is told from Bella's point of view, with a brief break in Edward's. Many thanks to TwilightMomofTwo for her patience and guidance, and for showing me what it means to be a beta reader. Read her story: "Resurrection". It rocks . AN2 : These scenes belong before the wedding, when Bella & Edward break the news to Charlie that they're getting married, then to Renee. Prologue – Announcements I sat and watched while Charlie's face passed through varying shades of pink, purple and blue. Edward's very polite, extremely formal speech would have impressed any of my friends' fathers. Not Charlie. I chewed my lip a little, waiting for the explosion. I wasn't disappointed. "Get the hell out of my house!" he roared, turning on Edward and pointing a shaking finger at the door. "Dad!" I screamed, jumping to my feet. He glared at me and held a hand out, palm forward, halting me. "I need to talk to you right now, and I don't need an audience." He scowled at Edward. "You! Out!" Edward rose to his feet, but it wasn't fast enough for Charlie. He grabbed Edward by the elbow and hustled him towards the door. "If you're still here when I get back I'll talk to you later," Charlie said darkly. Edward let Charlie throw him out, and turned to give me a reassuring look over his shoulder before Charlie shut the door on him. I was seething inside as I watched him return. "This had better be good," I growled through my teeth, low and furious as he stalked back to the living room. "You're pregnant, aren't you?" he shouted, pointing that accusing finger at me, the veins almost ready to pop out of his head. "NO!" I screeched, horrified. "We've never done anything like that!" I knew that was the first conclusion people were going to jump to. "Then why does he want to get married so young?" Charlie was so livid there were flecks of spittle on his lips. "You heard him, he's just old-fashioned that way! Geez, anybody else would be happy if their daughter wanted to get married before going off to school with a guy. Would you rather I just shack up with him?" "NO! Aaargh!" Charlie's frustrated cry echoed off the ceiling as he threw his hands in the air. With some effort, he controlled his voice and blew out a long breath with a hiss. "It's not just that, Bella." He collapsed onto the couch, laced his fingers together and looked at them, the veins on the side of his head still bulging. "Think about it. You've only had one boyfriend. One! From what Renee tells me you didn't even date when you were in Phoenix. And you're telling me you have enough experience to tell he's the one?" "I know how I feel, and I know how he feels." "But you two have broken up twice!" My father held two quivering fingers up at me. "And the last time he left you . In fact, when he did, you seemed to get along just fine with Jacob. That should tell you something. He's not the only one, Bells." I was confused for a moment. Twice? Oh, I'd forgotten about the sham breakup when we were running from James. I didn't see the need to correct him about that one. Charlie also didn't know how right he was about Jacob, but I'd already made this decision. I sat down in the loveseat across from him, hoping to strike an equally reasonable attitude. I hated to bring up unpleasant memories but didn't know how else to convince him. "Dad, you know how I was when Edward left, right?" Charlie grimaced. "How can I forget?" We hadn't really talked about that episode, just swept it under the rug. I didn't like to think about it and Charlie was probably relieved when I had gotten over it. "I guess it must have been hard to watch, and I'm sorry about that," I said. "I know you like Jacob more than Edward, but let's be honest. Even when Edward was gone and I was with Jacob, I wasn't okay. I still wanted Edward, and I only got better when he came back." Charlie's frown deepened. "Bella, think about what you just said. Can't you see how unhealthy that is? You're saying you can't live without him. Even if he never leaves you again, nobody lives forever. What are you gonna do if you outlive him?" So agitated that I almost blurted out the impossibility of that ever happening, I had to stop myself for a second and pretend I was in a relationship with a normal boy. "Dad, it was one thing when I thought he didn't want me anymore," I replied, hiding a wince at the painful memories. "It's another thing if we've been together, and he's taken away from me. At least we'll have had our time together. And it wasn't like I was suicidal when he left me. I was getting better." Charlie snorted. "Not suicidal but not really alive. And that's right. You were getting better because you were with Jacob. Suddenly Edward comes back and you forget all that Jake did for you?" I wanted to scream; it was so unfair of him to use that. "Of course I didn't forget! But I don't love him like I love Edward! It just isn't the same thing. What do you want me to do? Break up with Edward and marry Jacob just because you like him better?" Charlie sputtered for a while. It was obvious that was exactly what he was thinking. I looked away to hide my frustration and my gaze fell on the curtains and pictures my mom had hung so many years ago – a woman's touch my father had never taken down. "Come to think of it, why didn't you marry somebody else after mom left you?" "It's not the same situation." Charlie started to flush again. "I was busy with my parents and my job. And this is about you, not about me." I ignored his last comment. "So if you think about it, I've actually had more relationships than you have." "I've still seen more of life than you have, Bella," Charlie growled. "I see more life happening on the job than you ever will. And I was married for a few years and we had you, didn't we?" "But as far as relationships are concerned, you know even less than I do," I insisted. Charlie's scowl darkened. "I dated other people before your mother. I know that you haven't seen enough of life at eighteen to decide who you're going to marry after dating one person for less than two years." "Like you did?" My voice rose a little. I didn't like his double-standard. "How old were you when you married Mom?" "I was in my twenties. Your mother was nineteen," he admitted. I pounced on that point. "So I'm a year younger than Mom. Why is it so bad for me when that's exactly what you and Mom did?" "Because maybe your mom was too young when we got married, did you ever think about that?" Charlie clenched his fingers in his frustration. "Maybe if she'd been a little more mature she wouldn't have suddenly decided to take off with you. I'm sure your mother has talked to you about getting married too young. Look how far that got us." "Are you saying you regret marrying Mom in the first place?" "No! Not at all!" Charlie cried out. "I'm just trying to keep you from making our mistakes! We're not together anymore. Do you call that a good thing for a family?" If I were being honest, I would have to admit his point. Even though most of my life it was just me and my mom and that was all I knew, there were times when I wished he was around. "No, but that was your life. I wasn't making any judgments." "Oh, fer chrissakes!" Charlie dropped his face into his hands and shook his head. We lapsed into uncomfortable silence, not sure what else we might say to convince the other. I realized I really was hoping for his blessing. We could get married without it, but if I was going to walk away from my human life, I didn't want to cheat him out of walking me down the aisle. That happy occasion would let us end on a high note and as long as he knew I was happy, I would be better able to handle that last farewell. I wasn't thrilled about the idea of disregarding him, but if he wasn't going to come around, I would still follow my chosen path. "You know Dad, I was really hoping we wouldn't have to go through it this way," I said in a weary voice. "But you do know that I'm legally an adult, right?" After a moment he spoke grudgingly, his voice muffled by his hands. "Yeah, I know." "So technically, I don't need to ask your permission. But I was hoping you'd at least try to understand what I'm going through, and maybe trust my judgment as an adult." Charlie didn't say anything for a long time, just sat there with his hands on his face. The only movement was his breathing, which was still a little fast from his agitated state. Finally, when he put his hands down and sat up I was surprised to see him looking sadly at me. "Do you remember learning how to ride a bike, Bella?" he asked abruptly. I grimaced. Riding a bike was another of those things the coordination-challenged should leave to others. "Of course I do. You ran behind me for days, holding me up by the bike seat. You had to stop when you threw your back out." Charlie nodded. "I'd have kept going if not for that. Maybe you'd have enjoyed it more. My point is, I'm always going to want to run beside you. Keep you from falling. Not the kind of thing you just give up one day." Like a candle was blown out, the anger evaporated and I could feel myself getting a little teary. He really did care about me, and I loved him so much I didn't know how I was going to be able to say goodbye later. Trying to compose myself, I pushed that thought to the back of my mind. Just then, Charlie sat up straighter. "Is Edward still out there? I need to talk to the two of you now." I hurried to the door, certain that Edward would not have left. He was there almost before I opened the door, having waited on the porch steps, listening to Charlie's tirade. As he came in he gave me a look of confidence that I didn't feel. "Sit down there, Edward," Charlie pointed to the loveseat. Taking my place next to Edward, I noticed that Charlie didn't apologize for throwing him out but that didn't seem important just now. "I had a feeling this day might come," Charlie muttered. "Guess I kinda hoped other things might work out." Edward and I glanced at each other, both of us knowing exactly what Charlie had been hoping for. Charlie looked Edward in the eyes, using his Chief Swan glare. "You hurt my little girl, Edward. When you left her, she was like the