A/N: I do not own Twilight or any of it's characters. Only the main character, Amelia, and any other additions in this story. ... Love Beyond Death: Sisters of the Heart A Prequel to Twilight Book ... Prologue: A Mother's Love ... "My sweet Amelia, By the time you get this, I will be gone from this world. I am so sorry, my heart. Please understand how much I regret not being there and guiding you as a mother should. There are so many things left unsaid and that I regret not doing for you. I wish that I could tell you everything, but time is against me. One day it will all be explained, so for now please practice patience. I know how much you hate to stand still for too long, just like your father. He loved you with all his heart despite the short amount of time spent together. I can still remember the night you were born. It was a beautiful night under the fullest moon and the brightest stars. And as he held you, there was joy and love so unconditional. You have his soulful and enchanting eyes, you know? Ah, but I have lost focus here, no time to reminisce. Amelia. My dear, sweet Amelia-Rose Mortem. I know things have been...strange lately. Starting when you first turned seven years of age. You have witnessed different and unusual accidents. You are changing, love. Don't fear change. These are good things, my moon-flower. It is in our blood. Our heritage. Know that your father and I went through the same things when we were your age. These changes will set in motion the long life you will have and grant you the ability to give back for the greater good. You are a very special girl and in time you will learn why that is as you are a very rare soul. Remember that being different isn't bad. It's who you are and you should embrace it, wear it like armor. Flourish and grow into the beautiful, kind, and loving woman that you will become. Stay true to who you are and who you want to be. Better yourself and face your fears. Your father and I will always be watching over you. You are never alone, nor will you ever be. Trust in your judgement. Find strength in your friends. You will see how important that is when you are older. And who knows, maybe you will find a special someone. I know they are out there waiting for you. And when they do fid you, they'll fall hard for your charm. After all, we Hartwood women have that effect on others. There is so much more that I wish to tell you, my daughter. So much I can't fill in these pages. All I can do is assure you that the changes you will feel and face are not bad. Be strong. Be brave. The journey to discovering yourself will be a long ride, but a fun one. Especially with your sense of adventure. I love you, Amelia-Rose. Your loving mother, Guinevere Mortem P.S. I left a letter with your inheritance to your grandmother who will help you with your learning. I am so sorry that it will not be me who teaches you everything as a mother-daughter tradition. I will always love you, my sweet." ... Red-rimmed darkened lilac eyes read over and over the last words of her late mother about a dozen times, the words replaying in her mothers voice within her mind. The small wisp of a girl sat in her mothers room, dressed in a simple black dress with white collar and cuffs, a floppy wool felted black hat, solid black stockings, and black laced heeled boots for her mothers funeral. At the age of 11, Amelia-Rose Ginevra Mortem had just lost her mother; best-friend and only confident. Guinevere Mortem, maiden name formerly Hartwood, was the closest family and friend she ever had growing up. She never knew any other extension of either her mothers family, besides her estranged grandmother Theodora Hartwood, or the father she barely knew. All except her mothers closest friends, Nicholas and Celeste Mathews, who currently live in one of the cloudiest and wettest States in America, though they moved often, so she had no idea which state they currently resided. When she had picked up an envelop from the white paint-chipped vintage nightstand in her mothers room, she had felt a light weight within it's secured folds. Tilting the envelop, a small, worn golden antique key landed in her dainty hand. It looked old and worn with detailed elegant curves, almost Victorian vintage with it's shape. Beautiful and ageless, almost with an ancestral feel to it she felt. Turning it a few times between her slender fingers, she observed and burned the details to memory, wondering wherever it's paired lock would be. Refolding the letter, she then placed it back in the envelope and tucked the old key into her hidden dress pocket. With a deep shuddering breath, the young girl wiped away any loose salty tears, then attempted to rearrange her ash brown bangs from her reddened blotchy face. Lavender eyes looked around her mothers room with a deep sadness as she held back another whimper from the happy and loving memories that bounced back once more. It was painful to be in here, yet she endured the heartache so that she could absorb as much of her mothers scent and memories as she could before she was whisked away across the sea to a strange unknown environment. Between France and Ireland, it was always just the two of them, mother and daughter. Guinevere, or most commonly known as Ginnie, owned a small shop of flower arrangements and gifts ranging from handmade jewelry to beautiful children's dolls. She remembered helping with arranging the store on weekends whenever they moved back to France a few years ago, enjoying the task of arranging their shelves and designing the signs. What she later realized was the special meaning to this place. It was her and her fathers birthplace. Often times she'd ask about any of his relatives, but her mother always redirected the question and distracting her. She simply gathered that there was obviously a lot of tension and distance between her father and his family. So she wondered, at times, if they even knew about her. No matter, this place brought both positive and painful memories to her mother. The look obviously written on her face at times whenever she'd gaze too long at nothing. Now, her estranged Grandmother, Theodora, is stealing her from the only home she has ever known to Jacksonville in Phoenix, Arizona, of all places. It seems that the old woman loved the sunny states, basking in the warm sun. Open spaces and nature all around, not unlike her own village. She relished in the fact that it'll be somewhat similar to their beautiful home in a small village in France. The trees surrounding their home, the small creek she used to play in near their house, and the garden they grew together, all things she'd miss. She could already feel exposed with none of the tree or helpless without her garden she grew with her mother. All the herbs and vegetables they'd pluck together, she realized that never again would they cook together. It was one of the biggest memories she'd miss, her mothers delicious cooking. She all but had the taught skills and herbal knowledge her mother shared with her. But she did not hold on to any hope that her cooking would amount to that of her own mothers. Even her warm and homely scent would be a painful loss, already feeling that empty void in her chest where her heart lied. The natural smell she held that gave her comfort and safety, as most children would find with their parents. She would never expect that kind of connection with her own grandmother, she couldn't see nor would she want it. She could never replace or raise up to that of her own mother. Tears slowly slipped as she thought about every little quirk her mother had. The talks they'd share. Even the small bouts of sass they exchanged. Every teaching. Everything. Now all gone. Memories that she feared would slip from her and she'd eventually forget, thus keeping a small journal she wrote down her most prominent memories that can't be kept in a photo, especially that of conversations. She even had her Polaroid camera, snapping shots of all her favorites spots to build a memory book. She wanted to be thorough, wanted to remember and never forget. As her mother would tell her, memories are powerful. Sudden realization snapped at her as she dashed across the room towards her mothers closet and dug around, searching for one of the most precious possessions she shared with her mother. As mother and daughter, they built a memory box, just for them. With a gasp, she pulled out with desperation and a cry as she finally found her salvation. Small hands gently grazed across the small chest, yet large enough to fit across her lap. Standing with it, she set it on the desk before turning around to find anything else that she could take with her. Deciding on a few things, mainly her mothers jewelry collections, some books, clothes, and pictures, she set them in an empty box at the foot of the dresser which held her chest. "This ez et, mum," she whispered faintly, laying down on the bed, once more absorbing as much she could of her mothers presence. "I'm leaving 'ome soon. Grandma vill be taking me to America, to her 'ome..." Silence was her only answer. "I'm going to miss you, mummy..." Rolling over, the girl shed silently tears, curling in on herself as she squeezed her eyes shut tightly. She laid there for many minutes more before finally calming down until a soft knock echoed from the door she closed. Without an answer, the door slowly opened before her grandmother walked in, taking in her late daughters room. She walked towards the boxed picture frames, silently watched by her granddaughter. Lifting one of the pictures, she smiled sadly at the one that held of Ginnie holding a small Amelia. "I remember this one." Wiping away her tear stained cheeks, Amelia sat up a little to see which picture she was pointing out. It was the one of her mother and father when she a newborn babe, all smiling, even her toothless grin and bright lavender eyes stood out. It was one of her favorites due to having her father and mother looking so happy and in love, there were few with him in any. "This was one of her favorite ones. Taken at your first sight of Ireland. She was so happy, especially since it's one of the few left with your father. A French gentlemen through and through." she spoke as if to no one in particular. The small girl sat up slowly until she sat on the edge, feet barely touching the floor due to her small stature. Amelia observed her grandmother closely, watching and learning her appearance. Despite her age, she looked good, aging gracefully and appearing younger than what she first pictured. After all, her mother eventually limited contact with her grandmother after a time, reasons she never knew. Theodora held few wrinkles for her age, though she could clearly see the crows feet at the edges of her piercing grey-blue eyes, much like her mothers own color. Her light brown hair showed streaks of white within an elegant bun, almost in a complicated Victorian-do. She even held herself with a certain grace and nobility, much like her speech. Though modernized, her choice of clothing held an old fashion she couldn't help but to admire for it's subtle beauty. Naturally she was dressed in all black, save for the