Chapter 1-Hazel heartbreak I DON'T OWN PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIAN…BUT MY ASS DOES :D HI GUYS THIS IS THE FIRST CHAPTER OF PERCY JACKSON AND THE DAUGHTERS OF THE DEATH GOD PRETTY LARGE NAME RIGHT, BUT I DON'T CHOSE IT AND YOU GET USED TO IT. THIS IS MY FIRST STORY FROM LOLSause AND STUFF. HE DO REALLY DIDN'T WANT TO LEAVE THE STORY BUT SOME INTERNAL PROBLEM FORCED HIM TO LEAVE IT, AND HE IS SORRY FOR THAT, HOPE WE SOON SEE HIM WITH ANOTHER STORY. I WILL LEAVE THE CHAPTERS THAT HE MADE AS THEY ARE ONLY WITH GRAMMAR CHECK AND THAT, HOPE YOU LIKE IT AS YOU LIKE IT FROM HIM EX-AUTHOR—LOLSauce Percy Pov The waves crashing against the hull of the Argo II where creating a rhythmic beating sound causing my eyelids to droop thank the gods that my shift on deck would be over soon I doubt I'd last much longer even if a monster managed to get past Festus fire breath I'd be in no condition to do anything about it except pull the emergency switch and alert the rest of the crew. "You should get some rest you look like one of Nico's skeletons" Leo deadpanned, I yawned "Don't have to tell me twice" I said walking away from the mast and into the walkway leading to the cabins when Jason stopped me "Hey, we will get 'em….Right" he asked looking slightly scared "Can I be honest with you?" I asked "Oh no were all dead" Jason whimpered, and his face showed complete defeat "What's that supposed to mean" Jason was biting his lower lip from the nervousness in is brain "Next to Leo you're like the most optimistic guy here and you're actually realistic" why does always people think being realistic mean…dead bitch "When I said cant I be honest with you that doesn't mean I'm always going to give you bad news," or does it? I have a lot of sleepiness this is not hour, be strait and cut the crap Percy "Well do you think we'll make it?" Jason asked, this is being monotonous I am off "I've been up for about 30 hours straight I'm not thinking straight I'll get back to you on that." I replied and walked below decks to see two figures slipping into Frank's room in the dark. I chuckled walking into my own cabin, it's not normal to see Frank and I'm guessing Hazel sneaking off in the middle of the nights but it might just be my sleep deprived mind playing tricks on me either way I wouldn't ponder it any longer as soon as my head hit the pillow I was out. I awoke to a tapping on my door "Come in" I said quietly sitting up and rubbing the sleep from my eyes. To my surprise instead of Annabeth walking through the doors Hazels figure slipped through a small crack in the door. "Hey sorry to wake you up" She said quietly, I scooted over and made some room inviting her to sit down. " No problem what time is it?" I asked "About 4ish" Oh, I had only been asleep for about 2 hours. "Are you okay" I asked. She stayed quiet the look in her eyes said it all. "I don't know, it's about Frank usually I'd go and talk to Piper or Annabeth but I think Annabeth may be the problem". For a second anger flared inside of my chest how dare she blame Annabeth for anything does she even know what we've had to go through! But I calmed down this is Hazel were talking about since when did she blame without reasoning she's been through a lot too I can't judge her I don't even know what's up. "What do you mean Annabeth might be the problem" I asked She hesitated drawing in a sharp breath "I think that her a-and Frank might be….." What! There's no way in Hades that they would do that! "You do know that this is Frank you're talking about, right" She just nodded and kept looking at the floor but what if it wasn't her sneaking into franks bedroom. "Wait here" I said and crept out the door. I walked across the hall and creaked open the door to Annabeth's room…..She wasn't there. I felt my face pale and anger raged inside of me then I felt the betrayal and confusion set in. I had to know if it was true what if she was just on deck or using the bathroom but I doubted it so I cracked open Franks door and looked through the crack. In that moment the doorway wasn't the only thing that was cracked my heart had shattered into a million pieces as I saw MY girlfriend MY Annabeth lying at Franks side the two started to stir so I closed the door and walked back to my room where Hazel was waiting un moved on my bed. I collapsed onto my bed sitting up only to have Hazel fall onto my shoulders with silent tears falling from her eyes embracing her in my arms I let myself go and tears fell. "But why" She sniffled "I don't know I mean Frank he's like the most or you would think that he would be the most loyal dude ever and Annabeth we literally went through hell together I just don't know anymore" We stayed like that in each other's arm until Hazel fell asleep her head resting against my chest. Coach hedge would be getting up soon and I wouldn't want another horse stable incident so I carried her into her room and laid her on her bed I sat there for a moment looking at her pondering my emotions I could see the sun rising through the window so I brushed the chocolate brown curls from her face and left. As I walked out I saw Annabeth slipping into her room and heard the robotic Coach Hedge replacement that Leo built getting ready to wake every one up I rushed into my room just as it opened the door. Hazels Pov When I heard Coach Hedge's robot replacement's morning wake up calls I jumped I had to get of Percy's room I was surprised when I landed on my own floor face first. He must have carried me here last night he's so sweet. I changed from my Pjs into a pair of jeans that where ripped at one of the knee's and a camp Jupiter tee. "Knock Knock, how ya doin" Frank asked cheerfully walking into my room "Ready for breakfast" I just ignored him pushing him out my way as I walked down the hall to the mess hall. "Hazel, hold on a minute what's wrong?" he asked grabbing me by the waist keeping me from moving. "What's wrong with you? Get your hands off me!" I nearly shouted He looked confused "I know about you going around with Annabeth at night" I snapped back at him not noticing Jason and Piper coming up behind us. "Oh yeah well at least Annabeth gives some head" He shouted back "Oh, um I don't think we were supposed to hear that" Jason stammered "No fucking way! With Annabeth really" Piper screeched giving Frank a really nasty look. I could feel tears coming to my eyes so I walked into the Mess hall avoiding eye contact with Annabeth but I know Percy saw something as hard as I tried to hide it he followed me into a concealed part of the kitchen where Leo makes his Amazing tacos. "Did you talk to him? I could see the concern and sadness in his eyes. While he and Annabeth where in Tartarus Frank and I had gotten a lot closer relationship wise it really hurt to lose him now especially to Annabeth she was my best friend, I can't believe she would do this to me or Percy he went through hell for her. "Yeah we uh, bumped into me a minute ago some stuff went down, what about you" "No, I just… I just, I almost couldn't believe it was her I mean her and me we were like ugh… I don't even know anymore". "Frank said something about Annabeth giving head what in the world does that mean" I asked he looked shocked betrayed and completely pissed off when I said that. "It means Frank got a blow job" He answered with a quiet rage in his voice "Wait so that means you and Annabeth- " "NO no Hell no" We stood there for a minute and then decided to go back into the main room everyone's eyes were on us as soon as we were in sight. "Hazel I'm soo sorry are you okay" Piper asked rushing up to give me a hug. I just kind of stood there and watched Percy go and talk with Jason and Leo for a minute while Annabeth and Frank where getting yelled at by hedgebot about how it's wrong to sleep together and what so ever. "Yeah I'll be fine" I lied and walked onto the deck but immediately walked back into my room as a wave of sea sickness hit me. I started to tear the pictures I drew of me and Frank off of the wall and throw them in the trash. "Hazel can I come in" I heard the muffled voice of Piper who I was really trying to avoid right now I didn't want to answer any questions. "Yeah sure" guess I couldn't put it off to much longer. She walked in and sat down on one of 3 comfortable plush chairs, I had arranged around my room for whenever me and the other girls would hang out not that we hung out in here that much it would usually be in piper's room since she had the cornucopia so if we ever got hungry ShaPow food only a thought away. "Seriously are you okay" Ugh why does she keep asking can't she tell I'm not? "No I'm not" I replied bluntly "What's up with you and Percy already trying to get back out there?" She asked smirking "No," I said seriously "Last night I thought I saw Frank and Annabeth slipping into franks room so I was going to see what was going on and I heard a bunch of giggling and stuff getting knocked over and then I heard Annabeth saying something about Percy never letting her go that far or some shit like that, and so I tried to go to sleep but I couldn't forget about Annabeth saying that, and so I walked over to Percy's room and he went over to check and it was true so we sat there in each other's arms until I fell asleep and he brought me back here" I said getting out of breath near the end. "Damn, are you sure you don't like Percy I mean he is single now" Piper started giggling until she saw that I wasn't amused so she tried to give me a hug but I pushed her away and walked out of my room bumping into Percy who had a tear rolling down his cheek. I looked him in the eye and embraced him felling him tense but then relax and put his arms around me. We walked into his room and sat there in a comfortable silence until I heard his stomach rumble and laughed I gave him a gesture to stay put and ran to Pipers room interrupting a make out session, ew grabbed the cornucopia and rushing out hearing surprised yelps from her room and walked into Percy's room seeing that he was still there looking out of the port hole "Back" I announced, he turned and smiled I felt butterflies on my stomach, wow how did Annabeth resist him so long. "I got food" I said shooting a blueberry muffin his