The train is apparently traveling over 250 miles per hour, but it feels like we're going nowhere, literally and physically. It's going so fast that I don't feel a thing. The only way I know we're moving is by sitting at a window seat and watching the world whiz by, my knees pulled to my chest and an incredibly sweet mug of hot cocoa held tight in my palms. We've been on the train for just over a full day. We should arrive in District 10 tomorrow. I had always thought it would go faster, that our districts weren't that far apart, but I've come to learn how wrong I had been. I had been wrong about a lot of things. I'm learning the hard way how altered my perception was of the world we live in. Just a few days ago, Snow told me I had to not only convince the districts that Peeta and I were in love, but convince him as well. I've kept that piece of information to myself, mostly because Peeta and I haven't really spoken since he was ripped away from me at the end of the last Games. I don't know what to say to him, I never really did. I can't pick apart my feelings for him; it's much too confusing. At one point, I had thought that I didn't have the time to be fiddling with petty romantic drama when my family's lives were at stake. But I'm slowly coming to realize that the petty romantic drama is what will keep not only them, but also Peeta and I, breathing. There's only one thing that matters: during the last Games, I was so in love with him that death seemed better than living without him. I have to think it so much that I'll start to believe it myself. It'll start to become real if I make it that way. Jarring me out of my thoughts, I hear a sharp rap on the doorjamb of the room that I am sitting in. I look over and see Haymitch standing there, an amber-colored drink in hand. "Meet in the bar car, sweetheart," he slurs, sloshing his drink around. "We have things to discuss." I don't agree or disagree, I just stare at him until he vacates my space. Once he's gone, I untuck my legs and make my way to the bar car, where I find Effie, Haymitch and Peeta already sitting. There's one plush, velvet chair left for me next to Peeta. I stand. I don't participate in the meeting, really, I just stand there and watch. More than once, Haymitch looks over to elicit some sort of reaction from me, but I give him nothing. I can't stop thinking about what Snow said, and what that will mean for mine and Peeta's future. It's not just my future anymore, it's ours. Haymitch said it himself after we left District 11. We are, essentially, never getting off this train. The only image that's coursing through my mind is that poor man getting shot in the head after initiating the mockingjay symbol in the air for me. It was for me . His blood is on my hands, though by now it's hard to find an empty spot. There is a lot of blood on my hands. The next night after we read off of Effie's cards in front of Distrcit 10, I sequester myself to the very back of the train so I can watch the world zipping by again. The stars are twinkling above; I do my best to let my eyes linger on just one so I can anchor myself to earth. "Hey." His voice scares me so much I practically jump out of my chair. I press my hand to my heart and feel it hammering wildly. "You scared me," I say. "Sorry," he looks down and smiles, then sits down in the chair beside me. "How are you doing?" I shrug. "You've been quiet." "I saw a man get shot in the head yesterday because of what I said," I say. "It messes with your head." He nods slowly. There's not much to say in response to that, and I know it. I don't know why I said it. I have no reason to make him feel guilty. None of this was Peeta's fault. "I'm sorry," I say. "It's okay," he says. "No, it's not," I say, "it's not your fault. I shouldn't be taking it out on you. You…you didn't do anything wrong." I think about what Snow said and suddenly I'm paranoid we're being watched. At this point, I don't doubt it, but I don't feel like forcing it for a camera. Right now, the air between Peeta and me is relaxed and calm. Like he said before, we finally have a start at being friends. I have to admit, ever since he mentioned his favorite color being orange, I've watched the sunset every night. "You didn't do anything wrong, either," he tells me, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees. "I shouldn't have said those things. I should've just read from Effie's cards." "We both knew you weren't going to do that," he says. "Well, I should've," I mutter. "You make people…feel things," he says, "You inspire people. That's not a bad thing, Katniss." "It's a bad thing when people die because of it," I state simply. "I'm going to go to bed, Peeta. You should, too. We have another long day tomorrow, full of fake speeches and…" I trail off. "Good night." "Good night, Katniss." I wake in the middle of the night, my body drenched in sweat and seemingly every one of my muscles tense to the point of bursting. I'm stiffly upright in my bed, my voice hoarse from yelling, and Peeta appears in my doorway. My chest is heaving. I can't remember it, but I know it was bad. "I'm sorry, just…a nightmare," I somehow manage to say. Along with the perspiration on my face, I can feel tear streaks as well. "It's okay," he says, sounding out of breath, "I get them, too. Good night, Katniss." As he turns to leave, I clench the sheets tight in my fists. "Peeta, wait." He turns back around, his eyebrows raised. "Will you stay with me?" He doesn't hesitate. He climbs up on my elevated bed, rests his back against the headboard, and wraps one of his arms around me. I melt into his chest, laying my head over his beating heart, and keep my eyes open as he rubs the thin fabric of my nightshirt between his first finger and thumb. "Always," he whispers, and I will my eyes to close. Knowing he's there with me, sleep comes easier. I sleep through the rest of the night with no interruptions. In the morning when the watery sunlight pours in from the slatted blinds, Peeta's arms are still strong around me and he's sound asleep, his chin pressed to his chest. I take a moment for myself and just study him; his unbearably long eyelashes gracing his skin, his lower lip pouted out and slack, the coif of his curly blonde hair somehow still perfect even as it's mussed. Even as he sleeps, his grip is still firm on me. That could just be from the weight of his arm, though; Peeta is by no means a small person. I like that about him. He makes me feel safe. It seems that I'm thinking about Peeta so loudly that he wakes up due to the sheer amount of times I've said his name in my head. He blinks slowly, tightening his arm around me and therefore pulling my body closer to his. I don't object. "Good morning," he says, and his voice is raspy. I've never heard him in the morning before, not when we haven't had a million things to worry about. And right now, I guess we still do. But for right now during this tiny, yellow sliver of the day, they're forgotten. "Morning," I whisper, and then find it impossible to meet his crystalline blue eyes. I stare at his chest, which only proves harder after I notice the sprigs of chest hair curling up from under the neckline of his shirt. "You sleep well?" he asks, and then untangles our bodies and brings his arm back to his side. I feel the draft of the room for the first time, but don't make a move to touch him again. It's not so easy when we're awake. "I did," I say, and pull my knees to my chest. "I'm sorry for waking you last night." "I wasn't bothered, Katniss," he says, and I nod. "Like I said, I get the nightmares, too." "I never hear you crying out," I say under my breath, feeling suddenly weak or lesser from wearing my emotions on my sleeve. I have the urge to shove them back under. "My nightmares are usually about losing you," he says easily. I can't resist looking at him; I could never say something like that out loud. "I'm okay once I realize you're here." I can't think of a thing to say in response. Haymitch was right; I could live a hundred lifetimes and never deserve this boy. A knock on my door disturbs our corner of the world and both of us jump. The person outside, whoever it is, doesn't have to say a word. Peeta gets up at his cue. I'm suddenly uncomfortable with the fact that they knew we were together all night, but after the discomfort comes indignation. Let them know. Peeta and I deserve each other's company after all we've been through. He's the only person I can relate to these days. When we get off the train in District 9, my hands are clammy, my mouth is dry and my tongue feels like it's three sizes too big. As we stand backstage, Peeta looks over the cards and mouths the words as he reads along. My heart swells although I don't know why. Effie comes in moments later and fluffs my hair, then dots a bit more lipstick onto my lips. "Perfect," she says, albeit a bit somberly for her, "just remember, read from the cards." "Got it," Peeta says, and because the doors are about to open he reaches for my hand. I take his and we walk out together, standing in front of the masses of people waiting to hear us regurgitate words that everyone knows the President wants to hear. It makes my stomach churn. I don't speak. I'm afraid if I do, either I'll throw up or something will happen like it did in 11. The safest thing for me to do is keep my mouth shut, stand here and look like I'm hopelessly in love with the boy I can't let go of. His voice shakes, too, though, at some points. The crowd either doesn't notice or isn't paying enough attention. They know just as well as we do that our words are transparent. They mean nothing. Displeasure from the crowd is better than death, though, any day. I wish there was some way for me to tell them this without putting my life in danger, but I know that there isn't. When we step off the stage, I feel dissatisfied and inauthentic. I don't want people to think I'm becoming some product of the Capitol, although it feels like that even to myself. When we get back on the train, I skip dinner and head to my room. I wait until it's dark and then get up from my bed to wander the halls, as I sometimes do when I have nothing else better to fill my time with. I don't get far before I run into Peeta. We meet each other's eyes and exchange something in a glance that we can't with words. I realize that I want to be with him and