HELLO EVERYONE! I know I've been silent on the Everlark fic world for a good while now. This is my new baby that I've been working on for quite some time, hence the silence. I'm not quite finished with it yet - and it's unlike me to start posting before I'm completely done - but I have good reason. I know exactly how I want it to go, but the motivation to get there is not happening for me. So I figured by posting what I do have (which is a very large chunk) and getting feedback from you all, it'll give me the push I need to finish this monster. I'm so excited to introduce you guys to the new world for Everlark that I've created. I've based it in the town where I grew up, though all the names are of course changed. It's a little different than what I've read before where it's based in Panem, but I hope you guys will like it anyway. You know how I feel about the intimacy of knowing location with my stories. It's very important to me! So I did the best I could with this one. With all that said, enjoy Never Let You Go. :) KATNISS On the first official day of summer, I wake up and the sheets beneath me are drenched and I can hear my little sister blasting the Hannah Montana Movie soundtrack in the room next to mine. The movie is seven years old, she was only four when it came out, but she doesn't care. The song Let's Get Crazy is playing so loud that I can feel the poppy bass inside my veins. I pound on the wall and screw my eyes shut tight. "Shut up !" I shout, dragging the words out for much longer than necessary. "I'm trying to fucking sleep." "Telling Dad you swore!" she calls out over the music, and I pull my covers up over my head. It's not as easy as I hoped to fall back to sleep because of how much I've sweated overnight; there's no air conditioning to speak of in this house. "Shut up," I groan again, and the song switches to Hoedown Throwdown . "I swear to god, I'm going to…" I mutter under my breath, and then throw my covers away and storm up from my bed. In just my underwear and cami, I stomp the four steps between our bedroom doors and throw hers open. She lets out a small shriek, but her face is gleeful. "Turn it down ," I growl, and stalk over to her stereo that had once been mine before I got a used iPhone. Prim is only eight, she doesn't even have an iPod yet and she probably won't for a long time. We don't have that kind of money to throw around. "It's the first day of summer. I'm trying to sleep in." "It's past lunch," she informs me, standing up from her bed. She's dressed in a full hand-me-down outfit; jean shorts and a faded striped shirt with a chest pocket. I had worn those clothes six years prior. "Dad said get up." " You said get up. Dad didn't say anything." "He told me to get you up. So I did." I glare at her. "I don't believe you." Her blue eyes widen. "Ask him! He said so!" She plants her hands on her nonexistent hips. " Dad !" she calls. "Stop!" I extend my arms out straight in efforts to shut her up. "Mom is probably sleeping." "She's always sleeping," Prim says, shrugging, and then Dad appears in the doorway. "What's going on?" he asks. "What's all the noise? Your mother's trying to sleep." I whip my head back around to glare at my little sister. "See. Told you." "You said to wake her up. So I did. And then she said the f-word at me." I close my eyes and clench my fists at my sides. "I did not." "She did so." "Katniss…" Dad sounds exhausted, and I immediately feel responsible. "Primrose. Please." "Dad, I didn't mean…" "It's fine, Kat," he says. "Just get in the shower and get dressed. We gotta go." I follow him out of Prim's room all the way to the top of the stairs. "Go?" I ask. "Go where?" He sighs. "You and your sister are signed up for community ed theater camp." I stop in my tracks. "Wait, what? Theater camp? You're kidding. Dad." He turns around and looks me dead in the eyes, and I can clearly see that he isn't joking. "It's to get you out of the house. You know how long the summers can get when you two are holed up here." "Yeah," I fight back, not letting him escape down the stairs. "That's what summer's supposed to be like. The school year is crazy for me, dad. I work, I do soccer, I do all this stuff, and the summer is the only time I get." He throws up his hands in submission. "Wasn't my idea." "Mom?" I ask snidely. "Seriously. What say does mom have-" "Katniss," he says, stopping me. "Enough. Be ready downstairs in thirty minutes, no buts." I trudge back into my room, careful not to slam the door when I close it. If I did, I'd be in deep shit. In the shower, I go on an inner tirade of everything wrong with this picture. My mom should have absolutely zero say in what Prim and I do this summer because she never does anything with us. If I've heard it once, I've heard it a thousand times that it's not her fault that she's the way she is, but that doesn't change the fact that she shouldn't get to plan our every free moment. I'm mad at my dad at the same time for not sticking up for us. He knows how busy my schedule gets during school. Summer is my only reprieve. I come out of the bathroom squeezing my wet hair into a towel, and see Prim waiting on my bed in the same ratty outfit from earlier. "Prim…" I say, digging around in my dresser. "You need to change clothes." "Why?" she asks. "We're going somewhere. Those are play clothes. Go put on something nicer. How about that old yellow dress of mine?" She sighs softly and stands up, walking past me to go through our bathroom into her own room. When she comes back, she's in the yellow dress with tiny sunflowers printed on it. "And did you sleep in those braids?" I ask, pulling on a fresh pair of underwear under my towel. Prim nods. "Sit down on the floor," I say. "I'm gonna redo them." She tugs at the end of one. "Why?" I sigh exasperatedly, facing my back towards her as I put on a bra. "Because they're all messed up. I'm not letting you go out like that." She sits down on the floor and waits for me as I pull on a pair of cloth black shorts and an army green t-shirt. I twist my hair into a quick, wet French braid and then sit on my bed above Prim so I can quickly separate her hair into two neat braids. "Shower day when we get home," I say gently, patting the top of her head once I'm done. It's my job to not only be her sister, but her mother, too. In the car, I sit in the front seat next to Dad and Prim sits in the back. She, of course, has requested that we listen to Top 40 radio, so the tinny sound of her singing along to Closer by the Chainsmokers is right next to my ear. Prim's music is what we always listen to, so I find myself gravitating to it more than I'd like to admit. My foot is tapping before the song is even halfway over. Dad clears his throat when we're at the stop sign before my high school, where this camp is. "You know the new family that moved in down the street?" he asks. "Yeah," I say, only half paying attention. I have my chin resting in my palm, looking out the window at the rest of the kids not getting dropped off by their dads. I have my license, just not my own car. "Well, I told them that you'd be friendly with their son. His name is Peeta, he's about your age…" "Come on, dad…" I mutter, lifting my head up from my hand. "First theater camp, now I'm being assigned friends." He purses his lips. "It's a nice gesture, Katniss. And you can never have too many friends." "Yes," I say, my hand poised on the door handle as the car comes to a rolling stop. "You can." "Promise me that you'll make him feel welcome," Dad says, ducking his head to keep eye contact with me as I get out of the front seat of the car. "He's standing right by the door. See? The one with the blonde hair over there." Dad waves in his direction, and the guy waves back. "Fine," I say. "Come on, Prim." She holds my hand at first as we walk away from the car, but then spots some friends from school. She drops my hand instantly and runs off to talk to them, her braids flopping and hitting her back with each bounding step she takes. My stomach sinks with dread. The last thing I want to do is make friends at this thing, and I have plenty of friends at school anyway. They're who I want to spend summer with, not a bunch of theater geeks. "Hi," I say once I reach him, and I try to make my voice sound not so glum. "I'm Katniss. My dad said that you're new here." He smiles and I see his Adam's apple bob with the effort. "Yeah," he says, and extends his hand for me to shake. "I'm Peeta Mellark. Nice to meet you." I grip his hand and notice it's practically dripping with sweat. I try to make wiping it on my shorts look inconspicuous. "So, um, why did you sign up for theater camp?" he asks. I lean against the stair railing, settling my weight back into my elbows. "I didn't," I say. "I got told this morning that we were coming here. It wasn't really a 'signup' sort of deal. It was more like a 'get out of the house' sort of deal. My sister, she's over there," I point my finger towards Prim. "She'll have fun. She likes this shit." I shake my head. "I hate it." "Oh, um…" He clears his throat. "I don't really know how I feel about it. I figured I might as well try, you know?" He waits for me to respond, but I don't. "My dad suggested I sign up, and I thought it was a good idea." I nod silently and then notice everyone gathering by the main doors, heading inside as it was about to start. "Guess we better head in," I say. "Wouldn't want to miss anything." We sit in rickety old theater chairs and I keep a watchful eye on Prim as the coordinator speaks. She's sitting with a group of friends, but I make sure not to lose sight of her blonde head anyway. We're broken up by age groups, and Prim gives me a wave before heading off with her people. I'm left in a smaller sized group with Peeta and a handful of other kids our age, ones that I don't recognize from school. They have the homeschooled vibe to them, which makes me instantly standoffish. Peeta, on the other hand, is a natural socialite. He makes conversation that flows easily, and when he feels me watching him, he includes me though I hadn't asked. We all sit in a circle for the first exercise. We already