KATNISS As the four of us girls sat on the dark blue sectional couch in the living room, the warmth radiated in from outside through the open windows. It was Labor Day weekend, and in the streets the neighborhood kids were running off the last heat of summer while myself, my sister, and my two best friends pre-gamed for our last free night before classes started up again. It wasn't as weird as I thought, taking a shot in front of Prim. In fact, when she threw the little glass back, she looked almost more experienced than I did. I narrowed my gray eyes at her. "Don't get too good at this." She gave me a crooked smile, her periwinkle eyes alight with mischief. "No, never," she said, and then threw her head back with laughter. She was already tipsy. I wanted to catch up. I reached out to grab another shot from Johanna, but she pulled her hand away from me. "Slow down," she said, palms up. "We haven't even left yet. You're gonna want to have enough synapses to unlock your phone and call the Uber." She took a strand of my hair between her fingers. "You're already brainless enough dyeing your hair this god-awful red." "It's auburn," Madge said, standing up for me. I scoffed and rolled my eyes. "What the fuck ever," I grumbled, then yanked the tequila out of her grip. "If you'll remember correctly, I just found the love of my life in bed with a Loyola slut." No one had any objections then. Madge rested a hand on my shoulder in solidarity, but I brushed her off. I didn't want sympathy; I was too angry. I wanted to get drunk and forget about the image of Gale in bed with Clove, a spritely girl who looked strikingly like me, except much younger. "She could've been 12," I spat. "He's a pig." "A disgusting pig," Prim said. "You deserve better." "I know that!" I said, throwing my hands up. "I know that." "Fuck men," Johanna said, pouring another round of drinks. "Fuck them all. Seriously, Katniss. That's the best way you can get back at him, just start whoring around like crazy." I raised my upper lip in her direction. "Please," I said. "Why do you think he cheated on me in the first place?" "Because he's a rat bastard?" Madge asked, giggling into her glass. "Well, that," I said, taking a tiny cup from Jo. "And because he would always say, oh, Katniss, you're so pure , you're so different from other girls, blah, blah, blah. I had thought it was a good thing. Shows how fuckin' stupid I am." "Stop it," Prim said, gripping my wrist firmly. "You're not stupid. He's the one who cheated." "Yeah, you're amazing," Madge said, slurring a bit. She pointed a wobbly finger in my direction. "You. Are. Amazing." I rolled my eyes and laughed. "Thanks, Madge." "Okay, I'm done wasting time here with you bitches. I want to fucking dance," Johanna said. "Katniss, call the Uber. We're going." The Uber was much smaller than we anticipated, so Prim ended up having to sit on my lap. I wrapped my arms around her small waist and rested my temple between her shoulder blades, feeling her breathe in and out rhythmically as the buildings whooshed by on Lincoln Avenue on the way to the Gold Coast. It had been Johanna's idea to go to Room Seven. As a group, we had been there a couple times before. Even Prim had been there earlier in the summer, and though I'd spent the entire time worrying about her, she'd had a good time. As we got closer, Prim turned her head so she could talk to me. "Are you okay?" she asked, reaching down and capping a hand over my knee. "I will be," I said quietly, not wanting the other two to hear. Prim was the only person in the world who I shared my emotions with. I used to try now and again with Gale, but that wasn't really his thing. We were alike in that way. We were alike in a lot of ways. "I just need tonight to kind of, I don't know, make me forget about all this shit." "He was never good enough for you," she said, sitting sideways so she could look into my eyes. "Really. I always thought that." "Well, thanks," I said, although her words didn't make me feel much better. Because at one point, he was my everything. We met in our sophomore year at DePaul, where now Prim was going to be a freshman and I was going into my senior year. He was an exercise science major and I was public administration. Our paths would have never crossed if Madge hadn't dragged me to the beginning of the year pep rally where Gale accidentally shoved me over as he roughhoused with the rest of the basketball team outside the gym doors. He gave me a black eye when his elbow hit my face, but for some reason after that we just clicked. I thought he was the one; I really had thought we were going to spend the rest of our lives together. In fact, two nights before I found him in bed with the homewrecker, we had had great sex. I had no idea that anything was wrong. If someone would have told me that two days later I would find her in the bed that I shared with him at his place, I would've laughed and totally ignored it. When I found them, he had begged and pleaded with me; pulling on my wrists and insisting that it had been a one-time thing and she meant nothing to him. The look on her face told me that all that was coming from his mouth were more and more lies. I packed up my stuff right then and left. I hoped I'd never see him again. "He's a piece of shit, Katniss," Johanna said as we pulled up. "Stop fucking thinking about him, because I know you are." I frowned and bit the inside of my cheek. It was hard to think of anything else. We waited in line for a long time before we got to the front and the bouncer let us in. When we got inside, mostly all the lights were off, but the ones that stayed on were blue. They cast a strange light around the place; one that made everything inside seem not totally real. I liked it. I surveyed the area to see if I spotted anyone else I knew, but saw no familiar faces. When I turned back to say something to my group of girls, I found that they had all dispersed; Prim had found someone she recognized from orientation, Johanna was with a girl and Madge was at the bar already chatting up the bartender. And I was left alone. Some friends they were. I made my way over to the bar that Madge wasn't at and ordered a vodka soda, which I downed as quickly as I could. I took the lime off the rim of the glass and rested it on my napkin off to the side. "Another one, please," I said, and one appeared in front of me just like that. I didn't take that one any slower, and as the night passed and I got drunker the little tower of limes I had made became more and more amusing. My head was resting in one palm and I'd totally lost track of time when I saw a tall, sturdy blonde man walking in my direction. He smiled, and I pivoted around to look behind me to see where the lucky girl that he was looking at was. When I turned back around, he was chuckling and making his way through more throngs of people. I pointed to myself and mouthed "me?" He nodded. Holy shit. I felt my palms start to sweat and my heart rate sped up so much that I could feel it from the tips of my toes all the way to the tips of my ears. Once he made it over to me, he leaned against the bar and stuck his hand out. "I'm Peeta," he said. He gestured to the barstool next to me. "Is this taken?" I shook my head no, and attempted a smile. I suddenly felt conscious of my badly dyed hair, my drunkenness, and my less-than-ideal state of mind. I didn't want to meet him like this, but at the same time I was already picturing him naked. He sat down next to me and ordered a drink that I couldn't quite hear, then asked me a question I couldn't quite understand. I smiled in response, and then he picked up the top lime from my pile. "You know, these are the best part," he said. I widened my eyes. "You're fucking crazy," I said. "Help yourself." He popped the limes in his mouth one by one, discarding the rinds on the same napkin he had taken them from. At that point, I was too far gone to carry on much more conversation. I didn't want to let him go, though, and the alcohol was making me surprisingly brazen. I downed the rest of my drink and handed him the lime from it, which he readily took. I noticed that whatever alcohol that had been in his clear glass was gone, too. "I'm not trying to be forward," I said, shouting over the din of the music. "But I can't hear worth shit, I'm drunk off my ass and I really want to get in a car with you." A smile broke onto his face and it made my stomach turn. "Thank god you said something," he said, standing up from the barstool and taking me with him. "I had no idea how I was going to say it without sounding like a pig." PEETA Upon walking in, I knew I was too old for Room Seven. It hadn't been my idea, it had been Finnick's, though he wasn't younger than me by much. We'd been having a shitty few weeks at work – each new grant writer I hired was dropping like a fly before they could make it a month and the kids we helped were suffering because of it. Boys & Girls Clubs in Chicago need a lot of funding, and that was something that we were not getting. And with the school year pressing down on us, it was crucial that our numbers go back up. It was obvious we needed a night to stop worrying about work, so Finnick roped me, Haymitch and Cato to come out and have a good time. All I had done so far was drink way too much and ignore everything that they were saying. Nothing was of much intelligence anyway, and I couldn't keep my eyes off of a girl sitting alone at the bar, hunched over her multiple vodka sodas. She had come in with a group of friends about an hour before; a tall brunette with close-cropped hair and two blondes, one of which looked so much like her in the face that I could only assume that they were sisters. The group dispersed almost immediately and the redhead – I wouldn't even really call her that, it was more of an auburn – sat by herself at the bar. As I drank, it was hard for me to keep track of how many not only I had, but that she had, too. "Who the fuck are you staring at, Peet?" Cato asked, punching my shoulder. "You've hardly said a single thing all night. Did you go mute?" He waved a hand in front of my eyes. "Mute people can still see, dumbass." They all dissolved into a round of cackles at that one. "Go talk to her," Finnick said, after the