hello there, author speaking! I'm starting a new story. A LotR fic. this a LegolasxOc. I reallly thought a lot about this! So I hope you enjoy it.. Have fun reading! xXJuuLXx Italics - elvish! UNderlined - Mind Speaking Disclaimer : I don't own Lord of the Rings, i do owe this plot (not thenth walker, but you know) And i owe the all the oc's While walking on my way home, I thought about a lot of things you know. At the age of 18 I should probably get a car and drive to school, but I enjoyed the walking especially in this area. With all the forests close by. When I just walked here I could think. I had always been different. I loved nature with all my heart, had different sports than most did. My mother introduced it to me at a young age, archery. I always had good aim. She told me to try it out, to do it. I trusted my mother's judgment so I did it. It was horrible.. I hated it and every time to I went it was more an obligation to my mom than that I liked it. My mother of course knew I didn't like it and told me that I could quit now, but oddly I didn't want to. Instead I practiced harder, I had a drive to somehow get better. So it was with everything, being surrounded by nature, there was nothing better than that I thought. I crossed the road when the light turned green, I was different and I knew it. People at school say there can be nobody as pretty and beautiful as me. People say its unnatural to have senses that much sharper than a human. To have grace with everything you do while I don't even try. They say it can't be possible that my voice sounds like this and I can dance like nobody can. Like I told you before I don't even try. I had asked my mom and dad about it a lot. They always looked a bit uncomfortable by the subject and told me I got it from my mom. It's true that my mom has it too, surrounded by nature and even more grace than me, an even prettier voice and if they call me pretty or beautiful than my mom was gorgeous. I stepped on the doormat and struggled to fish my keys from my bags. I had been tired all day, you would say it was normal when I tell you I have insomnia. But somehow that never bothers me. I never feel anything of that. I had it since I was young, when it did bother me to lie still in my bed the whole night, I would crawl in my older brothers bed and nuzzle my face in his blond curls. I finally found my keys and opened the door. ''Mom I'm home!'' I called loudly throwing the door closed behind me. A soft sound that sounded like a frying pan came to my ears. And I walked to the kitchen slowly. I stood in the doorframe just watching her. Her long golden blond straight hair cascading down her back to her hips, around my own hair length, she never wanted me to cut it. Humming a song to herself. Her perfect body that looked like it was 20 turned to me, and her beautiful pale face stared at me with those green eyes that were exactly my color. ''How long have you been standing there?'' She asked in her soft angelic voice. I knew she asked that to embarrass me cause she knows exactly how long I have been standing there. I tried to make an apologize face, but she could always see right through it. I ignored it and tried to distract her with a question when Dave would come visit again, it worked. ''Honey, I know you miss your brother, but he's busy with college. He comes again when he has time!'' She looked a little upset that I brought up the subject. My brother was in the second year of college at the other side of the country, if we thought the first year he would not visit enough we were in deep shit now. I mumbled a small apology. That's when we heard the door open again and there was a deep masculine voice calling the same thing I said 20 minutes ago. ''In the kitchen.'' I yelled right back and I heard him chuckle a bit. The first thing I saw was his red head full with curls that represented my hair and then his beautiful grey eyes that only he possessed with that spark that we shared full of mischief. I hugged him and asked him about work. My mom and dad shared a kiss before getting in a conversation. Totally ignoring me. I walked to my room, halfway there I felt a throb in my head and I groaned. I had a pretty high pain tolerance for a human, with archery the string would sometimes slap across your hand or arms, I stabbed myself with a knife sometime on accident and hadn't even realized it. Another throb and another and another, I felt dizzy and grabbed hold on the stairs and slowly made my way in the room. With a groan I plopped on the bed. There was something weird, I felt like I was… OH MY GOD! I was falling, like I fell through my bed or something, my ears were buzzing and I could hardly see. It felt like I fell for a really long time. I shot up in a bed again. This was not my bed, it was way too large for that and to white. I looked down and saw I was wearing a white nightgown in my head I asked myself if I even had a nightgown like that I decided that I didn't. I looked across the room and almost let out a scream, this was not my room. Don't panic, don't panic I reminded myself in a mantra. I stood up on the cold floor with my bare foot and wobbled a little. I could hear footsteps, I could see further than I thought ever to possible like slight curves in the wood that was on the other side of the small room. I grabbed my hair and examined it, it was the same as always for a second I thought I was someone else. A head full of red curls. Okay I was still me, good. I searched frantically in the room for a mirror. Not that I loved watching at myself, but I needed to see if I changed. I was searching like a madman. And then I saw it a shimmer, I grabbed it and calmed myself. I looked the same, my eyes looked a little bit clearer then I remembered, but I looked overall still the same, pale skin, with bright emerald green eyes, I didn't look taller or shorter than my 5.5, a few barely noticeable freckles on my nose bridge and of course my head full of bright red curls that looked a little wild from the sleeping and the panic. I calmed instantly when I saw no apparent change physically. But when I brushed back curl after my ears I saw a point and I felt it too. I let out a small scream. I heard hurried footsteps just out the door and 3 maids came running in. They were all beautiful. Skinny, pale and perfect body, long hair and clear eyes. ''Are you alright? What is it? Is everything fine my Lady?'' They spoke with angelic worried voices, and I just asked myself what they were doing as maids when they were that pretty. Did I end up at a rapers house or brothel were they only want pretty girls, with elf ears. Somewhere in my mind it clicked that they were still asking questions and were moving me back to the bed slowly. ''I'm fine, please just call me Nya. Where am I?'' My voice sounded gruff and a little bit hoarse and I asked myself how long I had been sleeping. I hoped it was just a nightmare, that I would wake up. I pinched myself, I felt my nails digging in my skin and when I felt blood drop from it. I snapped my eyes open hoping to be home, but I just saw the same sight as before. The maids were panicking over that small drop of blood. I cleared my throat and it sounded loud over the maids worries, I just felt that I was really thirsty. ''Can I have some water please?'' The maids panicking stopped immediately I knew my voice was just a whisper, but they still heard and I asked myself if they really could hear that well. One maid skipped away and returned a few seconds later. I accepted the glass and downed it in one gulp. ''Can someone please tell me where I am?'' I asked the question the plagued my mind since I woke up. ''you are in Lothlórien, My Lady.'' One piped up, her voice sounded small and insecure and had a small accent I never heard before. Where the heck was Lothlórien? ''We were assigned to make you ready for Lady Galadriel when you woke up.'' She added. Who is Lady Galadriel, that was what I wanted to ask. Yet they were already busy preparing me, one was preparing a bath, the other was getting food and the other something about deciding what I was going to wear told the maid from before, why was she the only one speaking?. I knew instantly that Lady Galadriel –who ever that was- Was important, and I had to be formal, patient, respective and charming. Not my best side especially the patient when it came to answers. When my skin touched the warm water I felt my stress disappear, this felt like the best bath ever. The maid never left my side and I was a bit embarrassed, but she was nice and complimented me. I learned her name was Lúthien, which I couldn't pronounce at first and had to be repeated and corrected 4 times. She washed my hair, scrubbed my body and even toweled me off. In the end my face was almost as red as my hair by embarrassment. Before I knew it I was on my bed again, a plate full of food appeared in front of me. Someone was brushing and doing my hair, the one of the outfit Merenwen I had learned from Láthien. Was stuck between 3 dresses. Wait what dresses? No, no, no, no I was not wearing a dress, but that would mean that I would not impress this Lady Galadriel and meant no answers. I sighed internally for defeating so easily and forgave myself a minute later. The food was delicious and was stuffed in my mouth in 3 minutes. The maid that brought the food was not in the room I just noticed so I couldn't thank her properly. Láthien was done with my hair and luckily she just brushed and flatted it, no difficult braids or ties in my hair. The light green gown was put on first, it didn't cover my tattoo. It was just a small arrow on my shooting hand and since I was a leftie with archery it was on my left arm on my forearm almost next to my elbow on the inside. They freaked out when they saw it. I just assured them it was nothing dangerous. There were only two gowns left. One royal blue with small gold details and one withe gown. The royal blue was first, it didn't fit with my hair was my opinion. I didn't really like it. The withe gown was simple but hugged my curves, it my made my hair look even redder than it