In the dead of night, Clove leaned with a shoulder pressed against the broad glass wall that separated her from the rainbow like city of the Capitol. The monumental stone buildings glow soft changing colors, that seemingly touch all areas of the spectrum. The dark of the night is drowned by the balls of light that bubble from their lofty forms. The light of the stars has been replaced by white, flickering lights that dot the wide streets below the towering structures of the city. Clove watches the animated citizens that saunter the streets with aversion. They pass from shop to shop- the dazzlingly bright colors of their hair and bodies giving them the illusion of aliens from another world. Though, perhaps it wasn't an illusion- these people were from another world. Despite her home being the second wealthiest district, Clove couldn't say it had been anything close to this. These creatures of the Capitol would look entirely out of place in her world of stone houses built along steep mountainsides, and muscular masons with worn skin, hunched over their work like brooding giants. Food may have been plentiful in District Two, but life there was still hard, with days full of arduous, and often begriming labor. Even the young faces of the aristocrats who trained alongside her in the academy could not match up to this entirely new race of people; these ignorant little twits who knew nothing of pain. There could scarcely be found a hardship to weigh on their senseless lives. As she watches them, Clove rubs her thumb against the hilt of the knife clenched in her hand. Lyme would have been displeased if she had noticed when Clove slipped it into her boot as their dishes were being taken away at dinner. She probably would have thought Clove was going to use it to kill Cato, or their escort, or anyone else really. While Clove had mused about those possibilities, murder actually wasn't her intention; not tonight, anyway. The knife was only something to play with on sleepless nights. Clove was no stranger to these. Her inability to sleep for longer than one or two hours at a time used to disturb her greatly. Even now, there were still many nights spent viciously tossing and turning, and staring into the red glow of a clock. For reasons unknown to her, her struggles with sleep had started when she was very young. As a child, she would wander into her town, roaming from alleys to the various grey, stone buildings, and pattering with bare feet down the chilled floors of their long hallways. But eventually, she learned to live with it. As she grew, she took to practicing with various weapons- her precious knives being chief among them. Clove's lack of sleep had a minimal impact on her daily functioning, or at least as far she could tell. Sometimes, however, voices that weren't there would whisper into her ears. Sometimes, she would even respond to them. But she brushed these occurrences off as simply being small mysteries- trivialities. Besides, after one years' Hunger Games in particular, she had begun to think sleep was something she was better off without. A boy from District 5 had managed to win by stalking his opponents, and waiting for them to fall asleep before he killed them. Clove had thereby come to the conclusion that sleep was another liability- a state of ultimate vulnerability. Though sometimes, she found herself wondering what a dream would be like, or even a nightmare. The cool silence hanging in the air of her suite was suddenly broken by the sound of light breathing, and the crack of an ankle bone. Cato didn't sleep well either. Instantly, she hated herself for jumping at the noise. That had been his goal after all- to at least intimidate, let alone frighten her by moving soundlessly until he was right at her back. It was just to make a point that she could have been at his mercy. If this had been the arena, he could have sliced her throat, or skewered her straight through the heart. So many of their interactions were of this nature; one trying to unnerve the other. It was childish, but after all, were they not still children? Cato peers over her now tense shoulder to look at the "borrowed" steak knife that's encased securely in her hand. " And what do you think you're going to do with that? ", the alto of his voice rumbles in her ears like a tremor. There was something in his tone that told her he had a clue as to what was running through her mind at dinner. Her heart is blasting the blood through her veins, but she keeps her back to him. The wood beneath her bare feet gives slightly as he shifts his weight and creeps closer. " Stealing silverware now? ", he continues, " That seems a little desperate. " His voice is playfully condescending, but Clove doesn't miss the trace of malevolence underlying his teasing tone. She could almost hear the sneer on his face before turning to actually see it. Cato towers over her in height and width a considerable amount. They are close enough that she has to raise her chin to meet his eyes. " At least I'm not breaking it ", she breathes. The knife feels light in her hands as she places it to his abdomen, moving upward and grazing it across the defining line between the two fan-shaped muscles of his chest with deliberate slowness. She feels his muscles tensing under the blade, but she continues trailing it upwards. But when the blade reaches the curve of his thick neck, his fingers quickly latch around her wrist. Clove pauses, and watches him. The protrusion his throat rises and falls as he swallows. His skin puffs slightly around sharp edge with delicate softness, as if it is pushing into a pillow instead of his neck. Her vision has started to darken again, black closing in on Cato from the peripheries. What had started off as a game of sorts was turning into something else entirely. Clove finds herself enraptured with the moment. A buzz of excitement tingles its way up her spine, and throughout the the rest of her body, flowing down her arms and lingering in her fingertips. Her jaw clenches tightly in focus, and her eyes widen slightly at the thought of spilling his blood. All it would take is one push. She could do it. So she did. With just a faint movement of her wrist, the blade sinks further into the soft cushion of Cato's skin. If he hadn't been holding her back, she could have slashed it all the way across, splattering his blood onto the pale walls in a contrasting spray of glistening red. Cato's thick fingers suddenly constrict around her thin wrist with potent force. A gasp from the harsh pressure exerted on her wrist escapes Cloves mouth before she has time to control it, and her fingers promptly loosen from around the hilt of the knife, which slips and drops to the floor. Her other hand, which she only now notices has been clenching the fabric of Cato's thin shirt, was quick to fly to his face in defense, only to be caught by the deadly fingers of his other hand as well. The glow of the Capitol lights radiates through the massive glass window, as it softly transitions from violet to a bright red. The glare reflects into Cato's vacant eyes as they weigh down into Clove's. An involuntary cry escapes her lips unchecked as his grip tightens, but this time she couldn't even bring herself to care. Like a trapped animal, she had reverted to basic instinct, struggling against his grasp to save her wrists before they shattered. The hard line of his mouth bends into a smile at the sight of her desperation. " I'd be careful with that thing if I were you ", he mocks in a raspy whisper. He inches closer, forcing her body against the wall next to the glass. All her eyes can take in are his broad shoulders and neck, which was now marked with a thin, red line. She grits her teeth and tries her best to sound threatening, and to keep the pain from showing in her voice, " Get off of me, Cato ", she spits with derision. He moves his chiseled face in front of hers, tilting it just slightly enough for his hot breath to brush her over lips. He lowers his blonde eyelashes over his pale orbs, keeping them locked on her dark onyx ones. Clove had never seen his features display this expression- one that could only be described as somewhere between lethargic and seductive. " Or what? ", he taunts in a low voice. The corners of his mouth curve upwards into an impish smirk, and he gives her wrists another hard squeeze, which makes the right one crack. The pain was suddenly unbearable; he was going to break her wrists. Tears of agony spring to Clove's pinched eyes as she bites down hard on her lip to keep from screaming. " I could kill you", he breathes. " Right now, I could kill you. It would be so easy to just snap that pretty little neck of yours, but that would be a waste, when instead... ". Cato's voice trails off, as his eyes flicker around her face. His hips are pressed against her, keeping Clove trapped against the wall. As he begins to loosen his right hand's stifling grip on her left wrist, she attempts to wriggle around him, but to no avail. He quickly spreads open his left hand to restrain both of her wrists, and moves his foot over hers, crunching down. Clove instinctively draws her foot back, bumping back into the wall, and giving a perfunctory groan through clenched teeth. His right hand, now free, reaches for her throat. She squirms as his hot fingers slip around the smooth skin of her neck and squeeze lightly, as if he was considering choking her. But they loosen again. Dark eyes follow his hand, perturbed, as his fingers slowly travel further down, grazing against her collar bones, and stopping at the middle of her night shirt. A disturbing sense of unease is quickly settling in. "What...?" Clove begins, looking as his hand clutches the silky, emerald material. She pauses in her tracks when her eyes fall on the front of Cato's pants, where a large and obvious bulge had formed a tent in the soft cotton. She only now notices it prodding at her lower stomach. Her eyes flit back up to his face, her lips parted in a silent, panicked gasp. This was another expression she hadn't seen before; she wishes that she hadn't. Cato's tongue slides across his lower lip hungrily . Clove freezes slightly when she meets his icy, feral eyes again. They appear strangely glazed- leering almost. Cato takes advantage of her momentary distraction, using it as an opportunity to free up his left hand, which held her wrists. He hastily moves it to the other side of her night shirt, and grabs another clump of the fabric. In one swift motion, he gives a hard tug to the sides of Clove's shirt. It flies open, exposing a flat, pale stomach. The sound of its metal buttons tapping the floor sparks an inward flare that snaps Clove back into action. "Get the hell away!" She jabs her knee into Cato's bulging groin as hard she can. He promptly shoves her down and staggers back some steps, howling and cradling his injured crotch. The dull thud of Clove landing hard on her side rattles the air along with Cato's voice. Clove begins scrambling to her feet, with Cato doubled over several feet away, hissing obscenities. The knife she stole at dinner still lies on