Chapter One; His love is unknown Author's note: Scenes may include coarse language and sexual references. I do not own the characters nor any of the familiar content to the 'Twilight' series. "You ignorant, son of a-" Jacob cut me off and grabbed my fist that I flung at him, as I tried to hit his smug face. "Now that isn't very good language coming from a young lady." Jacob smirked. "Go to hell, Jacob." I swore as I swung my fist at him again which he dodged easily once more. "Miss me, miss me now you have to kiss me," he chanted childishly, taunting me as he grabbed my hips and pushed me up against the nearest tree. I was breathing heavily or more accurately described as panting as I looked up at the undergrowth and decided on a course of action. Jacob pressed some of his weight against me and I didn't quite understand why until I felt something hard pressed into me at our waists. As I glanced down, he pulled back quickly, feeling awkward about it I pushed him with all my strength and he fell to the ground. I was about to jump on him like a wrestler from the ropes when I heard clapping come from behind me. Like a mixture of a deer caught in the headlights and a predator caught stalking its prey, I seized up and my muscles froze in a defensive yet frightened stance. As I heard the familiar laugh my tension vanished and I smirked as Emmett 'tough-guy routined' it towards me with a swagger and puffed out chest walk. "Not what I call a feisty fight but-" Emmett began. "I was just getting started until I was rudely interrupted." I replied. "Yeah, I don't remember inviting you leech." Jacob spat. "Well I thought someone should be trying to teach her to fight properly rather than get molested by a dog." Emmett smirked down at Jacob as he began to rise up from the ground in rage. Nine years since I was born and you would think they would get along better, I thought. "Whoa, okay time out." I said firmly putting up my hands in a "T" sign and then pushing Jacob back to the ground in one fluid motion. "No one is starting a fight today!" I glared at Emmett. "Well I thought someone should because there isn't anything going on here worth knowing about." He turned to leave but then Jacob got up and spat 'leech' under his breath and that's when the situation lost control. Just as my Mum pulled up in her all too expensive car to pick me up; a hurtling yell came out from behind me as Jacob was being thrown across the forest into a near by lake. Mum strode over to me with a glance that was like 'what the hell?' I innocently shrugged my shoulders with hands folded behind my back and twisting my left foot disturbing the ground beneath it. "I leave you for three quarters of an hour to come back and find Emmett and Jacob in the midst of a war… and you-" just then she was cut off by a growl and a flash as we both look behind us to see a large wolf on top of Emmett. Mum sighed rubbing her forehead with her hand. "What happened to Jasper?" She asked, "I left you here with Jasper and Jacob to train." "I know Mum, I'm just not so good at it and Jasper kind of got impatient… with me not being…with me…" "What?" Mum inquired. "With me being too strong and breaking his finger…" She burst out laughing and placed a hand on my shoulder, reeling me into her arms hugging me tightly. "I'm sure your father will like to hear that one when he gets back." "Is Daddy not back at Grandfather's house?" "No, he has gone out to see an old friend; he should be back tomorrow though." Yelling and growling was going on behind us, and I felt like dunking them both in the lake. "Can it be fixed?" I asked Mum, she tore her eyes off the fight and gave me a look of confusion, "Jasper's finger?" I continued. "Yes hun." She smiled like it was a silly question. "Okay, good. I was scared that it couldn't be fixed because it…" "Looks like broken glass and crystal?" Mum finished. I nodded solemnly and she hugged me tighter. "Be right back," she said, as she kissed my head. I turned around to see her prying Jake and Emmy apart with ease, holding her hands out between them, scolding them for acting so irresponsibly when I was right there. As Jake disappeared off into the woods to change, Emmett ruffled my hair saying "sorry kiddo" as he passed me. I slapped his hand away. "I'm not a kid!" I growled. "To us you still are, technically you are only eight," he laughed, as he held up his hands shrugging his shoulders and walked backwards it the direction of Grandma and Grandpa's house. "It's almost nine, you idiot. Do I look nine?" I growled. But he was already gone at inhuman speed. "No hun. You are a beautiful teenage girl." Mum said smiling as she put her arm around my shoulders as we walked to the car. Back home in our cottage; Mum started up dinner as she hummed away. "Shoot!" Mum snapped and whisked around, "I forgot…urgh something…" Her eyes widened and she bit her lip the way she did when she was hiding something. Mum was easy to read and a terrible liar, Daddy always told me to be mindful of that fact and to pretend to believe her for her sake. So I did most times but curiosity killed the cat and that's why the Easter bunny, Santa and the tooth fairy didn't last long, well that and the fact I grew so quickly. "Mum?" I glanced at her inquisitively. "I just realised…I had left something at Alice's…" she glanced around as if looking to the furniture for help. "Alice?" I asked. "Yes." She said quickly snatching up her purse and keys. Mum liked to drive everywhere; she says it's to make my life as normal as possible, but we all know she secretly loves driving the Volvo Daddy got her. As she turned off the elements on the stove she kept turning around in circles as if checking she hadn't forgotten anything. I glanced up from my homework, watching her scratch her head as if she couldn't decide something. I shook my head and pushed myself up from the couch, "Mum?" She didn't appear to have heard me. I walked over to her placing my textbook down on the dining table as I did. I grabbed her hands and she looked up at me startled. "What's wrong?" I asked. Her shoulders sagged as she sighed. "I don't want to leave you here alo-" she cut off as she looked up. I knew she smelt something. I perked up my senses and smelt wolf. "It's just Jacob, Mum." She didn't seem any happier. Lately since I started developing into a young woman my parents didn't like Jake being alone with me. "Oh come on Mum." Jake didn't come in the house as I him expected him to; he must have been still in his wolf form, just taking security patrol. "Mum." I glared. This was ridiculous, "Didn't you have somewhere to be?" "No it can wait until your father gets back." "But Jake won't let anyone come anywhere near five miles of me." "Yes, that's what I'm afraid of," she glowered. "It can wait," she decided. She picked up her cell and called Alice as she disappeared into her bedroom and closed the door behind her. She knew I could still hear her even if she whispered so she kept her conversation to the brief. "Yeah I can't be there. Yes. No. Yep. Don't even think about it." She mumbled to Alice, my ears perked to the sound of a low grumble outside, I went to go talk to Jake but then the sound of a door opening had me stopped in my tracks. "Stay here," she growled and stormed outside. "Mum-" but then she slammed the front door making the whole house tremble and groan. I still wondered to this day how this cottage stands. Mum was never this angry and to be honest for the first time I feared her and not in a 'Mum will ground me' type way but in a 'Is she going to murder Jake right now?' type way. I listened carefully but heard nothing, thinking they had gone out of hearing range I turned the front door's knob slowly and peered out from behind the door and saw nothing but a blooming garden either side of the stone pathway, and tall trunk trees with bushy tops that created a roof over the area, as if shielding me from the outside world. I dared myself outside along the pathway, finding no more evidence of where Mum was. I looked to my left to find her car still here and came to the conclusion she'd probably ripped his head off for no good reason but like any mother she was over protective. 'She'd probably killed Jake and was burying him right now' I thought and smiled to myself. Jake was like a big brother always getting into mischief. One time he spoke through a loud intercom at school; all just to embarrass me. Jake loudly announced that I needed to report to the office over the intercom which was for principal notices and emergencies. This however was while I was in science class and if his ways of getting me out of class wasn't embarrassing enough he then added in a very deep voice 'she's been a very, very naughty girl.'. Completely humiliated, all the students began laughing and some boys even began talking about me in the back, I ran out of class as soon as I could, just to see him been thrown out of the office by the desk receptionist and him laughing his ass off. Oh god never has my mum been so mad, but that was the only example I could think of, of her being this mad. Would she really get this mad about him fighting with Emmett? Curling back on the couch I stretched out and started to worry. I called Daddy in the mean time and only got his voicemail so I curled up with my textbook and finished my homework. An hour later I looked up at the clock as the little bird popped out of its box indicating the meaning of another hour gone by. Eight o'clock, Mum has been gone for just over two hours now and I started to worry. I tried her cell and heard it ringing in her bedroom. 'Great Mum, that's just great.' I thought. What was the point of having a phone if you never keep it with you? Looking back at the clock, I tucked my knees against my chest and wrapped my arms around them. I didn't understand what was taking her so long. Just then my tummy grumbled and I groaned, Daddy was in the process of teaching me how to cook but I spent more time reading the recipes instead of making the food. I wasn't really that practical. As plain as a white page I was an obvious bookworm, never taking my nose out of them, it was said to be annoying at the best of times, but it made me a straight A student when my parents let me attend school when I looked sixteen. I wasn't growing as much now, my growth spurts were slowing down, and I wasn't outgrowing everything in a week. I reached down rummaging through pots and pans and ending up with my hands over my ears