Elf Café and Mairon's Manor Míleth, Elíl, and Lir are back with their ships for another chaotic, humor-filled adventure! Join us as we attempt to break the big news to our parents, raise Beleg and Maeglin, cuddle Mairon some more, help Feänor get reborn- and get Maedhros shipped!? And what is this new task we've been given? I'm BACK! *throws open door dramatically* *crickets chirp* okay... *coughs awkwardly* apologies... Anyways, and we're back with another cracky, utterly insane fic of magnificently hilarious proportions! I can't wait! *shrieks* I know many of you have been waiting anxiously... And I wasn't going to upload till much later but... You guys wouldn't leave me alone... And I was put through so many guilt trips, so... I decided to update now. *laughs awkwardly* So disclaimer for the rest of this fic: I OWN NADA BUT MÍLETH AND HER BIOLOGICAL PARENTS. Elíl owns herself, that is Evangeline Pond, Lir (Aegliriel) also owns herself, that is WoodElfJedi, and I also forgot to mention that I own the names of Elíl's 'biological parents.' Anyways, enough with my rambling, please enjoy.. And review? *puppy eyes* Chapter 1 I snorted. "Feänor's making trouble. Why am I not surprised?" I asked sarcastically, throwing up my hands. Then I collapsed on the couch in the living room, groaning. Moryo sat next to me, wrapping an arm around me comfortingly. Mairon climbed into my lap, reaching up to kiss my cheek. I sighed. "You'll be fine, stop complaining." Moryo said, rolling his eyes at me with an unimpressed look. I rolled my eyes back. "I love you too, Moryo." I said amusedly, and he glared at me. "I told you not to say that in public!" He hissed. Elíl and Lir giggled as I leaned over, kissing his cheek. "What did you say, now, Moryo?" I asked sweetly. He stood up and stalked off as the rest of the family laughed at him riotously. I wriggled my fingers at him with a grin. "Well. Looks like I have to go. Elíl, any messages?" I asked standing up. Beleg and Maeglin attached themselves to me. I raised an eyebrow at them. They hugged me and then let go. "Come back soon muinthel." Maeglin begged. I smiled and kissed his hair. "I will, hanno." I replied fondly. "Be good, yonya, okay?" I asked, kissing Beleg's cheek. He nodded. "Yes Naneth." He said, and I smiled. "Good." "Just tell my parents that I can't wait to see them soon." Elíl replied with a smile. I nodded. "Gotcha." I answered, then hefted Mairon onto my hip. "Coming with, sweet?" He nodded happily, chewing on a piece of candy, and I kissed his cheek. "Good. Let's go then." And I thought us away to the halls of Mandos. ... "Maaaasterrrr!" I hollered, wandering through a random hallway. *Good grief- oh, here, Padawan.* Nàmo led me to a room. I opened the door- and ducked as a vase flew over my head. "#%&$%$#&! Nàmo, get OUT!" A voice roared. *Master... Maybe you should take his advice. I'll take it from here.* I suggested tentatively. *Good luck with this one.* Was his annoyed reply, and I rolled my eyes. I closed the door, and Mairon sneaked over to the bed in the room. I stood up, dodging flying books. "Prince Curufinwë Feänàro Finwion. May I ask you a question?" My voice was calm. The ufo's abruptly stopped flying about. And I came face to face with my adopted father. He had dark, almost raven locks of hair, with amber eyes and fair, creamy skin. It seems as though Caranthir took after his looks quite a bit- only, in my opinion, Feänor looked a lot like he would make a really good dad or even big brother. Too bad he wasn't before. Pity. I could just see him humming and tying up little Pityo's hair... "Who are you?" Feänor asked bluntly, with suspicion in his voice. I surveyed him calmly, gauging his reactions. "I am Míleth, your adopted daughter, Maia under lord Nàmo." I replied calmly. Feänor stared at me. "So you're the one that some of my sons went to visit. Celine, was your name?" He asked haughtily. My lips quirked. Okay. So he was aware of me. "Yes, Ata. Yes, I am." I answered politely. He raised an eyebrow at the familiar form of address but didn't dispute it. "Hmm. An unusual one, are you? Well. What was your question?" He demanded. I stifled a snort. Oh my Valar, this was my dad!? *See?* Nàmo complained. I sighed. *This will be a toughie.* out loud: "would you like to send a letter to Naneth, Ata?" He stared at me like my eyes had changed color. Oh wait, that's kind of already there... Never mind. "... Come again?" "Do you want to write a letter to Naneth, Ata?" I repeated. He blinked. "I suppose." He answered, a bit faintly. I raised an eyebrow. "Of course. Then I shall wait for you to finish it, Ata." And so saying, I sat down on the bed and began to play with Mairon. After a moment of just standing there, Feänor went over to the desk and opened the drawer. Then he sat down and began to write. I smiled. *Thats a first. I don't ever remember him like THAT.* Nàmo muttered. *What is it about you that makes people so off-guard, yeldë?* *... Because I'm your daughter?* There was a swat to my head as I heard Irmo began to laugh himself silly. *Perfect punchline, niece!* *Irmo, you stay out of this!* I was snickering my head off. *Thank you, uncle.* I retorted smugly. Nàmo groaned. Feänor stood up again, and I looked up. Then I stood and walked over. "Do you expect a reply, Ata?" I asked, taking the envelope from his hand and tucking into my robe. He blinked. "Ah- perhaps not. I do not know." Was his reply. I nodded. "Of course, Ata. I will return with a reply if there is one." I said with a bow, and then reached over and hugged Feänor. He stiffened. "I love you Ata! See you soon!" And with that, I grabbed Mairon and disappeared. *... I think he's shocked, Yeldë. He's just sitting there and blinking.* Nàmo noted with professional interest. *Really? Hmmm. My hugs must be awesome.* I grinned. Mairon giggled. I reappeared in front of the house where Nerdanel stayed, and raised a hesitant hand. Then my hand dropped. *Whats wrong yeldë?* Nàmo asked. *I'm scared, Ata. What will she say? Will she like me? Will she approve of me? Oh my Valar...* I started to panic. Then the door opened. I was face-to-face with an elleth that had red hair, green eyes, and an exhausted, sad sort of smile on her face. I blinked. "Greetings." Nerdanel's voice was gentle. Now I know where Nelyo gets his voice from. I blowed hastily. "Greetings... Naneth. I- I bring a missive from Ata." I stammered, handing her the letter. She stared down at the name on it, and then looked up at me. Her eyes bored into me, and I looked back into them. Her eyes were pretty. "So you are the one who took care of my sons while they were away." Nerdanel said softly, studying me with a small smile. I blushed. "It was a pleasure to, Naneth." I replied, scuffing my foot against the ground. "I- I love them very much. They have become family..." I looked at her uncertainly. "I know that they want to see you, but they're unsure of what you will say." I trailed off. She stepped forwards and placed a hand on mine. "Thank you." She whispered. "I love them very much, all of them. I want to see them as well." I smiled and dared to give her a hug. "I think that can be arranged. We wouldn't mind if you moved in with us, Naneth." I said softly. She hugged me back gently. "Thank you, dear. I would like that." She said, and her smile this time was a little less sad. "And thank you for the letter." She added. I nodded with a smile, hefting Mairon on my lap. "It was not a problem, Naneth. If you want to write a reply then you may. I will see that it gets to Ata. I'll go make arrangements for you to move in with us as well." I added. She nodded. "Thank you-" she gave me a puzzled look and I blushed. "Pardon. My name is Míleth." I said with a smile. She nodded. "Of course, Míleth. Thank you again." And the door closed. I thought myself away. *... That was... Interesting.* I muttered. *Very. Well. Are you going to help your parents or not?* Nàmo replied. I moaned. *I really don't love you right now, master.* Chuckle. *Now, you know you don't mean that yeldë. Now, hurry up, shoo. They're in the west wing and first room, since they're not going to the Timeless Halls just yet.* Nàmo replied, and then disappeared. I sighed, dragging my feet to the room and standing in front of it. I stared morosely at the door. I did miss my parents, but... I still don't know how to tell them that I'm engaged, that I'm a Maia under lord Nàmo, and that they need to be reborn as elves and everything else... Oh my Valar. Mairon hugged me. "It'll be okay, onònë. Come on! Let's go in." He bounced excitedly on my hip, and I smiled at him. "Got it, Mairon." I laughed, and then decided to shift into human form. My hair was still down to my waist, I was still dressed in my apprentice tabard, and my ears were now round. Then I took a deep breath, and opened the door. The door shut behind me, and I shifted Mairon on my hip. I looked up. There were four people staring at me, very familiar people. Then there was a cry. "Celine!" And I was smothered in two people's arms. I began to laugh happily, tears streaming down my cheeks as I hugged them back. "Mom! Dad!" I exclaimed, and then pulled back. Mom was crying, though she looked a little funny with no body and just her feä floating about. Dad looked the same as ever, though he too was merely a feä. In fact, they looked disconcertingly younger. I raised an eyebrow. "Looks like the process has already started." I said with a smile, then turned to Elíl's parents. "Hi Mr. Jonathan, Mrs. Carrie! It's good to see you. Elíl sends her greetings and says that she can't wait to see you again." I waved. They smiled at me and came to give me a hug too. "Thank you, Celine. Where is she?" Mrs. Carrie asked. "I'm sorry she couldn't come, but only those who serve under lord Nàmo are allowed to enter the halls of Mandos." I answered with an apologetic smile, and they blinked. "Serve under who? Halls of what?" Mr. Jonathan asked. "And why are you not an elf, dear?" Mom queried. "What do you mean the process has already started?" Dad asked. I raised a hand, laughing. Mairon giggled. "Okay okay wait please! I'll answer your questions, but first, let me introduce you to Mairon, formerly known as Sauron." I said with a wink at dad, who returned it and reached over to ruffle the little Maia's hair. "Nice to see you again, Mairon." He said, and he smiled back and waved shyly, burying himself into my side. I kissed his head as mom and Aunt Carrie 'awwed.' "Atto, could we please have some chairs?" I queried into seeming thin air, and in response five chairs appeared. "Ah, Hannon lle Atto. Tye melin." I smiled, and there was a faint chuckle from nowhere and everywhere. The four parents turned white, and I suddenly remembered the effect that Atto had one humans and hustled them into