Esto Perpetua Chapter 1 – The Last Vestiges Of Peace UNDERGOING EDITS - LATEST CONTENT AS OF 26/10/2016 IS FROM CHAPTER 21 ONWARDS. Explain using examples, the difference in intent and incantation between the Animagus transformation and Trans-species switching spells. Sirius Black grinned down at this final question of the Transfiguration O.W.L paper, and proceeded to answer it in his customary elegant hand. Minutes ticked by as he finished, checked his paragraphs, and turned the paper over to read through the rest of the answers already completed. Satisfied, he scribbled his name and index number on the cover-slip and shook out his quill, spattering minute drops of dark blue ink over the desk as he did so. Finally setting his exam paper face down on the desk, massaging cramped fingers, he glanced around the hall at his friends. James appeared to have finished too, he was absent-mindedly scribbling something on an extra sheet of paper – Sirius smiled inwardly, he could make a good guess as to what it was – and grinning at Lily Evans, who was seated two rows in front of him. She seemed to feel his gaze on her back; she tensed her shoulders and scowled, keeping her eyes determinedly on the parchment in front of her. Remus was arranging his ink and quills on the desk, in ascending order of length and colour, Sirius noted amusedly. Peter was chewing his nails, forehead beaded with sweat, and scribbling feverishly on his own parchment, pausing now and then to glance desperately at Ravindra Patil's paper. Sirius yawned and made a face at the giant grandfather clock that stood on the platform in front of the hall. It said that there were still seven minutes before the papers would be collected. He glanced stealthily at McGonagall, who was the supervisor that day – but thankfully she was busy conjuring tissues for Sarah Fawcett who was having a sneezing fit – and hissed, hard, at Marlene McKinnon, who was seated diagonally from him, hoping she would hear him and turn around. No such luck. She kept her head down, and stared demurely at the desk. Sirius groaned and slumped in defeat. He caught McGonagall looking at him; lips pursed in disapproval, and hastily arranged his face into what he hoped was a neutral expression. He didn't think she'd be fooled, though. There wasn't anything else he could do to attract McKinnon's attention, so he fidgeted in his seat, marking time with his foot, and focused his attention on her long, dark brown French braid. Ding…dong…ding…dong… at last the clock sounded the end of the hour. "The examination is now over. Quills down, please, and remain seated until I collect all your papers." Professor McGonagall's stern tones had never been more welcome. Sirius leapt out of his seat as soon as she had collected all their rolls of parchment, heaved his bag over his shoulder and ran down the aisle to greet James and Remus. "Thank Merlin that's an end to the damned O. ," he breathed, slapping James across the back, and taking in the gigantic grin and tousled hair of his best friend. James had always had an infectious smile, and Sirius felt his own lips splitting into an answering grin. "What do you think, Prongs? Transfiguration's your subject, after all." "Easy as they come, mate. Had to finish off with an Animagus question too, didn't they? And it's just as much your subject as it is mine, Padfoot. You were the first to master the transformation, you know." James lowered his voice at the last bit, and cocked his head to look around: Evans was leaving the Hall, accompanied by McKinnon and two other girls. James eyed Evans' retreating back thoughtfully, and then grinned. "Do you think she'd give me a cuddle if I turned into Prongs? Girls love animals, and I'm irresistible after all." He straightened up, almost unconsciously, and both Sirius and Remus chuckled. "I wouldn't bet on it," Remus told him with a snort. "The antlers are likely to put her off. Padfoot might have a chance, though. I know that Lily likes dogs." "That's true Prongs. Your antlered visage can't hold a candle to my liquid puppy-eyes!" He then proceeded to demonstrate the same, eliciting coos and murmurs from a few people who had caught sight of the expression in passing. The three of them laughed, and James tossed Sirius a two-fingered salute. Sirius snickered good-naturedly and slung an arm around James, leading them to their usual spot by the lake. Peter caught up to them at last, panting and still tucking the last of his stationery into his bag. He slung himself down next to James, sitting just a tad closer than was strictly necessary – something that made Sirius raise an eyebrow, and upon looking at Remus, saw that it hadn't escaped his notice either – still looking anxious, though the sheen of perspiration on his forehead had lessened somewhat. "Did you do the seventh question?" Peter asked; he always wanted to discuss the paper afterwards, something that annoyed Sirius greatly. He preferred to forget about it entirely until the owl arrived, bearing his results. He sighed in annoyance, but luckily, Remus, kind as always, pulled out his question paper and turned to Peter. Sirius lay flat on his back and put his arms behind his head, thankful for the cool breeze summer that swept around them, caressing the heated skin of his forehead and brow, soothing the dull ache that had started behind his temples, as though it was the tender and caring hand of a beloved mother. It gently rustled the branches of the willow – not the Whomping Willow, but a normal muggle one – under which they sat, and stirred the leaves of the vines that patulated over the roof of the greenhouses in the distance. He sighed blissfully, soaking in the feeling of freedom and exhilaration that the end of exams usually heralded, and closed his eyes against the warm June sunshine. Evans and her friends were feeding the Giant Squid again; Sirius could tell by the muffled grunts of pleasure the Squid was emitting as he swallowed the morsels of toast they were giving him, and also by James' stertorous breathing – something he always did when Evans was nearby. He grinned lazily, and nudged James with his foot. James' breathing intensified. His thoughts turned to the incident that had happened the previous day after their Defence paper. Remus, ever talented with healing spells, had managed to mend the fairly deep gash Snape had left on James' face, but a small scar was still visible on his cheek. He hadn't been too enthusiastic about the prognosis, telling them that the remnants of dark magic transferred to James' cheek by the curse couldn't be removed by force. It would take its own sweet time to degenerate and fade out entirely – a sort of half-life, Sirius thought, like he'd read in those muggle science books – and the scarring was a direct effect of that. Sirius was shaken, but not shocked. They all knew that Snape wouldn't hesitate to use dark magic if the fancy struck him. Evans remained as blissfully – or wilfully – ignorant of that fact as ever, and had yet to acknowledge any of the Marauders after her tirade aimed at James. "Do you think she'll ever speak to me again?" James' voice trembled slightly and he sounded uncharacteristically forlorn; Sirius knew they were thinking of the same thing. "She'll come around eventually, Prongs. She'll speak to you before the term ends. There are just three days left, and I doubt she will want to part ways on bad terms with anyone." Remus' tones were soothing, and they all knew that what he said was true. Evans was fiery and spirited, but she wasn't unkind, and didn't hold grudges overlong. James nodded quietly, then, forcing himself to cheer up, said, "Hey, that's right! Three more days left! Can't wait to go home! Dad said he'd refurbish the Quidditch pitch and get us a new set of balls – should be spiffing, eh, Padfoot?" Sirius forced a nod and a smile, but swallowed thickly at the reminder that there was so little time left before the school year ended. He would soon be on the train back to London, to his Pureblood-supremacist parents, repulsive tattletale house elf and the vast, gloomy shell of a house which disseminated dark magic and evil from its very pores. The thought alone was enough to make him feel nauseous. And of course, Father would be just waiting to pounce on him and his little brother Regulus and stuff them full of more pureblood nonsense and talk about 'such great opportunities' that the Wizengamot and the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had to offer. Sirius didn't want to join the Wizengamot, but he did want to join the DMLE – as an Auror. He grinned at the thought of his parents' horror when he chose to share that information with them. But little Reggie, on the other hand – not so little now that Sirius thought about it, he'd turned fifteen in April – might agree to apprentice to whatever puffed-up lord or lady Father would find. And no doubt Mother- The rustling of wings and a soft "oh" from Remus interrupted his morbid musings, and Sirius looked up to find Remus holding out a cheerful looking owl to him. "Letter for you, Pads?" "Plunkett," Sirius said, taking the owl. "Andromeda's fellow. Oh good," he added, slitting open the envelope and shaking out two pieces of thick parchment. "Any reply?" he asked Plunkett, who hooted negatively, then thrust forward for a brief caress and nipped Sirius affectionately on the nose before taking off into the afternoon sky. Sirius opened the first parchment. Dear Sirius, [It read] I think your O. would have just finished, and I trust you did well. I know I promised to write to you earlier, but we've just recovered from a nasty spot of bother at the Ministry. Ted recently got a promotion to Assistant Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation. However, it appears that Judas Selwyn, acting Head of the Office of Law – Policies Department, wasn't happy about being passed over for the job. He lodged a complaint with the Department Head, saying that Ted shouldn't be considered for the position, because as a Muggleborn, he has no thorough understanding of the Wizarding laws and traditions that govern acceptance and exchange between international magical communities. Can you believe his nerve? We did not think the Department Head took it too seriously, but all complaints are automatically forwarded to the DMLE for examination. Ted had to face an inquiry about his qualifications – of course, since Ted passed the Magical Bar exam with flying colours – never tell me Hufflepuffs are not clever! – All that claptrap about "not understanding laws" went out of the window. He was reinstated following the inquiry, but plenty of people have made it clear that they think he cannot handle the job. I've been rushed off my feet as a result of this entire hullabaloo, and came down with the 'flu soon after. I'm recovering now, though still quite tired. In other news, Dora's really blossoming into her metamorphmagus abilities – she turned her hair into all the shades of blue in the ocean when we took her to the seaside yesterday. Her favourite colour still remains pink, though. Sirius, I know you probably won't have a very good holiday at Grimmauld Place, but I hope you leave soon and stay with the Potters like you did last summer. If you do, give Dorea my love. Ted, Dora and I send out regards to your friends, and to Regulus, too. Your loving cousin, Andromeda. Ps: Dora seems quite taken with your friend Remus ever since you lot came to babysit her last summer. She's drawn