So, there's going to be some angst, breakdown, implied rape, amongst some other depressing things. So, yeah... I just had this really sad thought and decided why not. I was dying and there was nothing anyone could do to stop it. I could feel it. Only there was something more. Something hollow within me. A missing part of my existence. Something that was there with me throughout all of the lifetimes that I just remembered. You know that saying that your life flashes before your eyes? Well, I can guarantee you that it's the truth. Only I saw my past lives as well. And I have to say, I wish I could've had a better ones. The two outlines before me depict who I was in my past lives. Trust me, it threw me for a loop until I remembered what really happened in those lives. "Who are these people?" A gravelly voice called out to me as he gazed out towards my reincarnations. Kronos. A bitter feeling welled up within me as he is the current reason I'm in this position among other enemies I've gained throughout this miserable life. His scythe slammed into my chest as I hang limp dangling against the rock wall I am pinned against. Surrounding me is golden dust piled high from various monsters as I feel my life dripping to the floor, the crimson liquid doing naught aside from coloring the black ground in a shiny sheen. In the corner of my vision, I can see Gaia, who is now only strong enough to awaken in Tartarus, where we are now. She has a crossed expression mixed with a smidgen of sympathy for me, I think? How I ended up here you may ask? Well, let's just say that the Gods of Olympus don't take kindly to me betraying them. Nor to me trying to rape their peacekeeper, Hestia, something I am innocent of on both charges. Just her name gives me a sour feeling and a hurt expression adorning my features as I try to will back tears from appearing. Wanting to get my mind off of my memories, I decide to try and to make conversations with my executioners. "Hey, do you guys ever feel tired of fighting?" I try to make conversation with them. They turn their attention back to me, a curious expression on their faces. "Why do you ask?" Gaia questions, an eyebrow raised in interest. "Just wondering..." I shrug off their question. The surroundings are silent and the shadows darkens as they ponder my question. As if Tartarus and Nyx themselves are silencing our surroundings to listen in. Something I no doubt believe they is doing right now along with any other's who can hear what we are saying. Surprisingly, it was Kronos who answered first. "I do grow tired of fighting. Sometimes, I wish I could just live my life and experience all that this new world has to offer without having to worry about someone trying to kill me." He admits somberly as he reaches for Anaklusmos plunged in his ribcage, pulling it out and letting it drop to the floor. Gaia takes longer to answer, but soon after, she admits the truth. "I agree with my son. The only reason I want to control the world is because I want to fix the mistakes mortals and some Gods themselves have wrought upon my domain. Do you know how it feels to have my very existence being mutilated and defiled?" I shake my head in denial. "Of course, that can't happen because of our vendetta against the Gods." Kronos pipes in. I decide to interject here. "Well, first of all: You kinda deserved it after doing what you did after hearing the prophecy of being overthrown." Kronos butts in, enraged. "Are you saying that I should've just let the upstarts do what they want and murder/dethrone me?" "No, but you could've tried to bury the hatchet after trying to seeing from their point of view. I heard that you weren't that horrible of a ruler before you heard that prophecy. It's only then that things started going downhill from you. At least from what the Fates showed me." He frowns but doesn't retort for the moment. I take this time to focus my attention again, to keep myself from falling unconscious. After a while, he speaks his part. "Even though, the Fates had ordained me to go against Olympus. Either way, there wasn't much I could do anyway." "I'll agree with you there, fuck the Fates." I chuckle as I cough out blood. I feel annoyance in my mind, but know that pretty soon, they won't be able to mess with my pitiable life soon. "It is unwise for anyone to insult the Fates. As long as you exist, they will have their revenge." Gaia chastised me lightly, almost motherly in a way. "Well, they've made my life utter hell. So I don't give a shit about them." I brush off her comment. She scowls at me, probably for not taking heed of her advice. "Why are you even talking with us? I would've thought that you would be planning to escape or call for help if it weren't for the fact that either way, you're about to die." Gaia asks me as I take my time to ponder how to answer her inquiry. Once getting my thoughts together, to speak. "Well, I don't want to die bored out of my mind. What better way than to talk to two people who have sworn vengeance against me? You gotta say, that's a conversation not many people can have." I lie to them. In truth, it's because I want to know what drives them. "So, what are we to you, just entertainment before you pass?" Kronos scowls at me as he gets comfortable on the ground. I ignore his question and ask my own, no sense caring about another immortal being even angrier at me. "What's your favorite color?" They're both taken aback by my question, definitely something that no sane person would ask in my situation. I just roll with my train of thought. "Mine's blue. It reminds me of happier times. Times when there's no mythological world, no monsters trying to kill me at every moment of my life, just me and my mom when she would hold me and tell me everything's going to be alright." I grew somber as I thought of my mother. I wonder if she even knew where I was. I don't know how long I've been down here, but I know that time is dilated here. I hope she'll be okay. I mean my little sister, Andromeda, will need a strong mother figure in her life. One without any of the craziness that I had to grow up with. Once again my feelings spiral out of control, changing from angry to somber, to happy then angry. It seems that my audience had noticed my fluctuations of emotions, and tried prying. "What happened?" Gaia asked, as if she was genuinely worried for my well-being. I hang my head low as I think about what to say. "My mother had asked me to spend some time away from home, just in case any monsters caught scent of me." I spoke quietly, tears stinging my eyes once again. "She wanted my little sister to have a good normal life, something that I was deprived of just because of who my parents were. Something that many demigods are deprived of because of who our parents are." I muttered darkly, not caring for who hears me. I felt like ever since I put on this fake smile of mine since I was a child, my emotions slowly built up until it all came crashing down. "I wish I could've had a normal life." I pleaded with no one replying to me. "All because of who my father was, I had been attacked by monsters. So I had to put up with that-that-" I was at a loss of what to call my first step-father."- thing that was my first stepfather. Whenever he would beat me, I would shrug off the pain and hide it away while putting on a smile to show my mom that everything was okay. Even when he invited his friends over to have some fun at my expense, sometimes sexually with either genders, I would bury it deep down because I didn't want to worry my mother. When it all comes to light of the reasons why I had to live this kind of life, the first thing I am accused of is something I am innocent of. No one there to ask me how I am doing or how I was feeling. I just tried my best and trudged on, even going so far as to put on this smile of mine to not worry anyone. At this point, he seemed to have trouble talking as he took a while to collect himself. "And as I did what was asked of me to ensure my friends' safety, I slowly became a leader of the camp. Bah, I wished someone else would want the job of having to be the one to be unbreakable. To be the one that holds the rest of the others to comfort them. To be the one who lends their shoulder for others to cry on and not let their true emotions show in case of destabilizing the camp." I ranted off my pent-up feelings. Just letting myself go and letting it all out. I felt the tears run down my cheeks, mixing with my blood as my body wracked with sobs. I didn't care about who heard me, just wishing there would be someone to listen to me. "I always had to be Mr. Perfect. If I showed weakness, then it would hurt the camp. I had to be strong as I sent my friends to battles that I knew there was a good chance that they wouldn't be coming back from. I knew about all the others rumors after the wars, talking about how I wouldn't let anything get to me. As if I was emotionless and didn't care about those who died. If only they knew! I cared about those who passed on my orders! I just couldn't show it or else morale would fall if their leader was having a breakdown. So I buried those feelings deep down. I ignored the stares of the campers who stared at me as if I had no emotions. I had no one to cry to as I had to keep up my fake smile and facade as I tried to cheer everyone up as they mourned their dead friends. No one ever thought to ask me if I was okay, only looking to me to comfort them. I'm just as human as them. I have feelings as well. Why did no one else ask me if I was okay? Why did no one really see if I was okay? Why did no one give me a shoulder to cry on?" I cried to myself like a child as my emotions finally got to me. Kronos and Gaia had no idea what to say at my outburst so we waited in relative silence. "My favorite color is blue." I looked up to see Kronos gazing off into the distance, a far-away look in his eyes. "It reminded me of better times as well. It reminds me of the sky, when I finally get out of here. Where I don't have to breathe in this poisonous air. Where I don't have to worry about surviving day to day. It reminds me of my father's eyes, in times when my father was a good person. From before he went insane." He smiled sadly. "Why are you down here anyways, Percy?" Gaia asked me quietly. I didn't notice how she called me how I like to be