SUMMARY: Can someone who has known nothing but hurt and dysfunction find love after the age of forty? Only time can tell, if 'the things that make you click' can bring you happiness. Bella/Edward pairing, all human, rated M. Special thanks goes out to the team of gals who made this readable: Jess2002, Savannavansmutsmuts, Sarah and pyejammies. The awesome Banner was made by: Mina, thanks so much dear for the wonderful manip and banner. Disclaimer: All things Twilight Saga related belong to Stephenie Meyer, no copyright infringement is intended. I may not own the characters, but I do own a cat named Thunder and he does act exactly the way he is described. All things within this storyline are the thoughts and writings of TeamAllTwilight. The Things That Make You Click By: TeamAllTwilight "I hate these sleepless nights," I say to my cat, as if he gives a damn why I'm pacing the floor. I stop and look down at him as he twines himself around my feet. "Meow," he yowls out at me, and then walks to his food bowl. "What, Thunder? You have food and water." I watch as he rubs the food bag, and I sigh. "Fine, I'll pour more food in the bowl. God for sake, you have to actually eat food that has been in the bowl for an hour or more." What a sad life, I talk to the cat, and he talks back. I put down fresh water, and watch as he delicately sits by his dish. The gracefulness of the cat cracks me up. I can almost picture him wearing a freaking bib, or tossing a napkin across his lap. He is such a trip, how hoity-toity of him. I go in and sit at my desk. Racking my brain for my next big story idea. As I think over different ideas traveling through my head, I reflect on parts of my own life. I'm a divorced mother of three, and I write for enjoyment—hopefully someday as a career. The only bed companion I have is my cat, Thunder, and he is a blanket hog. Sometimes I miss having a man beside me. But then I think back to all the drama and lies that seem to go hand in hand with every man I've ever known, and the desire is out the door. My parents are no longer alive, and my kids are about all the family I have. My daughter Chelsea, is fifteen this year and a freshman in high school. She is quiet, and has a very small number of friends, but they're all friends worth having. My middle child Charlotte is thirteen, and she is a handful on her best days. Then there is my baby, my boy, Charles, who is eleven. My children are my life, and writing is my portal into happiness. Growing up I never had the ideal life. When I was nine my mom, who was raising me alone since I was four, started dating. By the time I was close to ten, I spent more time alone than I did with my mom. I had no contact with my father from age six, until I was sixteen—but we'll catch up to that part later. By age twelve, my mom moved me to a strange town that was close to twenty miles from downtown. I went from living in the heart of one city, to living in the boondocks of another. Different state, different town, it was a complete different style of living. The only thing that remained the same for me was spending most of my time alone. Actually my time alone began to grow. Being a pre-teen and having no supervision did wonderful things for finding new friends. Of course, the only kids who wanted to hang with me were the bad seeds. I made a lot of older friends and managed to start going to school 'higher than a kite' most of the time. School, now there was a joke. I hated it, and had actually been proficient in skipping school since third grade. I never ate healthily and therefore I had quite the weight problem. I literally got to the point where I was lucky to see my mother once every three days or so. After living in the boondocks for a year, I was lucky to see her every other week. I did have a few days where she managed to come home every day. Ironically, someone called the Department of Human Services on her, for neglect. Of course it was all unfounded, and before long she moved me out of there. I started my first real job at age fourteen, and I loved having my own money. Unfortunately I found that I needed my hard earned cash to buy myself food, or I had to live on Ramen noodles. Where it wouldn't have hurt me to miss a meal or two, I ate my loneliness away. By the time I was sixteen, we had moved at least a dozen times, and I spent several months being shipped around to different friends and family members. I was in a horrific car accident, in which I could have easily died. Then in a span of just over three months I lost both my grandparents. I missed them so much, and it seemed like everyone else was only worried about what they got to inherit. I begged my mom to get me away, and I moved to a small farming town to stay with distant relatives of my father's for a few months. One day out of the blue my father, his wife, and son stopped by. I was shocked when I saw the son, and knew who he was immediately. I had not seen my father or his family since I was six, but I knew without introductions who they were. I walked into the room where the adults were all sitting, and my father didn't even acknowledge me. It was difficult, because I already felt so tossed aside in life anyway. Finally his wife asked me if I was going to say hi and at least give her a hug. I did, and I felt better knowing she at least knew who I was. My father then spoke up out of the blue, and mentioned how he wouldn't have known me if I passed him walking down the street. He also mentioned that I was getting fat like my mother. He promptly followed that up with asking how much money I was getting, since he was just told my grandparents were both dead now. To say I was stunned was a complete understatement and I was instantly angry. I proceeded to say some rather unsavory things that no sixteen year old girl should know how to say and storm off. I worked out my aggression by doing farm chores, and did my best to stay away from them while they were there. It hurt for many reasons, but mainly because I thought his wife remembered me on her own, and he had no clue who I was. I saw my father one more time after that day, and he was at least civil to me. The damage was done, and I, using the German temper he gave me, held a grudge against him for his words, neglect, and actions over the years. I finally returned back to the place I came from, but to a new apartment, of course. At least I wasn't out in the boondocks again, after that one time. I again had to start over and make new friends. I was lucky and reunited with some of my old friends too. I no longer took any drugs, but still smoked cigarettes and drinking was my favorite thing to do. When I was seventeen, I held my birthday party surrounded by my mom and friends at a bar, where I was only allowed to drink soda. I had a second party with my older friends at another bar, where they gave me a free pony keg of beer, for having my birthday party there. At seventeen, I also experienced my mother living with me for the first time in five years. Her boyfriend dumped her for someone else and so she came home, well to my home. Things were okay, except when she tried to tell me how to live my life and what to do. We moved a few more times, and my life was a whirlwind of dysfunction. I first started dating or whatever you want to call it, when I was twelve. The boy, who was my first love, only liked me so he could meet and date all my friends. Sadly he had also been a good friend since age five or six. There is a nine month difference in our ages, with me being older. After he had sex with me, he managed to have sex with so many of my friends I lost count. He did actually have sex with one of my friends and her sister, so at least he didn't just use me. The second person I called my boyfriend, was a relationship started over the phone. We got along great and talked all the time. When we met things were okay, other than I was worried he would dislike me for being fat or decide he liked my friend more than me. We were together as boyfriend and girlfriend for a long time, but he did eventually end up with one of my friends. I fooled around with and kissed a few other boys in there, but nothing ever serious and no one that I would consider a boyfriend. Then I met this guy who was older than I was. I had always gotten along better with older people, but I was forced to act older than I was from a very early age. So at fourteen, I acted more like I was in my twenties. The guy was twelve years older than I was. The most we ever did was kiss, but he, like my first boyfriend, used me to meet and do all my friends. He really broke my heart, and I was very vulnerable. I met another guy and he was also older than I was, but only by three years. I really liked him, and he seemed to really like me. We hung out a lot, but of course a monkey wrench got thrown in there and he no longer wanted me. I felt used by him the most. To my knowledge he never really cheated on me while we were together, but I was more of a booty call, than a relationship to him. When I finally got into another serious relationship, I was tainted. When he cheated on me and lied to me, I overlooked it. I thought I deserved it. After we broke up I immediately met the man who would become my first husband. He was just a couple of years younger than I was, but we got along well. We were married for a year before he took off the first time. He took our only vehicle, leaving me stranded in a small town where we had moved, without transportation. I lost a job because I had no way to get to work. He would never get and hold a job, and I was our soul provider. I later found out that each of the five times he left me he was shacking up with his ex-girlfriend. I finally had enough and filed for divorce, his parting gift was my now fifteen year old daughter. I met my second husband shortly thereafter. I was actually five months pregnant when I met him. I was very jaded and very wary of bullshit by this time. When this guy started doing things and saying things to sweep me off my feet, I was at best shocked. We seemed to be perfect