Title: Silver Asters Pairing: snupin, LuciusxNarcissa, AndromedaxTed, various implied relationships Fandom: Harry Potter Summary: A little more than four years after Severus and Remus' boys are born, comes their next challenge: School… A/n: The title come from the meaning of Asters, Patience… Prologue It was Harry's seventh birthday… That meant that it was time for Harry to go to magical primary in September. While Cora, Draco, Pansy, Theo, Neville, Millie, Daphne, Greg, Vince and their newer friend Blaise were excited. There would also be former residents of their orphanage, the children who had been rescued from the same abusive orphanage as Harry, Alice and Anthony. Crowds had less intimidated Harry since Teddy and Fili were born, so every year they invited more friends to his birthday party. This would be the first one with all of his friends present. They'd arranged to visit Ravenworth Castle minora in Yorkshire where the Lovegoods raised Unicorns. Unicorns had a calming affect on Harry and he needed all the calm and peace he could get. Since Cora was born on the same day as Neville, she was born just before midnight on July 30 while Harry was born at forty past midnight on the thirty-first almost an hour later, they celebrated their birthday together on Harry's because they were twins. The Prince-Lupin family; Severus, Remus, Cora, Harry, Sera, Nemia, Teddy and Fili portkeyed to Ravenworth Castle minora… Harry and Cora were seven; Sera and Nemia five while Teddy and Fili were three. Six was more then enough and even though Moony wanted lots of pups, they'd agreed that they didn't need any more so Severus had Andromeda cast a semi-permanent contraceptive charm that she checked every appointment to see that it was still working. No sooner had they arrived Draco called out excitedly. "Happy Birthday Harry!" Harry blushed, "Hi Draco…" Cora bounced up to her own playmates Giselle Goyle, Millie Bulstrode, Pansy Parkinson and Daphne Greengrass. The girls greeted her with varying amount of enthusiasm. The Lovegood unicorns were quite tame, nothing like the temperament natures of a bicorn. The older kids were playing with the unicorns; Xenos was letting them pet them, brush them, feed them and ride them. The younger ones were playing with rabbits in a crèche, a four-foot high fenced enclosure overseen by Demeter. Andromeda and Ted brought their adopted kids Dudley; who was one of Sirius' first rescues, curiously he was Petunia's son, and then there were Sam and Ariel, so they had a total of three boys and a girl, the eldest Dora was a girl. Andromeda had ended up cursed infertile by Bellatrix and the vindictive wench had caused her to go into labour early making it so she had to handle parenthood and married life while studying for her N.E.W.T.S. Sirius had been so furious with the Ministry as a whole after he'd been released with no charges and a huge apology that he'd quit the Auror corps. Sirius whose relationship with Harry was rocky at best, because Harry didn't trust him, had joined forces with Filius who had been Headmaster since Dumbledore was fired by the Board of Governors and Aurora Greengrass who was still of the Department of Head of Magical Children. As Headmaster Filius had access to the Hogwarts Book of students that recorded every magical child born in Britain. He knew the names of every magical family, so any unknown name was presumed to be a Muggleborn. Sirius would receive the name and with Sancus' help he would locate the child to begin periodic observation. Orphaned children would immediately be transferred to the Malloy Orphanage at Number Seven Malloy Square. Any well-treated Muggleborn child would be left with their parents, but those who were mistreated would be retrieved and sent to the orphanage that was still managed by Ms. Arabella Figg. Mind Healer Myrtle Sprout would interview the children and a healer who was selected by Andromeda would examine them. If counseling or healing was needed, they were helped on the road to physical and mental health. Once they were deemed healthy, parents who applied to Aurora's department were investigated and were introduced to the orphanage. Where hopefully the prospective parents and children were drawn together. Some families like the Peaks had suffered in war and like Andromeda were unable to have children naturally. Others like Silvanus Kettleburn never married but wanted to be parents so they were allowed to adopt after passing a series of tests to determine if they could hand a child who might have been abused as Harry had been. Every rescued child was granted a place at the Malfoy owned preschool across the square from Number Seven. Those who weren't adopted were scholarships students; Lucius had plenty of 'friends' like the Lovegoods and the Flints who were only too happy to serve on the school's Board of Governors and/or donate to pay for said scholarships. The Prince-Lupin family always made an appearance at the birthday parties of rescued children whether or not they were adopted; usually it was Remus and Cora who attended the parties because Harry was still uncomfortable about being parted from Severus and he wasn't that close to the rescued children even if they had been abused as well at the Jersey orphanage. It wasn't the only one; the Aurors in a special task force secretly approved by the Muggle Prime Minister had taken each orphanage in the Muggle World and gone over it with a fine toothcomb. Any abuser soon found themselves imprisoned or in the case of the first orphanage dead by supposed suicide. All removals were made to appear as legal as possible… While Andromeda hadn't managed to have her own infertility healed, she had treated Narcissa's. So Narcissa had a daughter Ayla who was the same age as Teddy and Fili, as well seven-year-old Draco and two-year-old Marcus. Neville's mother had survived her attack but his father had not, the Ministry had retired Alys and paid the Longbottom estate the usual sum for a member of Magical Law Enforcement dying on the job, so he had remained an only child… Madam Aurora Greengrass had Daphne who was Harry and Cora's age, Maia who was the same age as Sera and Nemia, while Arethusa 'Aria' was the same age as Teddy and Fili. Pansy had a younger brother Laurel who was the same age as Luna… Theo's father Oran had been arrested for multiple crimes, but part of his bond Evelyn's deal after turning him over to the Ministry was that she was to be given carte blanche control of the Nott estate and the right to take semen samples. Oran had seduced her, convinced her to marry him promising her a large family only to decide to renege on his promise after having his heir. Now Theo had a brother 'Ned' who was Teddy and Fili's age as well as a sister 'Gracie' who was still a baby at a year and five months. Greg had his elder sister Giselle and a younger sister Georgette who was Gracie's age and was named for his deceased Uncle George, Blaise's former stepfather. Vince had a younger sister Isolde who was a year old then Sera and Nemia… To keep Harry from being overwhelmed; Cora kept Daphne, Pansy, Giselle and Millie with her while the younger ones played with the rabbits. So Harry only had Draco, Theo, Blaise, Neville, Vince and Greg around him… There were even separate areas where the birthday children were spending time with the unicorns. Eventually, the house elves arrived with their lunch and the parents called the older twelve children to eat while fetching the younger ones from the crèche. Harry had a table with his protective friends while Cora had a table with her friends. That didn't mean that she wasn't a friend of Harry's friends like Draco and Theo, actually she was but she knew that too many people too close to Harry was likely to make her brother panic. The tables were small but sat six, and anyway Remus and Severus had gotten quite good about keeping track of their children and making sure that they didn't get too messy. After a lunch of chicken salad sandwiches, there were presents… Sirius of course gave Harry and Cora a toy broom for larger kids. Ted gave them Muggle bikes to ride at home, while Dora gave them Muggle magic tricks. Andromeda had started a weekend painting class at the primary school. The curriculum at Number Four was mathematics, reading, writing, elementary magical theory, art and flying. They also taught magical games like gobstones, Wizarding chess and Exploding Snap as well as picture taking, sketching, painting and Music. Narcissa had started teaching music on weekends. Lady Mairsile Montague had agreed to teach him how to care for mundane plants like growing flowers for their mothers. Ted taught all of the orphans how to ride bikes; he took them to movies and encouraged his adopted kids to be friends with them… Teddy banged on the table, "Cake!" Severus frowned, "Theodosian Lyall Lupin! It is Harry and Cora's birthday not yours." Teddy and Fili treated him to identical pouts, Teddy was still an Metamorphmagus and his 'cousin' Dora came over a lot to play games she created to test her abilities since they were the only ones in the 'family'. Teddy and Fili were half-identical twins; they would be fully identical if it weren't for Teddy's animagus gift. There was a pop in the distance that sent even retired Aurors Alys and Sirius into alert. Harry turned and called out, "Grandpa!" Then all of the Prince-Lupin kids were running towards Lyall. The court case against Dumbledore filed by Severus and Sirius had publicized their marriage and his workaholic grandfather had shone up at their door. There had been contention between his grandfather and his dad to the point where they didn't speak and Lyall never visited. After learning that Remus' father had accrued serious debt and forced Remus to declare bankruptcy, Lyall had shone up and by the time Sera and Nemia were born Remus had a more amicable relationship with Lyall then Harry did with Sirius. All Lupins apparently were natural wolf shifters, which was why Lyall didn't give a knut about Remus being a werewolf. Apparently, a magical wolf blessed them and they had special affinity for magical and mundane creatures but especially canines. Lyall adored his grandkids and spoilt them, while he was still a workaholic, he always showed up for birthdays and solstice… Trotting along at Lyall's side was his faithful companion/partner Ceres. He pulled out a pure white fluff ball that was twice the size of most puppies dumping him in Harry's surprised arms. "I know you're seven not seventeen but I thought she'd be a good friend for you. A little responsibility never hurt anyone." Remus was bit annoyed that his grandfather hadn't asked but it was too late to protest. As he approached he heard Harry ask softly, "What's her name?" Lyall gave out a rumbling chuckle, "She doesn't have one? The O'Shaneseys let the family who adopts them name them. Their wolfhounds are very gentle but they can be very protective, I thought you would like a dog." Harry shyly hugged the elder Lupin, "Thanks grandpa!" "No problem pup. Now what do I have for the princess?" Lyall chuckled as he pulled a golden retriever pup out of another pocket. Cora squealed, "Pretty!" "She's a girl, I thought maybe you'd like a puppy too." "What about us?" Teddy pouted. "Let's see…Fudge chocolate bar from Honeydukes for Teddy, Fizzing Whizz-bees for Fili, strawberry sugar quills for Nemia and raspberry flavoured cauldron cakes for Sera." Lyall said digging out treats for the younger twins. Lyall might not give equal gifts but he was good about bringing something for all of them so no one felt left out. He had never treated Harry as anything less them family even though he was the only