Title: Rise of the Cannonites Pairings: GideonxArthur, BreccxGeorge, ViktorxCharlie and BillxFleur ect. Summary: a spin of story of ' I did not Sleep with that wizard! ' focusing on the Weasley-Prewett family. Tracks the family's rise to fame. Prologue It was lunch when the family meeting occurred. Fred, Ron, Percy and Ginny were pouting. Even prospective and current spouses were required to attend. Bill was sitting with Fleur who was leaning on his shoulder, and he looked smug. Charlie was lying with his head on Viktor's lap. Andret was sitting at Penelope's feet like a dog. Percy was in a temper leaning against the wall. Branor was bored and reading a book. Calibom was with Susan who looked nervous. Brecc was almost doting for a Slytherin; there was a brief squabble over who got to sit in a comfortable chair. George protested, "Brecc, you should because you shouldn't make yourself uncomfortable. I was there when you were released." "You're pregnant, you should take it." George blushed, "Then we'll share." He smiled at him, "I'd enlarge it myself but Andromeda would lecture me." Brecc smirked, "Then I'll do it." "Whore." Ron muttered. George winced. Brecc glared at him, "He's not. George has never been with anyone before me and he never will again." Ron sneered, "How could you stop him toilet boy? You can't even walk right." George snarled, "That's not his fault! It's Fred's! Brecc's a good man and I love him. I won't have you saying things like that." "I'm surprised a Slytherin would want to tie blood to bloodtraitors." Ron smirked. "I do hope he's not attending our bonding," Brecc frowned, "for I will be sure to see that there is no seat for him at dinner." "Ostracising a family member?" Ron sneered. "I don't want someone there who will only cause trouble." Brecc snapped. "Fine, you're not welcome at mine." Ron retorted. "I wouldn't go." Brecc sniffed. "What iz ze point of zis meeting?" Fleur asked imperiously. Gideon glared at Ron, "Ron shut up." Casting a silencing charm on the brat, "Another word out of you and I'll hex your tongue to the roof of your mouth. My apologies Lady Fleur for his uncouth behaviour, Mr. Krum." "Viktor please." George smiled at him, "Your English is improving." "Well I do insist he practices. I'm learning Russian and Bulgarian. I'm pretty decent in Romanian already." Charlie laughed. "When did you two get together?" Fred frowned. "What about Hermione?" "Charlie asked me to take Hermeoony to the ball." Viktor replied. Charlie chuckled, "I thought no one would ask her and that due to her intelligence she would be easy to talk to. They did enjoy themselves until Ron stuck his foot in it as usual." "So he never liked her?" Fred asked. Viktor shook his head, "Only like a sister." "Why do you care?" Charlie frowned, "You've got Angie." "So? I can worry about her! She thought he liked her." "I never said zhat." Viktor said stiffly. "He's been since me since the dragons arrived at Hogwarts. His uncle set us up." Charlie glared. "Why business of it is yours? Worry about yourself. You're going to be a father, take responsibility. " Gideon called out names and each person made a noise or a gesture to distinguish them. "William Weasley, Curse Breaker, Gringotts. Fleur Delacour-Weasley, former of Gringotts. Viktor Krum, Professional Seeker, Vratsa Vultures. Charles Krum, senior Dragon keeper, Harvey Ridgebit Dragon Preserve. Percival Weasley, the Junior Secretary to the British Minister for Magic. Oliver Wood, Reserve Keeper, Puddlemere United. Fredrick Weasley, co-founder of Weasley Wizard Wheezes. Angelina Johnson; a Former Hogwarts' Head Girl and Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. George Weasley, co-founder of Weasley Wizard Wheezes. His betrothed Brecc Montague, a former Slytherin Chaser and heir to the Montague estate. Ronald Weasley, former Gryffindor prefect and the worst Keeper in the History of Gryffindor. His betrothed, Lavender Brown, daughter of Lord Brown. Colin Prewett, third highest marks in his year. His betrothed Seamus Finnigan. Mafalda Prewett, second highest Marks in her year. Her suitor Gregory Goyle. Ginevra Weasley, former Chase. Her betrothed Michael Corner, heir to the publishing company Whiz-Hard Books. Last but by no means least Dennis Prewett. "Where is Mum?" Fred asked. "At the Burrow. She is not part of this family and had been disowned." "For what?" "Rape and line theft. She used potions to get my Arcturus into bed and conceived William. She bullying him into breaking our betrothal contract and destroyed his relationship with his parents. Arcturus is now my consort and Mary is nothing." "Never liked her. Bossy and annoying woman." Bill shrugged. "You're welcome here. I have a small but comfortable manor in Cornwall that you may have if you wish to live here." Gideon offered. "Why's Oliver here anyway?" Percy asked. "Because your grandmother invited him." "You owe Harry an apology." Oliver said sharply. "He gets spoiled! Mum never let us have friends over." Percy hissed. "I don't think being locked up with bars in his window counts as spoiled. His school things were locked in a cupboard under the stairs that showed signs of previous habitation." George glared. "Visiting us was vacation. His relatives were awful to him, they starve him and hit him." "Hmph." Percy sniffed. "No one deserves to be treated like that. Not even Potter." Brecc said stiffly. "I'm sure the Dark Lord isn't back. He's just making some hew and cry for attention." "Percy! You take that back. Harry's not a liar." Oliver snapped. George rolled his eyes, "You're just jealous of the attention Oliver gave him grow up and apologizes. I'm sick of this." "Prove me he's back!" "Barty Crouch!" "Mad escapee from Azkaban." Percy sniffed. "He had help." Oliver glared. "Give it a rest." Bill snapped. The two younger former Gryffindors cowered at the tone form the older former Head Boy. "You can seek who everyone of Arcturus and my children are. Now there on the floor is Andret with Penelope Clearwater. His twin by the hearth is Branor." The man gave a jaunty wave. "Other there is Calibom and his betrothed Susan Bones. Her Aunt is the Head of Magical Law enforcement. Cador is a writer." Michael grinned, "We print your books." "Your father is a fine man, very serious. He treats his writers like family." Cador grinned. "What are you doing Andy?" Oliver asked. "I'm working for the Daily Prophet. I'm a printer." Andret gave him a weak smile. "Come by the offices, father will hire you and the pays better." Michael grinned. "What about you Bran?" Charlie asked. "Me? Exploring ruins. Nothing fancy like our Bill but its entertaining." The other man yawned. "What are you planning Cal?" Oliver smiled at him. "Well I'm not sure. Susan wants to be a solicitor, I thought maybe I'd be her secretary until I find out what I want." the tall boy blushed. "So you're going to live off your heiress." Ginny sniggered. "What?" Cal recoiled. "No! I want to work but I don't want to trouble her by making her put her dreams on hold because of the baby. I figured I'd just take care of Andrea and anything else she needs." "What about Ron?" "He's going to work hard at his studies and get a job." Lavender blurted out. There were looks of disbelief. "If you say so." "What are you plans Colin?" "I want to be a photographer!" the blonde blushed. "Seamus?" "Well I was thinking about being an Auror…it depends on my Potion Marks of course." The Irish man stammered. "What about you Greg?" "I really like magical creatures. I thought the Dragons were really neat. I was hoping to try to get accepted by Charlie's preserve…my Marks aren't perfect but I want to try." The Slytherin admitted shyly. "We'll take you there sometime." Charlie grinned at Ginny snickered, "Yeah right." "He's a hard worker." Mal added, "he's dreadful at writing but he's great really smart when you question him." "What about you Mal?" Gideon smiled at her. "Me? I'd like to be a healer…" she blushed. "I'll help you. I was almost a healer when I left. Andromeda would be a good resource as well. I believe she's no affiliated with the healer college at St. Mungos. What sort of healer would you be interested in?" "Magical creature attacks. I'm really good at potions and Professor Snape said I'm decent at antidotes." Mal squirmed. "You won't see each other a lot." Charlie warned. "That's alright. Once he's trained he can decide what he wants us to do. I'll move there if he asks. Maybe the Preserve could use a healer with that specialty." Mal asked nervously. "I will take to my uncle." Viktor offered. "It's a really honour to meet you Mr. Krum." Greg said quietly. "We're brothers, its Viktor. " Greg's face lit up, "Greg." "We did share a table all year. to think we'd end up related." Mal laughed trying to lighten the mood. "You kept betting on Potter." Viktor smirked. "Because Luna said he'd do well." Mal protested. "If she said it, it's true." "Well he did win." Charlie smirked. "We did not 'ave a fair chance." Fleur frowned. "We know. Viktor was under the imperious and Fleur was frozen." George sighed. "To think that Ron tried to ask Fleur to the Ball." Fred said shaking his head. "He has good taste." Bill chuckled, "We both have tall beautiful blondes with gorgeous blue eyes. However, I believe mine is the lovelier choice." Lavender blushed at being called beautiful and Ron glowered. "I can't believe that Rose and I only have three but between you and Gideon Arcturus you have what ten?" Gideon chuckled, "William, Charles, Percival, Fredrick, George, Ronald, Colin, Mafalda, Ginevra and Dennis. It seems we do have ten for now…" "Nine of which were born to one of you." Cador teased. "Mafalda is a gift." Gideon grinned, "To think how many brilliant children we have…" "Dennis ended the year at number two in his year." Colin offered. "Cols!" the boy protested. "Really? Who are his rivals?" Bill grinned. "A Ravenclaw named Carys Martin and a Slytherin named Astoria Greengrass." "I took Astoria to the Ball last year because Mal refused to accompany me." Greg chuckled, "She's a nice girl but shy. What's Martin like?" "She said her papa was Damocles." Dennis shrugged "Oh Remus' friend." Arthur nodded. Gideon frowned, "I thought she just started last September." Dennis nodded, 'She did but she's in Second Year classes. She's really smart. It was Professor Flitwick's decision." "She must be smart to skip like that…" Gideon mused. "So mum's not a part of the family, Uncle Gideon's alive and bonded to Dad. Everyone but Branor, Percy and Dennis are expecting." Bill summed it up. "It seems like we've got interesting taste in bonded." Charlie chuckled. "So why isn't Fred betrothed?" "Because he's refusing to meet with my father!" Angelina glared. "I was supposed to try out for the Holyhead Harpies and I can't because I'm pregnant. He's too obsessed with opening up his precious shop." "I wanted to open this week!" Fred protested. "We bought the shop last summer. Remus helped us out. We've been shipping product to him by school owl all year and he left it there for us to sort out. Since George started hiding out at Grimmauld and Little Ridge its been just me and Verity." "You try being told your five months pregnant out of the blue! If you hadn't attacked my Brecc I wouldn't have been so upset." George glared. "Well you should have better taste." Fred snapped. "Brecc's hotter then you ever could be. Because you're just lazy, his marks are better then yours. Did you know I retook my OWLS at the Ministry? I even took more classes then I admitted to. I was in the classes you took too, I just had a glamour so you didn't see me." George glared. "My marks were higher than