Title: Fire burnished golden ties Summary: Dean and Pavarti finalise their marriage with the final rites of a Hindu marriage due to Pavarti's family being Hindu. Due to the closeness of Pavarti and Padma as well as their mutual pregnancies and the family's superstition against having twins married separately they are going share the house Dean inherited from his deceased wizard father Caradoc Dearborn. A/N: Star-crossed or not series [Snake and Eagle, I did not sleep with that wizard! and Rise of the Cannonites compatible. I could have skipped this but I found Hindu marriage quite interesting and I had to write it. The title comes from the Hindu belief that married couples are tied together as partners by invisible golden ties. Pavarti, Dean, Padma and Su Bonding Reception or Pavarti and Padma's Chaturthikarma July 30, 1996 The invitations to the Dearborn and Li Bonding Reception were surprising especially when no bonding had been announced. Lavender had time to handle the disappointment, but for Seamus it was like a physical blow. Neville had been appraised but he had not mentioned it to Seamus believing that Dean would do so… Neville arrived with, his Gran and Luna's father Xenos. Seamus arrived with Colin, his mother Niamh, his grandfather Killian and Grandmother Betina. Harry and Draco arrived with their sons Scorpius and Orion along with Lucius, Emelia, Remus and Severus. Dean was wearing the strangest clothes, a long white silk tunic decorated with beads and silver threads, matching trousers and weird shoes that were almost slippers. Standing at his side on the steps of the house was his sister-in-law Su Li. Su Li was wearing a similar style outfit to Pavarti and Padma's Yule Ball dresses only it was turquoise that was highly adorned with zardozi embroidery on paisley, which was edged with lavender while her sash had colours that were later noted to be in both Padma and Pavarti's dresses. Pavarti and Padma had following the nursery shopping spent all their time with their female relations. Lavender, Luna and Pansy had been invited to spend the previous night at the penthouse with the brides where they learned how to wear the beautiful ethnic clothing that was traditional. They arrived with Dean's sister Dana; Pavarti's little sister Parina and various aunts and female cousins via portkey. Pavarti was wearing a beaded high cut aqua and silver top that was scalloped around her bosom; on her head was a beaded silver and aqua headdress complete with a veil that cascaded over the back of her head, her baby bump was stretching above the hip-level silver skirt decorated with beads and silver threads that resembled peacock feathers. Wrapped around her was a similar coloured fabric that was variegated from aqua to a mauve, all in all it was quite similar to her Yule Ball outfit… Her sister Padma, well it was presumably her sister because Pavarti would be the more flashily dressed, was wearing a pale bronze, almost cream outfit. She too had a veil but instead of silver thread, hers had gold, brown and white running through it mostly in daisy-like flowers. Her dress's top was made from the same fabric of her veil, while the skirt had more browns in it with embroidered flowers and vines. Pavarti had obviously procured similar style dresses for Lavender, Pansy and Luna who looked more like witnesses due to the matching style, especially since they arrived on the same portkey. Lavender's was of course lavender blue, her favourite colour and Pavarti had helped them put on the unfamiliar outfits. Pavarti had remembered how much she'd liked her Yule Ball dress that she'd worn as Harry's date and had finally gotten her one of her own. It was layers of lavender blue chiffon embroidered with flowers and zardozi trimmed with a violet hand-tatted lace complete with an exotic shawl that Lavender had wrapped around her body properly. Pansy's was a dark chocolate silk bodice with a scarf-like cloth that was was wrapped around her, it was a sheer black chiffon edged in green velvet flowers on her it was stunning. Luna's shawl was the sacred saffron colour, in particular a golden shade with her extremely blessed baby belly clearly as on display as was Pansy and Laver's her skirt and top were a very Ravenclaw shade of blue which had white feathers all around the skirt. Her shawl had a silver design of paisley and zardozi over the red border. Another surprise guest was Cho Chang; her attire was more conservative and she had not chosen to wear anything but her own ethnic dress and had a mauve coloured outfit similar to her Yule Ball dress robes. With her was her friend Marietta Edgcombe who was bonded to heir Lord Marcus Belby who had on an elegantly cut violet dress that emphasized her own baby bump… Pavarti and Padma's sister Parina who was going into third year, was wearing an orange skirt edged in a gold, green and pink stripes, the pink border had a rose and vine silver embellishment. She had a green spangled top and a hot pink shawl. Dana had a turquoise sari paired with silver lavender with pink, red and blue paisley on the edge of the scarf. Given that each separate part of the Hindu marriage ceremony required new outfits it was unlikely that the family were wearing anything they'd worn the previous milestones. With the noted exception of Padma and Su, the others were wearing matching silver slippers. The bridal party were together, clumped up behind Pavarti and Padma who had their arms linked. Neville, Ron and Vince were wearing traditional wizard dress robes didn't have their wives on their arms as they entered the garden at the Dearborn's family seat in Wales, Deerfield. While Vince and Neville looked perfectly at ease, Ron looked majorly uncomfortable. The ridiculously childish boy hadn't even wanted to come but it would look awkward if the spouse of Pavarti's best friend didn't even attend. Professor Snape, now legally Professor Prince and his spouse Remus Lupin-Prince were also there. While Draco, Harry, Greg, Vince, Luna and Neville wore summer cloaks that bore the crests of their house. The party was assembling on the emerald green lawn before the huge house; to the right was a huge glass conservatory that Neville was clearly itching to explore. Lucius came with Emelia who was wearing a buttercup yellow suit that looked surprisingly fetching when paired with Lucius' storm grey linen. Hermione wore a royal sapphire Grecian dress robes that showed off her rarely displayed bosom, pale shoulders, flat stomach and wide hips. Her hair hung in perfect waves rather then her childhood bushy hair thanks no doubt to Andromeda Tonks. For a girl that rarely ever dressed up, she looked as if she'd stepped from heaven and was a goddess. Andromeda's were a shade of olive rather then Slytherin green, that made her chestnut hair shine with more lustre and her chocolate eyes stand out. Ted wore a well-cut Muggle with a tie that had the exact shade of olive running through it. Seamus, who was wearing the traditional Wizarding dress robes pouted, "What be going on? How come ya didn't call on me for the wedding?" Dean winced, "We've still got the contract to sign and the reception, technically all you missed were the multitudinous vows and mantras in Hindi." "Technically, it's the Chaturthikarma also known as the Nishekam." Pavarti reprimanded gently as she approached her new home. Dean winked at her in greeting before he sighed, "I respect your traditions but for me that's a difficult word to say." * Flashback * Dean and Su were sat down soon after they learned of the pregnancies in an empty classroom where Pavarti and Padma proceeded to explain the rituals in respect to a Hindu marriage. Kanya Varanam was when two elders of the prospective groom's family approached the father of the girl [themselves] and ask on the groom's behalf for their hand. The step was called Kanya Varanam but the ritual itself was called Vaak Daanam. For Su this would be easy, she would send her parents. The trouble with Dean was he was supposedly a penniless Muggleborn, not that Pavarti gave a knut. Before they could continue an elf appeared and bowed, it had a thick Welsh accent not unlike Colin and Dennis Creevey. "You is being Master Dinadan. I is be Jory." Dean blinked, "Huh?" "You is Master Carey's boy, Dinadan Kay Dearborn. You and Master Neville is being cousins." Dean's eyes nearly popped out of his head, "Neville? Longbottom? We don't look anything alike." "Still is being true." The elf insisted. "Jory is watching master all times. Jory planned to wait but there is being baby and Jory being head elf know. Jory be waiting until Master be needing Jory. Jory want to help. Jory say if Master Dean be needing elder, Master Dean be asking Lady Augusta. Lady be Miss Alys' mum by bond." "If he's my dad what happen to him?" Dean frowned. "Master Carey be helping friend. Got hurt and died. Didn't abandon Master Dean. Master Carey be wanted little master muchly. Always bragging about family." "I don't really remember him but Mum's family said he used to give us gifts all the time." Dean mused. The elf nodded, "Jory be helping. Master be needing Jory to take letter?" Dean numbly wrote to Neville's grandmother, introducing himself and explaining the situation as well as asking for her assistance. Then the elf bowed taking the letter and vanishing. After the four recovered from the elf's appearance and news, Pavarti took up the thread of the conversation. "After the comes the Madhuparka Ceremony or the Kanyaa Daanam. When you both arrive with your families via portkey to our residence you'll be met at the door my family, our closest relatives and friends. It's a thousand year tradition that you might call the threshold ceremony. Our family's priest would welcome you with mantras of blessing, then our mother ought to receive and bless you with rice, red turmeric powder (kumkum) etc., by applying tilak (red dot and uncooked rice) on the groom's forehead. She sprinkles rice and red turmeric powder on the groom, and then blesses him with the palms of both hands - stretching them close to the groom's head. Then the priest and the bride's parents lead the bridegroom and his parents to the stage where they are given appropriate seats. All the other guests take their seats in the hall to witness the marriage ceremony." "To the accompaniment of ceremonial mantras by the officiating priest the bride's parents welcome the groom by invoking the God's blessings and then offering the bridegroom a nutritious drink called Madhuparka." Padma pipped up. "Next is the Vara Prekshanam," Pavarti blushed, "it's when we look at one another formally for the first time. You might worry about any blemishes I have in form or in character but you pray to the gods Varuna, Brihaspati, Indra and Surya to remove every defect and to make her fit for harmonious and long marriage life blessed with progeny and happiness." Her hand covering her baby. "Then you will recites the mantra and wipe our eyebrows with a blade of darbha grass, to symbolize the removal of defects. The darbha grass is thrown behind us at the conclusion of this ceremony. You shall stand facing the east, while we shall stand facing the north. Then we'll offer you a ceremonial seat and we'll sit beside you before the four of us take part in the ritual purification ceremonies of Achamana and Angasparsha." Padma said leaning against Su. "Then we'll exchange gifts, father will present whatever he deems proper but you are supposed to present clothing and jewellery as an acknowledgement of your lifelong duty to provide for us. After that is the mangala snanam, five Veda mantras are read to purify us for the subsequent stages of marriage. When that is