Summary: What if Merlin trapped the legendary witch Morgana Le Fay Pendragon in the animal from of a raven? What if secretly Gellert Grindelwald and his lover Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore used a forbidden ritual to allow Gellert to impregnate Albus and they had a daughter? And what if after graduating Beauxbatons that daughter married a Scottish mercenary she met in the Congo? And what if that mercenary had a well –hidden royal bloodline? And lastly what if these two powerful magicals had a son a few years before the beginning of Voldemort's First Blood War? Well, enter and find out Disclaimer: This Harry Potter Fanfiction is written for personal enjoyment and not for profit. All Harry Potter universe content found within is property of J.K. Rowling. Any similarities to other stories are not intentional This is my first foray into the realm of writing fanfiction, so please good gentlefolk of Fanfiction, be kind and courteous. Flames will be ignored Spells Parseltongue 'Thoughts' "Dialogue" Prologue: ' Pertrifacus Totalus! ' As the spell flies through the air a woman in her mid-thirties with ebony black hair and flashing steel grey eyes bats it away as if it was nothing. She chortles and says in Ancient Celtic,"Really Myrddin? A Latin spell? "She then flashes her eyes and raises her hands and a massive flock of red eyed ravens form from the shadows and launch themselves at Myrddin Emrys later to be known as Merlin Ambrosius. He swears and leaps aside avoiding most but not all of the avian missiles. " Ballistae Lethalae!" "Fhalbh! Shit! "The woman tries to dodge but takes a conjured ballista bolt through her chest. Coughing up blood she slumps to the ground her staff pointed at Myrddin. "You may have won Myrddin by using your cursed Roman magic but a true Druid has no need of incantations or silly sticks like your wand there. A true Druid carries a staff proudly and relies on their will to tame and guide magic to their will. "With a sad smile Myrddin; looks down on the fallen form of the woman. "You are very right Morgana but the realm that I and your brother are creating needs wizards and witches and mundanes not the ancient Druids and their warlocks and priestesses. Your time has passed dear child. I must punish you for your actions against the realm of Camelot as Artorius dictated to me." He sighed and raised his 14 inch Yew and Golden Griffin feathered Battle wand , " Lady Morgana Le Fay Pendragon, by the authority granted me as Wizard of the Realm by His Majesty Artorius Pendragon I hereby sentence you to life as a raven until such time as you are freed by time or by other happenings. May the Gods have mercy on you." "Corvus Perpetuum" Instantly instead of a mortally wounded woman, there laid a healthy and undamaged raven. With a croak it righted itself and glared at Myrddin. Croak it tried to shout at Myrddin who just chuckled. "Now, now, Morgana behave yourself. I have placed enchantments on you that will protect you from any predators and you are immortal and unable to be killed. However you are stuck as a raven until you become the familiar to a worthy witch or wizard who comes to care for you as their own family. This is to redeem yourself for seducing your half-brother His Majesty and turning your son Mordred against him. May your many long years be full of reflection and healing. Goodbye Lady Morgana." And with that the young wizard who would come to be known by his white beard and hair in his older years vanished into thin air with a crackle of lighting and the smell of ozone. Morgana, now a rather large and intimidating raven fluttered up to an awkward perch on an ancient yew tree which had grown together with a massive oak tree. She carved a Druidic rune spell into the trunk and was amazed to find that she could still do Druidic rune magic. She blessed the tree with the powers from the Ancients, the Gods of the Celts. A guardian spirit of a young woman came out of the tree and nodded wordlessly to Morgana signifying that this tree was sacred and that the Ancients had accepted her offering of the tree and had deemed it one of their sacred places. Satisfied that later when, or if she retained her human form, she would have a very magically powerful tree to form a new staff from. Morgana then took off to explore the world in raven form. She lived through countless wars and famines and also times of peace. However during the Crusades she found herself attracted to a powerful young Teutonic Knight known as Erik von Grindelwald who to her utter surprise worshiped the Ancient Celtic God of the Hunt and was only in the Holy Land for adventure against a worthy enemy. On a bloody battlefield outside Acre in the Holy Land a fully armored Teutonic Knight sat on a pile of corpses seemingly chatting to a beautiful and imposing raven. In a soft voice he asked in German, "Lady Raven I sense there is something about you that is more than you appear. However you saved my life today by pecking that Saracen archers eyes out. One more arrow and I would have perished, Blessings of the Hunt or not. Im Namen des gesegneten Gottes der Jagd flehe ich euch um eure Erlaubnis, eur Bild als Symbol meines Hauses zu gebrauchen. (In the name of the Blessed God of the Hunt, I beseech you for permission to use your image as the symbol of my house.)" Taken aback at the formal manner in which the young knight asked for her blessing , Morgana paused to think for a few seconds before she nodded her feathered head and scratched a 'Ja, mein lieblings freund' in the blood-soaked sand in front of young Erik. Elated the young knight raised his sword with had a wand-wood hilt and rapped his armor and shield. The design changed to a raven in flight with talons and wings outspread with blood on both beak and talons. "Thank you Lady Raven. My House and I will forever be in your debt and hope to have your friendship. "Morgana bowed genteelly from her perch on Erik's shoulder and he patted her head which she hated to admit felt really good. Morgana remained a close friend of the Grindelwald family for hundreds of years even following a young Gellert when he left the family home in the Black Forest to study in Hogwarts under an exchange program with Durmstrang. Gellert met and fell madly in love with an idealistic young Half-blood named Albus Brian Dumbledore. Albus lived with his mother Kendra, his younger brother Aberforth and his younger sister Arianna. Kendra died a year after Gellert met her from a supposed potions accident which left Arianna frightened and prone to bouts of uncontrollable accidental magic. One night in the year 1932, Gellert and Albus were celebrating their successful dark ritual that had impregnated Albus with a child from Gellert's seed. Aberforth had found out and in righteous indignation , for the ritual used had required the sacrifice of a newborn Muggle infant , had accused Albus of powerful dark magic which had Albus in a rage. Gellert came over to console him and found his way blocked by Aberforth. A yelling match ensued and wands were drawn. Aberforth fired a Jelly Legs jinx at Gellert who responded with a German shield drawn from his family magic. Albus defended Gellert with a cutting hex fired at Aberforth who took the hex to his face leaving a raw red wound on his forehead. Morgana watched in horror as a curse Gellert fired bounced off of Aberforth's shield and struck Arianna who had heard the ruckus and had come out to look. With a pained face Arianna stumbled over to Albus who had a face of utter horror and clasped his shirt with a bloody palm. With disdain he brushed her off, "Hands off you filthy Squib! I am a strong and powerful wizard and you may be legally my family but you are nothing to me!" Enraged, Aberforth said Accio and summoned Arianna to him. He stroked her hair and watched as she coughed up blood knowing that even if he got her to Saint Mungo's that they wouldn't treat a Squib. With hot and angry tears welling up in his eyes he held his beloved little sister as the light left her eyes and her body grew cold. He placed her on the ground gently wrapped up in a shroud that he had conjured. Turning to Gellert he said softly," Leave. Now. Just go! "He shouted at Gellert who stumbled over his feet and ran. Once Gellert had fled Aberforth turned to Albus and said, "You are no longer welcome here or anywhere near me. With how you treated our dying sister, Squib or not, you don't deserve to live. I, Aberforth Julius Dumbledore swear on my life, magic and my eternal soul that I declare Blood Feud on my elder brother Albus Brian Dumbledore if he so much as shows himself in my presence. So I say so it must be." Aberforth then picked up Arianna and took her to the village graveyard where he placed her next to Kendra. Seven months later Albus gave birth to a daughter who was named Yvaine G. Dorein. He wept as he gave her up for adoption at a Muggle orphanage and then he turned his back and left. He never wanted to know what happened to her. She survived as Yvaine Dreyfuss after she was adopted by a wonderful family who were Elaine and David Dreyfuss Purebloods of a minor yet Ancient House from Germany who found themselves unable to bear children. Yvaine grew up in Bavaria, not far from the now hidden Grindelwald Estate. Morgana watched Yvaine as she grew up, a happy and brilliant witch who excelled in Ancient Runes. She attended Beauxbatons Acedemie de Magique and was top of her year every year. David and Elaine were so proud of her and loved her so much that they decided early on to Blood Adopt her at the age of six after she conjured a snake and talked to it. This revelation led to David and Elaine getting Yvaine a Bloodline test at the Gringotts Schwarzwald Branch. To their shock along with the Grindelwald and Dumbledore blood there was also blood of the Ancient and Noble House of Gaunt the claimants of the heirship of the Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Slytherin. Apparently back in the 1500's Winifred Gaunt married Rudolf Grindelwald and they traveled to the Grindelwald ancestral lands and built the current Grindelwald Estate. So Yvaine had potential lines of Slytherin, Gaunt, Grindelwald, Dumbledore and Dreyfuss. However as she was a female only the Dreyfuss title could pass to her as Magical Britain was known for being rather backwards and patriarchal. When Nazi Germany invaded France in 1940, Yvaine was eight and studying at a Pre-Beauxbatons school known as St Michaels. War hit Saint Michaels hard. The Dreyfuss's were Jewish and magical so they had to flee attacks by the Vichy French, the Nazi Schutzstaffel and the Nazi Thule Society which was in league with Grindelwald's the Knights of Walpurgis. At the age of ten. Yvaine found herself with the Resistance in the North of France along with David and Elaine. Two years later at twelve she was a fully-fledged member of the Resistance with ten kills to her name both Nazi and Knights. She had come up with a novel way of using wand-wood and cores as the handle scales on a captured German Luger which she had engraved with runes. To both her and her parent's utter shock, it worked. The steel alloy for the