Summary: "The problem here, professor Dumbledore, is that you keep on wondering what my position on the board is. I started off as your pawn, then at some point I became a useful bishop; but suddenly you see yourself wondering if I might not just be the black queen." Hermione looked at him then, and smiled softly, "And what you don't realize is that we are not playing chess anymore." Disclaimer: None of the characters in the Harry Potter universe belong to me. Any who are not mentioned in any of the books, do. Warnings: This is not a fic with a main female pairing, so no Hermione/Pansy Femslash (at least openly and as main couple. Some of their interactions might come close to being defined as such). They are just, both, the main characters. However, there will be (both heterosexual and) homosexual pairings, or in general homoerotic sexual innuendo. Also, if you are bothered by open relationships, threesomes or similar, this is not the fic for you. It will also contain rape or mentions of rape, violence , torture, gore-ish details, and murder . Consider yourself warned. I would also like to point out that I do not approve of some of the actions of my characters, and that anything written here is from their point of view, and therefore not necessarily my own opinion. Universe: This starts a few days after the beginning of the sixth book. Please let me know what you think! Coven. Ch. 1: Book " The Coven is to the witch as the wand is to any wizard: the means to bring out her true power to its culmination. " Hermione frowned and closed the book, checking the cover once again. In golden, almost faded letters, stood the word "The Coven", and nothing else. She had assumed the name of the author had been eroded with time, as it was obviously an old tome, but now she started to suspect it might not have ever been there at all. As far as she knew, covens were a muggle, misguided concept. They had never existed, and the only purpose the word had ever served had been to condemn women –generally muggle– to die burning at the pyre. She had been thrilled to find a reference to them in a book in the Hogwarts library, and had assumed it would be a proper analysis of muggle and wizarding history, possibly related to the Salem Witch Trials. Merlin knew it was something purebloods loved to use against anyone promoting muggle-wizarding relations. However, this old volume seemed to be some sort of serious description of a coven, which as far as she knew, was utter bullshit. If something such as covens existed, they would have been mentioned, at least, in history class. Besides, there was not even an author's name printed in the cover! Most likely it was somebody's private property, having ended in a shelf without the approval of Madame Pince, by some kind of mistake. She opened it again at random, not properly checking the page, and read another sentence. " It is through blood that the Coven is truly tied, it being the link between flesh and soul, the true connection between the cores of the sisters." Hermione raised her brows at that. Was it saying that covens were made by true, biological sisters? Whatever it was, the book clearly did not belong in the history section. She took it and headed for the entrance, with every intention of bringing it to the attention of the librarian. As she turned around, a sharp sob drew her attention, and she was faced with the unwelcome mug of Pansy Parkinson. She had just come out from behind some shelves, rather dishevelled, quickly making her way without looking, headed straight for Hermione. "Hey!" she drew her attention, making her halt in surprise, her eyes tinted with no small amount of horror. Upon realizing it was Hermione, her expression quickly turned into a sneer, and she definitely intended to walk past her. However, Hermione's harsh gasp seemed to make her falter, and her question stalled her. "What happened to you?!" she exclaimed, rather loudly. Parkinson blushed furiously, and snapped harshly "It's none of your fucking business, mudblood." But Hermione could see she was lashing out in self-defense there, as she must be mortified at being seen in such a state, specially by her. "Who did this to you?" Hermione insisted, now that they were facing each other, being even more certain that someone had struck the other girl quite hard on the face. As she prepared to say something probably even more hurtful, in part to deter her questioning, Malfoy came out of behind the same obscuring shelves, and halted in surprise. After a second, he gave them both a hateful glare and kept on, as if he had not just been caught by Hermione in an obviously bad position. "Did Malfoy hit you?" she could not help but ask, in surprise. The way Parkinson always followed him in adoration, she had assumed they had a good relationship. At that, the girl went even more red if possible, and in a second she had her wand out and was pointing at Hermione, with a speed and precision she would have never thought the rather lazy Slytherin girl capable of. Hermione let out a strangled "eeep" and quickly ducked to dodge the blasting curse that had been aimed at her head. In a second, the furious, hellish yell coming from Madame Pince made them both stop –Pansy in the middle of throwing some other curse at her, herself with her wand already in hand in order to retaliate–. They turned around at the same time, faced with the angry woman, scraps of pages from the books that had been behind Hermione floating and dancing all around them. Parkinson had been caught mid-spell, and so did not even bother to feign innocence. But Hermione had already started to look up to the woman hopefully, honestly scared about almost losing her head so suddenly, when she was completely interrupted. "What were you thinking, fighting like this! You are not at an age where a silly expelliarmus will not do you any harm, this is real duelling we are talking about!" she exclaimed indignantly. "And, worst of all, amongst the books!" she pointed out at the mess all around them, voice shrill, clearly considering that the worst possible consequence of their actions. "I am extremely disappointed," she said, fixing her gaze on Hermione, "I did not expect such actions from any of you two." "Right now, the both of you will repair all these books and leave them impeccably settled into their rightful places! I do not care if you miss dinner, I do not care if it takes you the whole night, and I definitely do not care whether you think it is unfair!" she proclaimed, thunderously. "But I didn't do anything!" Hermione exclaimed, having clearly been the victim there. Madame Pince took one look at Parkinson's very red cheekbone, which would certainly become a beautiful violet the following day, and seemed unconvinced. She looked at Hermione warningly and, after a final glare, just turned around and stormed off. Parkinson smirked smugly at her, and Hermione just frowned and pointed at her own cheek, raising an eyebrow. That made her glare once more. "We just better get this whole mess fixed soon, I don't feel like starving tonight." Hermione suggested, turning to the books and looking at the scene, troubled. Where to start? The little bits and pieces were all mixed up. What was a good spell for that? A sorting spell, then a reparo ? Would that be enough? "Why should I clean this, like some ordinary house-elf?" Parkinson complained, looking down on the paper scraps as if they had personally offended her. "Well, firstly, because you actually are the reason we are stuck here; having made all this mess while trying to kill me" she emphasized, at which she just got an eye-roll. "And, secondly, because if you don't help me, I certainly have some nice blackmail material to use against you." Parkinson gasped indignantly, bringing and extended palm to the centre of her chest, "You wouldn't!" she exclaimed, but clearly cared enough to be fearful of the possibility. She dramatically huffed, and got down to look at their problem herself, grimacing as if it physically hurt her to succumb to such plebeian tasks. After half an hour of frustrating results they discovered that the only way to reconstruct something so very small and so very well mixed, was to treat the whole thing as a fluid. That got them a nice pile of all the pieces. After that, Parkinson actually suggested a spell to separate different densities, as parchment always turned out slightly different, and therefore each page should be separable is they had enough precision. Hermione reluctantly admitted it was a good idea, and left the other girl to the separation, while she tried to repair the pages one by one. Setting all the pages back into the right order, into the right book, and with the right cover, would require a few hours of actual reading, at which Parkinson audibly groaned. "Granger, what do you think this is?" she asked, after three hours had passed between purely professional comments related to their work, and almost no disrespectful insults. Hermione turned around and looked at the crystal, ornate and elongated object. It looked like some kind of ornamental element, roughly shaped like a wand, with a multitude of engraved details and small, pointy adorns. She reached for it, wondering if it could have fallen from a chandelier, and if they were expected to repair that too. But, as her hand settled upon Parkinson's, the other girl gasped and moved away so fast she roughly scraped both of them with the crystal, its weird shape cutting deep, and making blood drops fly around. "What the hell?" Hermione yelled, after the initial high cry, bringing the bleeding wound in her finger to her lips. Parkinson was doing the exact same thing, hateful glare back in place. "Don't touch me, filth!" she venomously yelled, eyes wide open and looking horrified. Hermione flushed red with rage at that, and spat back, "I may be filth, Parkinson, but at least no man could ever dream to backhand me like that and live to tell the tale!" she screamed back, knowing she would hurt her more going after her pride. Parkinson snarled and showed her teeth, going after her wand again, but this time Hermione was already pointing at her, breathing heavily, and that made her stop impotently. "You think yourself so much better than me," she growled, "but the truth is that the only thing you are good for is being used as coin by your father, to get himself some good business with any man he gives you to. Whatever you do in your life, whatever you learn in Hogwarts, whatever you think, or feel, or want; it doesn't matter. One day, he will come, point at some random guy you might not even know, who might be violent, who might never respect you, who might be repulsive, or twice your age, or even a fucking relative; and you will have to smile, and spread your legs, and breed like the cow you are," she snarled violently, shaking with rage. "So do not fuck with me, Parkinson. Smile, be pretty, and shut your trap; like you are supposed to do." She bit out venomously, enjoying every word and hoping to hell she actually hurt her. Parkinson just stared at her, so intensely she might actually be seeing through her, and then suddenly stood, disregarding her pointing wand, and left the room with an indignant stomping, the glimmer of tears in her eyes. Hermione woke up suddenly at the sound of her alarm spell, briefly disoriented. She usually woke with the morning light