Disclaimer: Harry Potter isn't mine. Chapter 1 Who is June Potter? A fashionista. That's what Molly called June, but after spending the summer with her, Sirius knew she was full of it. He was willing to tell anyone who would hear it. How that woman could simply brush off the fact that… His goddaughter was absolutely bonkers. Now, he had only met her a hand full of times, but each of those times, it seemed like he had met a different person. The only time he had met "the real" June was about two years ago and lasted all of two minutes. Every other time she was someone else. June was playing a never ending game of dress up. Everyone seemed to be enamored by all of her costumes and skillful designs. Since her third year, there hadn't been one addition of Witch Weekly that didn't feature her. Witches and wizards wrote from all over the world to have a custom made June Potter outfit. He was the only one who saw something wrong with her strangeness. Well, he wasn't the only one… "Who do you suppose you'll be picking up, Lupin?" Snivellus drawled in his typical superior tone. Sirius hated that he was included in Order meetings. "Saint Nick?" Remus smiled nervously, as if he had to be afraid of Snape. "I rather liked the few times she imitated me, actually. Although I couldn't look at her with a straight face when she had the fake mustache on." Snape rolled his eyes, but before Sirius could insult him, Dung spoke up. "I really don' know what yer all are talkin' about. Not once 'ave I seen her dress up. She's got a mouth on her though." "You're telling me." Tonks shivered. She watched out for June when she wasn't working. "She told her aunt she was going to burn her alive a few weeks ago." The entire table fell silent. Usually, when the meeting was over, there was a lot of meaningless chatter. The members would try to bring the cheerfulness back into their lives, despite the horrible future they were trying to prevent. Or perhaps that was why. One couldn't spend all of their time dreading and fearing. Even Snape seemed to be in shock. June was sweet, overly excited, and although Sirius hated to admit it, a bit annoying. Never in a million years could he picture such a threat leaving her mouth. Finally, Snape smirked. "So we finally know the real Juniper Potter." Sirius was too stunned to say anything. What if he was right? Her scruffy hair was cut short, like a boy's. That made it easier for her to wear wigs, since constantly charming her hair damaged it. Sirius couldn't recall ever seeing her without one. She was angry with Ron and Hermione, which is why she wasn't talking to them. Actually, she wasn't doing much talking at all. She was more watching. A small smile touched her lips at the sight of Nymphadora. Sirius wondered if she was jealous of her. "I don't think I've ever seen you without makeup on," Remus said awkwardly to break the ice. "Or at least without some sort of getup." Large green eyes settled on Remus, taking him in and making him squirm in discomfort. The smile fell. "I didn't know you all were coming." Her voice was a soft monotone, causing Sirius to start to worry even more. Was she upset with them? Or was this simply how she talked when she wasn't pretending to be someone else? Remus forced himself to smile. "We worried about letters getting intercepted." "Hmmm…" She went back to eating, or more like pushing her food around. "Is that why I hardly got any?" It was a jab at them, or at least Sirius supposed it was. Again, her voice was flat. Her fork was to her lips, and Sirius saw something flash in her eyes before she opened her mouth and started eating. She regained complete control before he could try to decipher what it was. "Oh well, deary…" Molly smiled sweetly. "You were asking… questions that-that you don't need to worry about. Leave it to the adults." "Actually," Sirius tried, but as always, Molly cut in, as if this was her house, her goddaughter. "They are just children," Molly pressed firmly. "There is no need—" "DON'T FUCK WITH ME!" June clenched her tiny fists. If Sirius didn't know any better, he'd say this wasn't June. The June he knew didn't yell or even get angry. He didn't even recognize her voice since it was raised. No one else recognized her either. Sirius glanced at Hermione and Ginny whose mouths were hanging open. Even the twins looked afraid, but for June or Molly, he didn't know. The only one who didn't look surprised was Ron. "You expect me to sit around with a fucking target on my back all summer and don't even have the decency to talk to me like a human being," June spat. "What? Do you think I'm some sniveling infant that shits her pants all day?" Before anyone could react, June rose from her seat and stomped off. No one said a word, not even Sirius. Because in a way, he thought she was right. Sirius was planning on talking to June the next morning. Molly was near tears, and her behavior was far from acceptable. He didn't want to admit that he was a little afraid. Everyone was. But then… They were concluding a morning Order meeting. The slime ball Snape was just leaving when in popped Princess June, and by princess, he meant princess. "Oh, 'ello peasant!" she said cheerfully to Snape. She was wearing a tight black corset and a short leather skirt. There was even a silver crown nestled in her huge blonde wig that was billowing about her shoulders and styled in pigtails. The ruby in the center matched her lipstick and stiletto heels. "Are you joining us for breaking our fast?" Snape rolled his eyes. "No, I prefer to eat without the stench of cheap perfume assaulting my nostrils." "Cheap!" June erupted with laughter and slapped Snape on the shoulder. "The poor bloke can't distinguish fine fragrances from what he is forced to buy for his suitors! What a shame! What a shame! We really should make him a plate, even if someone of his class can't eat with us." Snape muttered an insult under his breath that made June laugh loudly and then slunk off to the floo. Yet again, Sirius found himself speechless, even though this was typical June behavior. Every costume had its own personality. With a kind, innocent smile that reminded him of James, June pulled a gold rose out of her hair and offered it to Molly. "I apologize for my dreadful behavior yesterday, my love. My summer holiday has truly been dreadful, but one should not take such things out on her loyal subjects!" With the shaking hand, Molly took the rose, and, so quickly that Sirius jumped, June snatched her into a hug. She didn't let go until Molly returned her hug and closed her eyes as if pained, reminding Sirius of Lily when she hugged her mother before leaving for Hogwarts. Sirius felt a lump form in his throat. What was wrong with his goddaughter? "June?" They were fixing up Grimmauld. Sirius couldn't put his worries into words until a few days later. He had to. Everyone else was used to June's constant personas. Her temper tantrum from her first night here was quickly forgiven. "Yes?" She was wearing a Hogwarts uniform, but not her own. The badge on her sweater was Hufflepuff's. Her wig was a honey brown and curly. She wore no make-up and brown contact lenses. Compared to yesterday, when she was dressed up as an elderly woman who doted upon him, she was working very hard. "Is everything alright?" he said slowly. "How are you feeling?" She gave him a warm smile. "It's good to feel tired when you're working. It means you're doing a good job, that you put everything you've got into it." "I d-don't mean physically," Sirius stuttered. "I-I'm worried about you." She titled her head to the side. "Why? I'm very happy to be spending time with you, Sirius. You're very important to me." Sirius was so touched that he almost pulled her into a hug and forgot about what he was trying to say. Then he saw the Hufflepuff badge. The real June wasn't talking to him. Or was she? In a way, everyone chooses how they want to present themselves. June simply does it in a more flamboyant way. Did she mean her words? "I don't know what to say," Sirius said honestly. "June, I feel like I don't know you. I feel like no one does." Her smile faltered. She saw his words as a rejection. "Fucking typical." "Excuse me?" Sirius said in disbelief. There was that flash again. The flash that he saw at dinner that night. "Why don't you go back to your booze? Fucking pig." "Don't talk to me like that!" Sirius yelled, but it was already too late. June was gone. "She goes to the library," Remus whispered as they sat down for that night's Order meeting. "When she's upset. You really should talk to her, Sirius." "Why don't you?" he grumbled. He wasn't smart enough for mind games. He tried and obviously failed. "I did," Remus said quietly. "She never lies when she's a Hufflepuff student. Because she's acting like a Hufflepuff. Honest, loyal, hardworking. She said she told you how important you are to her, and you said you don't know her enough to feel the same way." Great. Sirius moaned and slammed his head on the table. "I was trying to talk to her about the dressing up. She was dancing around the subject. I thought she was just saying that to distract me!" Realization filled Remus's eyes. "She's been through a lot. I think it's her way of coping with what happened during her first few years of Hogwarts. And Cedric's death. Her friend died, Sirius. She's angry." "It's more than that," Sirius muttered just as Snivellus sat down across from him. This day just keeps getting better and better. "Can't you sit anywhere else? Like in the oven?" Snape said nothing. In fact, he looked rather grim, not his usual smug, superior, grim either. He only spoke when spoken to the entire meeting. His reports weren't ended with his usual not so subtle hints that he was being useful while Sirius wasn't. "Potter's hurt," he said gravely at the end of the meeting. "With that ridiculous royal getup, she usually wears a choker collar and boots to her knees, which were swollen the last I saw her. Makeup can only do so much." Sirius rushed up the stairs without further explanation and ripped open the door to the room June shared with Hermione and Ginny. Hermione was reading, and Ginny was listening to music with a Muggle device called headphones. Both girls looked at him curiously, but not June. She was sound asleep cuddling with the fat stuffed stag he sent her for her birthday last year. She looked so peaceful and happy. Snape had to be wrong. "Junebug?" Sirius asked lightly. Well, his voice cracked, so maybe not as lightly as he hoped. He hadn't called her that since she was a baby. "Can we talk?" She was dressed as a construction worker as they painted a newly habitable spare room in Grimmuald. Like the stereotypical builder, she looked over her shoulder, leered at him, and elbowed Ginny. "The pretty one wants a word with me." "June!" "Think he'll put out?" June asked out the side of her mouth. Ginny snickered. "Definitely." "Juniper Lily Potter," Sirius somehow managed to growl even though he was sure his face was getting redder by the minute. With a dramatic sigh, she put her paint