Disclaimer: Harry Potter isn't mine. Violet Potter and the Shredded Soul Violet didn't know what she expected to come out of the giant cauldron. A pale demon of some sort hell bent on destroying them all. She was almost certain she was going to die. But then a boy stepped out. He seemed around her age and looked so familiar that Violet started shaking in her ropes. It wasn't a monster Pettigrew was summoning. It was Tom Riddle. But it wasn't. Pettigrew was shaking almost as much as she was, but Riddle didn't seem to recognize his loyal servant. He looked… confused, like he didn't know where he was, even though his cold voice was hissing orders to Pettigrew just moments ago. His dark eyes focused on her and flashed with anger. So he did remember. "What is the meaning of this?" Or not. Pettigrew trembled. "M-My lord?" Riddle stepped out of the cauldron, only to freeze when he realized he was naked. Violet looked away as Pettigrew handed him a robe with a shaking hand. "What are you talking about?" he demanded as he snatched the robe out of his hand. "What did you do to this girl?" Violet gulped. This had to be a trap. The only question was how she was going to get out of it? "Albus," Severus whispered as the crowd started muttering in confusion. Potter and Diggory were nowhere to be seen. "Wait," was all the headmaster would say, thinking that his Mark was acting up again. That wasn't it at all, actually. The Mark was surprisingly numb. No one was watching. No one important anyway. Lucius was staring, but Severus knew he was having the same problem. Almost roughly, he dragged Albus out of the Quidditch Stand. They didn't speak a word until they were nearly at that oaf Hagrid's hut. "Look." Severus lit up the area with his wand to show Albus his left arm. Pieces of the Dark Mark were gone, like it was shredded to pieces. He couldn't help but be terrified and ridiculously hopeful at the same time. Could it be disappearing? "Oh dear…" For once, Albus seemed speechless, but only momentarily. His blue eyes turned hard but did not lose their twinkle like they usually did when something horrible happened. "It would seem… that like Lily, Violet is incapable of pure hatred. It seems to have caused quite the problem for Voldemort." Severus waited, but Albus's words didn't become clear until Potter returned, with the Dark Lord. "What is the meaning of this?" Tom pointed his wand at the man who foolishly gave it to him. There was a dull ache in his chest that wouldn't seem to go away. The last thing he remembered was finishing up his classes… on an evening in November. It wasn't nearly cold enough to be November. "My lord," the pathetic man begged. Tom tried not to look at his bleeding stump of a hand. "Please!" The girl in the ropes tried to use the opportunity of the man's distraction to inch her way to another boy, who was lying motionlessly on the ground. She froze when Tom pointed his wand at her. Their eyes met, and although he saw fear, he also saw an angry defiance. Tom didn't move his wand. "Explain. What did this man do to us?" She turned watery eyes to the other boy. "Cedric…" He walked over to her and crouched down to see that the boy was dead. For some reason, the ache in his chest intensified to the point that it was briefly unbearable. "… I'll let you go if you tell me. Where are we?" The girl swallowed as if she could push her fear down her throat where she could ignore it. "I'm not stupid," she said through gritted teeth. "I know you're going to try to kill me!" She was tied up, and he had a wand, but she still used the word "try." If he was trying to kill her, there would be no trying. She would already be dead. "What did I do wrong? What did I do wrong?" the man cried to himself as he cradled his butchered arm. If Tom was going to kill anyone, it was going to be him. "Listen," Tom lowered his voice, trying to be soothing, which was something he had never tried before in his life. No one who knew him would ever believe he was capable of it. "He obviously kidnapped me as well. What is he doing to us?" "Stop it!" the girl sobbed as she struggled in her ropes. "You killed my parents! Stop trying to make me think you won't kill me!" Again, there was that shattering pain in his chest as the girl became hysterical. Tom forced himself to stand. "I am," he somehow managed to croak, "not who you think I am." The girl stopped her struggles. "Tom Riddle," she snarled, disgusted to be saying his name. "Don't you remember me from two years ago? And the year before that?" No. Tom was sure he would remember such a lunatic. Where her parents even dead? Perhaps the quivering man drove her mad with whatever depraved activities he put her through. Since he was at a loss, Tom did something stupid. He pointed his wand at her ropes and severed them. The girl had a fragility about her that he confused with weakness. He didn't expect her to pounce on him as soon as she was free. Violet didn't know how she was going to get to Hogwarts. All she knew was that she had to knock out Voldemort and get the hell out of here. Pettigrew was too cowardly to try to fight her without protection from his master. She kicked, bit, and clawed at him as soon as they stumbled to the ground. And then his hands were around her throat. He didn't squeeze, but Violet foolishly held her breath as she waited for him to. They stared into each other's eyes, and for a brief second, she thought she saw her own. "I do not know you," he said firmly. His cloak was ripped, and his lip was bleeding from the fight. Besides his adrenaline charged panting, he didn't move. "I am a victim of…" He turned his head to Pettigrew's direction. Violet followed his gaze to see that the rat had finally fled. "Of…" "You are no victim!" Violet spat before kneeing him in the chest. "You killed my parents!" "I have no idea what you're talking about!" he coughed out loudly. Even though she was on top of him, Voldemort eased the grip on her throat and said, "I'm going to let go. Don't run." I should run, she thought as she slowly backed away. Somehow, she knew Voldemort— or was it Riddle?— was telling the truth. She just knew. It was almost as if, she was talking, she was the one telling the truth. "What day is it?" Voldemort asked, sounding genuinely curious and almost friendly, like he was requesting the weather forecast. "The last I remember, it was November." "June 24th." Violet paused. He looked like Riddle from the diary in second year, only a little younger. "1995." He thought she was a loon. Violet could tell. He shook his head and said slowly, gently, "It's 1941." Forty years before he killed her parents. Two years before he killed Moaning Myrtle. If he was telling the truth, he wasn't a killer. Not yet anyway. "We have to go back to Hogwarts. To see Professor Dumbledore." Violet figured that Dumbledore would know what to do. He always did. But this was also a test. Dumbledore was the only one Voldemort feared. If he really didn't remember, he wouldn't object. If he did, well, there was still time to run. Distaste flitted across Voldemort's features, but otherwise, he didn't seem bothered. "Let's go." The girl was beautiful. Tom didn't notice until they portkeyed back to Hogwarts, and she started shaking the dead boy, stupidly thinking her sobs could bring him back to life. There was an odd, childish innocence about her. An innocence that had clearly been threatened many times, but somehow was never able to be destroyed. She didn't shut up until the dead boy's father found his way to them. "What happened to my boy?" he wailed over the terrified murmurs of the crowd. The girl turned white as a ghost, and Tom gripped his chest as he felt that horrible pain again. It didn't go away until there was some distance between them. An old man with a false eye was leading her away. "Stupid," Tom muttered. He followed because there was nothing else he could do. There was no one in sight that he recognized, and it wouldn't matter if he did. He cared about no one. Or so he thought. He followed at a distance. This man, like the quivering bloody one, gave Tom an eerily terrible feeling. Something bad was going to happen. Only this time, he would be ready. The man was raving like a lunatic, and the girl actually accepted a cup of tea from him. She was stupider than he thought. "Cedric's dead," the girl cried. "I-I don't know what happened." "The Dark Lord," the man desperately demanded. "Did he rise? Is he alive?" "I…" The girl froze as the man grabbed her and squeezed her arms. Tom tightened the grip on his wand. He was hidden in the shadows, watching silently. "Yes." "And the Death Eaters?" He squeezed so hard she flinched. "Were they forgiven?" The girl gulped but held her ground. She was braver than Tom thought she would be. "Forgiven for what?" "For abandoning him!" the man snarled. "Traders! Cowards! They were only in it for themselves! They did not care about the Cause! They—" "It was you." Her voice was barely above a whisper, but it silenced the madman. "You-you're one of them." "I AM NOT ONE OF THEM!" the man screamed. "THEY ARE NOT WORTHY OF SERVING HIM! THEY ARE—" "Stupefy!" Tom smirked, satisfied by the thud of the man hitting the floor. The girl stared, open mouthed. "…You're welcome." She stopped gapping, only to frown. "He was talking about you." "There you are, Violet." Dumbledore. He sounded grim, but it was definitely his teacher. Tom turned around, only to see a much older version of the man he had in mind. The girl couldn't possibly be right. Dumbledore gazed at him as if he was forcing himself to look at an opponent. "Tom." "We have to kill him!" The more people spoke, the more confused Tom became. The black haired girl's name was Violet, which he supposed suited her. She seemed delicate like a flower, and like violets, there seemed to be something about her that had a healing quality. Or perhaps it was only him. Everyone else seemed to think that she was only the fragile flower. They didn't see the fighter. "Sirius…" There was a pleading, confused tone in her voice. "He doesn't know." "What?" Sirius spat, causing Violet to shrink into herself. "That he killed your parents?" "Sirius." Nothing about Dumbledore was pleading. He was requiring attention, and this Sirius fellow was all too willing to give it to him. "No!" he shouted. "Don't you dare listen to her! She has Lily's heart, but she doesn't have her spine!" "If Tom dies, he will return again, without a piece of Violet in him," Dumbledore said slowly, letting the words sink in. No one understood at first, but he did. That pain in his chest. It was hers. "The potion that was being used to resurrect him required the blood of an enemy." "We are enemies," Violet said. She glanced at him, almost in apology. Tom smirked, almost to himself. So much for enemies. "What are you talking about?" Sirius suddenly became concerned. He looked at Tom in disgust. "A piece of Violet in him." Dumbledore