Disclaimer: Harry Potter isn't mine. So, I will get back to Is It Too Late to Start Over? this week, but I was tired of writing a bunch of baby stuff. (My own fault, I know. :P) So I wrote this weird story with a weird pairing that I wasn't too sure about posting. But I liked writing it, so as Squidward would say, "Well, here you go." :) That Explains A Lot… The War was over. He was finally free. Part of being declared innocent also meant finally receiving treatment for his time in Azkaban and the effects of the Veil. It wasn't a cure all, but it was better than what he could get while hidden away at Number 12. St. Mungo's had a special room for those seeking to erase magical damage with their new treatment. The walls were all a startling white, and he had to lie floating above his bed for several hours, basking in pure healing magic. Harley said it reminded her of a giant Muggle tanning bed when she started teasing him about the special goggles he had to wear to keep himself from going blind from the light. "I'll be right here waiting," Harley said before he went in. Now that she didn't have Voldemort to chase after, she hardly ever left his side when she wasn't at school. She still hadn't forgiven herself for the Department of Mysteries Incident, which left him in a coma for nearly two years. Sirius raised an eyebrow. "And not going to the Malfoys' hearing?" Harley curled her lip in disgust. "I've been thinking. They don't deserve my testimony. They switched sides too little too late—" "And you said you wanted to pay off your life debt to Narcissa." Sirius smirked at her scoff. " And Hermione will never forgive you if you disrupt the peace efforts. Again. " That made her scowl turn into a pout. He often said that Hermione was the Remus of the group. Harley huffed and folded her arms over her chest. "How was I supposed to know the Parkinsons were neutral? Pugsy tried to give me up! I had every right to call them pureblood Death Eater scum. If anything, Hermione should've told me—" "You'll be finished before I am," Sirius pressed. Harley may be the hero of the wizarding world, but like himself, she had an occasional mean streak, which led to her not being well liked among the public. "Then, we can go on our trip to the country, and the only pureblood in sight will be our new dog… And me, of course," he added when she raised a thin eyebrow. "Hmm… Looks like you'll be outnumbered, Ley." Her pout lasted about half a minute longer before turning into a reluctant smile. "Then the dog will be a girl. A bitch like me." "What happened to not believing everything the papers say?" Sirius joked, earning himself an eye roll as Harley rose to leave. "Remember, the sooner you get them pardoned, the sooner you never have to see them again." Just as she reached the door, a healer opened the one behind him to tell him they were ready to begin the treatment. Harley looked worried. Sirius should've known that was a bad sign. "Do you have any other magical damage?" a mediwitch asked as she held a clipboard and a quill. "Burns? Scars from hexes? If you've had your memory erased, your memories will return. Mrs. Longbottom can remember her son's name now." Sirius wrinkled his nose as he put those stupid goggles on. "How would I remember if my memory was erased?" She shrugged. "I have to ask." "Right…" Although the pure healing magic was exceptionally bright, Sirius somehow managed to fall asleep. What he was seeing had to be a dream, it had to be. It was 1979 in early November. Sirius remembered that James was on a mission and had been missing for nearly three weeks. It was like he was unwillingly acting a scene out in a terrible play. He and Lily were drinking at the Potter home in Godric's Hallow. The Ministry had declared James dead after a charred body had been found in the forest near Malfoy Manor. They had yet to confirm it was James, but Lily identified her husband's smashed up glasses along with his wand, which was found several feet away. Sirius remembered this time all too well. Lily and James had barely been married a year year. She was a wreck, and he was the only one who stuck around to make sure she was alright. This was when he started to become suspicious of Remus, thinking Peter was too weak to be the leak. The particular night he was witnessing though, wasn't too clear in his head. He and Lily had been drinking, and he thought he put her to bed before leaving to sleep it off at his flat. "I-I spent more time hating the-the love of m-my life than act-actually l-l-loving him," Lily stuttered drunkenly before taking another swig of Ogden's Finest. "And now…" Sirius, being Sirius, was equally drunk. Remus would've been the responsible one in the situation and would've put them to bed hours ago. But Remus wasn't here, and Lily was too heartbroken to think clearly. "James made me promisssse," Sirius slurred, "to looks out for you if anything… you know. Happened." "You can't even take care of a house plant." Lily started laughing rather loudly at her own joke but almost immediately burst into tears. At first, Sirius was too drunk to notice she was crying. "I told him that you would have to take care of me if anything happened… Hey, Lily-Flower. Don't cry." Lily froze mid-sob. Tears were still streaming down her face as she reached out to slap him. Only James called her Lily-Flower. He grabbed her wrist to stop her though. There was no fiery anger in her bright green eyes, only sadness that matched his. The kiss was unexpected, but when she pulled away in shock at her own actions, he kissed her back. Everything else was a blur. "WHAT THE FUCK?" James had stumbled home the next morning, skin and bones but otherwise unharmed. Later, he told them that Death Eaters were hunting a Muggle through the forest like an animal, and he was trying to put a stop to it. He dropped his wand in horror when he saw the man being burned alive, and since he was vulnerable, they were hunting him for the next few weeks after putting up anti-apparition wards around the forest. They must've conjured glasses to look like his to torture Lily. Sirius blinked and covered his eyes, too hungover to handle the sunlight and his best friend's screams. He didn't even realize he was naked next to Lily until she started screaming in horror. Before he could process this, James grabbed Sirius by his shoulders and threw him into the hallway. He was screaming at Lily, but Sirius was too sluggish to really process anything. When James finally opened the door, he was half a sleep, naked in the hallway. Robes were thrown in his face, and Sirius's blurry vision could barely make out his best friend's messy hair, let alone the rest of him. "Get out," James spat. "I never want to see you again." When he finally put the pieces together, Sirius didn't blame him. Two weeks later, Sirius was living off Ogden's and old pizza when James showed up at his flat. He braced himself for the punches he deserved. James immediately started crying. "You two are everything to me," he sobbed. "I-I don't want to lose you!" "I'm sorry." There was nothing else he could say. He had no excuses, nothing that could make the situation better. He betrayed his best friend. "Lily…" James paused a minute and started crying even more hysterically. As his best friend, he should be the one comforting him, not the source of his pain. He was the fuck up his mother always said he was. He ruined everything he touched. "I just want this to go away. I want to forget it ever happened." "I'm sorry." Sirius looked at his feet. He didn't deserve to look at James, to call him his best friend. "I'll stay away from you from now—" "No." James balled his fists and tried to force himself to stop crying. "You're my best friend… Lily… She asked me to obliviate her. And I did." "What?" Sirius breathed out. He wanted this night to never have happened, but was it right to erase it from Lily's mind? To spend the rest of their lives acting like it never happened? "And I was wondering." James swallowed and wiped his tears away with the sleeve of his shirt. "If you could obliviate me." Sirius stared. So he was going to have to live with the guilt in silence for the rest of his life. He supposed he deserved that, but he wasn't sure if he could look James in the face ever again. "Is this… Is this what you want? To live a lie?" James's eyes became distant, and Sirius both feared and hoped that he would change his mind. "It was a mistake. Lily explained it to me before… It shouldn't have happened, and if we don't remember, then it'll be like it didn't." His hazel eyes focused and became determined. "I want my life back." "Okay…" Sirius lifted his wand and waited for James to nod, silently saying he was focusing on the horrible memory. This was so wrong, but he couldn't argue with his best friend, the man he hurt so much. "Obliviate!" James was in a daze, so Sirius sent him home, mumbling that he still needed time to recover. He spent the rest of the day wallowing in self-pity until Remus came over. "So…" Remus cleared his throat and blushed. "Uh, James wrote to me last night." All the blood drained from Sirius's face. No… James wanted this to go away. He wouldn't have told Remus. Remus cleared his throat again, obviously embarrassed. He was standing by the floo and kicked some of the soot that Sirius hadn't bothered to clean since he moved into the flat. "Ah…" "I can explain," Sirius said hoarsely. Remus turned a shade redder. "You could never just let them be." Sirius closed his eyes, preparing for the verbal assault that he deserved. "James said in his letter that you couldn't give them alone time when you heard he was alive. That you walked in on the two of them having… intercourse just as Lily was… finishing." "He said what?" Sirius said stupidly. Remus laughed awkwardly. "You know what I mean. He said he cancelled his welcome home party because you've made Lily uncomfortable. He was wondering if I could obliviate you for him." Sirius gaped in shock. He didn't deserve to be freed from the memory, not like James. "But…" "Come on, Padfoot." Remus rolled his eyes. "You really embarrassed Lily. She never wants to hear of it again. So can you please focus on the memory so we can get this over with?" "Y-yeah." If he refused, Remus would think he was some sort of pervert. He was too ashamed to tell him the truth, too afraid that he would tell James what really happened. "Sorry. I thought I was just supposed to act like it never happened." Remus shrugged. "I guess she wants you to unsee it, mate." He held up his wand. "Now, focus on the memory." Sirius nodded numbly, thinking about what little he could remember. Being kissed by Lily, kissing Lily. James finding them, naked in bed. "Obliviate!" The Sirius in 1979 couldn't remember, but the Sirius in 1998 was struggling to get out of the memories, if they could be called that and not some medically induced side effect. Before he could break free, he had another flashback,