A/N: Wow. This is the longest I've worked on a story. Rick Riordan owns PJO. Popularity Percy and Annabeth were best friends. They met when they were only four, toddlers barely comprehending their surroundings. But even Annabeth at that age could tell how beautiful Percy's eyes were as they played in the sandbox. A kid told Annabeth she was stuck up. Percy shoved him to the ground. From then on they were unseperatable. Going to each other's houses, studying together, you name it. They even had the same teachers in elementary school! But it was middle school when everything changed... "Do you have a crush on anyone?" whispered Annabeth to Percy at their lunch table, just as they were trading blue chocolate chip cookies for cheez-its (it's a tradition, really). Percy's heart nearly jumped to his throat. He has had a crush on Annabeth for a couple of years, but she never suspected that. "Uh...um...no?" Percy said. "Do you?" Annabeth nodded fervently. She leaned across the table and whispered in Percy's ear so softly, he could barely hear. But the name pierced the air like an arrow. "Luke." Annabeth pointed giddily to the popular table at the blonde haired boy. Percy's world basically crashed down on him. All he said was a plain "Oh." Annabeth's eyebrows furrowed for a moment, but the concern passed. "He's just so handsome, you know?" "Are you implying I'm gay?" said Percy jokingly. Annabeth playfully slapped him on the back of his head. She proceeded to say charming characteristics of Luke, all the while having a dreamy look on her face. Percy put on a fake smile, just to appear happy for Annabeth. A month later, Luke invited Annabeth to his table. She had looked at Percy, asking a silent I don't want to leave you, do you want to come? Percy shook his head, and mouthed You can go. I'll be fine. Annabeth shot him a brilliant smile, and Percy sighed as Luke steered her to sit next to him. Annabeth started to drift farther and farther away from him; they never hung out anymore, and Annabeth started to wear makeup. God, she looked more and more beautiful every passing day. But Percy was just a nobody, and nobodys just weren't friends with somebodys. Percy still flashes Annabeth grins down the hallway, and she always smiles back...not knowing how much heartbreak she's causing Percy. But eventually they drift even farther away, and Percy hangs out with his cousins Nico and Thalia. Sighing, Percy walked down to his last class of the day: gym. Percy changed out of his sweaty uniform, and went out of the locker room. Luke and his cronies were standing outside, waiting for him. Percy noticed Luke had a new scar; it ran down from his eye to the corner of his mouth. Luke took a step forward towards Percy. Luke grabbed Percy by the collar, and dragged him outside. The cronies followed. Luke roughly shoved Percy to the wall. "Now, listen here," hissed Luke. "Stay away from Annabeth, 'kay? And nobody gets hurt." Percy shoved Luke off of himself. "Annabeth's my friend. You can't just say that I can't see her anymore!" Luke narrowed his eyes at Percy. "Now, listen boy. Annabeth apparently likes you. And if I'm going to date her, she can't like any other guy, got it?" Percy gulped visibly. "You're...you're...going to ask her out?" "Yeah," snorted Luke. "Can't believe you haven't figured that out already." Percy's resolve hardened. He got in Luke's face and said, "Nothing is going to stop me from being friends with Annabeth." Something in Luke's eyes snapped. Suddenly, Percy pushed against the wall again, with Luke gripping Percy's shoulder blades. "You think you can take me?" sneered Luke. "You're pale and scrawny. I don't even know why Annabeth even talks to you. Why should she choose you over me?" Percy's nose wrinkled in disgust from the arrogance practically radiating from Luke. "Because I'm not a selfish bastard unlike someone here," Percy replied slowly. That's when the rain of punches came. Luke's cronies held Percy down as Luke delivered blow after blow. Percy could smell blood- probably his bleeding everywhere- and dots appeared in his vision. Punch. Punch. Punch. Insult. More punches. Kick. Percy was starting to black out, but right before he drifted into unconsciousness, he heard a girl scream, "What do you think you're doing, Luke?!" "Percy?" whispered a voice. Percy groaned, and opened his eyes into little slits. A blinding white light was burning his eyes from above. "Mom?" "Oh, sweetie," said Sally Jackson. "What happened?" "You know Luke Castellan?" said Percy. Sally nodded. "Well, he likes Annabeth, and unfortunately, that means taking out competition. Like me." Sally looked appalled. She shook her head in dissappointment. "Teenage boys these days. Letting violence be the answer." Percy moved a little, and moaned some more. Every bit of him ached, and he could hear people talking, and beds being pushed around outside of his door. "Am I at the hospital?" "Yep, and you should thank Annabeth. She saw Luke beating you up, honey, and brought help. I think she went home," said Sally with a light smile. She had always been fond of Annabeth. Suddenly, Sally's countenance became serious. "Percy, I've been meaning to tell you this, but..." fumbled Sally, looking for the right words. "What, Mom?" said Percy softly; even speaking hurt. "Well, it's just that..." started Sally again. "You know how I want to write books, right?" Percy nodded. "Um...well... I got a job. To co-write a book. With a man named Paul Blofis," said Sally, slightly out of breath. Percy beamed. "Good for you, Mom! You're finally achieving your dream!" "About that..." Sally said nervously. "Honey, Mr. Blofis lives in Miami, Florida." Percy blinked. "And...?" "It means we're going to move there for two years, until I finish the book with him." Sally looked at Percy intensly, wondering what his reaction would be. Percy just stayed silent. After a full two minutes, he said, "When are we moving?" Sally's pursed her lips. "Tomorrow." "WHAT?! How come I never knew?!" "Sweetie, you were just so happy here, and I thought that when I will be telling you this, we would not be in a hospital!" Percy paused and sighed. "Can I say goodbye to my friends?" "Perhaps it'll be best if they come visit you here if they can," said Sally, reaching out for her son's hand. "Can I call them?" "Of course." Three phone calls later, two responding and one voice mail, Thalia and Nico burst into Percy's hospital room. "That little son of a-" shouted Nico, but Thalia slapped a hand on his mouth. She glared at Nico. "I know that Luke is a SOAB, but this is a hospital. Would you like to hear people scream profanities while you're in pain?" "OF COURSE!" Percy fake- coughed to get his cousins' attention. Thalia and Nico ran to Percy's bed and hugged him tight. They were never the huggy type of family, but hey, when your cousin that you love got the shit beat out of him, there got to be some hugging. "Ow ow ow," groaned Percy. Thalia shook Percy by the shoulders. "God! YOU'RE LEAVING?! AND YOU NEVER TOLD ME! AND YOU GOT THE SHIT BEAT OUT OF YOU! DON'T YOU KNOW I CAN MURDER LUKE WITH ALL MY LIMBS TIED BEHIND MY BACK?!" "Exactly what she said," said Nico. Then he muttered,"Coming from the girl who said not to even say profanities in hospitals." The only response they got from Percy was: "Ow, ow, ow." "Where's Annabeth?" said Nico. Percy, still recovering from the pain of Thalia's iron grip, moaned, "She went to some summer debate camp. Couldn't get ahold of her." "That sucks," said Thalia bluntly. "Are you going to say goodbye to her before you leave?" "If I don't see her, can you guys tell her that she's the best best friend a person could ask for, and I'll miss her?" plead Percy. "Sure. But I'm not going to remember those words, so I'm going to 'mix it up' a bit," said Nico with a devious smile. Percy rolled his eyes, and looked at Nico seriously. "Promise?" Nico saluted. "Promise." The cousins hugged again and said their goodbyes. Percy lugged his luggage onto the baggage cart, and followed his mom through the mob of people at Miami Airport. After spending half an hour checking out, Percy and Sally took their first breaths of Florida air. Salty. Percy grinned to himself. He could get used to swimming in the ocean everyday. After a few months of living in Florida, Percy had a killer tan and a hardy appetite. He was still a loner at school, though. Another few months later, Percy had a growth spurt, and his jet black hair became longer, more shaggy. Percy became tall and lean. He made friends at school. Their names were Jason, Piper, and Leo. Jason was the school's golden boy. Smart and athletic, many kids looked up to him. Piper was the definition of beauty, with an attitude to match. Leo was basically nuts, and liked to crack jokes and set things on fire. (Unfortunately, Percy's shorts was a victim of Leo's stunts) Sally became happier, sometimes singing under her breath at home while baking her blue chocolate chip cookies. Percy asked how her book was coming along. Sally only smiled real wide, and said it was coming along just fine. She sometimes had this dreamy look on her face. Soon, two years had come and gone, and Percy was hugging Jason, Piper, and Leo, reminding him of his farewell with Thalia and Nico years before. It was like rewinding a tape. Percy went in the airport with his mom again, and flew back to New York. Sally kept in touch with Mr. Blofis. "Dude!" "Kelp Head!" Thalia and Nico both screamed at the same time as they rushed towards Percy. Percy laughed. "Nice to see you too!" Students stopped in the hallway of Goode High to look at the reunited trio, and immediately whispers spread throughout the hallway. "Who's the hot new guy?" "He looks familiar." "Yeah, he does." "OMG! He's Percy Jackson!" Percy looked awkardly among the whispering students, and slinked behind Thalia and Nico to his next class. Turns out they all have the same schedule. When Percy walked into the classroom, all the heads turned to him, and Percy glanced uncomfortably around the room for a sign of blonde curls, to no avail. Thalia and Nico both took seats in the back of the room, and Percy followed them. Most of the people were still staring at him. It's probably because I have a tan thought Percy. Nobody gets tans in New York. "Hey, do you guys know where Annabeth is?" whispered Percy. Thalia's features immediately darkened. She turned to Percy with a sad and pitiful look. "Um, Percy, I don't know if you know this, but..." Percy urged her on with a vigorous nod of his head. "She's dating Luke." Time froze. Literally. It was like as if that moment was frozen, and Percy could examine all of the details of that exact second. Nico staring at him; Thalia's frown lines; a girl with blue eyes looking at them; a corny poster up on the wall. It can't be. Annabeth couldn't be dating Luke. Not what after Luke had done to Percy, if Annabeth had ever cared about Percy at all. Percy's head hung low. Maybe he had been too egotistical, thinking that everyone liked him. "Why?" he whispered. "Apparently, Luke made a show of how guilty he was, offered to pay your hospital bills, which he actually did, that bastard," scoffed Nico. "Then, he admitted his undying love to Annabeth in front of the whole freaking school, and said he would never hurt someone else intentionally. Seriously. That bastard." "Oh," said Percy. Class went by not quick enough, and so were all