A/N: Here we go again, another story in an alternate universe! Annabeth is a princess and Percy is a peasant. Hope you like it! Disclaimer: Rick Riordan owns PJO. "Mother," said seven year old Annabeth. "Can I go outside?" Queen Athena looked at her daughter peering at her from behind the armrest. Queen Athena sighed, and leaned back against her chair. "Yes, but bring Argon with you," said Queen Athena. "Make sure to stay within the boundries of the castle!" "Of course, Mother!" yelled Annabeth over her shoulder as she exited the room to find Argon. Annabeth shivered. Argon didn't let anything get past him; he should have eyes all over his body! Argon was that observant. Annabeth finally found Argon tending to the firewood in the living room, and nagged him about taking her out. Argon complied. Argon was gruff looking man with a not so gruff heard. He had neatly cropped black hair and whiskers on his face. The two opened the palace gates and Annabeth skipped ahead in a frenzy across the boardwalk to feel the grass beneath her feet. She heard Argon yell at her to slow down, but she didn't care. The young princess kicked off her shoes as she ran, and finally reached the small field beside the walkway to the castle's doors. Annabeth plopped herself down on the grass and rolled around, all the while giggling. She heard Argon sit down beside her. Annabeth rolled onto her stomach, and found that she had rolled all the way to the tall black metal gate surrounding the castle. Right beside the gate, there were lots of trees blocking Annabeth's view to the place beyond. Annabeth squinted and strained her ears. She could she the faint outline of a couple of cottages, and the busy murmur of voices of the village people. Annabeth turned to Argon. "Can we go out there?" Annabeth pointed to the village. Argon's eyes widened, as if in panic. "Sorry, your highness, but out there is off limits. For now." Annabeth frowned, and got up. Without a word to Argon, she trudged back to the castle, picking up her shoes along the way. She could hear Argon following her. Annabeth frowned. Why wouldn't anyone let her outside of the palace grounds? 9 years later Annabeth was sixteen now, and Queen Athena was pestering Annabeth with suitors. Today, a suitor named Prince Luke Castellan was visiting her from Herme's kingdom of Serpentus, and Annabeth was supposed to get ready and act like an elegant young lady. Pfft. As if. Annabeth screamed out in pain as Piper, her maid, brushed through a knot in Annabeth's blonde curls. Let's just say Annabeth wasn't fond of makeovers. Soon, through Piper's amazing beauty skills, Annabeth had her hair in a bun ontop of her head, with loose strands framing her pale face. Her eyes had grey eyeshadow on them, and she was wearing a sky blue poofy dress, with no straps. Annabeth frowned in the mirror. This wasn't her. If the suitor really liked her, then he wouldn't mind her wearing pants, would he? Then again, no lady wore pants in Annabeth's day. Piper smiled at Annabeth and guided her to the stairs leading to the dining room. Piper was beautiful, with or without makeup, with her kaleioscopic eyes and choppy brown hair. She should be the princess , Annabeth thought grudgingly. That would save me a lot of agony . Annabeth stomped down the stairs, trying not to trip in her dress. Queen Athena, in her dark midnight blue dress, King Frederick in his military uniform, and a young man with blond hair and blue eyes were waiting for her at the table. Annabeth sat down in a chair with a loud plunk! . Queen Athena glared at Annabeth, and Annabeth in return gave an innocent look. The young man spoke up. "I assume you're Princess Annabeth of Athens?" "Yep," said Annabeth. Queen Athena shot Annabeth another glare. "Yes," said Annabeth as she rolled her eyes. "We're going to leave to let you two get aquianted," said Queen Athena as she dragged the King out of the room with her. The young man turned to Annabeth. "I'm Luke Castellan, as you should know." To Annabeth, that sounded pretty cocky. "I'm Annabeth Chase, and I hope you didn't know me before this unless you want to be branded as a stalker." Prince Castellan seemed rather taken aback. He stiffened and held out his arm. "Walk with me?" Annabeth had no choice but to oblige, and held Luke's perfectly tailored blue suit sleeve. The two walked out to the palace gardens. Five minutes later, Luke left Athens with a red slap mark on his face. "PRINCESS ANNABETH CHASE!" roared Queen Athena. "That's the tenth suitor that's left. Do you want to rule this kingdom with someone or not?!" "I want to rule this kingdom with someone I like, and let's face it, Luke Castellan's a bastard," scoffed Annabeth. "You. Are. Grounded," growled Queen Athena, emphasizing every word. "And I'm going to send a message to King Hermes apologizing for your poor behavior, and hopefully Prince Castellan with come back. And you will marry him. No matter what." Annabeth's eyes widened. "What? I'm not going to marry him! I'm not!" "Yes you are. Unless you want to not be a princess anymore," said Queen Athena calmly. Steam practically fumed from Annabeth's ears, and she opened her mouth and closed it. Her mother would not appreciate the things Annabeth was about to say. Annabeth turned and stormed to her room in a blubbering mess. She locked the door and changed to flannel pajamas, and laid on the bed and cried and cried and cried. It was in the middle of the night, and Annabeth quietly slipped on jean shorts, a t-shirt, and sneakers. Athena would be appalled at the sight of her. Annabeth grabbed a black cloak with a hood, and draped it across her shoulders. She took her dagger with her, and a small pack of food, water, a notebook and pen, and money. Annabeth slung the pack around her waist, and tested her sneakers. They were handy for running. She smiled in satisfaction. Annabeth had no idea when she bought sneakers, shorts, and shirts, but she was grateful. Annabeth opened the grand window of her bedroom quietly, and slowly climbed down the castle walls, stopping every once in a while when a guard passed by. Finally, Annabeth had reach the ground, and looking both ways for signs of guards, she dashed to the gate wall, the exact place where she saw the villagers nine years ago. Annabeth got a firm grip on the iron bars, and hoisted herself up. She climbed up the eight foot gate, and landed in a messy heap on the other side. Annabeth slowly crawled to her knees, and looked for guards. None. She smiled in triumph, and took a long look at the palace before turning and heading for the village. Annabeth was shocked that the village streets were barren at first, but mentally scolded herself when she realized it was three in the morning. So she wandered the desolate streets in her dark cloak, and felt a cool summer's breeze. When she turned a corner, Annabeth found herself in a small barren field, with a walkway of grass leading to a small forest that led to the palace. Annabeth was about to turn around and go back to the streets when something blocked her way. A big, squishy (yet hard) thing. "Whaddya think you're doing, princess?" said the buff man. He had a cleanly shaven face with an eye patch and towered over Annabeth. Annabeth's breath hitched. "Um, I was just...walking. Yeah. Um...and I'm not a princess!" said Annabeth. "But you look like one. All pretty and such," said the buff guy with a nasty grin plastered on his face. Two figures appeared behind him, both tall and big males. Annabeth gulped. "Yeah, princess. You look like one," said the buff guy again. The other two males behind him laughed. "Honestly, if you think that's funny, you must all be idiots," said a voice. Annabeth whirled around to find a boy clutching a sword in one hand and a bag in the other. He was wearing a white shirt, a brown sleeveless jacket, and black pants. The buff guy's eyes narrowed, then he smirked. "Well, well. Isn't it the famous thief Percy Jackson? Off to steal another poor family's goods?" The boy, or this 'Percy' snarled. "I steal from the rich to give to the poor, like Robinhood, unlike you scoundrels who corners fair maidens in the streets." All three men growled, and lunged for Percy. Annabeth shrieked and back away, as Percy raised his sword and threw the bag off towards the side. The men had a slight disadvantage, though. They only had their fists, and soon enough, Percy had cut slashes on the men's arms. The men retreated to the haven of the trees. Percy, panting, rubbed his shaggy black hair and sheathed his sword. He proceeded to grab the bag, and looked at Annabeth. "What're you doing in the middle of the night? Trying to get yourself killed?" said Percy as he walked towards the street. Annabeth crossed her arms. "I was perfectly able to defend myself." "Right, right," was the response. Annabeth raised an eyebrow. "What's in that bag?" Percy turned to look at her. "Food. Medicine. Etc." "Where'd you get it?" "The royal supplies." Anabeth stood stock still. This guy was stealing from her parent for how long again? "Do you live around here? We only accept sane people," said Percy. Annabeth blushed profusely. "I am perfectly sane...and I don't live here." "You need a place to stay?" said Percy as he started to walk away again. Annabeth hurried her pace to catch up with him. "Um... yes I do." "Follow me." Percy led Annabeth down a winding set of allies, until they reached secluded area, where a cave covered in foliage was located. Percy walked through the vines dangling from the cave's entrance, and Annabeth hesitated a little before following him. Inside, there were some other teens rummaging through bags. They all stopped when they saw Annabeth. A girl with spiky black hair and electric blue eyes stood up and walked over to Annabeth to examine her clearly. "Who's this, Perce?" "I don't know." The girl rolled her eyes. "Nice job, bringing a stranger to our hideout." Percy shrugged his shoulders. "She needed a place to stay. Give me a break, Thalia." "When she calls the guards on us, don't blame me," Thalia said as she walked back to her spot on the cave floor and stole another boy's bag, taking an apple. "Did you all take that from the royals?" said Annabeth. Thalia smirked, then said proudly,"Yep." "Oh." A boy with dark hair and eyes spoke up. "What's your name?" "Annabeth," said Annabeth, then winced. She just told them her real name. "Really?" said the boy with dark hair and eyes. "I'm Nico." He pointed to the two twin brothers with brown hair and blue eyes. "That's Travis and Connor. Travis is taller. They're not twins. They're just brothers." Percy moved towards Annabeth, and whispered in her ear,"Travis likes Katie. She hasn't come back yet." After some time of silence, Annabeth noticed they were all wearing the same thing. White shirt black pants. Nico and Travis wore bandanas. Annabeth decided to ask the question that's been bothering her for some time now. "What do you do with all the stuff you take? Why do you even take it?" The cave seemed to darken. Suddenly, Thalia exploded. "It's because of those sorry excuses of rulers that tax us too much, and never spend the taxes right! We're all in poverty, and we're feeding and taking care of our family. Not everyone has a nice life here, got it?" Annabeth nodded. The others went back to eating.