I See Fire Rating: M Pairings: Draco/Hermione, Remus/Hermione, Lily/James Summary: Hermione knew the rules. She knew the consequences. She was playing with fire and far too close to the flame. Nevertheless, that familiar pair of green eyes, light brown hair and youthful grin made her enjoy the burn anyway. Time turner fic. AN: This story will not get out of my head. It will part of one a series. I See Fire will have a dash of Dramione, but a fair amount of Remus/Hermione and Lily/James with a Bi!Sirius with some serious pining. Comments and criticism greatly appreciated! Not sure how many chapters this will be but it will be nice and length. Updated weekly! Chapter One: Pieces of the Past She was never one to consider a Professor in a bad light (perhaps excluding Professor Snape, for good reasons mind you) but Professor Babbling was truly living up to her name sake today. Perhaps it was all the coursework weighing her down, but Hermione was tired. Physically and mentally drained, and the cool spring day from beyond the stuffy Runes classroom called to her like sweet music. Professor Babbling paced, the click of her abnormally large red heals across the stone floor, pacing in front of a drawing board filled with runes. They had finally moved from the history of Ancient Runes to what the Professor referred to as the "basics." While she could never admit it to Harry and Ron, the class bored her a bit. She had read through Ancient Runes Made Easy at least twice by now and quiet understood the basic numerical and alphabetical system. Professor Babbling was now going into great detail about the rune salamander and how it represented the number six. Hermione sank her head onto her hand, watching the front of the class with a sort of glazed expression. She truly hoped charms would be a bit more entertaining—after missing the Cheering Charm she was most egger to show Professor Flitwick she wasn't slipping due to her immense course load. She was just taking down a few notes on the life span of the salamander in the sun when a wad of parchment floated onto her desk and landed with a soft thud. Hermione's sigh was loud enough that Professor Babbling actually took a breath and cut her eyes toward her, before continuing about the importance of the number six in ancient wizarding mythology. She did her best to ignore the note. Yes, that would be the best course of action—do not rise to his taunts. It was Hermione's luck that Draco Malfoy had chosen Ancient Runes and his taunts over the semester had progressed to nearly unbearable. If he wasn't groaning that his arm would never quiet heal right, he was imitating Harry fainting or wondering what method the ministry would use when they decapitated Buckbeak. She imagined that the parchment that had found its way onto to her Ancient Runes notes would no doubt contain something infuriating about one of those subjects. Or perhaps he had moved back to his old taunts about her blood, bushy hair or buck teeth. She flicked the parchment into the floor with a tap of her quill and continued to work on her notes. Every now and then she would hear a snigger from behind her—or see the parchment levitating out of the corner of her eye but she did not rise to the occasion. Trying her patience with deep bags underneath her eyes, she endured his insufferable taunts until Professor Babbling ended the class with an abrupt silence, packing her things into a knapsack and clearing the board with an absent-minded wave of her wands. Hermione slowly packed her things, finishing the last bit of notes while she waited for the classroom to clear out. She would have to turn back twice to make it to charms—and she would need to do it quickly. Charms was half way across the castle from the Rune's class and she would be devastated if she missed another class. It was as she was shoving her books quickly into her bag that she saw the small ball of parchment float eye level again—that she realized she was not alone in the classroom. Spinning round on her heel, she glared at Malfoy angrily but didn't speak. She couldn't bring herself to open her mouth. She was sure she could only make matters worse if she did. Malfoy sauntered closer to her, his bag hanging lazily off his shoulder. Much had changed about Malfoy this year. Beyond being even more of an insufferable git, Malfoy had let his hair grow out and hang loosely, framing his face. If it wasn't that he was an absolutely slimly evil git—she would perhaps even admit that he had grown quiet nice to look at. Puberty was obviously beginning to work wonders for the boy. He had grown nearly a foot from their previous years and was beginning to lose his baby face. It did not change the fact that he was nearly intolerable. His sneering comments toward Harry and treatment of Buckbeak had reduced any stirring inside of her that might react to new found looks as it did other girls. Merlin knows she was no Lavender or Parvati. "What's the matter Granger," He laughed, circling her, "Don't want to read my note?" The class was empty save for the pair of them. Crabbe and Goyle couldn't make it through Rune's even if they tried. As much as she hated to admit it—Malfoy was second in his marks for their year, and nearly always out did her in in potions due to Snape's favoritism. Despite her obvious hatred of the blonde boy, he never felt threatened enough by her to leave her be. He knew that she would never attack a fellow student without being extremely provoked. Following rules was an unfortunate weakness of hers. "I am busy Malfoy. I don't have time for your games today. Sorry to disappoint," She gritted out, shoving her parchment roughly into her bulging bag. Malfoy stepped closer, tapping his fingers on her bag with a curious glint in his silver eyes. He cut his gaze toward her bag with a tilt of his head. His smirk turned her stomach. With a firm grip on her bag she took a step back from her desk. "Curious thing my father told me Granger, " He mused looking back up at her, stepping forward, "Have you heard that McGonagall petitioned the ministry over the summer for a Time-Turner?" Unconsciously she clutched the Time-Turner tucked underneath her robes. Malfoy didn't miss the action and she silently cursed herself as his smirk turned to a full blown grin. Hermione completely jerked her bag off the table as she scurried backward, her parchments flying out of her bag as it thudded on the floor. "How am I supposed to know what Professor McGonagall does and why?" she stammered out, "Piss off Malfoy! I have to get to class." The benefit of having longer legs, she supposed, was that it only took one long stride to bring him face to face with her again, nearly pressing her against the drawing board behind her. She had completely let go of her bag, leaving her belongings scattered across the floor haphazardly. "Oh," he whispered despite the empty classroom. He was close enough she could feel his breath on her cheek. "I think you have a good idea. Brightest witch of the age just a bit to over egger with her class load? My my, what would others think?" he pondered. She was helpless, gripping her wand, yet doing absolutely nothing. His fingers slipped under her robes, pulling the long gold cord out from underneath them. "Hermione Granger, Gryffindor Princess using a Time-Turner to fudge her marks." "I do not cheat!" Hermione yelped finding her voice. She grasped onto the chain as if it was her life source. Despite the fact, Malfoy did not let go of the Time-Turner. If anything her reaction seemed to egg him on. He grasped the pendent and ran his finger across the sand-filled vial. "Who would believe you? The evidence is all here. I assume you haven't even told Weasel or Potter. They haven't been to forgiving anyway. What would they think?" "They would never believe you," She spat fiercely, despite the fact she internally agreed. Harry and Ron have been angry with her for most of the year. After Harry's broom and loosing Scabbers, she doubted they would be very forgiving of her keeping a secret at all. His smirk had now blossomed into a full blown smile—teeth and all. She truly understood why the hat had placed him in Slytherin. "You know," He mused, "I didn't quite get full marks in potion's earlier. Longbottom was sharing a table with me and melted his cauldron." He tutted, his eyes fixed on the turner. "If I got a re-do, I'm sure we could keep this little matter between us. Our secret." She jerked the chain out of his grasp, moving quickly toward the door. Malfoy blocked her smoothly—his Seeker training clearly out matching her average physical abilities. "I will not break the rules for you!" she hissed, "Let me pass!" "I don't think I will!" He reached out quickly, grasping the gold chain firmly. "I don't think such a precious magical should be used by a mudblood alone." Like fire, Hermione felt the anger rolling beneath her skin. "Now if only you could catch the snitch as quickly as you grabbed my necklace, you might be able to win your house a match!" Malfoy's face screwed up in anger. If it wasn't for his tug on the Time-Turner, she would feel quite proud of herself. Physically she was no match for Malfoy, but she couldn't just let him take it. She had vowed to McGonagall to protect it at all costs. She struggled, gripping the chain hard trying to jerk it out of his grasp. Malfoy has backed her completely against the wall now and blocked her against it. "If I can't have it, I say we go on a little trip," he whispered savagely, taking the turner and with quick movements of his fingertips, set the pendent spinning. "Get off Malfoy!" She scratched, "You don't understand what you're doing!" She felt the familiar jolt of time running backwards and she panicked. There was no way to tell how far he was sending her back—with how fast the vial was spinning it could be days. Malfoy suddenly looked her in the eyes, all grins wiped clear off his face and replaced with pure terror. "What are you playing at Granger!" He yelled, grabbing for the pendent, "Make it stop!" "I can't stop it you idiot!" She retorted, trying to pull the pendent from his grasp. The sudden motion and Malfoy's desperate attempts to stop the spin of the vial was met with a sickening crack. She gasped, sand spilling out of the vial and whipping the pair in the face from the force spin. The reverse kept spinning faster, and it was all she could do to hold tight onto the golden chain, closing her eyes to keep from getting sick. She felt the motion; the spin of time faster than she had ever felt it before. It was like rewinding a film, expect she was the film. She could feel Malfoy grip her arm for some sort of balance as he groaned. How far back was it sending them? Weeks at least. A sharp jolt ran through her at the mere thought of it. Sure the time turner can rewind time—but no known way could send her forward. While the Ministry's Experimental Magic Committee certainly researched the topic, it was considered far too dangerous to go forward it time. If she went back weeks- even months—how could she get back? She would have to wait out the time. The thought made her lurch and she felt vomit