Okay everyone I know that other people have done this but I wanted to try this out, now please don't curse me out of anything. Thanks you guys, for everything. Set when everyone where still kids. The counsel were having a meeting like always, it was the Winter solstice, and Hades was there sitting on a Makeshift throne at the end. Everyone was there except Zeus who just came in. A lightning strike and Zeus is in the house. He looked at everyone and sat down. "Meeting Started" He sat down on his throne holding his bolt next to him. "Toda-" Several flashes later and a bunch on demigod came out all piled on the ground. None of the gods recognized any of the demigods save Hades who was staring at Nico. A moment past before all the gods and goddess pulled weapons out and pointed it at the demigods. Ares cracked his knuckles and grinned "This is going to be good." "WHO DARES ENTERS OLY-" Zeus started before get interrupted "Hey Uncle why are we here," A boy that looks too much like Poseidon questioned Zeus turned to Poseidon. "YOU HAD A CHILD?!" He was gripping his bolt tightly until a girl in a hunter clothes jump out. "Don't you dare!" she yelled. Zeus turned to her and froze "Thalia?" Everyone was looking at the interaction between them. "Yeah?" she looked bored "YOU"RE ALIVE!" He yelled "Duh I've been alive for what apparently 20 years?" She looked at an Athena teenager. "Annabeth?" "No 22 years" Everyone on the more godly side looked shocked they just saw Annabeth yesterday when Zeus saved Thalia. She was only seven years old and now she aged ten years. Annabeth spoke again. "Ahh what year is it?" Athena stared until she mumble the answer. All the demigods gasped loudly. "We're ten years from the future!" The gods gasped again. Athena looked at all of them. "What are you doing here?" The demigods looked dumbfounded "We don't know." Suddenly a flash and a note appear in front of Hera, she picked it up and read it out loud " Dear Gods and demigods, I have brought you hear to read about the past for the demigods and the future for the gods. I have brought you a book as seen for Percy's Point of view, many others may come after it. For what reason no idea I was bored, and this seen entertaining enough. For now read the book and don't kill the demigods. Also demigods you may not reveal it all to the gods yet, they will find out soon enough. Demigods introduce your selves. - N" Everyone looked at each other confused until a book flashed in. 'Percy Jackson and the Lightning thief" Annabeth picked it up and looked back at the gods. "Well then we should introduce our selves. I am Annabeth Chase, I am 17 years old, a daughter of Athena, the second time heroine of Olympus and the architect of Olympus." The gods gasped "Why do we need an architect? Did something happen? HOW ARE YOU THE SECOND TIME HEROINE OF OLYMPUS?" Apollo cried out nervously. The demigods looked at each other "We can't tell yet" Annabeth finally said. "Also Please don't gasp anymore until we finish introducing our selves." The gods nodded. Thalia stepped up "I am Thalia Grace, Lieutenant of the hunters of Artemis." She looked at Artemis who was gray "I'm sorry about Zoe," Artemis paled even more. Nico stepped up as Thalia stepped back. "I am Nico Di Angelo, son of Hades, King of ghost, Ambassador of Pluto and is about 80 something years old." He ignored the confused looks and smiled sadly at Hades "Bianca was my sister, former hunter of Artemis and is gone" A satyr, Grover stood up straighter as Hades had a tear leak from his eye. "My name is Grover Underwood, I am the new Lord of the Wild, The chosen one of Pam and the leader of the counsel of Cloven Elders," The gods stared at him, Chosen one of Pam? A girl with a Cherokee heritage came forward. "I'm Piper McLean, Daughter of Aphrodite" Aphrodite gasped "and a hero of Olympus" A boy with curly hair and a girl Calypso stood infront of the gods "I'm Leo, Son of Hephaestus, a hero of Olympus, Bad boy Supreme, Super-sized Mcshizzle, Comman-" Calypso smacked him "And this is Calypso whom you release already so don't kill us!" He yelled as Zeus stood up with his bolt. He frown and sat down. A ROMAN boy with blond hair and the same coloured eyes as Zeus and Thalia stepped up, the gods gaped at him Zeus looked at him. "JASON? You're a Roman!" Jason looked at him and shrugged so did three other demigods. "I am Jason, Son of Jupitor, Champion of Juno, another hero of Olympus, and former Praetor of the Twelfth Legion" Another Roman boy who was Asian walked forward with a girl with dark skin. "I am Frank Zhang, Son of Mars, Legacy of Poseidon, Praetor of the twelfth Legion, and a hero of Olympus." The girl continued "I am Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto, a favourite of Hecate and a hero of Olympus." Three more people to be introduced. A Roman girl with an emotionless face came "I am Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, the daughter of Bellona, and I am the Praetor of the twelfth Legion, a lesser hero of Olympus." A girl with frizzy red hair and green eyes stepped forward "I am Rachel Elizabeth Dare, I am a clear sighted mortal, and I am the most recent Oracle of the Delphi." Before the finally person could introduce them selves Apollo bursted out "You're the new Oracle of the Delphi?" He said excitely before Hermes elbowed him hard. Finally a boy stepped up with sea-green eyes, and messed up black hair. He looked almost exactly like Poseidon "I am Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon, the two time hero of Olympus, Savior of Olympus, Seaweed Brain and all the other titles. Annabeth clapped her hand "Okay I'l read first" She ignore all the word of protest from the gods. Chapter One I Accidentally Vaporized my Pre-Algebra Teacher Annabeth snorted and looked at Percy who was hiding behind her in embarrassment Look, I didn't want to be a half-blood. "Me too Percy, me too" Nico mumbled as all the demigod nodded their head. If you're reading this because you think you think you might be one, my advice is: close this book right now. Believe what ever lie your mom or dad told you about your birth and try and live a normal life. "Too late" Leo coughed Being a Half-blood is dangerous. It's scary. Most of the time, it gets you killed in painful, nasty ways. "No shizz," Nico mumbled quite loudly If you're a normal kid, reading this because you think it's fiction, great. Read on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. " All of us do" Jason told the book. But if you recognize yourself in these pages—if you feel something stirring inside—stop reading immediately. You might be one of us. And once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they'll come for you. Don't say I didn't warn you. " Too Late," Percy mumbled My name is Percy Jackson. Percy blushed in embarrassment I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? Yeah. You could say that. People snorted. I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan— twenty-eight mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. I know—it sounds like torture. Most Yancy field trips were. " Every field trip is torture when it has information" Leo told the book, Annabeth and Athena glared at Leo until he hid behind Calypso. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. " Hey Class isn't that boring!" Athena cried out, at the book. AT THE BOOK. I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. Boy, was I wrong. Annabeth looked at Percy with the book in her hand "Percy what is with this writing? It's nothing like you, if anything you barely write a sentence let alone a book or more." Percy shrugged " I didn't write any book, remember it came from 'N'" Annabeth and Athena looked at each other until they accepted the explanation, Athena still found it weird that her seven year had now turned into a seventeen year old. See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway. And before that, at my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. And the time before that... Well, you get the idea. " Classic Percy, " Everyone looked at Percy, who was getting pink-er by the minute. This trip, I was determined to be good. " Lies Percy all lies," Nico looked at Percy All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich. " What's klep-to-maniac?" Leo asked trying to sound the word out. "It's is recurrent failure to resist urges to steal iteams that you don't generally need and that usually has little value. Kleptomania is a serious mental health disorder that can cause much emotional pain to you and your loved ones if not treated" Athena answered. "She is a dictionary I'll tell you," Apollo mumble to Hermes who snickered. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. " Okay Percy That's rude." Grover told Percy. "IT WAS WHEN I DIDN"T KNOW YOU WERE A DARN SATYR!" Percy Yelled, they were on the oposite ends of the group, everyone else looked at them amused. "At least you got the enchilada day part right" Grover offered. He looked at Annabeth to continue Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew I couldn't do anything back to her because I was already on probation. The headmaster had threatened me with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened