So I'm going to pitch in this idea and the prologue for this story. Just saying I'm a Canadian myself and my life is quite like people who live in Seattle's lives. When Sally Jackson finds out that she was pregnant with Poseidon's child, instead of staying in New York she moves to Canada to protect her child from monsters and the gods, turns out she isn't the only person. Percy Jackson, discovers the world of Mythology at a young age, soon he find more of his kind and together they band up to make Camp Elysium. When the Titan War starts Camp Elysium is called to join the Battle. Okay onto the prologue: Disclaimer: I'm half the age of Rick Riordan Sally was sitting in the couch in her apartment with Poseidon, with her hands on her face. "I don't know what to do now," Sally said hopelessly "I don't want our son to be killed," Poseidon paced the apartment. "Zeus would kill me, but I don't regret anything," He said resting a hand on her shoulder. "I would tell you to married a smelly human to cover his scent but I have a better idea," He said, he grabbed her face and made her look at him. "Sally you could move up North, in Canada." "Why?" She asked "You will be away from monsters and the gods. Monsters don't go in the north, most are really sensitive to the cold." He said, "If you move there I might be able to see over son every year at least." "Son?" Sally said, immediately placing a hand on her stomach. "Yes, the Fates have told me he will be a boy," Poseidon said sitting down. "They told me if he lived closer north away from the gods he will have a high chance to live, please Sally think of my idea," Poseidon pleaded "My time grows shorter, I must go now but I will see you when he is born," Poseidon disappeared in a flash and the smell of sea salt was all that lingered of him. Sally stayed sitting for a minute, two minutes, five minute before she stood up and grabbed her laptop and started writing an email to the government of Canada, pleading for them to let her go to Canada and becoming a Canadian residence and citizen. She wrote: Email subject. Allowance to become a Canadian residence Dear The government of Canada Sally Jackson March 22, 1978 Manhattan, Apartment of CHB, Room 14:24 I am here to ask if I am allowed to move to Canada and become a Canadian residences. My reasoning for this, is that I am pregnant with my first child and I am a single mom, I am looking for an environment for my child to grow up in. I am 21 year old female, with a minor degree in writing, and I have over five years of experience in sweet making. I do not have a police record, of anything illegal except a ticket in over parking at the age of 17. Along with this email I have sent the files of my medical and financial records. If there are any question please do not hesitate in asking. Hope to hear from you soon and thanking you in anticipation. Kind Regards Sally Jackson Finish. Sally sent the email, and started searching the websites to sell some un-need clothing and things. She did not think she would be accepted but a month later, after she had sold a large amount of clothes. She got an email, the most important one of her life. It said Dear Sally Jackson We have looked over your email and looked over your record and we are happy to allow you become a Canadian residence and citizen. The following forms below are need to be filled in by next week and sent back to allow us to give you acceptance to enter Canada, and become a Canadian residence. You will have to sign several more forms and do a test to be allowed to become a Canadian citizen Regarding The government of Canada Sally was grinning and started calling her friends. She started on the forms, they were like majority of forms. A cup of tea later, she had finished signing the forms and sent them back. An hour later she had another email, announcing that she may enter Canada in a month. She would get a letter with all the official papers. Sally's next few months was a frenzy, she had sent over 3 emails and received 7 emails. She sold her furniture, sold her apartment, and packed all her things in a suitcase, and several other personal thing and baby things in the other. Finally the time came and Sally was 5 months along her pregnancy, there was a noticeable bump on her stomach and she had given up shirts, it was all flowing dresses and sweat pants. She waved good-bye to all of her friends and took a taxi to the airport. She dropped her stuff and boarded the airplane. 16 hours later she landed at Terrace, BC. She walked with her suitcases and was about to find a taxi, until she saw a familiar person. Poseidon was waving his hand at her, she smile and took his hand and she drove her to her apartment. It was small but it was surrounded by water. Her apartment was a small but big enough to raise a child. "Thank you Poseidon," She hugged him, and he smiled "I'm glad you chose to come to this spot," Poseidon said "When he turns 12 he gets owner ship of a large acre of land." He said Sally frowned "Why?" What reason would their son need a giant area of land for? "He will meet other demigods and create a camp to train and protect demigods," Poseidon smiled and bent down to put his hand on her stomach I'll see in 4 months." He kissed her good bye and left through mist. Sally signed and rested her hand on her stomach feeling the slight movement of her baby kicking. .:. Sally was the labour room breathing hard as she had horrible pain where her child was. She didn't want to give birth until Poseidon came. Not a minute later and Poseidon came through the door, he smiled and snapped his hand and her pain lessened. two hours later, Sally eventually gave birth to a healthy baby boy with black hair and green eyes. He pretty much looks like Poseidon if he was a crying newborn baby. "He looks just like you," She said, and Poseidon gave him a kiss on the baby's head. "What are you going to name him?" He asked "Perseus 'Percy' Jackson" She said "After one of the Greek heroes who got a happy ending." Poseidon nodded, he handed her a blanket. He was slightly nervous about his son being named after his brother's son. "I'll stay till morning alright?" He asked, Sally nodded and they started talking. Sally talked about her life getting a small store selling homemade candies and caramel. Poseidon just talked about how proud he was of his immortal son Triton and how Percy would be just like his brother. He talked about Amphitrite, his wife, Sally smiled at Poseidon knowing that even when he had a child with her, he would always love his wife. He stayed with her for the night, talking about their lives. In the morning he helped her do all the signing and disappeared from her life for a year. .:. Sally was sitting down with Percy waiting for Poseidon to appear for his first birthday. "I'm here!" Poseidon said and hugged his son. His son smile and said "Da Dad!" despite never meeting him before. Poseidon looked at Sally and she was crying "That was his first words" She sniffled and smiled again Poseidon gave him a tub of blue toys and he gave Sally a bunch of food colouring "You'll need it," Sally happily accepted the dye. Poseidon looked at Sally with a serious face. "Sally I have to tell you something, important," Sally gulped and nodded "This place had an unusually high amount of demigods. Yet there are few monster because of the river. About 1 and a half years ago I told you he will meet some special demigods and create a camp. There's another reason, there's a prophecy about him." Poseidon gave a small grime smile and looked at his son. He waved his hand and the son fell asleep. "It was foretold after the second world war: A half-blood of the eldest gods Shall reach sixteen against all odds And see the world in endless sleep The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap A single choice shall end his days Olympus to preserve or raze Poseidon nodded "Don't tell him until he reaches 13, or he meets a clear sighted mortal." Poseidon handed Sally a pen with Greek writing over it "He'll need the pen," Poseidon woke up Percy who squealed and hid behind Sally's leg. That knocked Sally out of her stupor and she smiled and started chasing Percy. Percy like any demigod when it came to his development, he was able to run and say basic words at an extremely young age. After several hours, Poseidon had to leave he gave a kiss on Percy's forehead and Percy gave a laugh, and he gave a kiss on Sally's cheek. "See you next year." He said, Sally covered Percy's eyes and he laughed, when she uncovered them he started saying "da da, dada " and walking around the house. That night when Sally tucked Percy in she told him his first story. "Once upon a time there was a Greek Hero named Perseus, he was the son of Zeus, the god of the sky, and lightning. His mother was a princess until she was banished and sent out in the sea for having son Poseidon took pity on her and had fish jump inside her boat and rained water for her to drink. Soon she landed on the shore where a fisherman took her in. Perseus grew up with the fisherman, until the king there heard of a beautiful women who was a princess. He invited them to his castle and tried to court the women. At every turn Perseus prevented him-" "ay!" Percy bubbled Sally smiled. "So one day someone he knew had gotten married and he taunted him for not having a wedding gift. Perseus wanted to prove himself, so the King sent him to slay the medusae. He encountered the gods who gave him the location and weapon. They also gave him a warning to never look into her eyes for she will turn you into stone. So he took his shield and used it as a way to see her without looking into her eyes and took off her head. He put the head inside a bag and started to go home. On his way he met a Princese tied to the stone to be sacrificed. He untied her and together they slayed the monster she was sacrificed to. He sooned married her and went home where his mother was about to be wedding the king. He froze the entire count and made the fisherman king. He live happily every after." Sally kissed Percy on the head and said goodnight and slept on the bed on the other side of the room. .:. Every year she retold that exact same story, but each year the story got more detailed. .:. Four year old Percy was giggling as his mom chased him past the kitchen and tickled him. "Mommy no!" He laughed and gave her a crooked smile, Sally smiled at how much he looked like Poseidon. "Wait here okay honey I have to get some things for our day out at the beach." She left him to pack their stuff. There was a knock on