Author's note: For those of you that have read "While Master's away" the prequel is finally here. I'm sorry it has taken so long. But my muse finally decided it was time. For those of you who haven't please do read it. I'm not sure how long this story will be. My inner Harry is already begging for the good parts to come along. It's actually why I ended this chapter the way I did. I had a totally different ending planned but, this one just came out as I typed. As always, I do not own Harry Potter, the characters or world it's set in. Also, I love comments. Please enjoy. The sun was shining and there was a slight breeze. Over all it was a beautiful day. Harry smiled as he walked through Diagon Alley. It was nice to be out shopping. He had his scar covered and brown colored contacts in so people wouldn't realize who he was. He never cared for all the attention he got anyways and after the war it was just that much worse. In the year since then things had started to calm back down. He was happy to see his disguise was working. He got a few glances but nobody stopped him. After the war and Voldemort's soul leaving his mind Harry wasn't 100 percent. He didn't know if it was the dying and coming back or because his brain was used to sharing two souls most of his life, Harry now experienced black out from time to time. When they first started, he thought he was because he was drinking too much but, as time went on it happened more and more even after he stopped drinking. As Harry shopped now he had one of those black outs. What Harry didn't know was that somebody had been watching him. That somebody was Rodolphus Lestrange. After the war was over Rodolphus had gone into hiding. He placed glamours on himself so that his dark mark was hidden and he looked more average so he could blend into a crowd better. When he noticed Harry suddenly freeze in the middle of the street he made his way over to him. It appeared the lights were on but nobody was home. He wasn't sure what had happened but he was more surprised by all the people just passing him by. Were the other witches and wizards that dense that they couldn't see through his disguise? Rodolphus scooped Harry up and carried him over to the ice cream shop. Sitting him down he quickly got some cold water and a bowl of vanilla ice cream. He took Harry's jacket off him. He wasn't sure why the other was wearing one anyways, it wasn't cold out at all. As he did though he noticed bruises on his arms of different ages. Rodolphus pulled the jacket back up. That must be why he had it on. He took some napkins and started dabbing the cold water on Harry's face trying to help him come to. Harry wasn't sure how long he was out when he came to. He was more confused by the fact he was in a new spot and someone he didn't know was sitting next to him rubbing water on his face. "Hello?" It was all he could think of to say. "I'm glad to see you're alright. I noticed you standing still in the street unresponsive so I brought you here to get you cooled off and something to eat." He held up a spoonful of ice cream. "It's vanilla. I figured it would be easy on your stomach." Harry wasn't sure what else to do but take the offered bit and the next one until the bowl was empty. Maybe he was still out of it some. More likely though was the shock of the situation. "Sorry to worry you. It happens sometimes with me. They think it has to do with something that happened during the war. Thank you for the help." He reached to get money but, Rodolphus' hand stopped him. "It's fine. I noticed your bruises when I brought you over here." He said concerned. "I sometimes fall when it happens." He didn't really believe it himself but it was what his boyfriend, Blaise, told him. Speaking of which was on his way over now. "You slut. I knew you were lying when you said you were going shopping." Blaise yelled at Harry and yanked him up by his arm. Not expecting it Harry winced. "Nothing happened Blaise. I just blacked out and this gentleman helped me." Harry tried to explain and cowered as he saw Blaise raise his hand. When he wasn't hit though Harry opened his eyes and saw Rodolphus twisting Blaise's arm behind his back until it snapped. He then removed his glamours. Looking at him now Harry's breath caught in his throat. His eyes were now a soft blue-grey which stood out well against his bronze skin. His hair was now longer and jet black. And Harry could swear he got taller towering over both the other males. The look on Blaise's face made Harry think this was somebody he knew and knew to be afraid of. "Lestrange?" Being a Slytherin in school Blaise knew the noble pureblood families. "Why are you protecting him? You know that's Harry Potter, right?" "Of course, I do. You really think I would be tricked by a pair of contacts? Voldemort drilled his imagine into our heads. What I don't understand is why he's cowering to the likes of you. I have seen him face the dark lord several times without batting an eye lash." What Rodolphus hadn't told others during the second war was after seeing Harry's bravery and defiance he had grown feelings for the younger man. Something he though was impossible. "You should be kissing the ground he walks on to be with him. Now you are to go on your merry way and stay away from him for the rest of his life. Or I will make sure yours ends soon." He told Blaise in a cold tone and let his arm go and watched him run off. Harry didn't know what to do now. He knew Lestrange was in Voldemort's inner circle and a feared Death Eater. He slowly moved for his wand. "There's no need for that. Honestly if I was going to hurt you don't you think I would have done it when you were unconscious?" Rodolphus looked at Harry. "Why didn't you fight him? And why did you put up with him giving you those bruises?" "He never did it when I was conscious. I never had proof he was abusive. I would just come to covered in them and he'd tell me I had fallen and he tried to catch me. Though I'm not sure why I stayed with him anyways. Thank you." Harry did raise his wand though to drop his own glamours. "We shouldn't stay here. You are wanted. And I can't take you home. He should be clearing his things out right now." Harry didn't want to leave the man in front of him. He was drawn to him for some reason. Rodolphus nodded. "Hold tight." He pulled Harry to him and apparated away. Once they were at his house Rodolphus went to let go but, Harry was still clinging to him. "Are you ok? I know it was far especially after what just happened." Harry felt like his head was spinning. It had been a while since he felt like that from apperating. No, he had a feeling it was because on the man he was holding on to. Rodolphus' words snapped him out of it though and he finally let go. "Yeah sorry. Must have been too much at once." Harry blushed softly and looked at his feet. "You're a horrible liar Potter." But Rodolphus was smiling. "Now if you'll allow me I would like to look at those bruises and get some ointment on them." "Please call me Harry. And really, they're fine. I'm used to them." He tried to dismiss him. "That is not a reason for you to be in pain. It will be no problem." Rodolphus said and walked into his bathroom coming back out with the ointment. It was only then Harry realized they were in what must have been his bedroom. "Go ahead and take your shirt off and sit on the bed." Harry nodded. He shrugged off his jacket and pulled his shirt off sitting down on the edge of the bed. Rodolphus frowned seeing just how black and blue Harry was. There was no way that Harry could have possibly though all these came from falling. But he didn't say anything. He just sat behind Harry. "I'll try to be as gentle as possible." He said softly and started treating him. Harry wouldn't have been able to focus on any pain if there was any. Rodolphus' fingers on his body felt so nice. A soft moan slipped through his lips and Harry's face suddenly turned bright red. "Sorry." He mumbled. "It's ok." He told Harry kindly. He finished treating the ones he could see. He had a feeling with how many were on his chest and back that there were more but, he didn't think Harry would be up to him touching his legs or even just taking his pants off. "Have you eaten? Other than the ice cream I mean. It is almost dinner time." Rodolphus asked standing up. He didn't wait for an answer though. "I will go let the house elves know that you will be joining me for dinner. I'm sure you can reach your other bruises yourself. I will be sure to knock before entering when I come back." Rodolphus set the ointment down and left closing the door behind him. Harry really hadn't worried about his bruises but there was something about Rodolphus that made Harry want to do as he wished. So, he pulled his pants off and rubbed the cream on his legs. They really weren't as bad as he torso. Harry had just finished and was getting redressed when he heard the knock. He was just about to put his jacket but decided Rodolphus had already seen so he didn't need it. He walked over and opened the door. "Thank you for letting me barrow your room and your ointment." Harry said as he handed it back to him. "You're welcome. I'll put this up and we can go down to eat. Dinner will be ready in a moment." Rodolphus disappeared for a moment but then was soon back. He placed a hand on Harry's shoulder but when he felt him tense he let him go. "Follow me." Instead he just lead him down to the dining room. Walking through the house Harry was surprised to see how big it was. He had never been in such a large house before. It was obvious that Rodolphus came from a wealthy family. It made Harry nervous. He never really had the best manners. He didn't want to offend Rodolphus. Rodolphus sat at the head of the table and Harry took a seat beside him. Just then a house elf brought out bowls of soup. Harry was expecting something more elegant from the house but was glad to see it was something simple. He took a spoonful. "This is really good." Rodolphus watched Harry after they sat down. The younger man looked so nervous. "Thank you. I'm sorry to say that since there was such short notice of you coming it will only be three courses and I wasn't able to have the menu tailored to your tastes. So, if it is not to your liking just let me know and I will have something else prepared." Harry hadn't expected more food. He was used to only having one course. He nodded to Rodolphus about telling him the food