A/N: OMG. THE SEQUEL. *major squeal* It's here! I have a lot planned. Okay, by a lot I mean just the POVs up to the BB chapter... But hey! To get a victor you have to start out with the first chapters. Now, I want to explain a few things and also show you my tireless effort to this story. First, I shall start off with a story. I tend to procrastinate. A lot. I am looking into getting Write or Die, but until I do, I have a method to get past the reapings ASAP. I have these silly little district buttons that I put on my picture board thingy in my room. They are kind of kiddish and, well, definitely a disappointment to the THG fandom to wear pins. But I am making myself wear the one for the reaping I am on. I've lost D2's, so now I'm going to have to wear the 12 and the 10 until I get D2 reapings done and have to explain, "It means twelve minus ten, for District Two." Once the reapings are over, I can go back to wearing the pendant, earrings, and my good, non-broken, non-suckish pin. (P.S. Don't wear giant mockingjay earrings after not wearing earrings for a month, kids. Side affects include but are not limited to: Wanting to rip your ears off, randomly massaging your ears in class, getting odd looks, crying out - loudly - in lunch because your hair got stuck in them and it burns... etc.) And now, to explain why Miss Diode has a massive POV and Adelina and Daphne have POVs like elves. Due to the three tributes per district, I am choosing a main POV for each reaping. But don't worry, having a main reaping POV counts as a tribute's three Capitol POVs, and the Bloodbath counts as a Capitol chapter for me. And Capitol chapters like training and train rides will have twelve POVs due to the thirty-six tributes and lack of POVs. And last thing before we begin. If you have a reserved spot and the tribute is not turned in by three days after D2R's are posted, I will be giving the spot to someone else who will get me the tribute ASAP. If you don't have time and want to just give the tribute spot away now, no harm done. Just PM me. :-D D1- 18- (Gleam Diode) I sigh at the potted plant and take another bite of my tasteless toast, not bothering to wrinkle up my nose even though Mother is right there, eating, and would normally get frustrated with me for turning up something she made. But today, I don't think she'd care if I set the house on fire; she just wants me to volunteer. It's really the only thing she cares about when it comes to me, and ever since it dawned on her that if I win, we'll be rich, she's been a bit overly excited about it. "So, this is finalized, right, Gleam?" Mother asks me eagerly. I groan. "Yes, Mother. I'm volunteering. Will you shut up?" "Oh, hush. If only your father were here..." "Don't remind me." My father died in a mining accident eight years ago. He was rather mean and arrogant. I didn't care for him too much and I've never wanted to grieve or feel anything towards his death. But when people started to tell me I'm "weak" and I "need help," I started feeling for his death. I started feeling angry. Because I am not weak and have never been weak, nor have I ever or will ever need help. It's not in my nature. I'm not even sure it's in my vocabulary. Weaknesses just don't apply to me. We continue to eat in silence, and that plant really captivates me. A little breeze flutters through the open window next to it and its fake leaves flutter just slightly. I sigh again in boredom and throw my toast across the room and into the trashcan. My mother opens her mouth to scold me, but I mutter a quick "Sorry" before she can ramble on about manners or whatever. Then I get up from my place at the table and march up to my room. In my room, I start getting ready for the reaping. I quickly brush through my short dirty blonde hair. Then I go over to my closet where there is an outfit outside the door, but it's one Mother picked out, so I don't put it on. Inside, I open my closet and take out the outfit I had ready yesterday because I knew I wasn't going to feel like picking one out this morning. I slip the white skirt, blue tank top, and the blue and purple top off their hooks and dress in them. Then I take out the white high-heeled boots and put them on. After I have dressed, I go downstairs again and sit in the kitchen table, waiting for Mother. She's showering, for she hadn't thought to do that when she woke up this morning like I had, and now I have to wait for her, because if I leave before she does to get in the crowd early, my goodbyes with her in the Justice Building will just be an agonizing speech. What a lovely thing to think of as my last moment in District One before the Games. I twiddle my thumbs, whistle, and look outside at the birds. Then I think to take a knife. I hurry to find one and slip it delicately into my pocket. The moment I hear her shower go off, I yell, "I'm leaving, Mother!" and am out the door before she can protest. Outside, the air is warm, the sky cloud-free. It's a summer morning, and the birds are chirping lightly. I walk past the nice neighborhood I live in and through the bad part of town. That's the only thing about the reaping that I hate: when I go to the square, I pass through the grimy, bad part of District One where our few crimes come from. You'd figure, us being a Career district, that we'd have more crimes from bloodthirsty, out-of-control Careers, but either they keep their crimes hidden very well, or they manage to hold themselves back. I suspect the former. Soon I am just outside the training center. Trainees file out of the building. I didn't train this morning because I didn't wake up on time, and my mother didn't lecture me because she woke up late too. I make sure to stay behind the trainees, for I am not eager to catch up with any "old pals," and definitely no current enemies. Friendship isn't something in my everyday life. They're all eager to get to the reaping, of course—it's a Quell year where three kids get to go into the Games, a Career's dream—so I'm not thinking in frustration, Please, go any slower! or something. I'm swept along by others coming from their homes and heading to the reaping. I can see the Justice Building not too far away and pick up my pace, but make sure not to head into the crowd of other Careers. At the square, I sign in quickly and then dart into the eighteen-year-olds' section. Others crowd around me. I'm glad I'm not claustrophobic, or I'd be spastic at every reaping. I have no desire to feel sympathy for those who have claustrophobia. I've had to face and conquers fears in life, lots of them training-related, so they can as well. People chatter to their friends and giggle and scream out, "I volunteer!"—as practice, I suppose—before the mayor has even stepped onto the stage, let alone up to the microphone. His speech will be long. Though, to my relief, Toilia, our escort for District One, tends not to ramble much. She likes to get to the point, thank God. After a long, exasperating wait for the reaping to begin, it finally does. Peacekeepers and camera crews lining the square, Capitol people dotting the edge of the square where large-screen televisions are placed, and an anxious rush settled over the crowd, it finally begins. The mayor steps up and rambles out the speech that I'm sure he memorized long, long ago. "May I introduce to you—Azalea Darkhart, here to represent the Capitol!" announces the mayor. Well, that's new. Toilia Marray is gone. Azalea looks so much like Toilia, I didn't know the difference. She's covered head to toe in neon green. "Hello!" exclaims Azalea. "Hello. Hush, now. We have much to do and so little time." At least she doesn't ramble. "What a magnificent day for a reaping. I shall draw now from our singular bowl." Her green-tinted hand with long, green fingernails is dipped down into the bowl with both a pink and a blue ribbon. Out pops a name when she withdraws the slip. As the reaping bowl was next to the microphone, she doesn't have to walk anywhere before announcing the name. "Angelica Aarons." "I volunteer!" I cry, but others are screaming the exact same thing. I push until I am at the front of the crowd and again shout, "I volunteer!" I step under the velvet ropes and over to the stage, moving quickly so as to beat out the other volunteers. There are ten from each gender, just like always. It's the ten at the top of the training class. I take out the knife I placed in my pocket earlier and hold it out to everyone so no one even tries to take me place, and then up on to the stage. Murmurs spread through the crowd. I approach the microphone when the shouts and murmurs have calmed, and everyone glowers at me for taking the first spot when no one else did. It's rather impressive I did so this year, as I was competing against both genders for this. But in the end, I won. "My name is Gleam Diode," I announce proudly, but do not add something stupid like, "this year's victor." "Lovely, lovely. Starting out nicely," says Azalea as she shoves her hand back in the bowl. I sigh, waiting to see my competition. "Glitter Sphereson." Everyone is volunteering at once, but in the end, a girl with short, dark brown hair that is parted just off to the side, pale skin, and greenish eyes makes it up the stage, announcing quite arrogantly—though who am I to judge?—"I am Adelina Summerfield." "Mm. Well, beautiful. Let's move on." So quickly? Why, yes, I think I do like Azalea more than Toilia. Besides, who wants an escort named Toilet—I mean Toilia? "Daphne… Well, Daphne Summerfield!" I see Adelina smirk out of the corner of my eye. It's her sister. But I doubt the reaped girl will make it onstage in time. A girl with lighter hair than Adelina, pale skin, and dark brown eyes steps on to the stage with a winning smile and says into the microphone, surprising me and everyone, "I am Daphne Summerfield." I suppose Daphne and Adelina do look alike. "I don't suppose you are sisters, Daphne and Adelina?" Azalea asks. Daphne smiles and Adelina smirks, saying, "That, we are." "Well, won't this combination be interesting!" roars Azalea. "My! No boys." Adelina flutters her fingers at an angry crowd of males from the eighteens' section with a winning smile and then shakes my hand, turns, and struts slowly to the Justice Building doors. "Well, um, shakes hands, you two…" Daphne and I shake hands, locking eyes for a moment. We are allies, even if there are two packs this year. I am resourceful to them—I proved that with the knife incident, didn't I?—and they are resourceful to me. Something about the way Adelina walked away without a care in the world, and the way Daphne made it past all the volunteers, tells me that they're valuable. Value is something we Careers must hold to get