So this story was born out of my need for a good 'girl falls into Middle-earth fic.' (Not saying mine's going to be amazing, but I'll give it a try!) Most I've read are pretty badly done or only have a few chapters and haven't been updated in years. Yeah I know it's totally cliche but maybe give it a chance? The reason I chose this plot line was because I love the idea of someone from the 21st century trying to cope in Middle-earth. Plus I've had the hots for Legolas for about 10 years. This isn't a self insert or wish fulfillment story, I'm trying to make my OC as realistic as possible so hopefully she won't be completely annoying. I've never actually written an OC before so I'm kinda nervous about sharing this story. I started writing chapters with no intent on publishing it here because the LOTR films came out years a go but hopefully the arrival of the Hobbit films have bought some readers back to LOTR fanfiction. Confession: Whilst I'm totally in love with the films, I confess I read the books about 10 years ago so can hardly remember what happens, therefore this story will follow the extended films. That being said I have done my homework, and do have the books on hand for reference so hopefully people will feel this is true to Tolkien. Tolkien purists: This is a fun little story made out of boredom. Not to be taken seriously, not to be flamed because Tolkien would not agree with it. It's meant to be kinda AU. A girl falling into Middle-earth and joining the fellowship was never going to please Tolkien but it's fan fiction. Hopefully though I can stay true to the characters as even though the writing is from the perspective of a 21st century girl, I want it to feel as if she has genuinely fallen into ME and the real characters are alive there. I get that LOTR readers are kinda critical in their reviews but hopefully you won't take this fic too seriously and can just enjoy it for what it is. It is 'girl falls into ME,' 'Legomance' and '10th walker' but some people actually enjoy that kind of thing. Well lets hope I don't totally mess this up! Jessica Kendrick was not having a good day. Firstly, sometime in the night her beloved Labrador had stole into her room under the cover of darkness and somehow ended up unplugging her alarm clock, she swore that dog was more human than canine at times. Secondly, because she had failed to wake up at 7AM it was inevitable that she was over an hour late to work thus ensuring bitchy Linda from accounts had already informed her boss that she would be better suited for the promotion that Jessica was going for. And thirdly, bitchy Linda from accounts had been given the promotion that Jessica was going for. Opening the door to her one bed apartment Jessica let out a relieved sigh to finally be home. She stopped in the doorway noticing her dog; Legolas was sitting in the middle of her living room waiting for her. "Oh no you don't." She warned, waggling her finger in the universal sign for no. "Don't go giving me those puppy dog eyes! It's your fault that I lost out on that promotion and I'm mad at you." She entered her apartment, gently closing the door behind her and shrugging out of her long red coat. She watched as her dog cocked his head to the side, eyes becoming wide. "I swear you were a human in a past life." She muttered, feeling her anger ebb away at his adorable disposition. Legolas, clearly sensing this, let out a joyful bark before bounding over to her and licking at her bare ankles. She laughed, kicking off her flat shoes and bending down to stroke his head lovingly. "Yeah yeah, you're forgiven." She smiled. "How about I get some food and then take you for a run round the park? You like that boy?" The dog barked once more before running off into the hallway and curling up in his bed, waiting patiently for his owner. "Alright, give me ten minutes." She made her way into her bedroom, taking off her work clothes and pulling her hair out of the messy ponytail she'd forced it into in her rush to get ready this morning. She ran her hands through her soft hair, shaking her head and pushing long golden strands out of her face. She pulled on some leggings and an over-sized red shirt, obscuring her lithe tall frame and then set about removing her make-up until she was rid of all her foundation and mascara leaving only bare pale skin and large tired looking grey-blue eyes. Her lightly curled hair swayed about her back, hitting her elbows, as she walked back into her kitchen and started to microwave a quick ready meal. "Mhmm, pizza for one." She sighed before binning the box with its large white writing that read: Dinner for one , and basically announced to the world that she was alone and single. She turned to see Legolas still sat in his bed basket in the hallway, looking straight at her. "What? Don't give me that look; we're going to the park straight after, I can burn off the calories there." She muttered about her dog judging her as she made her way over to her bag which was still dumped in her doorway, next to her shoes. She located her phone and pulled it out to check if she had received any messages whilst she was at work. One new text message: Dad. One new e-mail: Domino's pizza. "My life in a nutshell." She sighed before hitting the phone button. She heard it ring for a long while before her dad finally picked up. "Hi Jessie!" Her dad's deep voice sounded on the other end and she smiled. "Hi daddy, I got your text but all it said was my name and then the words I'm and don't . Is everything okay?" "Everything's fine. You know I don't know how to work these mobile telephones. Grace bought me a new one. It's called a yPhone and I tried to instant email you but it sent before I could finish it." Jessica grinned, snorting a laugh. "I think you mean iPhone and it's a text not an instant email. Honestly old man, you're showing your age." "Old man?" he scoffed but she could hear the laughter in his voice. "I'm in my prime! And that's what I wanted to text you about. My sixtieth birthday is next week and I know we normally spend it together but Grace surprised me today with a cruise booking! We're going to the Caribbean in two days time." Jessica stood frozen, clearly her father was having a mid-life crisis. Jessica's own birthday was two days after her dads and this year she would be turning twenty-four. Her dad had always wanted to stay young, spontaneously marrying Jessica's mother, Carol, after only being together two months. Now he was engaged to Grace, who at thirty-six years old was closer in age to Jessica than she was to her father. "Oh. Yeah sure, that's awesome. Wish someone would surprise me with a Caribbean cruise." She laughed awkwardly. "I'll just get Paige to come over and we'll celebrate my birthday with a drink." Or ten, she mentally added with a smile. "That's good. Just wanted to make sure you wouldn't be alone what with your mother now living in Australia and you not having a husband yet." "Dad, I'm twenty-three, not quite a spinster yet. I'll let you know when I start looking longingly at some stray cats." She heard Legolas bark from the hallway and laughed. "I know but I've never even met a boyfriend Jessie. You must have had at least one, a pretty girl like you. I hate to think of you holed up in your flat all the time, just you and that mutt." "Legolas is not a mutt." She grinned as she heard another bark. "Lego-lass, what kind of name is that for a dog?" "It's Legolas, you know from Lord of the Rings." "I wish you would stop watching silly movies and go out and find a real man Jessie. I don't want you to be lonely forever." "Silly movies? 17 Oscars would beg to differ… and I am not lonely!" She protested. "I don't like people, I like being on my own. You know most fathers try to stop their daughters dating, not complain about their lack of bedroom action." "Okay, okay, I'll drop it… for now. And don't say the words dating and bedroom action to me in the same sentence again, I am still your dad. Anyway I've got to go; Grace is nagging that we should start packing. I'll come see you when I'm back and I'll bring you a birthday present." "Thanks daddy. And don't forget sunscreen, you know how pale us Kendrick's are. The Caribbean is going to cook you alive." "I won't. Love you Jessie." "Love you, see you soon." She hung up; jumping at the ping of the microwave which signaled her pizza was ready. She grabbed her food and settled down on her sofa, propping her feet up on the table. "I wish eating actually burnt calories." She moaned round a mouth full of pizza. "I'd be a super model by now." Tucking a strand of pale golden hair behind her ear she made to eat another large bite when a bang suddenly sounded from the hallway causing her to jump. "The fuck?" She muttered making her way into the hall. She saw Legolas standing to attention, eyes focused on the small cupboard looking door that was at the very end of her apartment. She heard the bang again and heard Legolas growl softly behind her. She frowned, confused. That door had been locked since she moved in. the landlord told her it lead to an old loft conversion but it was no longer structurally safe so had been locked and sealed off, however the door was left in her apartment. It was a small wooden thing with a large brass handle that kind of creeped her out. Nobody wanted a door in their house that was locked and you had no idea what was inside. She'd seen enough horror movies to know it never ended well, but then the landlord had offered to knock ten percent off her rent every month because of the door and she moved in the next day. She had moved to Manchester, from her hometown of Plymouth, to attend university and this was the only flat that met her budget and let her bring her dog, which her mother had bought her as a gift for passing her A-Levels and to soften the blow that once she left for university she was immigrating to Australia. That was six years ago now and she barely thought of the creepy door anymore. She stood, listening, but didn't hear anymore noise come from the end of the hall. Eventually Legolas sat back down, resting his head on his paws and closing his eyes so she took that as a sign that everything was fine. Probably just a pigeon got into the loft or something. "Come on you, let's go for that walk!" Returning from the park, Jessica freed Legolas from his lead and watched as he bound into her flat, aiming straight for the small kitchen and began to bark loudly. Hurrying inside, she quickly shrugged off her coat and slammed the door behind her before making her way into the kitchen to see what had Legolas so concerned. "Hey boy, what's wr-" she stopped, her body going cold as she registered there was another person in her kitchen. He turned at the sound of