Normal run down- I do not own I make no money from this I am NOT Stephanie Meyer (nor do I want to be) "You were warned this might happen," the big man stated quietly as he drove through the intersection, his face carefully blank as he kept his eyes on the road before him. "You were told not to push it too far." His pint-sized passenger groaned in response, eyes narrowing against the glare of the late-morning sunlight blazing through the windshield. Her face glowed softly under a faint sheen of perspiration as she fished in her pocket for a hairband, pulling her hair up off her neck into a high ponytail before turning towards her companion. "I was running late!" she finally exclaimed, "I had too much homework last night and overslept!" Dark eyes cut towards her, a fractionally darker brow lifting in a pointed gesture before returning towards the road again. "How was I to know it would die? It's not like I did it on purpose!" The girl huffed at the man behind the wheel, her tone defensive as she crossed her arms. "Bella, it's been hot enough that you actually have a tan. The poor thing overheated and died." His jaw tightened for a few moments, his lean cheek ticking and seeming to betray the agitation of the man as if he were in mourning over her senseless murder. Bella's face crumpled in guilt. She hadn't meant to kill it. She'd begun to think it was indestructible…her loyal partner who had finally given up on her in the face of overwhelming odds. She'd pushed it too far and it had responded with a groans of protest before dying spectacularly by the side of the road. She'd tried to revive it, but it had resisted her efforts. It didn't help things that she was entirely clueless as to how one went about resuscitation and had finally resorted to calling a friend to drive out and help her plan for its possible last rights. Now, she was running late to school and had already missed the first two periods. The student office had been very understanding, given that she was not in the habit of being late, and allowed her off with only a warning. Luckily, her driver had a fondness for speed that was backed up by the engine in the big black F350 in which she was now riding shotgun. Her dark eyes narrowed further with his continued silence, though part of her was inwardly cringing at the thought that he may actually be mad at her. He'd been unable to revive her poor slain truck despite the fact that he seemed to know exactly what was wrong. The billowing smoke had been a very bad sign in her view, and it had taken him a while to get close enough to be able to pop the hood for a closer look. He'd simply shaken his head in resignation, before steering her towards his waiting truck. She'd been silent until his dire pronouncement of her culpability. He had warned her, but she had let the warning fade into the background in her desperation. Her death-glare was simply a cover up to hide her sense of impending doom. He managed to keep his face straight for all of twelve more seconds before a smile big and white enough to shame a Colgate commercial crossed his darkly tanned face just as a small finger poked him sharply in the ribs. "Don't you laugh at me, Sam Uley!" Bella growled at the werewolf who promptly roared with laughter. Her lower lip jutted out and Sam wrapped a heavy arm around her, yanking her against his side and holding her there until she simply couldn't help but join in, her lips tipping up until her smile matched his. And in his book, that made all of this worth it. Seven months ago when he'd found Bella abandoned in the woods in the pouring rain, he'd felt little other than pure panic. There he was, barely a fully grown man and supposedly some all-powerful protector of both his people and hers, and here he was completely and painfully helpless in the face of a broken little girl who felt like a hollow shell of a human in his arms. Her brown eyes had looked almost black with their emptiness in her pale, chilled face, her lips a frightening shade of blue. Her tiny body had hung limply in his arms as he lifted her from the soggy ground, totally unresponsive to either his words or actions as he attempted to comfort her. He ran with her pulled tightly to his overheated body as if he could force all that extra heat into her. He also well-remembered the look in Jacob Black's eyes... The blank look of utter terror that had pinched his still immature face, quickly transforming to a strange mix of relieved stress as he saw his best friend lying in the arms of a man who he both feared and loathed as he'd quickly approached Police Chief Swan with his nearly comatose daughter. He remembered the strange sense of incompleteness he'd suffered for the next two weeks, Emily's attempts at comforting him falling flat even as he was driven to help the next two Wolves with their sudden new place in their people's hierarchy. One had been the epitome of Zen-like cool who had coasted through the change with an amazing lack of discombobulation, while the other was a full-on powerhouse driven by pure unadulterated rage. Keeping him in any kind of check had taken all of his energy and mental acuity because he seemed to actually be more at ease while in the thick of a brawl. But for all of his distractions, he couldn't get rid of the nagging sense that he'd left something undone. Having grown up without a true father figure in the home, he'd picked the upright side of the spectrum and pushed himself towards success. His father had been a drunken bully who liked to pound on his mother on the nights he'd been drinking, which sadly had been more often than naught. Growing up in that type of home environment had left him with a deep seated belief in the protection and respect for the female species as him mother had refused to shatter no matter the provocation. She was the strongest woman he'd even met and she'd finally broken the chains of her husband's abusive hold over her and had forced him from her home at shotgun-point. When faced with her unflinching confidence in herself and the new lack of fear, he'd finally disappeared and never showed his face in La Push again. Sam had taken the man's example as how not to live. He'd thought his life was fully planned and on course, only to have it all fall apart when he'd lived up to genetics and found himself suddenly with four paws, a tail, and a stature that rivaled a horse. The dangerously high fever and strange heightening of his senses, not to mention his sudden and extreme late growth spurt had ended in a conclusion that should have only been possible in a child's story book. The Brothers Grimm might have done it justice. He had spent a month hiding in the woods in wolf form because he'd not known how to turn back. He'd cringed every time his mother had stood in their back yard and begged him to return but he'd been afraid to show her his strange transformation for fear of terrifying her. Even worse had been when Leah had appeared two weeks later and stood holding his despairing mother, both calling his name into the darkness. Then, it had really ended. After all the time spent as a wolf, searching for the way to return to human form, it all came crashing down just days after his homecoming when his fiancée's cousin had come along to help Sam and Leah attempt to get their life back on track after he managed to miss the finals of his first year at the community college. He'd imprinted on the girl, and Leah had been instantly driven from his heart. Oh, he still cared for her, even loved her in some way, but it paled to the way even hearing Emily's voice made his whole being burn with need and his body toache for her. He hadn't known he'd been capable of that kind of want, though that might have also been due to the fact that he'd always held himself in check even if it had all been subconscious. But the look on Leah's face when she realized that she'd lost him had just about broken his heart. Because, no matter the fact that he was bred to be a physical protector of humanity, Sam was a protector at the very core of his soul. It wasn't in him to turn his back on those who needed him. But as sad and shamed as he felt about the outcome, he had known that it would be better for Leah if he simply let her go on thinking he was a lying, cheating bastard than if he tried to explain everything to her. There was no hope she would understand what with the limited facts he would have been able to provide after the gag order handed down from the tribal elders. It was also the last time he bowed to the wishes of the council when they had demanded he keep the secret of the Pack's existence from those he cared for. So when he'd managed to overhear one of the elder's conversing with another about Bella Swan's complete and utter emotional devastation as reported to them from Billy Black and son, he was suddenly seized upon with the reason for his agitation. He was needed, and he wasn't about to fail the girl. He had spent almost three hours arguing with himself while sitting the woods just within visual range of the Swan's back yard just after sunset, debating reasons and explanations, before finally forcing himself to walk up to the door and knock. But he was totally unprepared for the frightened and shame-filled man who seemed to have supplanted the usually unflappable Charlie Swan. His face had been pale with exhaustion, black rings under his eyes that would have looked right at home on a raccoon. And even from where he'd stood he could hear the girl thrashing in her bed, the oddly weak stumbling of her heart. A low, desolate cry had broken from her that caused the older man's face to crumble in pain as he waited for it to crescendo into banshee-like wailing. He didn't stop to ask for permission before bolting up the stairs four at a time and ducking through the low doorway into the dark bedroom, caring little for the fact that his pace had been so clearly inhuman. He could hear Charlie stumbling up the steep stairwell after him but didn't wait for him to catch up before yanking back the heavy blankets and scooping the struggling, far-too-thin body from the bed and up into his arms. He knew that she felt lighter than she should due to his werewolf strength, but he could tell that she had been starving herself and the wolf in him rumbled in disapproval and unease. He'd carried her, still thrashing in the grip of her nightmares, towards her bathroom and stepped into the shower with her, clothing and all. Her father had stood in the doorway watching, his mouth open to protest his actions but the words never emerged. Bella had spluttered into wakefulness under the cold pelting water of the shower, her eyes huge and terrified and still far too dark in her pinched and sallow face. Her eyes had met his and he'd felt a strange, stomach dropping jolt that suddenly anchored him to the girl by his