Hamurath woke up, feeling light slap in face. He blinked rapidly with silent cry, at the same time grabbing the hilt of sword. - Shhh… Easy, it's me, stupid. - Uvatha leaned over him, smiling unpleasantly - What the fuck are you doing here? You was going to guard the western tract, don't you? - Hamurath looked at him for a moment, desperately trying to hide embarrassment. - I heard something… I think, they called us… - - What are you talking about, little virgin? - Uvatha seemed surprised - We have orders to wait here, ye know. - - That's true, but sounds like trouble… And I saw… The elf lord. I was afraid to stay… We need to return. - Uvatha only snorted. - No no no, I'm not going anywhere… My ass hurts as fuck from sitting on horseback, I need to rest finally. - - Maybe your ass hurts from something else… - hissed Hamurath silently, before could bit his tongue. Uvatha looked at him attentively and suddenly burst out maniacal laughing. - Insolent bastard… such a sharp answers… Seems I… cured thee from innocent shyness… - he choked, while Hamurath observed him grimly till he finally caught a breath, getting serious - Alright, you sniffed a little around… Now you'll move your sweet, skinny ass and go back with report. - - Excuse me?! - Hamurath rose, angered - I'm as tired as you, specially, I worked hard while you… with him… just fucked like some bitches in heat! And why you're giving me orders?! You're the ninth… - he stopped suddenly, seeing that Uvatha narrowed eyes dangerously. - I'm ninth, that's true… - he got up slowly - But unfortunately… I'm also much stronger… - suddenly he grabbed younger men violently, twisting his wrists with threatening smile and whispered, lowering his voice - And that I fucked you, not means, you can be disrespectful… - - You're disgusting… - Hamurath sighed impotently, turning his sight and limping in others arms. Uvatha grinned in terrorizing way. - Say "Forgive me, my lord"… - - What is that…?! - they both turned, hearing a harsh voice. Indur approached untidy and still sleepy, clothed in breaches only - Uvatha, release him! And you… - he pointed younger men - Why the fuck are you here?! - Hamurath summed up in few words. Uvatha waved contemptuously. - I told him to return, then… - - I won't! That's… - - Shut up you both…! - Indur raised arms and sat on nearest root, rubbing his chin thoughtfully - I need to think. - He remained silent for a moment, considering the risk. - Well… - he said finally - If we all return without an urging need, Captain would be eager to skin us alive. But there's also a need to warn them… Then you'll go. - - And what's with elf…? If there's more… - - Be careful, then. - Indur shrugged - Or ye have to deal with them. - - How?! - - I don't know, maybe fuck with them. - Hamurath only clenched teeth, trying to not explode and mounted a horse. Before he dig spurs in horse sides, Indur stopped him with gesture. - And one more thing… If Khamul asked why we didn't come… Just tell him to kiss my ass and think twice, before he'll send us there and back again! I'm too old for that shit, if I get an order, it should have a sense! - - And that I understand. - Uvatha nodded to him appreciatively - You should be the second in command, not easterling. - - Oh, we all know good, why he is the second in command… - Indur smiled in ugly way - Right…? - Uvatha guffawed, amused. - Yeah… He must be very good in something… And I'm not talking about fencing. - they both laughed - Though, if you were the boss, I would have an extraordinary graces as well… - Indur punched him lightly. - Shut up, I would be just… - he grinned - And reward you only after thou please me exceptionally…- Hamurath rolled eyes, urging his horse. - Rustics… - - Well, we're alone… - Uvatha showed teeth in grin - And can talk openly. So… what you think about it? - Indur looked at him without interest, still dazed by sleep, willing to return to his bedding. - About that call? Nothing, I suppose was accidental… Maybe someone got injured… - - And if he really meet that fucking elf lord? - - I don't give a shit. He has sword and some sense, doesn't he…?- - Yeah… And talking about elves… Haven't you impression, that ringbearer is protected much better than we were thinking? - - And…? - Inudr sighed, wishing to end that matter. - What's if… there's some elven magic, protecting him… - Indur smiled slightly, knowing that magic was the only thing, Uvatha was afraid of. Younger nazgul noticed and waved - I only mean, we should have some plan. Here someone can easily discover our presence… We could ride closer to river bank and wait there for others. When the chase will be close, we just… - he made a gesture of slamming trap, with vile grin. Indur considered for a moment. - Well… That could work… You surprise me sometimes with wise ideas. - Uvatha only laughed. - Someone here must think, you lazy bastard. - They reached bank of Anduin in less than half a day, picking a good place for makeshift camp. Dusk slowly approached, making them feeling more confident; specially, both heard some noises and melodic voices on opposite bank. - I wouldn't like to fight with them on their own territory… - murmured Indur, listening attentively. Uvatha only stroked his weapon, which he held close all time, even preparing to sleep. - No difference to me… I just want to cut some fair heads and bleed that bitches… Humiliating before. I wish, they come here… - - Silence, you'll bring bad luck! - Indur spat behind his back to undone the evil eye - I want that too, but only after we'll get the ring and solve situation. - - Stop worrying, everything will be fine. We are nine, who can stand against us?! - - Elven magic… - murmured Indur maliciously. - Oh, shut up. - Night went calmly, without any incidents. They spend it changing on guard, with weapon and horses in ready. Sun rose slowly, apathetic and partly hidden behind clouds. Indur observed the tract to river from hiding, while Uvatha sat nearby, leaning against the tree. He just started to whisper something, when they heard the call. Piercing wraith scream reached from afar, full of fury and haunt excitement. - They're almost here! - snapped Indur, jumping from his place and mounting a horse in hurry - Let's go! - They burst out on foggy tract, among the wet vapor of mist, urging horses to gallop. Scream resounded again, seeming to be much closer now. After few minutes they heard dull sound of hooves banging on ground and roar of horses, along with urging screams. From forest depths burst out in wild canter few black riders, following the white horse. - Come on! - Indur growled, baring his sword and directing towards a victim. Uvatha followed him with piercing howl, already blinded by bloodlust. Snow- white rider screamed in speech of elves, and light blinded them, making black horses wheezing in terror. Indur barely managed to stay in saddle, covering eyes with arm and hissing. She-elf passed him without difficulty, almost stopped by Uvatha, though somehow managing to escape him too. With furious scream both turned and dig spurs in horses sides, followed by others. She-elf screamed again, desperately, and white horse run faster despite it seems impossible, crossing the last few leagues to ford and entered the river. Wraiths stopped abruptly, when horses roared in terror, close to water. Captain rose in stirrups, reaching arm to cast a spell. - Give us the halfling… - She- elf only turned, boldly staying against all Nine. Witchking urged his horse furiously, crossing the water, with naked sword in right hand. - Follow me! - he growled, and others reluctantly obeyed. Indur felt chilly shiver, when entered the running water, which seems to whisper maliciously, in threatening way. - Do not cross… You will die… drown… We will… drown you… - - Shut up… - he thought, urging fearful mount - I heard nothing…! It's illusion… - Khamul's horse reared, turning eyes in highest horror. Easterling screamed something, sounding panicked. Uvatha howled in cold fury, beating his animal with leather whip, which he never used before. - I'll kill you, fucking bitch! - his voice was frantic - MOVE! - Finally mount jumped forward, foaming from a muzzle, and catch up with Captain, passing him. Suddenly Indur heard some powerful noise and turned head, anxiously. He froze, seeing huge, dark wall of water rushing at them. - OH GOD, watch out! - Was too late. Sight of Captain and his fellow disappearing under roaring water masses was the last thing, he remembered before cold and stone- hard surface hit him too. He felt powerful impact, and water dragged him in depth, throwing his body like he weight nothing. He struggled for some time, desperately trying to release, when finally felt deadly grip weakens. He broke free and took loud, deep breath, feeling fresh blessing air finally coming to his tormented lungs. He escaped the rapid current and raised head above water, screaming his fellow's name. He was always a good swimmer, thanks to numenorean blood, but this time barely managed to stay afloat. He saw something black, but couldn't say it was one of his companions, or just a torn cloak. Then suddenly he saw other men few feet away and screamed again, noticing, he was almost drowned. Uvatha heard him, and turned head, when another wave throw him violently and drugged under the water. Indur could only watch helplessly as men was throw against the sharp rocks; he almost heard loud crack of body hitting with terrible power in hard surface, wincing and widening eyes in terror. Water flowed red at the base of rocks. - Noooo! - he screamed, sure that other smashed his head, desperately fighting with river, till reached the rocks and grasped with iron force other's limp wrist. He winced and groaned in pain, when hit on sharp stones, trying to protect own head and unconscious body in his arms. Younger men seemed dead; his head leaned back limply, revealing snow- white face with bluish lips and bloody forehead. Indur somehow managed to stay afloat with motionless body, which seems so heavy and hard to drag as uncooperative horse. He cursed weakly and with fading strength, slowly directing towards a shore. Finally, he reached solid ground, sinking on knees and panting hard, still holding his companion in arms. Only now river's fury eased, as it know that victims were out of its reach and water again flowed fast, but calmly, with silent hum. - No, no… Please, do not die… - Indur lifted men's head, slapping him few times and trying to not panic - Please, Lord in Void, let him live… - Suddenly he remembered what should be done and rolled heavy, unconscious body on one side, pushing on his stomach, making him caught and vomit, while took few ragged breaths. - Oh God, thanks Melkor… - Indur closed eyes in gesture of deep relief. His hands trembled noticeably, when again took men's head, helping him to expectorate all water. Uvatha finally stopped coughing, only panting hard, looking at his companion. - You dragged me out…? Damn, I was sure, I'll die in that fucking river… - from his mouth flowed out curses, till he again started to cough. Indur still trembled slightly, when leaned over and without a