The night was cold and silent. On dark, starless sky no single light was visible, nor even shadow of it. From the forest's depths appeared two figures, all clothed and armored, with silent clog of iron and weapons. One men moved fluidly like a shadow; he seemed younger and leaner than other, who's shoulders and chest were wide and head protected with heavy helmet. He wear imposing plate- armor, which covered his body from foot to neck. They looked around, revealing in deep shadows more and more orc's and men's corpses. - What's a mess… - older men spat on the ground. Some branch cracked and third men appeared, walking heavily. He was enormous size, even compare to his well- built companions. In darkness he looked exceptionally ominous; mutilated, with many deep scars and mask hiding more than a half of his face. - What the hell happened here?! - - Are you blind or what… - murmured Hammer angrily - Those damned partisans from Ithilien again! And that was your squad, Tower. - - What?! I gave them orders to move towards Morgul pass three days ago! - Hammer sighed. - Just look at them. - Huge men leaned over and studied for some time few orc faces. - Damn… - - See…? Our lord send us here; he sensed, something's wrong and some power works against us. - he felt silent for few minutes - Alright, what's done cannot be undone. Question is, what we'll do with that. Boss…? - Youngest men didn't answer right away. He seemed lost in own thought, but his eyes scanned closely every trace and mark on ground. Finally he spoke. - They aren't numerous, but rose in strength and getting more and more bold… We have to end this now and for good. - - Great! - Hammer's eyes gleamed - We'll return for new squad and… - - No. - Black Hand frowned. - Then what…? - Tower looked at him suspiciously - We split up? - Hammer slowly grinned, when understood captain's intentions. - We'll deal with them ourselves. - Back Hand nodded with slightest suggestion of smile - That's the best news for long… - Tower laughed, amused with his companion bloodlust and mounted his huge, cold-blooded horse. - I'm in. Let's go. - They traced infantry partisan squad after few days, and seeing, there were no more than forty armored warriors, they decide to attack openly, taking enemies by surprise. People were shocked, seeing three men staying boldly against all, but disbelief quickly turns into panic, when numenoreans started to kill. Screams of agony echoes for some time, till less then fifteen survivors fled in highest horror towards western woods. Numenoreans followed them, almost overdriving horses, and finally reached all victims, leaving no soul. They moved for more than five day, after leaving behind huge pyre of corpses, slowly directing north, but road was long and hard, and their mounts no longer able to carry riders. Both Tower and Hammer were wounded, though not serious; some alcohol and bandages made of ripped shirt were enough to take care of injuries. Tower stopped suddenly, holding the rains. - I see some lights ahead. - he said with low, calm voice - Must be a house… Or tavern. - Hammer narrowed eyes, trying to see something on dark horizon. - Indeed… - he nodded - Boss, we're driving for days. We could eat something and take some rest, before horses die from exhaustion. - Younger men remind silent, seeming thoughtful. - Come on, boss… - urged Tower - I feel like my legs grown into ass already… - Black Hand glanced up finally. - Yes… Why not. - Tower looked delighted. - Neat, I'm deadly thirst for some wine. - Hammer only grinned wryly. - You need more a bath, then wine… You're stinking like a hog… - They reached the inn quickly, tired and sweated after long travel, leaving horses outside and ordering some young men to take care of them. Black Hand entered firmly, not bothering himself with knocking. He looked around and narrowed eyes, seeing the inn was full. - Well, well… - Tower's eyes gleamed in dim light of candles and fireplace - So much cattle… We'll need to clean that place a little. - Hammer grinned sadistically and put the hand on hilt of his mace. - You heard?! - he roared - Get the hell out, pigs! - All people inside froze, looking astonished and fearful on three individuals. Talks and hum gradually faded, till dead silence. Some fall out to the doors, some stayed, baring their weapons, with angry murmur. Black Hand looked on them, as amused, smiling almost imperceptibly. He bared a sword with one, skillful movement. After some time, when there left no one able to fight, Hammer smashed the head of last men, and turned around with maniacal look. His teeth were bared in hard to read grimace, and his face flowed with victim's blood, which he wiped now with gloved hand, licking his lips while. Tower finished few wounded, laughing with their begging pleads, and pointed at sumptuous table. - We're ready for supper, sir. - he said mockingly. Black Hand sat already on heavy, wooden bank and cleaned his sword with piece of cloth, calmly as nothing happened. - Lock the door. - he ordered, without raising his sight and hanging expression. Then he turned slightly and stabbed heavy look on scared men, who seemed to be the innkeeper - You. Bring us the food and wine. And don't try anything… - Men turned quickly, making a gesture to woman and young boy curled behind. - No. They'll stay here… - murmured Black Hand softly - As a quarantine… - Woman sobbed without stop. After few minutes, Hammer turned to her with irritated expression. - Shut up for fuck's sake, I hate that…! You're going to mute, or I'll kill you! - Tower laughed silently, moving to door and securing them with wooden staple, while woman covered her mouth, trying to be silent. The boy only stood motionless, pale as corpse. He was lean, rather short and seemed to be under eighteen. Now his eyes widened, when huge, mutilated warrior looked at him with some strange gleam in cold, blue eyes, what made him trembling; the more that numenorean noticeably licked his lipless mouth. - Leave the lady in peace, Hammer. - he murmured - Haven't you any courtesy…? - - I hate when they squealing… - - It's like music for my ears… Music of fear and agony… - - You're sick, ye know. - Hammer grinned - And your taste is awful… I mean, for everything. - he emphasized the last word, throwing a look on young boy - Hope, there is more than a one bed chamber here… I won't listen, nor watch that shit again. - Finally, the innkeeper appeared bringing plenty food and heavy pitchers. He ordered the maid servant to help him and when there was no reaction, he slapped her lightly in face. - Move, girl! - he snorted with trembling, panicked voice - Bring that to the table… - Maid rose unsteadily and walked to room corner, with eyes lowered. She served three plates and cine dish with roasted meat, turning quickly. She circled between kitchen and the table several times, bringing more food and drinks, trembling when felt sight of terrifying men. Tower stared at her hungrily, biting one piece of meat and bread after another. He licked lipless mouth, gradually getting more and more aroused. Long abstinence and battle excitement make him suddenly willing to satisfy himself in any way. - Damn, you're staring at her as hungry dog… - mocked Hammer, relaxing and drinking - Stop that before you drool whole table. - Tower only grinned, as amused. - I would love to put that little wench on table… - he murmured - And why not exactly… Boss…? - Black Hand looked at him, irritated. He waved, as permission. - Magnificent! Woman, come here… - Maid started to moving back, when Tower rose slowly, straightening up to his full, impressive height, purposely scaring her even more. - Come here, little bitch, or you'll regret bitterly… - he smiled with sadism, when girl fall on her knees, crying aloud for help. He approached menacingly and brutally grabbed her hair, lifting by armpits, and leading almost fainted to his place - Shhh… No help will come. - Hammer moved away a little, making a place, drinking beer and observing. He looked amused and somewhat disgusted, like Tower sat the girl on his lap, palpating her violently, for now content only with her fear. He sniffed aloud, leaning over his victim, when suddenly woman limped in his arms. - Oh, fuck that! - Tower growled furiously - Bitch dared to faint…! - Hammer laughed loudly, amused by other's fury and looked more interested, seeing Black Hand suddenly rising and approaching. - Give her to me. - he ordered with silent, cold voice. - What…? She's unconscious… - - I see, you fool. - Realizing, his boss was serious, Tower reluctantly handed to him woman body. - Why you do that?! - he burst out irritated - Could it be, that your conscience flinched a little…? Or maybe you got interested in her…? - Black Hand ignored him, arranging woman on wooden bank. He narrowed eyes, leaning over and making some gesture, whispering few words. - Look at me. - his silent voice has more strength, the other's growl. Woman blinked rapidly and started to cry again - Silence… - His calm seemed to hypnotize the girl; she only stared at his handsome face without any sound or slightest movement. Numenorean titled his head, as lost in his own thoughts. Then lightly touched her chin, forcing to look above. - Aren't you grateful for saving you… ? - he asked with velvet voice, what makes others two suddenly suspicious about his intentions, but girl only nodded eagerly. - Yes… yes, my lord… I'm grateful… - - Correct, woman. Then show me your gratitude. - maid widened eyes, getting silent, what makes the men inpatient. He grasped her arm, throwing her brutally on the ground - Shall I give you back to him…? - Woman kneeled, sobbing and started to unbuttoning her gown. Black Hand only winced slightly. - Not that, stupid bitch. - Hammer and Tower watched amused and surprised, like black captain unbuttoned his belt and forced woman to pleasure him, being brutal all time, holding her head and making her almost suffocate. He gradually relaxed head and closed eyes a little, breathing faster and harder. Finally he took loud, ragged breath and finished with sigh of relief, releasing girl's hair, making her fall on ground, coughing. He breathed deeply, in fast movement improving his clothes, with usual emotionless expression. Hammer laughed lowly. - Boss, you never cease to amaze me… - Innkeeper approached with terrified expression. - What have you done… - Black Hand only looked at him, what made the men shut up instantly. Then he throw on the table moneybag and picked few golden coins. - That's a payment for her favors. - Innkeeper suddenly changed mood, murmuring something thankfully and staring a hypnotized on money. Numenorean was sure, he never saw so much gold at once. - Noble lord… If you only need something more… - - Wine. - - Of course… - - And prepare the room. - - Maybe something more, sir…? Woman for all night? - Black Hand sighed irritated. - No, get out. - Men nodded eagerly and turned, intending to leave, but hesitated. His greed won with fear; he make a reverence and addressed to other captains. Hammer waved to him contemptuously. - I don't want. Get out… And bring me more beer. - Suddenly Tower make a stopping gesture and grinned, looking on young boy curled behind men's back. -