- You piece of shit… - Tower looked astonished on young men, who stood right in front of him, straight and haughty, with cold, insolent gaze - I'm in command here. Get out of my way! - Black Hand didn't even flinch. His strange, golden eyes met other's icy gray, when he looked straight at black captain's mutilated face. - Such cruelty is unnecessary. I suggest to kill them quickly and burn the village, without wasting ours and Dark Lord's time. - Tower laughed. - You dare to speak to me like that… It's unusual… - his low voice became slow and hypnotic; words fall like stones, heavy and matt - I wonder, it's because of your bravery, or maybe it's just foolishness… I observed you for some time, and I'm lively interested… Now… I say for the last time; Get… Out… Of my way. - Black Hand blinked few times, looking dazed, and finally stepped back, putting his sword inside a sheath with one quick, skillful movement. - Very good… - murmured Tower almost seductively - Well bred lad… - He bared his sword and pointed with heavy blade group of terrified people, staying in front of him. Some were wounded, and between them were woman and children. - Kill them. Slowly. - he made wide, mocking gesture - You have my blessing… - Orcs joyfully fall on survivors and slashed them without mercy, raping woman, tormenting and killing others. Scrams and sobs echoed, piercing and hopeless. After some time, when there left non alive, goblins started to cut dead bodies for pure pleasure of cruelty. - Is that please you? - asked quietly Black Hand - We waste here hours for nothing, while we could chase and destroy rest of armored warriors. - He stood motionless near black captain, who sat comfortably on his huge mount, looking on carnage with delightful expression. - Soldiers enjoy vengeance. - - They also lost themselves in vain cruelty, forgetting about purposes. - Tower throw him unpleasant look. - And what is your purpose, young officer…? - - Servitude to Sauron. - men's voice was cold and hard as ice - Absolute obedience without any personal aims. - Black captain winced. Though his expression couldn't change much, because of iron mask, he wore all time, which make his lipless jaw slightly open and looking even more horribly. - Such devotion… - he mocked - And why? I wonder, what mysteries hides your past… You denied to say about it… You know, I can force you… - Men stiffened and put his hand on the hilt of sword. - But I won't… - continued Tower with such malice in his voice, that causing shivers even on his coldblooded caller - But today you awoke my wreath… And I'll punish you.. In time… In the way, I consider appropriate. - Black Hand even didn't look at him. - Then try. - he hissed silently, seeming thoughtful, but his all body was tensed and ready to fight. Tower snapped with hidden fury. He realized, that despite men's young age and smaller size, he was afraid of him. Black Hand was so cold… So far and completely emotionless. That bothers and makes him fearful. - Not so fast. - he said in low voice, swallowing his anger - I'm not so hastily… When we back, I'll report to our master and he'll decide. - Black Hand only nodded slightly, not changing expression. Almost six days passed, before they back to Mordor. After destroying enemies village, they chased the rest of survivors and finally slay them in southern woods, before those could reach Ithilien. Despite Black Hand's fears, no one managed to alarm the enemies, but still was close to that. Tower's war experience prevented it happens, but black captain was upset and clearly enraged, knowing that younger men could be not mistaken. He rode silent and grim, speaking only when was giving some orders or cursing. Now he dismounted, leaving his huge, ponderous mount, similar more to beast then normal horse, and in slow steps approached buildings of Barad- dur. He throw his weapon and leather saddlebags to small orc servant, who staggered under the weight of his belongings, and turned to other men. - You remember, what I said. - Black Hand also dismounted and looked at him coldly, with curt nod. - Then follow me… Or I'll drag you there by force. - They entered stronghold; powerful, despite still being partly in ruin. Then both headed to throne room and Tower opened one wing of imposing door, firmly entering as first. Black Hand followed him; he seeming fragile compare to huge, massive silhouette of black captain, though was tall and well built. - My lord. - Tower sank to one knee, making a reverence. Black Hand also bowed, lowering his head and eyes in gesture of humility. He barely dared to look on tall, hooded figure leaned on imposing throne made of iron and black marble. Sauron's face was hidden, as always, but in darkness under the hood gleamed golden, piercing eyes with vertical pupils. He greeted them with slight movement of gloved hand. - Speak. - His voice was deep, low, and powerful as murmur of storm. Black Hand was captivated, like each time when he heard his master. He felt sudden desire to dark lord spoke only to him, revealing secrets, whispering into his ear… He felt sudden shiver and quickly suppressed improper thoughts, focusing on reality. Tower however seemed to not share any of this emotion; he looked on hooded face with some fear and deep respect, but without awe and adoration, which felt younger men. - My lord, mission is completed and succeed. We destroyed all resistant and left enemies in ignorance. - - Good… - Sauron smiled, what Black Hand felt promptly in his voice - I'm pleased. - Tower bowed his head again. - Though there is something… - he started, giving a quick glance to men kneeling beside - That young men insulted me, trying to prevent to perform the task. He opposed my will, thus falling soldier's morale… - - And…? - hissed Sauron - How should I understand this…? You cannot deal with insubordination? - Tower started to sweat, didn't dare to rise his sight, regretting to start this conversation. - No, no! By your leave, my lord… I just wanted to ask about permission to punish him. - Sauron looked at him motionlessly, in silence. - Permission to punish… - he whispered after a while - That is curious. You want to kill him, then…? - - I wouldn't dare! Your lordship choose this men to his service, then how could I consider to change his will…? I only wished to make sure, your highness approves my deeds. - Sauron titled his head slightly, seemingly amused. - Well… That is praiseworthy. I appreciate obedience… And thus I say; you can punish him in a way you find exact and just, cause he showed disobedience to higher in rank. But then, you will no more cultivated anger, for I do not want any hatred between my people. - Tower gets silent, secretly limping with relief. - Now… - Sauron made a short gesture - Choose punishment carefully and execute it now, in front of your king. - Black Hand paled clearly hearing this, but showed no fear and remain silent. Tower bowed and rose slowly, turning to him with sharp glance and sadistic smile. - Get up. - he ordered softly, this time absolutely confident - And remove your clothes… - Black Hand obediently followed his will, removing heavy cloak, wide belt and all armor, staying only in overall clothing- simply tunic and trousers. - No… Take off ALL. - Tower smiled sadistically. Black Hand hesitated and gave quick glance to dark lord, who sat on his throne, looking emotionlessly. Slowly he began to unbuttoning his tunic, fully aware of other's intensive stare. He throw shirt on marble floor and froze tensed, expecting hard beating or whipping, but certainly not that, what happened. Tower moved close, in few quick steps, and grabbed him roughly, with one hand grasping his dark hair and embracing in waist with other, crushing his ribs. Men tried to push him out, but black captain backhanded him with strength that almost broke his jaw and eyebrow. Black Hand snarled silently, spitting blood and tensing muscles. Unarmed, he felt weak and defenseless, specially compare to huge figure beside; Tower was enormous size, and men barely reached his head to his chin. Besides, other was still all clothed and armored, with heavy, iron gloves on his hands, bristling with spikes. Tower immobilized him brutally, and turned to Sauron. - This is my punishment. I'll break his insolent pride. - Dark lord nodded slowly, as hypnotized, with eyes burned like two flames. He looked amazed on men's nakedness. Such views never caused any reaction on him, till today. Numeorean was beautiful… He couldn't not mention that, and deep inside, felt strangely aroused. Tower breathed with satisfaction and with one, quick movement, opened men's breeches, undressing him completely. Black Hand gritted his teeth with sudden fury. He released one hand and hit other in eyeball, making him retreated with groan of pain. Then he turned and brutally snatched out one of two short pieces of steel buried in Tower's mutilated back, with audible sound of cracking skin; black captain howled. Sauron laughed. - He beat you even unarmored and almost naked… I'm impressed. - Tower flew into a blind fury. He grunted, when men stabbed him with iron splinter, taking a blow with easiness and only wincing, when steel went into his muscles. He grasped Black Hand's arm, before that could attack again, squeezing and throwing him on the ground with dull sound. Men lost his breath, feeling like some of his bones were broken, when black captain hit him again and pulled roughly, panting with hatred. - You'll regret that… - he hissed right into men's ear. - Enough. - both froze hearing Sauron's voice - Don't hurt him too much. And you… - he pointed at young men - Do not oppose his will… - Numenorean gasped deeply, looking at him from under hair falling on his eyes, and slowly, with huge effort of will, relaxed muscles. Tower felt that and smiled. - That is much better… - he murmured lustfully, licking lipless mouth - Be kind for me, and I'll be kind for you, bitch… - He started to touch men's body, running his fingers through pale, muscular chest and belly, licking lasciviously his neck and jaw; in the same time rubbed on him, more and more violently, panting. Black Hand winced, barely holding sudden will to vomit, when felt on his back other's erection. Then his eyes opened wide in panic; that thing was huge… Tower pulled him harder and moaned lowly, licking him hungrily straight in tightened lips, trying to enter his mouth. - Open… - he ordered - Or I'll do that with my blade… And don't try to bit me. - he warned with low murmur. He removed one glove and squeezed men's jaw, suddenly sticking all fingers in his mouth. - Suck it… - After a while, men felt massive tongue sliding over his teeth and throat, leaving strange, metallic taste. He almost choked and hold his breath; iron covered other's chin smelled with blood and dirt, like rotten carrion; not different then lipless mouth with sharp teeth. Finally Tower broke obscene kiss, and gasped deeply. - Aaaah, my fair numenorean… How that feels to be my slut…? - he brutally squeezed men's arms, while other hand opened his thighs and entered inside. Black Hand gritted his teeth with audible crack, wincing painfully. He wanted to look on Sauron, begging him in thoughts to make it stop, but would never prostrate himself to cry for pity. He endured torment in silence, feeling long fingers of black captain