STORY NOTES: First of all, I own nothing pertaining to Twilight . That is Stephenie Meyer – lucky broad… SO, no copyright infringement intended. Secondly: I got this idea after watching a documentary on HBO called One Nation Under Dog . I highly recommend it, but it is NOT for the faint of heart. Hell, even I could barely stand it and I'm a tough nut to crack. Forks, Washington – as far as I know – does NOT have anything to do with that documentary – what I'm writing is a work of fiction and using some of the things I have seen that ARE fact in my little story. I will not be using any of the names or places found in the documentary, I am using Twilight characters instead. Basically – Edward is a character based on a man in the documentary, some of the practices are being written about but have nothing to do with the real locations. I am not a Veterinarian, nor am I a doctor. I know barely ANYTHING about vet medicine, and less than about human medicine. Procedures or treatment will probably be Googled. Do not take it as fact. WORK OF FICTION PEOPLE! Finally, Vicious is rated M for a gamut of things including violence, language, sexual situations, rape, abuse (towards people and animals), the dark side of animal shelters, and death (of people and/or animals). This is the only warning you will get. If you can't handle, or don't like reading about any of the above, this story may not be for you. For those of you like me who just can't let this kind of angst and horror go…I promise you it will be worth it in the end. :) Characters will be OOC, obviously... I will be posting this story once a week – that's the plan anyway. I will also be alternating POVs each chapter from Edward to Bella as best as I can. There will be a lot of bad before there's any good, but I promise you, there will be good. :D A/N: I own nothing. Such a pity... *sigh* This is Edward's POV with his history and some history of the characters. There is a character death spoken about, but in past tense. Remember, I said this was NOT going to be all happy go lucky for a while. EPOV The incessant ringing of my cell phone woke me at four-thirty in the morning and as I slammed my hand around blindly it fell off of the nightstand and onto the floor. Guess I'm up , I thought as I let it go to voicemail. I was somewhere between sleep and awake when it went off again. Shit …, popping my eyes open I groaned as I got up and located the blasted thing under the bed. Alice . "Who's dead or on fire?" I growl into the phone. I realize this isn't the nicest things to do for a few reasons. One, she's my sister. Two, this is probably work related. "Screw you, too!" She replied and I smiled. "What's up?" This time I'm sure she can hear the smile in my voice. "You wanted me to call first thing when I got up so we could head out. Why do you ask me these things if you're just going to yell at me?" She pouts. "Shit, that's right. I'm sorry, Ali, look why don't you get dressed and I'll be there in a little bit. We can do breakfast before." I try to make her feel better. "You know, now I remember why I like you!" She laughed and hung up on me. I chuckled to myself and went into the bathroom to start my morning ritual – which wasn't much – piss, brush my teeth, shave and attempt to brush my hair into anything but the electrocuted look. I throw on some jeans and a t-shirt since I'm just going to be getting dirty, pull a hooded sweatshirt over my head and hunt for shoes. Why is it, anytime you've got to hurry, you can never – and I mean never – find shoes? Locating my beat up pair of black Crocs I slip them on then open the basement door. "Em!" I shout. My best friend and roommate, Emmett stays in the basement. He didn't want to move in, in the first place. He claimed he shouldn't have to give up his apartment and 'move home like a little bitch.' I told him it was better than living with his dad and having to deal with why he lost his chance at football stardom after college all because his dad thought it was a good idea to lace his food and drinks every chance he got with steroids. But, I digress… "What?" Comes wafting up from the blackness below. "Feed the hoard. I'm going on the monthly shuffle." I shout and slam the door, grab my keys, and then trip over the lump on the floor…? "Damn it, Jake! You have got to stop sleeping in the middle of the kitchen!" With a grumble from the beast at my feet I leave the house and run to the giant, black conversion van. Opening the passenger door I grab the magnetic sign and slap it on the side of the van: "Cullen Dog Rescue and Half-Way House" reflected in the moonlight and I smiled. After Alice and I graduated my parents decided we needed to head back to Chicago to stay near family. Dad got his job back as Chief of Surgery at U of C Medical Center and mom wanted a new house to decorate, so, we closed up the house I'm living in now and headed east. Up until we got back to Chicago my little secret held. Once we got back to the Windy City shit got more accessible and I started fucking up. Apparently you can get oxies from just about anybody anywhere. And if they didn't have oxies I could get xany bars for around the same price. I couldn't help it. My dad, Carlisle Cullen – Chief Surgeon – wanted perfection out of my sister and I. Alice had no problem reaching for greatness and went off to become a Vet. I, on the other hand, couldn't handle the structure or the demands of Veterinary school and I didn't like people all that much, so a surgeon or physician was out of the question. Between the sad, disappointed look on my parent's faces, to the pressure of school I needed something to take the edge off and stealing beer and buying weed wasn't cutting it anymore. I needed stronger. I found it and shit went south, fast. It wasn't like I couldn't hack school. I just couldn't deal with the tediousness and the structure and the rules. The shit was easy and I was breezing through all of my classes. I graduated before Alice, but then when I decided I needed to celebrate, I got arrested. Possession with the intent to sell because they found a bottle of Oxycontin and Xanax. I was placed in jail over night with one phone call that I did not use at the time and in the morning I was sent before the judge. I explained that I was never going to sell them, that I got a month supply so that I could go undetected better than having to buy the shit all the time. I had no prior arrests, so the judge took off the sale charge, putting me on probation and giving me a $2,000 fine. When my parents found out about it, it was like World War 3, and then it all came out. I told them about my drinking and smoking in high school and how those things didn't help me now. All I wanted to do was make my dad proud of me… All I got from him was hate and disappointment. He gave me an ultimatum. Rehab or I had to leave. I left. I lived in my car for two years, at this point I was twenty four years old; all the schooling I went through was pointless because my license to practice was revoked. I worked odd jobs to get the money I needed for gas in the tank, pills, and sometimes food. When Alice found me I was skinny, dirty, out of cash, and sick. She got me to a hotel and called our mom who got there as fast as she could. She told me how much she loved me and that she never wanted me to leave, but that I needed help. Having it all explained to me with a mother's unconditional love it didn't hurt as much as it did when Dad said it. Of course, that could have just been that she got me at the right moment. After all, I was so sick because I hadn't had any in like 24 hours. Next thing I know I'm at some exclusive and private rehab center in Seattle which was run by my new favorite people, Peter and Charlotte Harris. My mother promised me that if I got through it, and stayed sober, she'd find a way to bury my record. I told her she didn't have to, that I put myself in the situation and needed to live with the consequences, but she did it anyway – one year later. After that, I moved into our old house here in Forks and never looked back. Shaking myself from my thoughts, I pulled out of the drive and headed toward town. It took about ten minutes to get to Alice's house. She lived right in town so she was close by if an emergency came in. She's Forks' local Veterinarian. You'd never guess it because she walks around looking like a pint-sized super model, but her passion (besides Manolo Blahniks) is animals. As if on cue, she comes strolling down her front porch in a purple sweater dress and tights, with knee high black boots. I roll my eyes. "You realize we're going to be walking around in dog shit and piss, right?" I sigh as she hops in. "Duh, that's why I'm wearing the clearance boots." She winked. Letting it go – because that's always for the best – I pull out of her drive and head to the local diner. Living in Forks you have to get used to everyone knowing your business. When we parked the van and headed in it was nearly deserted because it was only five in the morning, but the few regulars were there already. I had a bit of a reputation from my past and I was still being punished for it by some of the locals, so I never know how I'm going to be treated day to day. "Edward, Alice, come on over here and sit down." Mary, the little old lady and owner of the diner said as she waved us over. I smile because she's the sweetest thing you will ever meet in your whole life. She's about as tall as Alice – who's barely five feet – and has the prettiest puff of grey hair on the top of her head. Her eyes were blue, and sparkled constantly like she was up to something all the time. I often wondered what it would have been like if I'd have met her fifty years ago. "You didn't act this excited when the mayor came in yesterday." Ralph, one of the regulars, grumbled from his booth in the back. "I don't like the mayor, Ralphy, now shush!" Mary rolled her eyes and we tried not to laugh. "Now, what can I get you two?" "Two coffees and I'll have the special." I smiled. "I don't know how you can eat that much." Alice shook her head and turned to Mary. "I'll have some of your oatmeal, with brown sugar and blue berries please." "Coming right