A/N : Buano Cena! ( Hello everyone!). This is in Edward Point of view. First I thought I shouldn't do it but then I thought.." It's only fair if he got to tell his own story.. " so I did it. I had made it separate because I don't want to mess it up with Bella's story. I hope you like it..*Smile* Edward: Why me? Me: *frown* What do you mean? Edward: * roll his eyes" I mean why you tell this story by my POV. Bella was doing that.* Get lost in his thought.* * Wave my hands in front of his face.* Me: Hey! Edward: * shook his head furiously" Oh! yeah! sorry. Where was I? Me: * Giggling* That's why I'm doing it. Edward cocked his head at one side as his green eyes twinkled in amusement. Edward: Thanks!. Me: * Laugh* Oh! cut it out. * waves my hand dismissively* Edward : * smiles* No really! Me: * roll my eyes* Yeah, yeah. Edward: * chuckled* You're soo cute. I hope you get someone. * He ruffled my hair and I scowled up at him. Me: Someone like you. Edward: * smirked* Yeah! and you will get someone like me . Don't worry. Me : * Bouncing in my chair* Yayyy! Edward nodded towards you and I looked at you. Edward: Have fun. Me: * smiling*Off you go, guys…. *wink* 8-*-*-*-*-o-x-o-x-o-x-o-*-*-*-*-8 Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight . Stephenie Mayer does.. But Few are mine..*hehehee* Chapter - Fascination EPOV I did my morning rituals and get ready for the school. I was ecstatic about this year. I don't know why but I just do. Sometimes don't you get too much happy or excited for no reasons in particular for a simple thing. You felt as if you can conquered the world. That's how I felt, extremely happy for no reason. Well, there i s a reason. I have got promoted into upper grade. I'm in senior class now. Anyway, I packed my bag and get downstairs, only to see my brother, Emmet, scarfing down his food and Alice who was perched up on the dinning table, reading today's Fashion magazine. They both looked up as I round the table and grabbed an Apple before settling down beside Emmet. " Howdy, smarty bro! " It was Alice who commented. I waved my hand above my hair to reciprocate the greeting while chewing on my Apple. " Yo, ED! " And it was Emmet who touched his shoulder with mine and I raised my brow at him as we both shared our fist punch. " So, ready for our New session, Edward?" Alice come up to me as she begin to comb through my messy hair. I shrugged at her. She sighed and let go of my hair. " Only heavens knows how to tame your hair, Edward." she huffed and sat down next to me. I chuckled at her. " Hmm.. Maybe s omeone could do that for him." Emmet said suggestively. Alice frowned as i rolled my eyes at him. " Who? OH! Don't tell me Tanya could do that. It would be hilarious." Alice snickered as Emmet mimicked her voice. " Aw! c'mon, ED! It won't be that painful. I promi se!. Don't you Tru s t me?" Emmet ended with her so called- Adorable pout which always looks as if someone had stick a chewing gum on her lips. We all burst out laughing. " Where's the punch? I want to hear the joke too." We all turned to find our mom-Esme, the wife of Carlisle Cullen, leaning against the kitchen door frame. " Good mooring, children. Impatient for our New session, aren't we kids?" she said as she round the corner and we all greet her with a group hug. " Yes, mom. It would be a blast." Emmet said as he made a gesture of an explosion. Mom shook her head at him and leaned down slightly to peck at Alice cheek and run a hand through my hair. " Well, just enjoy your classes but-" she stop as we all cut her off. " Be careful." said I. "Don't do anything reckless" said Emmet "Obey your teachers" sang Alice " Focus on your study" said I. " Keep calm and help the needy ones" said Alice. " And Don't do any explosion" said Emmet. We all turned to look at him , shocked. He did a double take and then comment. " What? Just kidding people." We all burst out in laughter. Alice phone rang and she talk for a minute before she hang up. "Let's go, brothers. Jasper is arriving." Alice said in her sing song voice and we both followed her out of the house. Japer: Alice childhood best friend and now her boyfriend. Mom and dad had approved of them, since we all know that Jasper is a good guy and I know that He loves her as deeply as she does. I don't understand this, thought Alice kept on telling me that I will experience this all and that to very soon. But I just shook my head at her whenever she broached this subject. I know that this is not going to happened. Anyway, it took ten minutes to reach the school. We all parked our cars in our spot and neared the school office to get our schedules. As soon as we get our schedules after Emmet cracking some useless jokes and Alice throwing warning glances at the receptionist who was far more noticing her and giving me flirty look. We compared our schedules with each other. " I've got Bio, Web Technology, chemistry, maths and English" Alice rolled up her schedule and put it away in her bag, happily. "Someone is happy" Emmet said as we noticed her bouncing on the spot. she just shrugged nonchalantly. "Don't know. Just feels like it." she shrugged again but she throw a sly glance at me. But before I could question her, she urged us to read out our schedules. " I've got English, Web Technology, Political science, History and sociology." He finished his and they both turned to me. I looked down and read. Edward Cullen Class Schedules 8 a.m-9a.m = English 9a.m-10a.m = Web Technology 10 a.m-11a.m = Political science 11a.m-12 :00 = Break 12 p.m — 1p.m = History 1p.m — 2p.m = Sociology I looked up to saw both of them grinning. For Emmet, I can understand because we have got same class but Alice smiling so widely, it confused as well made me suspicious. Just then the receptionist came and said that there are some errors in the Emmet document, which he need to clarify. He shrugged and walked away, muttering a " see you all later" to us. I turned around and throw my arms across my chest with my raised brow. " . I was smiling because I felt a change is coming to your life, Edward." Alice said in a cheery voice and I groaned in frustration. " Please. Not again Alice!" I exclaimed as I turned around and walked out of the office with her trailing behind me. I held the door of the office open and she bounced out of the office while talking in her top speed. " Oh! c'mon Edward. Don't be a buzz killer. I just can feel the change in the air around you. Nothing will be the same from today onwards. You will see." " And what I will see, Alice?" I asked her sarcastically as I maneuvered my way inside the school campus. " The love of your life." He words made me stop dead in my tracks. I turned around, stare her for a second before I burst out in laughter. " Laugh while you can. But you won't be the same after you will see her." She smirk at me as I chocked. " Sure , Sure" I said between my chuckles as I round the last corner. But before entering the class, I looked back and saw her holding her hand in a gesture of a good luck and with a flying kiss in my direction, she was off. I shooked my head at her childlessness and enter in the class, only to be greeted by my old friends. After few minutes, the class begin to fill as I watched. But what caught my attention was a laugh. A infectious laugh of a girl. I looked up to saw a girl was waving behind her without looking back. So beautiful. So innocent. So cute. These words reel in my mind as I continue to stare at her. She looked around the class and rolled her eyes. I too swept a look and It was then I understand why did she did that. I read her lips as it forms "Show off." I chuckled at her analysis. She was right, indeed. Everyone was here, in fact was showing off. I watched her as she made her way down the lane of the fourth row, directly next to my seat, gently placed her bag on the seat and put down her head on her arms as she sat. And unthinkingly, before I could stop, the words flew out of my mouth without my permission. " Are you in this section?" Of course, she is, you stupid. I thought to myself. But before I could do anything, she raised her head very deliberately and looked in to my eyes. Innocent eyes widened as soon as they met my green ones. I felt unreasonably relaxed for no reason but just looking in her Innocent chocolate brown ones, I felt peaceful. I felt myself smiling because I felt happy for no reason. But quickly she looked away from me and nodded her head, an answer to my question. I wanted to know what's her name but Peter called on me and I unwillingly , turned my back to her. I noticed Angelia entered in the class with Kiara beside her and she waved at me enthusiastically, which I reciprocate. I saw her looking around in the class and then she spotted the girl, who was sitting beside my bench. They both beckoned her to join them. she get up and marched up to them , who were making their way to the rows who were near to the windows. They all stashed their bags on their respective seats and she sat behind them, all alone. I don't know but I didn't like that. Why couldn't she sat with one of them? But my thoughts get interrupted as I saw Kiara get up and come to stand by her bench. " Again?" I heard her voice faintly and hugged her. Her voice was soft yet girlish but it wasn't that high-pitch that the girls used to have. It was soft and low. Suddenly as if she could felt my gaze on her, she looked up at me and met my eyes. But as suddenly as she had looked at me, she averted her eyes and looked by her side, at Angelia. "I told her soo." Angelia mouthed to her and she raised her left brow at her. she bent forward slightly and started saying something in her Friend's ear. I was confused as to why is she doing this thing but after a few minutes or so her friend poke her in her ribs and I heard the most charming giggle from her. But that didn't make her stop murmuring in her ear. Then her friend chuckled and looked up at her and said something to her whilst smiling at her. she smiled back and take out a handkerchief from her coat pocket and offer it her. "Well,both, it is." I heard her soft voice as I saw her wiped out a tear from Kiara's blotchy cheeks as it had escaped from her praying fingers. Kind. I thought as I continue to stare at this