Summary: When a shy and anti-social Bella gets promoted onto upper grade and met Edward, a sweet Casanova who met Bella and thought of her as a "good girl" and had fallen in love with her unknowingly and wants to be her friend but he don't understand why Bella kept on ignoring him and don't even talk to him. Disclaimer: I don't owe Twilight except Few characters. Stephenie Meyer does ; (( Symptoms "It's good to be in the new class with new books, friends and on the new level. Isn't it? Bella?", Said my close friend Angelia. We all were promoted in the second higher class and we all were ecstatic about it. Well, they were, not me. I'm Isabella Marie swan, Daughter of chief Charlie swan and Renee swan. I'm there only child. I live with my Dad in the forks, in short here. In this rainy place but I'm not complaining, I like rain until and unless it didn't makes me wet and sick. My mom re-married insert a wince in here) with Phil Dwyer and lived with him back in Phoenix. I'm happy for her but sometimes I felt so lonely that I felt like ending my life then and there. You see, I've been brought up with my mom until I was 15 and she met Phil and get married to him and then I was been left with my Dad in here. My Dad and I are alike. I'm just like my Dad, timid, anti-social, introvert but if you get to know him he will warm up to you and you will felt as if you had known him for ages ago. Anyway, we all were moving to our new promoted class in our Forks High school. Everywhere I land my eyes on, I saw only joyful faces of my peers. Everyone was happy to meet his or her friends and new comers. Everyone was happy except me. I really don't care about friends, meeting new comers. I just wanted these school days to end so that could go from here and make my dream come true. Uh! FYI, I wanted to be Novelist. I write stories but this was the only thing that Angelia knows and no one else. I don't want anyone to make fun of something or me. But she just rolls her eyes at me and always quoted ' Your stories are sensible and are sentimental and they are amazing and interesting. You will be a great famous novelist' . But I know better that I can't be a novelist. Still, I wrote my imaginative stories and she read them enthusiastically and always ' Awed' and praised me, to which I'm very grateful. She never judge me and are always keen to help me because she says I remind her of her favorite cousin sister who lived in Spain and only once came to met her. "Yeah, it's Awesome," I tried to say as much as enthusiastically as I could mustard in it. She here turned slightly towards me and smirked. I sighed because I knew she had got me in here. She knows me too well that I don't like coming to school, at all. Before she could speak, I caught Ben down the corridor, which is in his junior class but in our age and I coughed slightly. "Well, if you would look behind you miss, you will have an awesome day today". I said and sidestepped her to enter in our new class. Confused, she turned to look at me but straightened up as she caught his presence and thrown me a glare. "You are next in this, Bella and you cannot run away from it nor hide from it". I heard her hissed before I could enter the class threshold. But the only thing I could do was to laugh merrily and waved her without looking back. I enter in the class and looked around. I can see I-Am-The-Miss-Hotty and I-Am-The-School Dude were already there. "Show off." I muttered as I walk down the lane of the fourth row and gently dumped my bag in the second last bench and sat in my chair and put my head down on my arms. "Are you in this section?" I heard a deep yet musical voice asked from nearby and I slowly raised my head to see who was it. But what I saw made my head spin uncontrollably and my heart thudded erratically. My words seemed to get struck in my throat, which made me unable to speak. What The Hell Is Wrong With Me? I thought. Because before me was the most handsome Boy have I ever saw or would seen in my existence or till I would live. He looked like a Greek God or would it be too much if I said that he can put Greek God to shame? His angular jaw, his sharp yet soft looking prominent cheeks with just soft stubble on his chin, his messy copper, black, red and bronze colored hair and lastly his eyes. His emerald green eyes, which looked amused about some unnamed joke. With a jolt of surprise, I realize that I hadn't answered him and I looked away from him and nodded as in confirmation. I heard his friends called him and he turned towards them. I heaved an unsteady breath, which surprise me the most and then I realize that my cheeks felt too hot for my liking. I raised my right hand to touch my cheek and it felt hot under my sweaty palm. Whoa! I thought. What the heck was that? I took deep cleansing breathe for what felt like eternity but merely few minutes when I saw Kiara and Angelia enter inside the class room and spotted me and beckoned me to join them. I lifted my bag up from the bench and marched up to them, who were standing near the windows bench rows, far away from the class entrance. They dumped their bag on there respective seats and I sat behind them. Before Kiara get up and come to stand by my bench. "Again?" Said I worriedly as I got up and hugged her. This is happening since last grade. Sudden Breakup and Patch up with her beloved one. I told her to grow up and end this but she always decline and said "You don't understand, Bella. It is too hard to cut this relationship with him" . Whenever she had breakups she always ring me up and I had to come up for her rescue and if I'm in the school, she'd come up to me and hug me and I always console her. I heard her sniffed and nodded against my shoulder. I sighed and let her squeezed me tightly as she cried silently. It's better then that wailing fits she used to have. I looked up from her shoulder and once again met those emerald green eyes. Once again the skin of my cheeks crawled up with heat and I directed my eyes by my side and looked at Angelia, who just shrugged back at me. "I told her so," She mouthed those words at me and I raised my left brow at her, incredulous. I bent forward and started whispering sweet words in her left ear. After few minutes or so when I could no longer hear her sniffling and sobbing against my shoulder, I was rewarded with a poke against my side. I dodged that cleanly and chuckled lightly but didn't stop whispering. "And we can put his head inside the commode and flush his head off or we rather have him come and begged you to take him back," I whispered in her ear that earned a giggle from her and she raised her face to look at me. "Both," She slightly croaked as she beamed at me. I smiled at her as I fished in my pockets for a spare handkerchief and offered it to her. She took it gladly and wiped off her tears from her blotchy cheeks. "Well, both, it is." I murmured as I wiped off the last tear from her cheek as it had escape from her fingers. "When all is well, when the end's well" said Angelia as she dramatically wiped off the imaginary sweat from her forehead, making both of us laugh. Just then the bell rang and the whole class settles. Our class teacher enters and the first thought that cross my mind was" Angry old women". "Hello, Students. Welcome to the second senior level. I'm Rickha Fereene . Your class teacher and I expect good class with good behavior from all of you till you passed out this class. Is that understood?" She said in her stern voice as she stood before us, gazing around the class, daring anyone to contradict her. We all nodded our heads in agreement and have I told you that there was pin drop silence in the class as if she was a lady Hitler instead of our class teacher? She asked one of the students to distribute the school schedules. Once we got the schedules in our hands, the whole class started comparing them with their friends. "I've got Gym, History, Fine Arts, English and Math's," said Kiara as she scanned her classes. "I've got History, Web Technology, English, Sociology and Political science," Angelia muttered as she wrapped her schedule and put it in her bag. They both look up to me and I looked down at my schedule. Isabella Marie Swan Class schedules 8 a.m-9a.m = English 9a.m-10a.m = Web Technology 10 a.m-11a.m = Political science 11a.m-11: 30 a.m = Break 11:30 a.m -12:00 = Library 12 p.m — 1p.m = History 1p.m — 2 p.m = Sociology As soon as my eyes read the golden words 'Library' My face split into a wide smile. They both hit their head with the palm of their hand as they saw me grinning like a Cheshire cat. "Library." They both said in unison as they sighed heavily and both turned to groan or fused about it with each other. They both knew how obsessed I'm with books a.k.a Novels. "Yup!" I said happily as I leaned back in my chair and stretched as far as I could in my seat. I felt as if I had won some sort of battle or something. I heard a soft chuckle and I turned my head to my side to saw the Green Eyed boy staring at me but with a soft smile on his face. But then I noticed that he was sitting with a blonde girl and she was too smiling up at him. I looked back and saw Mrs. Fereene calling out our names. "Bella? Are you All right? You are all red on the face." Kiara said worriedly when she had turned around to pick up my schedule. "Why? I'm fine. Don't worry" I said dismissively. "She is blushing, Kiara." Angelia exclaimed as she turned and saw my face. I rolled my eyes at them and took out my English book from my bag. "Why would she blush though?" Kiara asked her skeptically as her eyes scrutinized my face. "I don't know. Better ask her." Angelia eyes twinkled as she winked at me. "Because I feel happy that I've got half an hour to go to my favorite place." I said as Kiara turned and gave me a questioning look. "Lie. Tell me about it later," Angelia mouthed at me as we heard her name called out by Mrs. Fereene. "OH!" Kiara said and she turned to slump in her seat with a thoughtful expression on her face. I blew a lungful of air very slowly from my mouth and open up my book to read it. The enemy said the first chapter and I frowned at it. The whole hour passed by reading our first new chapter and soon the bell rang for the next period.