Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter Muggle!AU. The slightly cliché 'realizing you're in love with your best friend' trope. Featuring: MutuallyOblivious! Theo x Hermione. Onesided! Blaise x Hermione. Background! Draco x Harry. Also, Pansy Parkinson, Daphne Greengrass, Percy Weasley, Luna Lovegood. Warning: Not!HEA. Well, not for everyone. Happy Birthday to colubrina & jasperandgemma! Two and a Half Years Ago Hermione Granger always knew she was smart. And pretty. Well, not the classic, girl-next-door kind of pretty like Lavender Brown nor the sporty, energetic, and vibrant type like Ginny Weasley, but she was pretty, in her own cold and sharp and ice-queen-styled way. Added that with her over an analytic mind, a razor-sharp tongue and a tendency to be too honest that didn't suit the politics of middle school girls, it made the other girls wary of her. Not that she minded. If being herself could filter through a lot of unnecessary people in her life, then why not? Once in a while some boy would come forward and confess their crush on her or something but she would turn them all down. In truth, she thought of the idea romance bizarre and a bit scary even – to have another person in your life in a romantic way, the concept alone freaked her out a bit. Would she still be able to be herself? Wouldn't she be … constrained in any way? Why was everyone so eager to fall in love at middle school, anyway? But most importantly, if you got together with a somewhat friend of yours, how would everything still be the same after breaking up? And yes, she did believe that all romances eventually led to breakup someday. This was real life, not some fairy tale. She'd read a lot of books, she knew all of it. In short, she didn't need or want friends or lovers and was perfectly fine with it. And then one day, Theo Nott waltzed into her life. "This looks fascinating," he said as he sat down on the seat beside her uninvited, casually flipping through the novel on her desk. "Fascinating enough for you to be reading it the whole math class, anyway." They hadn't really spoken to each other before, and Hermione was instantly alert and suspicious about his intentions. She narrowed her eyes at Nott and snatched the book back, snapping, "Are you going to tell on me?" She was intent on being a perfect student in the teacher's eyes, even if she'd already self-studied that chapter in the math book and understood all the concepts and found it a bit boring to listen to it again. He rolled his eyes, "Honestly, relax , Granger. I'm not going to tell on you – just curious about the book." At her still suspicious glance, he added, "There are things worse than this, you know." "If you didn't come to threaten me—" she began, and he rolled his eyes at the dramatic wording of hers, "— what do you want?" "Just being friendly," he smirked. "You don't have a lot of friends, don't you, Granger?" "I don't need them," she folded her arms across her chest. "You don't need the books either, but they make life more fun," he said, with a mischievous grin. "That's totally irrelevant." He ignored that and held out a hand to her, "Want to be friends? I've got a lot of books in my home library that are like the one you're reading. I think you'll be interested." It turned out, books were way too irresistible to her. After some questionings on the family library he said and his generous invitation to visit his house, and also some very serious warnings from Hermione – 'you have to promise you won't fall in love with me' – because all the previous reasons already mentioned about her distrust for romance, which Theo responded with an eye-roll and dry retort, "You really are confident, aren't you? Don't worry, I won't. I promise ." He was a bit odd – because normally people didn't want to befriend her – but it was also a nice kind of odd, the way he just walked right into her life with ease and asked to stay there. And she might find it a bit strange at first she couldn't deny that it was also refreshingly interesting. Maybe it wasn't that bad to have a friend, after all. One and a Half Years Ago They stood at the entrance of Hogwarts High School. Today marked the start of their new life, at this elite school of every middle school student's dream. "Ready?" He turned to her, with a smile playing on his lips. "Always am," Hermione said easily. "I've already looked through most of the first-semester books." Theo laughed, "I don't mean academically , Hermione. We both know you're probably going to be top of the class." "Just probably ?" She teased, her eyes widening in mock horror. He rolled his eyes, "I just love your humbleness, Granger." She smirked back at him, "I know." After a pause, she asked, trying to sound casual, "Well, I don't see what I have to worry about outside the academics either. We'll still going to be friends, right? You not going to abandon me to find some new friends, are you?" A year ago Hermione would've said she didn't need any friends in her life, but it was hard not to enjoy friendship when being friends with one Theo Nott. "We all can have more than one friends, you know," he raised an eyebrow at her teasingly. "Of course I know," she rolled her eyes impatiently, though what she was thinking was that she didn't need any other friends when she'd already got him. "But we're best friends, right?" He smiled, warm and promising, "Best friends forever," as he held out a hand towards her. "Forever and always, yes?" "Definitely," she grinned as she took his hand, and they walked into the school. Despite her previous thoughts of not needing any other friends than him, Hermione did make a few new friends at Hogwarts High. Of course, none of them feel as special as Theo. First there was – "Can you believe how annoying Malfoy was today at practice, Mione?" Harry Potter ranted as he plopped down next to her after getting back from football team training every day. Hermione didn't really know much about Draco Malfoy except that he was from next class, and also on the school football team with Harry. From what little she could gather, Harry hated him. He hated him so much that he'd spent roughly an hour after practice each day recounting his list of 'why Draco Malfoy was a prat'. And then there was – "What does this chemical equation mean, Hermione?" Pansy Parkinson turned around to face her grabbing her textbook up from her slightly messy desk with nail polish, lipsticks, pencils, and notebooks scribbled with calculation. The girls had gotten off a rough start. Hermione could see from the start that Pansy was smart and academically competitive but she hadn't understood why Pansy would put so much effort into her appearances. So, she'd asked. "Not everyone looks a natural beauty like yourself," Pansy had replied coolly. "Ironically, it's usually the girls who look pretty enough without makeup that claimed that all this was superficial." "Are you trying to impress a boy?" Hermione had asked, confused. "I want to look good for myself, not for of anyone else," Pansy had snapped before turning away haughtily. It could've only gone uphill since that disastrous start. And they gradually got used to each other despite their somewhat differing views on many things, but they both sort of respected each other as someone who they could have a reasonable argument with. And finally, there was – "You look murderous," Blaise Zabini said loftily, and Hermione jerked her head up at him, turning her attention away from where Theo was just talking to Daphne Greengrass. Blaise put a finger between her eyebrows and rubbed it gently, "Frown a little more and there'll be a permanent wrinkle here." She batted his hand away with a deeper frown, "I don't look murderous." She glared at the backs of Daphne and Theo as they continued talking about some video game. He smirked, "Really? If looks could kill … but honestly, are you jealous?" She spluttered at him and his ridiculous idea, "What? Of course not. Theo and I are just friends. I'm not jealous . I just think he should focus more on schoolwork than, you know, video games ." "Theo's grades are good enough," Blaise countered smoothly. "Not all of us felt the need to stay 3 months ahead of school schedule like you and Pansy. Live a little, Granger." Her gaze flew over to Theo and Daphne again and wondered if it was because there was a part of Theo's life she felt she wasn't included in that bugged her. They were best friends, after all. Best friends shouldn't be excluded in each other's interests, right? "Blaise? Can you teach me that video game they're talking about?" His dark eyes widened slightly, his expression turned slightly bitter for the tiniest moment that she didn't notice, and then he smirked broadly, "Of course. I love corrupting straight-A students." "I'm still going to get straight A's even if I start playing video games," she huffed, and he laughed. "Life is fair, after all," Theo grinned in delight as he through an arm around a scowling Hermione and pulled her up into a whirl of dance in his living room, "if you're good at video games too, it's going to be unfair for the rest of us mere mortals." "I'm new to this game okay?" She glared at him, "Give me a few more months …" "Always so competitive," Theo laughed. "One of my charming qualities," Hermione smirked at him as he put her down onto the sofa again. Blaise looked on quietly, his expression unfathomable. "So Hermione and you … met in middle school?" "Yeah," Theo answered, remembering the memory with a grin. "Already addicted to books then, she was." "Are you two … an item?" Theo's eyebrows shot up in surprise. Blaise didn't usually do direct questions. He liked subtle probing, sarcastic remarks, lacing insults with compliments sort of things. He wondered why Blaise was breaking his long time habit like this … Truth was, Theo was attracted to Hermione from the start. But she'd made him promised that they were platonic, and he was pretty sure she didn't want anything romance in her life, so he never pushed it. He was content enough to just be the best friend. "Course not," Theo replied, with a laugh. "We're just really good friends, that's all. Why ask? Are you falling in love with me or something?" Blaise narrowed his eyes slightly before returning a laugh, "You are really pretty, Theo, but unfortunately, not my type." "Awww," Theo pretended to be wounded, "that hurts ." Neither of them brought up the subject again. One Year Ago "Why would you want to push them to get together?" Pansy asked absentmindedly, flipping through the math notes from the ginger college student her mother had found for her for advanced tutoring. Her tutor dressed nicely and formally and spoke in a cultured way that made Pansy suspected he came from some posh and wealthy family, but she couldn't fathom why he'd need to do tutoring to pick up extra pocket money if that were the case. "They're clearly in love with each other," Blaise said, gazing out of the window. "Yeah, and they'll realize it eventually without anyone's help," she jotted down a few key points from Percy Weasley's notes. "It's only a matter of time." "If I had to wait until then, I couldn't promise I wouldn't do something first," Blaise admitted, his voice low. "They're clearly meant for each other and … I don't want to sabotage that.