a/n: Brand new one-shot! The muse hit me hard with this one and I'd love to hear your thoughts! Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter The Dreaming Have you ever had a dream that felt so real that you couldn't let it go? Hermione Granger had. She'd had the most realistic dream that she'd ever had. It had spanned an immense amount of time. She was married. She had children. She had a job. She had graduated . She was in love. She was happy. And... And she was married to Draco fucking Malfoy. She couldn't let it go. It had been so real. She'd gone through the last eight hours trapped in a wonderful dream about how they'd gotten together, how they'd loved each other, how they'd started a family. There was no coming back from it. She couldn't drop it. Just like she couldn't drop her eyes when they'd met his across the Great Hall. She couldn't help it. She'd been groggy when she'd woken up. And she'd been utterly confused, her sleepy brain urging her hands to reach across the bed for someone who had never occupied it. She had wanted him to be there. Fuck, she'd wanted it to be real. She had never felt so cherished in her life. And that was only a dream! She almost snorted. She had been so happy with Draco Malfoy in her dream world. Thank Merlin she'd made it out of their joint common room before him. She didn't know what she would do when she had to talk to him next. Or even just see him in close quarters. She wanted to kiss him. Which was absurd. Sure, they were somewhat friends, but that was because they had to work together this year as Head Boy and Girl, thought. And sure, he'd maybe been a bit more than friendly with her, lately, but she'd chalked it up to the fact that their jobs were made much smoother when they had to cooperate with one another and had fun doing it. So lost in her thoughts, she didn't realize that she had maintained eye contact with him for most of breakfast. As she came back to herself and realized, she flushed. She hadn't meant to draw attention to herself like that. She hadn't meant to make moon eyes at him over breakfast. She bit her lip and forced her eyes away. Harry and Ron noticed nothing, however, as they shoveled food into their mouths, eager as they were to get to the quidditch pitch. She thanked Merlin for small favors. While they definitely drove her crazy for the inattention to anything that didn't involve quidditch, today she was grateful for it. At the end of breakfast, they went there separate ways and Hermione did her best to conquer her obsessive thoughts about Draco- She caught herself. Since when did she call him Draco? They'd always been Granger and Malfoy. It was what they did. It would be weird... But then... She wanted to call him Draco because it's what she'd called him in the dream. And he'd called her Hermione amidst a string of love names. She cleared her throat as if it would clear her thoughts and headed towards the library. It was her sanctuary. Surely she would be able to concentrate in there, right? She thought she could do it. She pulled down a book on Transfiguration and sat down, determined to find some information for the essay she just knew would be assigned next week. But in the span of ten minutes, she'd read the same sentence over and over without even registering it. Her mind was still so lost in the dream. God, how could you go from being friends with someone to being obsessed with them overnight? She winced at the thought and conceded that she may have found herself thinking of him more and more lately. But she hadn't been obsessed for God's sake! Interested? Definitely. Noticing him more? Definitely. Enjoying his company? Definitely. But completely and utterly unable to think of anything or anyone except him? Definitely not. She bit her lip and finally closed the book. She was not going to be able to get anything done. Not today. So with a long, suffering sigh, she stood up and headed towards their joint common room. She didn't think she'd run into him. It was Saturday. He usually found things to do with his fellow Slytherin's on Saturdays. So she felt relatively safe with her plan to hide in her room the rest of the day. Except that Malfoy threw a complete wrench in her plans by being in the common room as soon as she walked in. What the fuck! she thought. He had never spent a Saturday in there. Never. And it was nearly June! Why, oh why , she wondered, would he break that streak now? Now when she wasn't sure she'd be able to sit in the same space as him and not jump him? "Fuck's sake," she muttered as she walked in. She tried her best to ignore him. She shot him a smile and a quick wave before heading up to her room. She was so close. So close. Ten more steps and she'd be safe- "Granger?" Her feet stopped and her knees started to shake. "Yes?" "I thought maybe we could go to Hogsmeade today to get the decoration for the graduation ceremony. I talked to McGonagall and she said it was fine." Ugh, no wonder he wasn't hanging out with the Slytherin's. Head duties. If nothing else, he was extremely responsible and things always got done when they were working together. She just never thought that would be a bad thing. It wasn't fair! Any other bloody day would have been fine. But it just had to be today after she'd had that dream. "Sure," answered after a long moment. "Just let me change." Did I really just do that? Agree to spend the whole day with him when I can't even control my thoughts around him? Yeah. Yeah, she did. With a groan, she threw her bag on her chair and proceeded to talk out a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. It was going to be a long day. And she had been so terribly right. The trip had been both wonderful and torture. On one hand, it was nice to spend time with Draco without anyone else there to influence their actions. On the other hand, she'd had a hard time keeping her own hands off of him. And what was worse was the fact that she was starting to not care. It didn't help that he kept staring at her as if he was waiting for something. She didn't know what he was waiting for. Surely it wasn't for her to make a move. Because that wasn't going to happen. Not any time soon, anyway. She just didn't have the confidence for that yet. Gryffindor, my ass, she thought, pulling her t-shirt off. Where's all that bravery you are so known for? Not here, was the answer she came up with. Definitely not where it concerned Draco. Despite the fact that she was losing her give-a-fuck where he was concerned, she was still a girl. She'd never made the first move before. Ever. She'd never even initiated the past kisses she'd had. They had always come on to her. They had always set the pace. They had always set the tone. Not her. She scowled and shoved herself into some pajamas before heading down to the common room to get some homework done before she went to bed for the night. She'd thought that Draco would have retired to his room by now. He didn't usually stick around the common room at night. But she thought wrong because as soon as she came down the staircase, there he was. She could have cried. She just wanted some time to process. Time to process what was happening to her all of a sudden. But she couldn't do that when he was so close to her. God, she'd managed to keep herself in check all afternoon. But now? She was sure her mouth would get her into trouble. She might not be ready to make a move, but her mouth... Her mouth had gotten her into trouble before. She wasn't ready for a repeat performance. She was afraid she'd say something about how lovely he'd been this afternoon, carrying all of the decorations the muggle way. She was afraid she'd point out that he had been nothing but a friend to her this entire year. She was afraid she'd tell him something she wasn't ready to reveal yet. She contemplated turning around and heading back to her room, but he'd already turned around and seen her. Fuck. So it was with a dry mouth and a heavy heart that she continued her trek into the common room and sat down in the chair that sat kitty corner to the couch. He was already seated on the couch and she knew she wouldn't last if she was sitting next to him. It was bad enough that she could smell him from where she was sitting. God, he smelled divine. She wanted to run her fingers through his hair and press her nose into his neck. She was sure it would be absolutely- "Hermione?" Had he just used her first name? She blinked up at him, but didn't say anything. She couldn't get passed the fact that he'd called her by her given name. I mean, occasionally he did, but not usually. She couldn't even remember the last time he'd called her Hermione. It was always Granger. And always that damnable smirk- "Anybody in there?" He waved his hand in front of her face and she started. "Yes, yes," she answered. "Just lost in thought." "Looked like you were concentrating pretty hard. Anything good?" He would ask that when she had been thinking about him and smelling him like she was a fucking cat or something. She flushed, feeling like he had known precisely what she'd been thinking of. And what, exactly, was she going to say to him after that? She wanted to tell him that she was thinking of him. She wanted to tell him that she was developing an attachment, that she was thinking about how much she wanted him. She wanted to tell him anything smart. Anything that wouldn't make it obvious that she was lying. Anything. "Quidditch?" was what had come out instead. If the floor could have opened up and swallowed her, Hermione would have been so happy. As it was, it stayed covered with rugs and completely solid. Quidditch! Of all the fucking things... She hated quidditch! And he knew it! He smirked and she almost forgot that she was mortified. "Okay, then. Most have been some game to have you that buried in your thoughts, Granger." She mumbled something that sounded oddly like, "fuck," as he walked past her towards his room, but he didn't comment on it. That floor could open up any time now , she thought miserably. Draco had been patient. And he'd known that his plan had worked when he'd seen her the following day after he'd put it in play. She was flustered and flushed. Hermione Granger was never flustered and almost never flushed without reason. It had given him hope. But he'd seen the way she'd tried to avoid him. And that was what made him completely positive that it had worked. She never avoided him. Not even when things were uncomfortable between them in the beginning of the year. Never. So he had smiled as he watched her try to disappear into her room before he opened his mouth. While they really did need to go pick out the decorations, it wasn't urgent. They could have gone another day. But he didn't want to wait that long to get