"Currahee" by The Merry Prankster Note to reader: Back in high school I was into reading every Dragonlance and Forgotten Realms novels I could get my hands on. In fact, I continue to go back and reread the first Dragonlance trilogy once every two years or so. It was during my high school days that I got to wondering what would happen if soldiers from our world were to find themselves in a fantasy world like Krynn or Middle Earth. Images of Skyraiders dropping napalm and cluster bombs on Draconians or taking out a Dragon with a surface to air missile came to mind. So I decided to try to create a view into such a situation. It was not long after that Stephen King wrote "The Stand", a novel of good and evil where the world's population is decimated in a short time by a virulent plague known as "Captain Tripps" or "Superflu" and the survivors must band together in a final battle against the devilish Mr. Flagg. Currahee tells the story of a group of high school students who survive the plague, try to meet other survivors, only to find themselves in Middle Earth. This is not a Mary Sue. There will be none of the endless teenage girls throwing themselves at the feet of elves that seem to proliferate. Instead, it is a look at what might happen if some teenagers with some military training, courtesy of JROTC (Junior Officer Training Corps) were to find themselves caught in the major battles of Middle Earth. Of course, those same kids will have gotten hold of some major firepower that becomes available as the Plague wipes out the soldiers at the local army base. So, sit back and enjoy the ride. The word 'Currahee' comes from the Cherokee Indians language and means "Stands Alone." The word was also the motto of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment during World War II and refers to the fact that the paratroopers were often on their own after being dropped behind enemy lines in Normandy, Holland, not to mention being surrounded by the Germans at Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge. Dedications: I would like to thank my fellow author and co-conspirator Erica Marr who was my alter-ego in the writing of this fanfic. I would also like to thank Steve Pantovich who inspired me to take up writing this type of fiction. One final note: The characters and places from Middle Earth come directly from the Lord of the Rings trilogy by JRR Tolkien. The idea of a massive plague striking Earth is based on that in Stephen King's "The Stand." The other characters are the creation of myself and Erica Marr. Cast of Characters: Mike: Fifteen year old high school student and JROTC cadet. He is also the leader of the Wolfpack paintball team and military tactician. Erica: High school student whose grandfather works on classified projects with the Department of Defense. She is a good rider and crack shot. Earl: Mike's best friend and JROTC cadet. He is a crack shot with the long rifle and an expert with explosives and chemicals. David: The third survivor of Shiloh High School's JROTC unit and computer nerd. Dena: The final member of the Wolfpack. Prologue: Helms Deep Land of Rohan 1230 hours March 4, 3019 (Middle Earth) A lone figure sat down on a rock overlooking the field outside the great fortress of Helms Deep. The previous night's battle had been long and for a while it looked like Saruman's army would extinguish the light of Rohan once and for all. Now with the battle ending, the figure could relax and rest. A second figure, also dressed in US Army battledress walked up and knelt beside the first and looked over the battlefield. The soldier, not more than a boy himself commented at the mounds of dead orcs, "It's a hell of a sight." Without opening his eyes, the first responded, "We had our first casualty last night." David Sims, a fifteen year old Georgia Sophomore, asked "Anybody I know?" Michael Wolf, another fifteen year old student and JROTC cadet answered, "Yeah, Bjorn son of Hengst. You remember him. He was the man King Theoden let us have for a runner". Thinking about what he had just said, the teen gave off a soft laugh, "Man, the kid wasn't even old enough to buy a beer. Who am I kidding I'M not even old enough to buy a beer legally back home. At least for another six years." David thought back to the night before, "One man versus the number of the enemy we took out. Not a bad trade. Besides, the king had ordered everybody able to carry a weapon to be armed and sent into battle." Michael remembered his dry throat and asked his childhood friend, "You got a drink… of water?" His companion reached for his canteen, took a sniff and handed to him. "You know, joining in on that drinking binge with Erica back home was not a smart idea in your case." David shrugged, "After all that we've been through since the Superflu took out our families and left Earth one big graveyard, a few drinks aren't going to matter in the long run." "Maybe so, maybe so, well with the battle over, how do we look as far as ammo is concerned?" David pulled a notepad out of his tunic pocket, "I did a quick check after the remnants of Saruman's army had been chased out of here. We have no grenades, claymores, or LAWs. They were all expended last night. In addition each person in our group is down to one or two magazines for their primary weapons and one clip for their pistols. Not to mention the fact that I am down to about fifty rounds for the Sixty. But other than an acute ammo shortage, we're doing pretty well. Hell, thanks to good ole' American know how, we gave those freaks a serious ass kicking." Michael handed David back his canteen and snorted, "American know how. We nearly did our impression of Custer's Last Stand back there. Basically, we were down to our last ammo. Once that was gone, all that would be left was to fix bayonets and you know how effective those would have been against those Orks. We were damned lucky that Gandalf was able to find Eomer and the remaining Riders of Rohan. If they hadn't shown up when they did, it would have been Medal of Honor time." David replaced his canteen and stood up, "Oh that reminds me. King Theoden told me to tell you that he wanted to see you like right now. " "Did Erica piss him off again?" Mike jeered back to lighten the mood. "Nah, I got the feeling that it had something to do with last night's combat. But I'd hurry. I heard her saying something about having a talk with him after the fight." "Shit." Michael had been using his helmet as a seat and upon getting up, he put on the K-Pot and grabbed his Colt M-4 Assault Rifle. The teenager took one last look at the fields in front of the fortress and thought, Just a short while ago the most important thing in my life was getting ready for the upcoming school year. Now, I've taken charge of what could be the only survivors of the Superflu and led them into a land straight out of Dungeons and Dragons. How did it come to this? +++ Chapter One: We Stand Alone, Together Shiloh High School Snellville, Georgia 1500 hours May 24, 2000 *Briiiing* The halls of the school quickly filled with kids as the bell marked the end to yet another year of academic achievement. Three teenagers were discussing their summer plans. Dena, a strawberry blonde fifteen year old, asked, "So are we going to keep in touch over the summer?" Mike, the fifteen year old JROTC and natural leader of the group, answered, "Do you really have to ask that question. I've already been in contact with the people doing the Dungeons and Dragons at the Renaissance Festival property near I-75. They want me to continue acting as the evil warlord." Erica, whose family owned a nearby ranch, quipped, "Are you sure they want us back there? After all we were running rings around the idiots playing the heroes." Mike held up his hands in defense, "Hey, it isn't my fault that they didn't have anybody on their side with a mind for strategy and military tactics." David, a sophomore computer wizard and fellow JROTC cadet had arrived just in time to hear Mike's response. The teenager snorted, "Military tactics, those role players never thought to have sentries in the woods. Heck, you had a regular Ho Chi Minh Trail going on behind the village." "It's amazing how they never caught on to the fact that all of the reinforcements attacking the village were using the woods to bypass their defenses," commented Erica. Mike nodded, "Yeah that trail was getting so much use, I was tempted to put up traffic signals. After all, the guy running the game told me to act like Otto Skorzeny. Not to change the subject, but has anybody seen Earl?" Seconds after asking that question, the target of Mike's inquiry casually walked up. Dena noticed that the lanky teen was not in a really good mood so she asked, "So what's the face for?" Mike added, ""Hey, Snoopy, what's with the face?" Earl turns to Mike and responded, "Mr. Denson refused to give me back my lab deposit" The two teenage girls began giggling at this revelation. Finally catching her breath, Erica observed, "Did you really think you would have gotten it back after all those stunts you pulled this year??" Mike, thought back a second and asked, "Uh, Earl, it could have something to do with having the sinks shoot fire after flushing down that little cocktail you mixed up before Spring Break?" "Or maybe the time you mixed a highly enriched magnesium mixture and nearly took out the desks?" added David. Erica reached into her purse and snickered, "If I had done it I would have put it on a time-delay so I could set up an alibi. But oh no you had to watch. You couldn't set a camera to tape it for you." Earl looking sheepishly, "Well we were in class and the teacher encouraged us to explore science." "He said explore not explode," quipped Dena "Hey I wanted to see what happened?" Mike smiled as he thought back to their chemistry class, "You do remember that the teacher taped off the area around your desk and placed warning signs at each end?" Dena added. "Don't forget how he refused to allow you a science partner after that too." Earl held up his hands in protest, "Hey, my last partner did grow back his eyebrows." "Yeah but the principal almost kicked you out for your troubles," responded Dena. Deciding that a change in topics was in order, David turned to Mike and asked, "Were you and Earl AGAIN shooting rockets last night?" Mike turns to Earl then answers in a soft voice, "Why, do you want to know?" "You missed the field house by 20 yards south, fifteen yards east." Earl and Mike both pulled out notebooks that were filled with calculations and figures. The two teens began comparing their notes. Earl pointed to one set of figures and pulled out his calculator to refigure some of the formulas. Finally, they came to an agreement. Erica turned to Dena and the two girls shared a knowing smile as Erica commented, "You two really should let gramps teach you how to target." Mike shook his head as he figured out what the missing piece to puzzle, "Dang, we forgot to take into account that 20mph head wind blowing from the East" "Amateurs," snorted Erica Mike chuckled and decided