"Honor and Courage" by The Merry Prankster Author's Note: The title for the first part of this ongoing story, "Currahee, had been chosen for the fact that it translated into "We Stand Alone, and was a good analogy to five American teenagers who joined 300 Rohirrim in their defiance of Saruman's ten thousand Uruk-hai. It is also the motto for the United States Army's 506th Parachute Regiment who also stood alone against a overwhelming enemy by themselves. With the teenagers becoming more integrated with the Rohirrim as they get ready for the events outlined in "Return of the King" it became necessary to choose a title that reflected the importance of the horse in both Rohan and American history. Thus, "Honor and Courage", the motto for the 8th Cavalry Regiment was chosen as the title. Both the Rohirrim banner and 8th Cavalry Regiment use a white horse in their heraldry. Formed in 1866, the 8th Cavalry Regiment has had a distinguished history, having seen action during the Indian Wars and Spanish American War. The regiment was the first unit to enter newly liberated Manila during World War II and won battle honors in Korea, Vietnam, and Desert Storm. During its long service, 101 troopers of this regiment were awarded the nation's highest military award, The Congressional Medal of Honor. The symbol of the 8th Cavalry is a white Mustang, proud and unconquered. Dedications: I would like to thank my fellow author and co-conspirator Erica Marr who was my alter-ego in the writing of this fanfic. I would also like to thank Steve Pantovich who inspired me to take up writing this type of fiction. And, I would like to thank the readers who took the time to post twenty-one reviews to Currahee and have waited patiently for the sequel. One final note: The characters and places from Middle Earth come directly from the Lord of the Rings trilogy by JRR Tolkien. The idea of a massive plague striking Earth is based on that in Stephen King's "The Stand." The other characters are the creations of myself and Erica Marr. Also, there is a time difference between Middle Earth and Earth so while it is March in Middle Earth, its August on Earth. Such changes will be pointed out. Cast of Characters: Mike: Fifteen year old high school student and JROTC cadet. He is also the leader of the Wolfpack paintball team and military tactician. Erica: High school student whose grandfather works on classified projects with the Department of Defense. She is a good rider and crack shot. Earl: Mike's best friend and JROTC cadet. He is a crack shot with the long rifle and an expert with explosives and chemicals. David: The third survivor of Shiloh High School's JROTC unit and computer nerd. Dena: The final member of the Wolfpack. Chapter 1: Boots and Saddles Helms Deep Land of Rohan 0639 hours March 6, 3019 (Middle Earth) The two American teenage girls reached the their bed chambers quickly giggling all the way. "Boy I never thought a elf could blush." Dena giggled as closed the door behind them. "No kidding." Erica laughed as she looked out the window to see the object of their discussion walking towards Gimli who was sitting on a dead Orc. "So girl are you better?" Dena asks in a more serious tone. "Hmmm." Erica responses as she watches a conversation happened between the elf and the dwarf than she notices him shot an arrow between the dwarfs leg into the apparently dead Orc. Then she thinks to herself. "I am going to have to listen to the M.A.P.'s Recon Saucer recording to find out what they said." Noticing her friend wasn't answering her question Dena walked over to the window and looked at what had to captivate her friend's attention and spotted Gimli yelling at the elf. "Earth to Erica!!!" Dena yelled to her friend. "Huh? What?" Erica replied as she pulled back at the elf looking up towards her direction with a unnerving smiling. "I asked if your feel any better?" Dena asked, smiling at her friend's nervousness. "I am fine. Why do you ask?" Erica replies. "HELLO! This is your best friend!" Dena says as she knocks on Erica's head. "I know you well enough to know that after a battle like last night you freak out after the battle is over and you can." "Hey!" Erica remarked as she tried blocking her friend's hand. "Well any better?" "Yeah. I am better." Erica answered as she glances back to the window. "You LIKE him!" Dena jeered her friend. "Who?" Erica tried to deny. "Legolas. That's who." Dena countered as she started to undress for rest. "He's nice." Erica answered as she started doing the same when she noticed that several bright blonde long hairs, much longer than her own, caught in between her fingers. "What do you have there?" Dena asked as she noticed her friend staring down at something. "Nothing." Erica replied as she placed her hand with the hairs in them. "Don't give me that nothing crap! What's you hiding?" Dena said as she tried to see what the girl had behind her back. "Fine! I'll tell you if you don't make any smart ass comments. And NO Laughing! Or I'll never trust you again." Erica required of her friend. "Ok, I promise." Dena promised which got her friend to slowly show what was being hind her back. "That isn't yours.. Is it?" "I think so. He held me and I cried out my "freak out" as you put it. I guess I must have gotten some entangled in my hand when I hung on to him." Erica explained. "Can I touch it?" Dena asked "Why?" Erica asked. "Because his hair looks so soft. I just got to know." Dena explains which causes her friend to start to feel the hairs. "It is soft." Erica remarks "Hey. Let me see for myself." Dena demands. Carefully Erica hands her the line bright blonde strands. Dena carefully touches them and says. "Man they are soft. It's better feeling then silk." Than hands them back to her friend. Erica nods her head in agreement. "So what you going to do with them?" Dena asks "What?" "Come on you and I both know you have the major hots for him but he'll never return the feeling but you will want to keep him close. So why don't you ….." Dena explains as she starts to think about what her friend could do with them. "I don't know." Erica shrugs "I know." Dena explains as she points towards Erica's family locket. Seeing that Dena was pointing at the silver heart shape locket around her neck that held the last picture her family took before her father left. Getting on the same line of thinking as her friend Erica gently open the locket and locket at her families picture of her family (Her grandfather (Gandalf) His son (her father), her mother and herself.) and very carefully placed the strands in the empty side of the locket. With a smile on her face she closes the locket and heads for bed. +++ Five hours later, The morning sun burned away the mist that had been hovering over the valley floor. From within the teen's sleeping chambers, sounds of crashing , moaning, and cursing could be heard. "Our fearless leader is up." David remarked Hearing the commotion, Legolas rushed over to Erica and Dena who had just appeared. "What is that racket?" asked the elf "Oh just Mike getting up," answered Dena. "Five says he demands for coffee and his eye aren't even open." Looking up from her breakfast Erica bets her friend. Dena thought about for a minute than said. "You're on." Legolas just shakes his head. "What is it with this coffee stuff?" The creaking sound of the opening door caught the elf's attention. He watched as the door to the darkened room cracked open, and out shot a mass of reddish brown fur. The dog immediately loped over to Erica and began pawing at her. Earl looked up and toasted the elf with canteen cup, full of steaming fresh coffee. "Liquid energy," remarked the teen. "Here you go." Erica said as she opened a door to let the dog out. With a quick glance back, the dog raced out into the courtyard. The bedroom door opened yet again, and out stumbled, Mike. Still groggy from his rest, He stumbled past the others mumbling, "Morning, Where's the coffee?" only to run smack into Eomer, who was turning the corner. Theoden's nephew looked down at the boy and turned to the others, "Let me guess, Mike is not a morning person?" "That is putting it lightly." Earl remarked through a mouthful of food. Eomer smiled even more as he watched the boy named, David hand Mike a cup of some steaming brown liquid. Without a word the boy took the cup and began drinking. A few minutes later, his eye popped open. With a grin the boy said, "Morning everyone. You guys ready to start the day?" Erica held out her hand to her friend, "Where's my five bucks?" Legolas shook his head over the change. Turning to Erica he observed, "Wasn't Mike half-dead a few minutes ago?" "Yup that what coffee does for humans but elves it would make dead. So honey stay away from the stuff." Erica told him as she collected her five from Dena Finishing his coffee, Mike looked over to the Elf and Rohirrim, "Okay, I cannot function in the morning before downing my first cup of coffee." "I noticed," both remarked Mike straightened himself and pulled out a notebook from his BDUs. Calling for the teens to gather round, he began, "Okay people lets get on the same page with what needs to be done." "Help our allies bury the bodies of fallen allies. I don't want the M.A.P. to run over any allies body." Erica answered as she took a sip of another hot liquid Eomer looked up and answered, "My people have already begun clearing the field. You won't have that problem." Mike looked at his pad, "Okay, Erica and David, we need to get the MAP ready to move. Empty all the trailers, we are going to need the space." "Hey Mike, don't forget our new mother and children, who need to get to Lothlorien," added Dena. When Mike realized who Deana was talking about, he slapped his own head because he forgot. "Thanks for the reminder, Dena make one of the trailers into a makeshift litter for the mother," responded Mike. Turning back to Eomer, he asked, "I don't suppose you could spare some horses for David and myself?" Earl gave Eomer a questioning look, "Did Mike just ask to borrow a horse? For riding?" "Yes he did. But I have the horse for him." Gandalf said as he appeared behind Earl, who jumped out of his pants at the wizard voice. "Damn! You have got to be related to Erica's Grandfather. Because you are just as good as he was about sneaking up on people," Earl remarked "Mike what about that freaky new forest?" Dena asked while pointing towards the mouth of the valley. Mike turned back and asked, "What are you talking about?" "Duh, Mike the living forest that showed up and killing all the retreating Uruk-hai. And you used to laugh at Reggie for being a tree hugger." Erica told him. "I am sure we don't want to go in there." Mike looked at the two girls like they lost their minds, "Did you two get into the uncut stuff last night?" "Yeah, Erica were you and Dena, uh getting into Gandalf's private stash?" added Earl. "The girls are correct but there is no need for concern they are old friends and will not harm you." Gandalf said with a harsh look at Earl. "Okay, the trees are old friends, now how, a member of