Disclaimer: If I owned LOTR, I would be a genius. But I am not a genius, therefore I do not own LOTR :D The song in the text is a translated and edited for my purposes version of « Иди через лес » by Сплин , and I don't own it either. Warnings: Canon characte r death, a rather lame attempt of suicide Note: Aw well, this if my first piece of fanfiction published on this exact account, so please don't be too strict :D Plus, I'm not a native speaker, so please forgive and/or point out my mistakes. Constructive criticism is waaay better that flaming! :) Almost everything, that seems weird to you, is AU, hell yes xD This also includes the Helm's Deep Battle as the final battle in the War of the Ring. Last thing I have to say before the story starts: Elves surely don't die that easily, do they? -:- -:- -:- We were told that we're alone in this world; And we look up into the skies, but the sky doesn 't hear us, The sky doesn 't heed us As the last foul creatures' pained cries died down in the dangerous forest, the defenders of the Keep finally breathed the cold morning air with relief and mirth: the decisive battle was won, the end of the War was just a matter of time now. The Riders turned their gazes to the Keep and frowned, for it was a sad sight of destruction and pain brought by Uruk-Hai. Even if the Shadow will soon disappear and the King has returned, there were still a lot of ravages to rebuild and a lot of tears to dry. -:- -:- -:- Legolas dismounted gracefully from his steed as he reached the wall and used his right arm to support himself when the world swayed in front of his eyes. He had a nasty cut which was starting on his left shoulder, where the wound was the deepest, and nearly reaching the middle of the forearm. The elf received it a few hours ago and all he could do in the middle of the battle was to tear a strip of cloth from his cloak and wrap it around the arm, stopping the bleeding. I would still have to find someone to see to it , Legolas thought. But not now. Maybe later. Maybe tomorrow. Legolas smiled to himself as he recognized his own stubbornness. Maybe it will not even need a healer in several days, and several days can I wait. Anyway, he definitely wasn't going to waste time on some unimportant cut. At least, not when he had something much more urgent to do. The elf entered the fortress through the giant breach in the wall and frowned as the memories of the night flashed through him. If only he could stop that creature with a torch! How many innocent lives could have not been lost in vain! Legolas sighed as he mourned the dead silently. He climbed up the breach (much less easily as he would if he had both arms), neglecting the simple way of just walking up the stairs, and looked around, taking in the view of the land lying in front of his eyes. The soil was soaked red and black with blood, bodies of both defenders and attackers were lying in awkward – dead – poses, and some survivors have already started dragging and carrying the fallen in piles, preparing them to be burnt. There was no time and power to bury each fallen man like it would be done if there were not so many dead and so much yet to do, concerning the Enemy. So both men and foul children of the Shadow were being put in separate piles, which will be set on fire next evening. Legolas noticed from his position on the wall that his fallen congeners were carried to one of the buildings that remained whole in the fortress instead of being put in yet another pile: obviously, men felt uneasy about unfamiliar fair creatures, and were unsure of what to do with the Elven bodies. 'Tis a good thing, Legolas nodded to himself. They are to be carried back to their homes, to Imladris and Lothlorien, to be buried in the land they belong to. The blond remembered the main reason why he had come back to the fortress and looked around, keen eyes searching for a flash of bright red – the colour of the cloak the Marchwarden of Lorien wore. - Legolas! Legolas turned around, smiling as he saw his Dwarven friend. Gimli's head was crowned with a wide bloodied bandage, but he looked as satisfied as a herd of Oliphaunts after stomping out a couple of armies. - Well met, my friend! – Legolas clasped Gimli's shoulder with his good arm. – What, has someone stepped on your head? Gimli was ready to retort for he hated when members of other races joked about his height, but the sparkle in his friend's eyes told him the elf meant nothing offensive. - You still have to wait for that dream of yours to come true, princeling, - he grumbled good-naturedly. – And besides, you don't look entirely well either. - 'Tis nothing, - Legolas waved at him. - As usually, - the dwarf rolled his eyes and chuckled. - By the way, have you seen Aragorn or Haldir? – Legolas asked after a short pause. – For I would like to speak to them. - The human is in the House of Healing, and you don't want to disturb him while he works, you know how furious he gets when distracted from healing, - Legolas nodded his agreement, - and the elf is… Actually, I don't know where he is. Last time I saw him was when those two pointy-eared pigheads were dragging me back to the Keep: he was fighting orcs on the wall. I have not seen him ever since, - Gimli furrowed his eyebrows, thinking. – Speaking of orcs, what's your final count, lad? Legolas smiled mischievously and turned to the battlefield, pointing out the first pile of the foul creatures he saw. - See that one? Those are mine, - with these words he walked off, hiding his grin, with Gimli staring at the pile of at least ten dozens of orcs and thinking if that could be true in any way. -:- -:- -:- Legolas frowned as he walked around the fortress for the millionth time this hour. The Marchwarden was nowhere to be seen, and this was starting to get annoying. The elf's arm throbbed painfully and waves of dizziness kept flowing over him, and more and more often he had to stop and lean against a wall to regain footing. Still Legolas was determined to prove his lover was safe and sound. It was not like he thought he weren't, just to make sure. That was when he noticed a familiar form half-covered by a dead orc. -:- -:- -:- Aragorn wiped his forehead with the back of his hand and carried on. He has already cleaned the bad wound on one of the Riders' stomach and now he was stitching the cut. The Dunadan felt incredibly exhausted after a long night and several hours of healing afterwards, and still he was working, for these people needed his help. Aragorn put the final stitch and sat back, sighing with relief. This man will live. He felt like his eyes were about to close, but he forced them open and focused on the calm face of a drugged sleeping horseman. That was when the door opened and someone entered the tiny room. - Good morning, Master Dwarf, - Aragorn smiled smugly, proud that he recognized the footsteps. - Good morning indeed, Aragorn, - Gimli answered, not amused by Strider's skills. – How are you doing? - This is the fifteenth man I have put back together. 'Tis tiring, you know, - the man sighed wearily and turned around, taking in the view of the dwarf. – Do you feel well? Have you seen Legolas? - Aye, I do. And aye, I have seen him indeed, no more than an hour ago. He was searching for you but I advised him not to ask for trouble, so he went after Haldir instead. - Haldir? – Gimli didn't like the way Aragorn paled. - …Oh no. - What? What is wrong? – Gimli asked in a worried voice, but Aragorn has already rushed out of the room and vanished from the sight. The dwarf gaped helplessly and took off after the human a few seconds later. Whatever is going on, I don't like it, he huffed under his breath. -:- -:- -:- Legolas walked up slowly, his widened eyes never leaving the much too familiar face of the fallen elf. All thoughts vanished from his head, for the sight was enough to bear. Absentmindedly, Legolas knelt down near Haldir and pushed the black body of an orc away. His arm howled in protest, but he paid no attention. The marchwarden's eyes were closed, and it was obvious he wasn't sleeping. A small pool of blood has formed under him, and Legolas felt dizziness tugging at him again. This cannot be happening, his mind screamed, this cannot be happening, you cannot have… The blond slowly pulled his most dear creature's body to his lap and cradled him, pushing stray hair out of the tired face. With his left hand, Legolas caressed the other elf's pale – far too pale – cold cheek and pressed their foreheads together, his eyes sliding shut with pain pulsating through him. This cannot be happening… -:- -:- -:- The man rushed through streets of the fortress filled with busy people and ran up the stairs to the wall. He was heading to the place he saw Haldir last, for it was him who saw him die, it was him who lowered the elf to the ground and closed his eyes, it was him who knew exactly where he was lying. He was running so fast he couldn't feel his legs, but he feared what he would find too much to care about his tired muscles. The dwarf was surprisingly fast, for he felt the urgency of the situation and didn't want to be late for whatever they were going to face. Suddenly, Aragorn halted and held out an arm to catch the unexpecting dwarf. Gimli slammed into the man and came to abrupt stop, peering out from behind the Dunadan questioningly and his heart became wrung with the sight of his friend sitting on the ground among the dead, pressing the body against his chest, his back hunched up. Gimli froze in his place while Aragorn walked up to the elf and touched his right shoulder. - Legolas. The elf made no indication that he noticed anything, or that he was even there, and for a second Aragorn feared the worst, but then Legolas slowly lifted his head and looked up at the human. Aragorn was shocked by the way his friend's usually bright blue orbs became almost pitch black with grief and despair. He didn't cry, his cheeks and unblinking eyes were dry, but the way he looked made Aragorn's heart sink. He knelt down near the elf and put an arm around his good shoulder. - Mellon nin. Ever so slowly, Legolas turned his gaze back to the elf in his arms he was bound up with so many years ago. Aragorn realized he had to do something immediately, for the time was running short. - Mellon nin , you are hurt. Come with me, I should see to your wound, - healer's eyes didn't fail to notice the trail of blood seeping through the improvised bandage. The only reaction he received from Legolas was a short, but fierce shudder. Automatically, Aragorn placed a hand on the elf's forehead and realized he