Author's Note: I honestly have no idea where this came from, but I owe it all to my muse of woe, Ebon. Cheers and mucho Gondorian lovin' to you. This is not a slash, no matter how it can or can't be taken. The love I keep mentioning is brotherly love, not romantic love…there is a difference. And, unfortunately, someone had to die... Heart Break 1. He walked as if in a dream. Nothing seemed real to him, and this surreal quality gave him the knowledge that what was going on was real; he wasn't dreaming no matter how much he wished he was. Standing there, he came back to himself as a hobbit nurse pushed him out of the way, with not so much as an 'excuse me' or a 'sorry, sir'. So much was happening so fast, he couldn't keep up with the whirl of activity. "It's just a scratch, Pip," Merry had said, wincing despite his reassurance. "I'll be fine, you'll see." And then he'd smiled that Brandybuck smile, only his smile was edged with brittle pain. And now… Merry was fighting a terrible infection, battling for his life. Tears filled Pippin's eyes as he realized that this was one battle Merry might not win. He was again pushed out of the way with no regard, watching silently as the hobbit nurses mixed salves, brewed potions and did everything they could to make Merry comfortable. A sympathetic hobbit nurse stopped in front of Pippin, his forlorn look and silent tears moving her, and she moved him into an adjacent room, sitting him down, closing the door on all the activity and producing, from out of thin air it seemed to Pippin, a hot cup of chamomile and lavender tea. "Drink this, young sir," she said softly. Pippin automatically took the cup and sipped, wincing as the hot liquid invaded his mouth. "Don't you worry yor'self, Mas'er Peregrin." Stress made the exhausted young nurse's Pincup accent thicken and Pippin smiled gratefully. "Mas'er Merry is in the best o' hands." Four hours and five cups of tea later, the flurry of activity finally slowed, and one old hobbit, Gammer Glinna, emerged from the room. She stared beadily down at Pippin, her black eyes glittering in the candlelight. Finally she gave a great "humph!" and settled into a chair, her eyes never leaving his. "I told him so," she said sternly, shifting her gaze finally to the closed door of Merry's bedroom. A collective sigh of relief came from the corner where Pippin, Merry's parents, and Frodo were sitting, waiting for news. No one spoke like about the dying. "He should have come straight to me when it happened." She turned to Pippin. "He wouldn't tell me what happened? That wound is mighty deep for a scratch, lad. Care to elaborate?" Pippin hung his head and tears came to his eyes again. Everyone looked at him expectantly. "It was my fault," he whispered. A tear fell on his lap. Merry's mother gasped. Saradoc looked confused. "How?" Pippin looked up at them, guilt and sorrow showing plain on his features. "We were practicing with our swords, not actually fighting, just practicing and I, my sword, it slipped and cut him. He said he was all right, that he wasn't much hurt." The tears fell in earnest. "It was an accident." Glinna nodded. "Well, the wound is clean and it's not got any more signs of infection. He should be fine, but he needs to rest and not do anything that'll put strain on him. I had to sew the cut closed." Pippin nodded, feeling very bad. Frodo reached over and patted him on the back. A nurse came from Merry's room and turned to Pippin. "He wants to see you, sir." Pippin got up and looked at Glinna, who nodded. He went into the room, hearing Glinna say quietly that they should all get some rest before he shut the door. Merry was sitting up, a plate of food in his lap. He was in a nightshirt, and his face was paler than it had ever been, but he looked all right. Pippin stood by the door. Merry looked up from a very tempting carrot and smiled. "You can come in, Pip." His voice was strong, with no implication of pain in it. Pippin walked over and sat on the bed, as close to Merry as he could get. He gazed at Merry for a long moment before looking down into his lap. Merry sighed and lifted Pippin's chin with his fingers. "It's not your fault, love. You weren't aiming to hit me, so stop looking like you killed me. If I remember correctly, it was you that said we should use practice swords instead of the real ones. So really if it's anyone's fault, it's my own." Pippin shook his head. "You're too stubborn to listen to your smarter half." Merry grinned. "Smarter? Oh, I wouldn't say smarter, dear Pippin, just a little more sense." Pippin grinned, glad to see that Merry was, in fact, not terribly injured. "Silly Took," Merry said fondly, brushing his fingers through Pippin's auburn curls. "I'm sorry I had to go and ruin all the fun just when you got here. It feels like I haven't seen you in years and now I'm going to be spending your visit in bed." Pippin smiled sadly. "I'll just stay here and cheer you up," he said, trying to wipe the frown off his best friend's face. Merry moved to put the plate of food on the bedside table and grimaced, a hiss of pain slipping through his clenched teeth. Pippin got up quickly and took the plate from him, setting it down and rearranging the pillows and Merry into a more comfortable position. "I'm fine, Pippin," Merry said in a gruff voice, seeing his cousin's concern. "I just need to be careful. It still hurts a bit when I move." He closed his eyes and sighed. "What shall we do, eh?" Pippin smiled, knowing just what would cheer his cousin up. "How about a story or two, Merry?" Merry smiled and nodded. "Aye, I think a story would help a lot, Pip." Pippin began the story, an older one that Merry had originally told him, embellishing it until it wandered far from the original, occasionally making Merry laugh and comment. Soon they both fell asleep, worn out from the emotional trials of the day, Pippin curled up against his favorite person in the world. 2. The first rays of the sun peeked their way through the partly closed curtain to reveal two content hobbits lying beside each other, the smaller nestled into the larger's right side, his hand wrapped lightly around his stomach. Pippin was on fire. He was burning of thirst and sweating profusely. He opened his eyes, wondering why the sun was burning him alive. Then he realized that he wasn't the one on fire. It was Merry. He jumped up, running through the door and into the hall, frantically searching for the Gammer. "Help! Somebody help!" A hobbit-maid ran up. "Go get Gammer Glinna, hurry! Merry has a terrible fever!" The frightened young lass ran off, leaving Pippin feeling helpless. Barely a second later, the old hobbit came barrelling up, puffing with the effort of running, her chest heaving, and nightgown billowing around her. In great gasping breaths she spat out, "What's wrong?" "He's burning up!" Pippin choked out. Glinna pushed past him, and ran through the open door, the hobbit-maid trailing her. "Get the nurses up! I need cold water, compresses and my kit!" Glinna turned to the terrified lass. "NOW!" Pippin paced the floor, not looking at the pale faces of Merry's parents or the quiet fear on Frodo's. Merry had to be okay. He had to! Anger rose through him like a knife, bitterly edged with fear. The door opened and shut quietly and Pippin stopped pacing, looking up into the tired eyes of the Gammer. She sighed and looked sadly at them. "There's nothing more I can do, he must've reopened the wound sometime in the night, infection got in and spread too quickly," she said softly, her voice heavy with the sorrow on her face. A sob escaped from Esmerelda. "He's in Eru's hands now." She turned to Pippin, a grim set to her face. "I'm sorry." Pippin's eyes widened and the angry sword rose to his throat, cutting his voice as he shouted. "NO!" Everyone jumped. "He's not going to die! He's NOT! Stop acting like he is!" Angry tears fell from his eyes and he turned away, straight into Frodo. Frodo grabbed him and pulled him into his arms, but Pippin resisted, fighting him. "NO!" He shouted, his voice hoarse and filled with unshed tears. "Let me go! Let me go, he's okay! He's not dying!" He broke free from Frodo's grasp and ran, anger and pain and fear driving him away from all of them. He's not going to die! He can't! Pippin ran, tears blinding him. He ran into someone and pushed past, not bothering to say sorry, his pain raging in him. He ran out the door and through the fields, into the dreaded Old Forest. Finally he collapsed, sobbing, unable to run anymore. "WHY?" The word broke from his throat, tearing through him and becoming a howl of despair. "Haven't you taken enough from us? Why can't you let him alone?" He collapsed on the ground, the silent forest a sentinel, a watcher to his pain. He sobbed until the tears dried up in him, the anger bleeding out with every tear, until there was only the pain left in him. Coldness crept into his heart, creating shadowy places for fear to stretch out an icy hand to grip him. Merry was dying. His best friend, with whom he'd shared laughter and tears, sickness and heartache with, someone he loved like a brother, was soon to go somewhere Pippin couldn't follow. "Merry," he whispered, his heart shattering into a million frozen pieces. Dry sobs racked his form and he curled into a tight ball, trying to forget everything, to go numb from all the pain. Soon he fell into a fitful sleep. 3. "C'mon, Pippin. Hurry. It's not that far now." Eighteen-year-old Merry stopped at the top of the large hill waiting for ten-year-old Pippin to catch up. "Oh, you're gonna miss it!" Pippin ran up the rest of the hill and stood panting beside Merry. "My legs aren't as long as yours, Mer," Pippin puffed. Merry shushed him. "Look." Pippin gasped. The sun was setting low over the hills, its last rays casting a golden glow over every hill and tree, turning the green grass of the meadow into burnished gold tinged with flame. Pippin looked up at Merry and lost his breath. Merry's curls had caught fire, and his eyes blazed brilliant cobalt, his skin a creamy gold. In that last moment of sunlight he looked ethereal; both a mystical being and a real one at the same time. Then the sun sank below a hill and he looked like Merry again, a beautiful smile on his face. The sky before them was a violent shade of purple, blues and soft reds swirling through, the underside of the clouds tinged with gold from the setting sun. "Wasn't that magical, Pippin?" He asked, his voice hushed and secretive, like if he said it any louder the magic would vanish and the moment would break. Pippin nodded, no words in his meager vocabulary to describe the feelings inside him. He wanted to whoop for joy and cry at the same time, exultant and miserable all at once. His eyes welled up and Merry's smile turned into a frown of concern as he knelt down in front of Pippin. "What's the matter, Pip?" Pippin shook his head and screwed his eyes shut against the tears. "It was just so beautiful and now it's gone!"