16 Annabeth was in trouble. She wasn't what you'd call a trouble-maker, in fact she was the epitome of a perfect daughter. It wasn't the first time she had been caught sneaking out of the castle. And it certainly wouldn't be the last. Sometimes a girl got tired of everything- parties, formal dinners, dress fittings, manner lessons, more parties. There was only so much someone could take. This particular time she had run off to a little village near her castle- Pinenook she thought it was- and was strolling through it. She could smell fresh bread baking and hear birds chirping in the trees. The village wasn't too far from the castle- only a couple miles, hidden in the nook of a mountain. Annabeth's favorite part was going through the forest. As she came up over a hill looking over the shore, trees were spasmodically placed until they grew thicker and thicker. Never one to fear the dark, Annabeth plundered through at amazing speed. She knew her way around, having found the quickest route to get to the village in all her sixteen years. She had found a shortcut a little while back. It was like a secret, open cavern. Vines covered the entrance of a pile of boulders, except there was a hole that she could walk through. On the other side, a small pool of water ran across the cavern, from side to side. Across was a huge field of grass with some trees and fruit bushes. Water fell down some rocks, making a waterfall. Annabeth had put rocks in the pond to get across easily. If she laid down, she had a perfect view of the stars. And if she walked to the edge of the trees, there was a small path that took her down to the village. That was how she had got here tonight. The streets were rocky, and as it was nearing nightfall, people had begun to put torches out. She loved to watch the sunset from the village because it had a perfect view of the ocean's horizon. She had been thinking for so long, she hadn't realized she'd walked to the edge of the town. Annabeth turned around to go back but found her path blocked by a horse. Fearing that it was her father's knight, she began to back away quietly. The person on the horse must have felt her bump into him so they turned around. Annabeth breathed a sigh of relief, it was only a boy about her age. He looked at her quizzically, his bright green eyes boring into hers. "Are you in trouble?" he asked her. "No. I'm perfectly fine." she responded, realizing he was a noble, like her. Although he was in riding clothes, they were too nice to be peasant wear. "You are not from around here? Are you lost?" "How do you know that? You are the one that is lost, I have never seen you before." He gestured to her. "Your clothes are that of royalty." She looked down, only just realizing that she was still in her day clothes. Her dress was yellow and floor-length. It was the traditional pattern of the time with a wide neck and long sleeves. Her hair was braided at the front of her head, on either side, and met behind her head. The rest of her hair lay in its naturally curly state. "I'm fine." she sighed. The boy clambered down off his horse, nearly falling. Annabeth laughed, but stopped when he sent her a glare. The boy grinned. "I didn't fall off this time." he walked over to her. His black hair might have been neat at one point, but it had been rustled when he got off his horse. He walked over to the shore and looked out at the sea. Annabeth followed him. "What are you doing out here?" he questioned. "I ran away." she admitted. "I don't blame you." They watched the sunset in silence. The oranges and pinks streaked across the pale blue sky, reflecting on the water. Annabeth wondered if she would ever leave- if she would ever be able to sail past the horizon. "Why are you here?" she inquired. "My father is looking for new possible trade partners. He let me come with him. We are sailing around. You see that shape there." He pointed to a spot on a bay inlet, a little bit away. "That there is our ship 'The Trident'. This was our first stop. My father says we might be gone for a year before we'd even make it back to our kingdom." "That sounds like fun. I'd much rather do that than have to sit in a castle forever." Annabeth said wistfully. The boy got to see the world, she would give anything to do that. Her parents would never let her. Maybe that's why she ran away all the time. "Can I help you get back to your castle?" Annabeth considered his offer. The guards would eventually find her, they always did. They couldn't be too far off now. Maybe she could talk to this boy instead. "Alright." The boy grinned. They walked back to his horse and he helped her get up, before getting on himself. "You are better at getting on a horse than getting off." Annabeth commented, placing her arms around his waist. The boy didn't say anything to her, but he yelled, "YAH" at the horse. She gave him directions until the castle came into view. She found herself drifting off; something about the rhythm of the horse and the warmth of the boy made her feel at peace. The morning birds sang as the sun broke over the sky. The waves crashed onto the shore as men yelled at each other to let the sails loose. A young boy followed his father into the cabin. "When will we come back here?" he asked, curious. The man chuckled. Anyone could tell they were related with their dark locks and sea eyes. "Not for a while Percy." His face fell. "But don't worry. We will come back." the father promised his son. They looked out the windows and watched the land retreat, a castle shrinking as the got farther and farther away. 18 Annabeth sat up in bed. She'd had another dream about a boy with green eyes. She shook her head and stretched. Getting up out of bed, she pulled the curtains from her window aside. A beautiful morning stretched out in front of her. It was a shame she would be stuck inside, getting ready for the ball. She glanced to her left where an elegant dress stood on a frame. "Ugh!" she groaned and fell back on her bed. Someone came in and Annabeth lifted her head to see who it was. It was the redhead maid, Rachel. "Good morning your majesty." she said respectfully. "You know you do not have to call me that in my room." "Sorry." Rachel was Annabeth's favorite maid. She was funny and helped Annabeth with her parent problems. "Ready for today?" she asked her. Annabeth groaned again. "No. But do I really have a choice?" Rachel laughed. Guests streamed in as sundown approached. Rachel was braiding her hair as Annabeth watched the people get out of their carriages. "I still can't believe people do this for fun." she grumbled. "All done." Rachel moved her in front of a mirror. "You look beautiful." Her hair was done in a braid that led into a fancy sort of bun. Rachel was very talented that way. The blue dress cinched at her waist and flowed out to the floor. It was a velvety material that had silver embroidering. Annabeth's scowling face ruined the image of a perfect princess and her grey eyes looked ready to kill. "Put a smile on. It's almost time for your introduction, hurry." Rachel tugged her out the door and down the hall. Voices could be heard as they got closer to the great hall. She stood by her parents and waited for the man to introduce them. Annabeth never like this part. She hated having all the attention, but she put a smile on her face and walked out with the King and Queen. The night was going by in a blur. Many people had asked her to dance, and she was sick of it. Annabeth just wanted to retreat to her room, but she knew her parents would restrict her horse-riding privileges if she did. She sighed and stood off to the side, hoping to not be noticed. Someone bumped into her and she nearly fell. "Excuse me!" she stated, turning to tell the person off. The young man looked rightfully embarrassed. "I apologize." then he realized who she was and bowed. "Princess Annabeth." Clapping signaled the end of the dance and faster paced music began to play. "May I be forgiven with this dance?" the young man asked and pulled her into the midst of other dancing couples. If her really wanted to be forgiven, he should get me out of here. she thought, but decided it would be better to not say that. Annabeth took the chance to really look at him. He had black hair that was neat and- she gasped. His green eyes. The same color as in her dream. "Do I know you?" she said, puzzled. He laughed. "No, I suppose not." "Have we met before?" "Yes." he said simply. Annabeth wracked her brain, trying to remember when they had met. Her dream. It was real. She tried to recall what happened in the dream. A boy nearly fell off his horse, watching a sunset, and riding towards a castle. The song finished and they bowed to each other. Annabeth raised her eyebrow quizzically. "Wh-" she was cut off by her name. "Annabeth, darling." the queen was calling her. She glanced back at the boy, but he was gone. Annabeth shrugged and walked to her mother and father, who was standing with a man she didn't know. "Who is this?" Annabeth said. "Sir Chiron, this is our daughter, Princess Annabeth Chase." "Pleasure to meet you." Sir Chiron bowed to her and Annabeth copied his movements. "We were just arranging new lessons, darling, for you." her father told her. "For what? I excel at my studies and other activities." "Preparing you to take over, of course." her mother said it as if it was obvious. "I do not understand." "You are getting older, and we want you to be as prepared as possible when it comes time to take over the kingdom." he father added. "I'm eighteen!" Annabeth said incredulously. "All the better to start now. Do you see?" the king said. "No. I do not." she replied. "Now, if you will excuse me." she began pushing her way through the crowd. Once she was out of the courtyard, she hitched up her dress and ran. Her fury came out in her eyes and she realized she was crying. She did not cry, but she couldn't stop them from coming. Annabeth was so done with this lifestyle. She hated parties and the fake socialization, most of all she hated fancy dresses. Her mind took her where she wanted to go. Leading her through the woods until the hanging wall of vines appeared before her and she pulled the curtain aside. A small watering pool opened out in front of her. Annabeth carefully stepped on the stones that she had placed that took her across to the other side. Water was trickling down some rock, a mini waterfall, and gathering in the pool. Taking her shoes off, she dipped her feet in the water. Annabeth let a huge sob escape, then a sigh. She laid back on the grass and looked up at the stars. How much more could her parents ask of her. She was barely eighteen, she didn't want to take over the kingdom. It frustrated her beyond belief that they