Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The walkie-talkie at Bella's hip buzzed to life just as she placed a twenty pound pumpkin on the table. She glanced up into brown eyes identical to her own, as her father scowled at the unseen voices. "Woodchuck to Grey Squirrel, Woodchuck to Grey Squirrel. Come in Grey Squirrel." "What the hell are those clowns talking about?" grumbled Chief Swan, his mustache twitching as his mouth pulled down into a frown. Bella suppressed a small bubble of laughter as she pictured her friends out in the corn field acting out the old Jim Carrey bit. She was surprised her father didn't know of it. But, then again, Charlie had never been one to watch a lot of television that didn't involve true crime solvers or largemouth bass. "Just something that's been going around YouTube," she explained as succinctly as possible. Charlie's lips pulled into a tight line, but he returned his attention to the various checklists and schedules in his hands. He figured one joke was acceptable. However, he wasn't expecting the act to continue. "Grey Squirrel, the situation has been neutralized." Seth's voice in an uncanny impression of Dickie Peterson, Cherub of Justice. "I'm going to neutralize all of you if you don't quit horsing around," Charlie grumbled into his own walkie-talkie. "Anyone who has time to do impersonations can come and help carve some more pumpkins." "Sorry, Chief," was repeated a handful of times as the boys in far flung corners of the hay field quickly apologized to avoid more work. Charlie peered off into the distance, no doubt imagining the entire haunted hayride route like it was displayed before him on a map. Bella noticed the tension in his jaw as she shoved a serrated blade deep into the yielding flesh of the gourd in front of her. "It's going to go fine, Dad," she told him, as she pulled off the top of the pumpkin and started scooping out the slimy mess within. "They're just getting the goofiness out of their system, but everyone will behave once the guests start showing up." "Don't you think we've got enough of those, yet, Bells?" her father asked, indicating the long line of jack-o-lanterns with a glance. For a moment they communicated silently with each other, their eyes each focused on something just out of view, and both pale foreheads were wrinkled in thought. Anyone else would have backed down from the Chief's taciturn authority, but his daughter wasn't concerned with his approval. Rather, she shared his dedication to community safety above personal comfort or ego. "I'm a little worried about that turn by the old barn," Bella finally responded, gesturing to the northeast with a string of pumpkin innards trailing off her hand. "I think we need to widen the curve, which means pushing the path out a bit, which means we need more pumpkins to mark the arch." "Bells," Charlie responded, "We've been doing this haunted hayride for over ten years. We don't need to have a regulation highway through the corn." Bella grinned up at her dad. She'd known he'd pull seniority on her if she mentioned concerns about the route that had been planned. But, as a second-year civil engineering student, part of her brain had been irrevocably changed so she saw every road, even a temporary path through an overgrown corn field, as a challenge to meet efficiency and safety. She wasn't about to back down, even against her father who was the de facto safety officer for every community event in the small town she had lived in until going away to college. "I'm not suggesting a regulation highway, Dad," she said. "Since the only vehicles travelling it will be going a maximum of ten miles an hour, it couldn't be a highway, anyway." As she went on to explain, using as many terms from her training as she could, Bella's smile grew wider and her father's expression shifted to a mixture of pride and confusion. "Alright, alright," Chief Swan finally cut her off. "We'll smooth out the curve however you think we should." But, he added a little under his breath, "We've never had any problems before, including last year when you were too busy to come and help your old Dad." Bella's smile fell a bit, and she concentrated on cutting out some eye holes and a ghoulish mouth from the pumpkin, while her brown hair fell over her shoulder, hiding her face. Charlie's eyes were focused on her, but they were both too shy to say what they were thinking or meet each other's gaze. Bella had avoided coming home from college all of her freshman year, the four hour drive and her aged Chevy truck fair excuses. She'd even convinced Charlie to allow her to spend the Christmas break in Phoenix with her mother. It had nearly broken his heart, but he allowed her to believe he bought the lie about her wanting to reconnect with Renee. Charlie knew her avoidance of Forks had little to do with Bella's class schedule and work-study job. And, it had exactly nothing to do with Renee asking her to spend the holiday with her and her newest boy toy. Though he had no proof that would have been admissible in court, Charlie knew the guilt lay primarily with a boy named Cullen. But, he also knew better to say anything about it, especially now that Bella was home again, and he had seen a familiar silver Volvo gassing up in town the other day. Bella's mind was on Edward Cullen, too. She bit her lip and furrowed her brow in concentration, willing her thoughts to go in a different direction, but there was no denying that being back home made certain memories bubble to the surface. She had hoped after her self-inflicted exile she would be able to come home to Forks and not be reminded of her high school crush. Charlie had tempted her with the one thing she had missed most about her hometown: the haunted hayride, a police fundraiser and her favorite Halloween tradition. Bella had volunteered at the annual event every year since she was old enough to be trusted to put on a mask and yell "boo." Over the years, she'd graduated to different jobs like helping to create props, sell tickets, and eventually serve on the organizing committee. Unlike most of her classmates, who were content to show up and be pulled along on a tractor for a fun scare, Bella knew the ins and outs of the Hayride by the time she was thirteen. For Bella, it felt like Halloween hadn't even happened last year. She'd spent all of ten minutes in the frat house filled with scantily clad girls supposedly costumed as angels, or witches, but really looking like wannabe lingerie models. That was just not Halloween. There hadn't even been any candle-lit pumpkins, just a plastic version lit by electric bulbs. After that disappointing night, crowned by watching her roommate come home and throw up into the wee-hours of the morning, Bella had decided that nothing, even the ghost of her non-romance with Edward Cullen, would keep her from being part of Fork's Haunted Hayride again. Since the planning for each year started as soon as the previous ride's set was torn down, Bella sent an e-mail to the committee members early on November 1st. She begged them to allow her to skype into meetings so she could be involved in the planning, and promised that she would find a way to be in Forks each weekend in October to help run the event. She even sent a sketch of the ride she had dreamed up. Bella's vision was titled "Vampires through the Ages." Her concept was to take the riders back-in-time from today's glamorous, romanticized, and inhumanly beautiful vampires to the earliest depiction of gruesome blood-drinking demons. The idea had been met with unanimous enthusiasm. Even stogy Mrs. Cope who liked to complain about everything was won over by the literary and historical educational aspects. Bella planned, sketched, made phone calls, and skyped the months away. Ironically, immersing herself in the Forks tradition helped keep her mind off of Edward Cullen more than avoiding all the reminders of her home town. She'd even made unexpected friends through the work she was trying to accomplish on campus. The "Forks Haunted Hayride East Committee" was formed by Bella's roommate, Alice, a theater major who had convinced about a dozen people into volunteering their time sewing costumes and building props for the event most wouldn't even be attending. The small group met as often as they could around studying, rehearsals, and other meetings. Bella unexpectedly found herself the center of attention as the volunteers asked her questions about Forks over endless boxes of pizza and donuts, kept carefully away from the fabric and paint. But, for the first time in her life, the shy girl didn't mind having others focused on her. She found she liked making decisions and laughing with others as they worked toward a common goal. It was fortunate that the committee was not an official school club, because Bella would have been President, and she would have been unable to avoid recognizing herself as a leader. The fact that she didn't see herself that way just proved how good she was at it, and how much the experience was allowing her to grow. When their freshman year ended, Bella and Alice loaded up Bella's truck with an array of fake coffins, prosthetic limbs, black capes, and assorted props. Bella drove them to Forks, unloaded them into her father's garage, and returned to Seattle the next day. She took a few classes over the summer and worked as many hours as she could. Most of her paychecks went into a savings account, but she also scoured thrift shops and garage sales for more Hayride materials. That fall, Bella arranged her schedule so that she had no classes on Fridays. And although it meant giving up a desirable job in the Admissions Department, she took a four-week leave from work-study, intending to take whatever was available in November and working through the holidays to replenish her skimpy bank account. It was about a week after classes had started and the girls were looking through the digital pictures of the field Bella had on her computer that Alice reminded Bella of one detail she had overlooked. "So, are you going to be a beautiful vampire, or one of the monsters, Bella?" Alice asked. Bella could tell by her tone that Alice was going to try and persuade her to play Bella-Barbie, hoping she'd be one of the glamourous modern figures at the Hayride. Bella gulped and steeled herself. She knew from experience just how persuasive Alice could be in getting her to do something she didn't want. It had been her gorgeous petite roommate who had dragged her to the few parties Bella had attended, and even convinced her to double-date once. That experience had made Nightmare on Elm Street look like Romeo and Juliet. "I'm not going to be either," Bella replied, her brown eyes avoiding Alice's narrowed gaze. "Since I'm going to be responsible for traffic flow and safety, I'm going to dress up as something that can't be confused with the characters in the scare." "Such as…" Alice prompted. "Umm," Bella stammered. "I actually haven't decided yet." Alice rolled her eyes at the ceiling, muttering under her breath. "I figured as much. Well, I gave you as long as I could, but if we're going to come up with something functional and sexy, you're going to have to start working with me now." Bella made a sound between choking and whining. "Alice," she stammered. "I appreciate your help, but there's no way I could wear anything sexy, especially in a corn field when I