Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. BATTLE AS OLD AS TIME " This has been going on for too long. One more mishap like this, and I will have no choice but to suspend her." Go ahead. I don't care. " We've had some issues at home lately, and she's only acting out. Isabella is a good kid. She's just a little lost." Just tell her what you really think of me, Dad; you think I am a spoiled brat. " Maybe, but her behavior is affecting the other students. You either solve your family issues or I will request for Miss Swan to transfer to another school." Please, do! Then I wouldn't have to deal with your shit anymore. " We understand. We will talk with her immediately. We won't tolerate this either." I rolled my eyes and slouched deeper into the uncomfortable, blue, plastic chair I sat in outside of the principal's office. My parents came through the door, and Dad tried to give me the I-am-very-disappointed-in-you-young-lady-look, but I wasn't falling for it. They took turns shaking the principal's hand, or the Banshee as I liked to call her—she was certainly just as cold-hearted as one and her nasal voice could have been a high-pitched scream in my ear, so the nickname was fitting—and then Mom walked up to me and crouched down so that she could look into my eyes. "Bella, what's going on with you? Is there something you want to tell us?" I rolled my eyes again and turned my head away from her. Dad wasn't in the mood to play nice and grabbed my upper arm hard to pull me up from the chair. "Charlie, don't!" Mom cried out, but he didn't care. He was livid. "What the hell, Isabella Marie! Where did you get the alcohol from, and why did you bring it to school?" he asked through clenched teeth. I pulled my arm out of his grip and glared at him. "Don't fucking touch me!" "Answer my question." I crossed my arms and cocked my head defiantly. "Why do you care?" Mom stepped in between us. "Not here, Charlie! We'll take it at home." She looked around and smiled apologetically toward the receptionist, who was looking at the scene in front of her. "Take a picture. It will last longer," I told her, but before I could see her reaction, I was pushed out of the office and toward the parking lot. I walked angrily behind my parents with my arms still crossed and glared at their necks as they made their way to where they had parked their car. "What are we going to do with you, Bella," Mom mused to herself, and I didn't feel she was entitled to an answer, so I remained silent. When we reached the car, I refused to enter it immediately, and while Dad sat behind the wheel and tried to control his anger, Mom sighed and rolled her window down. "Just get in the car." I broke eye contact with her and looked down at my black boots and still refused to make a move. "Please, Bella. We'll talk at home." With an exasperated exhale, I flung the door of the backseat open and ducked inside. Dad didn't waste any time and drove out of the school premises as soon as the door was closed. "I don't understand, honey. Why did you think it was a good idea to bring alcohol to school?" Mom asked, but I was sulking and didn't feel like answering. "Bella, answer me," she said sternly. "Because I just did, okay!" I cried out and then continued quietly to myself, "It wasn't even my bottle." "What was that?" Dad asked, but since he wasn't my favorite person in the world at the moment, I only glared at his neck. "Nothing," I said and started to dig in my bag for my headphones. I'd had enough of them for the rest of the ride home. "You know, Isabella, it's time you start to act more mature. You're eighteen years old, and when school ends, there will be responsibilities waiting for you," he continued. "Sure," I answered noncommittally and proceeded to insert my ear buds. Music by my favorite band started to play in my head and I looked out of the window at the sky, which was beginning to go gray, and small droplets of water splashed on the glass. When Dad stopped by a red light, a familiar car pulled up in the lane next to us and my eyes met the driver's. He smiled his beautiful smile and nodded toward the seat next to him. I frowned, silently asking what it was he meant and in reply I got a raised eyebrow and a wink. I understood then, and I also knew that I had to be really quick if it would work. I cast a small glance at my parents and neither of them had noticed anything yet, and so as fast as I possibly could, I threw the car door open and bolted outside. "Bella?" I heard Mom ask, and a second later Dad yelled as well, but I had already rounded the car that was my destination, and the door of the passenger side was already open for me. "Isabella, come back here this instant!" I locked eyes with my dad for a second, and he seemed to dare me to enter the car, which I did without hesitating. As soon as the door closed, the lights switched to green and we sped away from there. I threw my head back and laughed, rejoicing in my short and temporary freedom. I would still have to go home sometime tonight and meet my parents' wrath, but that was a problem for later. When I couldn't see them in the rearview mirror any longer, I looked at my savior—his unruly dark hair and defined jawline—and the desire I always felt around him flared up. "Thank you for saving me back there, baby," I said gratefully and leaned over to kiss him on the cheek, but he turned his head and took possession of my mouth for a few short seconds before releasing me again to concentrate back on the road. "No problem. I figured you needed it when I saw your parents' car in the parking lot. What did you do this time, Angel?" "It wasn't my fault!" I defended myself automatically. "Random locker search and they found that bottle you gave me." "I'm sorry." I shook my head. "Don't worry about it. I don't care if they said it was a random search. Banshee's been after me ever since I started in this stupid school, and if it hadn't been that bottle, it would have been something else." "Probably, but Banshee's a bitch. She's always been, so don't think too much about it." I looked down at my hands and started to rub them against each other agitatedly. "She threatened with suspension and a transfer. If she succeeds with finding enough dirt on me, I won't be allowed to graduate next year." "Angel, it's only a month since you started your senior year. Do you really think you need to worry about that now?" He turned his head and looked at me with those mesmerizing eyes of his, and I instantly calmed down. I smiled and sunk deeper into the comfy leather seat. "You're right," I agreed. This guy was the center of my world. I would do anything for him, and I knew he would do the same for me. His name was Edward, and he was twenty-two years old, a criteria alone that made him forbidden according to my parents. When I first laid eyes on him, he had been a senior at my school, and I had been a scared, flat-chested freshman. He hadn't taken any notice of me back then, and I hadn't dared to approach him because he'd had an aura of danger around him that scared me to the core, but at the same time, I couldn't stop thinking about him. It didn't take long for me to become obsessed with being seen by him, and I tried everything, but to no avail because I didn't look like his type of girl back then. I'd been rather mousy—gray and boring—but after crashing a senior party with a former friend of mine, I had found him, and the people he surrounded himself with, sitting on a couch in the corner. The girls around him had the same kind of dangerous aura, and I felt myself being pulled to them by an unseen force. When I entered their area, Edward had looked up and we'd locked eyes for the first time. His eyes had darkened and one of the girls had whispered in his ear before he stood up and walked up to me. My heart had flown up into my throat and threatened to stop, and it hadn't helped any when he was close enough for me to smell him. The scent was too alluring, and I had gone weak in the knees, forcing him to grab me so that I wouldn't fall to the ground. "Are you okay?" he had asked, and I had silently nodded, too intimidated to talk. "Do you want to sit with us?" My eyes had widened in disbelief. "Are you serious?" "Yeah." "Um, sure. I'll sit with you." That night had been the first in my new life. I found friends I had been too scared to acquire before and Edward became a new constant in my life, but we didn't start to truly date until I started my junior year. My outer appearance changed a lot after that night—my plain t-shirts were replaced with band shirts and leather jackets, my hair came down from the typical ponytail, and my jeans were replaced with skirts and stockings—and rumors began to circulate that Edward's gang was into occult rituals, and I was their newest member. I didn't care so much about the rumors at first, but since all of my new friends were seniors, the past two years had been rather lonely, apart from my bestie, Alice, and filled with ridicule by my fellow peers. Alice was the same age as me, but she transferred to my school months after the night that changed my life. She had also been accepted into the gang with open arms, almost more so than I had been, and now we were the only two left. Edward drove to our favorite spot—a secluded part of the local park—and placed the car in park before he turned to me. "Now, when there is no risk for traffic accidents, I better get a proper hello and thank you," he said with a smirk. I giggled and once again leaned forward to kiss him, and our lips joined in a passionate lip-lock that made my toes curl and my temperature rise. One of Edward's hands snaked around my waist and the other loosely gripped around my throat to hold me in place, and my own went to his hair and grabbed fistfuls of those beautiful dark strands. The short seconds we parted, our breaths mixed in the space between us, but we were in a very uncomfortable position, and my back screamed at me to do something about it. When the hand that had been on my waist started to sneak its way underneath the hem of my shirt, I knew I would have to say something. "Edward, I-" He groaned. "I know, you're not ready." He released me and inhaled deeply to calm himself. I started to shake my head. "But I am," I insisted, and his head whipped around toward me so fast I feared he would get whiplash, and I understood why he was so shocked. It was the first time I'd uttered those words in this situation. I smiled.