Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. 3 BMaC 3 "Why do you have a ring through your nose?" the girl asked with a look of guileless curiosity. "Mindy!" her mother gasped in shock. "But, Mom, you said-" "Hush. What kind of cupcake do you want?" "It's okay, Mindy. When I was little, and I saw grownups with body piercings, I wondered the same thing. When I turned six, I had to beg my mom to let me get my ears pierced. I wear her birthstone in these," Bella explained pointing to her earlobes. "When I was all grown up, I decided I wanted more earrings for all the other people I love and other important things in my life. This one," she said, tapping the side of her nose, "is for my Grandma. She taught me how to cook. And when she passed away, she left me the money I used to buy this bakery. I had to put Nana's earring here, because when I was your age, I loved visiting her house. It always smelled sooooo good." Bella sniffed the air dramatically. The girl giggled. "That's weird." "Yeah. I know. I'm kind of a weird person. But you're not weird, are you, Mindy? I bet you don't want a weird cupcake. You want. . ." she made a show of searching through the display case. "You want a. . . raspberry cupcake with lemon frosting!" "I do?" Mindy looked at the iced confection suspiciously. "Can you add sprinkles?" "Mindy!" her mom scolded again, obviously uncomfortable with her daughter's forthright attitude. "Of course I'll give you extra sprinkles. One for each of those adorable freckles." Mindy giggled and stood on her tiptoes, watching as Bella transferred the cupcake from the display case to a clear plastic container. She doused it liberally with colored sprinkles and rang it up at the till. The mom cried, "Wait! Isn't that one of your specialty flavors?" "I charge a flat rate for kids when they come into the store. It makes it easier for their parents to say yes," Bella smiled. "Wow. Thanks," the girl's mom said, handing over her debit card. Bella's cupcakes ranged in price depending on the ingredients and the effort that went into preparation and presentation. The 'Raspberry Swirl-Lemon Chiffon' cupcake was her newest flavor and the featured Cupcake-of-the-Month for August. With only a week and a half left in August, she still hadn't decided what to feature for September. If she didn't have any inspiration, she could always fall back on her 'Chocolate-Peanut Butter-Cream' cupcake, a perennial favorite with the UW students who made up a majority of her clientele. Bella had only told Mindy about a handful of her piercings. The girl's mother would not have been impressed to hear about the belly button ring she got for her 18th birthday, the nipple rings she got after she handed her V-card over to her second boyfriend, intended to symbolize the overlapping pain and pleasure of the experience, or the four eyebrow rings she got to remind herself to keep her eyes open when it came to men. Each eyebrow piercing commemorated the end of one of her trainwreck relationships. Three boyfriends and one ill-fated engagement. Opening her own shop had been the start of her life of self-imposed celibacy, and the beginning of her commitment to being self-reliant, both financially and emotionally. It was the best decision she had ever made. Rather than feeling deprived, she felt liberated. The stud and ring which passed through her bottom lip was her most recent piercing. When she was ready to kiss another man, ready to be in a healthy relationship instead of the codependent emotional mindfucks of her past, then, and only then, would she take it out. As the mom and daughter were leaving, three more groups came in, and Bella scrambled to fill their orders. Frantic moments like this made her reconsider only hiring summer help, but when she did the math, it didn't make sense to hire a regular employee. The shop made money, and she had a comfortable life, but there wasn't a lot of extra cash. Not yet, at least. "I like you hair," a boy said, as she helped his mom select two dozen cupcakes. "Thanks! Go Hawks!" she laughed. Her hair was dyed black with green and blue tips for the football season. She wasn't as crazy as some fans, but she sold tens of dozens of blue and green frosted cupcakes on game days, and, since she was usually working, she had the games playing on a wall-mounted screen. Supporting the Seahawks went hand-in-hand with running a business in Seattle. "I'm going to dye my hair blue for 'crazy hair day' next Friday," the boy confided, shoving his hands in the pockets of his bright yellow hoodie. "Ooh. That sounds like fun. What grade are you in?" "Fifth. My sister's in kindergarten. She's turning six tomorrow," he said, pointing his elbow at the girl who was hovering shyly under her mom's arm. "Six already? Wow!" Bella said with her eyebrows raised. "Are these cupcakes for you?" "Yeah-huh," the girl said shyly, blushing. "You know, birthday girls get an extra special cupcake. For free." "They do?" That got her attention. She stepped closer to the glass with her eyes open wide. "Pick one. Any one," Bella encouraged. "What's that?" the girl asked, pointing at an unfrosted chocolate cupcake on the specialty shelf. "Oooh. That's a grown up cupcake. That's my 'Volcano Cake.' I don't think you'll like it." Another client stepped into the shop just then, the bell ringing cheerily. Bella glanced up and saw a cute college guy checking out the cupcakes on display. She took his measure in a single look. He had auburn hair, neatly combed and gelled, with thick-framed glasses, khaki slacks and a sweater vest over a light blue button down shirt. She bit her lip to hide a smirk. A sweater vest? She had already narrowed down his major, his favorite music and his favorite cupcake to a couple of options. That boy was vanilla, vanilla, vanilla. Definitely not a 'Volcano Cake.' Not by a long shot. "Volcano? Really?" the girl's eyes were glowing. All shyness forgotten, she pressed her face up against the glass. "Does it explode?" "No. No. Nothing like that. But it does have a molten core," Bella said with a sly smile. "I serve it hot with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. See, it's made with dark chocolate batter, chili pepper for a bit of a bite and liquid chocolate in the middle. Then, you see the red lava? That's homemade cherry jelly. When it gets hot, it bubbles up and melts down the sides. Crazy, huh?" The girl nodded, entranced. "I want that one." "Uuuhhh," Bella was nonplussed. She loved the contrasting sweet, spicy and tart flavors, but it was a mature, complex blend. Not something most six-year-olds would like or appreciate. "She loves volcanos," the girl's mom explained, shaking her head. The college guy was patiently watching the exchange, a small smile tugging on his lips. "'Volcano Cake' it is!" Bella shrugged, and popped the cupcake into the convection oven to heat while she rang up the order. "Promise me you'll have the best birthday ever!" "I will," the girl replied, taking her bowl to one of the tiny bistro tables near the window. Her mom and brother sat down with her, drinking coffee and hot apple cider. "What can I get for you?" Bella greeted her next customer. Up close, she could see how beautiful his eyes were - a unique, light brown hue, almost the color of amber, framed by long, dark lashes. "I have no idea. Uh. It's not for me. There's this girl. . ." The guy was holding his wallet, flipping it open and closed nervously. Bella's eyes were drawn to his long, graceful fingers. A pianist's hands. No, he didn't have the aloof air of a musician. Taking in the whole picture, he was definitely studying medicine. Second generation, at least. Maybe a future surgeon? "Courting with cupcakes. I like it," Bella smiled. "Tell me a little bit about her." "Well, for one thing, Lauren is gorgeous. Classy. And smart. Really smart. She's in my Psych 301 class, and I bet she could teach it better than the professor." Bella amended her earlier assessment. He was probably majoring in Pre-Med, minoring in Psychology. "Okay. Anything else? Have you known her long?" "No. I haven't actually ever spoken to her. I was hoping. . . see, there's a study session for our class in half an hour. I was hoping to take her something sweet and, you know, introduce myself. Ask her out." "I'm guessing you don't know if she has any allergies." "No." "So, nuts are out. That rules out quite a few cupcakes. How about something with a white cake and fruit filling?" "Um. Okay. What kinds do you have?" "They're all on this shelf, and I have some blueberry ones in the back I was frosting this morning. They should be set by now." "What about this one," the guy asked, pointing to a cupcake labeled 'Here Comes the Bride.' "Don't you think that's coming on a little strong?" she laughed. "Oh, crap. You're right," he said, blushing. "It just looks so fancy. Classy, like Lauren. Wait! 'Peaches and Cream?' That would be perfect. It kind of matches her complexion." "Uuuhh. You're going to ask a girl out with 'Peaches and Cream?' Kind of daring, aren't you?" Bella teased. He looked confused. "What do you mean?" He acted as if the innuendo had soared straight over his head. "Um. Never mind. Great choice. This was a good year for peaches. Okay, just the one cupcake? Nothing for you?" "Everything looks delicious, but I'm too nervous to eat. Maybe next time." "You got it," Bella grinned. She tied a gold ribbon around the container and handed it across the counter. "Good luck!" "Thanks, Cupcake Girl," he said as he ducked out of the shop. Bella took advantage of the mid-morning lull to rearrange the display case and make room for the 'Blueberry Dream' cupcakes she had just finished. Then she made herself a cappuccino and settled into her break room, little more than a nook with a comfy chair and a tiny side table, trusting the bell on the door to alert her if another customer came in. She opened her notebook to her most recent recipe and scribbled down some adjustments based on the results of her last test run. The rest of the day was a typical Friday, with activity carrying on pretty consistently throughout the afternoon and evening. Right before closing, a couple in their mid-twenties came in, hands clasped and smiles on their faces. They traded a kiss as she rang up the order, just a gentle brush of lips, but the romantic picture made Bella's heart clench in longing. Two years was a long time to be alone. She missed that closeness. When they disappeared down the lamp-lit sidewalk, Bella flipped the sign to closed and locked the front door. She went through her normal closing checklist, moving all the desserts to the walk-in, cleaning the espresso machine, wiping down tables and chairs and sweeping the floor. She used a strong glass cleaner to remove the little fingerprints and nose smudges that had accumulated on the display case throughout the day. With her tasks complete, Bella took the back stairs up to her apartment. Kicking off her boots, she switched on the TV, poured herself an inch of Maker's Mark and curled up on the couch. Being alone was okay. She didn't need a man. She didn't like to admit it, but the mantra was getting thin in places. Maybe she didn't need a man, but there were occasional nights when she didn't look forward to going