DISCLAIMER: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entries herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I parked the car outside the beautiful white bungalow, confirmed the address, and stepped out. The house was surrounded by a garden. There were a few large oak trees growing along the edges of the property that bore leaves in delightful shades of yellow, ochre, orange and tan, woven into an amalgamation that only Mother Nature could create. The sight brought an involuntary smile to my face. For a moment, I forgot all of my troubles- the fights I had this morning, last night, and the day before- and lost myself in the earthy smell and crisp fall air. My moment of peace didn't last long. I wasn't here to commune with nature, after all. I was here on a work assignment. A couple of cars came up on the driveway and I greeted their occupants. Together, we climbed the three stairs to the porch and walked up to the door. Seconds after I'd knocked, I was greeted by a woman with jet black spiky hair and the greenest of eyes I'd ever seen. Alice Cullen-Whitlock. Her body was petite, but the woman could be exceedingly overwhelming and commanding when she wanted to be or if the situation demanded it. I knew this because I'd had the opportunity to work closely with her several times in the past few months since I'd been selected for an internship in the media department of her company. Fortunately, she had seemed to like me since the first assignment that I had assisted her in, and so she always treated me kindly and appreciatively. In return, I put my heart and soul into my work. "Angela! Hi." She greeted me with a smile. "Come on in, all of you." "Hello, Alice." Oh yeah, I was part of the group of selected few at the office that was allowed to call her by her first name. I legit celebrated with champagne the day she'd granted me access into that group. Champagne and Tyler… That was a good night. With a shake of my head, I dismissed that thought. Our group of five entered the mansion, which I realized was as beautiful inside as it was on the outside. A spiral staircase on our right led up to the second floor. We trudged ahead, following Alice as she led us to the living room. It had plush couches surrounding an antique rosewood table and a fifty-inch flat screen TV mounted on the wall. The wall on my right had a huge window overlooking the garden and a comfortable looking reading seat nestled next to it. Little knick-knacks adorned the shelves and tables and an arrangement of several photographs was hung up on the wall. Just by looking at the careful and creative way they were arranged, I could tell that they meant a lot to the owner of the house. As I said, it was all very beautiful. The highlight, though, was a huge carved pumpkin that seemed to have a place of pride on a separate table. I yearned to look at the design, but it was facing away from me. A dark haired woman walked in, smiling as she held out a hand to me. "Hi, you must be Angela. It's nice to meet you. I'm Bella Cullen." She had a soft voice and a warm demeanor that immediately put me at ease. "It's nice to meet you too, Mrs. Cullen." She laughed. "Please, call me Bella. I'm a couple of years younger than your boss here," she teased and nudged Alice, who shoved her right back. We looked on with slack-jawed fascination as the woman who was such a hard-ass in the office interacted playfully with her sister-in-law. I guess it was silly to assume that Alice's demeanor with her family would be the same as it was in the professional world. Still, it was a little disconcerting to see her so relaxed and completely at ease. It was a little like… like when you're in grade school. You can never imagine your teachers having a different life outside of the classroom. Their image burned into our little minds always included pencil skirts and sweater blouses. The idea of them in a backless top and a mini skirt, grinding against a tattooed guy… Yeah, that never comes to mind. "Thank you for doing this," Bella addressed us, bringing me back to the present. "I'm sure you all had better plans for Halloween, but if Alice was half as persistent with you as she was with me, I can't imagine having any choice in the matter." She teased us with a wink, and we laughed, but it was a little off. Because what Mrs. Cullen… Bella didn't seem to realize, or chose to ignore, was that Alice Cullen-Whitlock was an unstoppable force of nature when she wanted something done. There was no need for her persistence. All she had to do was send out an order and there was just no refusing her. Bella stepped forward to make introductions to my crew for the day- Mike, our cameraman, and his three assistants, Jessica, Lauren and Eric. I watched, equal parts amused and irritated, as Mike held on to Bella's hand a beat longer than required. "It's a pleasure to meet you," he said with what he considered his most charming smile, but in all honestly, it just made me want to punch him in the stomach. At forty, he viewed himself as a serial Lothario, and I would never have chosen him for this assignment but for the fact that besides Tyler, he was the best cameraman we had. And Tyler was most definitely not available today. Jessica and Lauren said their hellos. "It's no trouble at all. We're always here for whatever Alice requires of us." Yeah, those two sluts were the biggest ass kissers I'd ever had the misfortune of encountering. I sighed. I sounded like a bitch. I wasn't always on the warpath against everyone I came across. I was just having a really bad day. " Can you please stop nagging me for one fucking minute? I feel like it's all you do these days. You wanted this, Angela. You wanted this. It was your decision, not mine." Tyler's voice echoed in my head. No, not now. I couldn't think about Tyler while I had a job to do. Mike and his crew followed Alice as she took them on a tour of the house, to decide which rooms, angles, etc. they wanted to use for the shots. Bella invited me over to the couch, and took a seat next to me. My eyes couldn't help but shift over to the proud pumpkin sitting on its throne. Bella followed my gaze and smiled fondly. "So what family traditions have we managed to pull you away from?" Bella asked me. "I'm sorry, what?" "What do your folks do for Halloween?" "Umm," I hesitated. The truth was, at one point of time, festivals had been an integral part of the Weber household. Mom would search for the best recipes in Grandma's books and treat us all to a lavish meal. It changed, slowly, gradually, when first my brothers and then I moved away for our respective colleges and jobs. Another contributing factor to that change… My mom's new passion. Fanfiction. Yeah, I was one of the blissfully unaware people when it came to the world of Fanfiction. Until my mom read the Twilight book, devoured the movies, practically drooled over a shiny vampire guy and then became addicted to more stories that didn't even have anything to do with the original ones. I mean, a guy who sparkles? Like, everywhere? Seriously? And how many times can you read about the same characters over and over? I failed to understand it. But, it was extremely important to her. That was why my parents were currently on the other side of the country, where Mom had attended a Twific Meetup last week. Apparently, hundreds of other ladies, who were as crazy about the Twilight series as her, if not more, were going to be there. It was the second time Mom had gone. She told me that she was quite a celebrity in their world and did not want to miss out on the chance to see her "fans". It was a testament to my Dad's love for her that he'd not even flinched when she mentioned making it a trip for the both of them. I didn't think I could explain all of this to Bella and come out on the other side with my reputation intact. So I simply said, "We're not too big on Halloween." Bella frowned. "Really?" "Yeah, I mean, a family gathering is a must for Christmas and Thanksgiving, but Halloween, not too much. There are no little kids in our family. Maybe if there were, it would be a bigger deal." "I guess that makes sense." She paused for a second and then smiled sheepishly. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to be pry. It's just… well, Halloween has always been very important for my husband and me. It's a little difficult for me to imagine not celebrating it. I'm not offending you, am I? Because I really don't mean to do that." I chuckled. "No, don't worry about it. And I'd love to hear your Halloween stories. That's what I'm here for, after all." Bella puffed out a breath, her expression now apprehensive. "Yeah, the interview. I have no idea how these things are done and what the heck I'm supposed to do here." "I told you not to worry about that," Alice said as she returned with the group. With a flick of her hand, she indicated Mike to set up his equipment and he promptly got to work with his minions. Alice took a seat next to Bella on the other side of the sofa and held her hand. "You've been waiting for this day for a long time, honey. We all have. This is my gift to you and Edward for his homecoming. Trust me, you'll not want to miss a single moment of this day and my team will make sure you don't. It's like when you host a party. You plan and plan everything to perfection, check, recheck, supervise, and mingle with the crowd, but you don't get that feeling of satisfaction and enjoyment until the last guest has gone home happy and you revisit the entire event through your memories. You are going to be stressed out all day today, I know. We're doing this so that tomorrow, once Edward has had a good night's sleep in the comfort of his own home, the two of you can sit back, relax, and watch the video. You will be able to relive all of your happy memories and this very important day for the rest of your life." I watched, touched, as Bella wiped at the tears that had spilled over her cheeks. "That sounds like heaven," she whispered and reached out to hug Alice. "Thank you." I got up to give them some privacy. Mike briefed me on what he and Alice had decided to do and I made a mental note of it all, while Jess, Lauren and Eric set up the lights. My ears perked up when I heard Alice mention my name. "Angela is one of the most promising interns I've worked with. She'll have you pouring out your entire life story in no time, you'll see." My eyes widened comically at Alice's praise. Eric looked over at me with a smile, and mouthed "Way to go!" On the other hand, I could feel the malicious glares of the ass-kissing twins boring into my skull. Psst! Like I care! Alice Cullen-Whitlock had just called me "promising." Despite the shitty start, this day was turning out to be quite good. Now, if only the