Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Halloween, 1985 "We'll be back around eleven." Mama shrugged on her coat with Daddy's help. "Are you sure you'll be okay by yourself?" I tried not to roll my eyes, knowing she meant well. "I'll be fine, Mama. It won't be my first time home alone." "But it's Halloween." She frowned in the general direction of the street. "And you know how rowdy these kids get." "And they know we give out raisins and dental floss." Daddy winked. "She'll be fine." "I could ask Jacob to come stay with you." Mama turned away to check her reflection. "He wouldn't mind." I did roll my eyes that time. "Izzy Swan is having a party, Ma. The last thing Jake wants to do tonight is babysit his little cousin." She looked at me. "You weren't invited?" "A sixth grader at a high school party? I don't think so." "And you're sure you'll be okay here alone?" "I promise. And if I need anything, I'll get Mrs. Cope from next door." "You'll keep the front door locked?" "Yes." "And not open it to strangers?" "Yes. I mean, no." I smiled. "No, I won't open it to strangers." "And you'll sit in one spot with your hands folded neatly in your lap and only take bathroom breaks when absolutely necessary?" Daddy asked. "Harry!" "What? We are preparing her for a hostage situation, right?" Mama shooed Daddy out of the way, pulling me in for a hug. "I love you, Leah." "I love you too, Mama. Have fun." "Fat chance of that." Daddy adjusted his hat. "These so-called charity events are just glorified pissing contests." "Honestly, Harry!" Mama swatted Daddy with her purse. "You need to keep it clean." "That was the clean version." He winked at me. "Have fun, kiddo." Once the door closed, I locked it behind me and closed the curtain. The revelry outside increased, but there was no sense in making our home look inviting. We didn't celebrate Halloween, and I refused to run to the door every five minutes for the next two hours to greet the same people who wouldn't give me the time of day tomorrow at school. Let's see how they liked being ignored. Turning off the living room light, I went upstairs to finish my homework. I would likely be the only one prepared for tomorrow's geography test, but what else was new? After converting the last set of fractions to decimals, I vacuumed the hallway and emptied the dryer, snagging a fresh set of towels for my shower. Clad in my favorite jammies, I flew downstairs in preparation for the only good thing about Halloween. The Great Pumpkin. A Charlie Brown Christmas is the definitive holiday classic, and the Thanksgiving special reminds me of the time we let Daddy make dinner. But It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown was my favorite Peanuts cartoon of all-time. Something about Linus's faith, the way he holds out hope for something good even if no one else can relate...it speaks to me. I waited impatiently all year for The Great Pumpkin and felt doubly special when it aired on Halloween night. And getting to watch it on the big TV in the den made me feel like a kid on Christmas…which they were already advertising. Setting the popcorn popper on the kitchen island, I was on my way to grab the jar of kernels when there was a tentative knock on the back door. The outside rabble had stopped knocking on the front door a half hour ago, but no one ever dared come around back. I wasn't afraid, but I grabbed the broom from the corner before creeping toward the door. Mrs. Cope was a shout away, and Daddy said I had the lungs of a dramatic soprano. I blew out a steadying breath and leaned against the door. "Who is it?" "Edward." My grip on the broom handle tightened but not from fear. "Edward who?" "Masen." He cleared his throat. "Edward Masen." "What are you…what are you doing back there? You could have been anyone and…" "Could you open the door? I hear your voice but can't understand what you're saying." I looked around the kitchen, searching for a sign of what to do. Edward Masen, Edward-freakin-Masen was at my back door, and I didn't know whether to pass out or punch him. He was one of Them, that crowd of effortlessly popular kids at my school who made my invisibility that much more painful. He was the worst of all because he just moved in across the street at the end of summer and already had more friends than I had in seven years of school, including kindergarten. And if that weren't enough, my stupid heart had this habit of beating like crazy whenever he was around. "Leah?" He knocked again. "Are you still there?" "Yeah. Just...just hold on!" I ran up to my room and threw on the first presentable top and bottom I could find. Not even in my wildest dreams would I want Edward to see me in my jammies. Not even my super-cute ones with the prancing ponies. I smoothed back my hair and flew back to the door, gripping the handle with a steadying breath. Then I had a thought. "This isn't a trick, is it?" I asked. "A what?" "Like, you aren't trying to get me to open the door so you can squirt me in the face with pickle juice or something, are you?" He sounded offended. "Why would I do that?" "I don't know. People do ridiculous things sometimes." "Like have long conversations through a locked door? Come on, Leah. Let me in." "Put your hands up first." "My what?" "Your hands!" I shouted. "Put them up where I can see them." I stood on tiptoe and looked through the window, amused by the annoyance on his face. "Is this good enough?" he asked. "Higher." He shook his head but did so anyway, and I discovered a new favorite game. "Now jump up and down." "What?" "Jump up and down, like really hard. I want to make sure there are no weapons in your pockets." He dropped his hands. "This is stupid." "You're knocking on my backdoor on the scariest night of the year asking me to let you in. I'd be stupid not to make you do this." Edward frowned, muttering something I didn't catch, and I thought I went too far. Then to my great astonishment, he raised his hands above his head. "I'm only doing this once," he groused. I tried to keep the glee from my voice. "I'll take it." Rolling his eyes, he jumped high and stomped the ground once, hard enough to dislodge the hood from his head. As he fixed his clothes, I opened the door with a smile. "Was that so hard?" He wasn't amused. "Do you want me to stand on my head too?" "That won't be necessary." He shoved his hands in his pockets with a glare, and though I didn't think it possible, he was more adorable than usual when aggravated. Definitely something to remember in the future. "Now." I leaned against the doorjamb. "What can I do for you?" "I'm locked out, and my dad won't be home for another few hours." He frowned. "Why are you holding a broom?" "It's part of my witch costume." I set the needless broom to the side. "Where's your house key?" "In my room. I thought it was in my pocket, but this isn't the hoodie I wore to school today." No, it wasn't. Today's hoodie was heather gray with a white zipper and a faded oil stain on the left pocket. Or something. "So you're locked out. Why did you come here?" He looked away, rubbing his arm. "Because you're the only one home." I knew ignoring Halloween would pay off one day! "When is your dad getting back?" "Whenever that hospital fundraiser is over. Aren't your parents there too?" I nodded, trying not to be flattered that he knew. "And I promised them I wouldn't open my door to strangers." "But I'm not a stranger. I live over there and sit three rows behind you in Mr. Varner's class." He snapped his fingers as if remembering something. "And while I'm here, we can study for that geography test." "I did that already." "Of course you did. Forgot who I was talking to." It sounded like a compliment, so I hid my blush as he looked at his watch. "Could you just let me in? I think Halloween is for babies, but Charlie Brown is about to come on, and I…" "Charlie Brown?" "You know, Linus and the Great Pumpkin . Why are you looking at me like that?" "Because I…" think I'm going to pass out. "...forgot that was on tonight." "Well, it is. And I don't want to miss it. Let me in now, and I'll leave when it's over. Okay?" I didn't trust myself to speak, so I stepped aside, inviting him in with a sweep of my hand. "Thanks." He was shivering. "It was getting cold out." "Where's your jacket? Wait, let me guess. In your room." "I was only going out for a second. Didn't think I'd need it." I closed the door behind him, and it sounded like a thunderclap in the silence. "We can go in the den, if that's cool," I said. "Yeah, that's cool." I let him go in first, wanting to make sure this was real. If I were dreaming and I went first, he might turn into a boil-covered behemoth when I turned around. But if I kept my eyes on him, maybe he wouldn't morph into something wild and crazy. Having this beautiful boy in my house when my parents weren't home was wild and crazy enough. My diary will never believe this! "Sit wherever you want." I clicked on the television. "I think this is the right channel. And if it's up too loud, the remote is right there." "Thanks." He unzipped his hoodie. "Where are you going?" "I, uh…I was about to make some popcorn." "I'll come too." He tossed the red hoodie onto the sofa, knighting it my new favorite spot in the entire universe. "If that's cool." "Yeah." I returned his small smile. "That's cool." Now certain he wouldn't evaporate, I led Edward back to the kitchen. Retrieving the popcorn jar from the pantry, I plugged up the popper and grabbed a measuring cup. "Nice kitchen." He glanced around at the curtains and dish towels. "Very…homey." "Thanks." I poured the kernels into the top of the air popper. "Mama likes anything with roses on them." "Do you? Like roses, I mean." "No. I mean, I don't know. I'm not really into flowers, so I've never thought about it." I flipped on the popper. "Do you like roses?" "Nah. I'm a gardenia man myself." I looked at him in confusion, and he laughed. "You should see your face! Like I know what a gardenia is." "Maybe you do. Nothing wrong with a boy who likes flowers." "Excuse you. I am a man." "Right. A man who locked himself out of the house." Instead of replying, he strolled toward my fridge with his hands behind his back. Ignoring the magnets and take-out menus, he bent to inspect a photo. "Where was this one taken?" I cringed. "My uncle's wedding." "And you were a…" "I was the flower girl." "Carrying a basket of orange daisies, of course you were." He leaned forward and squinted. "Are those green polka dots?" I could have died. "Yes." "On an orange dress?" "Yes." "With one…two…three…four…" "Nine layers of polka-dotted tulle beneath the skirt? Yes." He glanced at me. "The cape is a nice touch." I rolled my eyes. "Shut up and get a big bowl from the cabinet above the sink." He