Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Long Live the Pumpkin King! Alice's Pumpkin Bash Weekend Start your Halloween off with some spice Friday, October 30th at six o'clock in the evening Masquerade party at the abandoned house at Tiger Mountain Forest Be sure to wear your best Tim Burton or creepy fairytale characters Saturday, October 31st at five o' clock in the evening Haunted hayrack ride and haunted house Location revealed by text the morning of After we are thoroughly scared by our surroundings, It's back to my house for movies and drinks! Come as a couple or stag, as long as you're not a drag. Let the Nightmare Before Christmas begin! I flip over the invite and see directions to both the abandoned house and Alice's, though I don't need them for her place. Alice has been my best friend since our first day of high school in Forks, Washington. The pixie has a knack for saying what she thinks but making you like her at the same time. This year's bash will be no different than last year's. Alice knows I hate to dress up, but I've come around since I grew into my own skin and matured. Edward, Alice's twin brother and my boyfriend, loves me and my womanly curves and that's what matters, right? I sigh and walk into my kitchen, placing the invite on my fridge right next to the Cullen/Whitlock wedding invitation. Alice and her fiancée Jasper have been together for as long as I can remember, and I'm surprised they haven't tied the knot yet—especially since this is our third year out of college. Thankfully, Valentine's Day 2016 isn't too far away. Alice can't do any party or event half-assed, which is why all of the major holidays from Halloween to New Year's—including the days between—were out for potential wedding dates. The fact that we teach high school kids the rest of the time had made wedding planning difficult for her as well. This "pumpkin bash weekend" is in one month. I'm glad she gave everyone a decent amount of time to come up with something acceptable to wear. I already have an idea forming, but I have to talk to Edward about it. Since this is Alice's party and she probably already has her costume planned, I'll call the King's mistress herself for now. The last thing I want to do is step on those toes. It rings a few times before she answers. "Hello, hello!" "Hey, I just got your invite. I'm assuming you know what you're going as?" "Yes, I do! I'm going as Alice from 'Alice in Wonderland'!" I laugh. "Of course. How stupid of me?" I say with as much sarcasm as I can muster. "What's Jasper going as?" "He'll be the white rabbit,"She giggles. "It's only fitting since he's pale with blonde hair." Again, how stupid of me. "Okay. Do you have a suggestion for Edward and me?" She hums for a few seconds before coming back with, "I think Edward should be Stayne, the Knave of Hearts, and you the Red Queen." "Is anyone allowed to be the Pumpkin King himself? I mean, that is kind of the theme, isn't it?" There goes my idea of going as Sally and Jack. "Tim Burton and fairytales are the theme. It just seemed fitting to put those movie references on the invite. Anyway, I have plans for my bridal party to be in the same movie as the soon-to-be newlyweds."I can actually hear Alice pouting as she says this. I sigh into the phone. "Fine, okay. We'll be the Red Queen and Stayne, but I'm drawing the line at making my head look bigger. I won't do that." She agrees and we go to hang up, but she stops me. "Don't forget masks!" I laugh. "We won't. Goodbye, Alice." "Bye!" After we hang up, I shoot Edward a text, telling him all about his sisters' plan. He hates dressing up in costumes more than I do. I think this stems from their childhood and Alice's need to have someone to experiment on. I will say that her experiments made for some funny and embarrassing photos later on. Once we talk and he reluctantly agrees—though he says this is the last year—I decide to look on Pinterest. I could spend hours on this site and not look anywhere else, so it's a good place to start. I'm surprised by Alice's costume selection for herself and Jasper. I thought they would go as the Corpse Bride couple or something from Coraline. Now I'm curious to see what Rose and Emmett are supposed to be. I find several good ideas for mine, but I don't know if I really want to wear a corset. Besides, this is Washington and it's already chilly outside. I don't want the only covering on my legs to be stockings, leggings, or my skirt's train. The make-up looks easy, but I'll have to buy the rest of the outfit at some costume store. I couldn't find anything for Edward. There just wasn't anything that I liked and I knew he would hate the only option I did find. I guess we're going to have to come up with something better. I spent the last week going from store to store in search of the perfect items, and now I finally have my costume. I even found both my and Edward's masks, which consist of several red hearts that are connected to one another and a black mask with a big red heart over one eye. Okay, so I actually bought Edward a plain black mask and plan to put the heart on myself. I couldn't find one that was masculine enough, and now I'm thinking I should take the easy way out for his outfit. Maybe it would be best to have him wear an old suit and attach hearts in the correct spots or something. I don't want to piss Alice or Edward off, but I have to do something. It's all about compromise, right? I spend another week talking to Edward and showing him what I find in stores through text. By Friday the 16th, we come to the decision that he will wear some gothic type vampire vest and black dress pants. He said he'd ask Jasper if he could borrow a pair of his crazy, pointed black Mexican boots. I wonder if this is going to look good because the visual in my head doesn't. Either way, I'm sure we can pull it off. The ringing of my cell jars me from my sleep. Mumbling and feeling around blindly for the damn thing, I finally get it and answer. "Yeah?" "Bella! I need your help finding some great party snacks and alcohol that will fit the theme," Alice says desperately. "Alice, it's Sunday morning," I look at the time, "and it's seven-thirty. I would like to sleep in. Besides, why me? Can't Jasper help?" I whine. Edward rolls over, drapes an arm across my middle, pulls my backside tight against his front, and buries his nose in my neck. "No, he can't! He has some extra things to do with Edward, Emmett and the football team. I guess they need to get ready for a game against that one team they'll see if they make the playoffs,"she says, mentioning our other friend, Emmett, who used to be a linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks. He took a bad hit that damaged his spine in his rookie year, which ended his career. I groan. "Fine. When do you want me?" I hear a muffled "always" behind me and it makes me snort. "Thank you, thank you, thank you! Okay, I can be nice and say eleven. That way you can take your time and enjoy the rest of your morning." "Okay, I'll see you then. Bye." I hang up and try to get comfortable again. "What did that evil sprite want now?" I hear from behind me. I sigh. "Apparently since you, Jasper and Em have some football stuff to deal with, I need to help her with party snacks and drinks. She's being nice and giving me until eleven." "That sounds great since we three need to be at the school by noon." I hum in response and try to borough into him more. "If you don't stop that, you won't get any more sleep," he grits out. I just giggle and wiggle my naked self a little more. I can sleep when I'm dead. I feel Edward snake his hand over my hip and settle it between my legs. His fingers make contact with my clit and he starts to rub lightly. I sigh at the sensation and lift my leg to give him better access. I grip my breast and play with my nipple, making it pebble. I pinch and rub, adding to my pleasure. He rubs my nub faster and I start to get close. My breathing speeds up, my body starts to tense, and my toes curl. He pulls his hand away but I don't have time to be sad about it before he's positioned at my entrance, pushing himself inside. We both moan at the feeling. "Fuck." I reach my hand up and back to find his head, weaving my fingers through and fisting his hair. His left hand is on my hip while he thrusts slowly and he slides his right arm under me to grab my breast. "Touch yourself, baby. Make yourself come." I take my right hand—the arm I was laying on—and do as asked, leaving my other hand still in his hair. It only takes a minute before I'm finally coming, which makes him grunt and speed up his own movements. As I come down from my high, Edward rolls me over onto my stomach, still inside me. I bring my arms up beside my head, sliding them under my pillow and gripping it. I arch my back a little and raise my ass up just enough for him to go deeper, but keep my whole chest pressed against the bed. He grabs both ass cheeks, giving them a big squeeze and saying, "Fuck, I love this perfect ass of yours." I giggle, because the man just can't help it. Edward leans forward then, placing his arms on either side of my shoulders. He kisses and lightly bites one as he pulls out and pushes back in with a force that makes me moan. I love it this way because he hits that spot just right practically every time. I'm gripping the pillow hard as he slowly, but forcefully thrusts that glorious cock in and out. I start to get close again and his movements speed up, making the headboard bang against the wall. Our heavy breathing and moans fill the room and before I know it, my voice is louder than before. "Ahhh! Fuck!" I whimper out as my orgasm crashes over me. "Fuck, yes! Come, baby," I faintly hear Edward in my ear. His thrusts become erratic and he bites my shoulder again when he comes, barely holding in his groan. He pulls out slightly, only to push back in once more. We stay this way, catching our breath, for a couple minutes longer. When Edward pulls out, he rolls over to lie on his back while I crawl off of our bed on shaky legs to head for the bathroom. I do my business and clean up. I've just flushed when Edward knocks and comes in, saying it's his turn. He gives me a kiss and smacks my ass as he walks by. He's an ass man, what can I say? Now that I'm awake, I get some clothes set out for after my shower. It's still Sunday and, other than Alice's, I don't have any other plans for the day. Comfy clothes consisting of yoga pants, a tank top