Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Sleepy Hollow "Bella, c'mon. We're going to be late!" Angela yelled out across the parking lot of our Columbia dorm. She waved at me impatiently while throwing her duffel bag into her boyfriend Ben's car. Angela and I had met as dorm mates our freshman year. We'd both been quiet, studious, and attending on academic scholarships, so a great friendship had been born. But while Angela had found the true love of her life in a fellow pre-med student Ben, I'd gone through the three prior years of our college tenure without a man in my life. Well, that is if you didn't count Jacob - my best friend, turned wanna-be boyfriend. He visited as often as he could, considering we were living across the country from one another. It was my turn to make the trip back to Forks at Thanksgiving, but considering how Jacob had left New York in a huff the week prior, I didn't know if I wanted to go or not. He was growing more and more agitated with my inability to see him as anything other than a brother. And while I might want to strangle him on a regular basis, Jake really was a good part of my high school years. My mother, Renee, had dropped me off to live with my taciturn father, Charlie, when I'd completed my final year in middle school. A flake by anyone's definition, my mother had love in spades, but stability, not so much. While she'd flitted around the United States with her much younger baseball- playing boyfriend, I'd returned home to the man who'd made me feel like a princess . . . in his quiet, unassuming way. Renee and her boyfriend, Phil, were killed in a motorcycle accident at the end of my freshman year in high school, leaving me memories of a wonderful, but slightly chaotic, mother. Charlie had been my savior, until God called him home my senior year in high school. I would never forget his deputy Mark's face when I'd opened the door. Hat in hand, he'd been struck speechless. My father had died attempting to rescue a baby from a burning car. Neither had survived the explosion. My heart hadn't either. I'd turned eighteen the month before, so no one could force me to leave the house, not even Jacob and his father, Billy, who was my dad's best friend. They'd watched over me and spent many nights in my home, but it had been at my discretion, no one else's. The money from Charlie's insurance, alongside scholarships, was financing college and hopefully graduate school, if my application to Columbia's Journalism program proved successful. "'Bout time," Angela lamented as I threw my bag into the trunk of Ben's Toyota. Her attempt at being grumpy was totally ruined by the blinding smile she sent me before squealing and folding me into her embrace. "I can't believe we finally talked you into this!" Sliding into the back seat of Ben's baby as soon as she released me, I rolled my eyes. "Yay!" I cheered in the most sarcastic voice I could manage, belying how excited I was about the road trip. "Now, c'mon, Bella. You are so going to totally love this. Ben got us reservations at one of the nicer inns in Sleepy Hollow, and we have tickets for the tour Google claimed was the best. Isn't this going to be better than spending Halloween holed up in the dorm while everyone else parties?" "Sure." Not. She and Ben had been attempting to get me to go on this gig for three years now, and she'd only guilted me into it by pulling out the tears and reminding me this could be our last Halloween together. Angela was determined to go to medical school, and she was looking into Harvard. With her grades, it was likely she'd make it, too. My heart had lurched at the realization I'd be losing her soon, like everyone else in my life, and in a moment of weakness, I'd agreed to the weekend trip. She and Ben were all into watching a television show that documented the trials and tribulations of a very handsome and properly British Ichabod Crane as he battled against the evil forces threatening the town and humankind as we know it. Angela's sweet, romantic heart was devastated by the fact the same forces had separated Ichabod from his true love, Katrina, and that Ichabod fought valiantly to be reunited with her, only to be foiled time and time again. A gorgeous, romantic hero. A feisty heroine. A romance doomed by fate and dark forces. A love searching for a way to be complete. It was the perfect story line to warm anyone's heart and inspire lurid fantasies. Blah . . . bittersweet, angst-ridden love, I thought, then giggled as Ben drove carefully out of New York City headed to the town of North Tarrytown – which had adopted the name of Sleepy Hollow in 1996 to honor its famous son, Washington Irving, the author of "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow." Angela was a romantic. Me, not so much. That I was scarred from losing my parents wasn't something I would deny, but I wasn't a total loss. I believed in love; it was just I hadn't found that special someone who'd convince me of the possibility of forever. Watching the show with Angela had made my heart hurt. The man had been torn away from his love by evil, forever separated, but constantly searching for his way back. Knowing my luck with love, I'd never find that level of devotion and belonging. Sighing, I realized I was already sliding into a negative frame of mind after promising Angela to enjoy myself. How much would it cost me to go along with her enthusiasm ? I asked, and smiled at the answer. Nothing but a weekend with my bestie and her boy. Settling in for the hour-plus trip north, I decided to quit being a sourpuss. So when Angela put on some old-school Beastie Boys, much to Ben's regret, I belted out the songs along with her as the miles passed us by. ~SH~ The town of Sleepy Hollow had character. Quaint houses sat on narrow streets crowded by large oaks, their limbs stripped of leaves by the October winds and dangling down like fingers ready to ensnare someone. Everywhere I looked, scarecrow decorations and pumpkin pyramids lightened the gloom, welcoming visitors with a riot of fall colors. The picturesque shops all had window signs declaring their tours to be the best and touting the Halloween Night extravaganzas. Most of the advertisements were decorated with ghouls and goblins, but they always featured a silhouette of a man dressed in black astride a horse. There was even a large statue of the Headless Horseman in a small grassy median. It was larger than life and done in black metal which added to the menace. He'd been depicted as a tall, slender man, his hips narrow, but with broad shoulders and muscled thighs. The strongly built horse had reared on its back legs, the front hoofs poised as if to strike, while the adept horseman held aloft one hand, managing the reins of the bridle with the other. As if to discredit the terrifying myth, someone had carved a pumpkin and placed it around whatever the horseman held in his hand. To add even more joviality, instead of a ghoulish face, the Jack-O-Lantern had a cocky grin with a sole tooth. I wondered what the tourism people thought about the vandal's humor, considering the allure of the terrifying horseman was their draw. As for me, the horseman was mesmerizing. I felt the inexplicable need to approach the statue and really look at it, touch it. There was something sad about him, bittersweet but intriguing. It was if he called to me. My heart throbbed unexplainably as I turned in the seat to continue gazing upon the statue and felt lost when it faded into the distance. How silly , I thought and shook my head. Not much further, we passed a pretty stone building and a sign at the side of the road declared it was the Old Dutch Church, established in 1907. A glimmer of light at the corner of the structure caught my attention, and I pressed closer to the window to see if I could discover the source. The weather was overcast, the dull grey clouds adding to the ambience of Halloween Day, but I doubted the brief flickers of sunlight that did filter through would explain anything. Seeing the backs of a couple walking to the side of the church, I reasoned the tiny dark headed woman must have been looking in a mirror while the tall blond man guided her. Suddenly she turned, staring straight toward me. I couldn't see her face clearly, but I swear I felt her eyes scanning me. The man leaned over and touched her shoulder and a smile sliced across her pale face. Turning toward me at something the woman said, he cocked his head. They disappeared from my sight as we continued down the road. "Our Inn is just up ahead," Ben announced. He then literally vibrated in his seat. "Look! Mythbusters is here!" He pointed to a van with the white lettering of the show outlined in red. Observing the crazy activity around the parked vehicle, I shook my head. "I thought they only investigated claims of science?" Ben scoffed. "Well, Adam is from Sleepy Hollow, so maybe he came home to do a Halloween special. And the study of spirits could be considered science." "Adam?" Angela's voice rose. "Adam Savage, the co-host." "Can I tell you how lame it makes you sound, considering you refer to him by his first name, as if you know him?" She finally had a moment of sanity, and I snickered at the stunned look on Ben's face. "Should we talk about how and when you call out Ichabod's name?" he raised an eyebrow at her, causing Angela to shriek. "TMI!" I shouted, laughing over their teasing. In my opinion, she and Ben watched entirely too much television. It did my heart good to see him playfully flick his hand at her, and her responding love-tap to his shoulder. At the next light, Siri told Ben to turn, and we entered into an older residential area. Our bed and breakfast was located at the end of the street. It was a gorgeous stone and brick home that most likely dated back to the early 1900s. Whoever owned it had restored it nicely. Our check-in was quick and painless, and Angela had no more allowed me to throw my bag across the bed before she and Ben were at my door wanting to spend the rest of the afternoon touring the village and town. "We'll eat something in town. I'm too excited to stay around here," she responded when I mentioned lunch. Pulling a piece of paper out of her pocket, she listed all the things we "needed" to do to consider our stay a success before dragging me by my hand out into the cool air. ~SH~ My feet hurt, my legs ached, I was thirsty and tired, and these were only a few of the things I wanted to grumble about when I slammed the door in Angela's grinning face. She and Ben had put me through hell. We'd visited every shop and done the typical tours, only to end up at Van Cortlandt Manor at dusk to see The Blaze – an exhibit where at least a thousand carved pumpkins were on fiery display. She was allowing me . . . allowing me . . . an hour of free time to do whatever I wanted before we headed out to the church for a graveyard tour