Most legends are born when the storyteller needs to captivate their audience, make their story come to life. But for Bella Swan, a real life legend is about to become all too real. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Moonlight Castle "Come on, Bella." Alex begged, puppy dog eyes in full force and bottom lip puffed out so far he could trip on it. "It's supposed to be the perfect year to see it." "That's what you said last year." I retorted, hoping I could once again get out of the adolescent game he wanted to play. "Yes, and last year you swore we could do it this year." I sighed in defeat. He was right, I had agreed to go with him and his friends to Castle Cullen. Technically, I had gone last year, only to have a rain storm create a mudslide that removed the trail. As much as I complain about the near constant rain here in Washington, I was thanking the heavens above for it that night. When I moved to Washington nearly three years ago, I noticed on one rare clear day, a rock on the ridge of the mountain. The sun's rays illuminating what could only be described as the tower of a castle rising from the top of the normally hidden mountain top. When I questioned what I was looking at, I was told of the legend. Where Salem had the witch trials and Texas had its chain saw massacre, Washington had a haunted castle. Many years ago—no one can agree on how long—a very wealthy man bought all the land along the shore, including the mountain. He wanted to have a secluded place to come and relax. Legend has it, he wanted to fashion his retreat after the castle he grew up in. Being so fixated on privacy and security, the entrance is only visible during a full moon. Allegedly, there was a painting which hung over one of the enormous fireplaces displaying its creator and the love of his life. Many young people have made the attempt to find the entrance, but there were no stories of anyone who had found it. Other stories told of a curse placed on the castle by a woman who sought out the man's attention, only to be refused and shamed. Rumors spoke of a monstrous figure which loomed in dark corners, feasting on beautiful, young women. Although no missing person reports had been filed in the area for over twenty years. I lowered my head and agreed. "You're right. I'll do it." My apprehension wasn't due to the climb to the top of a mountain or traipsing through the woods after dark. It was silly really, most likely my imagination was fueled by the various scary stories which would always surface this time of year. After we deemed the climb was not going to happen last year, Alec, Jessica, Mike and myself, stood at the bottom of the rocks and watched as the clouds rolled away revealing the silhouette of an iron gate. Alec was sure it was the entrance and cursed the fallen rocks and mudslide for nearly twenty minutes. I couldn't understand why he was so upset over not being able to reach the top. His plan, I later found out, was to locate the entrance, find the painting and sell it. He had spent the past few years researching how valuable it could possibly be. He swore me to secrecy, saying it was for the future he wanted to have with me. A future I wasn't so certain I wanted to have with him. A few days after the failed visit, I noticed strange things starting to happen. Books Alec would have open and reading would disappear, resurfacing later in odd places; like the top of a cabinet or inside a closet. Single flower stems would be found on the windshield of my car, even when Alec was out of town. The source of my apprehension, the fact that I was concerned for a faceless man who probably died a hundred years ago was created into this monster to scare poor children. But the stories and the strange goings on didn't keep me from looking in the direction of the castle every morning as I got into my car. "Bella, you need to be ready to go no later than seven thirty." Alec, the self-proclaimed mastermind of this 'mission' as he coined it, instructed me for the hundredth time today. I was ready to tell him where he could stick his plan, but my need to see this castle overruled my common sense. "I will be here and on time." Appeasing him was just easier, much like avoiding the much needed break up conversation I had planned out in my head. Alec was the first guy to make an effort to get to know me when I moved here. Packing up your whole life and hitting the road with no real destination in mind was most likely not the smartest idea I'd ever had. At the time, I could only see getting away from the ghosts which haunted me. Growing up in a small town in Arizona, I had the textbook life as far as childhood goes. Mom and Dad gave me everything I needed and wanted. I had friends and enjoyed a boyfriend or two. No terrible stories of abuse or neglect, no gilded love when my romantic relationships ended. Everything changed, however, when a fire broke out during a summer concert, killing both of my parents. I was handed a big check and meaningless words of sorrow. After the estate was settled and everyone had gone back to their own lives, I found I couldn't stand the memories surrounding me. Six days later, I pulled into the parking lot of the town diner in the City of Forks and took my first deep breath since saying goodbye to the only life I'd ever known. What seemed like a minute later, I purchased a small home and went to work in the local travel office, meeting Alec and Jessica. "Make sure you have good boots," he continued as he packed a flashlight into his backpack. "This year nothing is going to keep me away from that gate." Alec had not only discovered information about the value of the alleged painting, but possibly the name of the man who'd built the fortress. Edward Cullen, a merchant from Ireland, used several of his ships to discover new trading routes, while avoiding the pirate infested waters of the straits used at the time. Supposedly, Cullen had built several other castles in various countries along the new route he found. Alec had no real proof the castle on our mountain was that of Edward Cullen. However, there were many similarities between the legends we have here and the facts regarding Cullen's journey. Except for one minor detail. In the late 1600's Cullen embarked on a trade deal with an Italian landowner, Carlos De Cigno. Carlos had three daughters; Maria, Sophia, and Isabella. Maria being the oldest was promised to a Duke in South Wales. Sophia, being the middle daughter, demanded to be paired with Cullen. However, he found her to be lacking in too many areas and paid handsomely for Isabella's hand. During their courtship, he commissioned a painter, Sir James Huntington, to create a portrait of himself and his future bride. When it was complete, he sent it back to his home to hang as gift to his new wife when she entered their dwelling after the wedding. Sophia being a scorned and jealous woman, stowed away on the ship with Cullen as he left to prepare a home for he and Isabella. When she was discovered, Cullen turned the ship around, sailing back to return her to her father. Sophia was none too pleased and tossed herself into the water, but not before setting the ship on fire killing every man on board. When she returned to her father, she told Isabella of her betrothed's death. Isabella was so distraught, she jumped from a cliff to her death. While the portrait was indeed hung in the great hall of his castle in Ireland, it mysteriously vanished one month after Cullen died. Another mystery, Sir James Huntington was reported missing by his staff five years before the painting was commissioned, making the story seemingly...impossible. If, in fact, this was the painting created by a missing man, of a girl who never married the love of her life, it would be priceless. A fact Alec was counting on. We were due to meet on old Route 101, at a turn off blocked many years ago by the family who owned the property, the Clearwater's. Seth Clearwater, the eldest son and current caretaker, told stories of finding wild animals and deer remains, half buried in the woods surrounding his property. Since he had been arrested a few times on drug distribution charges, no one actually believed his tales of seeing a man flying in the trees. He was standing just on the line of the trees which separate the road from the rocky terrain of the mountain. I reached for my own backpack from the seat beside me. I noticed Alec walking in my direction, although I didn't see Mike or Jessica or their cars. "Hey." Alec greeted, his face more serious than it was earlier this afternoon. "Hey, where is everyone?" I wondered, as I discreetly checked the time on my watch. "Jessica and Mike are going on some haunted hay ride instead." He shrugged his shoulders, the aggravation clear in his voice. "So it's just you and me." The rumbling of an impending rainstorm could be heard in the distance. Alec led me to the opposite side of the tree line where the Jeep he purchased last year was waiting. After I was firmly strapped in, he turned the key in the ignition, bringing the ancient beast to life. Alec had driven this particular road many times, enough that he didn't really need headlights to navigate. His Jeep rode effortlessly along the skinny trails, rolling over rocks and ground cover as if they were nothing. Finally, we reached the large pile of rock and dried earth. Ferns and vines now staked claim to the side effects of the landslide. As we stepped out of the vehicle, I could hear the river roaring to my left. Walking a few feet over, I looked over the cliff to see but it was too dark and the cliff too high to see the river below. A chill ran up my spine at the thought of falling over the edge. Alec wasted no time and began his climb over the boulders, scaling them with ease, not waiting to see if I'd even gotten out of the car okay. The moon was full, casting an almost eerie glow around the forest. The sound of an owl off in the distance was followed by the chilling sound of a wolf howling. A gust of wind blew my hair back against my shoulders and caused several tree branches to crack and grown. I should've been scared to death here in the unfamiliar, surrounded by uncertainty. Cresting the final ridge, Alec knelt on the ground, searching for something in his pack. The moon was bright, casting a clear white light on everything. I glanced off into the distance and saw the lights of town, trick or treaters running with excitement as they scurried from house to house. Carrying plastic pumpkins to collect their savory treats. Maybe this would be the last year I would miss their innocent faces. "Do you see it?" Alec shouted, his body rigid, facing what looked like the back edge of the castle tower. His left arm was pointing to what appeared to be an iron gate. My memory of the same gate from last year