This is going be one of many story I'm working on my other story won't be up until I get one chapter out for each one. P.S. Leo never landed on Calypso Island Hours after the war The war was over so many good people having died even my wise girl she gave up her life to save me from Gaea. He could still remember her dying words with a smile on her "live on Percy and try move on, I love you seaweed brain." Remembering that almost brought tear to his eye but he we awoken from his day dream by his father, Poseidon "Percy for you great deed and your victory over Gaea we the gods wish to make you into a god." By now all the others have been rewarded and made into gods and goddess and have been given they domain by the Fates. When Jason became the minor roman god of wind his body had change he look like… will a god, his skin was tanner his scars were gone his body look like it was carve out of marble his eyes was now a light sapphire color and his hair look like a windblown thought. Next was Piper she became the minor Greek goddess of first love, half if not all the man mouth had hit the floor but my I just was not in the mood, Piper look like she grow into her body just like had Jason her body was that of a true goddess, her eyes were still the same but her hair now reach to her shoulder, and so it went Hazel became minor goddess of wealth she grow in to her body just like piper and her eyes also change it was now autumn gold, Frank became the minor god of battle plan and Leo became the minor god of building, others people who became gods were Clarisse, the Stoll brother Connor and Travis, Katie and Reyna. I was happy for them I could been come a god nothing was holding me back now… but it did feel right, now back looking at dad I saw he had bitter sweet smile he must have knew what I was going to pick and he was ok with it, "I must decide ones more but I do have a way but you all must swear on the river Styx to grant my wish if it with in your power." Sigh were let from the gods as they swear on Styx thunder booming in the background. "First I want you to finish the promise you made on Styx last time that that mean release all the peaceful Titans and I want temple built for ever minor god so they can never be forgotten again…" I looking at Jason for breaking the promise he made to my sister and the minor gods but instead going after power just like a must roman he didn't meet my eyes good he should feel bad. Going back to my wish "and I think that Hades and Hestia should get they thrones back they are the eldest after all." Zeus just roll his eye an snap two thrones came out of the ground the first one was just a black throne made out of obsidian that was rooted in the ground with Hades helmet on it the next was a wooden high thrones with orange flame leaking of it. As the two eldest walked to the newly made thrones they both stop by, Hestia in her eight year old from hug me it was warm it remind me of the one my mom would give "thank you Percy" she said to me before slipping away next was Hades "it same I'm ones more in your debt nephew" as he was leaving I thought I saw a ghost of a smile on his pale face. Just as they sat down I saw a flash from my side and from it came Calypso she was hold one of her silver moon flower she look just as confused as most people in the room then she saw, see her bought a smile to my face I waved at he with one of my smile I having crack a smile since Annabeth death, after her seeing this it same to calm her down a bit she crack a little shy smile before going in to a corner to get out of people, ones that little episode was over Apollo got up saying in a serious but upbeat tone "tonight we celebrate our victory but we also honor our die… now let get this party stated!" Time skip The party was now in full swing I was sitting outside by myself I just wasn't in the mood; I was now lying on the ground looking at Zoe constellation before that I had switch the red light on top of the Empire State building to blue to let my mom know we won and before that I did a bit of catching up with she even gave me a new plant. I was shucking out of my though by a voice coming from my right "out here I see me to I never like party any way" still siting I got up to see none other than Thanatos he looked the same the last time I saw him with his rob and his sleeveless black tunic, his skin the color of teakwood, dark and glistening like an old séance table. His eyes were as honey gold, he was lean and muscular, with a regal face and black hair flowing down his shoulders, and his wings glimmered in shades of blue, black, and purple. Beautiful was the right word for Thanatos-not handsome, or hot, or anything he was just beautiful. "So I heard from my siblings what you did to my mother Nyx I have to say that took guts oh how I wish I was there to see here face" another voice rang out over the land "true it would have been fun to mother face when she was trick, but not so fun after" said Hecate walking from be hide Thanatos to say the least I was a bit confused and from the look of it they could tell "look you must be confused" Thanatos said now siting by me. "You could say that why would you and your sister want to talk to me" a small smile creep on to Thanatos "right to the point I see ok, so I heard what you did turning down godhood and not using your wish for yourself." I was still a bit confused why would a god and goddess care how I use my wish "you have save the world and Olympus twice and more important you free me and it just don't feel right for you not to be rewarded for it." "Ok I get why you here but why she here." I said pointed at Hecate "I'm here because of what you did for me in the other war." I guess I should accept that just trying to pay be back "ok what is it then." I really just want to be left alone It looks like Hecate was going to go first "from me I will bless you with magic" then Thanatos "and from me will bless you making you my first reaper, mind you this is my first time doing this." Magic, reaper what do they mean but before they can even do it they were stop by a voice "there you are we been looking for you." Turning around to my left I could see Hestia in her 8 year old from, walking with her Hades "me and Hades want to thank for getting our thrones back" they were foot away I need to do something "Wait!" that same to get stop them "look I know you and Hades came to bless me to but I won't take it if Nico and Thalia don't get the same offer for what I can gather being a reaper a is like being a hunter you become half immortal I'm I right?" Thanatos just nodded his head "and if I'm going to be come immortal I would like to have my brother and sister right by my side" Hades step up "look I know Thalia and Nico are like your brother and sister, but I don't think that Thalia will take it, she a hunter and even if she do I don't think that Artemis would be too happy about losing lieutenant, now other than that Nico will be no problem" "You don't need to worry about Thalia she only join became of the prophecy and any way, and I quote being a hunter was getting boring anyway end quote she said that any way just get them" sec after they show up and explaining to they what going on "of course we take it" they both said "don't forget our promises to each other" "always and forever" me and my sibling said turn back around "ok we ready" In a blink we were some wear else it was a lovely open roof house where you can see the star with marble floor it was plane but beautiful. "I'm glad you like" it was a sweet sofa voice, but it still made me jump. Turning around we saw a girl that look like she was in her teen with a black dress that twinkle like star. "Who are you?" Hades spook first "I won't tell but I will give you a hint y'all just battel my daughter "when she said that all the gods drop in to a bow but us three, Hades "lady chaos please forgive we did not know it was you" but she was not focus on them she was look at us "why do you not bow?" me being me "your chaos the creator of like, everything" chaos "I ask you a question," I tried to put this in the must respect why possible "um we don't bow down to no one um… mam" she just look at use before smiling and laughing "good I don't like bow it make me feel old." "If you don't mind me ask why did you bring here" said a now standing Hades "I will get right to that but first, come on out" as the words let her mouth three people could be seen walking our way two male and one female, and two that I wish to never see again Unconsciously and not unnoticeably, Percy shifted his feet into a slightly stronger stance as the three came closer "What she doing here we defeated you" now the said female was next to chaos "look I know I'm the last person you would wish to see but you have to understand that I was trick" my voice started to rise " UNDERSTAND … Understand what that because of you hundreds of demi-gods die that because of you … that my wise girl die" the last part almost brought me to tears as I was yelling at Gaea She was in a pale green drees her oil black heir reach pass her Shoulder and with her sofa brown eyes switching between from brown to green then back again. Chaos jumped in before I could do anything stupid "just let her explain her self" Time skip After some time she explains how she was trick by her sons Kronos and Polybotes, after that I guess I can see why she went to war with us she is a mother and a mother will always protect their kids. "Ok I get why she here but who the guy in the toga and why Tartarus here last time I saw him he try to kill me" Tartarus "the old guy who look like he just woke up is Cronos with a C, and the only reason I try to kill down there was because I