A/N: Revised 1/12/17 - My thanks to the guest reviewer who caught the incorrect spelling of lightning! I also edited a couple of other errors I saw. This is a one-shot. I do not own The Hunger Games, or anything else it all belongs to Suzanne Collins. This has not been betaed so please excuse any errors. Rated MA. A/U Set in present day. The beautiful girl with long straight espresso colored hair walks into the upscale gallery that's owned by her best friend. It's closed on Monday, but she has a key. He feels her before he sees her. He knows they're soulmates even if she won't admit it. She's been hurt again. Why does she continue to pick men that use her and discard her? He comes downstairs to greet her and she falls into his arms. He pulls back a bit, but doesn't let her go. Tear tracks stain her beautiful face and it breaks his heart. "Hi, what's happened?" He'd gotten a 'meow' text around lunchtime and knew her latest asshole had fucked up. Meow has been their version of I need you since they were little and her called her his little Meow Meow Kat . He was the only one that every called her that. The only person she'd let call her a nickname. That is until the latest jerk who called her Catnip. Gale FUCKING Hawthorne, who'd been a couple years ahead of them in school. He had always leered at Katniss then and he's fucked her over now. He'd go kick his ass, but he knows that would only piss her off. "I thought I'd go by his office and surprise him with lunch. I even cooked it myself." She pauses, her bottom lip quivering and a few more tears slip out. Which he wipes away. He pulls her closer again and begins stroking her hair while wrapping a lock around his finger. He hardly ever sees her with it down and he can't help play with it. He wants to bury his hands in it and kiss her until she forgets all about that asshole. Instead he asks, "Did he think your cooking was atrocious?" trying to make her laugh. He gets a smirk out of her. She's a fantastic cook, best in their circle of friends, except for his baking. Has been since she was little and had to take care of her sister when her Dad died and her Mom threw herself into her nursing career to forget her grief, ignoring her children in the process. She shakes her head no. Her voice shakes a bit when she replies. "His secretary wasn't at her desk so I walked in his office. She was on her knees. He actually said 'take that dick-tation just like that.' What a loser." She starts laughing. A bit hysterically. "What did you do?" "They hadn't noticed me. But did as soon as I dumped hot spaghetti on her stupid blonde head and his crotch." They both laughed. Then her beautiful lips turn into a frown. "What's wrong with me Peeta? I thought he actually cared." He tilts her chin up and looks into her grey eyes that look like a thunderstorm. "Oh Katniss, you are perfect." Anytime there eyes connect like that they both feel it, like lightning striking inside their bodies. Katniss won't admit it. Peeta's only done something about it once. Neither knows or will admit the other feels the same way. Flashback She had put him in the friend-zone after the homecoming dance in high school. He kissed her and it was amazing. It scared her. So she said that it was a mistake. They were just friends. He was so wounded. He's been in love with her since they were five and she crushed the 16 year-old's heart. He left her on her doorstep with tears in his eyes and wouldn't speak to her again until his car accident the following summer. They had to amputate his left leg below the knee. When he woke up from surgery, she was the only one of his friends that was there and he hadn't spoken to her in months. His heart clinched at her smile when he reached for her hand. He wasn't going to let her go again. Even if he was just her friend. Later, his father said she was the one that called him. She had seen the accident. She hadn't left the hospital or his side while he was in his room unconscious in a medically induced coma. Those two days she barely ate or slept. His brother Rye told him she basically collapsed when he'd gone into surgery. Between sobs she told him she didn't know what she would do if she lost him too. She was the only person that treated him exactly the same. He never saw pity in her eyes. She pushed him hard during his rehab and helped him learn to walk again. End Flashback "If I was perfect, I wouldn't have problems with men." She scoffs. "I wouldn't get lied to or cheated on." "OK so you aren't perfect." She tenses and tries to get out of his arms. "Let me finish." She stops fighting him and deflates. Her shoulders sag. "Your only flaw is picking the wrong men to date." She looks up at him. Silver mercury meets sky blue. Lightning again. "So who would you suggest I pick?" Her heart rate accelerates and his skips a beat. He speaks just above a whisper. "Kat, you know who I'd pick for you." He uses his thumb to trace along her jaw line and she shivers at his touch. He'd tried dating others, tried to get over her. Some girls that favored her, some completely opposite. But no one could come close to her. "You are my perfection." He's never said anything to her about his feelings. Not even ten years ago when they had kissed on her doorstep. "Give me a chance to show you how perfect we are for each other." She tenses and he holds her a bit tighter. "Peeta. I…I…can't. I can't lose you." The same words she told Rye in the hospital. "Give me a chance. I've tried for ten years to get over you and I can't. You know I'd never treat you like the guys you've dated in the past. Give me an opportunity to prove it. Let me show you how good we would be together." She doesn't respond and his heart gets heavier with each passing second. He thinks, This is it. She's not even going to give me a chance. Mom was right. I am worthless. The girl I've loved my whole life doesn't want to lose me but doesn't love me. He lets her go and steps back and she reaches for him. Touching his arm and he flinches."I'm not going to shut you out again Kat, like I did in high school, but I...I need some time." He turns his back on her and walks back upstairs to his apartment above the gallery. She feels like she was slapped. She stands there dumbfounded. Her heart aching. He's tried to get over her? I'm perfect for him? She does what she does best and runs away. She goes straight to her sister Prim. She feels safe with her. Where she still feels at home. "Katniss what is going on?" She pours out her heart out to Prim. "Katniss, how do you feel about Peeta?" "He's my best friend. I can't lose him." "True, but that doesn't answer my question. Search your heart and tell me how you feel about him." "I...I..." "What does it do to you when you see him with another woman?" Prim knows the answer and is trying to get her to admit it. Katniss stays silent. "I'm going to make us some tea. You are talking to me about this when I come back." She takes the quiet moments to really think about her feelings for Peeta. She's just not sure. Prim returns in a few minutes with her soothing homemade mint tea. She sits down next to her sister. "Katniss, you hate every girl Peeta dates." "No I don't. I'm always nice to them." Prim laughs. "You tolerate them in front of him. Then you tell me everything that's wrong with them. She's too blonde, too stupid, doesn't cook, too perky, too happy, doesn't understand him, isn't good enough for him." "Well it is true." "You mope the whole time he's dating someone then end up going out with someone that's his opposite. Katniss do you really not see it?" "What do you mean?" "Well just an example, I called Gale tall, dark and broody. Exact opposite of Peeta. Blonde, built and optimistic. Darius was a redhead, wiry and snarky. Opposite of Peeta. Cato was just a dick. Shall I continue?" "So we just proved Peeta's not my type." She scowls at her sister. Prim scoffs and shakes her head and pats her sister on her leg. "Do you trust Peeta?" "Yes." "Has he ever cheated on anyone?" "No." "Would he ever intentionally hurt you?" "No." "Has he ever lied to you?" "No." "Is he good to you?" "Yes." "You always end up snuggled up next to each other when we hang out. So I know you are comfortable with him." Katniss nods. Prim saved this one for last because she's sure she'll argue about it. "Are you attracted to him?" Katniss blushes then scowls at her sister and says, "No I'm…" She interrupts her before she finishes, "Yes you are. I've watched you check him out since I was old enough to notice. You can't keep your eyes off him when you are together. Especially at the lake. You both can't." Katniss hangs her head. "Don't you realize he was telling you he's in love with you." "That's not what he said." "Well not exactly but he said you were perfect for each other and he hasn't been able to get over you in ten years. You were 16 then. You've told me multiple times that no one has ever compared to your first kiss. He was your first kiss right?" Katniss sighs and nods. "Why are you fighting this? You're not kids anymore. You are both successful and live in the same town. The excuses you gave me before you left for college aren't valid anymore." She's silent for a couple minutes then says, "What if it doesn't work?" "There are risks in any relationship, but I agree with Peeta, you are perfect for each other. What if you don't risk it and he is the love of your life? What happens if he marries someone else? Have you thought about that?" "What if he dies like Daddy and I fall apart like Mom?" "Well, you are a whole lot stronger than Mom's ever been. Plus you have me." She bumps shoulders with her sister. "Honestly do you think it won't hurt if you don't date him and he dies? Don't you remember how you were after his car accident in high school? I think it would hurt more if you don't try. You will always wonder." Prim stops talking for a moment to let her sister absorb her words. Knowing she'll need a few minutes. Katniss is lost in her thoughts. Remembering. The kiss that scared her shitless. The lie she told to protect herself from pain, that backfired. How much it hurt when he walked away from her and wouldn't talk to her for months. No matter what she tried. How she freaked out when she saw his Jeep swerve then flip to avoid hitting the deer in the road. The waiting in the hospital. Pushing him to get better then growing even closer than they were before. Dreading that he would ask her to senior prom then being disappointed when he asked that stupid cheerleader Delly. Hundreds of Skype then FaceTime