The Mutts of the Capitol By Col Mike Fuser, P.A. (ret) Apoptosis : The Scheduled Death of a Cell Within an Organism. Tbe Buffalo armored fighting vehicle rolled slowly along a smoking block of ruined apartment buildings in the Capitol. "Ell Tee, mutts at your ten o'clock!" called gunner Woolsey. "Three lizard mutts at ninety yards, hold your fire," called Lt. Meredith Jackson. "Sir, the ride is about to get rough", she told me. "Don't mind me, Lieutenant, just looking for my unit out here." I was cramped into the front seat of the AFV, the Lieutenant commanding the vehicle at the wheel, and wedged between us, behind the fire extinguisher and the first-aid kit, was a trash can filled with Number 74A remote detonated sticky grenades. I snugged the seatbelt tighter around my waist and grabbed hold of the overhead mount assist handle for support. Sgt Lindsay Woolsey, in the turret seat, scanned 360 degrees around our position, and called "No Friendlies in sight." "Engaging for capture," said Jackson, as she accelerated over a curb and across a debris-strewn playground. The Lizard Mutts ran in a pack. This was news, for lizards. Natural lizards aren't social. These mutts are, for some reason. Also lizards aren't thermic. Natural lizards are asleep in the winter months. These mutts are wide awake, roaming outdoors, and hungry. The mutts wheeled left as we pursued. We bounced through the snowy playground into an alley, the mutts running flat out, and the AFV gaining on them. One mutt stumbled over a patch of ice and fell. Lt. Jackson drove over it, pinning it beneath the front left wheel. "Mason, you're up." "Roger that." Soldier Johanna Mason dismounted the vehicle through the rear hatch, brandishing a diamond-edged axe, tricked out to the same weight and balance as the one she used in the Quarter Quell, this time with a metal matrix composite head made of armor plate. The newer kind of armor plate, that's reinforced with depleted uranium-carbide monofilament. Sputtered with carbon plasma to put down a diamond finish and laser polished to get it as sharp and as smooth as humanly possible. She decapitated the snarling mutt with one swing. Lizard mutt hide was tougher than leather. It would make tool steel dull. It was partially bulletproof. Dr. Beetee Latier had made a damned fine axe for Mason. A little brute force is most helpful, with the right tools to deliver it. Sgt. Woolsey climbed out of the turret seat, reached into the trash bin beside me, pulled out two sticky grenades and passed them to Mason, who stuffed one grenade in the dead mutt's mouth, the other between the hind legs, and remounted the Buffalo in a smooth motion, closing the hatch behind her and belting into the troop seat. Time from start to finish, by my watch, was eighteen seconds. Had they kept running, like most wild creatures, the surviving mutts would have outrun us by eighteen seconds. Instead, they turned at the sound of Mason's axe, and came straight at us. Lindsay Woolsey, an impish grin on her face, called "Clear to the rear, Ell Tee." Jackson turned to me and said, "Watch this, sir. Sergeant Woolsey figured it out yesterday, the same time as Sergeant Boggs from your unit did." Jackson reversed the AFV down the alley back toward the playground, got about fifty yards and slowed. I grabbed my binoculars for a closer look. Both mutts sauntered up to their dead comrade. One began eating the severed head, throat first. The other immediately went for the belly. The sight was amazing. Lizard Mutts are programmed to destroy their own dead. Jackson flipped the Weapons Switch to HOT, and pressed the firing button on the steering wheel. Both grenades detonated on her signal. And the carcass of one lizard mutt flew directly at us and struck our bullet - resistant polycarbonate windscreen with a thump. "Crap," said Woolsey from the turret. "We're blind up here." Lt. Jackson gave a disgusted look. "I would like to end this war today," she muttered. Several pounds of maroon – red, lumpy, frothy stuff came out of the dead lizard mutt's rear end and ruptured guts, and smeared the windscreen. Lindsay Woolsey climbed out of the turret seat. "Permission to decon the turret cam, ma'am?" "Decon the turret camera and the windscreen. We can wash the rest of the mutt crap off once we return to base. And post an overwatch. I'm blind to the rear, without that camera," Jackson said, sounding mechanical. Doesn't sound like career officer, I thought. Or a Career Tribute, for that matter. She seems capable and commanding enough, but like she belongs somewhere else. She sounds like she can run things, but not…an army. "Roger that. Cleaning cam and windscreen here, the rest when we RTB," said Woolsey. Mason reached into another trash bin, this one full of rags, passed two to Woolsey and checked her own rifle to see if she had rounds in the clip. Mason dismounted out the rear hatch and climbed the running boards and ladder to the roof. She made some clunking sounds as she dropped into position, tummy to the armor, to watch our rear. Then she gave three sharp taps on the roof with her fist. On that signal, Woolsey followed her up the ladder with a water bottle and the rags. Jackson's HUD, short for "head up display," went from dark to red to blurry to clear. Lt. Jackson panned the camera 360 degrees, getting a brilliant picture of the soles of Mason's boots, the left of which had a chunk of mutt crap stuck to the toe and instep. Woolsey reached into the picture with a clean rag and wiped the mutt crap off Mason's boot. Mason said, "That tickles, Sergeant." "It makes you stink like mutt shit, too, soldier." Mason giggled. Woolsey did too. Jackson and I resisted the urge to laugh. Just in case we had to holler at them to get back inside. Somebody has to stay aware at all times. Right now that was us. Peering around a big lump of maroon mutt poop, I got a good look at the remains of the three lizard mutts. "Lieutenant, I count three heads." Jackson panned the camera forward and checked her HUD. "Yes, sir, I make out three heads as well." I was quite sure that the maroon color of their fecal matter, meant these mutts had been eating raw meat. Likely Capitol citizens, maybe our fellow rebel troops. Definitely not cooked meat taken from the Capitol's trash. "Would you have waited to return to base if it was a hot day in summer?" "Sir, I probably would. There's no smell in here, with the air filtration system running," Jackson said. "Your crew is pretty quick. Been together long?" Jackson seemed to think for a moment. "Johanna joined us our third day in the Capitol. She lost a friend to lizard mutts. So she begged some scientist in Special Defense to get her a job hunting them, and he pulled some strings and got her sent here. Lindsay Woolsey is with the armored infantry because she's a crack shot. And she's tiny enough to fit in the turret of a Buffalo AFV. She's been promoted three times. She's been my gunner since General Gray started down the Appian Way. Knock on wood," said Jackson, tapping her fist on her forehead. "She started as a private, and made lief-corporal by Day Five of the Battle. She saved us from an antitank rocket by shooting it down with the fifty. She's quite a shot, and I know some good shots. She made sergeant in the counter-attack, when we were rear guard and had to hold Lewis' Bridge or lose a third of the rebel army." Doesn't sound like an officer giving a report, I think. Too literate. Too many words. I nodded. If I knew Meredith Jackson well enough to confide in her, I'd repeat the ugly conversation I'd had with Col. Boggs, the last time we both had an hour off duty. General Gray, a political appointee who had defected from District Eleven, where he was Head Peacekeeper, considered himself the equal of Napoleon. Col. Boggs said that his actual command abilities were on a par with Napoleon's achievements at a battle called Waterloo, where Napoleon had been utterly shattered. Gray supposedly came perilously close to losing his entire army, when a coup de main by enemy armored units following the railway line, nearly retook the bridge to District Seven, which his parachute force had gained at immense cost. Had that counter-stroke been successful, it would have cut his supply line and left him surrounded. Snow in the mountains grounded our air support during the first day of battle. It was quick work by the heroes of the rear guard unit with whom this quiet lady had served, who kept the enemy from reaching the bridge, until air support could bomb them to a standstill. They were outnumbered four to one by AFV's and had to dodge 155mm copperhead rounds from five main battle tanks. They made good use of the terrain, communicated amazingly well, and used the mountainous terrain to extend their guns' range, but stayed mobile. The force avoided taking much damage, and kept the enemy force pinned in a canyon below, until the weather cleared and our pilots had at them. One of my former students from Thirteen, a captain named Hawthorne, paid attention during weather class and remembered that the dry snow on top of a mountain, does not compact as well as the wetter snow that falls down in the canyons, and he reminded all the Buffalo commanders in the rear guard, to stay high and keep moving, because the enemy below, got stuck in the mushy ice and could not move well. And all of these tankers were bright enough, to learn Hawthorne's snow lesson over our radios, without the enemy figuring out what they were talking about. The bridge held, the Capitol lost half its AFVs and all of its main battle tanks, and Gray took the credit for the win. But his absence may be the sole reason that he wasn't defeated. We then had all seven of our tanks, the enemy had none, and we rolled into the Capitol against heavy resistance. It needs to be written up as a textbook study in tactics. Capitol survivors were convinced that our force was larger than theirs, solely because our armored infantry made good use of tactical deception, and they were tactically deceived. I never got to speak with Boggsy again. He got killed making a propaganda film that we didn't need. And I miss the son of a bitch. So I changed the subject. It's a survival skill. "Where are you from, Lieutenant?" "District Eleven, sir," Crap. Probably a Gray crony, I guessed. Gray's whole staff were all his old and new cronies. But you couldn't say bad things about him, because he was winning the war. Singlehandedly, according to Plutarch Heavensbee's propaganda, if you read that stuff. At least those fliers made good toilet paper, I thought. "Ever see snow there?" "Not often, sir. It had to get very cold. Sometimes it did." Her voice trailed off. She was clearly touching on something personal. Her voice tightened. "How did you learn about powder snow in the mountains?" "My top instructor back in the officer training class told us some stories about wars of the past, to explain the battles we are facing now. It helped build up morale," Jackson said. "He talked a lot about old wars. He used to teach military history and tactics to Peacekeepers. So he'd tell us about battles like Anzio and Austerlitz." I'd ask Hawthorne to tell me the story sometime, since he wasn't about to get credit for it here. "Speaking of axes, I remember making Mason's axe." "Sir?" "My office partner, Dr Beetee