As Beautiful As the Ocean All from Finnick's POV Chapter 1 After I won the Games, everything changed. I had always considered life as a victor free, which was one of the reasons I tried so hard to win. But I was wrong. Life as a victor was even worse than life as a fisher boy back home. I would never be free, especially not from all those girls. Practically every female from District 4 and the Capitol were crazy for me. This was supposedly because of my good looks; glinting bronze hair, a tan, and sea green eyes. OK, so maybe no one could resist that. But I didn't want girls. I wanted a normal life. But the Capitol and the Games made that impossible. There was this one girl I always noticed. She was a few years younger than me but she was always standing there, waiting for me. She would always wave at me shyly and I wouldn't hesitate before smiling back. I started thinking about her every day, waiting for her visits, and she would always be there. I had the weird feeling she felt the same about me. Then one day, I received a gift from her. A perfect, blossoming red rose, with her name attached on a piece of parchment. A name as beautiful as the rose, as the girl herself. Annie Cresta. Annie and I kept delivering messages and visiting each other, and all was fine until the reaping for the 70th Hunger Games. I couldn't be reaped since I was a Victor, but I stood onstage alongside the announcer, and my sweet old mentor, Mags. Since I never wanted to mentor any children, Mags does it for me. The announcer walked over to the girls' bowl and picked a piece of paper from the very bottom, and read it out loud. And then it's as if the world turned upside down, because I was so dizzy and this couldn't be happening. Because the name was Annie Cresta. Chapter 2 When I recovered, I saw her walking towards the stage, tears threatening to spill over her eyelashes. Delicate, sweet, gentle Annie, the Capitol would crush her like a bug. Thinking about this, I hadn't even noticed the male tribute had been reaped. A boy named Spike. I couldn't care less. It was time to head towards the train. I would have stayed at home, since I was a mentor, but I found myself running towards Mags, begging her to let me be a mentor this year. She gave an understanding smile, and nodded her head. I thanked her, and climbed on to the train. The escort and announcer, Sheema, just went off to her room, and the two tributes followed suit. Mags just sat at a table and looked out the window. When I told her I wanted to mentor Annie, she just gave a nod. I hugged her and went to find Annie. I reached the door of her room and heard loud sobs. I gently pushed open the door, and when Annie saw who I was, she started crying even more. I walked over to her bed and held her tight. She just lay there weeping in my arms. "It's OK, Annie, it'll be OK, don't worry," I whispered, rocking her back and forth in my lap. Between sobs, she said" I can't do it, Finnick, I just can't". I spoke soothing words until she stopped crying, and then I wiped her eyes. I smiled at her and she returned a rather teary one. She was exhausted by the day's stress, I could tell, and she placed her head in my lap. I stroked her red hair until she fell asleep. I quietly left the room as not to wake her. Chapter 3 In the morning, when I woke up, she was wandering around the train. At the sound of my footsteps, she turned around and smiled softly. It was a beautiful one, one I didn't see very often. Then her expression turned into one of confusion. "What are you doing here, Finnick?"She asked in surprise. I grinned before I answered, "I'm here to mentor you." The look of shock on her face was almost immediately replaced by one of joy. I couldn't help but feel excited too. She just stood there looking at me as if nothing could make her happier, and I didn't try to stop her. Soon Spike, the male tribute, came in, and when he saw us, an expression of embarrassment crossed his face and he was about to leave the dining room when I called for him to come back. He obeyed, and when he sat down, I studied him closely. He was certainly a Career Tribute, what with his vast figure and muscles rippling in his arms. He had a good chance of winning the games and he probably knew it. I didn't want to, but I couldn't help comparing him to Annie. It was only when both of them sat together that I realized Annie might not make out of the games. No, Finnick, no I scolded myself silently. Don't think about that right now. So instead, I plastered a smile on my face and started a conversation with my two tributes. Annie was mostly quiet and glanced out of the window every now and then. It was Spike who seemed to be interested in the Games. He wanted to know all about the arena, wanted to discuss the training and talk about how he would appear for his interview. I was just explaining what weapons were usually presented in the arena when Mags walked in. Sweet, old Mags, who was the only one in the world I could trust with my secrets. She was like a mother to me, and had basically raised me. She was the only cure to my madness, except perhaps Annie, so when she came to sit next to me now, I squeezed her hand as an affectionate gesture. She offered a soft smile and ruffled my hair. The two tributes looked uncomfortable at this open display of affection. I turned back to them seriously and said," Spike, this is Mags. She is going to be your mentor, while I will be Annie's. Don't worry, you both are in good hands, and with a little training, you'll make it through." I was just about to discuss what to do when we reached the Capitol, when Annie suddenly stood up, said," Excuse me" and left the room rather hurriedly. I shot a concerned glance her way and with an understanding nod from Mags, followed Annie. She was in her room, sitting on the sofa with her knees up to her chin, a faraway look in her eyes. "Annie?'" I said cautiously, as I approached her. She looked up as I sat down beside her, and smiled. But not a smile that made her face light up, not a smile that made my heart stop, not a smile I wanted to see. It was a sad smile, a smile that spoke of sorrow and regret. I knew what she was about to say before she uttered the words." You know I'm going to die, Finnick. I saw it in your eyes," she said. Her tone was not accusing, but it held certain finality. Her words unlocked a box inside my heart. When she spoke of her death, I felt pain, I felt agony, I felt sadness so extreme, it was impossible to describe. It was at that moment that I realized something. I had known it all along, but it became clear now. I loved Annie Cresta. She was a beacon of light in the darkness, the blooming rose in a barren desert. I loved her, and would die protecting her. The fierce emotion that washed over me was so intense that Annie was snapped out of her reverie when I spoke with force," No, Annie. You are not going to die. I will make sure of it." She looked into my eyes and whispered," What will you do, Finnick?" I gave her a grim smile and said," I'm going to train you." Chapter 4 All of us; the tributes, the mentors, and the escort, gathered in the dining hall for lunch. As we waited for the dishes to be served, Spike played around with his knife and fork, horrifying Sheema, while Mags was knitting something pink that resembled a sweater. I looked at her fondly, before turning my attention to Annie, who was once again gazing out of the window. At the sight of her, a battle raged inside my head. Should I tell her of my feelings for her? A huge part of me was screaming to do so, but the other was afraid of how she would react. If she said no, I would truly be heartbroken, and besides, with going off to the arena and facing death, the last thing she needed on her plate was a relationship. That too, with a man who did unspeakable things. And what would President Snow do if he found out that I was in love with Annie? No, I decided, it was too risky. I would never put beautiful Annie in danger, and anyways, even if she loved me back, I could never truly be hers. Lunch was served and I pushed my thoughts away. I started up a conversation with Mags, while Sheema was lecturing a sullen Spike about etiquette. Annie looked as though she didn't know what to do, so I tried to engage her in chatter. She gratefully turned towards me, and just her smile made my heart flutter inside my chest. Suddenly, Sheema exclaimed loudly, "We're almost there!" Her announcement made both tributes rush towards the window to look outside. Sure enough, the candy-colored buildings were approaching and a parade of hideously dressed people were waving and yelling. I was eager to see the tributes' reaction to the Capitol, mostly Annie's. She looked horrified and even a little afraid to see such altered, inhuman faces staring at her, and moved a little back. Spike, however, seemed to be thoroughly enjoying all the attention, and was waving back enthusiastically. I got up and made my way towards Annie, but before I could say anything to her, the train came to a halt, the doors sprang open, and she was pulled into the screaming crowd. Chapter 5 After having elbowed my way past hundreds of women nearly fainting at the sight of me and trying to cling to my shirt, having been washed and dressed by my prep team, I was standing outside near District 4's carriage, waiting for the two tributes to show up. Despite having been reassured by Mags that Annie had been taken to the Remake Centre to get dressed for the chariot rides, I was still worried about her. I hoped that she hadn't been afraid of the prep team, or that they had hurt her in any way. Lost in my thoughts, I hadn't noticed someone had arrived. A soft voice calling my name interrupted my thoughts. I looked around in surprise, and my heart jumped. It was Annie. I had always thought she was beautiful, but now, in her costume and makeup, she looked more stunning than ever. It took great self-restraint not to gather her in my arms right there and then. Annie was dressed as a mermaid. Her legs and ankles were covered by an elaborately woven skirt. Blue and green threads intertwined and emeralds dotted the edges. Her stomach was bare and her chest was covered by two lilac seashells. Her red hair was tied up at the back of her head into an intricate knot, and her lips and cheeks were a blooming pink. I couldn't help but stare. She was the most gorgeous girl I had ever seen, and I had seen many. As if feeling my eyes on her, she wrapped her arms around her exposed