Title: Adventures in Babysitting Summary: Legolas and Gimli babysit a cunning Eldarion Disclaimer: I do not own them for their sanity A/N: Any reviews will be welcomed, flames will not Legolas and Gimli wondered why Estel had left so suddenly. He had asked them to come to Imladris, saying he had important business to discuss with them. When they had arrived they had found that Estel wanted to go away for a couple days, and he wished to know if they would look after Eldarion. "How much trouble could one five year old be Estel?" Legolas had asked. That had been his first mistake, thinking Eldarion innocent. "He eats, sleeps, and is only three feet tall. I am sure we can handle him." Gimli had offered. Estel had grabbed his sword, and hugged his friends good-bye. He and Elrond were going away, and even Erestor said he would be leaving. Legolas thought it was odd that Erestor had complained he needed solitude, that perhaps time with orcs would be better. When they had asked Glorfindel if he were staying he had scoffed at them, and told them he would rather jump into the fires of Mouth Doom naked. He too had gotten atop his horse, and left with the others. Legolas was beginning to worry, but as he looked at the smiling face of Eldarion, he could not see past the innocent look. If he had he would have seen the twinkle of mischief in his eyes. As it was already close to dinner Legolas ushered Eldarion inside to eat. Twenty minutes later Legolas walked into the dining hall to find Eldarion already seated and waiting. "I see you are as swift as an elf little one. Where is Gimli, do you know?" "He should be here soon, I guess," Eldarion said smiling as he piled the ham onto his plate. Legolas sat down and grabbed the ladle for the soup. He ladled his bowl full and asked if Eldarion would like any. Eldarion had shook his head, politely refusing. Gimli came rushing in breathless minutes later looking very wet. "Excuse my lateness, but someone soaped my floor, and I ended up head first in the tub. Gimli looked warily at Eldarion, but he was cutting his ham into neat, small slices. "I would like to thank this person, for a dwarf can never be too clean," Legolas said spooning some of the soup to his mouth. The taste was different from what he remembered last time, but he was hungry after his long trip, and he could have been eating a goat for all he cared. After a few grumbles from Gimli he settled in and ate two plates of ham, and a bowl of the soup himself. Eldarion had asked to be excused, but before he could make it to the door both Legolas and Gimli started to turn green. Eldarion watched from the other side of the room as both of them ran, one trying to knock the other out of the way to be first into the washroom. He saw Legolas push Gimli to the side and rush in, closing the door behind him, and then he heard noises most unbecoming a prince from within. Gimli who stood at the door banging to get in finally relented. "Be that way elf!" he said as he rushed outside, and into the trees surrounding the courtyard. Eldarion giggled, and went outside to play. He took his wooden sword his father had carved for him and pretended to battle fierce orcs, until he saw Gimli emerge from the tree line. "Where have you been for so long Uncle Gimli?" he asked Gimli who looked rather bad spoke. "I have been one with nature so to speak, giving back to the soil. How about we go for a swim in the river. I wished to be refreshed." Eldarion squealed at the thought of it, and dropped his sword, following Gimli to the river. Both of them went in, and Eldarion snickered as he watched Gimli ease his backside into the water, sighing with relief. He splashed the dwarf, and Gimli tossed him into the air a few times. "I am going to see if Uncle Legolas wishes to join us," Eldarion said walking out onto the shore. Gimli humphed, and went back to lying on his back in the warmth of the sun. As the minutes turned into an hour, he wondered what had become of the boy, and knew Aragorn would have his head if he came to harm. Gimli went back to the shore to collect his clothes and found them gone. Shock came over him, but being a bold dwarf he strode out of the water. He noticed the looks from the she elves as he stomped through the courtyard, helmet covering his nether regions, but he was intent on finding Eldarion. Eldarion saw the dwarf walking into the house from the balcony in his room, and he could not keep in the giggles. Soon he was laughing and rolling around on the floor. "Ada said they cut down many foes in battle, but they must have been small foes," Eldarion thought wiping the tears from his eyes as he laughed. Dinner was a quiet affair, no one speaking, and Legolas only eating the fruit brought out. His hair was messy, something that had not happened often. "Eldarion, how about a story in the Hall of Fire before bed?" he asked hoping for a quiet night. Never would he admit to being tired out by a mere child, but he had just spent the better part of the day in the bathroom, and the second half trying to console outraged elves whose daughters had seen the naked dwarf stalk through the courtyard. Legolas and Gimli closed the door to what they thought was a sleeping Eldarion and went down the hall towards their rooms. "He is a crafty devil, just like Estel," Legolas said to the dwarf. "Aye, that he is and my thoughts are we better get a good nights sleep for tomorrow." Both of them closed their doors, not noticing the one down the hall opening, the small head peeking out. Eldarion waited for over an hour in his room, making sure they had time to fall asleep before he crept out. Walking first to Gimli's room he carefully eased the door open. The dwarf was asleep, facing the wall. Eldarion took the glue and outlined his shape on the bed, and then scattered the feathers along the floor. Smiling in satisfaction he closed the door, and went to Legolas' room. Eldarion had to admit his Ada was right about Legolas being the fairest elf. His face shown like a thousand stars lighting up the night, and Eldarion stopped to think of what he was about to do. "I wish him to be the fairest of them all," he thought and proceeded to paint Legolas' toenails with the red paint made from berries. When he was done he laid pair of his naneth's undergarments across Legolas' chest. He was sure his naneth would give him a weeks time in his room to think about what he had done, but Eldarion only snickered at the sight of it. Admiring his work for a minute, he carefully shut the door, and walked back down the hall to his room. Closing the door he laid down on his bed, covering himself up, and splashing some water on his face from the basin next to the bed. Then he let out a bloodcurdling scream he knew would send all the help, and Legolas and Gimli running. Gimli rolled over, trying to jump from his bed. When he did he found he was dragging the sheets behind him, and soon his feet became entangled and he fell face first into the pile of feathers. With a gurgle he spit out the feathers in his mouth, and dragging the sheet behind him ran down the hall. Legolas, had woken to the scream, and jumped from his bed. His nimble feet hit the floor, and he was off running, never looking down to his chest or his feet. Both of them ran past many others in the hall. Shrieks were heard from the cooks, and gasps from the others. Neither of them paid them any heed. Flinging open the door they found Eldarion in what seemed like the remnants of a nightmare, sweat on his brow. "Eldarion, wake now it was but a dream," Legolas said sitting down on the bed. He watched as the boy woke from what he thought was sleep, and placed a comforting hand on his face. He was about to ask if Eldarion was all right when the door burst open and the head cook walked in carrying a rolling pin. "How dare you parade down the hall in the middle of the night like that!" She yelled. Legolas was about to ask what in Arda she was talking about when he noticed Gimli covered in feathers. He assumed he was speaking of him, when he happened to glance down and see the feminine article of clothing across his chest. "Just what were you doing Legolas Thrandulion?" "Nothing... honest, I do not know whose this is, or how it got on me." The cook was stalking toward both of them, her rolling pin raised. "How Lord Estel could have left his sweet little thing with the two of you is beyond me, but he shall not be tainted with your wicked ways. Get out! Both of you, now!" Legolas and Gimli bolted for the door, fearing the cook's wrath, but what awaited them in the hall was worse. Many of the fathers of Imladris were outside the room, all looking ready to kill. One spoke to the cowering elf. "Just which of our daughters did you have in your room tonight?" Gimli knew a good chance at getting away when he saw it, and he ran to his room, and straight to the bath to scrub feathers off. Legolas after narrowly escaping the outraged fathers, flew to his room. Only after he sat down on his bed did he notice his bright red toenails. He shook his head wondering how hey could have gotten that way, but he was too tired to even think about it for now. Laying down on his bed, his eyes glazed over in sleep before his head hit the pillow. Down the hall Eldarion was sleeping peacefully, an angelic smile on his face, and the cook sitting guard over him, rolling pin still in hand. The next morning brought two groggy, and sleep deprived people to the table. When Legolas and Gimli arrived they found Eldarion waiting for them. He asked them how they slept, and both gave snorts for a reply. "How about a day on the archery field Eldarion?" "Ada says I am not allowed to learn yet? He says I am an accident waiting to happen," Eldarion told Legolas. "Nonsense, I will instruct you on how to properly hold a bow, and how to notch an arrow." Eldarion smiled at Legolas and finished up his breakfast, and left to collect one of the smaller bows from his Ada's old room. "Do you think it wise to give him a weapon? He is an adan, and a small one at that." Gimli asked. Legolas rolled his eyes. "You have no concept of bloodlines do you? Estel has elven blood, and Arwen is three fourths elven; therefore Eldarion is more elf than adan." Legolas did not know if he had made any sense at all, but having little to no sleep was making him cranky. Once the three had arrived on the archery field Legolas showed Eldarion how he should hold a bow, how to draw back to release the arrow he had notched, and to make it fly true to its mark. After many attempts Eldarion hit the bottom of