title: of psychics and psychos summary: Annabeth Chase has always known things she shouldn't - not because she's an eavesdropper or a spy - but because she is psychic, like her mother before her. Recruited to take part in a special Training and Study program, she is relocated to New York. While there, dark secrets come to light and horrible truths are revealed about the nature and origin of her powers. notes: ugh i suck at summaries. also at titles. and the ending to this is unbelievably cheesy. this is just an experiment to get be back into the pjo fandom/fanfiction mood and I'll probably never continue it. happy belated new year and welcome to 2015 everybody. what even is my life. [:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::] innocence [-O-] The girl had a steaming hot coffee in front of her, but she'd much rather a stronger, preferably alcoholic, drink, even though it wasn't even ten in the morning yet. This would've been obvious to most people in the cafe, but what really stuck out to Annabeth Chase was the reason why this girl wanted a drink – a vodka – so badly. She'd had a bad night's sleep – nightmares that had seemed so vivid that they made the real world look fake. How did Annabeth know this? Was she friends with the girl? Had she eavesdropped on a conversation? Facebook stalker? No . Annabeth Chase was a psychic. [X] Annabeth sighed and rubbed her temples as the noise of the cafe reached an all-time high – a group of girls, probably the same age as her, though it was appalling to think of girls her age acting like that – had just walked in and were shrieking like a flock of galahs. My cue , she thought, and threw money down on her table, tipping twenty per cent. As she walked out of the boothed area and past the group of girls – they were guarding the only entrance-slash-exit with their lives – one of them looped an arm into hers. Her skin tingled in a way it only had a few times before – whenever she had been held by her mother. Holy crap . This girl, this primadonna, was like her. Psychic . She jerked her head sharply, to meet a pair of kaleidoscope-coloured eyes. "Piper," the girl introduced herself, steering Annabeth through the crowd and out of the door. "Hi," she said. "I'm - " "Annabeth, I know." Annabeth narrowed her green eyes at the pretty native girl. Cherokee , her sixth sense spoke up. An ache began to grow in the back of her head, a longing to use the full brunt of her powers on this girl and see which mind came out on top. Which one of them was the strongest? "And exactly how do you know?" Piper smiled brightly, revealing brilliant white teeth. She reached into her giant purse – god, was that Gucci? – and pulled out a manila folder, filled to the bursting point with papers. "I've read your files," she said airily, fanning herself with said files. For the second time that morning, Annabeth narrowed her eyes. The ache throbbed once again, practically begging to be used. Fine , she thought . You know everything about me? Two can play at that game. She closed her eyes for just a second to centre herself, and as she snapped them open, she focused on Piper's face, feeling the different layers that were invisible to normal people flood into her mind, almost overloading her with data. Piper simply smiled knowingly and stilled, right in the middle of the sidewalk, as if waiting to see how well Annabeth did. As if this was a test. Her psychic power now fully activated, Annabeth was in the zone. "Piper McLean," she spoke in a dull monotone. "Age fifteen. You turn sixteen in two months, four days. Your dad is an actor, your mother abandoned you when you were a child. You used to have a pet turtle named Mikey, after your favourite Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle. Back when you were four years old, whenever your dad introduced you as Piper, you would interrupt and insist, 'no, I'm Batman.'" She blinked as she came out of it, feeling slightly dirty and contaminated. She hadn't revealed anything bad, but she hated using her power for petty reasons - or, at all, really. But Piper grinned, like she had finally succeeded in doing something interesting. "Thank god," she said. "I thought you were going to be a complete waste of time." Annabeth raised an eyebrow. "Ouch," she said. Piper rolled her eyes. "Oh, please," she said, as she held out a small square of white card. On it was printed, in simple black text, an email address. Piper smiled. "You want to know more about your gifts?" she said. "Want to do more with them?" Annabeth remained stoic and silent. Piper's smile didn't dim in the slightest. "Just send an email to that address when you've made the right decision," she said. She leant in close and whispered in Annabeth's ear, "You never saw me. You never learnt any of those things about me. And we did not have a discussion about how you're psychic." She moved back and smiled. The blue-grey colours in her eyes were whirling, faster and faster. "Sorry, Annabeth," she whispered. For just a minute, the world went dark. [X] Annabeth blinked. She was standing in the middle of the sidewalk, and as people jostled past her, they shot her dirty looks, like, move, you idiot. She blinked once again and back up unsteadily, completely disoriented. Where the hell was she, and how had she gotten here? A sharp corner of... something , stabbed her palm. She opened up her clenched hand, and tilted her head slightly as she saw the business card that was there. She turned it over in her hands, but the only thing on it was an email address – and the address was pretty generic. She was about to put the card straight into the trash, where it belonged, when a feeling hit her. One of her premonitions. Following her intuition, she tucked the card into her jeans pocket. With a sigh, she began to make her way down the street, to her high school. [:::::::::] Piper smiled brightly as she entered the van. "Thank you, Travis," she said. The boy whom had pulled open the van door – Travis – gave her a goofy smile. "You're pretty," he whispered to her, as if confiding some great secret. He then giggled. The van's driver, Chiron, turned and scowled over his shoulder at Piper. "You're not meant to use your powers on each other, young lady," he said. Piper turned her smile on him. "But we're meant to be strengthening our gifts, right? What better way to do that then to test it on one of the strongest minds out there?" Chiron's scowl didn't lessen in the slightest – he appeared to be immune to Piper's charms. "Charmspeak is not a gift you should use so freely," he said. "Especially not against your brethren." Piper pouted as she strapped herself in. "I'm not allowed to use Charmspeak on regular people, I'm not allowed to use it on psychics..." she sighed. "Just what am I allowed to use it on?" "Plants," Chiron answered grimly, pulling out of his parking space and taking the turnoff to the highway. [:::::::::] Nothing like a blunt object to the head to capture your attention. Annabeth sent a scowl in the direction of her friends – god, had they thrown a shoe at her? She stalked over to them, the intent to kill clear in her eyes. All of them backed away, except for Helena, the redheaded, blue eyed, minx of the group, who grinned at her unrepentantly. "I'd like my shoe back," she said. Annabeth growled, but refrained from snapping at Hel, because her father had gone to the hospital last night – lung cancer, final stages. She tried not to think on the fact that the psychic voice in the back of her head insisted that Aaron Darling would not live to see tomorrow morning. Cassandra – a shy girl of fourteen, with blonde hair in a pixie cut and anime-wide blue eyes, who had skipped ahead a few grades – peeked at the brunette, giving her a sheepish smile. "You just seemed kinda out of it, 'Beth," she offered. Annabeth swallowed bile at the sound of the hated pet name. "How so?" she questioned. Hel grinned. "For one, you're not in uniform." She froze, green eyes widening as she looked down and yes, that was not school uniform and holy crap she was going to be murdered - . Something warm and soft hit her in the face. Cussing under her breath, Annabeth yanked it off, and saw, in her arms, Helena's school sweater. She raised an eyebrow at the redhead, who shrugged. "Faculty can't really yell at you for being in non-regulation clothes if you're wearing a regulation sweater to cover them," she said. "And I'm wearing an actual school shirt – " she gestured at the bleached white, stiff button up that had the school crest on the left breast with distaste. " – so they can't really yell at me, either," she finished with a smile. Annabeth's heart sank. "Hel – " The bell rang, loud and shrill, cutting her off. "Homeroom," Alisha, the fourth and final member of their group – a girl of oriental descent, with stunning olive skin and gorgeous black hair and eyes – stated, rather unnecessarily, in Annabeth's personal opinion. "Yep," Hel agreed, pulling an elastic band from her pocket and yanking her hair back before tying it off roughly. Ali looked appalled. Seeing her opening her mouth – no doubt to give Helena a twenty minute lecture on the evils of elastic bands when coupled with hair – Annabeth intervened. "Don't want to be late," she insisted with false cheer. Cass agreed happily, and Helena rolled her eyes. Ali's sour look said she knew exactly what Annabeth had been up to. She shrugged, unrepentant. [X] It was only the first class of the day, and Annabeth was already languishing in agony. Her teacher – Ms. McCormack – wasn't doing much better. Like Annabeth, she'd much rather be at home. Except, where Annabeth envisioned Gilmore Girls re-runs and hot chocolate while she sketched out the designs for the rafters of an architecture project she was working on, the elderly teacher wanted to do some very bizarre things to her husband. There were times in which Annabeth truly was glad she was psychic. This was not one of them. She sighed as she swung in her computer chair. If she was at home, she'd be sick from dizziness by now; her dad always let her spin on his chair. You're never too old to do these stupid things, he said, when she protested that she was too old to play chair-jousts with him. When Ms McCormack cleared her throat pointedly – hmm hmm – and shot Annabeth a reproachful look, she attempted to get drawn back into the wondrous world of Elizabeth Bennet and Mr Darcy. Another defining aspect of her personality – Annabeth was severely ADHD. Her father had her taken to multiple doctors and so called 'experts' about it when she was younger, but her mother had just sighed and smiled and looked her in the eyes – so similar to her own – and said, 'it's because you see things that others don't. They distract you, and it messes with your attention span, because you get so drawn into whatever is going on with someone else.' Then, she'd give Annabeth an Eskimo kiss and whisper in her ear, 'exercise control.' Of course, then Anthea 'Athena' Chase had gone and gotten herself killed – one of her customers hadn't been happy with the reading she'd given him,