Disclaimer: Percy Jackson belongs to Rick Riorden. I own nothing but my OC. Am I Dead or Just Insane Chapter 1: Not Insane but Maybe Dead Stuff like this isn't suppose to happen, at least not in real life. Real life is boring and predictable and completely and totally safe. I've never walked into a Wal-Mart expecting certain death. Well, maybe on Black Friday but that's just a completely different thing altogether. I once saw this women get tazered over a pair of- Okay, bit off topic. This ADHD thing sucks. But in real life I was supposed to stuck in my dorm, studying for midterms. Not fighting monsters along side fictional characters. I'm getting ahead of myself. I don't remember how I found myself on a school bus. Later, when retelling this story, I would say that I pulled a 'Jason Grace', which probably doesn't make sense to you. Or maybe it does, depends on who you are, really. Back to the school bus. I remember that I was sitting by myself. I was kind of offended because most of the seats had three or even four kids jammed in them. Did I smell or something? I quickly smelled myself. Nope, normal. In front of me were two boys, talking in not-so-hushed whispers about suspension and other things. I saw one, a skinny pale ginger boy with the start of a small beard on his chin, hold the other down in his seat. The so-called other had dark messy hair and deep green eyes and was cute, you know...for a twelve-year-old. Why was I on a bus with a bunch of middle schoolers? How did they not notice the random college student sitting among them? It was then that I realized how…big, everything seemed. I looked down at my body. "Oh hell no." I muttered quickly. I was pubescent ! I looked at my barely there breasts and lack of curves angrily. I had been very proud of my adult figure. What the hell? So, either this was a dream, or…..nope it had to be a dream. "What do you think Jane?" I jumped at the sound of my name. I looked up and saw that the two boys in front of me had turned. The Ginger was giving me an expecting look. The dark-haired one was staring at the Ginger exasperated. "Uh, I wasn't listening." I went with the safe option. Ginger boy rolled his eyes while Green eyes chuckled in that slightly high pitched twelve-year-old way. "What do you think about the questions?" Ginger repeated. Questions? What questions? It was then I realized I was holding a piece of paper in my hand. When had that gotten there? I raised it up to read it…only… "Uh...not in English?" I squinted. Green eyes laughed like I'd said something funny, but the Ginger only sighed. "Dyslexia acting up again?" Dyslexia? I didn't have dyslexia. I loved to read. But as I further examined the paper I realized he was right, the letters jumped around on the papers before I could make sense of them. Great. "Students!" A deep voice called from the front of the bus. I leaned out into the aisle to see a man in a wheel chair. He had a long hair and a beard with a tweed jacket on, probably the teacher. "We are almost there," Tweed Jacket said, "I will be taking roll call. Please answer when your name is called." I froze. My name wouldn't be on that sheet! They would know I wasn't supposed to be there. Even worse…what if my name was there? "Nancy Bobofit" He called. "Present," Called out a high pitch nasally voice a few seat ahead of me. Bobofit? What kind of name is that. I shook my head. Focus. But I was finding that hard to do. Images were swirling around in my head faster than I could process them. Every little thing seemed to catch my attention. The teacher, Green Eyes, the kid picking his nose (gross). My knee was bouncing up and down and my hands were playing with each other as if even they didn't know what to do. "Jane Braxton?" Once again, I jumped when my name was called. "Present," I called out weakly. Oh, God. Please be a dream. Please be a dream. I pinched myself... God damn that hurt. Okay not dreaming. I shook my head rapidly going through every possibility for my being here while Tweed Jacket called names. "Don Garber" "Present!" Maybe I was in a coma... "Sandy Hillsbery" "Present" Maybe I'm dead! Woah, no need to sound so enthusiastic. But then again, death might be preferable to going through puberty, again. "Percy Jackson" "Present." The green eyed kid in front of me said. I frowned. Percy Jackson? I knew that name. My friend Sarah read these books about this kid. Something about greek mythology? Who knows. But it's probably just a coincidence. My room mate talked about those books for months. I knew enough from her ramblings to know that it was about some greek stuff with Percy Jackson, Annabeth Chase, and- "Grover Underwood?" "Present" No way. My eyes bugged out of my head. Grover? There is no way that's a coincidence. But I couldn't be in a book . That was just insane. I was asleep in my dorm right now. Sarah must have been talking about it last night before I went to bed and this was just some sort of insane fantasy I'd created in my mind. After all, I'd seen the movie. They were all way older in it. So even if I was in the book (which I wasn't) then none of that insane crap would happen for years...right? I took a deep breath. Okay don't make any presumptions yet. There's still the off chance that I'm dead. I looked to the boy sitting in front of us. He kind of looked the same as Percy in the movie, not identical or anything but the same colours and face type. Grover on the other hand… He seemed to be a big swirling ball of nerves. He jumped ever few seconds, and then would sniff the air nervously. I wondered what he was doing. If this was Grover, then the movie hadn't really gotten him right at all. And then I started to wonder...what else had the movie gotten wrong? Maybe I should have read those books. No. Calm down. You are not in a book. I jerked forward as the bus came to a stop, hitting my head on the seat. Why didn't these things have seat belts again? I hauled my short ass up and peered out the window. I recognized it, The Met in New York. I grinned, if I wasn't so freaked out I would have been ecstatic. Wait a minute. Didn't that thing attack Percy in a museum? Or was it a school? Or maybe a swimming pool? I gulped. I really should have read the books. Or maybe I shouldn't eat the cafeteria food right before I go to bed. But I stood up with the rest of the kids and got into a line. This could be a dream, or maybe I just entered into insanity. I had a sinking feeling I was about to find out the hard way. But either way. I loved museums. "I hate museums." I grumbled. I didn't know what was the matter with me. I felt like I was on a super caffeine high. Like I downed one of those 24-Hour energy drinks that I used to cram for exams. I couldn't sit still, I kept looking everywhere at once, trying to take in very sight and sound. It was so busy and big that it was driving me crazy. "Me too," Percy nodded, his hand were in his pockets but I could see them fiddling with things inside, obviously just as hyper as I was. Grover wasn't as bad, but he kept flinching at loud noises and sudden movements. He was making me very antsy and I wanted to yell at him to take a pill. We followed the tour group. I hadn't even bother to answer any questions. If this was a dream it didn't matter, if it was real then I'd just copy Grover or something. I looked over to see if he'd answered any only to find him nervously chewing on what I assumed was our homework. Awesome. "And here we have…" I block out the teacher, who I learned was indeed Mr. Brunner as he talked about yet another piece of ancient rock. Normally I'd be all over it, but today I just wanted to drill through my brain. " Will you shut up !" For a second I thought it was me who had spoken, but the noise had come from behind me. I turned towards Percy, who was blushing a vibrant shade of red as the entire class looked at him. Behind him, Nancy Bobofit smirked triumphantly. Mr. Brunner paused and turned to him, "Mr. Jackson. Did you have a comment." Percy's blush deepened. I coughed to hide my laugh and he glared at me. "No, sir." "Perhaps," Brunner pointed to a picture on the giant rock, "You'll tell us what this picture represents." Suddenly I pieced it together. I knew this part! It was in the movie. They must have aged up the characters. Ha! Figures... But if this was that part...then that meant. I scanned the room and found the other teacher. One I hadn't even noticed until now. She was way older than in the movie, wrinklier but had the same not-so-friendly demeanour. In fact, when she caught me staring she sent me a dark glare that made me quickly look away with chills. "-living and growing completely undigested in the Titan's stomach," I shook my head as I zoned back into the conversation. What the hell had they been talking about? Context, people. "The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in tartarus, the darkest part of the underworld." He paused as if giving us all a moment to ponder that, "On that happy note it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside." I was very happy to follow the scary monster lady out of the museum, even if it looked like it was going to rain. I looked down at my attire. Jeans and a tank top with a ratty khaki jacket overtop and a backpack. Nothing waterproof. I followed Grover to a fountain away from the other students. They were all acting….well like sixth graders. I sat down on the fountain, shouldering off the backpack and groaning in relief. The black sneaker's I was wearing had seen better days and it felt nice to rest my feet. "Where's Percy?" I grunted out, rubbing my foot. "C-Brunner wanted to talk to him." I wanted to roll my eyes. Way to almost blow your cover. I tried to remember what Brunner's actual name was, but I couldn't. Well, it started with a 'C'. Grover looked at me through narrowed eyes, "You okay Jane?" He asked me. I shrugged. "Sure, why?" "You've been acting…strange today." I tried to act causal, but not look like I was acting casual….which is harder than you think. How did I normally act around these guys? Apparently they knew me. What was I talking about. This was a dream. It shouldn't matter how I act. So why did I still have the incredibly strong instinct to fit in? "Not feeling to well." I decided on. Heavy footsteps alerted us to Percy walking over to us with a small frown on his face. "Detention?" Grover asked sympathetically. Percy shook his head, sitting on the other side of Grover. "Nah, not from Brunner." He sighed, unwrapping his sandwich. I looked at my bag that I had carried most of the day. Maybe there was food