This story was actually inspired by a reader of my other story Perfection Does Not Exist. LittleFoot3 gave me the idea of a 7 year old Hermione running away from an abusive home only to be found and raised by Remus then told me to run with it. This is what I've come up with so far, I hope you like it but let me know what you think even if you don't! Love, Adrien P.S. I forgot to mention three things: 1. I will be posting in this story at least once a week but not as frequently as Perfection Does Not Exist because chapters take a little longer to write. 2. Each chapter after this one will be a year of schooling until we reach either Hermione's third or fourth year, I haven't completely decided yet. 3. This will be a Fremione fic eventually just so you are warned. P.S.S. This is the last thing, I promise: The M rating really doesn't come in until she is older so we've got quite a bit before we hit that yet but the rating is not just for safety. Disclaimer: I do not own this sandbox that I like plying in so much. J. K. Rowling owns this particular sandbox and the parts underlined like this are directly quoted from Sorcerer's Stone and in no way belong to me. Chpt. 1: The Daughter He Never Knew He Wanted August 18 th , 1986 A sweet scent flutters toward Remus, catching his wolf's attention. Jasmine and honey. A human. There weren't supposed to be humans around here, he'd checked for weeks before deciding on these woods and there hadn't been any sign of human activity. A scream breaks Remus away from his thoughts and the wolf is barreling in the direction of noise before Remus can even attempt to fight him off (even though that would be useless without wolf's bane). His wolf bursts into a clearing, a growl ripping through his chest when he sees a fox cornering a young girl between himself and the tree. The fox freezes and turns toward him but he doesn't have time to run before Remus leaps at the creature. Must protect cub is the only thing going through the wolf's mind which surprises Remus more than anything. His wolf hadn't wanted to protect someone like this since the muggles had tried to keep him away from Harry after James and Lilly had been murdered. His wolf didn't tear the fox apart like he normally would, he just bit the animal's neck until an audible snap sounded through the air before tossing the creature away from him and turning his full attention to the small girl. She was a tiny little thing, she'd barely come up to his waist in his human form and his wolf form towered over her small frame. There were twigs and grass lodged in her curly mahogany hair and her tattered clothes hung off of her skinny frame. Bruises littered her arms and stomach, the two distinctly shaped handprints on her neck telling Remus that the majority of her bruises hadn't come from being out in the woods. The wolf leaned forward and the girl cowered back against the tree, squeezing her eyes shut as though she was preparing herself for inexplicable pain. Remus's wolf whines softly, nuzzling her cheek with his nose, and the young girl's eyes snap open. Her chocolate colored eyes watch him warily for a few moments before softening as she smiles at him, her hand shaking slightly as she reaches up to run her fingers through his fur. His wolf smiles down at her, his tongue lolling out of his mouth slightly as he does so, and a giggle escapes the small girl. "Thank you for saving me," her voice is hoarse but her gaze is genuine. Remus's wolf quickly licks her cheek before pulling away from her and smiling at her as he lays on the ground by the tree, content on protecting her for the rest of the night. August 19 th , 1986 Remus paces back and forth in the muggle police station. He couldn't believe he was doing this, he didn't know how to take care of a child. Hell, he couldn't believe these muggles had believed him. Padfoot and Prongs had always told him he was a shit liar. But these muggles had believed him when he told them that the small apartment he was living in was just temporary while he was getting his new business running which had been a complete lie… Well, it had been at first but after how politely these muggles were treating him, he was thinking that it might be easier living in the muggle world than it was for him to live in the magical world as a werewolf… Honestly, they probably believed those papers Lilly had had made for him before she died more than anything. He had been their back up in case something went wrong. She'd had a feeling her and James wouldn't make it through the war and she wanted to make sure Harry would be taken care of by someone who loved him if neither of his godparents could for some reason so she had went into the muggle world and gotten the paperwork done so that Remus was a registered foster parent (knowing the wizarding world would never let a werewolf adopt a child). When Remus found out that Alice had been tortured to insanity and Sirius had betrayed the Potters, he had immediately gone to muggle office Lilly had made him memorize before she went into hiding but he was too late. Harry had already been legally placed with the Dursleys and there was nothing he could do about it… He couldn't even watch over Harry because wards had been placed round Privet Drive to keep out dark creatures. How much Hermione (That's what the muggles had told him the small girl's name was.) clearly trusted him probably helped his case as well, she hadn't even trusted the female police officer when she had tried to take Hermione's statement until Remus had told her that the officer just wanted to help her. He had been afraid the child would slip up and mention his furry little problem but she never did which surprised him more than anything and made his wolf yip happily in the back of his mind. His wolf already loved the little girl and wanted to protect her. Remus had actually had trouble restraining the wolf when they had heard the little girl's story. Hermione's full name was actually Hermione Jean Granger and she had been missing for over a week. She was the daughter of local Dentists Emma and Dan Granger. Emma Granger had been murdered the week prior by her husband when he had returned home earlier than expected from their office and found Emma packing a bag for both herself and their daughter. Emma had reached her breaking point months earlier when she had seen her husband hit Hermione for the first (According to Hermione, her father had hit her before but her mother had never seen him do it before and hadn't wanted to believe that her husband would stood that low even though he had been abusing her for almost their entire relationship.) time and had been preparing for their escape ever since. Emma told Hermione to run and not look back while she distracted Dan and Hermione had followed her mother's instructions to a T… Only she'd gotten lost along the way. She'd been wandering the forest for days, not knowing how far from civilization she'd actually gotten, until Remus had found her last night. Dan was currently in holding for the murder of Emma Granger, domestic violence charges, child abuse, child neglect, and child endangerment. Because neither Emma nor Dan Granger had any living relatives, Hermione was now a ward of the state. The officers had been planning on sending her to one of the local foster families until Remus had remembered the paperwork Lilly had went through the trouble of filing so that he could take in Harry. They had been surprised at how willing he was to look after the young girl and more than willing to help him push through the barriers so that he could take her home with him. He wasn't having second thoughts about taking her in, his wolf would have made his life a living hell if he hadn't taken care of his cub and Remus had grown fond of the girl in the little time he'd spent with her as a human. She was so different from anyone he had ever met before and she had accepted his condition without question. He just didn't know how well he would do with a child. He didn't have any experience w—. "Remus!" A much less hoarse voice tinkled through the air from his right and he had just enough time to turn around and catch her small frame as she hurtled into his arms. He stood there awkwardly for a moment before pulling the small girl closer to him, a smile tugging at his lips as he hugs her back. "Hey there, cub. Are you ready to go home?" September 15 th , 1986 She was a witch. His little cub was a witch. Hermione was a witch . How could he not have realized it sooner? "I'm sorry!" Her sobs break him away from his thoughts as the small girl wraps her arms around herself and backs away from him, her eyes fixated on the glass she had accidently broken when she had gotten frustrated with the math homework she had been working on. "I didn't mean to. I promise I won't do it again. Please don't make me leave. I love it here." Remus quickly strides over to the young girl and pulls her shaking frame into his arms, rubbing her back in soothing circles. "Sh. It's alright. You're not going anywhere. This is nothing to be ashamed of." "But I'm a freak!" She cries, her tiny hands clutching his shirt tightly. Fury flares through Remus's body, his own magic humming in the air around him. Pulling away from his cub slightly, his gaze connects with hers. "You are not a freak." His voice is quiet but firm. His cub stares at him for a long moment before she nods, her tears slowing to a stop. "You're not mad?" "Of course not." Remus smiles down at her as he gently wipes away her tears before pulling away from her completely and holding out his left hand. "Come on, I want to show you something." His cub nods as she places her tiny hand in his and lets him lead her back to kitchen table where she had been doing her homework. Remus smiles at her once more before pulling his wand from where he kept it hidden up his sleeve and waving it over the broken glass. His cub's eyes widen as the pieces put themselves back together until a whole glass once again sits on the table, the water still on the table being the only evidence that the glass had ever been broken. "How did you do it?" "I'm a wizard." Remus gives her a wide grin before continuing, "And you, my little cub, are a witch." September 19 th , 1986 "Happy birthday, little cub!" Remus smiles widely at the young girl as he places the small cake in front of her, the eight candles twinkling waving happily at his cub as he does so. "Make a wish." His cub closes her eyes before blowing out the candles but confusion flares through her gaze when the candles are still waving back at her…almost taunting her. A smile tugs at Remus's lips as he watches her blow out the candles once again and, once again, the flames flicker back to life seconds later. His cub