A/N This is for all those who want to know if Jacob is ok - for those who want closure Enjoy. "Jacob. Jacob ," she whimpers helplessly into my ears. "Jacob," she repeats, tears lacing her voice with harmony. I force myself deeper into her while she clutches my neck to her chest for dear life, grunting as I do so. " Jacob, " she says again, getting louder and squeezing me harder in between tears that fall from her eyelashes and into the crease between her cheek and eyelid. I grunt again to avoid hearing the helpless sound. She sighs and unlocks her legs from around my waist to indicate she wanted me to stop thrusting, but I didn't though. She cries louder and squeezes tighter. "Jacob, please ." I grunt a third time, focusing my thoughts on something other than her. I glance up for a split second passed the sweaty and glistening white skin I was over and a pang of pain hits me in the chest. All I saw was Leah's tan skin, those hazel eyes, and perfect body that I'd spent my adolescent life lusting after. She was here and she was watching us, and I didn't want her to be. I wanted to focus on the women under me, but I couldn't. "I'm sorry," I whisper. "It's okay, baby," she whimpers. "Just be gentle, okay? Please. " My hips slow down at her command. I bury my face back into her chest and kiss along her breast lovingly while her moans of pain turn to ones of pleasure. Her legs refold over my hips and lower back. The sensation of our intimacy should be enjoyable, and it is to a certain extent. I love being with her a lot, but that sensation is overcome with unresolved demons that still like to haunt me. My thighs shift against my bedsheets while she meets every thrust accordingly. " Jacob ," she moans blissfully. " Fuck ," I respond, leaning back and kneeling while setting her legs over my shoulders. I thrust forward and forward, pushing her closer to an edge she wasn't used to. She places her hand between us and rattles her clit, causing her legs to shake as well as her face. The darkness of the room can't differentiate one woman from the other. Nessie and Leah switch multiple times, and I shake my own face to focus. Nessie gets louder, clawing at my bedsheets with her perfect nails. Her voice gets deeper, matching how Leah's used to when she'd moan my full name in utter ecstasy. The tears waste no time welling up in my eyes when I lean forward and thrust at the speed and depth I was before. The moans had turned to whimpers again. "Jacob, stop ," she begs. I grunt another time when every memory of Leah and I returns The tears descend off my face and onto hers. She gasps repeatedly and squeezes me. " Jacob ." I feel a sensation in my inner thighs as well as my balls even as they continue to slap against her ass. My abs tighten. "Jacob," she cries and looks up at me. I stare back intently, forcing her brown eyes, white skin, and various other vampire features into my head. My lips crash hard on hers, and our tears mix in a salty and watery tang. " Leah ," I moan aloud. Leah's gasps fill my ears, making them ring, as she digs her nails in my back. "Fuck ," she whispers. "You like, baby girl?" She kisses me now and nods, at lost for words. Her mouth is open in a hollow circle, her lips shaking just as vigorously as the rest of her taut body. Thrusting viciously, I hold her tighter and pray for her to stay forever. When she begins to fade from me, the tears continue. "Leah," I say softly and unsurely, beginning to find pleasure in my actions. "Leah, baby. Don't leave ." It's silent except for the sound of our skin colliding rapidly, and just like that, she's gone again. "Lee-lee," I exhale desperately through running tears and a closed throat. "Leah, Leah, Leah, Leah ," I chant as if her name is a ritual and by God's grace, she'll return just in time for my orgasm. It takes several pushes to be brought over the edge and in between tears, I collapse onto my girlfriend, involuntarily muttering and damn near hollering Leah's name. My orgasm is so intense and sudden that I can feel my heart pulse through my toes and fingertips and the fact that we didn't use a condom is a minor detail to me. She carefully holds me close to her, kissing my head when she detects my tears are from sadness and not the overwhelming orgasm I just experienced. "I'm sorry," I say, bawling onto her Nessie's chest. " I'm sorry. I'm sorry, fuck." She sniffles. "It's okay, baby, just go to sleep." "Leah," I say again and remove myself from inside of her to lay by her side. She keeps my head safe in her embrace. "Leah." Nessie squeezes me. "I'm sorry," I say again. "I'm sorry I need her so much." She just nods. "Go to sleep, Jacob." I slept peacefully and awoke slowly the next morning. My cheek lay upon Nessie's cold stomach overtop her bellybutton and piercing hooked onto it. I nudge the charm out of my face with my nose and use slight movement to look up at her. She's awake but not moving as she stares at the ceiling with a solemn expression and her hand aimlessly scratching through my scalp soothingly. I move my left arm upward to run my fingers over her ribcage and down to her hips. She stays just as she was as I kiss along her midriff. "Morning, babe," I say first. She hums a weak response and turns her body on to her side, my lips landing onto her back now. She's still mad. I sigh and get out of bed and go down the hall to my bathroom. In between peeing, I stare intently at myself in the mirror to see that my eyes are puffy from crying last night. I flush the toilet, wash my hands, and when I enter my room, Nessie is out of bed shimmying into her jeans shorts. "You leaving?" I ask, panicked. "I got work. Pastor Reynolds wants me at the church early today." The upset and purely unsatisfied look on her face shows she's lying and just wants to get the hell away from me. "You can't stay another hour?" I press and walk over to where she is to wrap my huge hand around her tiny waist. She pulls away and her tiny breasts jiggle. I try the action again, but she slaps my hands this time. "Love to, but I can't," she says sternly and searches through my bedsheets for her bra. I eye it as it hangs neatly on the chair to my desk, but don't say anything. "Ness," I say lowly and put my hands at the ends of her hair to get her to look at me. She only presents her profile and sighs. "Yes?" I bite my lip and her eyeball already glistens against the sunshine sneaking through my blinds with the tears she's about to shed. "Are you okay?" "Yes." "I hurt you," I conclude, remembering my mistake from last night. She shakes her head furiously, quits the search for her bra, and just puts her lace top on. "Talk to me," I whisper, putting her hands in mine so that she'll face me frontal. She does but avoids meeting my eyes. Her jaw is shivering. "I hurt you, didn't I?" I repeat. She shakes her head then dips it low. "No, you didn't. Not physically, at least," she says and brushes her shoulder onto mine when she passes me. I miss grabbing her wrist by a quick few inches when she turns around, eyes red and lips thin. "Actually, I take that back," she adds, coolly. "You have a tendency to be rough." I gulp. "Ness." She shakes her head and searches for her bag. "I have to go, Jacob." My lip quivers. "Don't go, babe," I plead. "Stay with me. Talk to me about it." Nessie flips her hair about and buttons her shorts. "I'm tired of having this talk with you." "It was an accident. I didn't mean to say her name again." She scoffs and covers her mouth to hide a sniffle. A piece of me dies when Renesmee cries - especially when I know I put those tears there. It'd become such an often occurrence that I should be desensitized to it. "We've been together a whole year, Jacob, okay? I can't keep letting you call me by her name." I growl. "I can't help it, baby. I can't help that I miss her." She shakes her head some more. "You're still love her." "I'm not," I lie and plop onto my bed. "You treat me like it's my fault she's gone." "She was the love of my life, okay? Show some sympathy "I've been showing sympathy for the passed year. I was really sympathetic when you called me her name in front of my parents and bruised my fucking collar bone when I corrected you." Hearing Nessie cuss was liberating. " That was an accident." She takes a seat on the edge of the bed to be farthest away from me. "Don't feed me that crap, Jacob. You hurt me so much." "You don't think I know that?" I reply. "Do you?" I blink hard. "No, do you really, Jacob? You call me her name, you talk to me like I'm her, you touch me like I'm her - you don't see me as Nessie, do you? You see me as a figure. A female body equipped with tits and a vagina and you take it upon yourself to put her feature on me like I'm a Barbie doll. But I'm not. I'm not her. I've never been her. I've tried, but no one can ever place next to your precious Leah." Her sincerity fading by the end of her sentence with that last hint of sarcasm is what makes my skin prickle and my blood run cold. "You're right, y'know. No one can place. Not even you. You think I actually give a shit if you love me? You're just a vulnerable and convenient lay," I spit back out, watching her face shift painfully. I've probably said worse to her over the passed year which is probably why she hasn't broken down in tears yet. "Fuck you, okay?" "Fuck me? Fuck you !" I expect her to leave it at that till she tenses and hisses at me. " Fuck you and your little fucking dead girlfriend !" She hollers back, punching my chest as hard as she could, stirring me up and provoking me to slam her into the nearest wall. Her stance is cowered and her hair is veiling her face, blocking those brown eyes to plead with me not to hurt her. Taking multiple steps back, I sneer. "Don't you ever talk about her like that." She doesn't say anything. The tears begin to cascade down her face without a problem while her hands and legs shake in shock. I swallow hard and attempt to slow my breathing down. "Don't you ever -" I begin and she puts her pale hands up to interrupt me. " Okay, okay ," she whimpers. "I'm s-s-sorry. I didn't mean to-" She doesn't have to finish her sentence before I come off my high and wrap my arms around her in comfort, kissing her red hair. "Shhh, Ness, it's okay," I coo and hold her tighter to me. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry ," I mutter into her