A/N *sigh* It's about that motherfucking time again, boys and girls. It's been a while, I know. We - we being myself and my partner/beta in crime, HalyconSeasons- have returned with another fic. Blackwater, of course, cus there is no better ship to sail. Please review. I love you all. The most that my father ever told me about the throne was that someday it would be mine. I think I was about six when he, Harry Clearwater, passed away, nearly immediately making my brother, Seth, the new Quiluete Tribal King once my mother passes on. I'm eleven now, and Seth recently turned twenty-seven. He is to wed soon, making his half-breed, pale fiancée, Renesmee of Forks, the soon-to-be Queen, replace my withering mother who had no business having me after thirty-five years old. Renesmee, or Lady Olympia as she likes to be called, lives in the reservation castle with the rest of the nobles, and I guess you could say it's pretty awkward for her to sip her blood-and-wine mixture at dinner while the rest of the tribe chows on the meat fetch of the day. She seems like a nice enough person, but my dad would've had an absolute fit if he found out his son is putting a damn bloodsucker—our sworn enemy—to the throne. But because of the relationship between them two, there's peace between the vampires and werewolves until our borders meet Canada. Seth has actually grown quite fond of Renesmee's coven. I don't mind her, but my opinion holds little worth, even as the late King's daughter. She and Seth are to wed in two months and I'm sure they're going to make another half-breed, bringing the first vampire by blood to nobility, making him or her the next King or Queen. It's sad to think that I, the King's daughter, have less of a place in the kingdom than a bloodsucker. I'd never see that throne; my dad lied. Well, damn, I didn't want to be Quiluete Tribal Queen, anyway. Getting out of this damn castle would make my day. But, alas, I'm stuck with Renesmee for the day, having what Seth described as a "sisterly bonding day," as we arrange and select various potential wedding dresses made from the finest materials, like silk and cotton. We've already gone through about thirty gowns and each one was same as the last. Even her personal assistant, Emily, has grown tired and impatient with telling Renesmee she looked fabulous and that the dress was too fine. Renesmee isn't conceited, but she looks at herself in her room of full-length mirrors a lot. "What about this one, Leah?" She glances at me quickly in the mirror before directing her eyes back towards herself in the white strapless dress she modeled. She does a quick twirl and runs a few fingers through her long, thin, red hair. I shrug from my seat and take a look at Emily, who's miserably brushing out any wrinkles or creases on the gown. I turn back to Renesmee, who doesn't seem to be awaiting a verbal answer, before doing a few more poses and demanding for Emily to unzip the dress. I kind of feel Emily's pain—I'm not exactly a slave here, but I'm better seen than heard. Multiple dresses and several meaningless compliments later, Renesmee leaves her own face alone and turns towards me while Emily shimmies her out of the dress. Renesmee and I make eye contact, and she sympathetically smiles. "This isn't your thing, is it?" she guesses, rubbing her pale hands together while Emily bustles around, finding the next dress. I shake my head and play with the ends of my spiraled hair. "Not really." "You and your mother didn't play dress-up when you were younger?" she wonders, stepping off the pedestal and striding onto ground level to have a seat next to me. A fresh whiff of her vampire scent momentarily returns when she eases in towards me, making my nose scrunch. She's only got her lingerie on and it's making me a little uncomfortable, so I scoot. "I was kind of a Daddy's girl," I answer, trying to avoid the devoted stare that my future sister-in-law is giving me. "Oh," she replies. "I was, too. Well, I guess I still kinda am." That's at least one thing we have in common. . .sorta. She continues to speak even after Emily returns with another dress. "I know I'm not the most fun person to be around, but you have no idea how hard I try to get you to like me," Renesmee admits, shocking me. "Why?" "Because even with the Queen's approval, I still feel as if I need the baby sister's, too." "Why?" I ask again. She leans inward and whispers. "Between you and me, you're kinda the only one around here who isn't ridiculously lame." I smile for the first time today. "Really?" She nods and runs her icy fingers through my hair soothingly. "For sure." Responding appropriately is a challenge. "Oh. Well, thanks," I say and sit up in my chair. "You really don't have to try so hard. I think you're doing just fine." A genuine blush and a smile stretch their way across her pale cheeks. "Aw." Emily clears her throat nonchalantly, getting our attention. Renesmee remembers where she is and then looks to me again. "Would you rather be doing something else?" she asks. Watching grass grow sounds like fun compared to this. "Yeah." Renesmee ponders on that and adjusts her bra strap. "I can find a dress by myself. How 'bout you go play and we can bond some other time?" Music to my ears. "You sure?" I ask, already getting up. She does, too, and steps back onto the pedestal. She stares at herself in the mirror. "Uh-huh," she says absentmindedly. "Okay, if you're sure," I murmur while she distracts herself with the dress in Emily's hands. "Bye, Lee." I nod my head and wave goodbye before making a sly exit out the way we came in, through Renesmee and Seth's bedroom. I nearly dash down the corridors, my slippers brushing heavily against the marble floors as I race myself towards my bedroom all the way on the other side of the castle. The second I crash through the huge double doors, I plop harshly on my mattress and let out an inhuman sound of pleasure. Man, it feels good to be back in my bed. Seth has surely lost all his marbles for waking me up at nine in the morning to help his fiancée pick out a damn dress. I'm not tired or even sleepy, for that matter, but just being in my room with my three best friends—me, myself and I—is my favorite pastime. Then again, I'd enjoy leaving the castle for the day. Judging by the sun rays gleaming through the balcony doors, it seems to be one of those pretty and rare spring days in La Push. I hop off my bed and remove my nightgown to replace it with a sundress and a pair of Converse. My mom hates when I dress like this, but I'm comfortable and I don't need expensive clothes to prove I'm the princess. Neither Seth nor my mother would approve of me leaving the castle so early in the morning, but I have Renesmee's permission, I guess. And besides, I'll be back from my walk before lunchtime, and I go unnoticed, like I'm already not. Passing various guards and visitors without a trace, I sneak snugly through the castle's broken bricks and eventually get out through the lowest level's rear porch, leading into the courtyard and past the fields. Lunch is to be outside today, so an array of servants is setting up tables and chairs for the family and guests. I nod and applaud some as I pass for their good work, and they bow in appreciation before getting back to work. Funny how they don't suspect anything. I've only ever been out the confines of the castles a handful of times. I know of the vast grass and flower fields, beaches, markets, shops, department stores, schools, and downtown, but there's this place my dad always warned me about. Before promising me the throne, he had explained the importance of the kingdom beyond the castle like taking charge and pride within everything that is La Push. He warned me of the ghettos also known as First Beach—which is barely a beach at all. It has no fields or fabulous markets or schools. It is on the estranged side of La Push, a poverty zone for sure in great need of gentrification. What land they have on this side of the kingdom has been broken down, the result from past won wars, a sign that First Beach never bounced back. They have forests and wilderness and dirt roads and little means of civilization. This must be the shadowy place I'm never to go to, but because I'm hardheaded, I go anyway to see for myself. It's also silent. It's dark and silent and there's the occasional hut or wood cabin. It's a war zone, even after all these years. Why didn't my dad do anything about this? Why doesn't Seth or my mom do anything? Do they even know of this? Instead of trying to control me and put together a wedding, they should be doing something about this. It actually hurts me to see the kingdom that I am supposed to rule one day to be in such a state. It's only this way because they don't know. No one ever took the time to see, and I'll bet everyone on this side of town resents my family for what's become of their neighborhood. The more I travel along, the more I want to turn back—but I don't, which probably isn't the best idea considering I am of royalty, giving everyone here a good reason to hate my guts. Man, I should've bought a jacket. It's frigid out he- Snap. The stench automatically makes its way towards my nostrils. It's like Renesmee's scent, but worst. I nervously check behind me and see nothing but the mess of urban area that I've just strolled through. I keep my head turned backwards and await more noises before deciding whether or not I should turn around or keep going. I know what I should do, but it'll get me killed because I'm not even of age to phase and protect myself. Turning forward, I'm met with stone skin and the source of the smell, shocking me and sending me flying backwards, to the ground. There's actually three of them, surrounding and stalking around my frozen body like a trio of vultures. I gulp. "Hmph," the first one—a red-headed female—hums, eyeing me viciously. "I've never seen you around here." The second one—a male with a blond ponytail and lack of a top—chuckles to himself as he rubs his chin in wonder, forcing us to make eye contact. "She looks awfully familiar," he mutters, getting incredibly close, making me whimper as I force the will in me to phase before I'm even able to. "What's your name, sweetie?" I gulp again as the three vampires stare me down and wait for my answer. "L-L-L-Leah. L-Leah of La Push's Tribal Court," I manage to say, crunching a fallen leaf in between my fingers. They all burst into laughter as if I've told some hilarious joke. It's hard to tell whether or not they're messing with me. "Leah of La Push?" the third—a black male with dreadlocks—mocks and lets out a hearty chuckle. "You're the princess?" "Oh, lemme practice my curtsy!" the female teases and pretends to bow before me, laughing with her teeth bared, showing off how sharp they are. I squirm. "Do you have any fucking clue what we do to princesses who step outside their kingdom?" she challenges. "Aw, man," the blond one cheers, rubbing his hands together. "Never tasted royal