OMG GUYS IT HAS BEEN SO LONGGG. I am so so so sorry for my absence i haven't had very much time on my hands... But I decided to take most of my time over this (VALENTINES DAY) WEEKEND WHOOP WHOOP to write a fluffy scene or story or whatever between katniss and peeta... I'll get back to editing my current story that follows a plot later, haven't gotten time to even look at that story. But again sorry, I hope you enjoy this cute fluffy little everlark scene. And oh! Happy valentines day! I don't have one but you guys might lol. But then again we all are fangirls I mean? (If you took offense to that then I'm virtually giving you chocolate) the day after valentines day = chocolate 50% = score. That is the kind of positivity you need in your life my darlings. (and btw the official mockingjay part two trailer came out today it's the 23rd of July I wrote this on valentines day I swear I just kind of touched it up some Katniss POV: Roses. The only thing I can smell once I am fully aware of the familiar scent. I jolt awake, tiny dark circles under my eyes leaving the slightest evidence of deprived sleep last night. Where's Peeta? Where is he? Panting, I throw the covers off of my self, leaving them sprawled out on the floor. Stray hairs are lodged into the slightest creases of my neck due to sweat, sticking to my throat. I step clumsily onto the floor, which right now, seems terribly uneven. Roses. The aroma is still drifting within my bedroom. All the thoughts followed by the rather horrid smell come even more dreadful, painful memories. I stumble into the bathroom, my stomach suddenly want to get rid of the remains of whatever it was I had for dinner last night. I hear Peeta's footsteps from downstairs, slowly approaching to where I'm, inconveniently, hunched over the toilet seat. His injured leg gives him a very unfair amount of disadvantage for any activeness. "Katniss?" Peeta calls, obviously unaware of the situation. I quickly stand up from where I previously was to brush off my clothes and wipe my mouth. I turn to head back in bed when I see them. Pink roses laying at the foot of my bed. Where did these come from? I hear the floorboard creak and turn around, finally seeing the person I ached for during the night. It's pretty safe to say I thought I was having a nightmare, which I wasn't. I'm not entirely sure if the roses are what caused my stomach to become upset, but the smell made me nauseas. I would much rather prefer waking up cold, from Peeta's rather annoying habit of sleeping with the windows open, than waking up to that. I turn back to look at the roses, realizing Peeta put them there. I know he would never intend to hurt me or dig up the past in any way, but roses? They remind me of Pesident Snow. The Capitol. The games. The war. Just the thought of these things make me want to puke. I can hear Peeta walking up behind me, he never was light on his feet. He stops and grabs my shoulders to turn me around and face him. "Katniss?" He asks one more time. I give him the look I have perfected, where he knows what I'm thinking without me having to say it. He releases my shoulders and grabs the bouquet of flowers, careful for thorns. "I'm sorry if I made you upset, Katniss. I thought it'd be nice, to give you these, the roses on this day. I was afraid of what you would think of them, but I picked a baby pink color, specifically not white." He frowns. I try not to have a disdained look on my face, it was sweet of him. I know he would never intentionally try to upset me. What's so special about today? The look on my face must be deceiving and he seems almost pained for a moment. "I'll throw them away." He says softly. I realize I haven't spoken a word since he gave me an explanation, or at all. He shifts his body only half way, I'm able to put my hand over his chest. More precisely over his heart. "No." I say louder than intended. Peeta looks confused, so I give him a half-hearted smile. "The roses," I start, failing to realize that Peeta's the one who should give out second chances as charity. "They deserve a second chance." I'm the one who actually needs another chance. I'm the one who screws up all the time. I want to roll my eyes because of my actions, but Peeta is still present. I just complicate his life, me being in it. Although I cannot say he impacts my life the same way. If he knew what I was thinking he'd probably come up with a very detailed excuse to as why I make his life 200% better. He's the one, if anyone, who makes things easier around here. We made a promise to one another, a dedication. We've taken on huge responsibilities together since the day he proposed. Katniss Mellark. I knew I could get used to the sound of someone calling me that, though I was not sure my thoughts would become reality. Of course Peeta has much dedication and determination, more than necessary. He's loved me since he was five; that has to count for something. Unfortunately, I realized that what I felt for him reciprocated what he once did. When he was taken away from me, his heart no longer beated for me, his memories vanished. But somehow , he managed to find his way back to me. And I'm not stupid enough to think that he would ever love me the same way again, but I am grateful. Me and Peeta share something that no one else could ever think about understanding. And then he promised his love to me, forever this time. And to be sure, I received a ring with a thin heart carved outside from the rest of the band. Whenever I take it off, it leaves a precise indention of that very shape. Not that I ever dreamed of taking the ring off, I couldn't even imagine where he came up with that type of money. Working at the bakery, yes, but the value of the ring to me, seemed to be equal to the amount of work done after decades. "Our love will last forever; will be everlasting, even without the ring on, obviously." I remember him saying to me. Then he chuckled at his previous words. I know Peeta deserves better, but he refuses to think twice about his decision. I give the roses another try, carefully take them from his fists and sniff at the petals. They smell different from when I woke up. I know I'm a naturally insane person, but my stomach clearly did not feel the same about the scent this morning. "I'm sorry I overreacted, Peeta, I absolutely love them. And you," He smiles at this, "but what's the occasion?" I ask dumbfounded, handing the roses back to him. "Haven't you heard?" He asks perplexed. "Peeta, my personality and incentive to actually do things considered productive or even care enough to listen to other people's concerns are about as abstract as a brick wall." I say sarcastically. I make sure it sounds like sarcasm because there is a fine line between sounding annoyed and being sarcastic. In my case, third chances won't be acceptable. Peeta just laughs. "Happy Valentines Day, Katniss." He places a soft kiss on my forehead. This occasion makes perfect sense to me now. He must not know that I'm being provided vague ideas of the meaning of this holiday. "Meaning give-your-wife-some-smelly-flowers-day or the February 14th day?" I chuckle. "Today, is the day, when you show your love and affection for someone that you admire." He looks at me in the eyes, giving me a rather uncomfortable glare. "Since when?" I scoff teasingly. Peeta thinks about this for a moment. He obviously doesn't know the history behind this particular day, but I can handle a day to ourselves. "Would you be my Valentine, Katniss Mellark?" He asks with an almost pleading tone. I just laugh at his goofiness. "In honor of St. Valentine?" He adds with his hopes entirely too high. He even gets down on one knee, lifting the roses in the air. "On his behalf?" I ask. "On his behalf." Peeta confirms. I laugh and take the roses out of his hands, gently setting them on the ground. From there hug him, until I feel a sudden excruciating pain in my abdomen. I wince, grabbing both sides of my stomach, leaving Peeta with a concerned look on his face. "I'm okay." I answer before he asks. He starts to rub my back in a constant pattern. "Are you sure?" He verifies. I just nod. ~a year ago~ I know Peeta aches to have a kid one day. I've always felt that I can't give that to him, I can't bring myself to do that for either one of us. I fear too much of having a child living in this world. I can't lose another person in my life. Peeta has his opinions, and of course I have mine. I feel like he deserves someone else, someone better . someone who is willing to give Peeta what he has always desperately wanted to have. a child of his own. He tries to tell me that I'm the only one that he would even want to think of having a baby with. In the end, he appreciates my decision. It took him 14 years to realize that, i was certain of my feelings towards bringing an infant into this world. He says things can be good again, a child could bring us an amazing chance to find happiness together, but he seems to think I'm all that he needs to be happy. I know better than anyone that he's all I need, which makes me feel guilty for not even considering this for him. He knew having each other was enough for him, for me too. "I love you Katniss, so much that I respect what you feel towards having a child. I know that you love me too, and you want to give me this. But I also know that you just can't, you aren't ready to do this for yourself, it's too hard. I understand. I want to have a kid, a couple actually, but I want to have them with you . and only you. My greatest blessing is you, and if I had to choose between you and a child, I'd choose you without thinking twice, over and over again. A baby would be so fantastic Katniss, but I want you to be happy." Inexplicably, Peeta will always have a heart to accept what I feel, and care for me no matter what. He understands, he's not unaware of what we've gone through. Irrelevantly, I've never really appreciated the maternity clothes aisle. It's amazing how many times I've wandered in there, people eyeballing me. It makes me laugh at how territorial Peeta is. When he sees people doing this, he'll shield my body. And then he leads me out of the maternity section, of course after asking why I'm there. Me being pregnant was never the case. ~Valentine's Day~ This time it is. I'll have to be visiting that section with intention this time. The thought occurred to me only a little after I threw up Peeta's special breakfast. It's a shame, too. It was a really yummy breakfast. This also explains my constant need for food. My period is late. This only adds on to the problem. Evidence of pregnancy. I give my self