A Penny for Your Thoughts Chapter 1 Aria Aria stared at the strange men sitting across from her at the breakfast table, her face expressionless. They wolfed down the waffles she'd given them, then the oatmeal, then the frosted flakes, and were now working on the eggs, toast, and bacon. The dark-haired one was good looking, but it was the blonde one she couldn't keep her eyes off of. He was like supermodel-angel perfect. Of course he was an elf. She shook her head and looked down at her hot chocolate. That's right, a voice in her head told her. You see them, his ears are pointed, he is an elf. Yeah, well after what you've been through, a different voice answered, I wouldn't be surprised if you were seeing things. We are of the same mind, Genius, the first voice retorted, we went through the same thing. I'm still the sanity of the outfit. Well, if you're the sanity, then we're in trouble, because you're talking to yourself. SHUT UP! Both of you! Aria's command voice commanded. We don't have time for your arguing now. We have to find out what these guys are doing here and what they want. They look like Aragorn and Legolas. The first voice, Insane Thinking, answered. Thank you, Captain Obvious! Aria's sanity, or Sane Thinking, answered to that. None of us noticed. The ears weren't obvious at all! Okay, don't give me any of your crap! I felt like I had to say it since no one else was gonna! I would have. Answered a new voice, Aria's Enlightening Thinking. "Thank you." Aria looked up at the sound of the dark-haired man's voice, blocking out the individual thought types as they argued with each other. "You have been most gracious and kind to us." "Oh," Aria started, surprised, "It was nothing." Yeah, it was something. Aria's Negative Thinking muttered quietly. You shut up! I'm in no mood to put up with you today. Aria's command voice snapped. Aria stood as both the strangers stood. The blonde still hadn't said anything, and Aria couldn't help but wonder if his voice was as intoxicatingly beautiful as everything else about him. I bet it is. We should try something to get him to talk. Aria's Positive Thinking burst, relishing the fact that the Negative Thinking had to remain silent. You shut up too! Or I'm put the two of you on Memory Duty together. Aria's command voice snapped, trying to pay attention. As useful as Positive Thinking was, she need practical knowledge right now, and thankfully the split thinking of her mind didn't go that far. It was crowed enough as it was. What?! But I'm not on Memory Duty, I shut up! Her Negative Thinking cried, indignantly. "Now, we have a few questions for you, if you do not mind." Aria shook her head, both to clear her it and show that she didn't mind any questions. "Com'on, we can go into the living room and talk." She led them out of the kitchen and into the living room. She curled up in a lazy-boy recliner and the two strangers sat stiffly on the couch. "Um…We could start with your names?" Aria offered staring at them. Duuuuuuuuuuhhhhhh! Sane Thinking said in a stupid, mental voice. Sane Thinking, Memory Duty, now. Aria's command voice stated, ignoring all arguments. She couldn't shake how much they looked like Legolas and Aragorn from Lord of the Rings, as Insane Thinking had already pointed out. The dark-haired one spoke. "I am Aragorn son of Arathorn, my companion is Legolas of the Woodland Realm." He said gesturing to the beautiful blonde beside him. Aria, who'd just taken a sip of hot chocolate, suddenly began gagging on it. "What?" she exclaimed. This is f-ing nuts! They can't be Legolas and Aragorn! Aria's Frightening Thinking burst, engulfing the mind in fear. They're fictional characters made up by J.R.R. Tolkien! Aria's mind raced with confusion as the fear ran rampant for a moment. Then the small voice of Sane Thinking echoed out of her memories, saying to her, w ell, think about it. They do look like them. They are dressed for Lord of the Rings. And the guy's ears are pointed, like an elf. All of you shut up! NOW! Aria's command voice demanded sternly. Frightening Thinking if you don't stop, right now, you are going to join Sane Thinking, on Memory Duty. Enlightening Thinking snickered. You too! All of you! Quiet or you'll all be stuck on Duty together. "Are you alright?" Aragorn asked, concern spreading across his face as she coughed and made a funny face as the voice in command reprimanded her Thoughts. "Yeah, just went down the wrong pipe." He nodded confused. No way was Aria telling him she was listening to the many voices in her head. "So, Aragorn and Legolas?" she asked. He nodded. "Yes, you seem to have heard of us." "You could say that. What are you doing here?" She studied them both, trying to keep the surprise off her face about the silence of her Thoughts, no one liked Memory Duty. Then, before Aragorn could answer, "And why hasn't he said anything yet?" she burst, referring to Legolas. Aria's command voice growled mentally. Insane Thinking, Memory Duty! She snapped. And never take command like that, again! Aria's Command Thoughts turned back to Legolas and Aragorn's answer to her answer. Legolas had been attentive and cold the entire time they'd been eating and now sat at rapt attention, sweeping the room with his gaze every so often and keeping his head cocked, listening for any sound of a threat of any kind. Aragorn looked at Legolas. "He does not feel comfortable in this world, the dismal amount of magic here is causing him to worry." Aria nodded. "Yeah, there's a saying, 'The closest thing we have to magic is love, and that's why everyone wants it, but not everyone can get it right the first time.'" She looked down, fingering her mug, thinking of her troubles with love or life in general. Aria's Command Thoughts growled mentally, again. Insane Thinking, you are on Memory Duty. That means you keep them at bay, not help them come forward! Her voice ended in a mental shout. Now do your job properly or I'll keep you there all night! I'm sorry, Commander, I couldn't keep hold of Insane and keep the Memories at bay at the same time. Sane Thinking apologized. It is fine, Sane. Just do your best. You can come off Duty when we go to sleep. Aria's Command Thoughts said softly. For the first time, Legolas looked at her, actually studied her. "You have had troubles, with the love magic?" he asked. Aria looked up at the sound of his voice, awe written on her face. It was as beautiful as the rest of him. "W-well…" She looked down, her cheeks flushed. She didn't even know how to answer him. He was so perfect, so heavenly, it didn't seem right for him to be there, sitting in her living room. She didn't deserve this kind of honor. He was too good for her, for her to even be in his presence. Do you need help? Enlightening Thinking asked softly, the other Thoughts, not on Memory Duty murmured agreements and offers. Yes. Aria's Command Thought answered, softly. We do this together, at the exact same time. Make it look like it doesn't matter. They all murmured their understanding. Sane and Insane Thinking watched, suddenly attentive and in unison, keeping the Memories at bay together. "Y-yeah," Aria stumbled. "Um…yeah…my first mom…my birth mom, she didn't want me…" She paused and shifted. "Well…she abandon me…in the winter, alone…um…my first adoptive father…well…he beat me, because…well, I don't know why, but…" As she stumbled, again, the two warriors exchanged surprised glances. "My…um…second adoptive father…well, he was a drunk, he…um…he liked to bring buddies over…they weren't very nice…" Aria paused. "Well…um…I don't like to go into how his buddies were…" They were nearly her worse memories, those none of her Thoughts ever thought about. They had enough trouble with the Nightmare Memories as it was. Aria did think about her second adoptive father though. She didn't like how close this buddies would get to her. She hated the pinches, the touching, the rubbing, just thinking about it made her shutter. "Anyway," she continued, "not going into the rest, this is my eleventh home, and hopefully it stays as nice as it is now. The companions exchanged looks again. They did not like what this young human was insinuating with her second father's buddies, they had seen the shutter. But they felt even worse that this strange girl was seeing these men touching her in such an offhanded light. What had happened, that this terrible darkness seemed light? "Well, I kinda wanna know the answer to my first question." Aragorn smiled a little at the girl's brightness despite the harshness of her words, it was odd and yet relieving. Well done, guys. Aria's Command Thoughts said gently. Keep it strong. They all murmured their thanks, the heavy weight they now carried in their thoughts was too strong for them to lightly argue amongst themselves now. "We believe it was the accidental work of our young hobbit friends." Aria smiled at the thought of Merry, Pippin, Sam, and Frodo. How are we smiling at the thought of Frodo? Negative Thinking asked. Cause we're thinking about before Mt. Doom, duh. Positive Thinking answered in a sarcastic tone. Aria smiled more, inwardly as her Thoughts eased up from the heavy burden of her Memories. "What happened? How'd they manage to send you here?" She asked. "They were playing with Gandalf's staff. He was certain nothing would come of it, but here we are, wherever here is." Aragorn sounded exasperated. Aria was full of curiosity now. "Well, where'd you show up at?" She asked. Cool, Enlightening Thinking interjected. This is getting interesting. Hush, Enlightening. Yes, Commander. Now a moment's pause to acknowledge the reader, and Aria. You are probably wondering, 'What? Aria's just accepting that Legolas and Aragorn are Legolas and Aragorn, simply because Legolas's ears? There are such things as prosthetics.' Well, let us speak of Aria's character and backstory. Aria was born to a mother of no rich means. She does not remember her name, and was never told later on. All Aria does remember is cold nights in the basement or hungry days without food. She remembers vague yelled insults, including 'useless brat,' 'devil child of Satan,' and 'dirty worthless repulsive excuse of a human.' When Aria was four years old, a very long time of having to put up with these sort of things, she was found left in a ditch full of half frozen water, in the freezing grips of a North Dakota winter. She was taken to the hospital by a kind old lady, and surprised everybody by not having hypothermia or pneumonia or any such disease. Moving on a pace. She was placed in the foster care system. She was adopted by an elderly man with barely enough money to care for her. She was fine for about the first day. She was immediately beaten upon doing anything wrong. She was repeatedly punished for concepts her young mind of four could not understand. It took three years for the social services to realize that she was so harshly treated, by now this poor young girl is seven. She was taken back into the foster care system, where she spent four more years going from one home to the next, uncared for and unwanted. By now she is eleven and has gone through seven homes counting that of her biological mother. She does not know how to love or connect. To save herself from the pain of moving from one place to another, Aria now buries herself in books, friends she can take with her wherever she must go. Rapidly