Nights of Twilight Firstly, I would like to thank Fire1 for allowing me to adopt this story…. I am very excited to see what I can do with it. I have decided to completely rewrite the story, keeping the original content, but adding much more into each chapter! I hope everyone really enjoys this rewrite! I am really hoping to be able to upload a chapter every week (Sunday or Monday's will be the schedule) With that said, please enjoy! Chapter 1: The Decision Bella's POV: I sat out in the yard of our small home, enjoying the warm seventy-five degree sun of Phoenix. I was trying to concentrate on reading Sense and Sensibility for my English class, but the slight glow of my skin was distracting me, as it always did. Even though it was one of my favorite books, I wasn't as 'sucked in' as I had been before. This wasn't my first time reading this book. Jane Austen was one of my favorite authors, and I had read all of her collections long before now. I couldn't believe it was only being assigned now in eleventh grade in public school. I was always homeschooled by my mother, Renee, until I demanded to try public school. I learned very quickly that I was far beyond what they were teaching, and was promptly put into advanced classes. Those were no match for me either, and I was slightly bored without the mental challenge. Just as I was getting ready to read some more the phone began ringing from inside. I dog-eared my page, and set it down on the patio table to get up and answer the phone. My mother's hurried footsteps made me pause since it was obvious that she was going to answer it. I was going to sit back down when I remembered that it was Saturday and I would be receiving my weekly phone call from my dad, Charlie. I took one last look at my book on the table, and made my way to the small living room instead, expecting the call to be for me. As I approached I heard my mothers excited giggle, and seen the smile that lit her face, and I knew instantly that the call was not for me. It was Phil, my mother's husband. She thought he was something spectacular, I on the other hand just thought of him as my stepfather, he is seven years younger then her, and a minor league baseball player. When they first started dating, I thought the age difference was a little weird, but once I saw how much they loved each other, I didn't question the age anymore. Phil travels a lot because of the baseball thing, and my mother has always stayed behind because of me and homeschooling. I thought when I demanded that I go to public school she would allow herself some freedom to travel with him, but alas, she has been home the entire time. I watched her face as she held her conversation with Phil. Her face fell more and more as he told her that he still wasn't having any luck finding a new team to join. It pained me to see her so sad without him. I knew she longed to be with him on the road, but instead she sacrificed it all to be home with me. There had to be something I could do so she could go be with him, I wanted nothing more than to see her happy. I did try to tell her I would be happy to go back to homeschooling so we could go on the road with him, but she didn't want to hear it. I knew I would prefer it, since I wasn't being challenged in public school. I knew she secretly didn't want me to go to public school, she was afraid that other kids, and adults for that matter, would notice that I wasn't the same as they were. I knew I was different, but no one ever wanted to admit that out loud to me. I just wish I knew what I could do for her… As she continued her conversation with Phil, I decided I would make us dinner. I wasn't sure what was going on with me lately, but I have been craving red meat, almost raw. If it was cooked anything over medium rare it would make me gag, and I would vomit profusely. I went out to the patio and lit the grill. Then I went in and made a quick marinade to pour over the steaks. There was salad in the fridge already, so I pulled it out and dressed it up a little. I went out and threw moms steak on the grill, and waited ten minutes before throwing mine on for a quick sear. I went back in to get the plates ready, when my mom walked into the kitchen and looked around. "Hey sweetie, what's for dinner?" She asked, trying to sound happy, but I could see the sadness in her eyes, and hear it in the undertone of her voice. "I'm making steak, and salad tonight." I paused then asked, "So, how is Phil?" I said this haltingly, as I didn't want to upset her. Just as she opened her mouth to answer, the phone rang again, this time I knew it was Charlie, so I let mom answer the phone while I ran out to take the meat off the grill. As soon as I got back inside my mom entered the kitchen with the phone. "Bella, it's your dad." She said as she held out the phone. I put the plate down with the meat on it, and then took the phone. "Hey dad, how was fishing today?" I asked as I served dinner to my mom and me. "Hey Bells! The weather was nice today, so the fish were biting." So, there is actually sun in Forks? Who would have thought? "That's good! Did you get a little sun?" I asked. "Just a little, not too much though." He replied. We talked more about the weather both here, and in Forks. It wasn't the most loving conversation, but that's just how we were with one another. "Has anything changed since last week?" I knew nothing ever changed in Forks, but I figured I would feign interest, out of politeness. "No, not that much, you know how time just seems to move so slowly here." "Bells…." Charlie said, sounding uncomfortable, I knew he was about to get sentimental. "I know you don't like Forks very much, but… I mean… I miss you. I barely ever get to see you. Would it be too much if?… Well, if you came to Forks for the entire summer this year?" The yearning in his tone left me speechless. Did he really miss me that much? I glanced over at Renee, and suddenly it hit me! I knew what I could do for her! I could go and live with Charlie, and then she could go on the road with Phil. But could I leave Arizona? I had always taken care of my mother, she was unpredictable, erratic, even harebrained, could I leave her? I knew deep down Phil would be there for her; he would take care of her, he loved her enough. But the bigger question was: could I exile myself to the rainy small-town? I looked over to my mom once more, and watched her; she was staring out the kitchen window, the longing clearly on her face as she ignored her dinner. Yes, I could do this, for her. Now to just find out if Charlie would be okay with this, I steeled myself as I prepared to ask him the million-dollar question… "Dad, I'm glad you brought that up. I have been thinking about this for a while now," I know I was laying it on pretty thick, but I needed to be believable here. "I'd like to come and live with you… If that's all right, I mean… I would like to make it permanent." The silence on the other end of the phone was deafening to my ears. "Wha…" "Dad? You there? " He finally found his voice. "Well, Bella, I'd love to have you here, but are you sure about this? You have always made your dislike of Forks known. I don't want you to do something you will regret. And shouldn't you discuss this with your mother before making a final decision?" "Your right dad, I'll talk to mom, and call you tomorrow. But my mind is already made up, so it's more about telling her of my decision. I love you, and I will talk to you soon." "Love you too, Bells." As we hung up, I knew the upcoming conversation was going to be hard. I knew Renee wasn't going to let me go easily. I sat back down at the table, and drew my mother's attention. I took a bite of my steak and it tasted like cardboard in my mouth. I swallowed, and took a long drink of my tea. "Mom, there is something I want to talk to you about…" ~~~~~~NoT~~~~~~ Alice's POV: The day was sunny, which I had predicted. So we were all outside enjoying the sun. Jazz, Emmett, and Edward left hours ago for some 'brother bonding hunting trip'. Carlisle was stuck at work, and Esme was working in her garden. Rose had pulled one of the cars out of the garage and was working on it in the driveway, while also enjoying some sun. I was sitting out in the back yard working on my latest fashion designs. For some reason, the color blue was calling to me lately. Just as I was getting ready to draw out my latest idea I felt a vision coming on. I set down my pad and drawing pencils and leaned back into the grass. This vision had the feeling that it was going to be something very important, and I wanted to give it my full attention. In a small sunlit kitchen, a middle-aged woman with short, dark brown hair was sitting at a wooden table, a plate of food in front of her. There was a look of shock on her face. Softly she said, "Sweetie, what are you saying?" the vision zoomed out and I could see another figure sitting at the table, but the person was blurry, and I instantly got a headache. I couldn't hear what the other person was saying, but the woman responded. "I just don't know honey, I'd miss you so much. You always said how much you hate Forks, just like I did, and I don't want you to feel trapped." The woman looked as if she was going to cry, but was holding it in. "You're not doing this just so I can go on the road with Phil are you?" She looked intently at the other person, a stern look on her face. I didn't hear the reply, but the woman answered. " Okay, okay! If this is really what you want, I'll call your dad tonight and we will make all the arrangements. You will need to make a list of everything you need to do, like putting in your notice at the bookstore…." Another pause. "No, at least two weeks. Unless they can find someone else in a quicker time frame." The vision ended abruptly, after that. I couldn't wrap my head around the vision, it didn't quite click what this meant, or why I had a vision of some woman talking to someone else. I picked my sketchbook back up and started working again, when it clicked. Forks! The blurry person was coming to Forks! I gasped loudly, what did this mean for my family? ~~~~~~NoT~~~~~~ Bella's POV I was impressed that it didn't take much convincing to get Renee on board with me moving to Forks.