This story has been in my head from a year and a half, which is pretty much the last time I had ANYTHING to do with Twilight without hugely taking the piss. I came up with the idea after realizing that Edward was exactly like my controlling ex-boyfriend. This story was also written on sleep deprivation and NaNoWriMo word counting so it's a bit crazed. It's hugely OOC as I don't think Jacob is actually capable of this much complex thought (and he always has a shirt on). Never ever written for Twilight before (and didn't have a lot to work with) so I hope you all enjoy it. Being in love sucks. Actually scratch that being in love is great, being in love with a person who loves you back is amazing – it's the best thing in the world. However, being in love with someone who is in love with someone else sucks. For me it is my best friend Bella. I love her more than anything and I would do anything to make her happy. The problem is she has a boyfriend and I know what you're thinking; Jacob, it's not your job to make her happy – that's her boyfriend's job. Yeah but see that's the thing, he doesn't make her happy – not really. I mean she's never outwardly said that the perfect Edward Cullen doesn't make her happy but I know he doesn't, I can just tell. It's little things like; he'll be all loving and attentive one minute then leave for an entire weekend without telling her where he's going or who he's going with and expect her to just drop any plans she had made when he comes back and wants to see her. He doesn't like her seeing any of her other friends aside from him and his family, I mean he never particularly liked me (probably because he knew how I felt about her) and he said he didn't want her seeing me. She wasn't particularly happy about it but she agreed to keep the peace but then it began to spread. First to her friend Mike (who also had a bit of a thing for her) and then to Angela and Jessica too. I can understand me and Mike (because in his mind we're a threat) but why stop her from seeing the girls? Maybe I'm biased when I say this because I'm in love with her but he's not a good guy and she deserves much better. I'm not saying she deserves me or anything but I'd be much better for her than he would, hell anyone would be better for her than he would. Everyone thinks so; her friends, her dad, my dad – my dad says he wouldn't trust the Cullen family with a ten foot pole never mind with someone like Bella, I tried to ask him why once but he just brushed me off saying that it wasn't for me to know. But there's nothing I can do really – there's nothing I can do to change Bella's mind about him. I've always said that as long as Bella is happy then I'll not do anything to upset her happiness and until she openly admits that she's unhappy with the stupid quiff haired idiot then there is nothing I can do. There's nothing I would do because I sure as hell don't want to be the one upsetting her. She won't hear a word said against him (and I know this because Jessica told me – I'm not stupid enough to try and talk to her about him, that would just lead to problems) and he's got this hold over her that only she can break. So for now I have to make do with occasionally seeing her when I think I can get away with it (hey I'm not going to stop seeing her just because he says he doesn't want us to hang out) and if she ever gives me even the slightest inclination that she's unhappy then I'll be round like a shot to bring her back to her senses and comfort her when she needs it. I'll always be there to help her, it's just a shame she'll always belong to someone else… I heard a pebble tap against my window bringing me out of my usual nightly pinning over the girl I love that I can never have (not that that's all I do it just seems to take up the vast majority of my time when my thoughts turn to her). I turned to stare in confusion at the window, sure that it was just the wind blowing a tree branch against the glass when I actually saw a second small pebble hit the pane. I throw the magazine I had been flicking through to the floor and make my way over to the window, treading carefully so as not to wake my dad. I didn't know what time it was but judging by the dark sky outside, it was probably around one in the morning. I pushed the window up and open just after the third pebble hit it and stuck my head out. Looking down I saw Bella holding a handful of small pebbles and shivering in the cold, her hair whipping against her face in the wind. She pushed it out of her face and smiled softly when she saw me. I continued to stare in confusion for a full minute before I noticed her beaten up old truck a few feet away from where she was standing. Why had she driven all the way out here in the middle of the night? "Bella?" I called softly, leaning further out of the window. "What are you doing here?" "I needed to see you." she replied, her quiet voice almost getting lost on the wind, after a short hesitation. "Can I come in?" "Sure, sure." I replied. I was pretty sure that I still looked surprised as hell at the fact that she had turned up at my house out of the blue in the middle of the night but she was here so I wasn't going to leave her standing in the cold. I left the window and slid it closed again, my head spinning. She said she needed to see me and, even though it may not be because of the reasons my mind came up with (like she had finally seen sense and dumped Edward once and for all), any port in a storm and all that. I picked up a shirt off the floor, giving it a quick sniff before putting it on and quietly making my way down the stairs to the door. When I opened it she was standing with her back to me, her gaze towards her car and her arms folded across her chest for warmth, but she turned when she heard the door. She gave me a shy smile, keeping her arms across her chest protectively and not making any move to come in even though I could tell she was freezing – she was only wearing a thin jersey after all. "Hey." she said softly. "Hi." I said trying to sound happy to see her but it just came out as a surprised exhale, I was too shocked to do anything else. I continued to stare until I realised that she wasn't going to say anything else. "Um, do you want to come in?" "Ok." she murmured as if actually coming inside out of the freezing cold was the last thing she was thinking about. I stepped back from the door and she stepped inside. "My dad's asleep; we won't be overheard in my room." I whispered as I gestured up the stairs to my bedroom. "Ok." she nodded and silently made her way up the stairs with me following behind her. When we reached my bedroom I hurried in before her and shoved the clutter off my bed so she could sit down (I didn't want her to take too close a look at some of the magazines on my bed). She perched on the edge, as if she felt like she shouldn't be here and, in her mind, she probably shouldn't be – she knew that Edward didn't like her spending time alone with me (if at all) and that he'd have a fit if he knew she was alone with me in my bedroom. I waited for her to say something but she just continued to sit there, looking at her hands as she pulled the sleeves of her jersey down to cover them. "So," I began a little shakily. "what brings you all the way out here at," I cast a quick glance at the clock. "half past one in the morning?" "I had a fight with Edward." she said quietly. I looked at her, waiting for her to continue but I very quickly realised that that was all she was going to say so I would have to be the one to steer the conversation. "What about?" I asked not taking my eyes off her and her not taking her eyes off her hands. I was going to drag these answers out of her if I had to (and by the looks of this I was going to have to). She had come to me so I was going to make her talk. "It was a stupid fight." she stated. "Jessica invited me and Angela over to hers for a girl's night in and I was getting ready to go but when he came over and saw me packing he flipped out. He said that I had forgotten that we were supposed to spend the evening together, I said I hadn't – which was only half true, I had sort of forgotten – but I never get to see the girls anymore so I wanted to go spend the night with them and that I could go over to his tomorrow and spend the whole day with him. Then he got really angry…" she tailed off. I could feel myself getting angrier and angrier as she spoke; he was always doing this to her, isolating her from everyone she knew. My fist and my jaw both clenched and I swear to god if she was about to tell me that he'd hurt her in any way then I would go over to his house and beat the living crap out of him for it. "What did he do?" I managed to get out, my voice coming out as a growl. At the tone of my voice she immediately looked up, her eyes wide with worry. "Nothing like that." she explained hurriedly. "He just shouted a lot and I don't know what made me do it – maybe I was just sick of taking all the crap that he's been piling on me for so long – but I started shouting back. We then ended up going round and round in circles getting angrier and angrier with each other until I finally just walked out." My heart leapt at that, did that mean she had finally left him for good? "Did you…?" I began I don't know where I was going with that question but she came to her own conclusion and shook her head. "No I told him I needed some time to calm down and that I'd call him once I had." she stated. "He then started crying, saying how much he loved me and that I was his world and that he didn't want to lose me. I told him he wouldn't; I just needed a little time to calm down because he'd pissed me off so much. He seemed to accept that more and let me go, he said that he would come over tomorrow and we could talk things over, meaning he'll talk and I'll listen or something like that." she finished a little sadly before sighing.