A/N: This story was written for the Fandom for LLS fundraiser earlier this year, and I'm excited finally to be able to post it for everyone to see! The title and the lyrics featured in the story are from Imagine Dragons's "Demons." And I owe a huge thank you to my friend, Kristen, who proofread this for me at the very last minute! When your dreams all fail, And the ones we hail, Are the worst of all. And the blood's run stale, I want to hide the truth, I want to shelter you, But with the beast inside, There's nowhere we can hide. district 1. The academy committee chooses her, and she swallows the bile that rises in her throat. They don't ask whether or not Katniss wants to do it, whether she accepts, whether this is something she would choose for herself. It isn't about what she wants. She smiles and thanks the committee for the privilege to represent the district in the Seventy-Fourth Hunger Games. It doesn't take long for news to spread. As she walks down the street, Glint Hawthorne falls into step beside her. He is her best friend, the only person at the academy who doesn't make her feel as murderous as she is supposed to feel. The very first day they were trained, Glimmer Greystone taunted Katniss about her name, and Glint charged to her rescue, shoving Glimmer, kicking her stomach, making the trainers laugh in delight at the five-year-old boy who was already chomping at the bit to fight. Glint asked Katniss what her name was, and she stuttered out the answer. Her father likes exotic flowers, she tried to explain. And Glint grinned, calling her "Catnip." He wouldn't listen when she tried to correct him, and she stopped trying as weeks passed, as they become friends, as they were trained, and he surpassed every other boy in brute strength and she turned deadly with her bow, hitting the heart every time. "I suppose you've heard," Katniss says, rounding the corner. Glint nods, and he slings his arm around her shoulders. "Are you ready to slaughter everyone?" he asks, and she glances up at him, towering over her, two years older. The stupid boy was desperate to fight in the Games for years, and he was finally picked to be the male tribute this year. His face is familiar to her, is handsome, sparkling eyes and confident smiles. But he isn't who he used to be. (Or maybe he was this way the entire time, and she never wanted to realize it.) Katniss shrugs his arm off her shoulders, and he laughs. "Don't worry," he says, swiftly pinning her against the nearest wall, and the bakery bricks are sharp against her shoulder blades. "I'll make your death as painless as I can," he tells her, smirking. She rolls her eyes, twisting her leg around his too quickly for him to stop and forcing him to his knees. Anger flashes across his face, but she stalks off, and she hears him start to chuckle. He likes that she is as fierce as he is; it's probably why they've stayed friends over the years, to be honest. The sun is sinking, the sky pink, and everything sparkles, dazzling to behold. It's blinding at noon, when the sun reflects off the glass fountains, off the diamond dust that twinkles in the benches, off the opals that line shop doors painted with a shimmering pearly sheen. But dusk is simply pretty, the whole world seemingly softer. The sun is about to drop behind the mountains when Katniss reaches the plaza apartments. The doorman tips his hat to her, and she doesn't cower as she crosses over marble floors and under crystal chandeliers, taking the carped lift to the twenty-eighth floor. Her family might not be as wealthy as those who live in the plaza apartments, but she won't be ashamed that her father works. The entire twenty-eighth floor is for the Mellark family, and Katniss finds Pyrite in his bedroom, a room larger than the entire basement apartment where her family lives. A window stretches across the whole wall behind his bed, making the room glow with the sunset. The other walls are painted with diamond dust to look like the mountains, but his own drawings are papered over everything. The television is tuned to another cooking competition, and Katniss rolls her eyes as she flops onto the bed. It draws his attention, and Pyrite turns to look at her. "I heard," he says, voice soft, but she doesn't try to explain, not when her eyes land on the purpling bruise that marks his swelling cheek. Sometimes, she wishes she could kill Mrs. Mellark. "Don't," Pyrite whispers, as though he can see her thoughts. "Don't, Katniss." She bristles. "I hate that you let her hurt you," she tells him. "And I hate the look in your eyes," he replies. Katniss shakes her head. "I can't help being angry that you don't stand up for yourself!" "What am I supposed to do?" he asks. "I'm not about to attack my mother." He is defensive, shoulders tight. "I'm sorry I'm not as violent as Glint Hawthorne, but I'm not going to hurt her." His stares, unwavering, white blonde curls sweeping across his forehead. And her fury starts to settle in her stomach, because he isn't violent, and she loves him for it, this sweet, lovely boy who is among the wealthiest in the district but never bets on the Games, who is as strong as Glint and Marvel but is among the few boys who are happy not to be at the academy. Her sweet, sweet boy, as pretty as the glittering stones for which his mother named him. She crooks her finger at him, making the smile spread slowly across his face. He crawls onto the bed, onto her, his hands running over her thighs, and she touches his unmarked cheek, holds his face with her hand as she presses feathery kisses against his bruised skin. His fingers fumble with the drawstrings on her training trousers, and she cards her fingers through his hair when he starts to press hot, open-mouthed kisses to her throat. He nips at her pulse point. She lifts her hips to help him take off her trousers. Her hands slide under his cashmere shirt. And she starts to melts under him, his steady hands shaping her flesh to make her softer than she really is, his kisses as sweet as can possibly be, trying to undo everything the academy teaches her. Afterward, her body flushed and boneless beneath him, his head resting between her breasts, he says it. "I don't want you to be the tribute, Katniss," he whispers, breath warm against her breast. His oldest brother was trained at the academy. He was selected for the Games. He died. She ghosts her fingers absently over his bare shoulder. "The committee selected me," she says. "But the rules say that you have to volunteer," he insists. "Don't. Stay silent, and someone else won't be able to stop herself. Think about it. I bet Glimmer would leap at the chance to volunteer." She bites her lip. "I've been trained my entire life for this," she says. He tilts his head to look at her, his chin on her breastbone. "It's not like you asked to be plucked from school when you were five," he tells her. "And you don't want to be the tribute, do you?" His eyes are earnest, because he believes with absolute certainty that she isn't as cruel as Glimmer, as violent as Glint, as bloodthirsty as everyone else they've trained. She wants to believe he is right. She isn't as convinced as he, though. "No," she says. "I don't." She brushes his curls from his forehead. He smiles crookedly. The swelling in his cheek isn't as bad. "I'll be finished with school in two years," he says, "and I'll have my inheritance. I can open my own bakery, and we can marry —" She smirks. "I'm sure your mother would love that," she says. The only thing Mrs. Mellark hates more than his ambitions to bake is his affection for Katniss. "I don't care," he declares. "I like pastries, and I love you." And she laughs at him. She can't help it. He leans up to kiss her, smiling. And he catches her gaze, his nose brushing hers as he raises his eyebrows at her. "Okay," she agrees. "I won't volunteer." It's dark out when she leaves, and she passes his mother in the foyer; the woman glares hatefully at Katniss, a girl from the mining class who is audacious enough to try to snare a boy from the merchant class. Katniss sneers at Mrs. Mellark, meeting her hatred with hatred, and slams the door. She walks across the town, every step familiar, until the shiny, pretty world starts to fade. It isn't as pleasant outside the town square, away from the academy, away from the mansions that border the Capitol, away from the plaza apartments; it's dingier, the diamond dust faded, rust peaking out behind opals that lost their luster years ago. It's where Katniss is most comfortable. The Reaping is the very next week. Her father kisses her cheek, his eyes sad. He doesn't know that she doesn't plan to volunteer. It'll be an embarrassment to the academy when she doesn't, but her father will be pleased. Her mother helps her with her hair, pinning the braids up with her own beloved diamond beret. And Prim takes her hand, forehead pinched. "I don't want you to volunteer," she admits. Katniss kisses her cheek. "Don't worry, Little Duck," she says, adding at a whisper, "I won't." She winks, and Prim beams. She really intends not to volunteer. But her heart stops when they say it. Primrose Everdeen. And she panics, because her sister is twelve, isn't trained, wouldn't survive the very first night, and Katniss needs to volunteer, because someone else might not, and Prim would be sent into the Games. Katniss screams the words before her sister reaches the stage. It isn't how someone volunteers, and everyone is confused, some disapproving, others amused, but Katniss doesn't care. She hugs her sister, and she walks to the stage, waiting for everything to be settled. It doesn't take long, and she is officially the tribute for District 1. She stares out at the crowd. Her eyes water at the dazzling spectacle that is the town square. But maybe it's better, because she doesn't want to see Pyrite. Doesn't want to see his reaction. He needs to understand. He will. Her stomach drops, though, when she realizes that he is going to watch her kill on national television. He will see that she is like every other child trained at the academy. Cold. Deadly. Heartless. Another name is read, the male tribute. Katniss doesn't recognize it. She waits for Glint to volunteer, but someone else beats him to it. She gapes, stunned. Glint looks furious, but Pyrite stalks towards the stage, undeterred, everyone else silent. He wasn't trained. The committee didn't select him. This isn't how it works. Katniss expects Glint to start something, expects everyone to argue, but no one says anything as her sweet boy takes the stage. Because, for the first time, Pyrite Mellark looks ready to kill. district 2. Her father dies in the quarry mines when she is six. The accident killed three dozen men, and the entire village suffers for it, too many women widowed, too many children made fatherless. And most manage to find their feet, living off government subsidies until they can support themselves. But Mrs. Everdeen can't recover, and the man from the council comes to their small, thatched house. He looks at Prim, feverish and fussy, dying, and he looks at Katniss, bones protruding from sallow skin, sickly and unwashed. And, unsurprisingly, he takes them from their mother. Katniss wants