a/n: I said I wouldn't be able to write for a few days, but I was so excited for this story I've spent time that should be spent elsewhere on this. oh, well. This is a historical AU, and I'm sure it'll have historical inaccuracies, but I've tried my best with the time and the resources I have. I apologise in advance to any Civil War fanatics. The current outline is ten chapters, but I'm pretty terrible about predicting how many words a scene I planned will take to write, so that may change. This is the day he will finally ask. He repeats that to himself. This is it. He smoothes his hair back as he takes another long look in the mirror. He looks as presentable as he possibly can, hands and face clean, hair brushed, a fresh shirt and vest on. If his mother could see him, she would tell him to put on a walking suit before he went out, or at least a frock coat, because she doesn't need the entire town to call her son a hayseed. But he knows that Katniss doesn't like ostentatious displays, that she will feel easier around him if he isn't dressed up to the nines. She doesn't care for that balderdash, and he likes that she doesn't. This is it. He nods at himself in the mirror. He murmurs his prepared speech. He can do it. He hurries down the stairs and heads straight for the door, but he hesitates when he sees his frock coat and his hat. Maybe he should wear them. He doesn't want to make her think he doesn't have a sense of propriety, or that he doesn't make enough money to afford a coat let alone to support her. "Wear the coat," Rue says, popping her head out from the kitchen. "It makes you look handsome." He nods. "Yes. But my frock, not my overcoat or my walking suit." But he hesitates, waiting until she nods agreement to that, too. She does. "Yes. The frock." He pulls it on, and he puts on his hat. He looks over at Rue, and she smiles. "Perfect." It isn't a short walk from town to the outskirts where she lives, but he doesn't mind. It lets him take a few more minutes to prepare himself. He needs to do this right. The road becomes muddier as the streets slowly start to narrow, and the houses become crowded together, their walls darkening with coal dust. And it's louder, too, with the shouts from children scattered in the alleys, running under clotheslines, giggling, playing ball. He tips his hat at one little girl, and her dark cheeks turn pink. No one seems to think him suspicious, thankfully, even this far from town; it likely wouldn't have been like that only a few months ago, but the prospect that Virginia might join the secession makes people assume he is around to talk politics with someone, perhaps deliver a message, make plans. Her house is further down, among the better houses in the Seam, with a front porch and a sparse, brown yard where a skinny goat is kept penned in. He knows her grandfather bought the land and built the house himself, passing it down to her father, and he knows it is a point of pride for her. He can feel himself sweating through his shirt, but he can blame the sticky April afternoon for that. He wipes his face on his handkerchief, though, before he steps up onto the porch. The door is open, but the screen door is closed, and he takes off his hat, knocks on the door frame with a shaky hand, and nervously shifts from foot to foot as he waits. He swallows thickly. This is it. Finally. This is the day he will ask Katniss Everdeen to marry him. This is it. And she is suddenly walking towards him, stealing his breath, her hair neatly pinned up, circled by a braid, hunting boots she shouldn't wear peaking out from under her dress, her sleeves rolled up, her hands pink from washing. Her face is purposefully blank when she appears, but she almost seems to brighten a little when she recognises him. "Mr. Mellark," she greets. "Good afternoon." She stops, staying behind the screen door. He nods. "Good afternoon, Miss Everdeen." He turns his hat a little in his hands, his palms shamefully sweaty. She stares right at him, but this is it. He just needs to ask. He practised this, didn't he? He can do it. "I, um, I —" He can't manage to spit it out. He needs to tell her that he has always admired her beauty and her strength, that he knows she deserves to be courted like a lady and that he would be honoured to court her should she want, but already his own feelings compel him to ask if she — "Mr. Mellark, is something the matter?" she asks, frowning a little. He stares at her. Just spit it out. Just say it. Her beauty and her strength, start with that. Just say it. The country is fractured, war a painfully possible prospect, yet his knees buckle at this small task. He reprimands himself, tries to force himself to stay calm, for he need have only a little courage. "I came to call on you today," he starts bravely, "because I — I need a little blue mass." And he looks at his shoes, fingers curling into the brim of his hat. He just couldn't do it. He just couldn't. He is not a brave man, not at all. "Of course," she says, voice relaxed. "For your mother?" He nods. "Yes, ma'am. I know I ask for it a lot, but her head continually plagues her —" "I understand, Mr. Mellark," she says, voice warm enough that he dares to look at her. "No need to be troubled about it. As long as you can pay, my mother keeps plenty to sell. I'll be just a moment." She disappears back into the house. "Yes, I can pay," he mutters pathetically to himself. "That's all I can do. Pay for pills my mother doesn't need." He pulls out his change purse. He should've worn his walking suit. It would've made him more courageous. He sighs, annoyed at himself. Maybe he can still — "Here you are, Mr. Mellark." She pushes open the screen door, and she holds out a small little bottle. His hand shakes a little as he takes it from her and his fingers brush hers, but it only lasts an instant, and he drops a dime into her open palm. "Thank you, sir." She offers him a small smile. He nods, telling himself to take this last chance, but she is already turning away, the screen door closing. He puts his hat on, pocketing the pills. "And thank you, Miss Everdeen." She nods, and he starts down the steps, is off the porch, crossing the yard, when he just manages to do it. "Miss Everdeen," he says, and she looks back at him. "I also — may I say that you — you look particularly pretty today." There. That's something, at least. He is almost afraid to see her reaction. "Thank you, Mr. Mellark," she murmurs, and he wishes he could read her expression better. He turns on his heel and hurries towards the street. Maybe that wasn't such a good idea. And why did he say today when she looks particularly pretty everyday? She probably thinks him pompous. He doesn't understand how she does that to him. He isn't like this with anyone else; he can easily charm Delly Cartwright until she all but cries through her laughter, and he certainly doesn't act like a chump with the girls his mother presses him to court. But Katniss Everdeen looks at him, and he can't remember how to breathe properly, let alone tell her he is madly, hopelessly in love with her. The moment he walks in the bakery back door, Rue smiles eagerly at him. "What did she say?" "I didn't ask," he confesses, stripping off his coat and his hat. Rue hangs them for him, and he can hear his brother and his sister-in-law Lorie in the kitchen, probably annoyed that he disappeared for no reason in the middle of the afternoon. "I just couldn't. She would've laughed in my face, Rue." "No," Rue says, "no, sir, I don't believe that. Just wait. The next time you try, when you do ask." "No," he says, shaking his hand. "I shall never be able to ask. Never." "You shall ," she insists. "This was only your twel — thirt — fourteenth try, sir. You shall. Soon." He snorts, petulant. "Only my fourteenth time. That's just hunky dory, Rue." He starts towards the kitchen, knowing she can't continue the conversation when they're in the kitchen, his family able to listen in. As much as he loves them, he just can't talk to his family about Katniss. He only really trusts Rue with that talk; his family likely wouldn't approve, or at least his awful mother wouldn't. That wouldn't matter if Katniss agreed to marry him; he would ignore anything his mother might feel the need to say, and he would marry her regardless. But why bother to handle all the nasty comments his mother will toss at him before he even works up the courage to talk to her properly? Bannock doesn't ask where Peeta was; he only tells him a fresh cake is ready to be iced. Peeta nods, and he pulls off his vest, tosses it over a chair, and rolls up his sleeves. Bannock runs the bakery these days, now that their father can't do much more than sit up in bed, but Peeta works under him, helps with the cakes mostly, because he doesn't have any other work to do, and Bannock pays him enough money that Peeta can both support Rue and buy countless pills. He knows his mother wants him to do what his brother Rye did, wants him to find a pretty girl from a respectable family that doesn't have a son, so that Peeta can become that son, apprenticing to his father-in-law and taking over the business. His mother actually cried when Rye married Edith. His terrible old mother, always on the make, nevermind what her sons want. But Peeta isn't interested in any such girls. Only Katniss, always Katniss. And that means, of course, that he'll end up a bachelor his entire life, that loony old fellow that makes the cakes, mutters unsaid speeches to himself, and buys pain pills like they're sweets. The afternoon passes far too slowly, his hands busy with the cakes as he tasks his mind to think about anything but Katniss. At dinner, he listens to his mother complain about the charity function the church hosted that afternoon, how this lady did that wrong and that lady did this wrong, and he finally escapes with his usual excuse that he needs to meet with a few friends for drinks. It is a lie, but Peeta reasons that ends justify the means, God forgive him. No one tries to stop him, not anymore. This is his accepted habit after the last month. Thresh lets him in the back door, and they take the stairs to the second floor, where George, Benjy, and Charlie all wait. They hail him with nods, and Thresh fixes a drink for him. The moment Peeta takes a seat, Charlie leans forward in his. "The telegram came in last night," he tells them, voice low, "and it'll be in the papers tomorrow. This is it, boys. This is the day that shall make history." He stops for a moment, and Peeta is tense, worried. "What is it?" George asks. "Lincoln called for soldiers," Charlie reveals. No. Peeta shakes his head. "He wouldn't do that." "He did," Charlie