TENDER FIRE Chapter One Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. You show up like a hurricane, all hungry-eyed and weather-stained. The clock forgets to tick and I the same. -A Fine Frenzy Somewhere in the south of France, a group of bikini-clad young women gathered on a beach as the sun went down on a late August evening. The ocean crashed behind them as the sun began to set, and their girlish shouts rose over the sound of the waves. At the center of all of this feminine attention was a gorgeous girl with red hair, prominent among the blonde and brown heads, her locks wavy from the seawater and shining in the gentle maritime wind blowing off the water. She was smiling as she and her friends chattered away in French. No one around them knew it, but these elegant young ladies, looking like they just came out of a glossy beauty magazine, were witches. "Oh Lily, ma chérie, I cannot believe you're not staying at Beauxbatons for your seventh year!" pouted a tall, slender girl with platinum blonde hair. "It simply will not be the same without you!" "You'll get on without me, Céline," Lily Evans grinned at her model-like best friend. "Although I'm worried that those silly British boys in Hogwarts might think I'm easy because of where I'm from. They have these jokes about French prostitutes, you know." "Ha!" Céline snorted. "We French girls are far too classy for the likes of them. I don't know how you plan on dealing with them for an entire year!" Lily Evans was a witch. She was born to Muggle parents with an extraordinary gift for magic. She had moved to Paris when she was eight years old for her father's new job. He and his wife were fluent in French, but his daughters, Lily and Petunia, could only speak broken fragments of it. The sisters were bullied by their snooty peers who looked down on them for their poor French and English mannerisms, and they were rejected. Even when they achieved fluency, their classmates still viewed them as outcasts. Just when she was wondering if she would ever be accepted in France, she received a letter, delivered by an elegant dove, from the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic in Marseilles. Her parents were overjoyed by the discovery of their daughter's true talent, and she was enrolled immediately and given everything she needed to study magic. It was during her first year at Beauxbatons, all those years ago, that she finally found a place, helped out by her first friend, Céline Girard. Not only that, she was popular. The students at Beauxbatons accepted her as their equal and did not even notice that French was her second language until she told them; she had managed to learn French completely and to speak like a true Parisienne. Now, after all of her years spent in France, she was finally returning to Britain for yet another one of her father's job transfers. "You're forgetting that I was born a Brit," Lily giggled, lightly smacking her best friend's arm. "Yes, but you're French now," Céline declared with a dismissive wave of her thin, pale hand. "You've lived in Paris for over half of your life. You're one of us." A petite brunette piped up, "Promise to bring back some handsome English lads, Lily? I'm sick of the Beauxbatons boys. They're all so droll. " "I'll try Elise, but I can't guarantee they're any good, Elise," Lily chortled. "All I want is tall, dark, and handsome," Elise sighed. " And a change of scenery. Are you sure I can't go to Britain for you?" "Hogwarts is in Scotland , my dear," Céline said with a snort. "You'd freeze to death there before you can find any decent men in that country." She turned to Lily again. "Why do you even have to leave Beauxbatons anyway? It's a boarding school! You don't have to transfer out!" Lily grimaced. She must have explained this to the blonde at least five times. "My parents want me to stay in the same country as them, remember? They don't want me going to school so far away from England." Céline wrinkled her elegant French nose, tugging at her designer bikini top and dusting tiny grains of sand off of it. "Yes, but, that crazy man trying to take over the world, what is it that they call him…Voldemort…he's from England. Wouldn't you just be safer in France?" "They say Hogwarts is the safest place in the world," Lily said dubiously. "I tried arguing with them about it, but it didn't work. Trust me, if there were anything I could do to stay at Beauxbatons, I would do it." Lily stared off sadly. She had no desire to leave behind the only friends she had ever truly had, but her parents left her with no option. With the rapidly-brewing British wizarding war, she had her own qualms about attending Hogwarts, but her parents did not understand the conflict. "Ah, n'importe quoi ," Céline rolled her eyes. "A Wizarding war in the hands of the Brits means nothing to French ladies." Céline, though Lily's most loyal friend, could be vapid at times. She was part of one of France's wealthiest families and was the niece of the French Minister of Magic. Her entire life had been sheltered from the uglier parts of society, and she had been spoiled with presents of Louis Vuitton handbags and Dior high heels and extravagant perfumes. "You and I, however, have dinner reservations at Le Jardin de Fleur in less than an hour, non ? If we don't get ready soon, we'll be late!" "Oh, fine," Lily sighed. She hugged each girl goodbye, saving tearful Elise for last. "We'll get together again later this week!" Lily called back to the girls as she walked away with Céline. She was leaving in three days' time, and next week would begin her seventh year, but at Hogwarts instead of Beauxbatons. "We better, Mademoiselle Evans !" Elise shouted giddily through her tears. "We need to help you pack!" Lily waved one last time as she and Céline walked towards the street. When they were out of sight from the rest of the girls still gathered on the beach, Céline looked at Lily and giggled. "And now, the real fun begins." She grabbed the redhead's hand and together, they ran down the street in Cannes as the sun went down. "Remind me again, Black, why we're in France." "Because," came a muffled response from behind the bed. "You need to be here for your uncle's birthday party tomorrow night and I happen to like the gorgeous ladies that seem to frequent this part of the bloody world." A tall, lean James Potter picked up the hotel TV remote and threw it as hard as he could at the tiny bit of Sirius Black's head that he could see from his seat on the room's chintz armchair. CRACK. The sound of the impact was hard to miss. "Ow! What the hell was that for?" The dark-haired, muscular boy crawled out from behind the bed, shaking his shaggy black hair out of his eyes as he held the back of his head, glaring at his best friend on the other side of the room. "You think I wanted to come here for Uncle Chuck's birthday?" James sounded annoyed as he picked up a Quidditch magazine on the coffee table and buried his nose in it, pretending to read. Puddlemere United was apparently going to be playing the Montrose Magpies next Tuesday in Liverpool. "I could have gotten out of it and we would've had the whole damn house to ourselves for three days if you didn't say you wanted to come." "Oh, quit whining," Sirius muttered, still rubbing his head where the remote hit him. "Look at it this way. We'll get free food for all of tomorrow at the party, and we're going out tonight." " We are?" James grumbled. " I want to go to sleep." "Yes, we are." Sirius said firmly. His dark grey eyes were excited. "As a matter of fact, it's about time we went out for dinner, as long as I don't have a concussion. " "Suck it up, Black." "If we aren't going out for food, the least you can do is take me to the hospital! If I die, the blood will be on your hands! " James leaned back in his chair, rolling his eyes, and tossed the magazine back onto the table. He was in a bad mood that Sirius was certainly not helping to improve, and he had no desire to so much as get up out of the chair, let alone to go anywhere for dinner. "Can't we just order food from that room service thing that Muggles have?" " HELL NO! " Sirius's tone was enough to get James moving. "That stuff tastes like burnt rubber mixed with Thestral crap!" "Okay, okay, fine. " James stood up, stretched, and ran a slightly-tanned hand through his already-messy hair. "So where do you have in mind?" "A restaurant." "Yes, I assumed as much. Did you have anywhere particular in mind?" Sirius shrugged, pulling on his shoes. "We're in Cannes, for Merlin's sake, there's got to be something around here." "So what's your plan then, just wander around until we find something?" James stared at Sirius, who was already halfway out the door, beaming energetically. "Actually, yes, that was in fact my plan." James still looked disgruntled. Sirius continued cajolingly, "Come on, man, I don't know why you're in such a bad mood. A good meal will make you feel better, I promise. It's a beautiful night, and you haven't left the room all day." James sighed to himself and heaved out of the chair. He knew Sirius had a point, and he pulled on his shoes. "You're right, Padfoot. Maybe I am being a bit of a downer." "I knew you'd come 'round," Sirius chirped with a doggish grin. "Come on mate, let's get going." And within five minutes, the two seventeen-year-old boys were out the door, looking devilishly handsome. In less than a week, they would enter their seventh year at Hogwarts. Best friends since they were eleven, the duo were like brothers—inseparable. Together they strode through the streets of Cannes, down the famous Promenade de la Croisette, clad in tight-fitting black shirts and dark jeans. They looked like the types of young men that mothers warned their daughters to stay away from. As they strode down the avenue, Sirius shot James a sidelong glance. "So, Jamesie, you don't happen to know any French, do you?" He winced, closing his vibrant hazel eyes for a second. "Not particularly. I thought you said you were fluent." "Hm, did I say that?" Sirius replied nonchalantly. "I must have misspoke." He quickly side-stepped a swift elbow to the ribs that James tried to deliver. "We'll survive, don't worry, Pro—oh, Merlin. " Sirius stopped dead in his tracks, and James followed his gaze. His eyes were locked on two girls, one blonde and one a redhead, walking towards them on the other side of the sidewalk, arms linked, laughing; both were unbelievably beautiful. They were slim, tall, and model-like, each with long, flowing hair in waves that made them look like living mermaids. The moment James caught sight of them as well, he was transfixed. The girls were gorgeous, happy, and talking to one another in rapid French. They couldn't be a day older than seventeen. "I think I'm in love," Sirius breathed, unable to tear his gaze away from the two young women who were still strolling down the street. "Look at them. They're perfect." "I'm starting to think France isn't so bad after all." James looked like he was about to start drooling. The two boys waited, longing to get closer to the two, but they turned and entered a fancy-looking