Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Author's Note: This was originally a one-shot, and this chapter is mostly short vignettes of Valerie Potter's pregnancy and life with her children until they go to Hogwarts. The next chapter will be more continuous. I may flesh out the shorter scenes more later, but for now they are just snippets of life. WARNINGS: Non-explicit childbirth. "My lord?" Lucius said, stepping into the room with a bow. "Yes, Lucius?" Voldemort replied, not looking up from the paperwork he was filling out. "There's been a…development, with Potter." That caused the Dark Lord to look up. Valerie Potter had been captured two days before during a raid, and was currently in the basement of Malfoy Manor. While dangerous to keep her somewhere that the Order of the Phoenix could locate, it was better than holding her in the dungeons at the Dark Headquarters when she would inevitably escape and lead the Order back to them. "What sort of development, Luciusss?" Voldemort asked slowly, drawing out the 's' as he only did when he was annoyed. Lucius gulped, before saying, "She's pregnant." That was…unexpected, to say the least. As far as their Light side spies knew, Valerie Potter was the epitome of a pure, goody-two-shoes, saving-my-virginity-for-marriage girl. They were also relatively sure that she was single. So the fact that Valerie Potter either knew someone well enough to sleep with them or was sleeping around for the fun of it was somewhat shocking. Voldemort felt the need to clarify. "Potter. As in the Gryffindor Golden Girl Potter? Perfectly Pure Potter? Doesn't breathe without Dumbledore's approval Potter?" "She's the only Potter still living," Lucius reminded. Voldemort waved his hand dismissively. "I'm sure that there is a multitude of Muggle Potters wandering about. But you are talking about the witch Potter, correct? The one in your basement?" "Yes, my Lord." Voldemort stared at him for a moment before sighing. "I suppose I should see if Potter's willing to make a deal." LINEBREAK "What do you want, you snake-faced son of a Muggle?" Valerie Potter spat as Voldemort entered the small room she had been trapped in for the past two days. Her legs were shackled directly to the floor, without even a chain to allow her movement, and her arms were drawn up behind her by chains. It was a decidedly uncomfortable position. "Now, now, Miss Potter, that is no way to treat someone who is willing to make a deal with you," the Dark Lord chided. "Sorry, I don't make deals with the devil," she sneered. "You may change your mind quickly," he replied. With a casual flick of his wand, she was rearranged so that she was loosely chained to a chair instead. "Are you aware that you are pregnant?" Voldemort asked conversationally. Her face paled, and for the first time, he saw Valerie Potter look well and truly afraid. "What?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper, though one of her arms wrapped protectively around her stomach. "Why should I believe you?" she asked, her voice cracking. "Do you know the pregnancy detection spell?" he asked her. She gave a short, crisp nod. Voldemort pointed his wand at her stomach, ignoring her stiffening, and incanted, " Conceptum Revelio !" A saturated purple glow surrounded her stomach. "Congratulations, Miss Potter. You are pregnant with twins, a male and a female." If possible, the girl paled further. "Please…don't hurt my babies. I'll do anything…just don't hurt them," she whispered, looking for once the teenaged girl she actually was. "You are in luck, Miss Potter, because I prefer to preserve magical blood. I am not in the habit of killing mothers, especially pregnant ones. However, you have been a thorn in my side for far too long. I will not allow you to leave this place with anything less than a magical oath." The girl took a deep breath and raised her chin. "What do you want from me?" Voldemort barely prevented the smirk from reaching his lips. "You catch on quickly. Very well: I want you to swear that you will no longer fight against me or my cause and that you will change your identity and never reveal your magic to anyone else," he stated. Something flashed in her eyes as she sat up straighter, and Voldemort could feel the headache known as Valerie Potter returning. "I refuse to agree to something so one-sided. I have no guarantees that you won't just kill me on a whim! I want an oath that you won't harm the three of us, and that you'll protect my children," she argued. "Why should I protect your children?" Voldemort sneered. "Because you said I can't reveal my magic, so I therefore can't protect them myself," she said simply. Voldemort resisted the urge to roll his eyes, but knew that she had a point. "Very well. Make your oath," he ordered. The Potter girl did roll her eyes. "I, Valerie Lillian Potter, swear on my magic not to fight the Dark Lord Voldemort, also known as Tom Marvolo Riddle…" She ignored the hiss the man let out as his proper name. "…or his forces, and to change my identity and not reveal to anyone that I have magic, so long as the Dark Lord Voldemort, also known as Tom Marvolo Riddle, protects my children. So mote it be." Light flashed around her, and she looked to Voldemort expectedly. He let out a sigh, but still said, "I, the Dark Lord Voldemort, formerly known as Tom Marvolo Riddle, do swear on my magic not to harm Valerie Lillian Potter or her offspring, and I swear to do my best to protect said offspring. So mote it be." Light flashed around him as well. "Now that we have covered the basics, we have two options. One, we can provide a Muggle house, bank accounts, and identity for you, and you can go there immediately. Two, you can stay in my Headquarters until you children are born and then go live in the Muggle world. The only difference is the way you give birth," Voldemort said. The girl bit her lip in concentration. "Which is safer?" Voldemort blinked in surprise. He thought the girl would choose the option that got her away from him the fastest. "Magical births are safer than Muggle ones," he said slowly. "We have a much lower infant mortality rate than the Muggles do." She nodded firmly. "I would like to remain in the Magical world until my children are born," she stated. "You do know that this will put you in close proximity to me for the next eight or nine months," Voldemort warned. "I know." "You will be housed in my private wing, and not allowed to leave." "I suspected as much. Do you have a library in your wing?" Voldemort blinked. "Of course." "Then I will stay there, and you will do whatever it is Dark Lords do when they're not trying to kill off their enemies, and we'll coexist peacefully," the girl said, far too cheerful for Voldemort's taste. "You are aware that you have just agreed to spend the next eight to nine months with a Dark Lord, correct?" Voldemort asked again, trying to assure himself of her words. She looked up at him with big green eyes that were beginning to fill with tears. "Are you saying that you don't want me around?" Voldemort was a Dark Lord. He could deal with madmen, Inferi, and ripping someone's intestines out with his bare hands, but a crying woman was not something he knew how to deal with. "What are you trying to do here, Miss Potter?" he nearly growled. The tears were rolling down her cheeks now. "I – I'm sorry, my hormones have been all over the place this week…at least I know why now. Do you have a handkerchief?" she asked between sniffles. Voldemort pulled a white handkerchief, embroidered with silver and green snakes, out of his pocket and handed it to her, before releasing the chains around her. He grimaced as she blew her nose loudly. "Up, Miss Potter. I have things to do which do not include you," he demanded before nearly dragging her out of the chair and Apparating back to his Headquarters. The girl looked around, wide-eyed. "I expected more blood and guts, though the snake motif was entirely predictable." "This is Salazar Slytherin's Ancient Halls, not a butcher's shop. Blood and guts are required to stay on the lowest level of the dungeons," Voldemort replied. "How many are there?" she asked. "Four." She stopped in shock. "Who needs four levels of dungeons?" "A man who single-handedly invited the entire Potions curriculum of Hogwarts," Voldemort responded drily. "Why do you always brew potions in a basement? Wouldn't the ventilation be better if it was in a tower? Plus, wouldn't that reduce the risk of structural damages if only the roof of the tower could be blown apart by a faulty potion?" she inquired. "The majority of potions cannot be brewed with any exposure to sunlight, and most potions labs are warded against explosions and enchanted for ventilation purposes," Voldemort lectured before leading her to a closed door and opening it. Inside was a large sitting room that led to an equally large bedroom. "It has a private bath and a walk-in closet," Voldemort said. "I will assign a house-elf to you to take care of your needs. Do not leave this wing. The library is the double-doors next door. You are welcome there. The double doors at the end of the hall is my bedroom. Do not go in if you value your freedom. The door on the opposite side is my study, where I can normally be found if I am not dealing with Death Eaters. I will leave the door open unless I am with one of my followers. You are not permitted to be seen in those circumstances. A house-elf will show you around otherwise. Good night." He walked out of the room and closed the door behind him. Valerie stood in shock for a moment, until a house-elf popped up. "I's Kessy. Master be assigning Kessy to helps you, Master's Guest!" the house-elf chirped. "Hello, Kessy, it's a pleasure to meet you," Valerie said kindly. "My name is Valerie Potter, but you can call me Val." The house-elf looked at Valerie with the wide, tear-filled eyes that she associated with the small creatures being thanked. "Missy Valerie is so very kind to Kessy! Kessy is being proud to serve Missy Valerie!" the house-elf exclaimed. Valerie smiled at her. "Could you get me something to eat, Kessy? Nothing heavy, I haven't eaten in a couple days. And after that, I'd like a bath, if you don't mind." "Of course, Missy Valerie!" the house-elf said excitedly before popping out. That was the start of an eight month stay with the Dark Lord. LINEBREAK It only took Valerie a week to get lonely and decide that even Voldemort's company would suffice. So she asked Kessy if Voldemort had regular times that he took his meals in the dining room in this wing, which she had learned was Voldemort's private wing. Kessy had revealed that yes, Voldemort was actually quite the regular in his routine. Valerie chalked it up to being old. So on the Tuesday that was ten days after her initial capture by Death Eaters, Valerie joined Voldemort for breakfast at six o'clock in the morning. His left eye twitched as she sat down to his right and cheerfully said, "Good morning, Voldemort!" "What are you doing here?" he nearly growled. Valerie helped herself to a scone, spreading a liberal amount of jam on it. "Eating breakfast, of course. You certainly are grumpy before you have your first cuppa, aren't you?" "Are you always this cheerful?" he growled. "Not a morning person, then?" Valerie asked, nodding sagely as she took a bite of her scone. "I can