Vengeance Is Mine Disclaimer: This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by JRR Tolkien, various publishers including but not limited to Houghton Mifflin Co, Mariner Books, Ballantine Books, and New Line Cinemas. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Author's Note: Rated R for same-sex relationships and violence/angst. Lots of gratitude to my wonderful beta, Kenaz! WARNING : This story is a slash piece and also contains a later character death. I The sun beat down on the aquamarine mass with an intensity that was rare for the time of the year, even as the trees were bracing themselves for the dry, cold season that was starting to sneak up on them. In just a few weeks, the last of the holiday-makers -- mostly from the ruling nobility -- would make their ways back as the water got too cold for all but the bravest of swimmers. Autumn was upon the coast, bringing with it that desolate feel of shortening days and the necessity for nighttime fires. A low moan filled the air from an isolated spot high upon the cliffs which overhung the miles of golden beach below. Stifled by long grass and vegetation, a gasp joined it as the pair continued their tumble. A faint sniggering filled the air, and the sounds of pleasure were replaced by a frustrated growl. Elessiel was hauled to her feet before she could grasp her brother for help, and she found herself staring in the livid -- albeit flushed -- face of her formidable uncle. "Pray tell what might you be doing here?" Elrohir snarled, his grip upon the wrists of Elessiel and Eldarion just firm enough to evince winces. Behind him, Legolas stood up, having hastily managed to tuck half his tunic in and to lace up his breeches. "It is a little high on this cliff to be scouting for sea-shells or hunting for crabs," Legolas said, tugging at his collar to cover marks he knew had just been impressed upon him. Initially scared, Eldarion and Elessiel were assuaged to hear the amusement in Legolas's voice. While Elrohir seemed angry, they knew they were safe as long as Legolas saw the lighter side of things. It was no secret that Elrohir would do anything Legolas wanted, including letting them get away with this latest round of spying. But then again, they ought not to have worried, for neither had ever seen Legolas lose his temper. "We decided to collect berries instead," Elessiel said. "I do not see a basket," Elrohir said, wondering how much his niece and nephew had -- or had not -- seen. "We were planning to put them in our pockets," Elessiel said. "And I do not see any picnic basket," Eldarion said. "I seem to recall you both saying that you wish to lunch on your own this afternoon." "Not all feasts can be put in a basket, Eldarion, and not --" "Lass!" Elrohir cried with disapproval. While Aragorn and Arwen were no prudes with their children, they were still yet to pass into majority, and it was inappropriate for them to be subjected to such bawdy humour. "Yes, Roh?" Legolas said, flashing a charming smile. "Later," Elrohir said, aware of his spouse's smirk as he turned back to Eldarion and Elessiel. "Alright, Uncle Roh, we admit to spying on you, but who can blame us if the pair of you always disappear without any explanation!" Elessiel said, grinning. While still not fully aware of the exact nature of bed-play, she and Eldarion knew enough to understand that certain things passed between Legolas and Elrohir which Elrohir found embarrassing to talk of in front of others. "Mayhap the reason we disappear is because we do not wish to have you spying on us?" Legolas said. Seeing there was no way he could chastise his niece and nephew with any effect given that Legolas was humouring them, Elrohir decided to let the matter go. "Where are your parents?" he said. "Should they not be watching after you?" Eldarion's face changed, and a black cloud passed over it. Just the previous night he had had a huge row with Arwen about her excessive mollycoddling. While Elrohir and Legolas had been forced to maintain an outward stance of neutrality, they secretly thought Eldarion had a case, for Arwen's sometimes smothering protectiveness over even what Eldarion should and should not eat seemed only to be increasing rather than diminishing with the years. Not able to overtly give their support, Legolas and Elrohir had taken to teasing Eldarion about it as a means of expressing their agreement that she was taking things too far. "We escaped while she was tending to Finadel," Elessiel said, grinning, for she had not been subject to the same degree of fussing as her brother. "Also, we thought we saw Faramir arriving. I cannot be sure it was him from a distance, but Eldarion swears it was him." "I recognise the way he walks." "About time too," Legolas said. "He works almost as hard as your Uncle Roh!" "Uncle Roh cannot be working hard if he is here with you," Elessiel said, giggling. "Uncle Lass would prefer it still if Uncle Roh spent more time with him," Eldarion said, and it was difficult to tell whether he was joking. Legolas tried to smile. Eldarion's words were to the point, and Legolas often found himself questioning Elrohir's dedication to Aragorn's court as his chief councillor. The lack of time to devote to each other had indeed strained the boundaries of their bonds a good few years ago, and Legolas did not think he could again stomach it were it to happen again. "It appears we have no choice but to abandon this sojourn and instead return to your parents," Elrohir said, squeezing Legolas's hand, for he had caught a glimpse of his lover's unease. "They will undoubtedly be missing you." "Very well," Elessiel said, while Eldarion grimaced. The quartet strolled slowly back to the house, exchanging the light banter and frequent teasing which marked their daily interaction. Elrohir and Legolas had always taken a relaxed, non-paternalistic attitude with their nephew and nieces, and as such were treated more as playmates and confidantes rather than elders. Stepping into the hallway through the oak doors, a palpable tension descended upon Elrohir and Legolas. Something felt wrong, and try as they might, they failed to nail its source. "Mayhap you should ready yourselves for dinner," Elrohir said. "When has it been your turn to urge us to wash your hands and clean our faces before the meal?" Elessiel said, giggling. Eldarion, however, seemed to catch the gravity which underlay Elrohir and Legolas's jocularity, and dragged his sister away with a last, puzzled glance. "No, I must return immediately!" Aragorn's raised voice floated down the corridor as Elrohir and Legolas approached his study. Arwen stood framed in the doorway, about to close the door for privacy as Legolas and Elrohir reached it. Seeing it was them, she let out a sigh and motioned for them to enter. "What could have rendered you so agitated, sister-dear?" Elrohir said, kissing her in greeting. "We have hardly arrived for two days and you plan to return within the hour! May I remind you remind you that your duty to your family supersedes you duty to Gondor?" Elrohir and Legolas exchanged looks. This was familiar territory to them, for their own relationship was often rocked by the need to balance family and state. Arwen was usually tolerant and understanding of Aragorn's commitments to affairs of the state, but the birth of her latest child had left her cantankerous and even unreasonable at a level that had never been seen previously. "Ind-nîn - My heart --" Aragorn said, but was cut off by a wave of the hand. "Come to me when you have seen some sense!" she cried, leaving the room with her head held stiffly. "Your turn," Legolas said, for he had been the one who had calmed Arwen down the previous night when she had lost her temper with Eldarion while Aragorn had been caught in a meeting with one of his subjects. "Valar," Aragorn said, sinking into a chair as Elrohir left the room. "That she would recover form Finadel's birth soonest!" Pouring Aragorn a drink, Legolas nodded in sympathy and sat beside him. "What requires your urgent attention in Gondor? Can it not wait?" Aragorn leapt to his feet as he recalled what had caused the row in the first instance. "There has been an attack on the city!" Aragorn cried. Alarmed, Legolas picked up the fallen goblet and set it right, ignoring the spill while he waited for an elaboration. "Faramir just arrived to report an explosion which took place in the main thoroughfare of the third level! I must return!" "Could it not have been an accident?" Legolas said. "It is not unheard of for some miscreant's ill-conceived fireworks to explode without intent." "This explosion took out the entire street! There now lies a gaping hole of rubble; tens, even a hundred, are feared dead!" Shocked, Legolas took Aragorn's hand. "What are you saying, Estel?" "It was a deliberate attack, and they leave us no choice but to fight back. Do you understand now why I have to return to Minas Tirith? I must lead my people in a time like this, and they must not see me to be a shrinking lily-livered fool hiding on the coast. They will look to me for their strength." Flushed from his speech, Aragorn looked up to see Legolas looking at him with a vague smile on his face. "What is it, Legolas?" The smile widened, and Aragorn was gratified to see affection contained within those blue eyes. "The Ranger has truly left you, Estel." Clasping Legolas's grip tighter, Aragorn managed a grim nod. "We cannot always run from our responsibilities." "You, as my spouse, have understood that far better than any," Elrohir said, having just entered the room. Unfazed by the ribald humour as Aragorn groaned, Legolas turned to Elrohir. "I hope you cherish last night, meleth - lover - ." Elrohir was about to reply with a rakish jibe when he caught the subtle caution in Legolas's eyes. Then did he realise that Aragorn's shoulders were still squeezed in a tense ball. "Why, Estel, do not fear. Arwen will calm down by the morn. In fact, she told me that she feels an apology is in order." "A good apology is always enjoyable -- Roh knows of what I speak," Legolas said. This time, Aragorn laughed out loud as Elrohir started to flush a shade of crimson. "Speak again and you shall have to make an apology ere I endeavour to address you again!" Legolas grinned, turned back to Aragorn, and said, "At least wait till Faramir returns before deciding what to do." "Faramir?" Elrohir said, confused. Legolas grabbed Elrohir's waist, bringing him to the window, leaving Aragorn sitting by the fireplace, poking at the dying, neglected flames. There, he filled Elrohir in with the details Aragorn had earlier revealed. Elrohir sobered up immediately when he realised that Legolas's jokes were an attempt -- and a partially successful one -- to ease Aragorn's mind. "You surprise me with your reaction, Elmaethor - Star-warrior - ." "Previously I might have jumped to arms, but you forget that Gondor is not mine to run. I will not seek to impose my will upon Estel, for he should know well-enough what decisions to make for his people." Legolas looked even more surprised. It was no secret hat Elrohir was prone to getting himself over-involved with Gondor, sometimes at the expense of his own well-being, and yet now he had decided to take a step back from the front-line. "I saw Arwen's distress and was reminded again of how much you bear for my sake." Legolas leaned forward to give him a quick kiss.