Disclaimer: This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by JRR Tolkien, various publishers including but not limited to Houghton Mifflin Co, Mariner Books, Ballantine Books, and New Line Cinemas. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Author's Note: Eryn Galen is Sindarin for 'Greenwood', which was the previous name of 'Mirkwood' before the Shadow started to fall on it. I have shifted Celebrían's death about through a fit of ignorance in a previous story but have stuck with it. As such, some feel that I should add a 'CAUTION: FANON' warning, so here it is. Once again, huge thanks to Kenaz for your patience and wonderful work. x Coming of Age "Anybody?" Elrohir said as he and Elladan slipped off their steeds. "No." "Do you suppose --" "Relax, Roh; you should see the look on your face!" Elladan said, chuckling as he started brushing down his horse, showing none of Elrohir's agitation. Elrohir managed a rueful grin, but that did not stop him from starting to pace the area before the thick firs. Elladan left him to his unending thoughts as he continued to tend to his steed. "It has been so long, Dan!" Elrohir said, not pausing in his step. "What could be keeping him? It is not like him to be late!" A laugh escaped Elladan. "Do not make the mistake of thinking him still the child he was when he left, Roh! Even then he resented your smothering affection!" "I do not smother him!" Elrohir said. Elladan's face turned serious, and he paused to look at Elrohir for a long time. "Roh, I know that there was an incredible closeness that the two of you shared, bound together by your grief --" "You must be blind if you think that the only reason for our friendship!" Elrohir scoffed. "Hear me out. You should know that it has been more than thirty years since we last saw Legolas, and things will have changed! Yes, I know he does not appear any different from his letters, but he is no longer a child of twenty, hopping about after some fox he is intent on taming! I do not think that your friendship with him will change, but you must know that it is hardly appropriate for things to carry on exactly as the way they were." Elrohir had opened his to argue, but clamped it shut as Elladan's words hit true. "What will have changed?" "Well, for one I doubt it will be possible for him to sleep in your arms anymore!" Elladan could not help but snigger at Elrohir's indignant, surprised, and embarrassed expression. He knew his twin better than any other, and had been right in thinking that Elrohir had not given the matter of Legolas's coming of age much practical thought. Elrohir recovered and glowered at the triumphant Elladan. "I appreciate your kind reminders, Dan, but --" A loud cry from within the trees drew their attention. While there had been no hint of pain or fear in it, the twins still jumped up and grabbed their weapons. Shall we investigate? Elrohir said, using the channel between them to communicate without words, not wanting to speak for fear of alerting any potential enemy. Be careful , Elladan replied as they took uneasy steps into the covering of the firs. It was a completely different world within, dense and silent, the dark needles knit together in a blanket. Tightening their grips on their weapons, the twins strode forward without a sound, on the alert. This way . Elrohir's thought nudged Elladan's consciousness, and they both turned. They had not proceeded a few minutes when Elrohir spotted the sheath of a long knife lying on the forest ground a distance away. Startled, he rushed forward. "Roh!" Elladan cried, running after him, forgetting to keep his voice low in his haste to stop Elrohir from walking into an ambush. There was a crack, and the twins found themselves flung off their feet, slamming against each other. It was a good thirty seconds before they realised that they were suspended in mid-air, caught together in a large, strong net of the kind that mortals often used to hunt larger prey. A colourful string of curses filled the air as Elrohir struggled to worm his way free. His thrashing about did nothing to make them more comfortable as Elladan tried his best to reach for his dagger and failed. "Hush, Roh! Stop moving so I can free us!" Elladan said. "When I find that little worm, I will dangle him from a large tree and set a whole nestful of ants on him!" Elrohir cried. "Well met, my good sirs. Pray tell, what might you be doing in a spot such as this?" A third voice caused both Elladan and Elrohir to stop thrashing about. "Let us down!" Elladan said. There was a sudden loss in pressure as the newcomer climbed the tree and cut at the rope holding up the net. The twins crashed to the ground in a painful pile of arms and legs. "When I lay my hands on his cursed neck --" Elrohir's sentence was never completed as the newcomer bent down and helped him to his feet. He was a golden-haired Elf dressed in the greens and browns of an ordinary Hunter. His limbs were lean and his build lithe; there was a cat-like grace to the way he moved to aid in Elladan's efforts to entangle himself from the remnants of the net. His cheekbones were well-sculpted and his features delicate, but Elrohir's well-trained eye picked out a warrior's discipline in him and knew that appearances were misleading -- that the Elf before him could be a skilled and formidable foe. Having extricated Elladan, the wood-Elf turned back to Elrohir and gave a bow. "Judging from your dress and appearance, you must be the Lords Elladan and Elrohir of Imladris. To what do we owe this visit?" Alarm bells started going off in Elrohir's head, as the feeling that something was not quite right swept over him. Seeing Elrohir standing and staring at the Elf without speaking, Elladan stepped in and said, "A meeting with an old friend was arranged, but if this is his way of welcoming us, it appears that he has forgotten our threats to give him a sound beating if he were to persist in his mischief-making. You might think being past his majority might instil some respect and sense into him --" "You must be here to meet His Highness, then! It is a good thing that I happened to be passing by, for you would have been caught up in that trap for days if he failed to release you!" Elrohir gave a loud chuckle. "His Highness?" "Where is Legolas, and who are you?" Elladan said, suddenly plagued with suspicion. A flicker of amusement swept over the Elf's face, before he said, "I am afraid he is temporarily indisposed. My name is Lithroleah --" "Indisposed?" Elrohir cried. "I would like to know where he is now so I can string him up!" "It appears to me that you still view him as the child he was when you last saw him. I can assure you that many things have happened in the past few years --" Elrohir let out a disbelieving snort. "Legolas? Change? We could wait till the last ship sailed West, and he will still be the same!" "You forget that he has grown up, Elrohir," Elladan said. "Would you even recognise him were he to appear now?" "Of course! His face would be caked in mud, and his hair knotted with feathers stuck out of it, no doubt a result of a hasty flight from another after his neck!" Elladan placed a quieting hand on Elrohir's elbow, turning to Lithroleah with an apologetic smile. "Forgive my brother's temper. In his haste to see Legolas again, he has become fretful like an old woman. Getting caught in one of Legolas's traps so easily does not help!" Lithroleah let out a peal of laughter that caused the feeling in Elrohir's stomach to flutter to the surface again, and he was left staring at the Silvan Elf with a blank look on his face. "I think you will find that His Highness no longer has a habit of smearing mud on his face, although I am sure even that was an accident!" Elladan elbowed Elrohir out of his reverie and said, "You would say that! So what should we do now that Legolas is indisposed ?" "Perhaps a tour of the firs might interest you? I have to admit that this is a part of His Majesty's kingdom that our people do not frequent, and as a result, I am as much a stranger here as yourselves," Lithroleah said. "How long will it be before Legolas turns up? Did he send you in his place?" Elrohir said, glaring at Elladan, daring him to interrupt again. "You could say so. He will meet you once he has finished his business --" "He had better not be planning another trick, or I will give him a good throttling around the neck!" Lithroleah laughed again. "You forget your manners," Elladan said, although his own grin grew wider. "Perhaps you would like to take your steeds along?" Lithroleah said. Agreeing, the twins returned to their horses, taking the opportunity to ensure that all their supplies were still intact. "Whether you would listen, I urge better caution, Roh. It is most unlike you to respond so favourably to a stranger we know naught of," Elladan said as they prepared to return to Lithroleah. "I know what you are trying to say and am most offended!" Elrohir said, sniffing. "No, Roh. I am just saying we should not let our guard down ere we ascertain his intentions. Not for nothing have reports been made of this part of the wood growing dangerous." "Worry not, Dan," Elrohir said, smiling. "I know what I am doing." "Do you?" Elladan muttered under his breath as they reached Lithroleah. The next few hours were spent in a pleasant fashion as Lithroleah explained the differences between Northern and Southern Eryn Galen ecology, demonstrating his finer points with live exhibits. He was eloquent and even charming, and the twins found themselves drawn to his gentle nature and pleasant disposition. Night fell soon, and the trio set up camp, all the while on the lookout for any sign of Legolas. Lithroleah seemed to find Elrohir's eager anticipation amusing, but did his best to reassure him that Legolas would indeed join them soon. The next day dawned and most of the time was spent lying by a brook near the Western fringe, the three exchanging various anecdotes and idle chatter, enjoying the fine weather and each other's company. Evening was upon them when Elrohir was relating one of the twins' better tricks when he turned to Lithroleah and gave a large start. In his delight at hearing the details of the ingenious plan, Lithroleah's eyes had lit up, and a devilish grin had broken upon his face. Elrohir's eyes narrowed, and he pounced forward all of a sudden, slamming into the startled Lithroleah, and enclosed his fingers around his neck. "Ai!" Lithroleah cried, spluttering in shock. "What are you doing?" Elladan was over in an instant, picking Elrohir off the choking Elf. "What has gotten into you?" Elladan cried, before turning to Lithroleah. "I apologise for my brother --" "I told you I would throttle him if he decided to play another trick on us!" Elrohir said, scowling. "I know not of what you speak, Roh --" It was Elladan's turn to howl with rage as he hauled the Silvan Elf to his feet with a rough yank. "Big mistake: nobody else calls him Roh!" Elrohir shook his head, unable to believe that they had been taken in so easily. "Not still angry