A/N: Okay, so I don't how many people are still reading these fanfictions, but I was suddenly inspired and entered a "Harry Potter period" in my writing, so here you are. Hope you enjoy ;) The boy was ripped out of his pleasant slumber by a deep growl, followed by a kick to his stomach. He let out a painful groan and forced open his heavy eyelids. The smoke filled his nostrils with the sickening smell of burned flesh and his throat with burning ash. He coughed and sat up, strained by his sore muscles, feeling his guts turning, threatening to spill out. The boy took in a deep breath, calming his stressed body and looked up. He didn't need to look around, didn't need to investigate further, from what caused the smell and all around unpleasant feeling. He knew all too well about the burning ruins behind him. He knew about the bodies scattered around him. He knew about the screams of agony whispering in his ears. He knew about the faces, twisted in fear and the feel of utter helplessness. He had seen it all before, like a reoccurring nightmare. Granted, the first time he had seen this, he had been terrified and cried for days afterwards, not able to forget about the horrific images. However, he had been no more than five back then, so he thought himself to be excused, for his reaction to seeing his family and friends brutally murdered. "So, you left the States, did you?" The boy glared up at the figure hovering over him, icy blue eyes staring back down at him, with a wicked grin on thin pale lips. "Yeah, about that," The boy replied sourly, not hiding his displeasure, "Thanks a lot, for chasing my family out." The black cloaked figure in front of him chuckled and squatted down to face him, the smirk never faltering. "Don't tell me, you believe I won't find you, just because you leave the country." He said as his smirk grew, "I almost had you back then, next time I won't be so careless and miss such a glorious opportunity." The boy sneered back at the man, glaring defiantly, showing no hint of insecurity. "This game is getting old, isn't it?" He asked, sounding bored and faked a yawn to prove his point, "Don't you have better things to do than chasing after a teenage boy." The cloaked figure scoffed and stood up, cold eyes holding his glance. "Sure, I do." He said with a little enthusiasm, "Loads! And I'll get right on those, as soon as said teenage boy is dead and won't be able to stop me, doing those better things." The figure graphed the boy by his throat and pulled him up. "Mark my words, I'll find you." He growled, voice dangerously low, "It is not over yet." The boy sneered angrily as he glared back at the man. He took a hold of the hand holding him. "Get out of my head." He said through gritted teeth and in the next moment an invisible blast tore the two apart. (…) The boy woke by a hard knock on his bedroom door and groaned annoyed as he turned in bed, pulling his pillow over his head. Much to his dismay, he heard the sound of his door being opened and soon the covers were pulled off of him mercilessly. He peeked out from under his pillow, giving the blonde grown up a most dissatisfied look. "Don't give me that look young man." His dad said sternly and pointed a finger at him, "It's already late as it is. The Express will be leaving, in no more than three hours." He pointed out, with one glance at his watch. The boy let out another groan, not hiding his displeasure, as he buried his face back into the pillow, indicating that he had no intention of getting up anytime soon. The adult sighed and squatted down to face the teen as he lifted the pillow a little. "Come on Scorp." He said gently, meeting the boy's gray eyes under messy black hair and offered him a small smile, "I know you didn't want this, frankly, I'd prefer we'd stay as well but that is not possible. I almost lost you last year, I can't risk that again." "And you think moving back among the people who hate you - the people who basically drove you off, will keep me safe?" The teen asked doubtfully, giving his dad a disbelieving look from under the pillow. The blonde man gave him a sad smile and pushed away a few locks of black hair from gray eyes. "That is why this is the last place anyone would think we'd go to, which makes it the safest - for now at least." The adult replied and gave the teen a little peck on his temple before standing back up. "Be down soon okay?" He said and lifted the cover from the floor and threw it over the boy, "Your grandmother had the house elves prepare breakfast." "Dad?" The boy said, his voice was small and slightly hoarse from sleep and made the adult male turn back to him, "How can you just accept them like this? After everything…" The blonde gave his son a sad smile. "It's not really a choice Scorp." He answered, "There will be things in life, which you really don't wanna do, but have to, because of certain circumstances. All you can do is suck it up and deal with it." (...) Draco Malfoy stopped by the window in the small corridor as he was leaving his son's room. He looked over the perfect manor garden to the small surrounding town. Almost 16 years. That's how long it had been since he'd last seen that particular view. 16 years of struggles and happiness, away from the hateful and judgmental looks. The first many years in New Orleans had been some of his hardest, getting by in a world, completely unknown to him and far away from everything and everyone he knew, all the while taking care of a child. Little Scorpius had gotten Draco through a period in his life, where he had wanted to give up so many times. With humiliating jobs, which made very little money, making it hard just to get through the day to day life, Draco had reminded himself, over and over why and who he was enduring all the pain for. Scorpius had been his one focus point. His one purpose for all those years. One day, Draco had been found by a friendly soul in the form of an old witch. She had pulled Draco and Scorpius out of the small flat in the French Quarter and helped Draco into magical politics, where he quickly had risen in positions through hard work, knowing Scorpius to be safe and comfortable in the old witch's care. She had treated to the two as if they had been her own family and made sure Scorpius got the best possible education. Draco had been happy, until a wizard had appeared, threatening the life of his son. The moment Draco had learned about Scorpius' conception, he'd known the child to be special. The prophecy in the old book, he found in the restricted section of the Hogwarts library, when he was 18, had confirmed it. Unfortunately, as it was with any prophesied child, there would always be others knowing how special they were as well. Draco let out a dry laugh and shook his head. History sure had a cruel way of repeating itself. The blonde man couldn't help being a little envious off James and Lily Potter, who'd never had to deal with the fact that their son was a 'chosen one'. Being the single parent of a prophesied child was nerve wrecking. For years, there had been no one he could turn to or ask for help. Draco had been alone with the task of raising and protecting his son. Draco sighed and looked away from the window, making his way back to the dining room. Scorpius had been right to question the decision to return. It had been the last thing Draco wanted, to once again live under his parents and depend on them, but what choice did he have? There was no way they could have stayed in their old home in New Orleans, no matter how much Draco had wanted to. It had become way too dangerous as the man, who wanted Scorpius dead, rose in power more and more with each day. Draco thought about the friends they'd left behind, friends who had become family over the years. He wondered how they were holding up against the raising tyrant. They were all powerful individuals and even stronger together, but so was their foe. Draco reminded himself, not to take too long to make contact and make sure they were still somewhat still alive. (...) Scorpius sighed exasperated and threw the pillow off. Fucking Marik. As if trying to kill him wasn't enough, the wizard had to go and ruin Scorpius' life further by scaring his family enough to move away from everything he knew and loved. Scorpius pushed off his covers and sat up in bed. He looked around in the unfamiliar surroundings of what was to be his room from now on. Heaps of boxes, he hadn't bothered to unpack and cold gray walls surrounded him, turning his mood even more sour. This throughoutly sucked. His life was officially over and done. This was way worse than facing Marik in a death match as he had done only a few months ago. Scorpius would rather go through all that again if it meant he could stay with his friends at his old school in New Orleans. What was the name of this school his dad had enrolled him at? Hogwarts? What a fucking stupid name. Scorpius huffed as he remembered where he had heard that particular school name before. Quidditch. Inter school World Cup two years ago. They had been a lousy team and the seeker of the winning school, had wondered, how they had even managed to qualify for the World Cup. They had been a fucking joke. Especially their seeker. Scorpius had snatched the snitch right in front of his nose after playing for only two minutes. Was that really his future? Being part of those losers? His friends back home would be laughing their asses off when they found out. Scorpius groaned and rolled out of bed, hissing as his feet hit the icy cold floor. This house, just what was the deal, this old ass house. It was cold, creaking, drafty and overall extremely uninviting, Scorpius had a hard time believing his dad had grown up in this house and actually held affection for it. The teen shivered as he entered the bathroom. God, how he missed heated floors and proper isolation, not to mention all the perks of being the son of a successful politician. Living the luxurious life for the past six years, Scorpius had hoped the poor lifestyle was something of his past. However, although his grandparents wanted to keep up appearances, it was clear to the insider, that the old mansion was falling apart and there was no fortune to renovate it. More than anything, the fading building reminded the teen more and more of his childhood home and not in the good, happy-childhood-memories kind of way. Being a refugee sucked, Scorpius thought sourly and glared back at his reflection in the dusty cracked mirror. The teen sighed, waving his hand indifferently and the dust and dirt immediately cleared from the mirror as the cracks fixed themselves. Fucking fantastic. (...) "I fucking hate this place." The three older Malfoys looked up as the youngest entered the dining room and dropped down next to his grandmother and across his dad. "Language, young man." Lucius Malfoy commented sternly