AN: I love Everlark AU's, thought I'd give it a try. Pardon any mistakes, but let me know if you find any so I can fix them. Still not Suzanne Collins. Italics = Flashback Read and tell me your thoughts. I thought if I could touch this place or feel it this brokenness inside me might start healing. "Katniss, are you absolutely sure you want to stop by?" says my manager. "Effie, I told you I'm fine, I just want a quick look." "Well, we don't even know who lives there now, they might not let you come in." "I know, I just want to see it for a bit." She nods but I can see she's concerned, and I understand why. She's worried I'll be flooded with memories and have another breakdown. " Sweetheart, open the door" I hear Haymitch's voice through the door. I don't reply, I just sit in the corner, crying as I stare at their picture. "I know what day it is, but you got a sold out crowd, sweetheart. Why don't you channel all those feelings into your music?" he says. I pick up my phone and scroll through the names and I feel so alone. I stop on a name I haven't spoken in years and I wonder if I called him up he would answer, he would let me cry into the phone and listen to what I have to say. I wave those thoughts out of my head. Chances are his number isn't the same anyway. I hear a soft knock. Haymitch must've given up. "Katniss, it's okay if you can't go on…" "Just give me a minute…" I say as I stand up and set the picture down. I wipe the tears from my eyes and touch up my make up to hide the redness in my face. When I look back in the mirror I'm the person everyone is expecting on the stage. Clear eyes, wide smile. The show must always go on. After driving for a while we pull up to the small house. It looks mostly unchanged except for a new coat of paint and some renovations to the porch. I move to get out of the car but Effie grabs my arm. "Katniss…" "I'll be fine, I promise." I say. "We have a schedule, please don't make us late" she says. The fence is new, there are a couple small trees that weren't there before, and from the toys that sit abandoned in the front yard, I can tell there's a family living here. Walking up to the steps I can see the heat has made the latest layer of paint bubble up and it has begun to peel. A set of blue handprints is peeking from under the white paint. When I knock on the door a woman answers, she can't be much older than me. Her eyes light up, she recognizes me. "Oh my Jesus! Am I on one of those surprise shows!" she says excitedly. "No, ma'am, I'm afraid not. I'm…" "You're Katniss Everdeen, the famous singer." She says. Her smile still spread across her face. "I was wondering if maybe I could just walk around the house for a bit." She has a look of confusion on her face. It must be strange, to have a stranger ask to walk around your home. "Oh, Miss Everdeen, you don't want to do that. The house is a mess." She says. I shake my head. "This used to be my home…" I whisper. Realization seeps into her eyes and she nods. "Wow, ma'am I didn't know. Of course you can have a look around." "I swear I'll just be a few minutes." "I'll just be through here in the living room. Holler if you need me" I walk through towards the bedrooms, and I'm grateful for this woman who is letting a complete stranger walk through her house. I make it to the back bedroom. The room I used to share with her . " Katniss, Daddy said we could paint our room!" her voice echoes in my memory. " Alright, little duck, what color should we paint it?" " Green!" she says. I smile knowing she's picked my favorite color to please me. "Nah, it's all right. What color do you want?" She hesitates a bit before she whispers "pink," and I struggle to keep a straight face. I hate the color pink. " Pink it is." And the smile that materializes upon her face makes me forget my disdain for the color. The walls are still pink, though they have been painted over with murals of childish drawings over each bed. Two girls share this room still. The windows are open letting a breeze through and the matching pink curtains undulate in the wind. It's late on a weeknight; the soft glow of my bedside lamp illuminates my copy of A Tale of Two Cities. I'm struggling to keep my eyes open when soft knock on the windows startles me. I quickly look over to Prim's bed to make sure she's still asleep before opening the window quietly. " You scared the bejesus out of me." I say. " Are you finished with the book?" he whispers as he dives from the room onto my bed making it rattle a bit. " You need to learn to be quiet when you do that." I say smacking his shoulder. " No I haven't finished the book." I add. " Oh, well I did. It was great." He says with a smile. " Only you would think this hideously boring piece of literature is good." I say mocking him. We hear steps down the hall and he quickly hides under the bed. I grab my book and pretend to be reading it before my father's head peeks from behind the door. " Goodnight, Kitten" he whispers. " Night dad." I say. " Don't stay up too much longer." He says " I won't, just finishing this chapter." " Alright. And…go home, Peeta." He says before closing the door. Peeta peeks his head out from under my bed. " Okay, how did he know…?" " I don't know. Probably because you douse yourself with body spray, he can probably smell you from a mile away." I say earning an icy look from his blue eyes. I make my way across the hall to the room that used to belong to my parents. Everything is different; my eyes fill with tears and I feel stupid because of course things are different, this is no longer my home. " Dad, Can I open my eyes now?" " Almost there…" I hear his voice as he leads me through the house. " Okay, open 'em up" he says and we are standing in his room and he is handing me his guitar. " Happy birthday, kitten" he says. " Oh, dad, I can't…" " I want you to have it, baby. You have a gift with music. You deserve it." I take it in my hands while carefully admiring the shiny wood. My eyes fill with tears; this is my father's guitar, his most prized possession. " I'll take good care of it for your, daddy." " I know, Katniss." He says placing a kiss on my forehead. I'm on the verge of tears but take a deep breath and swallow them back. I don't want to find myself crying in this woman's house. "You still doing alright, miss?" she looks up from her book as I walk past the living room. "Yes, ma'am. Could I…maybe take a look at your backyard?" "Of course. Right through the—well I'm sure you know the way." She says giving me a warm smile. "Thank you." This woman has a beautiful garden full of flowers and little trinkets I imagine her daughters made her, but the thing that grabs my attention is the large oak that sits in the corner. It still stands tall, proud, strong, just as I remember it. I run my hands over the rough bark of the tree and when I walk around it I notice the small words carved on it. Here lies Lady, the best goat ever. I run my hands over the tiny carving recalling the day Peeta carved them there. Tears keep rolling down Prims face. "I don't want to forget her, Katniss." She says sobbing. " Aww, you won't little duck. You won't" I tell her wiping her tears away with my thumbs. " What if I do?" " You won't" says Peeta; pulling the tiny knife he carries around with him from his pocket. " Peeta, what are you doing?" I ask rolling my eyes at him. " This oak, it can be a sort of head stone for Lady." He says as he begins to carve words onto the tree trunk. " Here lies Lady..." he looks to Prim for suggestions. She nods and adds, "The best goat ever." I giggle a bit, but put on a serious face quickly. " Here lies lady, the best goat ever." Repeats Peeta as he continues carving words into the wood. I don't notice that I've begun sobbing until I feel a hand on my shoulder. I turn around quickly to stare into the woman's bright green eyes. "Oh, I'm sorry. I was just bringing you out some lemonade, it's gettin' hot out. You sure you're okay ma'am?" she says, concern filling her eyes. "Yes, I'm sorry. I was just remembering…" I trail off. " I can't believe you're leaving for LA tomorrow." He says as he lets himself fall backwards and onto my bed. " Peeta, I let you come over because you said you would help." I say giving him a cold look as I continue to place things in boxes. "But packing is so boring" he says closing his eyes. " My dad and Prim will be here soon and we'll have to start loading things onto my truck." " Cool, I'll help with that." " We can't load stuff onto the truck if it's not packed, Peeta. Come on, get up and help me." I say stretching my hand out to help him get up. He takes my hand but as I go to pull him up he pulls me down towards him and I don't have time to think, to breathe, before his lips are on mine. This is the first time we've ever kissed and it's not like the thought hasn't crossed my mind, but this is Peeta, and I don't know if I like how it feels. " Peeta, what are you doing?" I ask pushing him away lightly " I love you, Katniss. I love you and I don't want you to go." He whispers. " Peeta…" " No, just don't say anything. I know you don't feel the same way. I know you have to go. I just, I had to know what your lips felt like." He says closing his eyes. I nod and let him kiss me again, and I kiss him back, and after a while when we break apart I start to wonder if maybe I do feel the same way. But I brush those thoughts aside quickly because if I ponder on them, it might hurt me even more to have to leave him behind. "I read about you before. My girls love you. They buy every magazine you're on and well, I read them." I nod taking a sip of lemonade from the glass she hands me. It's hard to run into someone who doesn't know my life story. Effie and Haymitch have made sure people know about the tragedy that befell me. About the girl whose life was a struggle, but she still rose from the ashes, and here she is, making records, on the cover of magazines. "I'm sorry about your dad and sister, miss." "It's been years, but it feels like it was yesterday." I say