{ Someone to watch over me } Carlisle looked up from the medical reports he'd brought home to give another look at, when he heard the front door close with a thud. Rosalie strode into the living room, clutching to a rather large plastic garment bag that reached the ground, ending in what seemed to be like a cascade of tulle. He noticed the little trademark sign of the local wedding gowns' shop, wondering what she was up to with of all things a wedding gown. He suspected it had something to do with the revenge she'd been executing for the past two weeks. The revenge on the men that had abused her in her final moments as a human. 'Hello, Rosalie,' Carlisle greeted her politely but as usual, Rosalie didn't bother to spare him a glance. Esme turned from The Jack Benny Programme that was playing on TV at the moment, looking a little worried as well at what she was holding – probably having her suspicions herself – but nonetheless smiling warmly at what she probably considered her adoptive daughter. Just like she considered Edward as her own. 'Hello, sweetheart.' Contrary to Carlisle and Edward, Rosalie had warmed up to Esme. Not liking Esme is, after all, just out of the question. How can one not, when welcomed into her gentle heart with open arms and never-judgmental eyes, no matter one's past or mistakes. Rosalie smiled back meekly. Carlisle never spoke to anyone of it, but he envied what little bond Rosalie and Esme shared. Of course Edward knew – being able to hear the thoughts of your surrounding people had both its advantages and burdens – but he knew not to mention it. The topic 'Rosalie' was a sensitive one ever since Carlisle made the – what turned out to be wrong – decision of changing her, in the hope of finding Esme and himself a daughter, and Edward a soul mate. Though he would never regret saving her, he likes to think he would've chosen differently if he had known what misery this second life would cause her. No one deserves an eternity of misery, after all. She threw another glare at Edward, who didn't refrain from playing his piano. Which again was not out of the ordinary as she was still irritated with how her beauty hadn't yet made Edward succumb to his knees for her. 'I'll be in my room,' she stated with little emotion, making her way to the stairs. The door to her bedroom was closed silently. Esme had a worried look on her face, but decided not to mention her thoughts and continued watching the show. She snuggled a little closer to Carlisle, knowing how much the situation troubled him, even if they didn't talk about it that often. The moment Carlisle tried to resume with reading the reports, Edward decided to stop playing the piano anyway. He stood up and started pacing in front of the big window behind the piano. He clearly had for some reason a troubled mind at the moment and Carlisle wondered if it was because of Rosalie, but decided not to press onto the matter until he would decide for himself if he wanted to share his thoughts. Approximately an hour had passed since Rosalie had returned home. Esme's show was already over and now she occupied herself with rearranging the flowers in the hall, occasionally going outside to pick a few new ones, all the while humming a song. It soothed Carlisle's nerves. 'She's going to kill Royce.' And just with that, the humming stopped along with the calming effect it had had on Carlisle's emotions. The house turned silent, until Esme decided to reappear in the living room, her heels clicking on the floor. 'I thought we had a rule about sharing others' thoughts,' Carlisle sighed, though refrained from sounding angry. Edward probably had a valid reason for revealing Rosalie's thoughts, as he'd been contemplating for an hour whether to tell it or not. 'She's scared, Carlisle,' he grimaced, turning away from the elder vampire. He seemed in pain, very likely bothered by the million thoughts that were probably plaguing Rosalie's mind at the moment. Carlisle looked at his wife, who herself had a pained expression on her face, feeling deeply for the girl upstairs. 'Maybe you should talk to her?' Carlisle asked his wife uncertainly. She came sitting next to him on the couch and placed her hand on top of Carlisle's, picking out carefully how to phrase her next words. 'Maybe this is the right time for you two to have a talk.' Carlisle turned away from her. 'I'm certain I'm the last person on earth she wants to see right now.' She squeezed his hand lightly in reply, though it was Edward that spoke instead. 'I think Esme's right,' he said silently as he made his way to the kitchen. Carlisle followed him with his eyes, wanting to ask him why he thought so. But even having heard what he was thinking, Edward merely said he would go hunting for a while, rather not intruding on Rosalie's thoughts right now. Carlisle looked desperately at his wife, thinking this really was not the right decision. Rosalie would merely be angered more by his presence and with her current train of thoughts, would probably prefer another woman to confide in. Giving a little peck on his lips, Esme stood up and made her way to the door. 'I'll leave you two to a little privacy. If anything's wrong, you can find me at Margery's.' And after a last reassuring glance, she too left the house. Not having left any other choice, he placed his reports on the coffee table and made his way to Rosalie's room. When he stood before her door, he thought about how he'd only been in there once. That was when him and Esme had gone shopping for the essential clothes and furniture, back when she was only a day old vampire. Of course she couldn't come along, not wanting to take the risk of having her too close to any humans. But she'd picked out a few clothes, a bed, mirror and closet out of the few catalogues Esme had brought for her. After that, Esme had made sure the room became more and more decorated, as much to Rosalie's liking as possible. That was one of the many grounds on which they bonded; their love for shopping and decorating. He smiled at the thought. As he brought his hand to the door and knocked, he asked if he could come in. It was silent for a moment and Carlisle feared she just wouldn't let him in. Until a few moments passed and a tiny 'yes' reverberated from the room. He carefully opened the door, afraid any rushed actions might just tear away this peculiar change of heart she suddenly had. Coming in and closing the door behind him, he was met with Rosalie admiring herself in the big white mirror adorned with ornamental roses. She'd particularly liked that mirror, he remembered. He couldn't help but glance at how her room was decorated and wasn't surprised what good of a job his wife had done. The furniture had something of a baroque kind of style, which would've made it overall heavy if it weren't for the light and different hues of white, pink and pastels that were incorporated, complementing each other perfectly. Much like Rosalie herself; pretty theatrical, much to process and adjust to, yet breezy and vivacious at the same time. His eyes returned to her form and he was faced with her back again. Her hair was up in tight curls and she was making a little twirl, the wedding dress swirling graciously around her. She looked angelic. Her piercing red eyes were pointed at her dainty image in the mirror, until she moved them upwards and fixed them on the figure of Carlisle in the mirror. And with that they locked eyes, even if only for a moment. It was Carlisle who broke off their silent communication, not able to keep looking at the emotion swirling in her eyes. Instead, he put his hand in his pocket and moved a little closer, all the while trying to keep a more casual composure, even if he was feeling anything but on the inside. 'I really hope I don't have to read about a murder that happened today at the local wedding gown's shop tomorrow morning, in the newspaper,' Carlisle chuckled. He wasn't sure how to start a conversation with her as the only time he'd ever really talked to her was when he tended to her injuries and guided her through her change, yet he thought the more comical approach might be the best. Again, trying to keep things casual. Light-hearted. Seeing as she let out a little chuckle herself, he'd seemed right. She looked at him through the mirror when she spoke next. 'Don't worry, I haven't killed the salesclerk if that's what you're worried about.' He noticed the snide tone. He hadn't wanted her to think that was what he was worried about. He was here for her well-being right now, not that of the salesclerk. 'I admire you, Rosalie,' he continued anyway. 'You've killed five men up to now, yet you have not spilled one single drop of blood. And here you are today, only a few weeks old, casually walking into a shop and buying yourself a dress, being so close to the substance you crave so hard. Vampires of your age find that tremendously difficult.' She wrung the fabric of her dress between her two hands, seemingly nervous within his presence. 'It's not that I don't find it difficult.' She turned around and now fully faced him, but soon threw her eyes on the ground again. 'Not having a single drop of human blood in my system is my last connection to my humanity.' A frown appeared on her forehead and had she not been a vampire, little creases would've appeared there as well. 'And I don't want to lose that,' she confessed in a brittle voice and Carlisle knew a tear would've dropped if she'd still been able to cry. He was surprised with her honesty, but couldn't help worrying for her. He moved another step closer involuntarily, as if wanting to comfort her with his presence. But then she turned around again abruptly and the walls that she'd let down momentarily were pulled up once again. 'I know that you regret changing me,' she spoke in a firm, toneless voice. If his heart still beat, it would've made a jump, feeling hurt at her assumption. That was the last thing he'd wanted her to think of him. 'Rosalie, that's not – ' 'No, I know you do,' she continued harshly. 'If it weren't for me, five men – six after tonight – would still be alive. And isn't that what you want? To spare every soul, no matter how tainted?' she asked him bitterly, not looking at him anymore. Instead, she fixated her anger on the white veil that was draped over the elegant chair next to her mirror. 'I – ' But he was cut off again. 'And I know you created me only to give Edward someone to occupy his mind with. I know the moment you decided you'd change me, you'd hoped for this perfect little puppet to fit right into this perfect little world you have created. And I turned out not to be. I turned out to be everything you dreaded would happen. A mess. One big mess!' In her raging fit, she'd turned around and kept rambling all that had been bottled up for the past few weeks. It angered Carlisle to know this was what she'd been thinking about him. She continued her raging, her voice no longer flat and emotionless. 'You saw me and you saw a perfect porcelain doll,