A Fine Spring Day Harry sighed peacefully as he stared out of his open dorm window, his foot on the windowsill he was sitting on, his chin in his hand. It was a warm spring day — the wind drifted lazily over Hogwarts, teasing the grass and trees, and the sun was just about peeking through the sparse clouds making their way across the soft blue sky. The giant squid was lazily sunbathing its tentacles at the edge of the lake as students walked around them, making sure to give them a loving pat as they passed. Couples strolled around the lake hand-in-hand while friends mucked about or lounged under the shade of some trees. Homework was completely forgotten in the warmth of this fine spring day. Harry closed his eyes for a moment and saw the taunting image of Voldemort that seemed to never cease to linger in the back of his head. It normally shattered any peaceful image Harry held and gave him a harsh reminder of what was slated for him, but it was the sort of day that even Voldemort couldn't ruin. He smiled lazily and continued to eyeball the ant-sized people far, far below him, and he felt a warmth blossom from the center of his chest. It suffused his body, making his limbs and ears tingle with pleasure, and he rested his head on his knee as the wind teased his hair. He never wanted this day to end. If this day didn't end, he didn't have to worry about opening Slughorn up and getting the memory from him. He didn't have to worry about Malfoy's secret mission and what it meant for the future of the school he loved so much. He didn't have to worry about risking everything he was and everything he wanted to be to end an evil Dark Lord who had marked him as his enemy when Harry had been but an infant. He didn't have to worry about the raging inferno of life blazing in his chest being threatened by another life that was colder than anything Harry could ever imagine. He was just a normal boy enjoying a normal school day on the grounds of his home — Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Even Sirius was pushed to the back of his mind as he observed the day passing idly below him. What he wouldn't give for this to be his eternity. He sighed again and cocked his head as he noticed a head of vivid red hair bobbing around the lake next to a head of tight brown curls. It was Ginny and Dean enjoying a peaceful afternoon in the company of the beautiful lake and each other. He also saw Ron out of the corner of his eye, and glanced over to find him engaged in a passionate 'conversation' with Lavender Brown. Harry chuckled to himself as he thought about how happy his best friend was. He was positively enraptured by his girlfriend — something he had never had before. Harry didn't know if it would last, to be honest, but good times were abundant as things were. Well, good for Ron, at least. Harry glanced back over at Ginny to find her wrapped around Dean as closely as possible. They were going at it with even more enthusiasm than Ron and Lavender, which was actually saying a lot. Harry felt the familiar lion roar in his chest and tried to squash the feeling before it overwhelmed him, but he found himself looking away before he knew it. He couldn't bear to look at it. Why did everyone but him get love? Why did everyone but him get what they want? Sure, Ron always complained that Harry was rich and famous — he had that going for him. But Harry didn't want that. He wanted to be loved...he wanted to love . He wanted to get so lost in his passion for someone that he forgot who he was — forgot how he had ever lived a day in his life without his partner. He wanted to laugh with someone, cry with someone, rejoice with someone, and, most importantly, give his entire self to someone. And he knew that someone was Ginny, based on the roaring lion in his chest that liked to pop up whenever he pictured her captivating red hair and slender waist. What he wouldn't give to be in Dean's place right now… He sighed in sadness this time and took a couple steps into the room so that he could flop into his bed and bury his face into his pillow. He wanted to go down to the lake so badly and tell Ginny exactly what he was feeling right now. He wanted to wrap her up in his arms and snog her until they had no choice but to break apart to catch their breath. He wanted his hands on her hips and their bodies flush up against one another. He wanted to hear her cry his name in passion. But he couldn't do that. He had so much to worry about when it came to Ginny. First off, he had to worry about Ron. How would Ron feel if his best friend just suddenly snogged his sister senseless? Harry couldn't imagine Ron taking that well at all. Hell, Dean was nowhere near the level of Harry in terms of who Ron considered to be his best mate and he had been mad enough with Dean as it was. Harry couldn't imagine the fury he would face if Ron walked in on him and Ginny going at it like the hormone-riddled teenagers they were. Then there was Dean. Harry was close enough with him that how Dean felt about him mattered to Harry — they had shared a room for a good five and a half years now, after all. Harry couldn't just try to steal his girlfriend from under his nose without facing some sort of consequence. But, most of all, Harry had to consider Ginny's feelings. How would Ginny feel when Harry suddenly had to go off to war and risk life and limb in his fight against evil? Would she even understand? Was she capable of letting him go out there to destroy Voldemort once and for all if it meant there was a good chance Harry would die? Harry's heart said she would — that was for sure. That's why he was able to even consider getting together with her. His head, however, said that she wouldn't. Harry couldn't help but feel, compared to himself, that Ginny was woefully immature. She hadn't fought Voldemort multiple times and lived to tell the tale. She hadn't lost her parents at a young age and battled every day of her life until she was eleven years old, where she was finally allowed an incredibly brief respite before learning that she was being targeted by an incredibly evil and lethal Dark Lord. She didn't understand what he was going through one bit, despite being Ron's little sister and only one year younger than him. She was merely another Hogwarts student going through the motions that students at Hogwarts went through. Even if her family was somewhat poor, she was loved, cherished, and even pampered by her mother. Sure, she had gone through a bit of a rough time during her first year, but she hadn't truly experienced what Harry had gone through at length. He found it hard to believe that she would understand and accept what he had gone through and what he must go through. She didn't even remotely understand what sort of danger her own brother went through. He rolled over and threw his arms over his eyes. He didn't know what to think anymore. Hell, he didn't even know in what way he liked Ginny. Based on what he was thinking, he didn't think it was anything close to love. When he pictured Ginny in his head, what stood out most prominently to him were her wide hips, her slender neck, and her incredibly striking red hair. He had never really pictured himself with Ginny other than being lost in passion with her. He had never imagined himself taking her out or cuddling together in front of the fire in the common room. He didn't know what to make of it. Ultimately, he mused to himself, all he knew was that he wanted someone to call his own, and he wanted someone to be able to call him her own. He didn't know if the warm spring air was having an effect on him, but he was feeling particularly... romantic at the moment. With that in mind, he blindly fumbled around in his trunk for a few seconds (with his face once again buried into his pillow) before his fist closed around a phial that was tucked beneath a pair of socks — felix felicis . He pictured himself in love with a faceless witch as the liquid passed through his lips. He swallowed only a couple mouthfuls — he knew the rest would be useful in the dark times to come. For the second time that day, he felt a pleasant warmth course through his body. He felt amazing. He would have the witch of his dreams in his arms in no time. He hopped out of bed, ruffled his hair a bit, and strode out of his room, down the stairs, and into the common room, which was completely devoid of students. He popped out of the portrait hole and into the maze of hallways that was Hogwarts. He strutted through the castle with a grin on his face. Nothing could stop him today — he was a man on a mission. He was going to be spending the night with a witch in his arms no matter what. He walked through the castle intending to go straight to the lake — he needed to tell Dean off and take Ginny for himself, after all. But before Harry knew it, he took a right where he needed to take a left, and he had made another right instead of turning around. He was at the staffroom now, for some reason. He lightly knocked on the door, not entirely sure what he was doing. All he knew was that this was the right thing to be doing if he wanted to accomplish his goals. "Potter," a sinister voice said. Harry was unsurprised to see Snape's hooked nose and greasy hair peeking out from behind the door. "Hello there, Professor," Harry said jovially, taking his now Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor by surprise. "I wondered if I might ask you exactly what love is, seeing as how much you know about potions and all — I know there's a potion that brews exactly that and I thought you might be able to elaborate on the subject." Snape sneered down at Harry past that greasy nose of his. "I am no longer your potions instructor, Potter. I suggest you redirect your question to Professor Slughorn." He made to shut the door on Harry, but the inquisitive young man stuck his foot in the doorway before that could happen. "Please, Professor Snape, I insist. Professor Slughorn doesn't seem the type to have been in love before." Snape's eyes narrowed. "Oh, and I seem to be that type?" he inquired. Harry nodded enthusiastically, confidence swelling in his breast. For some reason, he just knew Snape was the person to be asking about this. "You do, Professor," Harry respectfully said. "I can see it in your eyes, sometimes — that wistful look you get from time to time." For the first time in Harry's life he saw Snape at a loss for words. The older man was stuttering complete nonsense as a hint of pink rose to his cheeks. "What has Dumbledore told you, P-Potter?" he finally demanded. Harry shrugged. "Professor Dumbledore hasn't spoken to me about you