Hi guyz! I've been reading around a while and have noticed everyone has Goode High school fanfictions so I decided to do one myself. This one is special though. It's defianatly not your normal high school... I hope you enjoy it and I assure you there will be LOTS OF PERCABETH FLUFF! Percy's POV BEEP BEEP BEEP! I groaned inwardly and reached over to slam the snooze button on my alarm clock. My hand hovered over it. "PERCY JACKSON DON'T YOU DARE HIT THAT SNOOZE BUTTTON!" my mom yelled from downstairs. I slowly retracted my hand from the alarm clock. Never mind. I sat up and rubbed my eyes. The confusion of first waking up clouded my brain as I thought of why I was up so early. Then it hit me – this is my first day of school. I immediately groaned and fell back down on the bed. My mom appeared at the doorframe with a sweet, motherly smile on her face. "Come on honey. It's time to get up." she said sweetly. "But mommmmmmm!" I groaned, rolling over. "But sonnnnnnnnnnn´ she mimicked with a small laugh , "Come on Percy. Get up." I reluctantly and slowly sat up in bed and looked at my mom. "Fine, I'm up." She gave me on last smile before leaving the room. I stood up on uncertain legs and stretched out, groaning. My first day of school was something I was extremely used to now, so I wasn't worrying at all. I didn't need to worry about impressing anyone. Most likely I'd just get kicked out anyway. I slipped on some jeans and a T-shirt and ran down the stairs into the kitchen. I smiled as I saw a plate of blue pancakes sitting on the counter, waiting for me. I love my mom. She's the kindest person you'll ever meet. She cares for everyone and always sees the other side of the argument. She has never yelled at me once in my life. My dad left when I was young, so she had to raise me by herself. I never knew my dad, and didn't really care much about him. He apparently left for his job, but mom didn't like to talk about him. She still cared about him a lot; I could tell. She always told me I looked more and more like him every day. I sat down at the table and ate my breakfast quickly, scarfing it down. My mom walked down the stairs and into the kitchen, resting a hand on my back. "Come up for air Percy," she laughed, "I wouldn't want you to choke!" I swallowed and smiled, standing and carrying my now-empty plate to the sink. "I'm ready to go, Mom," I said as I brushed my hands on my jeans. A sad look crossed her face as she turned to look at me. It pained me to see that looked on her face, but there was no stopping it. "Do you have everything?" she asked in a worried voice. I smiled, "Yes Mom." "Do you have your books?" she asked. "Yes Mom" She took a moment to think. "Do you have extra pencils? We both know how easily you loose them." I smiled again, "Yes Mom. I have everything." I saw the tears form in her eyes. "I hate sending you away," she stated as she reached out and hugged me. I returned the hug heartily. "I'll come back to visit you soon." I kissed her on the cheek as I pulled away. She looked up at me and smiled, "I'll be here." "Bye Mom" I walked out the door, "I love you." "I love you too!" she called after me, "Bye Percy!" I walked down one flight of stairs and opened the door to the stale smelling street. My blue Prius was parked in front of the door, waiting for me. It was a hand-me-down from my mom's boyfriend Paul. He was a nice English teacher who taught at the nearest high school, which I managed to get kicked out of. I climbed inside the car and turned on the ignition, the car coming to life. I turned to the window and took one last look at my childhood home, before starting down the road. I passed the familiar old, burned-down house at the end of the block. They should really take that down. There were a lot of things that needed touching up in this small neighborhood, but it would always be home to me. One thing I didn't like was change. I turned up the radio and rode down the street, preparing myself for a long ride. A few hours later I pulled into the parking lot of Goode High School for Exceptional Children. I know what you're thinking. Exceptional children? Well let me tell you a little about myself. My reflexes are much stronger than a normal person's. Like, crazy stronger. I could take down any person I wanted. My old Martial Arts teacher used to tell me I could bring down Hercules if I wanted to. But, of course, there's always a price. I have a big heart too. When I see someone bullying someone else, I react. And that's what has gotten me kicked out of 10 schools. My family first found out about Goode from my last neighbor before we moved. Goode promised to build up my skills, while controlling them at the same time. Personally, I don't think they know what they're getting themselves into. I found a parking place and tuned the car off. I sat in the seat, taking one look at my new home. It looked like a huge, stone castle. Smaller stone buildings surrounded the main castle. Teenagers walked in and out of the buildings, laughing and talking to one another. The courtyard of the main castle was gorgeous. A giant fountain stood in the middle, and extremely big, old trees surrounded the courtyard. I got out of the car and took all my stuff out of the trunk. It wasn't much; Goode told us they would have most things I needed already in my room. I lugged my bag over my shoulder and made my way up to the castle. I climbed an impressive amount of stairs to a giant pair of double doors, pushing it open and entering the building. It was completely gorgeous inside. The huge lobby was warm and friendly, a fireplace heating the atmosphere. Teenagers were sitting and laughing on couches surrounding the fireplace. The lobby was cozy and rustic, giving off a nice aurora. On the other side of the room was a large counter with a middle-aged man sitting behind it. He had ordinary brown hair and looked extremely bored sitting there. A little metal plaque sat on the counter in front of him, Receptionist engraved into it. The man looked up from his paperwork as I walked up to the desk. "1st year?" he asked, voice dripping with boredom. "Yes," I replied. "Name?" he asked, shuffling through some papers until he found the right one. "Percy Jackson." He wrote that down. "Age?" "16" I answered. "Exceptional ability?" "Reflexes." He stayed silent as he charted down one last thing and reached into his desk again. He pulled some papers. "This is a map of the school," he handed me an intricate looking map. In the middle of it was a big castle labeled Big House. "We are here in the Big House," he pointed to the castle," Here are your class locations" he said pointing to medium sized buildings that went around the Big House with names like Math Building, Science Building, and Library. He pointed to a cluster of larger buildings. "These are the Athletic Buildings like the pool, gym, stables, ect." They had a pool… maybe this wouldn't be as bad. "Here are the cabins," he pointed to a long clustered ring of cabins that circled the castle, "Every student has his or her own cabin", he reached behind the counter and pulled out a key," Here is your key. Your cabin number is 133." he dropped it in my hand and handed me another sheet," Here is your class schedule," he leaned back again in his seat, "Classes start on Monday." After standing outside of the Big House looking like an idiot looking for my cabin on the map, I set out on the journey to find it. As I walked through the intricate pathways to the cabins I realized how stunningly beautiful the grounds really were. Beautiful rolling mountains ran through the background to one side, but on the exact opposite side was a river in the distance. I pulled out my schedule as I continued walking. Part of it was a basic school schedule, Math, Science, English, ect., but as I looked closer I saw some more… unique classes. Combat , Sword Practice, Horseback Riding? Since when are those classes ? I double checked my map and turned one last corner. A group of similar cabins lined side-by-side facing a slow-moving creek. A tree with a rope swing big enough to hold two people sat next to the bank. The cabins were nice sized wood cabins with small porches and steps leading to the door. They looked exactly the same on the outside except for the different cabin numbers on the doors. I walked up the stairs and fished the key the man had given me from my pocket. I stuck it in the door and turned the knob, opened in the door. I smiled. The whole cabin was one big room; the two sections were separated by a counter. As soon as you walked through the door was a small kitchen. It had a refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, ect. Behind the kitchen counter were a king-sized bed and a desk. On the wall was a counter with a sink and mirror. I dropped everything and walked to the bed and collapsed onto of it, tired after a long day of driving. Groaning, I flipped over on my back. Much to my content, I noticed a flat-screen TV on the wall. This just keeps getting better and better. I'd never been to any boarding school as great as this. They must not have many students if they have all this just for one student alone . The school itself was so different from any other school I had ever been to. The separate cabins, the castle, the grounds… it was all so unique. I pulled myself off the bed and grabbed my stuff from the kitchen area, bringing it to the bed and beginning to unpack. I opened the closet, my eyes widening. When they told us they'd supply most everything, this wasn't what passed my mind. The closet was full of everything from plain T-shirts to dress shirts. There where jeans and slacks, workout clothes to polo shirts. I swear I even saw a few swimming trunks. I stopped as I heard a knock on my door. I turned and walked across the room to the door, opening it. Standing outside my door was a boy my age with curly brown hair wearing a Save The Planet T-Shirt. Just by the look of him I immediately felt bad for this guy and knew he was going to be eaten up in the real world. Oh well. "Hi," he waved awkwardly, " I'm your neighbor," he explained shyly, "I was wondering if you wanted a tour, or need help unpacking? The school gives me extra dessert on Mondays if I help out new kids…" "Um," I glanced at the sky and saw it was getting dark, "Well, it's getting kind of dark," he frowned, "but I'll take that tour tomorrow at school if you don't mind?" I saved. "Of course not!" he exclaimed, then eyes widening as he realized what he said," Not like 'of course not' like I won't give you the tour or anything! Just I don't