BELONGED TO It was a chilly night. The rain was falling down to the glass roof of the Astronomy Tower: tap-tap-tap in an endless loop. She was there, waiting for him. Her face turned to the clear windows that opened to the balcony where students did their star gazing looking at the night sky. There were no students but them now, though. Mondays meant there was no one here. Mondays were their day. He was a sap. It was official. He didn't care. He was Sirius Black, after all, and if he was a sap then being sap was the thing to be. Besides, why should he pretend like beauty doesn't exist? His friends didn't know he was here, of course. They didn't know about her either, for the obvious reasons. It wasn't that he didn't trust them. He did; it's just... He had promised to her, and they wouldn't understand anyway. None of them got betrothed before they could talk in full sentences. They didn't know the responsibility that came with it. They always thought he was sneaking out to meet with random girls. Sirius didn't deny it either; he was meeting with a bird, after all. He just shrugged, grinned and kept silent. The gossip didn't stop of course; somehow girls were even more interested in him. They seemed to think he was chivalrous; some kind of romantic notion about him never tainting the reputation of a young maiden... It was terribly archaic, but somehow for some unfathomable reason, people liked that crap. Not his girl, though: she wouldn't buy it. She was, of course, perfect in every way. She would sit perfectly, eat perfectly and never spoke out of turn in public -all people ever saw in her was that she was the pureblood princess of the generation, the jewel of the high society. She was the complete opposite of Sirius. But that didn't matter to them. What people often forget was that she was much more than that. She was fierce in her bravery when it came to defending those who she cared about; though she did not particularly care about many people. She was calculated and cold on the surface. She was a master of keeping people out of her business, too. She somehow walked from dungeons to the Astronomy Tower every Monday without getting a detention even once. No one ever stopped her; no one ever questioned where she was going. She was Narcissa Black, and she was the Queen of Hogwarts. Sirius half cringed and half grinned when he saw the said queen supporting a rather interesting hair colour. It was probably one of his mates doing. He gingerly cleared his throat. "It suits you," he said. She turned and looked at him, undoubtedly imagining thousand of needles piercing Sirius' skin. Sirius couldn't help but smile. She looked like an angry siren. "It's fuchsia," she said. Her tone matter-of-fact, devoid of any emotion that could indicate she was bothered by the state of her hair. Not an ounce of anger was shown; only the fire in her eyes, that particular shine in them, the intensity of their focus, how they were fixed on a singular point, the things only Sirius knew showed him how angry she was. Small things, things that could easily remain unnoticed... He reached to her, his hand snaking under her cloak and around her slim waist, pulling her towards him. "It suits you," he said again. "Admittedly, it could only suit you; it is a rather unfortunate colour. But it does. And you look beautiful." He kissed her full lips, never invading inside of her mouth. He nibbled, licked and sucked on her lips, with a slow rhythm that imitated lazy sea waves. She responded, holding his arms, pressing her body against him, arching towards him. She moaned. Gods, she moaned. Sirius pulled back, stopping his kisses with small pecks on her lips, nose and cheek. "Saying it is unfortunate is an understatement," Narcissa said with a pout that was hardly visible. The cheeky wench was flirting with him. He pulled one fuchsia coloured tendril near her cheeks and played with it between his fingers. "We both know that tomorrow you could go to the Dining Hall, your hair made in a perfect fuchsia bun, head held high, nose up in the air," he flicked her nose gently and she glared; "and people would still admire you." "Just because I know how to carry myself, doesn't mean I like it," Narcissa said and added: "And it's bad form that my fiancé's best friend attacks me like this." "So it was James, then?" Sirius asked with a resigned sigh. Narcissa nodded. "Do something about it," she demanded. "Your happiness is my duty," Sirius said with a grin quickly turning into a mockery of a sincere gentleman. "You shall be avenged, my dove." She laughed a little and smiled at him. Neither a victorious smile nor one of her innocent-on-the-surface smiles either. Her real smile... The smile of a lover, which belonged to Sirius... Her eyelashes created shadows over her pale blue eyes, and she looked up to him, almost like a gift being presented. Her lips close to his. He did what everyone would do if a girl looked at them like this: he kissed her. They made love that night. It was Monday after all, and Mondays meant Narcissa. It meant cloaks with warming charms over and under them; it meant her pale skin flushed, hot and sweaty. It meant moans and grunts and hard sounds of flesh against flesh. First Monday they shared like this was when both of them were fifth years. They both had stayed in Hogwarts for the Winter Holidays. The castle was empty, and sneaking around was that much easier. They hadn't planned for it, at least Sirius didn't. He wasn't so sure about Narcissa; she tended to plan everything and managed to get what she wanted. It was awkward, and Sirius was afraid: afraid to hurt her, afraid he would do something wrong and she would just change her mind, afraid that he would utterly humiliate himself. His hands had shaken, and he was rendered speechless as he saw her bare in front of him, her dark blonde curls covering her core. She had bled when he entered her with a single finger, surprising Sirius who expected it to happen after , once he was actually inside of her. He had stared at his finger... Shocked, mesmerised, floored. It had felt like a milestone. A barrier broken, not of flesh but something much deeper... He knew of course that it was just another misogynistic thought that a woman's virginity was somehow sacred. Of course, he knew. It didn't change anything, though; he had felt honoured, felt like she belonged to him now. Her blood belonged to him. She had looked at him, with slightly glassy eyes and laughed a joyful laughter, taking away Sirius' worries. They had made love after that. Sirius came before she could, but she didn't seem to mind. She had laughed and kissed him, suddenly free in her body. Her muscles had become more relaxed and her movements devoid of embarrassment over her nakedness. Sirius, foolishly taken by her actions, had decided he would see her come undone like she had seen him. It was then they discovered what both needed; when Narcissa had reached up to bit his earlobe whispering "Fuck me," and it was their undoing. Just like that, they knew each other. After more than a year, Sirius knew what his girl- no, his woman - wanted: everything. She was insatiable and confident in her desires. She wanted his words, she wanted him showing his baser self, that part that groaned and moaned and begged and demanded. She loved trying to keep silent, as she loved letting herself scream; and she loved, loved when he called her "mine". The reminder of their bond, that no matter what happened they would belong to each other. "Mine," Sirius said to Narcissa as he felt her clenching around him, getting tighter and tighter. An "Ahhh," was the only response he got from her and she came with a silent scream that existed only in her shuttering eyes, her open mouth and the thin sound that came from it as she exhaled in layered breaths. "Mine," he said again, continuing his movements with a newfound fervour as he found his own climax. He fell next to her, letting gravity pull him next to her. They were covered in sweat, and their panting was the only sound he could hear. He held her in his arms and kissed the back of her neck. Narcissa jumped suddenly. "Don't do that," she said. "Do what?" he asked. "When a lover kisses their beloved from the back of their neck they are sure to separate," Narcissa quoted; probably right out of her mother's Book of Supremely Stupid Superstitions . Druella Black was a Rosier by birth, and there could not be found a more superstitious family. Sirius laughed at Narcissa's worry and held her closer to himself. "Don't worry love, you belonged to me." The end of their sixth year was worse than anything else Sirius went through. He had said goodbye to Narcissa in a dark corner of the train, a risk they took every year. Not that it wasn't expected of two young people who were engaged to one another to find a dark corner to snog. But their situation was much more complicated than that. Sirius was labelled a blood-traitor and being seen with him would endanger Narcissa's reputation, and it was crucial that she had a good one. The war was getting worse every other day, and they would wait until the dormitories and their family's prejudice no longer separated them. How else would she remain safe? They had decided the blood contract that ensured they'd marry would be kept as a secret from their friends, and they'd ignore each other when not alone. They had decided their relationship would be a secret until they graduated and they would get married the next day. Things, of course, would get worse, there would be a war: but Sirius' brain and Narcissa's cunning was deadly when combined. And she knew, of course, that Sirius would fight; and he knew that she would be behind the curtain, using her mind to ensure that he was safe. He hated being alone, being without her. His sanity and safety belonged to her. Without her, he felt... on the edge. Cygnus Black, Narcissa's father, had taken his daughter from the train station and he didn't hear from her since then, it had been more than a month. He wanted to write to her, but he no longer had an owl. He had entered the Grimmauld Place with his Hogwarts trunk and brass cage that held Ethertune; a tawny owl that he got when he was eleven. His mother had taken her wand the moment the door closed behind them and pointed it at the bird. Avada Kedavra , a blink, and the bird had died. Just like that. Sirius couldn't even scream nor could he move. He just stared at the lifeless body of the animal he loved so much, and tried to will him to move: surely, he would. Life didn't end like this. Life was not so motionless, and Ethertune would just rise now and hoot. He had a beautiful hoot, and a hoot just did not stop existing. It was Sirius' fault, of course. He should never have brought the bird inside the house with a cage; he knew how dark his family was. He should have freed the bird and let him fly home instead. He'd be alive if Sirius had been smarter but he had lowered his guard and didn't think. When you didn't think, people die, animals die; you die. Sirius sat on his bed and tried to forget the