A/N: Quick thanks to everyone who suggested titles for this book. I finally found one that kept with the theme of alliteration and following the letters of titles of the HP books. I know it seems very ominous, but try not to read too much into it; it's only chapter one, after all. Also a shout out to everyone who has made fanfiction of this fanfiction or fan art or contributed to the forum or left reviews or told your friends about it or anything else; you all keep this engine driving forward. The Futile Façade Chapter 1: When Archie asked his cousin to tell him exactly what had happened in the last couple of months, he never imagined the scope of the tale that would unfold. He thought the basilisk had been the feather in the cap of any and all possible adventures, but once again he'd underestimated his cousin's penchant for walking into exactly the wrong situations at precisely the wrong time. As Harry unburdened herself in the quiet hours of the morning after they'd returned from school, Archie felt a sort of hollow horror grip his lungs. His breath stalled and stuttered at her recitation, but Harry, absorbed in her memories, didn't even notice. The fact that she'd kept a Time-Turner from him didn't bother him, though it did make him feel better about how hard it had been for him to keep up with both his and her studies the past year. The fact that she'd knowingly put herself in danger by involving herself in an investigation that had nothing to do with her on the other hand…well, he had mixed feelings about that. On the one hand, their ruse didn't need any more complications than already arose in the day-to-day duplicity. Harry developing some sort of hero complex wasn't going to do them any favors in the long run. On the other hand, though…Archie had to admit he was proud of his cousin. He would never wish danger on her, but the fact that she took on unnecessary responsibilities was, he thought, a sign of her growing up. Harry had always been somewhat selfish in terms of the things she chose to give her attention to. They were alike in that, he had to admit. She was kind and loyal and a dozen other wonderful things, but she had never been what you might call philanthropic or one to go out of her way to fix problems that had nothing to do with her. He just wished she could discover this wider humanitarian scope without causing herself so much pain . He watched as she admitted to being consumed by a dark, bitter hopelessness that Archie was having trouble even imagining. Harry looked straight through him, her eyes reliving some torment that he could not share. He could see the moment when the fractured part of herself that she'd been suppressing broke like shards of ice to the surface of her thoughts. Her eyes welled and, to his panicked dismay, began to overflow with slow tears. He could not remember the last time he'd seen his staunchly unemotional cousin cry. As though the tears were a signal, she stumbled through the rest of the story in a tumble of words and short, almost eerily controlled breaths. He pulled her into a trembling hug and wondered with acute distress if this was the first time she'd been allowed to admit the full torture of the experience since it happened. He'd bet a lot of Galleons that she hadn't revealed to anyone else—teachers, Aurors, parents, friends—how awful it had actually been. Harry wasn't the type to let anyone worry about her. He knew, as sure as he knew that he would have broken his Healing Oath if Pettigrew had been in the room at that moment, that Harry had shoved the whole thing into the past and was only dredging it up now for his sake, so that he would have all the information he needed about what had 'happened to him,' in case anyone should ask. He patted his cousin's head and wished with all his heart that it had been he, not she, who had lived those weeks in darkness and despair. Harry always had to be the strong one, and it wasn't fair. He knew intellectually that she had handled it better than he would have. He was smart, but he was not resourceful like Harry. He also knew that she was the stronger one, though she might not look it at the moment. "I wish I didn't have to go," Archie whispered once her words had stopped hemorrhaging. He was to leave that afternoon on an international Portkey to Turbo, Colombia. It was exactly when his cousin needed him that he couldn't be there for her. Harry pushed herself upright and ran the back of her hand over her face in a scrubbing motion. "You have to go, Arch. You have to have time away from England to make both your changing appearance and your mental stability plausible." She said mental stability rather sharply, as though annoyed that it wasn't something she could claim with any credibility at the moment. "I know," he said. He did know, he added mentally. They were in too deep of late. Time away from England was the best thing for their ruse. He would have a reason not to see 'Rigel's' friends all summer, which lowered the chances of one of them messing up in front of people they couldn't afford to make suspicious. It was a miracle that Remus hadn't noticed something slightly off about their switch, even considering that Archie looked exactly like Rigel while Harry now looked completely different. He really should ask exactly how old she was at this point, but now didn't feel like the right time. "You're going to have a great time in Wizarding Colombia," Harry said after a moment, a decisive energy back in her voice. "You're going into the Darien Gap community, right? I've heard the wizards there are very secretive. Learn everything you can, okay? I want to pick your brain when you get back. And send lots of letters, if you have time." "I will," Archie said, if only to stop her rambling. He wished he knew how to tell her that she didn't have to convince him that she was fine—that it was okay if she wasn't fine. He knew she'd take any suggestion of weakness the wrong way, though. "What are you going to do this summer while I'm gone? Play Quidditch by yourself?" Harry cracked a small smile, though there was still a lost look in her eyes. "I don't know. I suppose…I'll find things to keep me busy. Maybe I'll practice my dives so much that when you come back you'll be like a frog chasing a falcon." "They have brooms in the Americas, you know," Archie smiled back. "I won't fall behind, even if I have to fit practice in between saving lives." He waggled his brows in an invitation for her to be impressed. "Yes, yes, your nomination from the Chocolate Frog Commission ought to come any day now," Harry said, rolling her eyes. They were still a bit red, which somewhat ruined the effect of her irreverence. There was a calmness in her features that reassured him, though. Harry would be okay, with time and quiet. He could already sense the resolve that would lead her someday soon to describe her ordeal in dismissive and probably cynical terms. That was how his cousin functioned. He wished there was someone in England he could tell to look out for her, but he knew that no one could ever know that Harry had gone through that, just as he knew that Harry would not appreciate him arranging a minder for her. Archie thought somewhat despondently that for all the things he knew , there sure didn't seem to be a lot he could do . -0 [HpHpHp] -0 A certain amount of dissonance was to be expected, she told herself. Her recent transformation had been abrupt, and the past year had only accelerated the change. Still…she couldn't help but feel that she didn't know the girl in the mirror at all anymore. She was taller, for one—significantly so. Poor Archie was nearly two inches shorter than she now. It was going to be a stretch to convince their family that he could grow that much in one summer away. Her musculature was more pronounced, reflecting both the maturation of her teenaged body and the vengeance with which she had taken back her health in the wake of its deterioration in that— Well, she looked healthy now, in any case. Fully recovered. In body, at least. She knew her mind was less supple. Her dreams disturbed her on the occasions she neglected to leave a light on, and sometimes she found herself watching people more warily than was warranted. Harry detached her focus from that train of thought with ease, re-concentrating on her own reflection. The light summer dress robes hid the fact that the Polyjuice kept her hips slim and her shoulders strong. Her hair was the same, short and perpetually tousled with ends that curled close to her face. The face itself…was leaning toward feminine, even for a pureblood. Her glasses helped to disguise some of it, such as the thickness of her eyelashes, but couldn't detract completely from the softening of her mouth and chin. She frowned at her reflection, and noted with some satisfaction that the expression gave her a sharper look. It wasn't a complete disaster, then. This could be Rigel's face come autumn, provided people believed that a certain measure of unconscious metamorphism was at work. She plucked unenthusiastically at her dress robes, attempting halfheartedly to straighten the neckline. Why couldn't Uncle Sirius have had a pool party again? she complained mentally. She would bet that Narcissa Malfoy would have declined an invitation to her cousin's birthday party if it had entailed bathing in a flooded potions lab. Instead, Sirius was having an uncharacteristically formal celebration and, although the guest list was modest, it still consisted of enough non-family members that Lily had insisted Harry dress to impress. Or at least, she amended with another long look at the plainly styled robes, dress to underwhelm. The party was to be on the back lawn at Potter Place, where Harry and Archie usually played Quidditch. When asked why he didn't want to host it at his own house, Sirius had muttered something about Grimmauld Place not being the most welcoming sort of venue. She supposed his choice had been in deference to one or more of his guests, though whether it was the Longbottoms, who she now knew had good reason to be wary of Sirius' old house, or his cousins, who she suspected had unpleasant recollections of the dwelling from their own childhoods, she didn't know. Harry gave the girl in the mirror a little smile, but the far away look in her eyes made it look vague and a little sad. She settled back into a frown instead and nodded approvingly at the illusion of focus it accorded. She was tired of seeing that lost expression on her face. If she couldn't fake happiness at the world around her, at least she could fake an interest in it. She left her room and trailed down the stairs in the direction of the kitchen, where her mother was directing the last of the preparations before the guests arrived. Addy, sitting in a high chair with a mess of what had possibly been yams at one point in front of her, waved distractedly at Harry as she walked in. Harry waved back, pleased at the attention. She and Addy got along much better now, probably because the baby was losing her sensitivity to magical cores as she matured. Even Remus got to hold Addy for prolonged periods,