Chapter One "Hello, Harry…" Luna said brightly, although something else behind her voice that Harry couldn't quite place indicated that she wasn't as cheerful as she was pretending to be. Outside, snow was falling plentifully, and therefore, both of them, having met in front of the Ministry and come in together, were covered in the white powder. Strangely, Harry had a sense of déjà vu, as though it were the Slug Club Christmas Party all over again. For some reason, Luna looked… nervous. That was impossible, though. Luna never got nervous. Maybe it was because she had gotten rid of her butterbeer cork necklace and radish earrings (thank God). Perhaps she felt more comfortable with them on or something. He didn't think that was it, but it was completely possible. He had broken up with Ginny almost a year previously, and after a while, he had gotten used to not having her in his life. He felt fortunate that it wasn't a bad breakup, which meant that he still remained friendly with the Weasley family, although he was slightly distant with Ginny ever since, and especially with Ron, who was still going strong with Hermione. As he was now working at the Ministry as an Auror, and had become quite adept at it, needless to say, having played a large part in rounding up the last of the Death Eaters and putting them in Azkaban. Much to Harry's amusement, he had also played a role in arresting Dolores Umbridge for crimes against Muggles, and half-bloods. She was now serving a life sentence in Azkaban, which gave Harry no end of enjoyment to think of. Despite being busy working for the Ministry, Harry still had time to see his friends, and had been seeing quite a bit more of Luna lately, who had decided to become a magizoologist. Through her study of magical creatures, she had begun to accept that many of the creatures that were talked about in the Quibbler were made up by her father. Luna thus was often seen in the Ministry of Magic bringing new profiles of creatures to the archives, which was where Harry usually ran into her. Harry had been thinking it for a while, but now that Luna was in her dress robes for the Christmas party, he noticed it even more. She was really beautiful, and lately, he had been looking out for her more than usual, like he wanted to spend more time with her. He had always found her obscure and rather bizarre beliefs and theories rather amusing, but even more than that, they were sort of endearing, although she was becoming much less bizarre as she got older. He had never thought she was insane like most people did. Rather, she was just a little bit eccentric. On the plus side, you were never bored around her, and she was really smart as well. "Hey, Harry…" She said quietly, her stab at airheadedness failing miserably. Harry looked at her, surprised that she was acting so… normal. She almost sounded nervous… shy, maybe. "Yes, Luna?" "Do you… like anyone… right now?" she asked. Harry could feel the heat rising to his face almost instantly. Luna had a way of saying things in the most direct way possible. He doubted that she meant to be like that. It was perhaps just part of her eccentricity. Nonetheless, he sort of found himself wishing that she hadn't asked him that quite so bluntly. "Well… Um… I…" He said, unable to get the words out. Luna seemed to understand this, so she kept talking. "Would you… laugh at me if I said that I loved you?" She asked quietly, blushing slightly, bringing a rosy pink color to her creamy white complexion, and turning away, averting her sparkling silver eyes. "L-Luna… O-of course I wouldn't laugh at you. Why would you think that I would?" Harry asked, slightly hurt that she thought that he would laugh at her. "Well…" Luna said, hesitating slightly, showing a much more demure, diffident side to herself that Harry never thought possible. "I just thought that… Now that you've defeated You-Know-Who again, and saved the world, that you would want someone a little bit… less plain than me." For a moment, Harry just stood there, staring blankly at her. Was this really all that she thought of him? Then, in perhaps a poorly judged moment, he burst out laughing, causing Luna to jump, startled, and then hurt at his seeming lack of sincerity. "Well… Y-you don't have to laugh at me about it! You could just have answered my question!" She said loudly, raising her voice for perhaps the first time ever. This was a real night of firsts for Luna. She turned and started to storm away, but Harry put a hand out, putting it on her shoulder and turning her around so that she was facing him again. "Sorry. I wasn't laughing at you. I just never guessed that was how you felt. If I came across that way, I'm sorry, but I really do like you, Luna… And, as more than just a friend. I think all last year, you were the person that I enjoyed getting to know the most," he said, his voice growing steadier, now that he had finished laughing. Luna was staring at him, eyes wide… perhaps with amazement. For a moment, neither spoke, but then, Luna decided to break the silence by taking Harry's hand, and saying, "I was never much of a party person, anyway. Why don't we go this way? I have a destination in mind." With that, she pulled on Harry's arm, leading him through the myriad halls of the Ministry, past the room where the party was to be, making sure that they weren't seen, and taking a right, leading him down a flight of stairs and immediately taking a left. She pulled him through more and more hallways until Harry felt sure that even she would have to have been lost. But then, she took out her wand and tapped on a lock in a door, opening it, and pulling Harry in. The inside of the room was amazing. It was like a huge glade with a small waterfall and a pool at the bottom and everything. Moss grew all around and trees of all sizes from majestic and ancient trees that were hundreds of feet tall to tiny saplings that seemed to have barely taken root. In the air, there was a warm, seemingly peace inducing haze that was, Harry guessed, a product of the pool under the waterfall, which was steaming. Perhaps they had entered some sort of natural indoor hot spring. Harry had never seen this part of the Ministry building, nor had he ever heard of this room. Perhaps it was like the Room of Requirement at Hogwarts, and only appeared when the user had true need of it and was always equipped for the user's specific needs. But then, what could Luna need a room like this for? Perhaps she wanted to take a bath? But then why bring him? All these questions ran through his head, but before he could answer them to himself, he was called by Luna. "Harry! Are you alright?" she asked, having already removed her robes, shirt and skirt, leaving her only in her underwear. Apparently, Luna had no compunctions about stripping in front of other people. Harry, however, was not sure that he liked the idea of doing the same. Nonetheless, he could feel himself becoming more apt to do it as the minutes rolled by, and the warm, pleasant haze continued to thicken and waft through the air, being inhaled by all who were in the room. Before he did anything, he decided that he should at least ask where they were. "W-where are we, Luna?" He asked loudly, noticing that she had removed her bra, revealing firm, round breasts. While they weren't very large, slightly smaller than what Harry guessed would be average, they seemed perfect to him. Suddenly shaking his head, he tried to clear his mind of these thoughts, feeling that they probably wouldn't lead anywhere good. "Oh… That's right, I didn't explain. You should take off your robes at least, Harry. Don't worry. Nobody can see us in here, and nobody else can get in. We're perfectly safe, so you don't need your wand. But this is part of the more experimental magic section of the Ministry of Magic. "See, the Ministry, like Professor Dumbledore, considers love to be a magic of its own in a sense, and therefore, to bring out the maximum potential of such magic, they've created numerous rooms in which people can, well…" she hesitated for a moment. It was hard to tell, but even through the haze, Harry thought he could see Luna blushing… " express their love." Usually, this section of the Ministry is only open during the day, but I asked the keymaster to 'forget' to lock this wing tonight." She said, looking away for a moment and smiling shyly. "O-of course, I understand if y-you don't want to do this. W-we can go back t-to the party right now and pretend that none of this happened, and…" She was cut off, though, by Harry, who put a finger up to her lips and pulled her into an embrace, putting one hand on her bare lower back and weaved his other hand through her long, white-blonde hair. He then leaned down and kissed her on the lips, closing his eyes as he did so. For a moment, Luna did nothing, but then she closed her eyes, too, and brought her arms around under Harry's, putting her open palms on either shoulder blade and rocking back and forth with him. Harry pressed at Luna's mouth with his tongue, which she gladly let in, and Harry moved around the inside of her mouth, exploring and memorizing by touch every inch. At this point, Luna did the same, and they began a rapid, nimble dance of tongues, twisting and turning around each other. After a moment, the two pulled away, and stared into each other's eyes. Luna smiled at Harry, who smiled back. She pulled her arms back and took off Harry's glasses, putting them down on the ground, and beginning to unzip his robes. Harry kissed Luna again, and began to trail light kisses down her jaw and neck, down to her perfect, smooth shoulder. As he did this, she rolled her head in satisfaction, and sighed as if to emphasize her happiness. As Harry's robe fell from his shoulder's, Luna began to undo his shirt, revealing his bare chest underneath. She drew her fingers up and down his chest, leaving cool lines of contact wherever she touched that seemed to leave white hot trails of unimaginable ecstasy that no amount of magic could reproduce. As she continued, he gasped in pleasure, hardly able to contain the feeling. Next, Harry brought his hands up to Luna's breasts, massaging and caressing them, running his thumb over her nipple, causing her breath to catch in her throat. She slowly moved her hand up and put it softly over Harry's, causing him to withdraw it. "S-sorry! I-I shouldn't have…" But Harry never got to finish saying what he shouldn't have done, because Luna pulled his hand back to her breast and constricted her fingers over his, making him squeeze her breast once, twice, three times, causing her to gasp and moan in pleasure as he did so. After she pulled her hand away, Harry continued to move on her, putting his left hand on her other breast and squeezing both of them at once. Slowly and with the graceful fluidity of a cat stretching, Luna arched her back, stretching her head back, letting a long, and nearly inaudible breath out. Slowly, Luna dropped to her knees, bringing down Harry's pants with her, dropping them to his ankles along with his