Chapter 1 Hey Suga Author's Notes: I do not now nor will I ever own Twilight and all its lovely characters. They all belong to Stephenie Meyer. This idea just popped into my head and it wouldn't leave me, so here it goes! The rain had stopped falling that early afternoon. It had been raining since the night before. Finally! Now, Washington wasn't a horrible place to live, most folks around here were used to the rain that fell nine months out of the year. The state was filled with luscious green forests everywhere you turned. For those visiting sometimes, couldn't ever imagine having to live that way, always having to carry around an umbrella; as if it was as normal as it were to grab your cell phone and pocket book. Sometimes the visiting tourist found it more annoying rather finding the beauty in it all. But who are they kidding?! Washington isn't known for its sun and sandy beaches. But Bella Swan didn't mind it at all. The rain and the gloom didn't ever dampen her spirits…..Ha! A little rain humor to go along with it. Bella was a native to Washington. Forks, Washington to be exact. Just a teeny-tiny town about an hour or so from Port Angeles; population, next to nothing. One of those "Mayberry" type towns, where everyone looked after one another and each other's kids from time to time. She lived there until she was about six and unfortunately her permanent home in Forks came to an end, when her parents decided they couldn't be married to one another any more. Granted, it wasn't that the two fell out of love for one another, they just realized that their personalities didn't quite mesh the way they had hoped. Bella went with her mother after that, leaving behind her loving father, Charlie Swan, who was the Chief of Police of their tiny town of Forks. Living in practically every state, at least that's how it felt, for several years. The longest they ever stayed in one place, maybe, was about a year and a half. And not ever in a "house", but little apartments for rent or mobile homes that came cheap to buy and sold for a decent amount of money. Her mother, Renee, was a free-lance artist and also worked the graveyard shifts at many-a highway diners to make extra money. Her mother also had many-a boyfriend. Some were nice enough in their own right, and others…..well Bella would rather not have to mention the douchebaggary that came through their home sometimes. None of which could handle a woman in their life with extra baggage. And Bella got really tired of being seen as baggage. But after several frogs that Renee went through, she finally found herself a Prince. And a young Prince at that. His name was Phil Dwyer. A baseball player in the Minors that was just about to break into the Majors. The two love-birds seem to compliment each other quite well, and Phil loved Bella. Which was a huge bonus, especially in Renee's eyes. Bella was glad to see her mother finally happy again. But Bella could see that her being with mom and Phil became too much of an anchor. With Phil always traveling for work and training camps, and Renee wanting to follow, Bella thought it wise to return to Forks once again. So she took it upon herself to move back to her roots. Needless to say, Charlie was thrilled to have his little girl back. That was eight years ago. Time seem to almost fly by after that. Bella started and graduated from Forks High School and went on to study at Washington State University for a Culinary Arts Degree. All the while she took several extra classes outside of the University to study the art of the finest Pastry Chef's and Restaurant Chef's around. She even spent a year in Mexico to hone this talent of hers. Bella is now 24 years of age and a graduate of Wash-U. She and her two best friends, whom she met in school, Alice Brandon and Rosalie Hale, finally received their diplomas, and then went on to celebrate a whole week after. Sadly though, their celebration had to end. For Alice and Rosalie were heading back home to Indiana. The two of them were cousins and their home and families were back there waiting anxiously for them. Bella Swan was up in her childhood room busily getting herself ready. The local paper had called up her father the other day and asked for an interview with his daughter. Needless to say, Charlie agreed to the interview on Bella's behalf. Anything to show off his charming and successful daughter! Bella definitely wasn't sure about this. People graduate college and start their own businesses all the time. Why was she any different? Nevertheless, she zipped up the back of her skirt and went to the bathroom to tame her wavy and sometimes unruly set of brown locks. Combing her brush through her hair, smoothing out the kinks, she pinned her hair up on the sides and proceeded to take her curling iron to define the waves a bit more. She never wore heavy make up, but just enough to highlight her long lashes and dark brown eyes and to give her cheeks a slight tint of pink. She looked herself over and was pleased with her look and deemed it appropriate. Bella didn't consider herself a bombshell. No, that was Rosalie's job. Blonde hair, tall, slender, intelligent. You know, the works! Where Alice was petite in size, with short pixie styled hair and hazel eyes. But her personality was big enough for both herself and the two other girls combined. She and Rosalie always got their way. Whether it was with their parents, or the men in their lives. Lucky bitches…Where Bella, in her opinion, was plain compared to the other two. But could be considered pretty when she tried hard enough. Thanks to the help of Rose and Alice, Bella finally knew how to do her make up right and also her hair. And you definitely can't forget Alice's fashion advice. The first day at college in their dorms, Alice invited herself into Bella's room and started to rummage through her closet to see what kind of taste Bella had. It was almost like watching a scene from the Broadway hit, Wicked. Where Glinda takes Elphaba under her wings and tries to make her over and turn her into Miss Popular. Classic Alice. The local newspaper was due any moment now, and Bella grabbed the tray of coffee and scones and set them out on the coffee table in front of the couch. Her house wasn't much to look at, but it was definitely cozy and homey. It felt safe and secure; and not just because Charlie was the Chief of Police, and knew how to handle a firearm. But safe in the sense of family, always there for you. "Bells, relax. It's not like you are going to be on camera. It's only a newspaper reporter," Charlie said as he walked up behind the couch where Bella had sat down to wait for her interviewer. She hadn't realized that she was nervously tapping her nicely manicured nails on the back of the sofa. Bella turned to face him with a sheepish grin on her face. "I know. I'm just being a nerd about it all. I don't understand why they have to interview me at all." Bella was never one for attention like this. And she really couldn't stand any video taping of her. Which was why Charlie barely had any home videos of his daughter hanging around. If anyone had a worse case of stage fright, Bella always considered herself to have the worst case there was. "Because," Charlie started "When was the last time you heard any major news in this town except when that bear tore up the Black's dumpster over night. This town is dull as tombs sometimes Bells." Charlie was right. Bella sighed and went back to sitting straight waiting for the reporter to arrive. She sat there constantly smoothing out her khaki pencil skirt, she was so nervous she needed something to do with her hands. Charlie shook his head and chuckled at his daughter's obvious discomfort. A knock sounded at the door and Charlie walked coolly to open it. "Hey there Chief Swan! I'm here for Bella's interview." That familiar voice clicked in Bella's head and she turned. There stood Eric Yorkie, a friend of hers from high school. Relieved, Bella stood to greet her friend with a smile. "I should have known it would have been you to take this assignment. Redundant as it is, I'm still glad to see you." Eric Yorkie had been Head of the school newspaper since freshman year. And it only made sense that he'd go and work for the paper afterwards. "Aw, come on Bella! You're starting your own Restaurant, that's a huge achievement! Especially since you are now this Big-Badass Chef. You were always complaining about the cafeteria food and how even lab rats wouldn't touch such garbage." Eric placed his hand on the small of her back and led her back to the couch to start his interview. "And besides, there hasn't been one person who hasn't just died over your skills in the baking department." Bella smiled and led the way back to the couch and offered Eric a seat and then sat herself. Bella had already set out a tray of coffee for the two of them; she had a feeling this would take longer than she had hoped. And she still had packing to do. Charlie, being the good father that he always tries to be, was busying himself with packing up some more of Bella's belongings in boxes that needed to be shipped that afternoon. After one box was done he took them out to his pick up truck. Eric served himself a mug of coffee with cream and an obscene amount of sugar and took a heaping sip. While doing so, he grabbed one of the scones that Bella had prepared earlier for the occasion. She wasn't a total waste of a hostess! He took a bite and his eyes nearly rolled into the back of his head. He wasn't exaggerating when he was complimenting Bella on her skills in the kitchen. Either cooking or baking, the girl had a freaking gift! "Ah, God, Bella! This tastes amazing! It melted in my mouth, literally," Eric exclaimed as Bella blushed with her appreciation to his excited compliment. "Thanks, it's an old family recipe that I found the other day. Dad's been holding out on me with all these old treasures from the family." Bella laughed as she poured herself a cup of coffee but didn't reach for one of her buttery and delicious creations. Eric laughed a little, "Same old Bella. Tell me again why you don't ever want to eat the things you make? You do know that they always come out fantastic! Why don't you try for yourself?!" Bella looked at him over the mug as she sipped. She blushed a little and licked the coffee from her lips. "You're going to hate my answer, because I honestly don't know. I never have. I don't cook to please myself. I cook because it's my passion and it makes other people I know and love happy." Bella smiled. "She'll definitely be missed in THIS house!" Called out Charlie while carrying out another one of the large packing boxes through the front door. The two friends laughed whole-heartedly as Eric finished the last of his scone, "That'll definitely be going in the article. 'Heart of Gold Cook'," he held up his hands as if painting the headline title in front of him. He pulled out a tape recorder and a small spiral pad of paper that held