A/N: If the beginning sounds familiar, well it should because I've used it from the book to give you the idea of when it happened. The story is about the child of Bella and Edward, but the child actually being a boy. Jacob still imprints, but Sebastian, the child doesn't know. Sebastian is now in his teen years, still looks the age of a teenager. Anyways… before I give away everything… enjoy. D: Disclaimed Chapter One Jacob Black. Everything inside him came undone as he stared at the tiny porcelain face of the half-vampire, half-human baby. All the lines that held him to his life were now sliced apart in swift cuts, like clipping the strings to a bunch of balloons. Everything that made the young man who he was- his love for the dead girl upstairs, his love for his father, his loyalty to his pack, the love for his brothers, his hatred for his enemies, his home, even his name, everything who he is- disconnected from him in that second- snip, snip, snip- and floated up into space. He was now left drifting. A new string held him where he was. Not one string, but a million. Not strings, but steel cables. A million steel cables all tying him to one thing- to the very center of the universe. He could see that now- how the universe swirled around this one point. He'd never seen the symmetry of the universe before, but now it was plain. The gravity of the earth no longer tied him to the place where he stood. It was the baby boy in the blond vampire's arms that held him here now. Sebastian. Sebastian Cullen. A memory so feint- one that I wasn't sure was mine. It all looked very familiar, but yet so foreign that I was sure my imagination conjured up some false recollections of a life I wasn't even sure was mine. What could they be? As I stared at the rigid surfaced ceiling above me, I continued to ponder on the visions in my dreams, ones I couldn't seem to decipher whether they were someone's or mine. It didn't help that I've inherited my father's ability to read minds, and with that I was able to pick up memories of others I didn't want to. I was still finding the strength to turn off these gifts. It became more effective the moment I would come in contact with anyone, and it bothered me that I would accidently pick up on thoughts from a handshake. Wearing gloves now seemed pointless. My mother's gift seemed to be seeping through me now, and I've been practicing in tapping into the ability so I could avoid any awkward introductions. It had become a sad situation. Because of who I was and what I was capable of, I was being homeschooled by my grandmother via Skype. Every morning I'd tap into the connection and review a lot of the subjects that seemed to bore me now, but nana Esme insists that even though I'm beyond the normal education levels I should be at, she wants me to have some sort of normality's. It was my father's family's idea for me to stay with my grandfather and his wife Sue Swan. Grandpa Charlie was the one who suggested it. Because of what I am –a hybrid- I have to stay in a secluded place where I would stay out of harm's way. Forks, Washington seemed to be the only place where my parents felt comfortable. I hadn't understood it from the beginning; after all, this is where the roots of my parent's problems began. So why were they comfortable with me being here alone with my grandparents that had no power to defend me? None of it made sense to me, and I questioned my parents about it once, but they said I would understand in time. My parents overstayed their timespan for the moment, people were beginning to question why my mother and father still looked like seventeen year olds when they were almost reaching their thirties. Well my father would be turning one hundred and twenty-two, but he sure didn't look like and elderly man. The almost silent tap on my door disturbed my thoughts; informing me that my grandmother was making her morning appearance to let me know that breakfast was ready. Sue Clearwater married my grandpa around the time I was born, and has fully accepted me as her grandchild. Seeing how her own children didn't seem interested at the time to expand on their family. I guess it would help if they both had their own mates to share that with. Seth and Leah Clearwater. They rarely came to visit us, just on special occasions and some holidays. They remained in the home they grew up in on the reservation, one going to college, and the other now the health nurse at the medical center. They both knew of what I was. Seth didn't seem to mind, but Leah made it clear that she despised me. A lot of the Quileute's do. I'm not allowed on the reservation. Those were my parent's orders, and my grandparent's vow to them for my safety. As if I could feel more excluded than I already had. I mean, I'm not even allowed to attend public school for the fear that I might lose control and start feeding on the student body. "Good morning Seb!" That was my grandfather Charlie. He had always been the cheerful type, him and grandma Sue. They both were very loving and caring when it came to me, insisting that I was well taken care of. As I sat across from my grandfather, grandma Sue handed me my breakfast with a mug full of deer blood. I grimaced at the sight of thick red liquid that swirled in my cup, but licked my lips at the coppery smell. "I know you don't enjoy your feedings Sebastian, but you need to keep your strength up." Sue smiled. "I know," I sighed, "I just don't feel comfortable feeding at the table, especially when the both of you are here." "It doesn't bother us Seb," grandpa Charlie said, "we've come to realize that you're health means more to us than anything, and if it's a cup of blood a day, I'm sure we can all handle that." "Thanks gramps." I chuckled before digging into the scrambled eggs. Grandpa would be close to retiring, and grandma Sue was ready to hand over the diner business to Seth if he hadn't decided what he wanted. It was her dream to have a family business, but Leah wanted nothing to do with the diner and Seth was still busy trying to be the young teen he still looked as. They both would soon be leaving to start their days, and I'd be returning to the room that used to be my mother's to begin my online courses with my nana Esme. I strived for a different routine, but I was forced to remain secluded until one day my family could return to town without any suspicions. I could try to rebel, but my aunt Alice would know before I could go forth with it, and my parents would be here in a flash to stop me. It didn't help to be in a family full of vampires that knew your every move. I was a prisoner in this home. My family couldn't visit me as much as they hoped, and I couldn't leave due to my own safety. According to my family, I'm a rare specimen. Kind of makes me sound like a lab experiment gone wrong, at least Frankenstein's monster found freedom for a moment. I would take travelling around the world over being trapped here, even if it meant I was running from a crowd of people that thought I was a monster. But I'm getting off topic here… I'm a hybrid, entirely different from a newborn and an immortal child. It's been told that I was once thought to be an immortal child, that my existence was considered a threat to all humanity, including the vampire's existence. Around the time of my birth, my family had to fight to keep me alive because the governance of vampires known as the Volturi saw me as a threat in need to be disposed of. I don't remember much because my mind was still fresh. I do recall the travelling and the different covens that had come to our aid, but I don't remember names or faces. I was kept in hiding until the day of the battle. I knew I wasn't afraid, but I didn't know why. My parent's existences along with the rest of my family's lives were in jeopardy, and I figured I would have at least felt the fear of being separated from them. They put their trust in a wolf that insisted to help us. I remember the wolf vaguely, and I think the wolf was the reason I felt so safe. But I don't know whatever happened to him or her. My mother explained that the wolf continued on and left Forks along with its pack, moving on to protect other's who needed them. I told her none of it made sense until my father explained that they formed a treaty with the pack of wolves, that they were werewolves that killed our kind. But since we didn't harm any humans, they offered to help us, and that meant protecting me. "Hi nana," I said as I shuffled through my papers on my desk, not bothering to look at the screen yet. "Sebastian Mason Cullen, is this how you greet your mom?" I looked up at the screen to see no other then my mother Isabella Cullen. "Oh, hi mom." I chuckled. Now smiling at the sight of her. "Sebastian?" My father peeked over and into the camera. "How are you son?" "Hi dad." I smiled, "I'm doing good. What are you both doing there?" "We were missing you, and we thought we'd surprise you to let you know that we're always thinking of you." My mother spoke as her expression seemed to change to an emotional state, "how is Charlie doing?" "Grandpa's fine," I moved my papers aside, "he's looking forward to retiring in a few years already, him and grandma are planning to take a vacation when I move back with you guys." "That might be sooner than we planned." My father spoke, my mother nudging him and hitting his arm like he just spoiled a surprise. "You're dad's right, I'll let your nana Esme tell you." "Hi honey," Esme peeked over to the screen then sat next to my mother as my father stood behind them, "well, I can see that you're knowledge has advanced sooner than I had planned, and I thought maybe it's time for you to finish off with your finals so you can finally graduate." "But we haven't completed the terms in my senior year, I'm almost done." I questioned. "Exactly." She clapped her hands in excitement, "actually I've been teaching you in the college level lately, and I see you're old enough to decide if you want to wait a couple years if you want to continue, or you can apply for the colleges here when you move here." "I didn't think it would be safe for me to move to Canada, I mean Calgary is a big city, would I be ready?" I questioned, not sure how I felt about it all. "You won't be moving to Calgary," my father smiled, "Carlisle and Esme just moved closer to you in Port Angeles." "Yes," nana Esme added, "we figured that you could live with us while you attended the community college, that way we can prepare you to go any place you like for university." "It sounds great." I replied, "but what about grandpa Charlie and grandma Sue, I'd like to stay