A/N: It took me almost a year to write this, mainly because I often forgot about the project. It really began last summer when I actually ended up returning the same place I went camping one summer, though it didn't involve a love story, the place was still memorable. I figured that I would write something close to that, and this story was born. And since I hadn't written about this paring for a while, I wanted to go back to it. D: Disclaimed I hate weddings. But here I am, a day early to give my assistance in the set-up so that bridezilla, otherwise known as my sister Leah Clearwater –soon to be Leah Black, won't have a nervous breakdown on her special day. Somehow my mother was able to drag me to the location to be her slave; it didn't help that she was just as bad as my sister when it came to having everything in the right place. So it was straining to hear her, Leah, Rebecca and Rachel Black, and Emily Uley bark out orders to the guys and me. I swear that I wasn't the only one that had snuck a few drinks from the beer supplies. Thankfully Jacob didn't care. So Jacob Black is marrying my sister, proposed only two months ago after dating my sister for more than five years. He had proposed before, but she rejected him for the reason being, me. It was actually degrading to hear that my sister pitied me and wanted my approval before she had said no, and unfortunately, I hadn't been around much for her to ask me. It just wasn't something she figured she could ask me over the phone. Jacob has never been really a fan of me, mainly because of my sexuality. I'm gay, and because his father raised him to believe it was a sin, he saw me as a burden to my family since I could remember. I never let it bother me because I knew that as long as my parents accepted me, nothing really mattered. I kind of getting ahead of myself, so I'll start from where I can remember. It actually really began here: Wolf Pack Camp Resort. Originally a summer youth camp for surrounding communities to send their kids to every summer. Sadly, I was one of them when my mom felt it was only right to get me and my sister back into the normalcies of life after the passing of our father. Regretfully, at the time, I was demeaned to be my sister's shadow. That was the summer she had met Jacob. It was a living hell to say the least. I hadn't been very outgoing at the time, so I never had a friend to call mine; I was the shy teen that looked like a little boy out of place. It didn't take Jacob and his disciples known as Quil and Embry long to single me out. It went downhill from there, and my sister was too blind to see that I was their target. She was in love with bastard. I guess that summer hadn't all been bad. I met my first crush at the camp only a week later, but that comes later in the story. The first week was hell, like I said. Not only had it been Jacob and his group, but my sister's friends even threw in a couple insults, and now, everyone who ruined my summer was a part of my sisters wedding party. Rosalie Hale, a woman I had hardly known was Leah's maid of honor. She hadn't come to the camp seeing how Leah had met her in Seattle when her and Jacob moved there after reuniting five years later. Emmett, her boyfriend, seemed to be a very outgoing guy, and when introductions came with us, and my sister's tendencies to announce my sexuality to anyone she introduces me to; it didn't bother him. But he sure noticed that Jacob thought differently. Then there was Isabella Cullen, married to some poor rich sap by the name of Edward Cullen. She had been the reason for all the torment, if it wasn't for her outburst to out me to everyone in camp; I think it would've been tolerable. Her and Rachel Black brought it all to the light, and to see my sister stay at mute when I felt I needed her, pissed me off. I didn't hate all of her bridesmaids, the only two that I respected enough were Rebecca Black and Emily Uley because they've been nothing but kind to me. Apologies were thrown left and right after my sister insisted that she wanted us all to get along. Though I wouldn't apologize for anything I said, they did, but that didn't mean that they meant it. Honestly though, I didn't care. I guess I don't hate weddings, just this one. That all happened in the first week of the two week camp, and the second to follow was unforgettable for me. Paul Lahote had been that reason. Him and Jared could care less what people would say, and just like high school, everyone seemed to fall into cliques at the camp, it just so happens that I had been hanging with the wrong crowd. "Seth Anthony Clearwater!" And that had been my mother, probably making more demands, "help Collin and Brady with the chairs." I sighed in defeat, especially since I sort of dragged my two best friends to accompany me here. I hadn't heard the end of it from either of them when my mother began to boss them around the moment we arrived. We were one of the last in the wedding party, which meant a few of the guests would be arriving a day early because of the distance. The area had always been a nice place, pretty much the same as I recalled. The cabins still stood, very well aligned with the game room, first aid building and the newer cabins further down. Down by the lake, the benches still surrounded the fire pit with the hand-carved chair where the storyteller would usually sit. The canoes and life-jacket shed still stood in the same place, aging with the campgrounds that had surrounded it. The place was still full of life. By the time everything seemed to be in formation, the ladies were preparing a meal for those who were already here. Tomorrow morning we would put the final touches and everyone needed to make sure that they've done their part. Which meant that all I needed was my tux and my presence. Unfortunately, I'd be parading around with the wedding party as one of the usher's; the only position Jacob and Leah were able to agree on giving me. As the guests began to pull into the parking lots; those who were staying the night, I hardly recognized any of them. But most had recognized me and welcomed me home. It was strange to say the least as we sat in our areas and I had only knew a few people. I hadn't felt out of place. It was almost like the first day that we arrived here years ago for the camp. I hardly remembered the names my mother introduced me to. I hadn't a clue that they had known so many people. It was a bit discomforting to hear some of them tell me that I'd be next to be walking down the aisle, especially when they hadn't known a thing about me. I could only thank that my parents hadn't mentioned my sexuality like my sister usually had. The wedding party of course had been put in the same cabins, four to each except the one I had been put in. I was being bunked with one of the guests that I had no clue about. Apparently it was the only place they could put me. Talk about feeling like an outcast once again. Instead of sulking how I would normally do, I figured I'd go for a swim before the sun set fully and everyone would gather around the campfire. As I dropped my luggage off at the cabin, I noticed that my roommate had already come and gone. I quickly changed and grabbed my towel and my book just in case. By the time I had reached the beach area, it was crowded and a bit loud. Instead of associating with the crowd like I probably should have, I sat next to the beach and pulled out a book I've been trying to finish all week. One that was fell in the setting of Forks and La Push back home. A teenage love affair that was forbidden, a supernatural love triangle that seemed a bit farfetched; yet entertaining, and a bit intriguing. "Not going for a swim Seth?" I looked up at Sam while he took off his shirt and dropped his towel on his wife's chair. "No," I half-smiled, "just catching up on my reading." "Looks like the both of us," Emily giggled holding up the same book as me. Becoming lost in my books was easy; it was an escape from reality, an escape path for me to imagine a life beyond my normal boring one. "Never thought I'd see you here again." I had recognized the voice, surprisingly. Next to me, there was Paul sitting on the grassy beach next to me in his red swim trunks and his towel slung over his shoulders. His hair tousled and wet from the lake and still that heartwarming smile that I remembered. I wasn't sure what to say, but I smiled. The last time I had seen him was the last day I said goodbye to him. It was the last day I was here, and it was the moment I wanted to hold onto. "Still as shy as the day we met?" he chuckled. I was clueless to how to respond. I could feel the butterflies in my stomach. The excitement I tried to hide as I stared down at my book and back to him. "Sorry," I laughed nervously, "it was just a surprise to see you too." "You guys know each other?" Emily asked. "Yeah," I admitted, "we went to camp here together one summer. Emily, this is Paul. Paul, this is Emily." As awkward as it was, the conversation passed across my lap and ended up a discussion about the camp and how old it was exactly. I was somewhat in tuned into the conversation, but more of zoning out about the night I recalled of having with Paul, of how great it was. ~~~###~~~ Paul didn't say much in the beginning, just that he wasn't much of a music person. It wasn't that I wasn't, I loved music in fact, but like I said, I just didn't fit in with the crowds. Apparently that was one of his flaws too. Jared had been too caught up on the crowds and Mike became impaired the moment Jessica gave him the time of day. Conversation led to our personal lives, I told him about my recent loss and he gave me a sort of condolence. His parents weren't as kind as he was from what he had told me. They split when he was nine; his dad moved away and barely came to see him. His mother was a drunk and constantly gone. The only reason he stayed was because of his little sister Adriane. It disgusted him when I told him about Leah. He became annoyed to find that she would let others treat me in such a manner, and for once, I didn't feel obligated to defend her. The conversation became personal, and this being the only night the chaperones really didn't care of our whereabouts, we ended up swimming until around three in the morning. We were on the dock past the boundary lines –where the older kids usually went- caught up in a game of