ADOPTED FROM HEARTSINK Here's my new story! Hope you like it. Special thanks to my beta, Wolf-of-the-North Seth's POV The only thing I remembered about La Push was the rain, the pouring torrents of water that only rarely let up to reveal the seemingly endless blanket of clouds. I sighed as I leaned back in my seat, watching the rain that had been going on for almost three hours beat against the windows of my mom's car. The owner was currently inside, buying some snacks since there were no restaurants until Seattle. My mom loved food, which was surprising considering how skinny she was, and was forever eating something. I ran my fingers through my black hair, wishing that the rain would let up so I could see the forests. I loved the woods, they were so dark and mysterious, but I hadn't seen anything but water, rain, and the occasional bug that flew into the windshield. I scanned the parking lot of the small store as the rain let up for a moment, revealing that my mom's car was the only one in the small space of concrete, unless, naturally, someone was hiding one in the woods that surrounded the building. I reached down and began rummage through the snickers bars, used tissues, and fast food bags that littered the floor, looking for my iPod. Not finding it in the first ten seconds of looking, I decided that I would just watch the rainfall for the next few hours that it would take for my mom to make her selections. As I rustled through the papers one last time, a picture suddenly emerged. In it, I lay sleeping in the arms of a massive man I knew only too well, his arms wrapped protectively about me and his face buried in my hair. A stab of pain went through me as I saw, written in the corner with whiteout, Emmett and Seth ;). The picture had been taken almost a month before today, the day that Emmett and told me that he was meant for me. Love. So incredibly powerful. So beautiful, so terrible. Capable of giving joy and of giving pain. The greatest paradox in existence. Moving the picture aside, I saw another lying underneath it, a picture of the Cullen's. Before I continue, I should probably tell you about the Cullen's, what they are, what they do, and why I knew about them. The Cullen's were vampires, but not just your average run-of-the-mill "vlah, I vant to suck you're blood" vampires, no, they were special. For one thing, they had skin like granite and had absolutely no heat source, meaning that they were as hot or cold as their surroundings. And they are perfect, beautiful, I mean, as a way of seducing their prey. Carlisle, the oldest, was the leader of this sort of group for special vampires, ones with extra powers in addition to the usual indestructibility and immortality and being incredibly sexy. He ran it with Esme, his wife, and Emmett and Rosalie, his two adopted vampire children. The four of them were fairly normal as far as vampires go, slightly different but all pretty much the same as any other vampire that glitters in the sun instead of vanishing in a poof of smoke and dust. It was the remaining vampires that were the most deadly and the most in need of help. Carlisle had trained many vampires, keeping them on a diet of animals instead of humans since it helped them find better control of their gifts. At the time I had discovered them, there were only three members, Edward, a creepy mind reader who could somehow see past Rosalie's bitchy attitude enough to fall in love with her, and Jasper, who could feel and control people's emotions, and his mate, Alice, a vampire that could see the future and who was the smallest and most endearingly annoying of the group. I ran my eyes over their faces, remembering when I had first met them. The way I found out about them was this, Emmett, the biggest and strongest of the coven group thingy, didn't have a mate and was over two hundred years old, so he was allowed to pick an innocent human and bite them, changing them into a vampire that would stay with him forever. Emmett picked me, for some reason. Though why, I couldn't even begin to fathom. I was normal, even plain, with my light brown skin and black hair that Alice, always fashion conscious about her friends, had insisted on cutting it into a sort of spiky disarray that made me look less like the geek I was, I guess. Not that I could see anything special about myself. I was just plain old Seth Ephraim Clearwater, local nerd and ex-boyfriend to a vampire that had almost raped him a couple of times during their make-out sessions. Nothing special. Leaning back into my seat, I glanced, once more, over the area, only to freeze when I saw a very familiar, very large figure appeared on the edge of the woods to my right. I sighed once more and unbuckled myself before opening the door. I stepped out of the car in silence as the rain began to fall again, soaking me in an instant. I glared down at his shoes, refusing to look at him. "What do you want, Emmett?" I spat, trying to make my voice harsh and cruel and not finding any success. "You know what I want, Seth, I want you to come back with me," His voice was gentle, but there was a tone in it that suggested that he was ordering me to come back. I snorted, finally looking up into his face, so beautiful and perfect like I remembered it, he even had that line of whiskers that clung to his jaw line. His usually curly dark brown hair was wet and dripping, his clothes soaked, revealing his gigantic muscles underneath. One thing about Emmett that I didn't like was his size, I only came up to the middle of his chest and his biceps were bigger around than my leg. It made kissing him very uncomfortable when I had to stand on something or he had to bend down to get to my lips. He looked hungry; his eyes pitch black against his icy white skin that I knew was harder than rock, both with pain and with need for blood. He had been starving himself, and this made me angry, furious that he should be starving himself for someone as worthless as me. "So you're saying I should just abandon my mom and go live with you?" I snapped, clenching my fists in anger as his smell reached me, even stronger in the rain, making me want to just give in and throw myself into his arms like I had done so often. There was silence between us, as there had been at every stop from my old town to here, always quiet because we both knew that was exactly what he meant. When Emmett had found out that I was moving back to La Push, the one place they weren't allowed to go for some reason, he had gone crazy, practically destroying their house. Jasper had been paralyzed by the force of his pain and anger at being separated from me. I had tried to explain that since I wasn't changed, Emmett could just pick another mate. He had refused, and actually kidnapped me once, but Edward tracked us down. Since then, he had been under guard, forbidden to see me. After me and my mom left, though, Carlisle was forced to let him go, if only to try and convince me to come back willingly. Since then he had come around every time we stopped, trying to convince me, even by threatening to kill my mom, but I wouldn't. I knew him too well, knew he was to loving and good-natured to hurt anyone, let alone someone as important to me as my mom. But I had explained, I wasn't going to abandon my mom, no matter what. "Seth," Emmett's deep voice was soft as he wrapped his arms around me and pulled my body against his icy cold granite-like form, "Please, I'm begging you, come back with me. I need you." I sighed, wishing that I could just give in to him like I wanted to. But I couldn't. "I'm sorry, Emmett...but I can't. I'm all my mom has left." There was silence as I turned and opened the car door, pausing long enough to say: "Stay away from me." The words stung as I began to climb back in, unshed tears burning my eyes. Then, I felt a large, cold hand grab onto my arm and turn me around to where I was staring at his white t-shirt that showed his ripped body. I stared straight ahead, until I felt his hand lift my chin to where I was looking up into his eyes. "I know you don't mean that, pup," he said, his blue-eyed gaze soft as he looked lovingly at me, making me nearly cry when he used his nickname for me, "and even if you did mean it, I wouldn't listen, I'm too much of an ass and I'm not stupid enough to not try and get you back." Finally, the dam broke and I flung my arms around him, sobbing into his chest as he pulled me against him. "Why can't you come with me?" I sobbed, rubbing my face against his body, trying to absorb as much of his scent as I could. "I told you babe, I can't tell you, it breaches the treaty and other shit like that," his voice was gentle as he ran his cold fingers across my neck, causing me to shiver. Then it was silent except for my slowly dying sobs. "Baby?" Emmett whispered, leaning down until his lips touched my ear. "Hmm?" I half gasped, half sobbed as he nipped gently at my earlobe. "Promise me that you won't forget me." I laughed, though there was nothing funny about it. "How can I?" I whispered as I pressed my lips against his chest, "You're too much of an ass for me to forget." Emmett chuckled, running his hand down to my ass and giving it a loving and possessive squeeze that made me gasp with pleasure. "And," he continued, pulling away and looking down at me for a moment before leaning in until his lips were inches from mine, "And that you'll text me or call me every damn day or else I'm coming over there and dragging your tight little ass back home, no matter what the fucking treaty says." Then he kissed me, his lips, soft unlike the rest of him, molding into mine in a way that was familiar and alien at the same time, his lips dominating mine almost instantly as he slid his hand up from my backside and sliding it into my jeans, gripping my bare ass in his freezing hands while he ground his massive erection into me, the tips of his fingers brushing my hole, making me moan into his mouth. Then, right when I needed air, he pulled away, only to run his lips along my cheek and kiss my neck, licking and sucking on the skin in way that I knew would give me a hickey, marking me for the last time until we met again in god knew how long. Then, too soon he straightened, his look pained. "You're mom's coming," he whispered, leaning back down and kissing my forehead, "and she'll probably want to know what your boyfriend is doing here when he's supposed to be in Mexico on vacation." I didn't say anything, wanting to savor this moment. Finally, he gave me one bruising kiss that took my breath away, then whispered, "If you ever need help, Seth, I'll know."