A/N: I've always been a fan of TVD, and I've wanted to write a fic involving Tyler Lockwood, but feared that I couldn't do the series justice. To start, this is a bit of an AU and OOC. It revolves around a OMC that had fallen in love with Tyler only to be used by him more than once, now that Brandon (OMC) decides to move on, he enters the twilight universe to get in touch with his roots, only to meet another volatile wolf by the name of Paul. Details have been left out for the readers to discover, but I can say that Brandon will face many challenges. So please, whether you're a TVD or a Twilight fan, I hope you give this a chance, otherwise, I will just delete this one. D: Disclaimed Prologue I'm trying to remember how I ended up in this situation. Leaving. Hurt. Lost. I know that it hurts. I know that feeling of my heart squeezing so tight is because it doesn't know how to break. I think it's inflating itself with so much hatred and betrayal; it's preparing my insides to explode, than collapse into nothing. Or that throbbing ache along the right and left side of my brain, a vibration back and forth and forcing me to clench my eyes. It's probably the spells. I could've done more than I should have. I guess this time I was running. Running because this time I was sure I was no longer needed or that I no longer wanted to be used. No matter what I told myself, it felt like this was end. I was carrying so much pain that I hadn't realized it would be such a burden. It wasn't supposed to hurt this much. But it did. I've been living with my grandma Mimi in a place called Mystic Falls. A small down that seemed to vacate every supernatural being except humans. We were infested, and little did I know, my grandma and me were a part of it. We kind of were in a coven with old lady Bennett, my friend Bonnie's grandma. We were born into a strong line of witches, but of course, Bonnie discovered it before I had. I guess I was a late bloomer, but that didn't stop me from becoming one of the strong ones. I guess it's time for introductions. My name is Brandon Call. I live with my grandma Mimi because my parents died in the hands of what my grandma call the enemies. Vampires. The Salvatore's to be specific. Damon in particular, of course if hadn't been for his brother saving his ass, my mother would have succeeded in ridding Damon. But I'm sort of getting ahead of myself. Before I knew about the supernatural world, my grandma told me that my parent's died in a car accident, and she took me in, secretly teaching me about our culture. What I thought were the native teachings from our ancestors, were the powers she had known all along. Sometimes, growing up, I would hear people whisper about my grandmother being a witch, but I never believed in them. It would be too surreal. Bonnie and me grew up hearing this a lot, and we hadn't giving it much attention until Bonnie began believing it all. I thought she was crazy. Until I began to notice the strange things going on in life, especially high school, and that was the time that Stefan Salvatore came into town –or should I say when he returned and began wooing Elena Gilbert. Something about him didn't sit right with me, and when I approached Bonnie about it, she sort of felt the same way. I figured maybe he could be some sort of woman beater or something, I just never expected him to be a vampire. With his arrival, came his brother, and my grandma insisting I pay attention to everything she needed to teach me. At first, I had to get in touch with the spirits within me. I thought she was crazy, but grandma mentioned that once I embraced them, I would begin to understand why she needed me to. My social circle wasn't as big as Bonnie's, and all of her friends seem to change in some ways, and I was put in a predicament I thought I would never be in, Tyler Lockwood's path. I knew that him and Elena's kid brother Jeremy Gilbert had never really gotten along, and they fought over some chick named Vicky Donavan. Unfortunately, I was vulnerable teen and naïve at the time, so when the first teen boy that came my way, I thought I had met the one. And that one so happened to be Tyler Lockwood. The act of lust happened during one of the bonfire parties, and I hadn't expected it. He was drunk; I was tipsy, vulnerable and stupid at the time. He took me to his truck that happened to be parked far from the party, and promised to take care of me from then on. I knew I was gay since I reached puberty, I just never could tell who was. Tyler's reputation was best known as the jock that slept with every girl he could, I wouldn't have expected him to swing my way. A part of me knew that this was a one-time thing, and after that night, he brushed me off as if I was another notch in his bedpost. Bull shit if you ask me. It was all because he was sure that Vicki was sleeping with Jeremy that he wanted to get even, and apparently she hated it when he would fool around with another guy. I became her target on prom night. If it hadn't been for Bonnie, I would have been vampire bait, the same night Vicki had been changed. She used her new abilities to track me down and kill me. I was scared shitless the first moment I saw her and those evil eyes. Her fangs were long and already bloody, and she had me cornered outside where she figured no on would hear me. That's when Bonnie came to the rescue and sent her flying with a spell. She dragged me to safety and told me to stay in one spot until it was safe. I don't remember much but her coming back to bring me home. When I had asked her what was going on, she explained everything to me. She even knew Vicki's reasons for attacking me, and told me to stand clear of Tyler from then on. I was a bit in distraught when she mentioned that Tyler would soon be involved in this somehow. From then on, I kind of lived in fear. Avoiding mostly everyone except Matt Donavan. The reason for that was because he was just too kind-hearted and he was the only one who didn't know about his sister's whereabouts. I felt guilty knowing the truth and not being able to tell him. Which is why I stopped being friends with him, that and the fact that Tyler was coming around more often too, and acted as if I was nothing most of the time I was around. I heard him asking Matt why he spoke to me, and a couple times I was the reason they would argue. Even when him and Jeremy became friends, Jeremy began defending me in some ways. I think it was because he had a crush on Bonnie, and Bonnie was getting tired of Tyler's attitude. I kept to myself, but remained observant as I began to embrace who I really was. If it hadn't been for my grandma, I would be clueless to how to defend myself, or keep myself hidden from all of the drama. At first, I needed to learn to use my powers to protect me, and the first thing I had learned was to levitate items, not sure what good that would do me. Thankfully Bonnie was there to help me too. Both of our grandma's were there to teach us too. With Caroline Forbes, the sheriff's daughter being changed, it was about time I learned how to conjure fire and being able to manipulate it to make it grow rapidly. But it came to our surprise when the first ability I had learned was sending shockwaves throughout my hands. That and the simple spell of making any being feel internal pain; this would come in handy if a vampire had come close to me. I witnessed Bonnie using it once on a vampire named Katherine, Elena Gilbert's doppelgänger that came to make the girl suffer. Bonnie was the only one she couldn't mess with, and soon she realized I couldn't be too. With everything going crazy, and the town being exposed of vampire's by the council that had always fought together to get rid of them, kind of blew back in the mayor's face when he soon realized that him and his son Tyler Lockwood was affected by it. That's when my grandma said I was ready to protect the other's along with Bonnie, and soon I would be there to make things right. I would be sent alongside Bonnie when we had to attend the house parties. If Damon, Stefan, Katherine or Caroline caused any troubles, it would be up to Bonnie and me to stop them. It was mostly Katherine that caused chaos, and gladly, I would put her in her place and often threaten that when it came time to end her, I would gladly do it. Then it came to the matter of Tyler Lockwood. His lineage was discovered because his uncle came back into town, and the breed of werewolves returned to Forks. We were told that werewolves wouldn't really harm our kind, but that didn't mean that their animal instincts wouldn't kick in, and that meant testing us for their pleasure. Before I was told to keep an eye on Tyler so he wouldn't fall to the curse, I was already too late the moment I had walked into his father's office to see him and Jeremy standing over a dead girl's body. I had no choice but to help them come up with a cover story, and call the police and tell them that a freak accident happened at Tyler's party. Somehow, and for some reason, my grandma ordered me to keep a close eye on Tyler for his first shift. The full moon was more than two weeks away, and I had to learn how to help him control himself until then. Neither of us liked being near each other in the beginning, but I had to tell him that I needed to help him get through this, and help him control himself during his first shift. He didn't believe me until I had to tell him what I really was. But that became difficult at the moment because Caroline decided involve herself too. But after dealing with Tyler for about a week with no response, I had no other choice but to paralyze him with pain, the same way Bonnie had shown Katherine. I told him that his first shift would be a lot worse than the pain I was inflicting on him, and if he didn't listen, than I wouldn't be able to help him find a way to cope with this. Of course, I didn't know what I was doing, but after that, he began to trust me. We became closer, that's the one thing I didn't plan. But with it, came his anger issues, and somehow, I was able to handle it, but Caroline couldn't. She apologized to the both of us and told Tyler that she thought she could handle it, then she left. This upset Tyler even more, and frightened me in ways, but I still hung in there somehow. I hadn't known at the time that Tyler was crushing on Caroline, and having me around