Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of the mythology or the concept of wrist tattoos. Full disclosure, I was in an advanced philosophy class when I wrote this, so if it comes off contemplative then, well, I guess I did it right. I was trying to write about the meaning of love, if love exists, how we recognize it, etc...Fiction is the vehicle of my philosophy. SON OF EROS was previously entered in the Straight Thru the Heart Contest (2016) and was the winner of the Host's Choice Award and the Cupid's Arrow Award. Son of Eros I. Eros is amused. This is not rare. "Him, then? This one? This bloodied, beaten, betrayed creature?" Eros laughs at his lover, a fond sound. He is entertained by her poleaxed expression, by the disbelief in her voice. Enchanted, even, by her confusion, for even her confusion is lovely. "Quite the prime candidate, is he not? A warrior, which I like. Blond, which I like. Handsome, which I like." Aphrodite shrugs with a frown, circling the poor creature who lay dead at her feet, the sweep of her silken dress trailing across dirt and blood and other stains of war. "Yes, he does remind me of someone ," she says pointedly. "But what is he to do?" "Humanity is growing very rapidly," Eros points out. "The Fated need a certain kind of attention, as you are well aware. Assistance would be welcome." "Yes," Aphrodite agrees again, with a slow nod, silvery eyes turning to Eros with her brows crinkled. "But why him? He is physically perfect, I see that. Desirable. Youthful. A vision once you're done, I'm sure…Yet that is not why you chose him." "No, it is not." Aphrodite reaches for Eros, beseeching. " Why him?" Eros smiles, holding her lovely hands. "His love was true," he says simply. Then, bursting with purity of power, silver light layered in his palm, he reaches out to touch the warrior – And thus Fate is righted. II. The first time he uses the arrows tattooed onto the thin, vulnerable skin of his wrists – he hates them, he hates this half-life – Jasper is still very bitter about the world he's found himself in. Angry. Hostile. Reluctant and abjectly enraged that he should be forced to perform these tasks of Fate when his own Fate had been so very tragic. The couple is young, as most of the charges of Fate are; young, happy, and completely unaware that the other existed. Some of the Fated are different, of course. Some pine for each other; some are enemies; some are separated by age or wealth or politics; some are the dearest of friends; some are dying. But in this they are all the same. In this – this wretched , cursed aberration of humanity – they are all the same. They all are Fated to the each other. And Jasper is the force that brings them together, with the tattoos on his wrists and a careful, steady aim. He shoots them with arrows they neither see nor feel, and then he watches as they find each other. He loathes it. But he had been chosen for this by Eros himself, and as there are no other options – Jasper, it seems, cannot die – he is left with nothing but these tasks assigned by Fate on one day each damned year. Oh, but how Jasper hates and will always hate the Day of Eros – that horrible Saint Valentine's Day. III. Jasper fills his very long existence with knowledge. After all, when humanity is ensnared in war and disease and famish, they always seem to strive for knowledge. It is never-ending and so is Jasper. So he learns. He moves across the globe, uses magic to hide the age from his body so he can remain in one place longer, and endures countless years of schooling and higher education, obtaining degree after degree simply because he can – and because there is little else for him to do, aside from that one despicable day each year. At the very least, he is able to maintain his sanity. Philosophy classes, however, seem to seek to dismantle that sanity no matter the lecturer or subject – perhaps because the very nature of philosophy forces Jasper to think of the things he'd rather ignore. Nevertheless, he once again finds himself in the middle of a lecture hall, a small class room of circled desks and one professor with a protruding belly. Jasper eyes the board, sighs, and braces himself for the worst. "Love. Is it fact or fiction? That is the question we will be pondering, class, on this auspicious morn of Valentine's Day. Philosophers had much to say about many things, including happiness, death, and the existence of a creator. But they also had much to say about other aspects of being that humanity often takes for granted. Love is one of those topics. In Plato's Symposium , there is an extensive passage on the function of same-sex relationships and what those relationships might mean to love, in general. Does anyone have any concrete beliefs about love?" Jasper did - and in fact, Jasper had a lot of opinions on a lot of things, and while usually he would have remained silent, keen to remain hidden in plain sight, this topic plucked a sensitive nerve. He heard himself speaking before he could think twice. "Love doesn't actually exist. Humanity isn't altruistic enough to have real love, only imitations of it." "Sounds like a broken heart to me," someone scoffs from across the room, a cascade of tittering following the comment that Professor Greene is swift to ignore in favor of tapping his chin, silently observing the blooming discussion now that he had introduced the topic. "Not a broken heart," Jasper counters quietly, careful to keep his hands hidden beneath the table, lest he give any evidence of his own experiences with love away. Though, dressed in his usual long-sleeved thermal shirt with his thumbs pressed through the holes in the sleeves, there was very little risk of that happening. Still, he was cautious. Always cautious. Jasper sighs, catching the probing gaze of Professor Greene, who is clearly prompting him to continue; he has the attention of the class, at least, which is a change from previous weeks in this course. Usually, everyone is clamoring to be heard and Jasper is more than content to take detailed notes, flipping a pen between his ink-stained fingers. Compelled to continue, Jasper shakes loose blond curls out of his eyes, jaw squared. "Romeo and Juliet really had the right of it, you know? Or maybe Shakespeare did. All that tragedy is exactly what love is about. It's this thing that happens, this life-long obsession that begins the second we get over that Oedipus-Electra Complex thing. I mean, people will go on and on about how love is different from sex, but really, we're biologically predisposed to seek sexual contact and, by extension, love in order to propagate the species. So of course it hurts, of course it's tragic. How can it not be? Orgasms are only good for a minute, and even then, the after-glow is usually ruined because someone has somewhere to be." The same girl from before, mousy with a rather severe turn of her mouth, speaks up, tone critical and more than a little terse. Reprimanding, even. "That's really cynical, though, isn't it? Love is about more than sex. Look at asexuals , for example. They seem perfectly fine attaining love without the physical aspect." "Are you asexual?" Jasper asks dryly, already aware of the answer. Always aware. "Well, no." "Then I don't think it's fair to speak for an entire sexual orientation when you are not of that particular persuasion. I mean, that's like me trying to tell you how it is to be a woman, even though I am a man with no experience in being a woman. How could I know the other side of the coin? How could you know what an asexual person is thinking without even being asexual?" "Interesting perspectives," Professor Greene cuts in before the girl can counter, likely spotting the same tinge of righteousness steaming from her ears as Jasper had - though, of course, he could spot that righteousness in another, more accurate way. "Any counters to the ontological argument? Does love exist? And how do we know?" Jasper sits back, crossing his arms over his wiry chest as he listens to the redirected discussion, lips slanted into a familiar frown. Gradually, he feels his muscles tighten as the discussion grows more impassioned and as the people around him become more emotive. He grits his teeth, struggling to remain impassive and aloof - struggling to appear normal - and by the time the class is over nearly an hour later, his jaw is aching so badly that he waits for the classroom to empty before working it loose. Professor Greene notices him, moving to perch on one of the empty desks. "You know, Mr. Whitlock, it isn't very often that a sophomore finds himself in my class," he begins with a touch of amusement . "Less often that any student presents such well-thought essays. I have enjoyed your papers this semester. It was rather enlightening to observe the discussion this class, wouldn't you agree?" Jasper stands, turning his eyes away. He isn't sure what color they would be, all things considered. "Sure," he says noncommittally, sensing exactly where this conversation would be going and internally lamenting that he kept quiet in classes for a reason . "Love is such a wondrous, ponderous thing, indeed." "I guess," Jasper says, settling his brown leather messenger bag over his shoulder and edging toward the exit. Professor Greene peers over his glasses, wispy white brows raised high in expectation. "I've heard love can be healing, Mr. Whitlock." Or damning . Jasper licks his lips, covertly checking his sleeves, thumb-holes firmly in place. Good. "I have plans, Professor," he says after a moment of awkward silence. Professor Greene beams, waving Jasper off with a hearty chuckle. "Of course you do, lad. Today is the day of plans." It isn't until Jasper is shuffling through the corridors of Lockhart Hall, head down to avoid eye-contact, mentally cringing at the emotions threatening to steamroll him into delirious oblivion, that Jasper allows himself one irritable thought: I, unfortunately, know love by its true nature. And it sucks. IV. Jasper isn't originally from America. Jasper isn't even originally from this century . A long time ago, Jasper had been a soldier fighting in a war with no end for a cause that seemed, at the time, worthy of his sacrifice. In that time, it was expected of second sons to do what the first sons could not: fight for the politics of the family and die, if necessary. Jasper was brought up to believe that his destiny in life was a glorious, noble one, and had trained with the ever-tireless notion that he had a purpose . Of course, then he fell in love. It was a mistake. He doesn't think her name - she isn't worth naming - but he knows how the story goes, and how foolish he once had been. Though he was a second son, his family was very affluent, which made Jasper - his name was not Jasper, then - a prime target. Too naïve, he'd fallen deeply in love with a horrid creature who used him, who warped his upbringing to make him want to die for her instead of dying for the cause . And he had died, unknowingly sacrificed by the daughter of his enemy and unknowingly damning his legion to the same bloody fate. Death was not the end. V. It had been explained to him - once, when he woke naked and glowing preternaturally, and again after he had torn the skin from his wrists, horrifying opalescent