This was previously entered in the Seven Deadly Sins Twific Contest and won the award for Graphic Goddess Mina Rivera's favorite! The Seven Deadly Sins Twific Contest Beta'd by: AliCat0623, LunaDiSangue85, and LeCrepuscule Summary: Nefas (n.):Latin. Something contrary to divine law. Sin. Monster. An impossibility. Warnings: Violence and sexual situations Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. NEFAS "That hurt," she mutters, licking at the blood on her lip, nose wrinkling at the sharp taste of iron on her tongue. She inhales through her nose, taking in the acrid scent of the nail polish she used earlier – the dusty blue was smudged, now. Of course it was . She had no luck. "Fight back," says her familiar opponent, feet already sliding into a ready stance, weight bouncing on toes. He tilts his chin back. "Not my fault you broke a nail." She snorts. "I didn't break a nail. Jesus." His cornflower eyes flicker to the small array of nail supplies on the scratched motel coffee table. It wasn't much – nail file, a few polishes in dark, subtle shades, polish remover. She didn't see much point investing money in flashy, abundant product, because her nails usually ended up ruined anyway. "What's the hold up, then?" "Cramps," she says flatly, rolling her eyes when his expression changes, abruptly turning uncomfortable as he wraps his mind around female problems . She takes the moment to launch herself at him, using her smaller stature and lighter weight to throw her elbow into his sternum, heel slamming on his instep. He grunts as she swings the side of her palm against his ear and then the vulnerable crease of his neck and shoulder. "Fuck!" "Language," she chides, skipping back, already prepared for defensive measures. He doesn't move, though, except for his hand rubbing tenderly at his neck with the opposite hand – she would bet that his left arm was absolutely numb, which was an accomplishment on her part. "You're such a fucking girl," he tells her grumpily. She quirks a brow. "Sorry my lack of penis offends you, Jazz." Her cousin shakes his head, blond curls flopping in his face as he folds heavily across the ratty lounge chair. Jazz looks at the nail polish again. "What's up with this shit anyway?" The fact that Jazz could revert so smoothly, acting as if he hadn't randomly jumped at her when he walked into the motel room, might have said something about his personality. She was sure he was a sociopath. Or maybe it was the life style. It's not like she would know the difference, really. She shrugs a shoulder, peering at her ruined manicure as she sits back down on the floor, reaching for one cotton ball and the polish remover. "Thought I'd give it a try." Jazz doesn't say anything. He can't, really. Ignoring the fact that he was male, Jazz always liked the traveling, liked being on the road constantly, and genuinely enjoyed the fact that he didn't have to put down roots in high school. He didn't understand. He couldn't. They simply weren't the same. She could see things other people simply couldn't see. Knew things other people didn't know – things people didn't want to acknowledge. The sins were color coded in her sight, bright and distractingly loud. Too much. It was always too much, but it was also her burden to bear, this curse passed down her bloodline. The curse stole the lives of her parents. That was fine, though. She made peace with that when she was sobbing over a filling grave, dirt suck beneath her bitten nails, hands too small to cover her tear tracks, too small to grasp the idea that Mamaí and Dadaí would not be coming back. Maggie had been moved into the home of her Mamaí's sister, Esmeralda, and raised with boys several years older. And though Esmeralda and Mamaí shared blood, they did not share the curse that had been passed to Maggie – not a single living soul understood Maggie's plight when the curse started not three days after the double funeral. It had scarred Maggie for life. Between the constant moving during her childhood, and living out of cars through her teenage years, the only connections she had were to her relatives – and even then, the curse kept her distanced from those who shared her blood. It was a peculiar type of loneliness, being surrounded by family, yet being utterly alone , because nobody knew what she was talking about when she said she saw the aura of a demon surrounding a perfectly normal person. They didn't understand , not at first, because Maggie was too young. She wasn't making it up. The distracting stains of colors never lied, and for that reason, neither could Maggie. As soon as Esmeralda began believing, though, four-year-old Maggie was inducted into the harsh training regimen of her older cousins. Tending to young Maggie's wounds, Esmeralda had always firmly said, " If you can see these things, then you need to be able to kill them. Now, stop crying. Be a brave girl." If Maggie was anything, she was brave – to the point of recklessness. To Maggie, there was only the truth and it was what she lived by. She had to be steadfast in her convictions. There was no other option. She frowns at the color that comes off with the cotton ball, glancing at the polish bottle with a wistful expression before pushing the longing away. She wasn't a normal girl. As her lips pull in expression, her attention is drawn to the stinging pain on her lower lip, her tongue pushing against the wound. "I can't believe you split my lip," she tells Jazz. "I have to go to school tomorrow." Jazz shrugs, shooting her a particularly arrogant grin. "So what? You'll just be the hard ass that nobody wants to mess with." Maggie's eyes narrow at him. She stands silently, gathering her nail polishes, and relishing in the fact that by this time tomorrow, Jazz would be sporting a nasty black eye. He totally deserved it, too. In the bathroom – which was decorated in a truly terrifying shade of 70's peach – Maggie stashes her nail polishes into the toiletry bag she kept beneath the sink, her eyes catching in the mirror before she can stop herself. Malachite . That was the color. Once, when Maggie was almost seven, Esmeralda had insisted they stop at a geological museum in South Carolina – she said it was so Maggie and her cousins would be able to identify the gemstones witches sometimes used. It was one of Maggie's favorite memories…or, it would have been, had the trip not been tainted by her discovery. Jazz and Eddie had been looking at moonstones at the time, listening to Carlisle tell them that the stones could be used to stop a werewolf shift, when Maggie had stopped in front of a display. The rings of the shining stone were dark green, shifting to shades lighter and back, mesmerizing and soothing in pattern. The color of the gemstone was so familiar, a shade and pattern she saw in her reflection. Esmeralda had noticed her preoccupation and stepped up behind her. "That's malachite," she had said, hand tightening on Maggie's shoulder, faint Irish accent thicker for a moment as she named the stone. " It's used to draw negative energies and trick demons. Your eyes are the same color … just like my sister. It's a gift and a curse. " It took a long time for Maggie to make peace with that dichotomy – not only the fact that she was inborn with a trait that was particularly helpful, but that this very trait was the thing that both connected her to Mamaí and caused Mamaí to be taken away. She could see demonic auras – her eyes were specifically designed to trick demons, draw them in, get them close enough so that she could kill them. It was a skill that Esmeralda and Carlisle didn't hesitate to take advantage of, and by the time she was nine, she was being used as a demon tracker and as a tempting decoy. Her first kill came soon after that. Childhood and the family business – for lack of a better term – weren't mutually exclusive. And Maggie new that Esmeralda and Carlisle were harder on her than they were with Jazz and Eddie, because she had a legacy, a destiny on top of obligation, to be better, to work harder, and to sacrifice more. Now that she's older, Maggie appreciates that her relatives made her tough, because it's saved her ass more than once, especially now that Jazz and Eddie were old enough to hunt alone, which meant that Esmeralda and Carlisle could run off to track and research before Maggie and the boys cleaned up the messes the monsters created. Maggie sighs, studies the rings of green in her eyes, dark and bright, completely unforgiving of the smudged reflection in the mirror, repeating the same words Esmeralda often told her in quiet near-maternal moments. " The life of a hunter isn't rewarding, Mags. There are no thank-yous or moments of peace. There is righteousness and bravery and those are our constant companions ," she tells her reflection, face twisting. "You're right about that, Aintín, but I'm so tired." She looks away and hurries out of the bathroom – doesn't bother comforting herself, because she's pretty sure she lost touch of most of her emotions between the funeral of her parents and her first broken collarbone. In this life, there is only the work; and for Maggie, there is always the knowing. And it never, ever ends. "'bout time to write in your diary?" Jazz asks, obnoxious as usual, as she crosses the flat, matted motel carpet, socked feet sliding over the grit. His head is lolling over the arm of the chair he's on, legs dangling over the other side as he twirls a switchblade between his fingers. Jazz had a preoccupation with knives. His collection was both scary and impressive. He named his favorite one, the one currently in his callused hand, Alice after a blind psychic in Mississippi that he always stopped in to see if they came a hundred miles too close. It was cute and stalker-ish and wholly Jazz. But Maggie isn't in the mood for Jazz and his teasing – not right now, anyway. Maggie narrows her eyes. "Fecking chancer," she says lowly, drawing on the slang of their shared Irish heritage. It was an unspoken warning between the cousins that as soon as the slang slipped out, someone needed to step back. Collectively, between the three of them, their relationships often walked the line between violent and teasingly affectionate. But growing up like they did, it was always possible for things to get ugly quick – the slang was the only warning that was ever taken seriously. Jazz, wisely, gets the message, and backs off, fancifully flipping his knife to the opposite hand and looking away. Maggie can't see her face, but she's sure her expression says enough – and Jazz was never unnecessarily cruel. She knew that he would make a comment about mood swings later, though. That was just the kind of relationship they shared. She sits heavily on the faded floral quilt, ignoring the cloying scent of cheap perfume that stuck to the fibers of the bed, and closes her eyes, head tilted back, mind wandering. It was a weird time of day, that handful of hours between mid-afternoon and dusk, and Eddie was using his particular charms to look up public records, since he actually liked libraries. Usually, Maggie would tag along – but she and Jazz had needed to visit the school so she could be registered. Again. It wasn't like she was stupid or disliked learning, because she already