Issue No. 1: THE ORIGINS "Trying to hold, hold out for now With these ice caps melting down With the transistor sound And my Chevrolet Terra plane Going round, round, round…" · Beck 1. Manhattan, New York - 2194 Einstein once surmised, quite aptly, that the perception of time is an illusion and that there is no past, present, or future - yet she knows that all things have a beginning, a middle, and an end despite what alternates physics might propose. This is the beginning. This is the event from which all others depart. This is the catalyst: a headache. It's an innocuous headache, the sort that can be managed with a single dissolving tablet beneath the tongue that tastes of too-sweet artificial cherries. Bella takes a tablet when the expensive imported Oriental tea in the kitchen cabinets doesn't quite take the edge off, and again in the afternoon when she deduces that the ache between her temples isn't related to the stress of researching her dissertation. The tablets are from a lone bottle that resides in her double-mirrored medicine cupboard fit squarely above the sink in her en suite, a leftover prescription from the migraines she had two years previous. She supposes that they are less effective because of the limited shelf-lives of medicine and makes a hastily-scrawled note in cramped letters to remind herself to renew the script for the tablets if the headache continues. The note, like most of the others, will end up somewhere on her bedroom floor, lost between stacks of research and books from where she likes to spread out to study for exams. Sleep dampens the tender throb and when morning comes, a splash of cool water from the basin in the bathroom does the rest of the job. Bella forgets about the headache, already caught up in her busy, busy schedule for the day. She's a reluctant TA for one of the professors at the university and between grading tests for that class, she also has a meeting with her father that morning, a class in the afternoon, and highly-coveted time in the lab at the college. Bella dresses for the day with utilitarianism in mind, not that she particularly cares for fashion or that fashion is as complex now as she understands it once had been. A simple, soft boxy dress in a graduated tourmaline pink, with long, tight sleeves that shift into a faintly darker shade, opaque tights, and comfortably flat boots, with a tailored bisque coat and matching scarf for good measure, once she catches a glimpse of the weather readings scrolling along the flat edge of her clock. Her dark hair, kept cropped short to manage the wavy texture and so black it reflects light like an oil-spill, is held back by a simple silver-toned band, her face left bare as she shifts her attention to gathering the right tablet - she must grade those papers - from her desk to press into the slim, rectangular satchel that she regards as her life-line. With a palm-sized glass tablet in hand, coat over her arm, and her bag hooked through her wrist, Bella leaves her room, stomach growling faintly. She crosses the hallway and braves the spiraling stairs without removing her eyes from the newsreel on the tablet. Like most people, she has configured the newsreel to her specifications, with articles and updates on the most recent science ventures, notifications of messages from various contacts, and quick-links to the synchronized files across her devices, should she be struck randomly by inspiration. She'd opted out of the newsreel subjects that had no interest to her, such as sports and politics - and so it comes as a mild shock that the primary recurring story on her tablet is one classified as Breaking News and not a bulletin from her favorite science journal. Bella's brows climb as she rounds the corner into the kitchen, flicking her finger across the tablet to send the video to the larger screen braced over the breakfast nook. The video is of a female news anchor staring seriously into the camera, delivering her report with a flat tone and stiff expression; behind her, projected on the large screen over her shoulder, is another shakier video, made all the more fuzzy for the jumping of the pictures within the frame. Below the anchor, a red bar appears with the words Breaking News in rolling, bold script. Looking at only the background video, Bella can't make heads or tails of what, exactly, the video is supposed to be, or what the news story could possibly be about. Then, she tunes her ears to the anchor's voice, blinking in comprehension. "… in worldwide breaking news, reports of unexplained events connected to what scientists have named as the singularity in a series of peculiar solar flares, a so-called Great Flare that occurred sometime in the last fifty years, before the resurrection of the satellite shields, has led to the detaining of several private citizens across the world…" Bella frowns, looking again to the shaky video - taken by a bystander - as quick glimpses of bright gold flashes across the screen - and behind the gold, a person running away , muffled shouts from officers following the figure as it darts out of the frame. It's getting worse , she thinks with empathy. And more obvious . "…Earth's shield protecting against solar radiation has been rumored to be failing since 2173, which has led the scientific community to hypothesizing about the effects of repeated solar radiation to humanity." The grave anchor pauses, touching a finger to the audio piece in her ear. " Governments around the world are keeping quiet about the plausible existence of humans touched by solar radiation, but social media has begun to dub the supposed stars of such events as Extrahuman…" Bella lowers the volume on the video until it is background noise, processing the implications of what the scientific community is suggesting as she sets to work on making a quick breakfast. Her skills are unfortunately sparse in the kitchen, but she is adept enough to put together bread and strawberry jam to go with her morning cup of tea, which sit like lead in her stomach. Rumors had been going around for years about this sort of thing, she knows. Being in college from such a young age, Bella was exposed to all manner of urban legends about humans who could do extraordinary things - climbing walls without assistance, healing from wounds without medical aid, even flying . She hadn't believed the tales, of course, and hadn't paid more than a passing interest in listening to the myths, but the rumors had always been there, even before her time. She assigned the same detached curiosity to these rumors as she did to mythological heroes of old. But now, she reconsiders, if not absently. If the rumors are true, then the branches of science her degrees were in would be the center of momentous attention, that much was true. Bella has already begun mentally cataloguing possible genetic abnormalities and feats of sly engineering that would make such rumors possible and she is distracted enough by her own thoughts that she doesn't notice the time until it is brought to her attention - abruptly - by her tablet. "Oh," she breathes, standing quickly enough that her head floats, just for a second. She touches a hand to her forehead briefly, considering. No fever . No headache, either. Good. Leaving her plate and cup on the smooth cream marble counter of the breakfast nook, Bella dons first her coat, then her scarf, curling her fingers around the handles of her satchel before tucking her tablet into the generous pocket on the side of her bag. With some amount of effort, she turns her mind from the sensationalized rumors of news media to the upcoming meeting with her father. It has been a particular routine of Bella's childhood that she had scheduled meetings with her father, bi-weekly awkward half-hours that she had come to regard as progress reports. Her mother, having died while Bella was still a toddler, had married a brilliant man - and a distant one who made it no secret that he hadn't planned for fatherhood at any point in his illustrious career. Bella, having been raised by a series of nannies and house maids, was of the mind that her father was a guardian that she had to tolerate. The bi-weekly meetings were part of this. That did not mean that Bella didn't dread them, because she did - she loathed the tense silences, filled only with her father's stone expression and her faint attempts at connecting with the man, attempts that she had given up on entirely a few years previous. He paid for her schooling, nothing more, and so she honored these meetings in the same manner that one held appointments with a dentist. They were a necessary evil. As the meetings were arranged around her father's schedule - and as she was almost certain they were never in residence at the Fifth Avenue townhouse at the same time, if ever - Bella hails a taxi, hoping to reach the Upper East Side with minimal traffic. As she sits back in the shiny black leather seats, the taxi purrs in a well-known vibration, a slow liftoff from the ground as wheels tuck beneath the bed of the vehicle. The taxi driver eases into the second level lane, staying closer to the ground because her trip was not a long one, comparatively. Beneath the air traffic, the streets of Manhattan are remarkably clear, except for pedestrians, personal town cars, and waiting taxis; above, cars zoom in their respective level lanes, the uppermost skimming the topside of buildings in an effort to make the longest of rides between the boroughs a relatively short one. Bella is terrified of heights. She's glad that her life is a generally well-planned one and that she had never needed to be in a taxi that used any lane above the third level. She can't imagine what it must be like on the highest lane, with people as ants and wind as a companion. Absolutely horrible , she decides judiciously as the taxi touches down onto the street in front of a towering, gleaming grey-slated and chrome building. She pays the fare with a swipe of the chip embedded into the tender underside of her left wrist, money automatically deducted from her primary account at her father's bank, nods to the driver politely, and closes the door behind her, straightening her coat. Her father's building is certainly an intimidating one, a structure standing tall and as perfect as it had surely been the day it was first completed. It has been a cornerstone of her childhood memories, an imposing place of authority and disappointment - and it is an association that has not faltered yet. She feels a vague sense of anxiety as she enters the building and waits to be cleared by the security system, and then again by the security personnel, who call up to her father's office to confirm her appointment. The process is as taxing as usual, with Bella's eyes sharp on the satchel that is searched through and then returned to her swiftly. It's absurd , she thinks shrewdly as she steps onto the lift, hands folded primly across her stomach, which is churning tensely. I come twice a week for the last ten years, and they still insist on verifying my identity. I suppose that says a lot about what father thinks of our relationship . It is, as she reflects, a very sad thought. The secretary awaiting her arrival is new to Bella, a nameless face of sharp cheekbones and a ruby red smile who waves the daughter of her boss to the reception area of one of the uppermost floors of the building. She can't be but a scant few