Hey this is my first shot at writing a story + lemon, so don't to harsh. Constructive criticism is welcome Enjoy :) Some things to bear in mind: there are no initial pairings in this story, all of them are developed throughout. If you don't like the pairings I'm sorry, but I think they are really sweet ;) Rated M for … do I need to say it, you all know xD Disclaimer: ( Surprise! I dont own PJO) Set in the Blood of Olympus. … 'You will determine the matter once and for all! Today, now you will decide the victor. Four of you? Excellent! We will have teams. Perhaps girls versus boys? Hazel said, 'Uh no, I'm the only girl' 'Oh, of course…. We'll have shirts vs skins!' 'What!' exclaimed Hazel incredulously. 'Ok the teams are Romans vs Greeks. The romans can be the skins!' Nike cried. 'The last team standing wins! I will then agree to help you achieve victory!'. Hazels mouth suddenly dropped open when she realised what this meant.'Wait I'm a girl! I can't be on skins!' Nike, who wasn't listening to her, swooped away, the light catching her golden wings and blinding everyone. She whistled to the Nikkei who promptly backed off to give the demigods room. A spotlight shone done from above and illuminated the confused faces of the demigods. She then waved her hands, removing Jason's and Hazel's shirts. ( Jason, Hazel, Percy and Leo were on this expedition), and separating the demigods into the two teams. The boys quickly, though slightly reluctantly, averted their eyes from Hazel, who was now clad in a blue bra, that was holding in her perky breasts. Her stomach was perfectly flat, her gorgeous skin flowing out of sight into her blue skinny jeans. Hazel's face went bright red as she crossed her arms over her chest and turned her back on the boys. The boys stopped their sideway glancing as they saw her turn around and looked sheepishly at one another. For a second they completely forgot about Nike. And then: 'Commence fighting!' Nike cried, completely oblivious to all of their embarrassed faces. She waved her hands and summoned two obstacles that the demigods took cover behind. Jason turned towards Hazel with an apologetic look, 'Look, Hazel I know your embarrassed but we need to focus on how to get out of this mess. Jason's shirt had also been removed, revealing a muscular toned chest, and his rock hard abdomen. Hazel slowly turned her face round to look at him, presenting her cleavage. She looked up shyly, steeling a quick glance at his body, before meeting his face with determination. Jason forced his gaze upwards meet her eyes. 'Before we came me and Leo planned to capture the Goddess with a golden net. He said that it would be the only device that could keep her subdued on our ship; this is the same design of net that captured Zeus' Jason explained, quickly and clearly. 'Ok, I guess that could work, but what about Leo and Percy?' Hazel asked, worry etched on her face. 'They should of used that transport device Leo made, they'll be ok, they can get out, and hopefully come and help us with reinforcements.' 'Ok let's go!' She cried, as she leapt out from their cover and ran towards the goddess, trying to lead her attention away from Jason. She waved her spatha around and jumped up and down yelling insults at the goddess. Unfortunately, the goddess wasn't the only one distracted. Jason ran out but when he looked round to check on Hazel he slowed to a stop in a daze. All thoughts were wiped from his brain as he saw her breasts bouncing around, her bra falling to keep them secure. Every time she swung her sword, her chest was squished by her arms, causing the top of her breasts to pop slightly out of her bra. While Jason was under the spell of Hazel's breasts, a nikkette saw that Jason was distracted and raced towards him. In one leap, it hurled past Jason, snatching the golden net from him and landing with a thump on the ground, twenty feet away. This jolted Jason into reality as he raced after the nikkette leaving Hazel and Nike in the dust. He caught up to the nikkette and jumped on it, trying to wrestle the net off it. He tried to yank the net back, but it's grip was like iron. It grunted and struggled, hitting Jason in the mouth with a resounding "SMACK", knocking Jason back. Jason sailed backwards through the air and hit the ground with a thud, a metallic taste in his mouth, and lay their dazed. Meanwhile Hazel was fighting Nike trying to keep her attention. She ducked a sword blow and swung her spatha to Nike's left forcing her to dodge left. Hazel turned around to keep her in sight and was instantly blinded by the sun reflecting of her dazzling wings. Nike, taking advantage of her momentary confusion, smacked her back through the air, where she landed right next to Jason. She lay there, starting to lose consciousness. Her vision greyed she looked up just in time to see the golden net fly over her and Jason, pulling them together. Her eyes closed and she blacked out. … When she woke up she was lying face down in a denim material, the net lying on top of her. They were in a softly lit room, enclosed in metal bars. The eerie quality came not from the room, but from the complete lack of noise. Outside the room their was nothing but a candle lamp, sitting on a dull metal surface, and a desolate corridor, leading away from their cell into darkness. Hazel, blinked looking at the surface she was lying on. She jumped, and gave a yell as she realised it was Jason's crotch. Instinctively she jumped backwards, away from Jason, but only encountered the back of the net. She lost her balance and fell back onto Jason, her chin resting on his navel, panting heavily. Jason blinked and looked up. His face immediately coloured up as he realised that he was looking at a shirtless Hazel, with her breasts pressing into his upper legs. Her bra was parallel to his legs, giving him an unobstructed view to the top of her cleavage. He could feel her mounds of flesh pressing into his inner thighs, and woke up immediately as blood started to flow south. Jason and Hazel backed carefully, but swiftly away from each other, resting against either sides of the net. Both of their faces were bright red, and they avoided each others gaze. They sat there silent for a while, regaining their breath. 'Umm, so do you have any idea where we are' Jason stammered finally. 'No' Hazel replied, 'I just woke up now.' 'Uh yeah, same here.' Jason's face recoloured as he remembered how exactly he had woken. He found himself dwelling on the scene he had woken up to, but stopped himself quickly. An awkward silence developed between the two of them, in which Hazels eyes flitted to his crotch, and quickly away again has she realised he had a tent in his jeans. The hot puddle of embarrassment in her stomach simmered slightly. 'Do you have any idea how we can get out of this net?' Hazel asked, anxious to change the subject. 'Er, give me a sec' Jason said. He sat and thought for a while and then it clicked. 'Wait, these nets are gold, right? You should be able to control them and melt the side of the net!' 'I don't know if i can, these nets are designed to capture gods, they might be able to resist my magic' Hazel said uncertainly. 'Just give it a try' Jason said, a pleading note in his voice. Hazel raised her arms and focused on the side of the net. She channelled all of her emotions into her power, all of her anger, hate (and a lot of embarrassment). The side of the net started to glow. The chamber started to rumble. Molecules of air were thrummed with power, surrounding her and Jason. With a final drum of energy the air exploded, evaporating the net, and blasting her and Jason into the side of the cell leaving a ringing in her ears and a burning smell in her nose. Unfortunately the bars of the cell were still intact. While Hazel sat there coughing, Jason made a faint noise. Looking over he saw him staring unashamedly at her chest. She looked down and realised the net wasn't the only thing that had broken. Her bra was lying in tatters across the floor, the dark blue colour now black and burned. Hazel stared uncomprehendingly at the pieces until she realised. Her breasts, now uncovered were hanging freely from her chest. They were medium-large size, just perfect, with slowly hardening nipples. They were impossibly perky and just begging to be touched. She looked over at Jason who was speechless, his lust prominent with the tent in his pants, that were now uncovered, his trousers being in pieces around him. Despite this, after a few seconds he suddenly came to himself, and jerked his eyes away. He looked lost for words, but made a faint apologetic sound. A outstanding flow of emotion went through Hazel, mainly towards Jason. Having channeled all of her negative emotions into her magic, she was left only with positive ones. It included her admiration for his leadership, his performance in all situations, and the selfless nobility in his action. She loved the way that he had seen her in all situations, and would always help her no matter what happened. Instead of taking advantage of a situation they might never get out of, he tried his best to give her respect. This powerful force of emotion was triggered by the realisation that for the first time she had something she could give back to Jason. It wiped all else out of her mind, leaving only a desire to express her gratitude to Jason in the best way she could imagine. She crossed the room and kissed him, full on the mouth. Jason, though confused at first, realised what was happening and responded with enthusiasm, wrapping his arms around her waist and widening the kiss, reaching his tongue into her mouth. Hazel's arms were locked around his neck, pushing him deeper into the kiss, to which he responded by moving his hands quicker around her waist, amazed by the silky skin that they found. As the kiss deepened Jason's tent grew bigger, poking her in the navel. Hazel reached down with her hand and tentatively rested her hand on it. She felt a faint throb in her hand followed by a wave of heat. Jason gave a small groan into the kiss. Emboldened, Hazel wrapped her hand around the hardness slowly moving her it up and down. Jason, who was in too much bliss to suppress the moans in Hazel's mouth, moved down her neck, savouring the smooth skin, kissing and sucking at all opportunities. Her skin felt like the smoothest thing he had ever touched. His hands started creeping their way to her jeans, attempting to pull them down, but were stopped when they met Hazels arms. Hazel had took her other hand and grabbed both of his arms and guided them upwards, resting them and her breasts. Jason, taking the hint stopped his ministrations to her collarbone and payed his undivided attention to her glorious chest. He cupped her nipples with both hand and cupped them. With gentle hesitant fingers he started kneading, his fingers reaching over and twisting the nipples, occasionally leaning towards them for a tentative lick, or a teasing blow of air. Her flesh filled his cupped hands and he twisted her nipples teasingly, while palming her other breast. Hazel moaned loudly in response,