Past Mistakes The tension I felt beforehand is now multiplied as I enter the flat. Inside there's already a crowd, various Ministry employees and Hogwarts graduates all drinking and talking away the night – the sound of muggle music playing over the room. The room has a dim haze of smoke hovering above everyone, the intense smell of magical herbs and cigars force me to wrinkle my nose in slight disgust – making my way through the flat seems easy enough, although brushing up against or bumping into people isn't my best choice to move around. I notice familiar faces around the flat as I make my way around, tightly gripping Ron's hand as the faces snarl and stare at me. Although it isn't all that bad as the old Hogwarts crowd is still somewhat welcoming when compared to the off-duty Hit-wizards inside the room. 'Harry's new group of friends are welcoming as ever…' Although I'm engaged in several conversations, my attention is elsewhere. My paranoia prickling as I idly sweep my eyes across the room to spot Harry – my former best-friend. He's the main reason why I'm here with Ron tonight, to patch up our long-broken relationship – ever since that dreadful night on the Horcrux hunt. Our friendship isn't what it used to be, reduced to polite words and nods whenever we see each other in the Ministry halls – my slight guilt knowing at me from the inside as I think back to that night. 'I guess abandoning your friend to go off with your love interest probably wasn't the brightest idea ever.' I hadn't exactly been looking forward to tonight's party. I couldn't exactly deny the invitation from Harry, myself and Ron always bringing up the subject of patching things up with our former friend – but with no ends meeting so far. The party being the ideal solution at the time, but now being the source of my dread of finally having the possibility to talk to Harry again. 'He probably invited us out of courtesy.' I'd even tried my best to dress up for tonight, donning my best clothes in attempt to impress those around her for once – even Ron going as far to dress himself up. 'Judging from the looks I'm receiving from the unknown girls in the room, I'm probably not as nicely dressed as I think I am.' Money being the thing lacking in my relationship with Ron, our jobs at the Ministry being on the lower end of the income table – Ron's job as a lower ranked Auror only bringing in so much money. 'I guess having friends in high places does have an effect on the way you live,' before I even began conversations with my former class-mates I had noticed the other unknown party-goers all sporting expensive clothing and jewellery. It was enough to make my stomach churn in jealousy. The sudden urge to glance through the parted crowd in front of me is what finally grants me vision to the reason why I'm even here with Ron. He's sitting with Astoria Greengrass of all people who had just placed a bottle of beer into his hand. It's weird, to see someone you once cherished as a dear friend to be surrounded by those you don't even known, and to see him thriving with new people only dimming her mood even more. He's wearing dark jeans which fit well, leaving little to the imagination for as to what's under them. His white shirt fitting comfortably across his toned chest is in the same manor. He's not overly bulky like her boyfriend, no, he's a Hit-Wizard, spending his work time chasing down and arresting high priority targets. All that demanding work must have paid off as I can clearly see a strong form under the clothes he's wearing, even admiring the increased height. He hasn't noticed either myself or Ron yet, too busy laughing and engaging in a conversation with Astoria – the two smiling together as Harry listens to Astoria talk, the two of them sitting close together due to the packed room. 'Best to get it over with now.' Ringing my hands together in a state of nervousness, I pull on Ron's hand to make our way over to him. As we approach, Neville joins the group and says something to make the two to make them laugh aloud – the laughter diverting several people's attention towards them. 'It's been so long so I've saw Harry smile and laugh like that.' The three of them look over at us as we near them, their eyes calculating and cool as they watch out approach. It's Harry's gaze is all she cares about now, her need to patch up their relationship so they can go back to the old times. 'At least he's not looking at me and Ron like the others in the room, that's a relief on its own.' "Hermione, Ron," he greats us with such a casual tone that it strikes a pang in my chest – 'I'm still not used to Harry talking to me like this, like I'm just a casual acquaintance.' "Hello Harry," I reply meekly, Ron's awkward nod beside me giving out his muted 'hello' as well. I hope I don't sound as nervous as I feel, my knees feeling like jelly as we engage in something as simple as a conversation. 'I remember a time where all three of us could just talk easily to one another…' We both linger awkwardly, involving ourselves into the conversations whenever we can – just enough to try and fit in. 'It's probably better to just sit back and listen though, too scared to talk half time in case my voice shows my nerves.' Bringing up old Hogwarts stories seems and ideal solution, the conversation bringing a slight smile to Harry's lips as they all remember the times of Quidditch and late-night adventures – that doesn't seem enough to catch his attention though, Astoria Greengrass talking about topics that either myself or Ron know nothing about. Feeling like I'll collapse any second the decision for some fresh air seems promising. "I'll be back in a minute, just need some fresh air," I say aloud, drawing the eyes of Astoria as I interrupt her conversation with Harry – her eyes shining in annoyance as she looks at me. 'Sorry Ron, I'll be back soon,' smiling towards Ron with a quick squeeze of the hand, I leave the group. I walk up the stairs, the idea of sitting outside on Harry's balcony seeming like the best idea right now. Women turn to look at me as I walk past them, their heads ducking low to whisper to those around them. Hermione Granger, former best-friend of Harry Potter, and part of the duo that abandoned Harry in the famous tent. The doors to the balcony are locked as I reach them, cursing my luck, I turn back to find another solution – a solution in form of an open door leading to a bedroom, the bedroom of her former friend. 'Surely it's not bad if I just sit in there for a while?' Not thinking anymore of the consequences, I pushed the door open further and step inside – taking in the dark colours of the room, the various bookshelves containing piles of books, a dark wooded desk with scattered Ministry documents, and large dark bed. Sitting down on the bed I feel the silky cloth tingle under my fingers. 'Nothing like my bed at home,' I ponder my situation as I breathe the cool air coming through the open window in the room. 'Maybe if I'd stayed close friends with Harry I'd be having furniture like this?' I'm usually not someone who fawns over expensive items, but it's hard to mask your jealousy when everything around you is shouting at you saying, 'You could be living this life if you hadn't fucked up.' I sigh to myself and stand up from the bad, taking a quick detour to Harry's bathroom to kill more time. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Making my way back to Ron whilst enduring the torturous stares and whispered comments behind my back is becoming something of tradition, noticing Ron standing to the side fiddling with hands puts a falter in my step as I take a good look at the group. 'He's probably been standing there all that time, not doing anything.' There is also a new addition to the group, a rather tall olive-skinned witch who stands shoulder to shoulder with Harry – her arm casually swung over Harry's shoulder. 'More boy than girl that one,' I already notice the muscle definition in her arms as she playfully leans into Harry. Even though I don't know who she is, I can already tell that she's got a deep enough relationship with Harry to playfully play rough with him. Astoria seems to squirm around the unknown witch's presence, her eyes absently glancing over to her whilst listening to Harry. The faintest hint of a smile on Astoria's lips already confirming her thoughts. 'Didn't know the younger Greengrass was like that…' The conversation between the group is rather pleasant for the most part, well rather until the unknown witch now newly named 'Lydia' had dragged off Astoria by the hips. Their heads close together as they whisper. Everything continues as normal until Harry turns his head to look over the heaving crowd. The front door opens and Pany Parkinson of all people walks in, followed by a smirking Daphne Greengrass. The look on Harry's face as he watches Daphne approach is one that neither herself or Ron had ever saw from Harry, a look of a lion stalking its prey. His eyes intently focus on the approaching blonde-haired witch as she finally comes to a point of realization. 'Surely Harry doesn't have a thing for Slytherins? Not after the war.' Daphne and herself had never gotten along all too well, the two always head-to-head in academic scores, the Slytherin always spouting pro pureblood insults to her. She'd always labelled her as Pansy's group of friends, the type that she purposefully avoided at Hogwarts. The two in question greet together with a firm hug, their bodies melting together as Daphne leans into Harry's strong form. Daphne smirks into Harry's neck, her cheeks tinged red in a drunken haze she notes – Harry's arm circling around Daphne's waist as they both share quiet words which causes them both to laugh quietly together. Me and Ron just stand stoic to the side, not knowing what to do in the situation – Daphne pulls back from Harry only to give him a quick kiss to the cheek. She makes greetings to Neville then finally taking her place besides Harry again – to finally turn and look at myself and Ron. "Granger, Weasley." Blinking at her casual tone I reply with a muted 'hello' which is yet again followed by Ron's awkward nod. Daphne laughs at the situation, letting herself lean into Harry again. 'Probably too drunk too even stand up straight.' "So… Pansy, what's she doing here?" Harry hands Daphne his drink, letting her take a deep swig out of the Beer Bottle. She eyes me weirdly, as if I had just spoken in a foreign language – I level her stare with my own in hopes to hold my ground and at least get involved with Harry again. "Pansy and I are life-long friends. She's also one of Harry's newer friends, so get used to her being around." Daphne smiles back whilst handing Harry his drink back. I nod to myself mutely, feeling like I've just been put on the spot. The feeling of Ron's hand tightening in my hand gives me a brief measure of support. Deciding that we best at least speak to others in the party, I drag Ron along with me to the few friendly faces in the room, mingling and catching up with