A few things before we start this story, Full Summary: The International Confederation of Wizard's Quidditch Committee is hosting the World Cup in a few months. The problem is, the players are refusing to participate, citing that the previous cup was poorly planned and underwhelming, making it a waste of vacation time. Among those who do not want to participate is Puddlemere United's star chaser, Draco Malfoy. Instead of canceling the event, the committee decided that this year it would be better to hire professionals. They approached Hermione Granger, the owner of Heavenly, the top events management company of the wizarding world and muggle world. Hermione's number one priority is to convince Draco to join the world cup. Draco's number one priority is to spend his vacation time wisely, like charming any girl he wants because he can. Hence, he refuses to meet with any of the World Cup organizers. Hermione hated not succeeding. She decided that she will personally dragged the Chaser out of his vacation, even if it meant becoming the chaser, herself. Premise: This story keeps the Hogwarts time intact. The big change would be after the final battle where everything transition to a multicultural scene between wizards and muggles. There will be references every now and then. Also this story explores different couples. The only canon would be Harry and Ginny. My thoughts: This is my first Harry Potter story featuring my favorite non-canon couple. I will also be exploring adult content. I'm still working on my other stories but if you notice that, I deleted my old ones. Those are true. I am honestly working on writing better so I couldn't handle my old writing. I'm sorry for that. Hermione Granger just landed at Heathrow Airport. A lot of people think that it was absurd for her to take flights, when taking floo network, portkeys and apparating were simpler and available. She smiled at the thought. People don't understand the convenience of flying first class. It was something she could afford, now that she was the owner of Heavenly, the top events planning and management for both the wizarding and muggle world. Flying first class also helped keep up appearance with the muggle world. She glanced around, the arrival floor. She smiled at finding the mob of red hair and jet black beside it. Ginny and Harry had arrived to pick her up. She approached the couple and gave them both a hug. Ginny then spoke, after Harry grabbed her bags. "How long will you be staying this time?" Hermione shrugged. "I have no idea, Gin. I'm meeting with the chairman of the quidditch confederation tomorrow. Although, I still have no idea what they want, probably to organize the world cup after party. Do you Harry?" It's been 10 years since the war. A lot has changed. Ginny and Harry married 4 years ago, already expecting their second child. That wasn't surprising, but the shocking part was Harry's chosen career path. A lot would have expected him to take a job as an auror, or defense against the dark arts teacher, maybe even as an unspeakable, but he chose to work as an employee for the department of games and sports. He eventually became the head of the department. Hence, why Hermione asked him. "I'm surprised, you know that world cup is approaching. But yeah,you'll find out tomorrow." Hermione made a face, but didn't prod. They started walking to the Wizarding office in the airport, to register her return. She had cleared muggle immigration but she still needs to go through wizarding immigration. "I still don't understand why you like taking the airplane, Hermione." Hermione laughed. "Harry understands the comfort. He flies too, when he needs to meet with other foreign ministries." Harry nodded in agreement. "We should really try to take a plane to our next vacation, Gin." "I really hope, you're joking, Harry. They are very different from broomsticks." She turned to her friend. "Oh Hermione, will you be staying with us? You didn't mention anything when you owled us. Harry brought a car just in case." She gave her best friend a grateful smile. "I might not. I'll be staying at the Four Seasons." Ginny squealed in excitement. "Can I come over? I like these big luxurious hotels, one of the advantages of the muggle world." Hermione smiled at her friend. "It also helps that Wizards started investing in big muggle hotels, making it more accessible and wizard-friendly." Harry, who was following the two girls, joined the conversation. "You mean families like the Malfoys, started building and acquiring Muggle hotels. I'm still surprised Lucious hasn't rolled in his grave. Narcissa seems to be running the empire quite smoothly." The group held no grudge over the war. It was better to move on. They both understood the craziness that went on. The Malfoy family, although disgraced chose to live their lives moving passed the criticism. With the death of Lucious Malfoy, Narcissa took the Malfoy and Black fortune under her belt and built an empire combining wizarding and muggle technologies. She even, offered Arthur Weasley a job. She needed people who were open to adapting the muggle culture. This included cellphones, laptops, cars and hotels. Draco Malfoy on the other hand dabbled with their empire during his free time. People heard that he studied in a muggle university, similar to Hermione, to run the business to the best of his ability. Truthfully, he only dabbled in the business. He still had his main job, to the surprise of everyone. He's the top Chaser for England, playing for Puddlemere United. Hermione had finished her registration, and they were driving to the Four Seasons. She was seated in the back seat, while Ginny sat up front. Harry was driving. "I thought Ron was coming with you." Ginny turned her gaze to her friend. "He would have but, he finally got a date with Pansy." "Good for him. I'm surprised he lasted that long." Harry chuckled from the wheel. "Their shouting matches are still entertaining." Hermione smiled. "Should be." The friends were living very different lives compared to Hogwarts. Ron and Hermione weren't a couple. They tried but found that Hermione needed more challenged. Ron needed more independence. They were parasitic with each other. Ron found his calling by joining George at the Weasley's Wizard Wheeze. It was surprising for everyone, but he was good at managing it, but not at the gags of it all. George needed another partner in crime with the experiments and that's where Blaise Zabini came in. He joined as an investor and eventually became part of the inventive trio. It came as a surprised but, like everyone, they took a chance on each other. It also did help that Blaise was dating Luna at that time. Now they're engaged. Hermione got settled in her room after having dinner with the couple at the restaurant. Lying down, she looked back at how much life has changed. She travelled for a living. A lot of people expected her to work for the ministry, even become a healer but she discovered that she liked to be put in charge and organize events. She combined her skills in witchcraft with her muggle heritage and created magical and breathtaking events for a living. It was a challenging to start from the ground up but Hermione, eventually her company found its success. It helped that her parents also provided capital from their lucrative dentistry profession. She started out with the Potter affair then the Hogwarts reopening ball. For the muggle world, she had friends from university who started successful clubs and needed organizers. Some of her friends also heard of her unique party skills and decided to ask her to organize after party for various fashion brands around Europe. These led to her eventual fame in both worlds for creating unique evets for clients, be it Weddings, Parties or Balls. It really helped that she had met a lot of connections while studying at London School of Economics and Hogwarts. Certain universities accepted wizards and witches as long as they meet requirements. Units on Muggle Studies, from Math to Science to English were taken pre-admission. Her friends from university were either rich, influential, smart or all of the above. They come from different backgrounds so it was relatively easier to build connections and built publicity through them All her friends were willing to help each other out. Now, Hermione runs a company of 100 employees. Both running around, the muggle and wizarding world. She had employees who were muggles as well as wizards and witches. With different clearances, assigned to different projects. It was a tough job, hence, why the big number. She closed her eyes and went to sleep, looking forward to her net challenge held by the chairman of the world cup. At 7am, Hermione was up, organizing her thoughts for the upcoming meeting. She needed to be prepared with whatever they would throw at her. They specifically requested for her not her other liaison so the event must be big. The only thing she could think of is the after party. She heard that when Italy hosted the cup 4 years ago, they had an after party after the American champions won the game. It was the highlight of the cup, sadly. At 10am, she got a messaged from harry that he has already arrived at the hotel lobby. She had reserved a brunch table at the Four Seasons. The Malfoys owned part of the Hotel so it was fully equipped with wizarding amenities, hidden from muggles. She greeted Harry at the lobby, and they walked together to the table. Harry glanced at his phone, while Hermione also peek at hers. "I am so glad that wizards finally, realized the convenience of a phone." Harry said. Hermione smiled. "I know. It helped that they connected it with muggle network. It makes my life a hell lot easier." Harry chuckled. "Because you were determined to make a company for muggles and wizards. Other wizards followed the trend." Hermione hummed in agreement. When they got to their table, they didn't have to wait too long for the chairman to arrive. She had requested the staff to cast a spell around the table, to filter out wizarding conversation for muggle ears, just in case. Another convenience the wizarding world has learned. She loved being able to co-exist like this. The chairman was a man with gray hair, probably about 50 years old. He was built not burly. Hermione guests that he probably played quidditch a long time ago. She just doesn't know who he is. He extended his hand to her while Harry introduced him. "Hermione, this is Mr. Peter Brooks, chairman of the international quidditch confederation. He used to play for the Holyhead Harpies 1985 champion team, as keeper. In case, you needed to know that." "Nice to meet you, Mr. Brooks. And no need to rub in my lack of quidditch knowledge. He doesn't need to know that." They all laughed. Mr. Brooks then said, "Ms. Granger, I assure you that your lack of quidditch knowledge isn't a factor. Please let's eat before we go down to business. Small talk flowed smoothly during the meal, by dessert the chairman was ready to spill. Mr. Brooks cleared his throat from the coffee and pancakes he just ate. "Well, let's get down to business, shall we? I know, you and Mr. Potter are friends but I requested him to keep this matter a secret from you until we finalized a few details about the World Cup." Harry and Hermione nodded, in agreement. Harry spoke. "Well, England is hosting the cup next year, so we are pushing for a bigger and better cup, since the last one we hosted was clouded by a darker affair." Harry and Hermione remembered that night, whe the dark mark was revealed amongst the celebration of that day. Mr. Brooks added, "When