" Ladies and gentlemen, let the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games begin !" I blink hard, trying to clear my eyes of spots as the bright sun blinds me. When my eyesight finally returns to me, I survey the area as fast as I can, knowing that the sixty seconds that we're required to wait on our metal plates will be gone in no time. I'm part of the circle of metal plates holding the twenty-three other tributes surrounding the golden Cornucopia on an open area of hard-packed dirt. On my left is a lake, and trees make up most of the area in front of me, telling me that most of the arena is made up of a forest. I turn my head slightly and see a wide area of tall grasses ranging in colors spread out behind me. Before I can study the arena more, the gong rings, telling us the minute is up and we can go, and my body is moving before I know it. I'm sprinting toward the Cornucopia, my eyes trained on the valuable goods at the mouth of it. I turn my head and see Glimmer, my other district partner, matching my pace. She gestures with her head toward the Cornucopia and then she splits off, toward a bow and its quiver that are on a blanket roll nearby. When I turn, I see a familiar silver spear lying on top of a container. It's the same spear I had used often in the Training Center. Thank you, Gamemakers. My hand closes in on the spear, and I immediately thrust it into the gut of the person that materializes next to me. I look up, hoping to death it's not a fellow Career, but I don't recognize the boy as he slumps, lifeless, to the ground. I spin around, looking for my next target. I don't need to look far; a girl is rushing toward me with a sword, but I can see how she handles it clumsily. She's expecting this fight to be short, since I'm probably about a year younger than her, but the look of shock on her face is no surprise to me when her sword falls to the ground and a bright red spot blooms on the front of her green blouse. I pull out my spear and scan the clearing, watching my fellow Careers mow down tributes left and right. Clove throws a knife toward a tribute that is sprinting away toward the forest, but she hikes up her backpack at the last moment, barely saving her own life. Cato is practically just swinging his sword around and tributes fall to the ground around him, dead. Glimmer is shooting with her new bow, but alas, some of her arrows miss, sparing a few tributes from death as they scurry into the forest or the field. I turn my head just in time to see Mitch stab his spear into the chest of a tribute, and Finn whips up behind the bleeding tribute and finishes him off with a knife to the head. Just as the now-dead tribute drops to the ground, Finn suddenly shrieks, "Look out!" Mitch prepares to duck, but it's too late, and the knife lodges in his back, causing him to fall to the ground. Furious, Finn screams, "Jerk!" and she hurls the spear Mitch had been holding toward the tribute that had thrown the knife, spearing him right in the heart. She drops to her knees, checking to see if he can be saved, but I know it's too late. I turn my head and see the crippled boy from District 10 struggling to bend down to pick up a loaf of bread. Should be easy to get rid of; he's not going to live long anyway. He notices me, and ignoring the bread, suddenly starts running toward the forest. I start sprinting after him, but he's unnervingly fast, even with his leg. I chuck my spear at him, but it narrowly misses him, and he retreats into the safer haven of the forest. Angry, I scoop up another spear lying on the ground nearby and am about to throw it again when I realize there's nobody alive left except for me and the other Careers. We study one another, my eyes shifting from Glimmer to Cato to Clove to Finn. Five Career tributes. We all pant as we stand still and listen for the cannons, each representing a dead tribute. "You guys have to disperse before they'll fire the cannons, you know." We all spin toward the sudden voice, our weapons up. A figure is standing a distance away from us, half limping as it starts heading toward us. We don't take our eyes off of the figure before he finally appears close enough for us to recognize him. " Peeta Mellark?! " Finn gasps, but Cato is already running toward him, knocking him down. At this, we all run toward the commotion, eager to see Cato slit the boy from District Twelve's throat open. Peeta writhes on the ground, struggling to get Cato off of him, but it's no use. Cato lowers his sword until it just barely touches Peeta's throat. Clove laughs evilly. "You should've just followed your girlfriend when she was running away, Lover Boy." We all laugh at the nickname, Glimmer even high-fiving Clove. Peeta coughs and clears his throat, which shuts us all up because we do want to hear this pathetic boy's last words. "I… I can help you guys." Cato laughs at this, but doesn't move. "Oh? What can you do, Lover Boy?" "I can help you guys find Katniss Everdeen." Silence ensues. He knows we all want to get our hands on and kill Katniss Everdeen, the girl that's been stealing all of our glory, with her stupid fire costume and her eleven in training. "How are you going to do that?" Glimmer asks after a moment. "Katniss and I were talking, you know, and I managed to get what she was going to do the instant she got into the arena out of her." More silence. We don't know whether to trust this boy or not, but the story seems believable. Cato digs the sword a little bit deeper into his throat. "How do we know you're not lying?" "Because all of it, the romance thing… it was an act." The silence is almost hurting my ears now. We're all staring down at Lover Boy in complete and utter shock, including Cato. "You're lying," Clove says finally. "Nope," Peeta states, looking us each in the eye. "Why would I lie to you guys? Strength in numbers is what's going to bring her down." We all look at one another: should we let Lover Boy live? Cato glances back to us, and we grudgingly nod our heads. "What's Katniss' plan?" Cato asks harshly when he turns back to Peeta. "She's going to hide out and hunt and look for water, first." "And then?" "Oh, you're going to have to let me go first, Cato." Cato growls, and he slowly gets off of Peeta. But just as Peeta sighs, Cato suddenly slams Peeta to the ground again, making Peeta wince. "But the instant we find out you're lying…" He digs the sword into Peeta's side, emphasizing his point. Peeta nods, and Cato finally stands up. We all watch Peeta warily as he dusts himself off. "She'll probably be in the woods," Peeta says at last. "She feels better in the woods because then she can hunt and hide at the same time." "All right. But first, we have to gather up all of the goods," Cato prioritizes. We spend the next few moments gathering up all of the dropped supplies, taking backpacks from fallen tributes. We all pile it deep in the Cornucopia, unsure where else to put it, and grab a backpack to take with us, as well as stuff we want. As the others pick around at the supplies, I stuff some knives in my backpack, as well as two spare spearheads in case my current silver spear (which I retrieved) breaks, a flashlight, a small pouch (for some reason, I don't know), and a first-aid kit. At the last moment, I take a pack of dried fruit — just in case I'm on the run from the other Careers later on. After we take what we want, we all start heading for the woods, and soon the cannons start sounding when we're a distance away from the clearing. "So what's your plan? Why do you suddenly want to kill Katniss?" Finn asks Peeta as we're walking through the woods in the diminishing daylight, long after the loud booming of the cannons has faded. "Get this: even though I try to act nice to her, she rejects it all and only acts mean toward me." As proof, he shows us his bandaged hands, which none of us had noticed before. "She did this to me yesterday." "What a bitch," Glimmer sympathizes. "So anyway, I just want to… extract revenge." "Wait," I interrupt, realizing something. "How did you get Katniss to tell you her plan if she's 'mean' to you?" The whole Career pack actually stops , and we all face Peeta, waiting for his answer. His face shows no emotion as he answers. "Well, I told her that I would probably die in just a few days in the arena, and that it wouldn't hurt to tell me what she would do. Besides, I told her my plan—which is just to survive—so it was a fair trade." He shrugs. We all jump when we suddenly hear a loud burst of music. We look up into the sky and see the seal of the Capitol floating in the sky on a holographic screen. The death toll. After the music of the Capitol anthem dies down, the head shot of a dark-haired girl appears in the sky, with the number three next to it — the dead tribute and her district number. ("Killed her myself," Cato says braggingly.) Then the picture of Mitch appears, and I feel Finn stiffen beside me. We watch nine more tributes float in the sky before the seal of the Capitol returns and another loud burst of music finishes up the death toll. As soon as the sounds of the forest return, we all begin walking again, the tall shadows now stretching out in front of us. We begin digging into our backpacks to find flashlights or matches to guide us through the approaching night. But as the shadows get longer and darker, the more impatient we get. "Okay, game's up, Lover Boy. Where the hell is Katniss?" Cato snaps when the shadows are no longer distinguishable in the jet black of the night. Peeta puts his hands up. "Hey, hey, don't blame me that this forest is huge and Katniss is small. Hell, she could even be up in a tree right now." The instant he says those words, we all crane our heads up to look at the overlapping branches above us, shining our flashlights above us and holding torches higher. When we don't see anything that could resemble a girl, we look back at Peeta accusingly. "As I said, this forest is huge," Peeta says helplessly. We're about to start cussing at Peeta when we hear the faint crackle of a fire. We whip toward the sound and Clove cries out, "There! I think I see the faint light of a fire!" We all give a whoop, and we start running toward the fire. When the firelight starts becoming distinguishable, we slow down to a trot and sneak toward the fire. "Turn off the flashlights and blow out the torches," Peeta advises in the front. "That way, she won't see us coming." We oblige, and we are cast into darkness. We sneak even closer to the fire, and Cato groans quietly when we don't see Katniss by the fire,