This story is primarily written as a role reversal with an Evil Protagonist, not an Anti-Hero. I won't explain all aspects of the story via summary, as the writing itself should convey it, this is simply a warning for what to expect. 'Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.' Chapter One. The belt struck down again, breaking a spot of scabbed over skin, leaking more blood on the already stained back. The strike after that brought the boy crashing down from his hands and knees face first on the laminate. 'You dare to-' The obese man paused to crack the leather again on the flesh that was as delicate as putty, and now with the consistency of it. '-embarrass MY family...' The next caught with the metal buckle, electing a groan from the previously whimpering child. 'With your FREAKISHNESS!' The last word was uttered as if it were a curse, in meaning and intensity. To fully express the gravity, it was punctuated with a vicious strike. 'What are you, boy!' The man roared, spittle flying mercifully instead of the belt. 'A freak!' Came the sobbed reply. 'And?!' 'I'm sorry!' The child wailed. 'Damn RIGHT!' The belt sounded like a whip crack, splitting a fresh cut and future scar. The next sound was of the leather being discarded carelessly on the wood, the man having decided that the lesson had been taught. 'And don't you get any tears on that floor. Goodness knows Petunia cleans up after you enough.' Yet Freak never cried any tears. He had ran out of them after the first few months of punishments. They were enough to teach him the way of the world. He was five years old. It was half a year after the incident when Freak turned his teacher's wig blue that Freak realised that Dudley was not being punished for as Vernon explained early on, "The crime of existing". This confused Freak greatly. Why was it that Dudley was exempt from the rules and teachings? This led to Freak nervously questioning Petunia on why this was happening. 'Do not compare yourself to my Duddydums, boy!' the severe woman snapped. Often, he was addressed as either boy or more commonly Freak, as this was what he was; Harry was what he was known by outside the house. It was a privilege to have a name, he was told, but he should never forget what he was. 'You're a freak! Dudley is not! You deserve it, while Dudley doesn't!' Freak nodded solemnly, realising this indeed was true, as it fell in with the key rule: Freaks are born with sin, and deserve punishment to be reminded of so. Dudley was not a freak, and thus did not deserve punishment. On a Friday mornings at school, they sang hymns to celebrate God and Jesus. Only, Freak didn't know who they were. The fact that God created the trees, flowers, birds and life in the world according to the songs got him interested in learning, however. Did God create freaks then, and if so, why? He wanted to learn. When he asked his teacher about God, he was promptly given a Bible from the drawer in her desk and sent off. At the house (for it was not HIS home, Vernon told him) he read it in wonder within his cupboard. Months after he had gotten it, the Bible had been discovered by Petunia, who let out a shriek that nearly caused him to burn that morning's bacon. 'What is this?!' She screamed at him, waving the only clean (it was reverently kept so through a cloth he'd taken) item in the cupboard wildly. 'It's mine!' Freak blurted, fists clenching at the way she carelessly handled it. 'Yours?! YOURS?!' 'I wanted to know why freaks were freaks an' if we could-' She struck him across the cheek without warning, sending him crashing into the fridge with a split lip. 'You've read it, then?! Did you read about witches?!' She hollered, mad with fury. Freak remembered the witches in the lessons and stories. 'Freaks are magicians, witches and sorcerers! They can't be saved, they're to burn in hell!' Freak froze, horror etched on his face. He... He was evil?! Vernon told him he was born with sin, but this?! He hadn't even noticed Petunia moving the pan of bacon to the side with her left hand, her right's bony digits clenched around his skinny wrist. 'Here's a taste of what's in store for your kind, boy!' As the flesh burned and sizzled under the heat, Freak screamed for the first time in years. He was six years old. Freak had felt many things in his short life. While pain, emptiness and apathy were the most common, there were some others. Confusion, like when he first went to school and was called "Harry", instead of the proper address of "Freak". Dread, for when he messed up a task or chore and knew an extra punishment would be in store later. Freak had never felt the rising sense of rage before, however. He had long accepted the pain, the scars, the agony that was living for being a freak. But he never accepted that he was born evil. With sin, maybe. But not pure evil. So, even without his confiscated Bible, he prayed to God in his cupboard with eyes closed and hands clenched. Prayed while moaning as the flesh, muscle, nerves and skin sewed together before his eyes. He would heal, but he would also scar. By now, his back was but art, there was beauty in its story. His suffering, his resilience, his strength. He rebelled by praying that the punishments stop, that he become normal and not a freak. Harry prayed and prayed, clenching tighter even as it delayed the healing process, that he be saved. Help never came. God didn't answer. He wept for the first time in years. He cried, and cried, and slowly become more and more angry. What had he done to deserve this? He hadn't asked to be born, much less a freak! It was not fair! 'Bloody hell Petunia, why is my bacon black?!' 'The Freak burned it Vernon, I'm making another batch myself.' The fat man chuckled. 'If you want something done right, do it yourself.' came the reply that rang within Harry's being. In that moment, Vernon gave Harry his New Testament of teachings. Harry unclasped his hands, the blood now dried in them. 'If you want something done right,' he growled, 'do it yourself.' The anger had become difficult to control now, to the point it interfered when he tried to do chores. Due to this, he couldn't always complete them satisfactory or on time, and was then subjected to more punishments, which renewed the cycle. He was a freak, and now he knew why. And it wasn't fair. it wasn't fair that he was sat here in the burning heat of the sun, weeding the garden, while Dudley got to play. He didn't know how blessed he was. And if Dudley was blessed, he was cursed. God did not care for his kind, he was sentenced to an eternity of agony that he could not repent for! It was not his fault he was born! He never asked for this... He was still a freak, but he wasn't Freak now. He was Harry, the boy who was destined to burn. And it made him angry. He was condemned from the start, and his carers reminded him of this now, often and loudly. He was battered and brutalised, burned and bruised, for what? God's sick enjoyment? Where was the love, the caring, the family he had read of? Not here! he'd been abandoned! He'd been abandoned by his parents and now by God. 'If I ever get a family, or children of my own, I'd never abandon them.' Harry vowed to himself, the red hot fury burning like the blisters on his hands. Harry had been told the world had nothing for him before by Vernon. That he was nobody, a Freak, and never would be anyone important. Those rules had beaten him, hit him, and tricked him. Now however, Harry knew the truth. Life isn't fair. He had been punished for the magic he was born with, that he hadn't asked for. Meanwhile, Dudley had been living a life of luxury, often causing extra punishments for Harry with glee. Life isn't fair, yet he refused to wallow in self pity. Children died, parents cried, but as Harry learned after realising just how little notice the residents of Privet Drive took of his plight and suffering, life simply went on. It seems that punishments, pain and prejudice was the way of the world. Not for Harry, though. It would be their turn. Nothing would change without him acting. So, Harry began rebelling. He started small at first, listening to the forbidden evil music of metal and it's similar genres. He took pleasure in the whispering voices, loud noises and violent lyrics. They resonated with his growing desires, his growing desire to punish his carers. 'Some of them want to use you.' He sang to himself in the darkness of his cupboard softly, thinking of how he cooked, cleaned, and catered to his carers. 'Some of them want to be used by you.' Oh, Harry hadn't met any like that yet. But, some of Vernon's teachings still echoed in his head, which he moulded and shaped to his own, growing doctrine. Vernon once said 'some are born to serve greater men' and Harry wholeheartedly believed him. Yet he was no servant. A freak, maybe. Servant? No. His carers would realise this, or be enlightened to the new ways by the old methods. He would be great. Initially, he had been embarrassed and ashamed of his scarred hands arms and back. Ashamed because it was proof that he was a Freak. Now, however, he took pride in them. His scars were his best attire, an abstract beautiful piece of art to which his body was a canvas. Harry had developed a rather poetic and philosophical way of thinking from the months of reading his Bible. Words were clever, and they had power. Names, particularly so. He had long been Freak, because of what they told him and called him. He was a freak and everything it meant. Now, he was Harry. His own person, his own ideas, his own mind, and his own power. Now, however, was the time for change. Time to put all his hard work and incline of rebellion into true action. He was not willing to simply manipulate them or someone else into this, no. 'If you want something done right,' he muttered to himself in the darkness of the cupboard, 'do it yourself.' Not when he could only depend on himself, at least. The fruits of his labours were blooming, now. He'd been practising for so long. In the darkness of his cupboard, he brought the power he was damned for into the world as a ball of writhing, slivering dark energy that glowed purple in the palm of his hand. Purple was the colour of royalty, Harry remembered. What was it Vernon was always fond of saying, again? 'an Englishman's home is his castle'. Well, that made him a Prince, then. 'Long live the king.' Harry giggled, laughing as the ball of magic moved in excited response, the low ambient growl like a train's wheels screeching in ominous warning. He heard Petunia opening the door to her and Vernon's bedroom, right on time. 'Nothing matters when you're dead and gone,' he recited the fourth of his own ideas, 'so it's better to live for fun.' To live for fun, yes. Something he'd been denied for years, yet he had some ideas on how to, thanks to Vernon,