Chapter 1: Blind Dates "Hi, Edward!" my date waves at me from several feet away. She leans over, probably to stare at a crab trapped in the tidal pool. I look away and a hollow feeling washes over me. I wish I was blind. She's pretty. But I'm uninterested. And I'm sick of her hints and trying to constantly get me to touch her or look down her shirt. Emmett flirts with his date. Why can't I do that? I look back over at Haley, but void fills my heart. With a few hops on the rocks, I'm further out. Waves crash below my feet, and before I can even think about what I'm doing, I dive in. Shhhhhhhhuuuuuuhhhhh, shhhhhuuuuhhhhh . . . The waves roar in my ears, and consume all my thoughts of inadequacy, washing away my desire to be something other than me. I hold my breath and smile inside, as seaweed brushes against my legs. When I finally bob to the surface, my date and Emmett's are screaming at him to save me. It was a two foot drop; it's not like I went cliff diving. Besides, the waves aren't strong enough to bash my skull into the rocks. So what are they worried about? I dart around the rocks; swim ashore a few feet away. Haley's incessant shrieking makes my ears shut off completely and my eyes glaze over. "Oh my God, Edward! Are you okay? You're not wearing swim trunks. Did you fall in?" Haley crows. I look at her, expressionless. "I'm fine. I love the ocean; thought I'd go for a swim is all." I shrug. A few minutes later, after she's calmed down and touched my arm several times, I stand next to her, above the tidal pool as I drip dry, and feel as trapped as the mollusks around me. Only they can hide in the cracks and crevices when she frightens them. Lucky bastards. I'm exposed. My date, Haley, is trying to show off, attract my attention by using big words while she digs out little hermit crabs and shows them to me. I smile in all the right moments; reply when needed. I die inside each moment. My head is cloudy, and not in a good way. "No! Stop . . . not that !" Cheryl, Haley's friend, and Emmett's date, squeals. Emmett chases her on the beach, threatening her with a sea cucumber and makes obnoxious noises, pretending to be a ventriloquist. I smile and roll my eyes. Haley smiles at me and tries harder to get my attention, pointing out a few more sea creatures. I'm numb, inside and out. I watch, unseeing. I breathe, but it's painful, because my chest is filled with a longing to be anywhere but here. "Are your feet freezing yet?" She smiles, but her eyes are unaffected. The disingenuous way she giggles sets my teeth on edge. I can feel a headache coming on. I shove my hands in my pockets so I can ball them up without her noticing. "Nah, they're fine. I surf all the time with Emmett, so we're kind of used to the chilly water," I say. "I've heard that you do it every weekend. I'd love to come watch you sometime," she responds. "You should join us. It's boring to watch, but a huge rush to actually ride the wave. Have you ever been?" I already know the answer before she says it. "No way! I'm too afraid of being that deep in the ocean. What about sharks and—" I stop listening to her and tune into the white noise of the surf. She just killed any tiny shred I had left of being even a tiny bit interested in her. "Hey, bro, I need to go! I've gotta be somewhere tonight, and it's gonna be an hour drive in this traffic to get home!" Emmett calls. Liar; you've got nowhere to be. You're just ready to get her naked and in your bed. I nod. "You ready?" I ask Haley. Her face falls. She wanted to stay here and be with me longer, even though I've been barely paying any attention to her? "Sure," she says. She stares into my eyes, and looks crestfallen. We walk to Emmett's Jeep, and the drive home is awkward; I fidget in the backseat while keeping plenty of space between myself and my date. Emmett tries to joke and entertain. I mostly keep my eyes focused on the scenery out the window. When we drop Haley off at her apartment first, I try not to groan as I walk her up to her door. "See you at school?" she asks, head bent and looking up at me through her lashes. Her arms wrap around her stomach and create some cleavage. "Yeah. I'm sure I'll see you there," I reply. "Okay, thanks for inviting me today. I had a great time." She smiles, but it's halfhearted. I didn't invite her. Emmett invited Cheryl, and she invited Haley. "Good, I'm glad. Have a good night." I wave, tuck my hands in my pockets, turn around and leave. I hear her door open and close behind me. My pace quickens. I drop myself back into Emmett's Jeep. The next few minutes are silent as we drive back to our apartment building. Once there, he tells his date to go ahead and let herself into his place and he'll be there in a few minutes. Cheryl smiles at him and does as he asks. When she's out of hearing distance, he turns to me. "Dude, what the hell? Haley's hot! You want me to call her? I'll go back to her place and get her. She's totally into you." I put my palm in the air, making a stop gesture and wave it around, signaling I'm not interested with an accompanied shaking head. "Why're you sulking like a pussy? Did you get stung by a jellyfish or somethin'?" His whole face wrinkles in confusion. "Nah, man, that's not it. I'm not interested in her. I'd rather go home and work on some of my school projects," I say. "Whatever. I don't get you. How many girls from school are you gonna turn down? Is there something wrong with you I should know about? You got a disease?" I wrinkle my nose. "Nothing's wrong. She's not my type. No big deal." I shove my hands in my pockets once more and shrug. "Not your type ?" he scoffs. "She's every guy's type. She's cool. You're too damn picky—that's what your problem is." He shoves me in the shoulder, rolls his eyes at me, chuckling, and then lopes toward his apartment. When he's gone, I let out a gust of air and my shoulders crash down to where they're supposed to be—rather than being earmuffs. "Shit. I suck at this," I mutter and amble back to my place; alone. . . . "Hey, doofus, Cheryl and I were thinking about inviting Haley over to watch a movie with us. We want you to join us," Emmett says. "I'm at the store. I can't talk right now," I say, annoyed. He knows I try not to be one of those distracted people in a store on their phone, yet he won't shut up. I've been telling him for five minutes now I've gotta go. "What is it gonna take to get you interested in a girl? Does she need a pocket calculator and an extensive vocabulary in binary computer language?" He snorts and then chuckles. "It would help. You know me—if there's nothing going on above their shoulders, then there's nothing going on with me below the belt line." I pull out my wallet while I stand in line. "I'll just tell Haley you're gay; it'll be easier." He hangs up abruptly. "Thanks, man. Appreciate it," I murmur, staring at my phone and then put it away. I pay for my food, and when I get outside . . . Pssssshhhhhhhhfffffff . . . It's pouring rain. Awww . . . Seriously? I walked. Didn't want to balance grocery bags on my handle bars. Stupid weather. I took too long in the store and the storm I figured I'd beat, rolled in before I finished. I bend my head to the side and look past the store's eave. The sky is an angry gray. I drop my head and curse under my breath. Maybe I can wait it out? I take a few steps away from the curb. This is why my parents keep hounding me and pressing to give me more money and a car. I constantly refuse; I like to make my own way. My bike's fine. Walking's fine. Or usually is. I consider calling Emmett back, asking him to come get me and give me a ride. I've got six bags of groceries here with me. Maybe I can suffer through him forcing that girl on me again in exchange for a life. Haley wasn't that bad . . . Yes, she was. I lean up against the wall right next to the exit of the store, staying out of the way of patrons leaving. I'm resigned to wait. I can't stomach anymore of Emmett's matchmaking. The eave protects me from the torrential pouring rain, and I'm not in a hurry to get home. I find a spot that keeps me conspicuous enough, so it's clear I'm merely biding my time, waiting for the weather to get better. I don't wanna look like some crazy loitering guy or some kind of stalker after somebody working in the store. I look around to see if there's a bus anywhere in sight. But then I remember I spent all of my cash in the store. I prop myself up against the wall and set my groceries down. While I'm considering I might be standing here a long time since the entire sky is growing more tumultuous by the second, a gorgeous woman with luminous dark eyes and long, straight sienna hair, steps out of the store. I stand straighter and lean a little toward her. My eyes widen ever so slightly as they roam over her body. Fuck. The way she moves . . . It's like every sex fantasy I've had, sprouted legs and decided to go for a stroll in the grocery store I frequent. She's oblivious to me watching her; she smiles when she observes the weather. She's thrilled by this apocalyptic storm? This wind is crazy. I chuckle at the back of my throat, cross my arms and pay even closer attention to her every move. She pushes a cart slowly and then stops for a moment to chat on her phone. I can't take my eyes off of her. I try not to listen to her conversation, but she's close enough I can't block it out. "Oh, sweetie, I'm so glad you're having fun. I feel like I haven't seen you inages . . . I can't wait to see you again!" My stomach drops. Taken ! Oh God. My palms sweat as my mind races. Say something to her. What? Fuck no! I try to look away, but it's like my neck forgot how to work. My eyes stay trained on her while my spine stays rigid. Maybe I'm misunderstanding. Maybe she's not taken? Of course she's taken, you dope. A woman that beautiful and powerful? Look at her. Her posture and the way she merely stands there; she exudes nothing but passion and control. She brushes her long dark, shiny hair behind her shoulder and then tucks a few strands behind her ear. A second later, she looks over and smiles at me. I manage to smile back even though my face feels like it's made of stone. Her reaction to me is very comfortable, and confident as hell. A fire rushes through me, and lands in my gut. She gives a tiny wave and goes back to