I'll Love You For A Thousand More (Percabeth Two Shot) I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians & Heroes of Olympus! I only own the OCs in this story! Also this is a double shot so enjoy! Warning: This story takes after the books so if you haven't read the books, you will be mildly spoiled from books such as House of Hades and Blood of Olympus. Don't read this if you want to be spoiled but if you do then I'm not stopping you. I warned you. And also this story contains the ships of Percabeth, Jeyna, Frazel & Liper so be aware of the ships that are in this story. I'm not using fully canon ships i.e Jeyna & Liper. So if you like Caleo & Jasper then I'm sorry that I'm not writing your ship even if I do like their ships just a little bit. I'll Love You For A Thousand More The Proposal After the events of the Giant War, everything in Camp Half-Blood was continuing to be peaceful for once along. The demigods we grown to love were older and had slowly moved on through life after the quest that took a toll on them. (Percy's POV) It was another ending summer in Camp Half-Blood, everyone has slowly moved on from the Giant War. We all went to collage but kept coming back to camp every summer after the war. Annabeth and I had graduated collage in New Rome and the two of us are still going strong, I'm still sure that I want to spend the rest of my years with Annabeth. From when I was taken and placed in Camp Jupiter where I saw older demigods and families of demigods in New Rome to my reunion with Annabeth to the fall to Tartarus and getting out of that horrible place to the Doors. So before the end of camp, I'm planning on finally asking her to marry me. I was currently pacing back and forth at the beach, thinking of a plan until a voice interrupted. "Perce, your pacing is giving me a headache for the past 3 minutes I watched you." Nataliya, my twin sister announced as she stood before me with her arms crossed. "Nats! I need your help—" I said before she interrupted me "If this is about you needing help to propose to Annabeth then count me in." She said happily with a grin. "It's about time you finally pop the question." "How did you know I was just going to ask you?" "I just guessed, I know you've been thinking about the future with her so I just waited for you to finally get the courage to do it." She shrugged. "Okay so will you help me?" I asked with a hopeful smile. "Yeah of course but first did you get the ring?" She asked "Yeah, Leo had helped by making it for me," I said as I pulled out the box and handed it to her. She opened the box and gasped, the ring was white gold, and it had two infinities on the side with emeralds and diamonds but the best part was the blue green heart shaped diamond in the center of the two small infinities. It took a while for me to find the perfect stone for the ring. I had asked Leo to do the ring from the beginning of summer at Camp and now it was finished much to my happiness to how it turned out. Nataliya quickly shut the ring box carefully and handed it to me with an awed expression. "Annabeth will love it, okay so you got the ring, did you get the blessings?" Nataliya asked. "Not yet, I haven't asked her dad and Athena yet." I said nervously. "Alright, we'll ask her dad then head to Olympus, Jay can help distract Annabeth for the day until we get back." Nataliya said as I nodded. "Now come on, we have to get to San Francisco then back here to Olympus." We quickly hunted down Jayson who was at his cabin sitting on the steps as he was writing things down on a journal. He looked up and shot us a smile and put the journal aside, he gave Nats a hug and me a bro hug. "What brings my girl and sister's boyfriend here? If you're looking for Annabeth, she's with Piper seeing Thalia." He replied. "Thalia's here?" Nats and I asked simultaneously. "Yep along with the Hunters of Artemis, they're stopping for the night since they're hunting around these parts." Jay said. "Alright aside from that, we need a favor, can you distract Annabeth for the day just in case she looks for Perce & I." Nats asked. "Sure why? Where you guys headed that my sister can't know?" He asked with a raised eyebrow. "Heading to San Francisco for your dad's permission." I said, I know Jay won't say anything to his twin sister, he was just a very curious person. "You're finally going to pop the question, took a while, I knew I always approved of you." Jay grinned. "Yeah, we have to go!" Nats said dragging me to the stables, we waved goodbye and ran for the stables to find Blackjack. " Hey boss & boss's sister," Blackjack said. "Hey Blackjack, we need to head to San Francisco pronto!" Nats said as I nodded. " Alright, hop on, I'll get you there in jiff." Blackjack said. We hopped on and made our way to San Francisco just like what Blackjack said, he got us there around noon. He dropped us off at Annabeth's house and I told him to stay hidden and that I would whistle when we needed to leave for Olympus. We made our way up the stairs and knocked, the door was opened by no other than Frederick Chase. "Ah, Percy, Nataliya, unexpected visit, is Annabeth and Jay alright?" he asked running a hand through his sandy blond hair. "They're fine Mr. Chase, we just need to talk to you about something, right Perce?" Nats urged with a smile. "Oh alright, come in and we'll head for the office, my wife and the twins aren't here right now, so we'll have some privacy." Mr. Chase said as he led us to his office. The room was just like it was when we first came here when Annabeth was taken on the third quest. The room was still lined with bookshelves filled with books along with the miniature battlefield in the middle of the room. "What did you like to talk to me about Percy?" Mr. Chase asked as he sat down on chair, Nats had excused herself out since she had to talk to someone, leaving me alone with Mr. Chase. "Well you see, I want to propose to Annabeth and I was planning on doing it tonight since we both have been together for so long and so I wanted to ask you for your blessing." I spoke, telling him of my intentions. "Before I give you my blessing, will you promise me something, promise me that you'll take care of my little girl and that you will be right by her side through whatever for the rest of your life, so promise me this." He said very seriously as he looked me in the eyes. "Of course sir, I promise to be everything to Annabeth, I won't let her down and I'll stick with her through whatever however long it takes." I vowed, Annabeth meant the world to me and I never want to leave her side. Mr. Chase smiled and stood up and held out his hand, "Well then, I give you my permission to marry my daughter Percy." I grinned and shook his hand, "Thank you sir, it means the world to me." "I'm glad Annabeth had met you and I hope you two will last for as long as forever. I best believe that you also have one more person to ask." Mr. Chase said giving me a knowing look. "That I do Mr. Chase, thank you again." I said with a smile as Nataliya and I made our way out before saying good bye again. "Next stop, Olympus." Nataliya said with a grimace. "Wait how will Athena know we need to talk to her?" I asked as I whistled for Blackjack. "Oh I made an iris message when I excused myself out when you were talking to Mr. Chase." Nataliya mentioned as Blackjack landed in front of us. We both got on Blackjack and made our way to Olympus, "I also asked Dad to come to Olympus, and so we both need them to agree so we don't have two angry gods at your wedding day. You wouldn't want one of them crashing your special day." Nats grinned. I tried to imagine my wedding day to Annabeth with either my dad and Athena trying to object at our wedding, I shuddered that would be bad. I'd rather not have two people mad at my wedding day. Our trip to Olympus was quiet but once we go there, Blackjack landed in an alley for us to get off. We didn't need mortals seeing Blackjack and us getting off, I told Blackjack that we would head home the old fashion way. We made our way through the front door, the guard was posted there but when he saw us, he didn't give us any attention. I looked at Nataliya who shrugged. "I might have asked Dad to call and tell him that we had a meeting with him." Nataliya said with sly grin. "You really want this day to go really well." I pointed out as she smiled. "Well it's not every day that my idiot brother proposes to his long-time girlfriend." She pointed out as well. We rode the elevator up and as usual the music was still stuck in the 80's, they really need to change that. We reached the 600th floor and crossed the bridge to Olympus, we passed by some minor gods and some shops that were opened. Most of them had watch us pass by but Nats dragged me along to the throne room. Once we reached the room that we were looking for was empty. "Are we the first one?" I asked looking around. Nataliya counted down to 3, 2, 1 and Poseidon and Athena both appeared, I shot a raised eyebrow at Nataliya who just shrugged. "My children, why did you call me along with Bird Brain over there?" He asked while Athena shot him a glare. "Why are you here Barnacle Beard?" She asked with her arms crossed. "I both called you here, Percy here has something to tell you both." Nataliya cut in. "What is it son?" Dad asked, I looked at Nataliya who was giving me a look of getting to the point of this whole thing. "Well…You see….I wanted to..uh…." I said nervously but Nataliya rolled her eyes. "Perce, get to the point for the Hades' sake." Nats said I nodded and looked at the both of them who were both waiting for me to continue, "I want to ask permission to marry Annabeth." I said. Before they would probably say no, "Look, I know you two might not approve but I really want to marry Annabeth. I have been thinking of this for a while and I knew from the start that I wanted her in my life forever. We both faced a lot of things together and I wouldn't want anyone else by my side but Annabeth. I love her and I really wish that you give me both of your blessings." "Percy, before you say more, I was going to say I give you my blessing." Dad said with a smile as he walked closer and clamped a hand on my shoulder. "I know you love her and I know she makes you happy, but that's my blessing, you still have to