How Katniss Everdeens life could have went differently: Katniss life was NEVER easy, It probably could never be 100% simple but I wanted to take the time to run through ways Katniss life could have been more easy or more difficult, I wont find EVERY aspect and analysis EVERY possible point of the book, but I will go over some things that could have made the plot and point of the story significantly different. I'm going to assume from this point on that the reaping day does still exist, Because lets face it, if there was no reaping or fall of government we'd be where we are right here right now. I am also going to assume Katniss parents did get together because if that didn't happen, katniss would be some blond merchant girl (and probably the sister of a mr. Peeta Mellark). To begin with, If Katniss's father never died in the inevitable mining accident: Well for starters, lets say Mr. Everdeen happened to fall ill on the day of the "big accident", katniss mother would never have shut down, so they'd probably have a normal functioning relationship, her mother would probably also be a loving likable character. They would be a close family, and katniss probably wouldn't have developed the trust issues she had due to her mothers abandonment. Katniss would have continued to hunt, with her father and probably developed the same hunting skill she had, while providing food, and finding a perfect hunting partner in her father. She would never have met Gale, and if she had, Gale probably would have stayed the distance from her and her father. But if her father and her had met Gale while hunting, her and Gale probably would have become close friends, and had an eventual relationship, just as it almost was in the beginning. She wouldn't however have ever met Peeta, and would have NEVER had the connection she felt towards him, for saving her and already risking himself for her. Peeta of course would have still had the crush on Katniss, and since he is a very likable and kind person they may have met while katniss went to the bakery to trade squirrels, or through school, but they probably wouldn't associate much due to their class differences, and his mothers obvious dislike for the seam and Everdeen family in general. If peeta would have came up to her, she probably wouldn't give him and her relationship the time of day, because like previously mentioned, she is seam, and he is merchant. As for the reaping, if Mr. Everdeen were still living, id like to believe in fate, and say Prims name would still be called, and katniss still would volunteer as tribute. She'd then go through the games, and would probably stay as far away from Peeta as possible, thinking of ONLY her family and Gale to get home to. She'd go through the games, and knowing how strong Katniss is, shed win . In the games, Peeta would most likely die, because the careers wouldn't team up with him due to the fact that he'd have no "supposed relationship" with Katniss and therefore he wouldn't benefit them in any way, shape, or form. BUT Let's say Peeta still admitted his love for Katniss on stage, the audience could still eat up the whole "star crossed lovers" thing, and the games would continue as they were, Katniss would then still nurse him, drug him, risk her life for him, blah blah blah.. although I doubt shed even play along if she didn't feel she owed him for the bread.. BUT lets say she did, (because she's smart, she wants sponsers, and hes not too bad a guy) and they make it to the end, with her, Peeta, and Cato. She would most likely just shoot Cato in the head, act as if she had no other choice, and kill two birds with one stone.. making her the sole winner and she would head on home, (while guilt would eat away at her in her dreams) shes become a HUGE sensation and arrives back to her family. Of course the capitols still corrupt, so shed most likely be forced into prostitution for the capitols people, and still end up extremely messed up like Johanna or Finnick, or shed end up crazy and deluded like Annie, and wouldn't have Peeta there who relates to her, and understands her and her nightmares. Shed probably try to make things work with Gale, but it probably wouldn't be the same because she would be a different person and she'd end up a lonely drunk looking to Haymitch for a drink and an escape, being forced to mentor and watch children kill each other for the rest of her life. OR on a higher note, she could go home, find comfort in her family, and slowly heal, while becoming a great mentor… BUT that's the least likely most unrealistic path. And that ladies, and gentlemen, is how Katniss Everdeens life would probably be if Mr. Everdeen did not die. So, story short, her life still probably would have sucked, but there probably wouldn't be a rebellion in her lifetime, and as long as she didn't mess up her family would probably be very happy, and economically well off. Next, Ill analyze, If Prims name wasn't called: Lets say Mr. Everdeens dead, and Katniss got the bread from Peeta, and became the head provider of the household, she still hangs out with Gale, and is very close to prim, BUT in a twist of fate, PRIMS NAME DOESN'T GET CALLED! In this perfect hunger game world, some random girl is called, and Peeta. I imagine Katniss would feel awful about not telling Peeta thank you for the bread, so in a last minute attempt shed awkwardly go into the Justice building and thank him for his kindness, and knowing the shock of the novel, Peeta would tell her right then and there he had always crushed on her, she would in turn leave, and feel terrible this boy not only had a crush on her, but was also being sent to his death. He'd go off to the games, be portrayed as a funny, man in love, and would be well liked. Katniss would sit at home wondering about her feelings for Peeta, and comparing their connection with that of her and Gales, then knowing Katniss she'd blow off the idea of love in general and just go hunting. And with Peeta being no where near as strong as Cato and the careers, he'd more than likely still die , and Cato would win the games. Or maybe on a crazy note, Peeta fueled with determination to get home to Katniss, SOMEHOW WINS THE GAMES! He, being funny, and charming would most likely be a prostitute, and live a sad life, and he'd of course want to know how Katniss felt. Katniss probably would just decide she didn't want anyone, because a boyfriend results in children anyway, AND WE ALL KNOW THAT'S NOT HAPPENING. So she tells peeta and rejects him, leaving him sad and heartbroken, or she'd pick Gale being the only person she truly knew… But she most likely would NOT pick Peeta. Or she could even never go see Peeta in the Justice Building, he'd go off and die and she'd just be a little sad, have nightmares about it, and marry gale. And even if he did still win, and she never saw him at the justice building, shed just be happy he won because her district/ family will get to eat for a year. So pretty much If prim was never picked, her and Peeta still wouldn't be together, and she'd hunt forever either with Gale as her boyfriend, or live alone and be happy she never had to loose a child to the hunger games. Now, How Katniss life would have been different if shed had a crush on Peeta all along: Every-things the same, she feels this great connection when he throws her the bread, and he likes her back! She'd have to be a WHOLE different Katniss to make this scenario even work to begin with, but let's just say she did crush on Peeta for the heck of it. She'd thank him for the bread, they'd more than likely begin to talk and become friends, and eventually realized they liked each other, they'd fall in love, OFCOURSE (who couldn't love PEETA) and she'd probably take Peeta out with her as she hunted, and in no way flirt with Gale, but be nothing but a friend to him. And she wouldn't fight as hard for her family's survival because Peeta would give her bread when he could. She'd probably be hated by the merchants, and Peeta would be beaten all the time by his mother, but they'd fight it out. Then comes the reaping day, Prim gets called, Katniss volunteers, Peeta gets called as well, he'd vow to protect her. They go into the games a couple madly in love! Everyone would eat it up, and they'd be a team from the beginning, Peeta vowing to keep Katniss alive and vise versa, almost as in the second novel. They'd fight it out till the end of course and in the last minutes Peeta would either kill himself or Katniss herself, letting the other win. But knowing Katniss she'd REALLY hate the capitol for pinning her against her one true love, so she'd still defy the capitol and save Peeta if she could, so they pull the berry stunt once again, and get out the games. Now here comes the fun part, the capitol and districts would probably believe the fact they were truly in love and not defying the capitol and they'd go home, live a life full of nightmares, and sexy cuddling. They'd have all the money they could, and they'd mentor, they'd still be fucked up, but for the most part okay! And they would still probably not have kids, (but if they did it'd probably just be one, that kid would be reaped, but they'd coach it till it won, and they'd be one happy slightly fucked up family!) Of course there's always a chance the capitol citizens and districts still don't believe the berry incident was out of love, and they would still be thrown into the second games, things would go as planned in catching fire and they would probably not allow each other to be apart period, they'd both get rescued and would lead the rebellion, into a better world. Prim probably wouldn't die, because Coin would not feel threatened by Katniss, as Peeta would do all the talking and make Coin look good (pretty much just pieces in another persons games) so she'd probably go down in textbooks with Peeta as war heroes and we could call that a happy ending where LOVE conquers all and she would have kids and settle down with Peeta… but again its hunger games…. Unrealistic. Or Peeta could still get separated in catching fire, and be high jacked, and once they rescue them Katniss would be the mess like she was in Mockingjay and would probably actually kill herself because Prim would still die, along with her friends, and she'd loose Peeta, or the book would end like the series actually did, where they grown back together, but probably in a sad little black and white Coin-esc world. None of this would probably happen, but we are all thinking.. DAMN why couldn't she just love PEETA from the git-go?! And speaking of love, What katniss life would be like if she loved Gale all along: Now, I'm Pro Peeta!..If you haven't noticed…. Even though I do like Gale. But let's say her and Gale do get together, how would things be? Well let's say Gale admitted his love for Katniss a long time ago, when they met. She'd probably deny him, UNLESS