HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAY TEAMALLTWILIGHT! Today is the day, Kasi has a birthday today and she is 29 :) Weekitty and I, Jess2002, have written her this little story. It is going to be full of everything. It's funny, a little angsty, and I am so sure some things are going to piss people off, but hey, can't make everyone happy. Anything these characters say is on them we had nothing to do with it. If you live in a trailer, which I do, don't be offend...js. Mismatched Love: Zany Bella is the maid of honor of her sister's wedding. She has to deal with Charlie, her soon to be brother in law and his uptight rich family who don't like her. To top it all off, Charlie's brother Edward is back and they seemed to be pushed together in everything they do. They are a mismatched pair that can't seem to tell each other how they feel. Bella's point of view. "I'm lying alone with my head on the phone. Thinking of you 'til it hurts. I know you hurt too, but what else can we do. Tormented and torn apart. I wish I could carry your smile and my heart. For times when my life feels so low." I smile as I sing along with the radio. "Isabella!" my sister, Renee, shrieks. "What?" I ask looking at her. Renee's hand shoots out to grab the wheel and I hit her off. "Oh my god, I'm going to die! Why in the hell, did I allow you to drive?" I roll my eyes and look back to the road. "You're not going to die. I'm a really good driver," I say, moving across the lanes to my exit. Renee jumps as a few cars honk. "Really, you're a good driver?! Then why the hell did you just cut across three lanes to get to our exit?" "Did we crash?" Renee lets out a huff. "Bells, please, can we just get there, alive!" I roll my eyes nodding my head at her. "So why has Charlie waited until a month before the wedding, for you to meet his brother?" I ask. "Edward, his brother, has been a way and just came back last week." I frown looking at her. "He just came back? Back, from where, Metropolitan Correctional Centre?" Renee glares at me as I glance at her. "What?" I ask because she's still glaring at me. "Eye's on the road, Bells." "Stop glaring at me then, Ren. I don't know why you're being a spaz. If I remember correctly you were the one that taught me how to drive." She looks away and I look back to the road just in time to see our turn off is coming up. "He's military, well ex-military now," Renee says quietly. "I think I preferred the ex-prisoner," I say gruffly "Please, Bella, Edward is important to Charlie and Charlie's important to me. Don't screw this up for me." I let out a sigh and see Renee giving me her sad puppy dog eye's. "I'll be good, as long as he is." Renee looks at me trying to see if I'm being honest. "Scout's honor," I say holding up my three fingers like a girl scout. "Both hand on the wheel, and you weren't in the Scouts! How the hell did you pass your road test?" "I found out the guy couldn't handle crying women, so when he said I failed, I started crying 'til he passed me," I tell her. "WHAT!" I look a little confused to why she is shrieking again. "What's with the shrieking? You'll soon reach levels only dogs will hear." "Isabella, you did not cry. I was with you!" "Fine, I didn't cry 'til he passed me." I say with a smile. "I would have if I needed to, though." "You're killing me, just drive like I taught you," she says with a giggle and a sigh. I pull up at Charlie's house and park the car far from the pretty sliver Volvo. No way do I want some soccer mom hitting Bernie. Renee gets out and gives me another pleading look as we get to Charlie's door. I watch her take some deep breathes, before she opens the door and walks in. "Charlie, honey?" she calls as she walks through the house. Just as we get to the living room, Charlie comes out and wraps his arms around her. "Renee, baby, I was getting worried about you." Renee, who is thirty I may add, giggles as if she still a teen. "Me too, Isabella was driving," she says seeming to explain everything. "Well, I'm just glad that you arrived alive then." I glare at Charlie and he winks at me with a grin. Charlie lets Renee go and pulls her by the hand to the living room and I follow behind them. "Edward, this my girl, Renee, and her sister Isabella-Bella for short." I look behind Charlie seeing a tall man, he must be six-two maybe even six-three. He has black pants and shirt on, but the shirt sleeves are rolled up to his elbows. I can see that he has some tattoos as well. He has a really nice jaw line, amazing green eyes, and brown-blond, I just had sex hair. "Yes, she is rather short." I raise my eye brow at him as he eyes me up and down. "And they are also ten minutes late." I roll my eyes at him, but as I look back at him, I see that his eyes look as if they are about to pop out of his faces. "Edward," Charlie says. Edward narrows his eye at Charlie and they seem to have this silent talk, which Charlie wins. Well, I think he wins, anyway. As we head out to the car, Edward seems to want to take control of the evening. "I think I should drive to dinner," Edward says as he walks past us. "There's a short cut that I can take." I frown as he talks more. "Wouldn't we be taking that route anyway?" Edward doesn't take any notice of what I said and keeps talking. "I should be able to make up for our lost time." I roll my eye and then burst out laughing, when I see him open the sliver Volvo. Edward turns and tilts his head looking at me. "This is your car?" Edward nods his head at me. "It's the safest car around." I nod my head at him still laughing. "That's because it's a soccer mom's car." Edward shakes his head at me as he open the car door. "What would you know? You're what, sixteen?" I frown when I see that Charlie and Renee have both gotten into the back seat. "I'm eighteen, about to turn nineteen, but even at sixteen I knew this car was a soccer mom's car," I say walking around the car and getting into the passenger's side. I go to put on the radio, but Edward put his hand in front of mine. "What?" Edward rolls his eyes and starts to drive. "I don't play the radio when I am driving." I look at him as if he's nuts, because right now, I think he is. "What?" "It can cause people to loss focus on what they are doing." Well, isn't he just Mr. safety. "In that case, get out and let me drive, because I'm able to drive while listening to the radio and sing all at once." Edward looks at me with yet another glare. "And that's the reason why there are so many accidents." I chuckle as he begins to drive. "And not listening to the radio will stop that? You many not trust yourself, or know outright that you're not a good driver. But you see, I trust myself and know that I am an excellent driver," I say proudly. Both Charlie and Renee snigger in the back seat and I glare at them. "Huh… sure you are, little woman-girl," I roll my eyes at him again. "You better stop with the eye rolls at me," Edward says as his lips tighten together. "Edward!" Charlie says almost in a warning tone. The car is silent after that. All that can be heard is Charlie and Renee kissing, which seems really loud. I huff and look at the other cars around us, feeling like they're all going so much faster than what we are. "Gramps, could you speed it up a little?" Edward doesn't look my way, but I know he's glaring again. "Seriously, that old woman was on a mobility scooter and she just passed us." Edward doesn't respond to me, and keeps his slow ass speed. I should have driven myself. I begin to tap my door handle out of shear boredom. "Will you knock it off? Do have ADHD or something?" Edward says raising his voice. As I glance around to see people in other cars even look our way. "Maybe, I don't know, I just don't like being in a car that is silent. And there is no need to shout, I'm not one of your crew, old man." I watch as Edward's knuckles turn white as he grips the steering wheel. After a long ass time, we arrive at the restaurant. The valet opens Edward's door as Charlie opens his door and then helps Renee out. I open my own door and walk around to them. We all walk in together and I see Charlie and Edward's parents wave at us. I let out a sigh and Edward looks at me before walking toward them. I see that Charlie and Edward's sister Rose is here with her husband Emmett. With them are their two kids, the pixie shopaholic Alec and the supper bitch Tanya. I had the misfortune of going to school with them both. Alec is the youngest and was in my grade. Tanya was the year ahead of us. "Sorry we're late, Mom," Edward says as he hugs her and then sits down in a seat. "Yeah, Mrs. Cullen, Dr. Cullen, I'm sorry it was my fault," Renee say as she bit her lip making herself look a lot younger than what she is. I look to my watch and see that we are a whole six minutes late. I sit down in the seat that is in front of me. I block out all the chatter that's going on, just trying to make it through. "I don't know why I can't plan it. I swear, Renee, I will do a great job of organizing your bachelorette party." My head shoots up and I glare at Alec. "Hey, control freak, that's my job! You've taking the rest of the stuff I was meant to do. I'm keeping this one!" Alec looks at me and his lip start to wobble. "But she's going to be my aunt and I already love her. I see her as one already. I just... I'm sorry," Alec says before crying as Rose and Tanya rub his back. "Alec, I'm sure Bella will welcome your help, and yours too, Tanya." I turn and glare at Renee and she knows quite well Tanya and I have never gotten along. "No, just let them do it," I say as I dig in to my dinner. Alec claps his hands and Renee puts her arm on my shoulder, but I shrug her off. I carry on eating as Alec again takes control of everything. I feel eyes on me and I look across the table to see Edward frowning at me. "Don't let her upset you, Uncle Edward, she's just trailer trash. Thank god we only have to suffer her through the wedding," Tanya say loud enough that the whole table can hear. I roll my eyes as her parents and grandparents both pretend they didn't hear her and carry on talking, even Renee let it slide. "Tanya, that was rude! Apologize to