I can see her. She is just lying there, not moving, not chasing after Thresh. Why? Normally she would be up and running within a second. Something must be wrong because nothing can stop Clove only…death. "Clove!" I scream, not caring that someone might be waiting for the right moment to attack. Not caring that millions of people are watching. Not caring about how disappointed my Dad must be because I am showing emotions, showing weakness. All I care about is Clove. Clove, the girl with the knives. "Cato?" she croaks. I quickly run over to her and see a dent the size of a fist in her head. I fall to the ground beside her and gently place her head on my knees. I gaze down into her eyes, the eyes that were once full of life but now look dull and sunken. "I'm right here Clove." I whisper in her ear. She slowly turns her head to look at me and when her eyes finally settle on my face she gives me a huge smile. But that smile quickly falls. She raises a shaky hand to my face and wipes something away. "Please don't cry." She whispers wiping another tear away. "I'm not crying." I say as another tear makes its way down my face, dripping onto Clove. "Of course you're not Cato." Clove laughs. She then starts lifting her head towards mine and I watch as the little colour she had left in her face drains. But she must be ignoring the pain this little movement is causing her because she continues lifting her head until it is about a centimetre away from mine. I close the gap between us and place my lips to hers and we kiss. The first kiss we have ever shared before her head falls back onto my knees. "Win for me Cato. You have worked your whole life for this. You can't just give up. Please promise me you will win." Clove begs. "I promise Clove." "And Cato." "Yes?" "I love you." "I love you too." I manage to choke out before the cannon fires to signal her death. No! Clove can't be dead. We were meant to win these games together. She can't be dead. But she must be, the Capitol doesn't make mistakes when it comes to death. I push myself up off the ground and arrange Cloves body so it looks like she could be sleeping. That's what she should be doing, sleeping. But no, the Capitol has to see children suffer and die for their sick entertainment. And I helped them. I wanted to go into these games, kill innocent children and all because I wanted to be rich and famous and special. But there is nothing special about being in these games. I came into the arena craving blood. I wanted to kill every single person in here. And all because they told us about the honour of winning. But I have to kill one more person…Thresh. Thresh. He killed Clove. He killed my Clove and I will get my revenge. I will also kill fire girl and lover boy. She always wanted them dead and she will get her wish. I take one last look at Clove before running into the woods. There used to be a song from many years ago that described Clove. I can remember before the Hunger games playing it to her. She had hit me and called me a little girl. But that night she had crept into my room and told me how much she had appreciated me playing the song for her. She had said it was one of the only nice things someone had done for her. That confused me at first but when I found out about Clove's family treated her it made sense. The song. How did it go? She can kill with her smile, She can wound with her eyes, Whenever she looked at someone in training and gave them her number one smirk you could tell someone was going to get seriously injured. She can ruin your faith with her casual lies, She destroyed many people by telling them one simple lie. And she only reveals what she wants you to see, Many people tried to break Clove but it never worked. The only person she would tell anything was me. She hides like a child, but she's always a woman to me, Before she died she would hide her true feelings behind violence and evil. But that didn't stop me from falling for her. She can lead you to love she can take you or leave you, Many people thought they had gotten through Clove's dark exterior. Thought that they had got Clove to love them, but they never did. She always left them for me. She can ask for the truth but she'll never believe you, She always asked what I was thinking and whenever I told her she would say I was lying and storm off. And she'll take what you give her as long as it's free, She was always cautious of people and whenever they offered her something she would always make them tell her what strings were attached. Yeah, she steals like a thief but she's always a woman to me. She had a shelf full of her favourite knives from the academy that she had stolen. But I still loved her no matter what she did. I walk over to the field where I know Thresh will be hiding. I crouch down and start making my way through the long grass until I see an orange tarp propped up by three sticks. "Come out and fight you coward!" I scream at him. I see a face appear from inside the little den he made. "Coward? You're calling me a coward? I'm sorry but I don't think a coward would kill that little friend of yours. What was her name? Clove? Yes, that's it, Clove. She screamed like a little girl you know. No one would have thought she had trained for years to win these games. She was-" But he was cut off by a knife that had lodged itself in his stomach. He slowly pulls it out and glares at me. Then suddenly he pounces, knocking me to the floor and holding the knife to my throat. Just before he can dig the blade deeper into my flesh I knee him and throw him off me. He goes to hit me with the knife but I dodge him and swing my sword cutting off his hand. He shouts out in pain but not for long because he sees me advancing on him with I rock in my hand. "She was not a coward!" I say bring the rock down onto his head, "You will never know what she was!" I say bringing the rock down again, "She was ten times the person you will ever be!" I bring the rock down on his head for the last time. I watch as his body falls to the ground just like Cloves did. I keel down beside him and whisper in his ear, "And now you know how she felt." Turning I make my way out the field and into the woods, leaving him to die. A few minutes later I hear the cannon fire. I am one step closer to winning, one step closer to be free, one step closer to be making Clove proud. All I have to do is take out fire girl and lover boy. Oh, she takes care of herself, she can wait if she wants, she's ahead of her time. She never needed protecting. The only time I ever had to help her was when her family was beating her. And after the awful nights where I couldn't help she would wait for me in the tree house we had made as little kids. She would always talk of a better future, a future she will never get to see. Oh, and she never gives out, and she never gives in, she just changes her mind. No matter what anyone did to try and upset her or help her she would stick to what she knew and wouldn't let anyone distract her. But she changed her mind about me, I was the only one. And she'll promise you more than the Garden of Eden. She told people what they wanted to hear. She would promise them anything to try and find their weaknesses but as soon as she found them she would disappear from their lives. Then she'll carelessly cut you and laugh while you're bleedin' The weapon Clove could use better than any other was a knife. Every Friday when we were allowed to use an actual weapon to spar people with Clove would always use a knife and end up cutting people. Even when the instructors said enough it wasn't enough to stop Clove from making people bleed then laughing at how weak they were. But she'll bring out the best and the worse you can be. But sadly what people didn't understand was that Clove was helping them in her own, twisted way. She was bringing out the best in their abilities. She did it to me and many other people but they thought she was evil and would always avoid her. She was a freak. Blame it all on yourself, cause she's always a woman to me. Nobody thought that Clove could have feelings because of the way she acted so they tried to show Clove how useless she was. But that didn't stop me from wanting to be with her. I hear a growl to my right and turn to see a massive wolf mutt with glowing green eyes. The exact same green as…Clove's. I stumble backwards and fall to the ground. How can they be Clove's eyes? They can't be hers. But I would know Clove's green eyes anywhere and they are the exact shape, size and colour. My thoughts are interrupted as another three mutts join Clove's. I quickly scramble to my feet and start sprinting in the direction of the cornucopia. I fly past fire girl and lover boy and don't stop until I am safely on top of the shiny, metal horn. I peer over the edge and see a mutt with ginger fur and a collar with a number five on it. It can't be she girl from five, can it? I look to the left of her and see a small. Dark furred mutt with a collar that has an eleven on it. Rue? It's the mutt of that little twelve year old girl, too young to die. The mutts I look at all have something in common with the 21 dead tributes. But I don't have time to name them all because the District twelve tributes are scrambling onto the cornucopia. They should not be here! Clove should be the one standing on top of the horn with me. Not two people from District twelve who have gotten this far due to good luck and a sappy love story. These 'star crossed lovers' have to go, for Clove. Oh, she takes care of herself, she can get what she wants, she's ahead of her time. She shouldn't have always been looking after herself. I should have been there with her at the feast to make sure nothing happened to her. But I wasn't and she died before she had a chance to live. Oh, and she never gives out and she never gives in she just changes her mind. She must have cared for me because Cloves doesn't just wait for anyone. She can wait if it is to get information or secrets from someone but not just to say good bye. She could have changed her mind and left me without a good bye, but she didn't and I'm glad. I am standing on the edge of the