I try to tune out the constant background noise of the muffled voices of people around me and the intermittent blaring intercom system as I make my way to the cafeteria of Panem Memorial Hospital. My nine hour shift as a radiology technician is finally over and somehow I've managed to get the next day off – a Saturday – and I'm ready to haul ass out of here. As much as I love my job, the days spent almost always on my feet are taxing, along with the occasional difficult patients, which there was no shortage of today. I'm just making this quick pit stop to get myself a juice to tide me over during the inevitable Friday afternoon traffic. I feel myself zone out as I stand in line, just imagining getting to my apartment and relaxing for a while. "Kat… hellooo? Katniss!" I spin around, my eyes wide. "Huh? What?" I instantly know who was trying to get my attention as soon as I turn around. I'd recognize that perfect smile and sparkling green eyes from a mile away. "Oh, hey, Finn. Sorry about that." Dr. Finnick O'dair laughs and grabs himself an orange juice from the same cooler I did, already unscrewing the lid to take a long, somehow sexy pull of the drink. If I was any less of a woman (or perhaps just somewhat used to his admittedly overwhelming attractiveness) I would have swooned. "You headed out?" he asks once he swallows, nodding to the keys in the same hand as my V8. "Yes, finally," I groan. "I have tomorrow off so the day has seemed to drag on longer than usual." Finnick raises his eyebrows and is about to respond when the conversation is interrupted by Mrs. Sae, the sweet old cafeteria lady, who scans our hospital ID badges and bids us a good afternoon. We sit down at a table and Finnick's ever-present grin quirks into a bigger smile. "I was going to say that makes two of us. I'm not on call tomorrow either. Any big plans for tonight?" I roll my eyes at him playfully. "You know I don't go out. I'll probably just go to the gym and watch a movie with Prim or something." He gives me a look and rests his elbows on the table, leaning closer to me. "Come on, Kat, a pretty young thing like yourself should be having the time of her life on a Friday night when she has Saturday off! Come out with me and Jo, just for drinks at least." I hesitate. Finnick is an ER doctor and since radiology is centered in the ER, we've inevitably come in contact with each other a lot throughout our long days. And while at first I had my doubts about him, I've come to learn over the year we've worked together that Finn is actually a very down to earth, easy going person and a wonderful doctor who just happens to have a very flirtatious personality. He's one of the youngest residents in the hospital, only about five years my senior, and all of this has resulted in a very sound friendship. Finnick's big green eyes are pleading with my gray ones, a pout across his full lips. I groan and bury the heels of my hands into my eyes, exclaiming, "You're too damn cute for your own good, O'dair, you know that?" Finn bursts out laughing. "Oh, I know alright. It's just part of my charm." I lift my head and give him a weak smile. Yes, that charm and those good looks are undeniable, but I've never felt any inclination to date him, or to get involved romantically. He's almost too perfect. At the same time he is a very good friend, and I feel bad for turning him down. "I'll think about it, ok? Just let me get home and kick my feet up for a while," I relent. He smiles. "Perfect. I'll text you when I leave, which shouldn't be any later than nine or so. I think Jo said she's off around then, too." Johanna is an ER nurse and our mutual friend. She's absolutely, bat-shit crazy, but there's never a dull moment with her. We stand and I give him a quick hug and a wave, promising to talk to him later. When I reach my car, I throw my bag into the passenger seat as I plop myself in the driver's side, heaving a sigh. It's only about 4:30 PM, but factoring in the traffic as I drive from Frisco to Denton it will be after five by the time I reach the apartment I share with my little sister Prim. I decide to just take the night one step at a time and concentrate on getting home before making any executive decisions about the rest of tonight. It takes a surprisingly short amount of time to get home, and I know Prim is here because I saw her car in the lot as I pulled in. I can practically hear the "Hallelujah" chorus in my ears as I stick the key in the lock and push open the door. The first thing I see is Prim in the living room. She is the kind of girl that almost every male instinctively finds attractive and every female naturally hates. Her wavy blonde hair tumbles halfway down her back, her big blue eyes sparkle, and she has the body that all women try to achieve: full, perky breasts, a tiny waist, perfectly flared hips and a rounded ass, all of which combined make her sufficiently curvy but not overly so. However, she is so genuinely sweet and polite it's hard not to like her when you interact with her, so different from my naturally stoic demeanor. If there's anything we have in common it's our love of animals and our intelligence. I myself received a full ride to Midwestern, and I cried shamelessly during Prim's valedictorian speech. Needless to say, she belongs on the Dallas Cowboys cheerleading squad. She only just made it through training camp and earned her official spot on the squad a week ago, and her excitement is infectious. The door isn't even shut behind me when she starts to inform me about her day at rehearsals. Today, as it is more often than not, she does so from the living room floor as she follows an old Denise Austin Pilates video, which I know will be followed by her daily stretches. I sink into the leather armchair and listen as she babbles on about names I don't know and her coaches' feedback to her and the new dances. As long as my day has been, I don't mind; this has been Prim's dream since she was five years old and makes how I spent most of my high school and college years working as often as I could to keep her in dance completely worth it. "How was school today?" I ask when there is finally a break in her monologue, watching Prim as she bends at the waist and lifts a leg in the air to make her body an almost perfect 180-degree angle. As long as I've been watching her do these things, you would think I would both know what each position was called and be over the awe of seeing her contort her body into these positions. And as much as I want to hear about her day as an NFL cheerleader, I want more to know about how her classes are going at TWU. She knows that school is priority one in my mind. Prim uprights herself and puts her hands on her hips as she faces me, and if I weren't trying to be the concerned older sister, I'd have to grin at how much that look reminds me of when she was little. The almost-grown woman before me in her bright blue sports bra and tiny pair of spandex is most definitely not that little girl anymore, but she always will be in my eyes. "School is fine , Kat. I'm more than a good student, you know." I sigh and stand from the comfy armchair. "I know you are. I just want to make sure you're okay driving all the way to Arlington and then back here every day. And that you're able to keep up with your homework." Prim smiles. "I've got this, Katniss. I'm never anything less than on top of everything." "That you are. Let's just keep it that way, okay?" She nods and reaches for her water on the coffee table. I glance at my watch and do some math in my head, trying to figure out what I might have time for if I decide to meet up with Finn and Jo. "Are you up for the gym? I figured we could stop by Kroger after and get some stuff for dinner." Prim agrees happily and goes on about some Thai dish she's been wanting to try as we head down the hall to our respective rooms to change. If I didn't live with Prim, I'd probably survive off of Special K and Hamburger Helper; I'm absolutely awful at cooking, but my little sister is a culinary whiz. I could shoot down, skin, gut, and cure just about any meat we needed, but preparing it or anything else I might collect was an entirely different story. After my dad died and my mom's resulting depression essentially shut her mind down, those were the roles that we took – I hunted, she cooked. We don't even think twice about it now, probably for more reasons than the fact that it's simply our routine. A trip to the gym and grocery store later, it's not even seven o'clock when we return to the apartment and prepare dinner together, and I cringe a little at knowing I'll have virtually no excuse that won't make me look like an ass to my friends. Pushing that thought aside, I start to unpack the few things we got from the shopping bags. As inept as I am, Prim allows me to do small jobs in the kitchen that are virtually impossible to screw up. Tonight apparently I'm pulling the ends and the strings off of snow peas and throwing the peas in a colander to be rinsed. Prim tends to both the grilling chicken and the sauce mixture, stirring ingredients into a large Pyrex bowl and flipping the meat occasionally, ensuring that it's evenly cooked. I'm lost in my task, and Prim's sweet voice startles me when it cuts through the comfortable silence. "So, Kat…" I look up from my hands only to be met with her big, clear blue eyes, and I can already sense that she's about to ask for something. I heave a dramatic sigh. "What do you want, Prim?" I question warily. Prim didn't often (or ever, really) ask for anything material, so I can only guess this must be about her boyfriend of two years, Rory. She juts her lower lip out just slightly, already begging before she's even spoken, and I'm proven right when she finally does. "Can Rory please, please, please spend the night tonight? I haven't seen him in so long, Katniss, and he's coming home for the weekend! We just need a little while alone, and you know we can't get that at his house." Rory Hawthorne is the younger brother of my best friend Gale, and he and Prim have been dating since they were sixteen despite going to schools about forty-five minutes away from one another. Now they attend schools a good four hours apart, as Rory now hails from Aggie land. I study her standing there in a baggy t-shirt that at one time probably belonged to the boy in question, Nike shorts, and tongs in hand, looking at me with pleading eyes. Rory is the second oldest, followed by his little brother Vick,