Chapter One In the aftermath of Dahak's defeat the whole of Greece celebrated his demise. With the spell the demon had wrought over then gone the people were able to pick their lives back up and rebuild the destruction and debris left by Dahak. The armies of the demon had been defeated, brought back by the love of their kinsmen from the dark spell it had wrought over them. Stories were told and songs were sung of the heroic trials of Hercules, the Son of Zeus who had bested the demon and sent him back to his realm of darkness. Songs were also sung of the brave mortal warrior who had been the worst victim of Dahak's evil. Throughout Greece the story spread of the hero Iolaus, whose body Dahak had usurped and whose soul was saved from eternal darkness. But while the people of Greece celebrated, others mourned their loss. The few that knew the truth of the outcome, close friends and family who had witnessed the ferocious battle for Iolaus' soul and the struggle of the demigod against Dahak. No one could have foreseen what had happened. The situation itself had been bad enough. With Iolaus' body being used, defiled by the foul beast, his soul had remained a wandering spirit, while Dahak had used his body in his attempt to destroy Greece. Then a miracle had occurred. The demon had been beaten and Iolaus had been returned to the world of life. Through the love and open hearts of Iolaus' many friends and family Dahak had been sent back to his own realm and Iolaus' soul had been returned to its rightful place. The gods had given back Iolaus' life, Dahak was gone, the Horsemen defeated and all was well. Then all had gone to Tartarus. No one was sure of what had happened. After just a few short days of their victory it had become clear that Dahak had had the last laugh. Upon Olympus Zeus sat despondent upon his throne. Even Olympus seemed to mourn this horrible turn of events. Zeus rose from his throne and teleported himself from Olympus' great hall to a chamber in the most protected area of the home of the gods. He stood just beyond the perimeter of a barrier that had been erected by himself and just about every major god on Olympus. Even with such a strong barrier, Zeus could feel the power waning. Not even they could fight the dark powers of Dahak for very long. Zeus cursed himself. He should have known better that a being like Dahak couldn't be defeated so easily. True, the demon had been pushed back into his realm but that did not mean that his influence had gone. Dahak was darkness, and darkness existed within the hearts of mortals and even gods themselves. A being like Dahak could not be destroyed utterly as they had assumed and the demon had used their ignorance to his advantage. He had shown them how ignorant they were, how even the gods had known so little of the true fabric of things. They had been blinded, so sure of themselves and their superiority. Now they were paying the price. For a long time, Zeus' gaze lingered on the two figures suspended in the barrier. On identical twin altars they slept, the magic of the gods halting time within the barrier. Nothing affected them, not outside or inside afflictions. But it would not last long. Dahak's power was not something the gods neither understood nor could hope to fight. It had come upon them so quickly that is was pure luck that they had caught this in time to halt it temporarily. But they were running out of time and soon it would be too late. Zeus stared into the barrier, watching his son and his mortal best friend sleep. It was so rare for the gods to have compassion for mortals but this blonde had captured the affections of many gods including Zeus himself. Hercules considered this brave mortal to be his brother though they shared no blood. They were best friends, brothers of the heart. For his part, Zeus had come to see the mortal as his own son. His unconditional love for Hercules was the anchor that kept Hercules sane and solid. He had seen the affect the mortal's death had upon his son, and knew that without the blonde Hercules was nothing more than a shell that breathed and walked upon the earth. Zeus stood there watching the two sleep under the influence of the spell. He didn't even turn as two gods materialized behind him. Ares and Aphrodite came forward to stand on either side of him, their gazes falling on the sleeping pair. Ares spoke first. "The barrier will fall soon. We can't keep it up for much longer." He turned to his father, who said nothing. "This taint is Dahak's doing. No matter how much we wish it, we cannot undo it." Aphrodite turned to glare at her brother. "We can't just give up on them! This was as much our doing as it was Dahak's!" Ares snarled. "Really? Is that so? So, remind me again who it was that was going around telling everyone that this was something we needed to look into? That this was a pretty big threat that we needed to handle? No, no you all decided to wait and see what would happen. 'Oh, let's just ignore it and it will go away.'" Ares' tone was condescending, is anger and contempt made plain. Aphrodite pouted and glared, but didn't say anything. As much as she hated to admit it, Ares was right. Maybe, if they had listened to the war god… "Enough." Zeus finally spoke. His tone was regal, brooking no argument. Yet, Ares and Aphrodite could sense the underlying tones of sadness in his voice. "This is no time for pointing fingers and finding fault. This must be dealt with." As Ares opened his mouth to argue, Zeus turned his head sharply, his eyes burning and his brow set. Ares quickly closed his mouth and turned away to his father's burning gaze. Aphrodite turned to her father. "But daddy, Ares is right. We can't fight Dahak's power." Zeus nodded. "You are right, we cannot. In fact, I estimate that this barrier will not hold past a few days, if that. Once it falls, Dahak's taint will take hold and the madness he has afflicted them with will overtake them." Tears began to form in the love goddess' eyes and she turned back to the two men. This wasn't fair! After Dahak everything should have been peachy! Sweetcheeks was back and everything was right again! Then that evil thing had to go and do this. It just wasn't fair. After all of this, for nothing. She shifted her gaze to Ares. She was resolutely determined that he would not be given the chance to carry out his suggestion. Killing them wasn't an option, not to her. As Ares watched the two sleep, he found that even he was sympathetic to the situation. He genuinely had a fondness for the blonde warrior, despite his sickening trait of being attached to his half-brother's hip. Iolaus was a fine warrior, who proudly fought for ideals that he truly believed in, instead of a mindless mercenary or a pathetic barbarian. Despite all he had thrown at the mortal, he had still bounced back, ready for more. For that, Ares sort of admired the mortal. Ares sighed. He knew that Zeus would never allow the death of his precious son or his mortal friend. "So, what do we do?" For a while, there was silence until Zeus spoke again. "I have been to see the Fates." Ares and Aphrodite turned to their father, their interest peaked. The King of the Gods continued on. "They have told me many things, including that we cannot break this curse." He held up is hand for silence as his children tried to interrupt. "Gather the other gods and meet me in the throne room. I will share this with all of you. We have some things to decide." With that he vanished, leaving Ares and Aphrodite in the chamber alone. They looked at one another, then at the two sleeping men, and then vanished themselves. Moments later, Zeus was back upon his throne, looking every bit as regal as the King of the Gods should. Before him were all the gods of the major pantheon, including a few minor deities that had a fondness for Iolaus. Among the major gods were Ares, Aphrodite, Apollo, Athena, Artemis, Hephaestus, Discord, Hestia, Demeter, Cupid, Psyche, Hecate, Hades, Persephone, and Poseidon. Zeus let his gaze linger on the gods present. Each one of them was here because they all had a legitimate concern for the two involved, except perhaps Discord. Zeus surmised that she was only here to win Ares' good graces. Zeus waited a few moments before starting. "I have gathered you here, because I have been to see the Fates about the situation with my son, Hercules, and the mortal, Iolaus." The gods present nodded, but stayed silent. Aphrodite clutched her husband, who was equally worried. He was fond of his brother and Iolaus, the blonde being the one who had brought Aphrodite and him together. Artemis kept a stern face, but inwardly she too was worried about her brother and her Golden Hunter. She was extremely fond of the blonde mortal, having gotten over the ridiculous incident of the golden apple long ago. Athena had also forgiven the mortal and was as worried as her sisters. Zeus continued on. "The Fates told me many things. Including how to break the curse of madness Dahak was wrought upon them." He held up a hand for silence. The gods who had spoken up, asking questions immediately fell silent. "We cannot break the curse, or for long fight Dahak's power. This unfortunately, we already know." Some of the gods nodded sadly. Persephone held Hades' hand tightly. She was fond of Iolaus, and didn't want to see him in the Underworld after all that had happened. Even Hades was fond of the mortal and had no desire to see him in his realm, nor did he desire the same for his nephew. "The Fates have informed me," Zeus continued. "That the curse can only be broken by Iolaus and Hercules themselves." Once more he held up a hand for silence, using some of his power to quiet the mob before him. Many of the gods were confused. "They have told me that in order to break the curse; they must confront Dahak as whole, sane men. They must do so together, as they are meant to be." Many gods were confused by the Fates' solution. The madness Dahak had cursed them with would not allow for such a thing! There was no cure for it, no medicine or spell that would give them even a moment of sanity once it had taken hold over them. Aphrodite started a bit at the latter bit. She allowed a small smile at that thought. If any of the gods would know, it would be her. She knew her brother and his friend better than they would think. She had never visited the Fates, but she didn't need them to tell her that her brother and her Sweetcheeks were soul mates. It was as obvious to anyone who truly knew them. She knew what Zeus meant, that Herc and Iolaus would have to face Dahak together, as soul mates. Zeus briefly thought back to his visit. When he had visited the Fates, they had shown him the life thread of both his son and that of Iolaus. Though Zeus had suspected, he was still surprised nonetheless. The Fates had shown him the bronze thread of his son, then the golden one belonging to Iolaus. They were weaved so tightly together that it