"Okay! Alright! So. Now. This end goes in here...like...this...and then this goes here-whoops-here, that's the right one, yes." Arthur Weasley grunted, a bit of tongue hanging out the side of his mouth, full concentration with holding two parts of a wooden crib frame together with one hand while he grasped at air for the tools he had gathered. Ronald Weasley, on his knees beside Arthur, watched and knew better than to tell his own dad that he had mixed around two parts having learned from the last correction he had offered. It had been decided that Arthur didn't need help. Of any sort. A wave of the wand would have fixed it right the first time and the past hour needn't have been wasted in building it, but Arthur insisted on building the Muggle crib in a Muggle way. He had received a shiny new tool set for Christmas, and the tools were getting used one way or another. Hermione had stood behind them, admiring the mental effort both of them were putting into building the crib, her hands supporting her back as she arched it to counter the weight of the full belly that had long refused her to see her feet. She rocked, side to side gently, biting her lip as a very slight discomfort tingled in her mid-section. Whispers of labor had made itself known that morning, but she had kept it to herself knowing they weren't happening often enough to cause worry. She had read all about the signs, and had practiced getting the feel of how long it should be before heading to the hospital when she first learned she was pregnant. She breathed slowly, letting her mind get lost in the mess around her feet, meditating instead on the blueprints that Arthur and Ronald had given up on following soon after starting. She had noticed the mistakes, and they cried out to her, but she had kept her mouth shut. Building the crib had kept them busy and as long as they were busy, they weren't freaking out, coddling her over her contractions. She knew Ronald would have been persistent that she'd rest, then run amok of their house during the minutes, hours or days that they were to wait. She imagined he would have taken the liberty to call upon everyone and let them know, and more than likely sit beside her and stare at her, as if she was some caged animal, watching for any sign of pain or any symbol to take action. It was something she rather wouldn't happen. "Bloody piece of-" Arthur had realized his mistake. The tools were placed gently, a little too gently on the ground beside him, and he leaned back, his hands now pulling at his hair as he fought to gain composure. The crib had almost been halfway built, and it had taken an hour to get this far. Luckily they had a full day of time ahead of them. "Anyone hungry?" Hermione asked if only to break the tension slowly building in the room. They didn't hear her, too busy looking over the parts and deciding what they could take apart from what they couldn't to salvage what they could. Hermione waddled out of the room, chuckling softly, and headed for the kitchen. She may have been in the beginning stages of labor, but she was still hungry. Peanut butter, she had craved it daily for the past nine months, and even then was looking forward to sitting down at the table with a spoon and the jar. Maybe some sardines, wait, no, chips sounded better. She'd check back on the guys after she'd have her fill. When Arthur had arrived, he had come straight from the Ministry, along with him had been brought some work that he had so carefully smuggled out with him. He had mentioned something about a defunct clock he had removed from the house of a Muggle, mumbling something along the lines of when it chimed anyone near it would quack like a duck for ten minutes. Arthur assured her he had disabled it as soon as she had begun to worry about it being in her home. It was a beautiful clock, a mantle clock, Arthur had called it, with a rich, mahogany wood body carved intricately at the base with Celtic knots, golden colored time hands, and a mother-of-pearl face plate that was almost hypnotic the more she stared at it, hidden behind a glass door. It neither ticked not tocked and certain it was disabled as she spent five minutes staring at it without the hands moving at all, had gathered the courage to admire it closer. Taking one more spoonful of peanut butter, she shoved the spoon into her mouth and stood a breath's distance from it, tracing a gentle finger upon its curves. She regretted it immediately, noticing she had smeared a bit of peanut butter close to the face plate that must have clung to her finger with the last dip, and used a clean finger to wipe all she could off. She'd get a towel for the rest, but before she could turn to obtain said towel, she grew dizzy. The room began to spin. She closed her eyes, vertigo still threatening her senses and only grew stronger. Deep, methodical breathing had seemed to help, and she continued to do so long after the spinning world had slowed. Maybe it was time to head to the hospital? Opening her eyes, the room around her appeared dark and hazy, she couldn't see where she was going and used her hands to feel in front of her. Within a few steps, she had bumped into something and tried searching her brain for the source. In the direction she was going, there was nothing that would have been in her way. She could see it clearly in memory, her living room, and the clear path to the hallway that would lead to the stairs, which she would call up to gain Ronald's attention. Yet, she grabbed the thing in front of her down near her knees, and couldn't place it. Her hands traced along it, recognizing a cushion of velvet as she followed it along to sturdy arms. A couch? And though it wasn't a familiar couch, sat down in it. She pulled her wand from her pocket, holding it in front of her and spoke. "Lumos." Light bounced off the walls, the room came into view and she gasped so hard she began to choke. She recognized the room she was in alright, though it had been a few years since she had last seen it, there was no mistaking the rich golds and reds of the Gryffindor Common Room. "Ron!" She screamed, or tried to. It came out as a puff of air. She cleared her throat. "Ron!" She cried again. This time was louder, but she knew he wouldn't have heard her. People at the other end of the room had there been any wouldn't have heard her. She screamed again. "Ronald!" Using all the bravery and courage she could, her voice finally rang out, her throat even slightly bruised. It wasn't long before she heard feet rushing down stairs, and pattering over to her. She lifted her wand, spreading light onto the face of the person who joined her. "Oy, you alright?" A black-haired girl with a upturned nose and high cheek bones stared at her. Hermione did not recognize her at all. "Who-who are you?" She asked. The girl lifted her eyebrows and seemed put-off at her question. "I should ask you the same. I'm Head Girl, Penny Westgate." Penny Westgate? The name was not familiar, just as the common room had not looked at all as she remembered it. Though the shapes and lines were all very much the same common room she had spent seven years in, the furniture, the paintings on the walls and even the smell of the room had been different. Penny cleared her throat. "It's customary to introduce yourself after one has given their name." Penny said. She had a very slender nose, one that gracefully pointed anywhere she looked and had been staring down it, eyebrows raised high over her wide eyes. "Granger." Hermione said. "Hermione Granger." Raising her wand higher, the light from the tip spread out further. Though the couch she had been sitting on had been new to her, it was obviously very old and very used. The cushions were lumpy, the pillows looked dusty and judging by the lopsided feeling, had literally been on its last legs. "Hermione Granger?" Penny asked. Her delicate nose wrinkled, creasing the skin between her eyes and she gave her head a shake. "No, I don't recognize your name. I pride myself on knowing every single Gryffindor student and I have not-" "I graduated years ago, I'm not surprised." Hermione said softly. Penny snorted. "Right." Hermione narrowed her eyes. She searched as far as the light would let her see around her, and only grew more curious the further she strained to look. Standing, she had suddenly lost attention in her surroundings and found herself growing wary. Rising to her feet for the past nine months had grown increasingly difficult; the added weight of a healthy baby growing inside of her had made getting to her feet a workout in itself, but this time she had almost floated to her feet without any resistance. Her hands, as if pulled by magnets, flew to her stomach where a comforting bump should have been and instead, found it flat, just as taught as it had been before her pregnancy. "No." She pressed against her stomach, her hands going so far as to measure the considerable size difference of her breasts before she allowed herself to begin shaking. "My baby, no...no..." "Your baby?" Penny asked, eyebrows arching into her hairline again. "My baby, my...I...no. No. Oh no." Hermione felt lightheaded and it was probably due to her mind reeling through every possibility that could have happened, the only thing was it was drawing a blank. There were no thoughts, any that she had knowledge of to call upon that would describe her situation. She had scoured her brain so intently, realizing she had been pulled from the common room and was now being guided through the corridors of Hogwarts had left her feeling twice as confused as she had been before. By the time Penny had guided her into the infirmary, she had noticed her throat had been raw; she had been screaming, so much so, her voice had gone straight to cracking and when it didn't make any more sound had feared she had ruined it altogether. Penny had only silenced her with a charm, as Hermione had learned when the Head Girl had begun explaining everything to the medi-witch that had exited the offices. If she didn't know any better, it sounded more like gossip than concern, and Hermione glared, crossing her arms sleepy over her chest as she watched. The medi-witch had first looked her way, scrutinizing Hermione from a distance before rushing forward. The nurse had also not been familiar to Hermione, that is, until she grew close. Madame Pomfrey had been a kind and friendly face she grew accustomed to seeing through the years she had spent there, and the witch looking at her just then had Pomfrey's face, from her blue eyes to the style in which she pulled back her hair and tucked it neatly under her nurses cap, but there was something majorly different in it. Her skin had been younger, firmer, less wrinkled. Her hair had color, a soft brown that had only begun to develop adorning strands of grey. It was as if Pomfrey had hidden a younger sibling somewhere, maybe an unmentioned daughter? But the closer she got and the more Hermione looked, she could tell this was the same Pomfrey that had tended to