Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga or the Characters within it. BTWs the AN that will follow this one will clear up some logistical issues for past readers of mine. It will also be the same one for my other story Love is as Love does. TLDR: Please read Love is as love does, it's the sister story to this one. AN: Hello, hello, hello everyone. I know, it's been a while since I have posted to this site but I haven't forgotten about my stories. Life has literally been the most hectic thing in the world since I graduated undergrad and for a while nothing I wrote was good enough for me. To be honest, I lost my muse and I didn't want to write for a very long time. I haven't. For whatever reason over the last few months I have found it again, and I am truly grateful so I decided that I would post not just one new chapter for an old fic, but I'd start a new one. I'm not completely happy as to how these two chapters turned out but I didn't want to hold it off any longer. As I continue, hopefully I will get back in the swing of things. Practice makes perfect. Please note that This Too Shall Pass (T.T.S.P. because sooner or later I will become tired of typing that out completely) is a companion piece to Love is as Love does. If you have not read that fic please take the time to read it because it does explain a lot about what it going on in this first chapter. The stories will continue on separately from each other, and sometimes may interweave (at least in the begin). While this is a companion piece, it is also a story that can and will stand on its own. Lastly, let's get the technical stuff out of the way before we continue forward shall we? As of right not between the three fics (maybe more) I will have a posting schedule of either Tuesday or Thursday. That gives me enough time to write and edit. In regards to editing, I am looking for a beta so if you are one or know one please message me. I cannot pick up the mantle of beta for anyone right now but as time progresses maybe I'll be able to find the time. I am going to be continuing Amortentia, as well as Love is as Love does (if you couldn't figure it out), but I will not commit to any other fics right now. My goal is to finish off the ones I have started (and posted) before starting a new one. That's it for now. If you've read this far thank you for sticking with me. I am so sorry that I have taken so long away from these stories but I will try to become a little more regular with these things. So without further adieu… Chapter 1: Cold Water Krys's P.O.V. Burning. There was only the smell of burning flesh and muffled cried. Darkened skies, lined with decaying hung hollow faces, marred my vision as my bare feet traversed over the smooth wet stones. I stumbled through the night as thorned bushes scrapped against my arms, face and legs in their attempt to keep my prisoner. And keep me prisoner they did. Every night was the same. I would run as fast as my legs could carry me through this endless, forested maze. Chasing the white wolf with blue eyes had become my refuge, it being my only guide through this hell. I ran, I ran as fast as my legs would carry me and my burning chest would allow. The wolf's white fur glowed pink in the light of the blood moon as it ran. Never slowing. Always just outside of my reach. Once my savior, this blessing that once stood to signify power and purity, a sign of prosperity onto my tribe, now only served to remind me of all that I truly was. "Weak!" His words bellowed through the stale air as the bitter cold snipped at the bareness of my flesh. "You are weak now, but soon you'll be the strongest of them all." The baritone in his stoic voice pushed my heart into a panicked frenzy. My cold skin glistened with the sweat my fear had forced to the surface. There was a pitiful bruised yelp that ricocheted through the soundless forest, and the once grotesquely green branches stood barren and decaying white. The wolf was nowhere in sight. "Papa!" I screamed a blood curdling pitch that rang through the empty space ahead of me. "Help me." My pleading was frantic as I tried to orient my eyes to the startling darkness, my only light had been the glow of the white wolf…and now it's warmth was gone. It's grotesque chuckle rang in the air, bombarding me from all sides, taunting me as I struggled to make heads or tales of my surroundings. The padding of hooves echoed through the barren dilapidated forest, and for the first time since this had begun my feet were rooted into the ground. Fear had paralyzed me. In all of my frantic running, my senses had become frayed and I did not notice that the blood moon had moved closer. It's once dull light now pierced my vision red. I drew my hands to my face to rub my eyes, and stopped short. Seeping through my fingers was a thick ruby red fluid that pulsed with the beat of my own treacherous heat. A scream lodged itself into my throat as I choked on the air around it. The hooves echoed louder around me. My head hung with the shamed of my own defeat. She had won. She always won. A soft feminine hand grazed against my darkened cheek, smearing blood as it moved across my skin with electric pulses. It firmly planted itself under my chin and yanked with unnecessary force until I stared defiantly back into it's eyes. Once blue, vibrant and warm, these sadistic glowing red orbs swam with triumph as a smirk spread across her powered mauve lips. "Destruction." I felt trapped beneath the weight of the one word that she had uttered. "Destruction is the legacy that we will leave behind." Her smirk widened, an insult to my defiant glare. "It is your legacy." My pleading was pitiful and my eyes swam with glowing liquid gems. "No," she paused walking to stand near her white steed. This white horse only served to insult me even more. It was an empty shadow of the white wolf that came before it. A pitiful neigh escaped through the caged mouth of this monster. It's eyes glowed red like the blood moon and the rider that mounted it. "it is our legacy Krystal. You and I are the same." Her maniacal laughter pierced through my chest, and as always, all I could do was feel the impending sense of hopelessness start to take root. "No it doesn't have to be this way." I tried to force myself to stand once again, but I was frozen. SHE ALWAYS WON! There was no sense in fighting her now. Her long curly black hair stood vibrant while laced with red. Her chocolate brown skin glowed a golden hue. She was greatness personified, and I…I was weak. Did I actually stand a chance at besting her. "You don't even believe that Krys." As she turned her steed away from me, taunting, it dawned on me that she didn't perceive me as a threat. She and I knew the outcome of this war that I chose to wage. The crest of our clan, the mark of the black dragon, billowed on her white cape through the stale dark night. "You pretend that you don't want this but here we are. Look at the destruction that you caused on your own." There was a moment of confusion before I registered what was really going on. I was no prisoner here. This forest of desolation was of my creation. There was no other, just me. Momentarily I was stunned. I dismounted the white steed and cautiously made my way over to the river bed, the only thing in this god forsaken place that wasn't drenched in death and misery. Shock took hold of my limbs as stared at the glowing red orbs of my reflection. Just as the case with the cape clipped to my neck, my gold breast plate bore the black dragon. "This is our legacy, Krys. Handed down to us by father." The other held her hand out to me, and I shrank away. "Mother tells you that there is another way but she is weak. They are all weak." "No!" I screamed as I stumbled back into the icy cold riverbed. Her face contorted with rage, and for the first time ever, I saw her for the monster that she was. "Always no. Krystal, you and I are the same. This," she spread her arms wide and chuckled "is our legacy. Stop trying to run from it. You're only hurting yourself." Her tone was smug. I had fought this for as long as I has the strength to. She was right. I inched to stand next to her, ready to concede to the monster that father knew I was, when a russet wolf barreled into the space between she and I. She snarled at it but for a brief moment she shrank away from me. Uncertainty marred her features as the russet wolf's masculinity surged into the air. "No! There is another way." I was sure I hadn't imagined it. The wolf was not the one who spoke to us. "What, Pocahontas? Surprised to see me?" A bright warm smile spread across his golden olive skin as his tall frame inched slowly around the russet wolf. "Why are you here?" I tried cautiously. My voice broke. "Come on Alpha. You've got more than that." He continued to smile. As he moved closer to me, the warm light that surrounded him and the wolf distorted everything. In place of the grotesque and white, lush bushes and tress began to sprout. "Why are you here?" I tried again, suffocating under the weight of my armor. "I don't think I can hear you princess." He moved closer to me, his bare chest consumed most of my vision. Angles and planes was all I could make out as I glared. He flexed his defined chest and chuckled. "What the hell are you doing here Jacob?" I roared as agitation rooted itself under my skin. He laughed a hearty laugh as he gently swept my disheveled hair from my rounded cheeks. "Better!" I smacked his hand from my face as his grin widened. The sense of relief consumed my very being as I sulked in front of him. "Answer me!" "Do you ever smile? You know, blush like a girl?" The idiot hadn't stopped smiling. "Answer me Black!" I cut sharply. "Sure, sure. Just wake up." Russet fur bristled as a snarl consumed the wolf's muzzle. "I can't keep her away forever. That doesn't mean that I won't try." "What? I need an answer Black." I reached out my hand and was met with nothingness. "Wake up." He said, but the voice that spilt from his lips was not of him. "How come you're here?" I asked, frantic. "Jacob, what's going on?" Power rippled through his warmth, and I felt a chill deep in my bones. "You have to go. Wake up and you'll find your answers." "Krys, wake up." The other voice, more feminine, rang out frantically through the air. "Jacob!" I saw the white steed descend onto him, but, as I reached out to him, my eyes opened. "Oh my God." Devo sighed with relief, her shoulders slouched as she gently laid me back onto my soft plush green blankets. Tears stained