Hi everyone! thanks for reading! This chapter is going to move pretty quickly so that you can get into the meat of the story more quickly. I promise my future chapters will be a bit more beefy (to continue the meat analogy) and will better depict the OC as a person. This chapter of course is very Confusing for the OC so her character will naturally behave in a confusing manner. Please take a moment and review! Thanks so much! -ZombiexBunniez Legolas A crisp spring breeze floated through the trees of the Mirkwood forest bringing the sweet smells of wildflowers and damp moss. The last frost of winter had loosened its hold only days before but the forest was already bursting with new life. Despite the beauty all around him Legolas Greenleaf could not find it in himself to enjoy the day. He sat, reclined in one of the highest limbs of an oak tree, a broken bow lying limply across his legs. The beautifully carved shaft of the weapon was cracked in the center, making the bow look very much like a tree fallen victim to lightning strike. The eloth's pale hands stroked the bow tenderly, and his blue eyes showed the sorrow he felt at the loss of his inanimate companion. It had been eighty short years since it had been gifted to him by the elves of Lothlorien, and it had served him more than well. It deserved to be mourned. A pang of regret bit at the eloth's senses. I should not have been so rough with this bow. He chided himself cruelly. Not a soul in middle earth could accuse Legolas of being a poor archer, but the reality did not matter. He would not accept that it was age that felled his bow. Eighty years to an elf is like a blink of an eye, but ever since Legolas had returned home from his journey with the fellowship, his days had stretched cruelly. He missed, with an awful pain, the excitement of living beneath the stars and constantly having a task to be done. He missed the adrenaline that accompanied every battle, and unlike any other elf, he missed war. With a deep sigh the elf looked up through the leaves of the tree that cradled him. All of my friends have gone away. He thought. They have all moved on. With another bewildered sigh Legolas gently wound the bowstring around the two pieces of shaft and placed it inside of the satchel that was slung over his shoulders. I am alone. The great warrior elf slid from the branch where he had sat and made his way to the forest floor. He did not swing through the branches as he might have once, or race the wind through the leaves, instead he moved more like a chameleon, wanting very much to disappear forever into his surroundings. The past eighty years had made him weary, and prone to disappearances. The quiet did little to improve his mood, but noise did not improve it either. Music no longer soothed him, food no longer filled him and wine no longer warmed his weary soul. He had become not unlike a ghost. For a time he allowed his feet to take him where they may as his mind relived the old glories of his former life. He mourned the dead and envied his own memory as he wandered the Mirkwood. He wanted to get lost among the trees of his home as many a traveler had done before him, but the dear trees he had been raised under would not allow such a thing. Eventually he found himself before the gate of his father's kingdom. He frowned as the doors opened for him. He stood for a long time staring at the gaping abyss of darkness before him. His stomach twisted spitefully as he considered turning away from the gates and trying once again to lose himself but the concerned call of one of his men woke him from his contemplation. "Are you well, my Lord?" The guard asked. Legolas looked at him for a long moment, making the guard shuffle uncomfortably before he decided to nod. With a cold empty look he passed the Eloth and entered his home. He could not even muster kindness for his brothers in arms. The captain of the guard stopped the young prince and bowed to him. Legolas did not speak to him. "His highness has requested your presence in his chamber." The guard announced. Legolas stood very still and examined the man with a disinterested absence in his eyes. "Does he?" The elf asked to the air. He rubbed his square jaw for a moment and then nodded to the guard. Legolas had been spending a great many days avoiding his father, but he was far too weary to evade his father's shortening patience any longer. With long strides that no longer held their former purpose Legolas moved through his home, towards his father's chambers. He wishes to see me in his chambers. Legolas thought warily. This audience will not bear glad tidings. Legolas knew that it must be a matter of grave importance if his father did not wish to discuss it from his throne. Thuranduil was overly fond of his throne room and the power with which it instilled him. Few were ever spared from scrutiny at the foot of his throne. Only his son bore the careful consideration of which battles to burgeon in company, because Thuranduil knew full well that only his son was brazen enough to contest him. Upon reaching his father's bedchambers Legolas beat impatiently upon the door. He had little patience for his father's games. Without permission to enter Legolas pushed open the large overly adorned door and entered the lavishly decorated room beyond. Fine silks and velvet were strewn about everywhere, articles of richly embroidered clothing hung from the drawers of his wardrobe and the king's crown hung carelessly from the arm of the king's favorite chair. A haphazard pile of royal decrees sat on the desk directly before the king's chair and a black stain marred the elvish rug beneath it where his father had spilled a bottle of ink ages ago. Legolas frowned at the mess and chose a position near to the door but far from his father's inherent discord. Legolas had been raised to keep an obsessive tidiness. A warrior must be systematic, organized, nothing about him could be hectic. The king in question appeared through a doorway that opened out from the far wall. Even when he was hidden from his public the king preferred to be dressed lavishly. He had lost all resemblance to a warrior. "I see that you have decided to finally mature and stop ignoring your duties?" The king's cool, voice prompted as he took a seat in the chair where his crown was hung. Legolas watched his father with a cautious frown but did not respond. The king, completely unabashed by his son's silence continued. "You know that I am loath to mince words, so I shall not tarry, you have reached the age where a prince must find a suitable wife." The king stated it smoothly without hesitation; he did not even glance at his son. If he had, he would have seen a foul mood brewing in his cold blue eyes. "I have taken many suitable young ladies into consideration and have chosen one that will suit the station as your wife." The king stated as he began to shuffle through the papers on his desk. "I sent for her some weeks ago, she shall arrive tomorrow evening…- I expect you to be present and respectable." The king finished harshly. Legolas stood stark still, one would have to strain even to see his breast rise with a breath. His pale face had morphed into one of cool, controlled rage. The sort of face only a man who had known a close relationship with death could produce. "You did not think to include me in this venture?" The prince questioned sharply. His rage dripped into his words like venom. Many suitable maidens? Does he think I am daft? "You were obviously unfit to participate." The king quipped in response. That only served to anger Legolas further. He felt himself clench his fists tightly and his blood began to pump faster. Unfit! By the Valar! "So you have saddled some poor maiden with a useless husband?" Legolas spat. He could not believe what his pointed ears were hearing. "You are far from useless, and she should be more than honored to bear your spawn." The king's flippant response made his son's blue eyes open wide in astonishment. "Besides, noble marriage is a transaction, not the rubbish one reads in fairy tales, you are more than old enough to know that." "And who, pray tell, is expected to marry me?" Legolas asked, raising his voice. He knew there was no choice in it and that his father had made it so. To turn away the girl could mean war, let alone Legolas was not one for dealing with women. Of course he had bedded them before but to blatantly turn one away when she had traveled countless mile no doubt would be cruelty. He was cornered and he didn't like it. "The daughter of Loth Lorien, Celablassel Edledrihl." The king answered unmoved by his son's rage. Celblassel Edledrihl The daughter of lady Galadriel sat tall on her horse, the picture of nobility with her dark reddish-gold hair braided back and her pale white cloak floating about her like a cloud. Though her lovely round face and pale blue eyes were the picture of serenity, she was panicking on the inside. She rode on an unfamiliar horse behind an unfamiliar guard who had met her caravan at the edge of Mirkwood to guide them to its center. She had traveled in a small group. Three Lothlorien guards including Haldir, the march warden, her ladies made and a wagon driven by a common elf that contained her belongings and dowry was all that traveled with her. Her parents had tried to convince her to take an entire parade of elves with her but she would not hear of it. She may not have a say in her impending union but she refused to be paraded about like a prize trophy to an elf whom she had never met. And the closeness of the Mirkwood forest made her doubly glad of her decision. I would be hard pressed to assume that elves dwelled here. She thought skeptically. This is nothing like the woodlands of my home. The princess gave the slightest of frowns. With a shiver Celeblassel drew her cloak closer about her and pushed her steed into a slightly faster walk. She was not fond of the closeness of the trees. The forest felt too cramped and musty. Compared to the beautiful woods she had called home with elegant, reaching, malorn trees and beautiful wildflowers it seemed snarled and malignant. Celeblassel's handmaiden must have noticed the princess's change in pace because she was quick the Celeblassel's side. "Are you well my lady?" She asked politely. Amberwen had been appointed to the princess's employ at the start of their journey due to her heritage as a Mirkwood elf. "Yes, I am fine, Amberwen, thank you. It is only the trees. They are very…" Celeblassel drifted off into thought as her blue eyes drifted to the leaves above them. Amberwen had learned that the princess was prone to moments of such deep contemplation that she would sometimes pause in her speech only to carry it on some time later. "Different, my lady?" Amberwen prompted, hoping to help the princess continue and not become lost thought so close to their destination. The princess blinked her large pretty eyes and looked at Amberwen as if woken from a dream. "Yes, exactly so… I was just thinking that they