Chap 1 Hello everyone! This is a Rewrite of my first ever story here on Fan fiction. I realize that my story was moving too fast and wasn't always the best. I decided I will be adding more details and changing the story a bit. Plus we didn't have enough James in the story! I also had horrible spelling and grammar issues… Anyway I really hope you can take the time to review and let me know what you think. I love hearing your comments they make me inspired to write more and update sooner. I hope you will come to favorite this story and fall in love with twilight all over again. I will try to regulate my writing please understand if I am unable to. The underlined stuff is flashbacks. I don't own anything but my boyfriend's heart. Bpov. "You better take care Bella." Phil (my mom's husband) says against my hair as he gives me a final hug. I hug back the smell of dirt and sunlight bring tears to my eyes. Phil is like a second dad to me… I remember after I quit piano lessons my mom and I had a huge fight and he took me to the batting cages to get away for a while. I thought it was stupid, I'm clumsy after all. He hit the ball a few times while I sighed and rolled my eyes I would become more dramatic with my persistent sighs to show him I hated it. He would laugh every time I did, then he handed me the bat. I missed every time then on my last try, before the place closed for the night, he put the bat the right way and told me how to stand. When I hit the ball I couldn't stop myself from screaming in happiness. He lets me go stepping away his eyes watering he gestures to my mom "Y-your turn R-renée." His voice cracks and he steps away turning his back towards us while rubbing his watery eyes. Yes Phil is much younger than my mom and yes he is often mistaken as my older brother. But the way he looks at my mom tells me he's infatuated with her, he would never hurt her, and he would spend his life protecting my mom from her own foolish ideas. I could trust him to take care of her. My mom's eyes were puffy and red, her lower lip quivered as more tears threatened to spill. I hold out my arms to hug her. She gives me a tight hug and cries on my shoulder. I rub her back and hold back my own tears. She takes a few breaths before taking a step back and holding my hands. "You kn-know you can al-always stay with us." She searches my face for any uncertainty. "You d-don't have to go to f-forks. Charlie w-would understand." "Mom I want to go. Plus Cha- dad is alone and we all know he can't cook to save his life." I give a half hearted smile. She smiles and laughs before hugging me one more time. I hug her back before the final boarding call for my flight is announced. She kisses my cheek before I head to the woman taking tickets. "Text me as soon as you get there!" My mom yells I turn back to see my mom and Phil waving at me. I wave back smiling I turn forward. This is going to be a long flight… Last time I went to Charlie's two bedroom one bathroom home I was 12 years old and had spent summers there. I had put a stop to the boredom and depression. So for the past 4 years Charlie has visited me in Arizona for about a week or so. The only reason I'm willing to go now is because Renée deserves to be happy she wants to travel with Phil and I was in the way. It's better that she's happy instead of being hurt or possibly killed while stuck at home with me. I wanted to protect her from my secret so I decided to go live with Charlie, my dad, he's the Chief of police. Since he's the Chief he works more hours and gets called in more than other officers mainly because he has to oversee any traumatic incidents. So I don't have to worry about him getting hurt. The rest of the plane ride I cross my fingers wishing that Charlie didn't bring the police cruiser. When I get off the plane I see my dad in grey t-shirt arm crossed over his chest and a smile plastered on his face. I walk to him and he greets me with an awkward hug. Charlie isn't the emotional type then again most men aren't. We get my bags before heading out sadly Chief Swan brought the damn cruiser! After an awkward and silent 10 minute drive Charlie clears his throat. "So Bells how have things been?" Charlie asks. I look away from the door window I look forward and shrug "Things have been… good Char- dad." I'm not supposed to call him Charlie when I talk to him. "Anything new?" He asks continuing with his chitchat I decide to bypass my dilemma and just stick to what is simplest. "I've been saving up to get me a car. So I'll go looking for a job once I get settled in." the thought of being dropped off by Charlie's cruiser everyday brought heat to my cheeks. "You don't have to save up Bells. I already got you a car." He looks as if he would pat himself on the back. "Well actually it's a truck." I look at him shocked "Really? Thanks." I smiled at him kindly. He almost smiles "Well now you're welcome." The rest of the ride was filled with an awkward yet comfortable silence. Once I got to the house I saw a red truck in the driveway. He points at the truck, his hands never leaving the steering wheel. "There it is." There was an old orange truck in the driveway a large smile spread across my face. "Thank you. I- I love it!" I couldn't help but let shock and excitement fill my voice. When we were parked he explained how to start the truck and apologized for the few dents and scratches that were on the truck. I didn't care though it was perfect to me. I hugged Charlie he hugged me back blushing he started to get my bags, we were able to get them to my room in one trip. It hasn't changed much since the last time I stayed here. "I got you a new bed the lady at the store said purple was the best option for a teenager. There is also a bookcase for your books and a desk for school." I set a bag on my bed. Charlie stands in the doorway he rubs the back of his neck and mumbles "I'm just going to watch the game while you get set up." I looked back and smiled at him before he left. I sigh looking out the window it's starting to rain… I guess I'm going to have to just get use to it. Charlie lives in a house kind of apart from the other homes kind of submerged into the forest. I completely unpack and looking through my books I set wuthering heights down at the bedside table to read before bed I also put my CD player with a CD that Phil had bought me for my birthday, I haven't had a chance to listen to it yet. I go downstairs and watch TV with Charlie while I text my mom to tell her I'm alive and safe. Charlie drinks a beer as we eat a pizza he had ordered while I was unpacking. ~ An Hour Later ~ Charlie turned in for the night while I showered and changed. I dry my hair with a towel while I sit on my bed I look out the window to see it's sprinkling lightly at least it's clearer than before. I open my window I move my rocking chair to the window so I can look out, I sit and look out at the cold little drops of water make the world around me shimmer. Small puddles form on the dark dirt then disappear making a sweet musk fill the air. The dark clouds cover the sky making the bright little stars disappear. The world is dark and uncomforting unlike Arizona where the night is still filled with light, the air hot dusty and the noise of the city never dies in the 24 hours of a day. Here the silence is deafening a nightmare covered in evergreens. Nightmares, something I've become accustomed to in the light of day and dead of night. My nightmare wasn't the scary monster hiding under my bed or in my closet, he instead follows me… Well so far just the past three and a half months. I remember the day that my nightmares became my reality… ~ Flashback ~ I tossed back and forth the rush of colors in my dream seemed to try to suffocate me, to drag me down the waters where I cannot tell which way is up and down. The pressure on my chest was like never ending punch in the stomach. I woke up hand on my neck gasping for air I break out in a cold sweat as I kick the blankets away from me. I look around the room trying to find my surroundings. I realize I'm in my room my heart beats fast in my chest. I pull my legs closer to me and I look around slowly noting that I was no longer sucked into the deep watery hell. I see an unfamiliar shadow in the corner of my room. I blink trying to focus on whatever it is. The shadow slowly moves I follow it until it slowly creeps to the foot of my bed. The clouds covering the moon move making my dark room light up. I can see the shadow transform and I know it is a man. His ivory skin glows and his dirty blond hair is pulled back into a ponytail. His jaw tightens as a dangerous smirk slithers onto his face. His eyes red breaking through the darkness of the night. My heart beats faster and I sit up trying to get as far away from him as possible. I turn my face and turn on the lamp on my nightstand. I blink from the bright light and when I look around I see the man with glowing skin is gone but now my window is wide open. ~ End Flashback ~ After that I saw him everywhere I went. He wasn't that close again for two and a half months. He would watch me from afar and the distance brought a strange comfort to me. Yet since then I wasn't been able to sleep and when I did sleep, it was filled nightmares. What happened only a month ago made my world change… ~ Flashback ~ My mom had just left to get some groceries plus paying some bills and Phil is on tour for his job. I triple check the locks I really don't want that glowing man to have any way of coming into this house. I go back to my room my bed scattered with books I put my headphones on and listen mainly to Claire de lune and Mattia Cupelli. I am working on a tricky calculus problem Everybody's fool by Evanescence plays I nod in time with the best of the song. A cool rush of air sends shivers through my body. The cold seems to settle on my shoulders I feel the impact of my back hitting something hard the air is knocked out of me. I drop to the ground