Regel and Betel Johnson lived in 3, South Sherman Street, New York City. They lived in a 2-bedroom apartment, just the two of them. Ever since they were 15 months old, they had been orphans, bounced around the system for years until they settled in St. Mary's Orphanage in Long Island New York, when they were nine years old. This wasn't enough for the twins. They didn't get along with the children very much. Regel was a too smart, had a genius I.Q. and was always messing around with the electronic appliances and building things that exploded. Betel on the other hand was just plain weird. She was the creepy little girl who brought a dead cat and cut its stomach open right in front of the other little children in the orphanage. Betel had an interest for the morbid things in life she was also quite the cheeky little brat with green eyes that seem to know your secrets as well as a smirk that told you that she was superior to everyone else. Regel sided with her sister. And even though none of the other kids really liked them, Regel's smarts were intimidating and Betel was really, really scary, the twins survived. They were fine with each other's company. That was enough for them. They always knew they were different. Strange things happened when they were around. Books floated, tables shook, Betel's hair would grow back in less than an hour after getting a haircut and T.V. would always malfunction whenever Regel was around. The kids and Mrs. Ophelia, were starting to think that they were possessed that she called a priest on them. Needless to say, the two were not amused with being sprayed holy water on their faces. Life went on for them and they were fine. Then a letter came on their eleventh birthday. Regel and Betel were wizards and they had just been invited to Ilvermorny. An epidemic had hit the wizarding world of the United States of America. A magical virus that caused severe fever, convulsions, boils, difficulty of breathing and magical blood loss was out. They called it Pater fever because for the fever to pass, the blood of the father is needed to be mixed with the potion medicine. This was a problem, because Regel had caught the fever and he was an orphan. He had been bedridden for a week and his symptons were getting worse. Betel sat beside him in the hospital bed with a concern expression. She held his hand tightly. "Found…. Anything… yet?" Regel said, he had trouble speaking—trouble breathing and then a chorus of coughs came next after the question, "I'm…alright," it pained him to speak and it pained Betel even more that his brother wasn't getting any better. Regel's face sweated, he was paler than usual and his lips were nearly blue. Most of the patients in the ward had been discharged, cured from the Paters fever. A man who got his internal organs reversed, a teenager about Regel's age whom had the Dragonpox remained. "Don't speak," said Betel, "I think I found a lead. Our mom's brother, Sean, you known the alcoholic no-maj who wanted nothing to do with us, well it turns out, all mom's stuff was left to him after her death and after a little bit off blackmail, found some letters, all addressed to Severus Snape", "Her previous partner, Joe..Jack..I don't know, I didn't really care what his name was, had told me that she was in England on the attending a seminar on and stayed there till August 2000. It fits the date of our conception. By the way, we were born on May 7, guess we just turned 16, little bro," She told him. He attempted to laugh but instead coughed hard again until blood splattered onto his palm. In a raspy voice, he assured Betel, "I'm alright. I can still live for a 3 days. You're allowed to show a little bit of concern for your bro-bro though. I know you want to cry," Regel said, giving betel a reassuring smile. She frowned and smack him lightly on the shoulder, "Don't be sap. I'll find our dad. Wherever he is, I'm going to be gone for a few days. Don't worry, I've already told Annie this and she's going to visit you. Plus she needs help with her Calculus homework which I'm sure you can handle given that you can move your hands," "I'll manage…"Regel replied, his voice still wheezing, "Some calculations would lift my spirits," Betel raise a suspicious brow at him, "Sure it's the calculations?" she said teasingly. "Shut….up—You like Annie, just..asmuch..as…I do," Regel said then he groaned, clutching the white bedsheets as if they were his haven, "I…cant…let her..see..me..like this," Betel smirked, "I'm sure you'd seduce her with your red eyes, drool and coughing fits…And Oh, there she is," A pretty blonde wearing a grey sweater and a wash-out jeans came inside the hospital ward's doors. Her face flushed, she was running and on her hands she was carrying a basket of blueberries, Regel's favorite. the sides of her blue eyes crinkled when she saw the twins. Alice Silvers was Regel and Betel's best friend and she was a no-maj. She approached Betel and gave her a short hug and chuckled at Regel who had covered his face with the bedsheet. "Quit it, Reg. You're sister made me look at mangled faces from serial killer victims, I think I could handle your face right now," Regel groaned, "You'll laugh," "Of course she will, She's our best friend," Betel said. She eyed the blueberry basket and attempted to pick one, "Oh yummy," Annie swatted her hand away, "These are for Regel. Hands off," she chided. Betel stuck out her tongue at the blonde like a child, "No fair." By this time, Regel had revealed himself from under the covers showing off his swollen face riddled with red boils that just seem to ooze out pus. Annie's expression was a mix of concern and amusement, "Damn, he's starting to look like Deadpool," "Except Ryan Reynolds has a cuter nose," Betel quipped. Cue muffled sounds from Regel. He was too weak to say anything. Annie and Betel seem to have understood something along the lines of, 'Well, your nose is just as big as mine.' "I've got to go, my flight leaves in an hour," Betel told them. Annie looked at her questioningly, "You're not teleporting there?" Betel shook her head. Her face in mild annoyance, "No. Too much of a hassle. They ask too many questions and they'd make me register my wand," Annie nodded, "take care of him alright," she said to her. The blonde smiled warmly making Betel's heart flutter, "Sure, He's in good hands," "Don't cause too much attention. They still don't know you're a no-maj," Annie smirked, "I'm sure I can handle a few spells in my way." And with those last words, Betel said goodbye to Annie and her brother. By 10 p.m. on a cold evening, Betel had reached London. It was a well-known fact that Severus Snape never ate at the Grimmauld Place after Order meetings. He simply couldn't stand dining with the Weasleys'. Molly was too overbearing and Arthur was a muggle loving fool and don't even get started on the twins, those annoying troublemakers. He especially was anxious to get away since Sirius Black and Lupin were there and now that Harry Potter, that foolish boy, had been in trouble again with dementors and the Ministry, his life wasn't going to go smoothly for now, not that it ever has. As he apparated home and turned the doorknob, Severus Snape had already noticed that something was odd. Not only were the lights on, Someone had messed with his wards. Whoever they were, they surely did a good job on making it trigger only when he arrived, Snape thought. He slowly entered inside, careful not to make a sound, he readied his wand in case of an attack. In the living room, stood a girl. She didn't see her face because she was looking at the trinkets on the fireplace mantle. She shifted her head a bit as if to acknowledge that she knew he was behind her. "Who are you girl and what is your business here?" He said darkly. "Are you Severus Snape?" she said, her back still facing him. Her voice smooth like his—but American. "Depends on who is asking. A friend or a foe?" Severus noticed that her tone was not someone who was hostile. She finally turned to face him. Her face expressionless, "On August 2000, did you or did you not have sexual relations with American Auror, Sabrina Johnson," she said as if she was interrogating him. Snape didn't like where this was going. The name, Sabrina, of course he remembered her. She was the muggleborn witch he had indulged in a short relationship after Lily had married his archenemy, "That is none of your business, girl," He said, wand still raised yet the girl didn't seem to mind. She continued to maintain eye contact, her green eyes bored into him as if she was reading his mind but that was impossible given that he was an expert Occulumens. "I think that it is. Because, Severus Snape…I am your daughter," She said smiling. Snape was utterly speechless. He was sure to be careful with his little…exploits while he was with Sabrina…this couldn't have been happening, "name is Betel Johnson, and boy do we have a lot of catching up to do," There was little time for explanations. Betel had already packed his luggage because they were leaving for America, "We don't have a lot of time," she said, "My brother, Sabrina bore twins by the way, has got the Paters fever and an important ingredient for the potion medicine is the blood of the father," She talked fast, leaving him no room to explain. She gave him two choices, to let her take some of his blood right here right now and leave without ever seeing his son or he could come with her to America and have his blood taken there. Snape wanted to stay. But he still didn't fully trust the girl, and he couldn't tell whether she was lying or telling the truth. The girl…his daughter…Betel Johnson was apparently a very good Occulumens. If she was telling the truth, he would have been very proud for the accomplishment. So Severus chose to go with her. She responded with a smile "Great," "However, I need to contact someone of my whereabouts. If you could just wait for 5 minutes. Stay here and do not touch anything," He reprimanded. She smiled innocently and watched him write a letter to Albus Dumbledore that he was going to be in America for some family business. He didn't give the full details. Betel was in a hurry. Severus gave the letter to the owl and it flew to its destination. They apparated to the Ministry of International Transport, and she had explained that Sabrina Johnson had died on an assignment. Killing Curse. Betel looked at him as if she was expecting some sadness or remorse from his face. There was none. He merely asked, "And how old were you and your brother?" "We were one," she said, pushing past other people who were coming and going to and from the International Floo, "Regel and I were sent to an orphanage and were bounced around the system for a while till we settled in St. Mary's. We ran away when were 12," They waited in line to get a ticket to New York, and as they waited, Betel continued talking, "I know this is a shock, but I am telling the truth," "You could be wrong. True that I had a relationship with Sabrina Johnson on August 2000 but it was purely…physical. She was… heartbroken after she found out that her fiancée had cheated on her