The Syndicate Disclaimer: You know the drill. If not, well, I DO NOT OWN PJO! THE ONLY THING I DO OWN, IS MY LIFE! A.N. So yeeeh… ya know how I am. I start something, I work on it a bit, start something else and finish up on another story… so anyways, I'm here with my 3 rd ever FANFICTION! :D yey happy times. Aaaanyways… so I randomly came up with this idea from watching too many spy movies :P sue me. Um… basically, this is Dark Percy x OC where Percy and OCs are banished by gods. They turn against them, blah blah blah, twists here and there… and I'm pretty sure this is the first version of this… I don't know what you think but I have yet to encounter some stories like mine… heh. If you have, then perhaps you can link me to some other stories that have a similar plot so I can make mine more interesting for you? Remember: This is fanfiction, but I am a people's writer (I hope). If the majority wants something, most times, I relent… Anyways, enough with the author's note… ON WITH THE STORY! Prologue Friday, June 13, 1767 Amber's POV So I was just a normal teenage girl at school hanging out with my friends. Wait… I wasn't normal… See, I have dyslexia and ADHD. I'm a special child I s'pose. A little more about me: I'm 12 years old, born on March 3, 1755. I'm blonde with orange and red highlights on the ends of my hair and my eyes are a strange orange color. I'm about the same height as the next 12 year old. Anyways, I was hanging out with my friends when suddenly, some giant man, and when I say giant, I mean he was literally 8 ft tall, burst into the room. Strangely, he seemed to be staring directly at me. He gave an animalistic roar and charged at me. Well, it's been one hell of a run, but if this is how I die, I'm gunna do it my way . I thought as I jumped on a desk with stacks of pencils in my hands. Everyone screamed as they tried to get away from the weird man as he continued his rampage towards me. As he drew closer, I noticed something strange. He only had one eye. I shook my head. Act now, think later. That's my motto anyways. I leapt back one desk and aimed with the pencils. "EAT LEAD ASSHOLE!" I shouted as I whipped pencils at the man's face. The pencils, whether they would have pierced his skin or not, flew straight threw him. Ok. I know I'm not considered "intelligent," but even I know that that's not normal. The man drew closer. He bared his teeth at me. Oddly, the teeth were all pointy, as if this man was MADE to devour children with disabilities. I did the one thing I didn't think I would ever do. I closed my eyes and screamed. A rush of heat burst forward from my hands, and by the screams and shrieks of terror, I'm assuming whatever it was that was happening was completely melting them to a puddle. When I opened my eyes, I noticed that the strange man was gone. In his place, lay a puddle of melted golden dust with the man's jacket and hat on top. I rubbed my eyes furiously, still thinking this was a dream. "This is not good. This is SO not good." Ferdinand said. Ferdinand was a good friend, but he was crippled for life. He is permanently excused from gym class due to a doctor's not explaining his faulty legs. (A.N. hue hue hue) He's usually the target of the school bullies and what not. I grabbed his arm and pulled him towards a secluded area. "What was that. What just happened!" I whisper-yelled at him. He paled. Ferdinand was never good at lying. "I.. That… Well… It's confidential." Ferdinand finally stuttered out. "Confidential?! Ferd. Whatever that was, it almost fricking KILLED ME! And all you can say is 'It's CONFIDENTIAL?!' Fricking unbelieveable!" I ranted. "Yes. Quite." A familiar voice said. I looked over my shoulder to see my friend Alex with a sword pointed at me. "Alex what the fuck are you doing! And how do you have a fucking SWORD!?" I exclaimed. He smirked. "You're sooo gullible. Letting a monster like me get so close to a halfblood like you. That foolish cyclops had to ruin everything by rushing in like that." Alex cackled. Cyclops? Monster? HALFBLOOD?! I wondered. "What are you TALKING about?!" "Amber, get behind me NOW!" Ferdinand shouted to me. He said it with such conviction that I did as he said without a complaint. "Begone demon!" he cried to Alex. Then, the strangest thing started to happen. Alex transformed into a ghastly looking thing with freakishly pale skin. Everything about him screamed danger, yet all I could do was stare. "What…" I muttered. Ferdinand ripped off his baseball cap, his pants and his shoes and threw his crutches at the Ghost-Alex-Thing. They passed harmlessly through the transparent body of my... friend? "Stupid wind spirits…" Ferdinand muttered. He reached into his pocket and fished something out. Without turning around, he stuffed the piece of paper into my hands. "Go to that place. I will meet you there." I nodded. I raced off to the nearest bus station. I never made it to the station. Suddenly, I was transported into a massive room, filled with 12 ft tall men and women, all sitting on marble thrones. Woah… This is some classy place. I thought. The seats were arranged in a U shape with a middle aged man and woman sitting at the point of the bend. "Kneel before me, daughter of Hecate." The man thundered. Although I didn't want to, I felt like this group of adults demanded respect. So I did the safe thing and kneeled. "Sir, if I may, what do you mean by 'daughter of Hecate'"?" I asked. The man frowned. "Do you not know of your parentage, girl?" a little girl with auburn hair called. I shook my head. "My father died in a play accident and my mother was said to have vanished after giving birth to me. I live in an orphanage with my friend Ferdinand." I explained. "Please. You have the wrong person. I was told to head to this camp or something like that. Something about halfbloods and monsters and whatnot." I pleaded. The adults glanced at each other as if communicating mentally. Finally, the man at the head of the U looked at me. "The Greek gods are real, and are sitting before you." He said slowly. "Sadly, we do NOT have the wrong person. You are too powerful to live, casting you as a liability to Olympus. Therefore, we have no choice other than to banish you to the depths of Tartarus." Before I could react, a hole opened up in the ground and swallowed me. I didn't know much about this Greek mythology or the personalities of the gods, but one thing's for sure. I don't like them. As I fell, I muttered my final vows. "One day, Olympians. You will fall. Be it by my hands, or another's, you will all beg for mercy until you are forced to fade." I had no idea what that meant at the time, but it just felt right to say. July 23 rd , 1884 Jayden's POV "Hi. My name is Jayden Skye. Looks like you're my new brother." I smiled at the new demigod. See, my father is Zeus, the king of the gods. Not to sound arrogant or anything, but that made me really powerful. Anyways… the demigod started to glare at me as if I had done something wrong. "Is everything ok?" I asked him. The kid shook his head, nodded and smiled at me. Later that day, I started helping him with his powers and taught him how to IM people. Then, I went to go teach sword fighting to the newcomers, which happened to include him as well. The class went well enough with me helping most kids, however, my new brother just continued to glorify me. During capture the flag, he asked to defend the flag himself, which I thought was quite brave of him. So, I let him try, since he was my brother, I couldn't just say no, now could I? I had specifically told a group of Hermes cabin to stay in the forest watching my brother and if anything went wrong, to step in and help him out. They agreed to that as long as we got the flag for them. We agreed to their terms. Chiron blew the whistle to signal the start of the game. My team and I ran into the enemy territory. We maneuvered around the enemy and whisked our way to their flag. It was planted in a pile of rocks. Though it looked easy enough, those rocks were extremely unsteady and could fall over at any moment. I signaled for the Hermes cabin to go steal it, because that's what they do best. So, without further ado, my team and I carried the flag towards our side. A bloodcurdling scream came from our zone. Fast as lightning, I shoved the flag into my teammate's hands and ran off to go help my brother, who was alone against a whole team. I was too late. The group of Hermes kids lay on the ground bleeding. The enemy was also in a similar state. The worst one of the group, however, was my brother. He was lying on the ground in a pool of blood. He was dead. His eyes held defeated determination. I looked at the wound and realized that it was from the fangs of a Hellhound and the claws of a Fury. A bright light engulfed me. Next thing I knew, I was on Olympus, in the throne room to be specific. My dad had tears in his eyes. He motioned for me to come forward, so I obliged. See, I had never seen my dad before, but by the lightning emblem on his toga and the fact that everything about his persona screamed 'SKY GOD' , it was kind of easy to identify him. Hades flashed in and the rest of the council followed suit. "Brother, you have brought this on your children." Hades said smugly. Zeus was furious. He ripped his master bolt from the ground and hurled it at Hades. The bolt struck home as Hades was thrown half way across the room and fried by the bolt. "Your presence is no longer welcome in my domain. Hades, begone with you foul demon." Zeus bellowed. Hades flashed out, probably to the underworld. Zeus turned on me, but his anger had subsided. "Son, I need you to do me a favor. There is a powerful demigod that is captured by the monsters. He's the child of a Primeordial god. His name is Josh Penedo. He's about your age and I think they are about to kill him. With that much raw power, they could ultimately use his essence to kill us all. I need you to go and save him for me." Zeus said. "I know I'm in no position to be asking favors from you but we could use him and make him a better ally to the gods." I smiled. Zeus was giving me a chance to prove myself. "You had me at son, dad." I said happily. Zeus returned my smile. "None of the other campers can know about this so you need to go alone." Zeus said slightly worried. "No problem." I said. "I can send you to the relative area of where he is being held. The rest is up to you. Remember, we cannot interfere with your quest due to the Ancient Laws." Zeus