A/N: This is actually the first story I started writing, but it has taken a while to iron out the kinks in the story. A big thanks goes out to my beta Ministry Malcontent for all of his hard work. He has definitely improved my writing and put up with my indecision over the past year or so while I have tried to figure out the direction of the story. I hope you all enjoy! Disclaimer: Harry Potter Publishing Rights © J.K.R. Note the opinions in this story are my own and in no way represent the owners of this site. This story subject to copyright law under transformative use. No compensation is made for this work. December 20, 1995 – January 12, 1996 Harry hesitated outside the door to the room where Ginny and Hermione were staying. He knew he had upset Ginny and needed to talk to her, so gathering up his Gryffindor courage he knocked on the door. "Ginny?" Harry called out softly. "Come in," came the quiet reply from within. Harry opened the door, like most of the rooms in Grimmauld Place, the girls' room was rather dark and gloomy. Two twin beds were set up on either side of the room with a small nightstand next to each bed. Harry noticed with amusement that each girl had managed to put their own stamp on the room. Hermione's side of the room was neat and organized, a few books were stacked neatly on the nightstand and her trunk was closed and stored neatly at the end of her bed. Crookshanks was curled up neatly on the centre of her bed. Ginny's side of the room was much less organized. Her bed was not made as neatly as Hermione's was and her trunk stood open at the end of her bed revealing a jumbled collection of clothes and books. Ginny was sitting in the centre of her bed with a paperback in her hand. She smiled when she saw Harry. However he noticed it wasn't her normal enthusiastic smile, but more like a less happy copy. "Come on in." Looking around for a place to sit, Harry sat on the floor leaning up against Hermione's bed. Ginny watched him patiently as she leaned back against the wall with her legs drawn up in front of her. "Ginny, I want to thank you for what you did," Harry began uncomfortably. He looked her in the eyes while he thanked her, but then dropped his gaze to the floor. "I…I feel like a complete prat for having…forgotten…It's not that I forgot exactly…I panicked. When I saw your father getting bitten by the snake, it felt like I was the snake. And then in Dumbledore's office…I felt…I don't know... almost like I wanted to bite him and then when I heard Moody say I was being possessed it just seemed like that must be what was happening. I didn't think…I wasn't thinking clearly enough to think about asking you what it was like being possessed by Voldemort. I'm sorry." He finally gained the courage to look back up at Ginny and he was horrified to see she had tears in her eyes. Ginny wiped her eyes hastily as Harry looked up at her, "Harry, I won't deny that what you said hurt. I…I thought we were becoming friends and for you to forget…" As Ginny trailed off, Harry got up on his knees in front of Ginny's bed. "Ginny, we are friends. I…I guess I don't really associate you with the Chamber anymore. I'm a rather horrible friend now that I think about it. I should have asked you more how you were doing. I thought about you all that summer. Did I ever tell you that?" Ginny shook her head wordlessly. Harry continued, "Yeah, I even asked Ron how you were doing in one letter. He…he just kind of blew off the question and I didn't ask again. I'm sorry. I should have written to you directly." Leaning forward Ginny put her fingers over his mouth. "It's okay, Harry. I…I was so embarrassed by what I had done, I probably wouldn't have responded well to a letter from you. I'm just glad that you thought about me." As Harry sat back down Ginny leaned back against the wall. Harry laced his fingers together over his knees and watched Ginny for a moment before he asked, "Do you still have nightmares?" "Not as bad as that first summer, but I do get them from time to time," Ginny replied. "That first summer was horrible, I would dream that I had killed Hermione or that you were killed when you came down to the Chamber, or the worst was when you came down and decided that I wasn't worth saving so you left me there to die." Harry listened sombrely as Ginny recounted her nightmares, he couldn't believe he'd never thought to ask about them before. Why had he been so self - centred that he hadn't even taken the time to ask her how she was dealing with things? "Ginny," Harry said, "you know that I would never have done that, right? I have done things that I regret, but going down into the Chamber to get you is not one of them." Ginny nodded with her eyes bright. Harry continued, "If you have any nightmares while I'm here, just come wake me up. I don't sleep so well anyhow. I have nightmares about…the graveyard and I'm getting this weird dream I don't understand. So if you have a nightmare and you want company, come get me." Harry stood up as he heard Ron yelling his name. He walked over to Ginny and gave her a sincere, but slightly awkward hug. "I better go see what Ron wants. Are you okay?" Ginny smiled much more sincerely this time. "I'm good, Harry. I'm just going to read for a bit." Ginny woke with a start and bit back a scream. Taking a deep breath to try to slow her racing heart, she looked about the room and realized that she was in her room at Grimmauld Place. Ginny sank back into the pillow as she replayed the last bit of the dream in her mind. Harry had talked to Riddle and laughed at the nonsense she written about him in her diary. He had looked at Riddle and told him that he wasn't going to stay and risk his life for such a silly little girl. Ginny sat up abruptly to dispel the remnants of the dream. Peering at the clock she groaned as she realized it was only 2:30 in the morning. She knew from experience that there was no point in trying to go back to sleep. Ginny bit her lip as she thought of Harry's offer of two days ago. Part of her never wanted to face him again, but part of her craved company. The summer after her first year she had woken nightly with nightmares. Sometimes her parents or one of her brothers would hear her and come to comfort her. While it was reassuring that they still wanted her around, inevitably someone would ask what had happened. She had still never told anyone the whole story. She knew instinctively that Harry would not ask her any questions. Plus there was the added benefit that he had actually been there for the end so he knew what happened. Slipping out of her bed, Ginny pulled on her faded yellow dressing gown and silently climbed the stairs to the room Harry and Ron were sharing. After hesitating outside the door, Ginny could hear noises coming from inside the bedroom. Pushing open the door, Ginny could see Harry tossing and turning in bed. Glancing over she saw her brother sound asleep. Ginny stood indecisively at the door for a moment before she tiptoed into the room. "Harry," she whispered. Harry didn't wake, so Ginny sat down on the edge of his bed and put her hand on his shoulder. "Harry." His emerald green eyes flew open, a momentary panic showed in them before he realized who was sitting on his bed. "Ginny. Are you okay?" She waited patiently while he sat up and reached for his glasses. His smile somehow warmed her and made her feel a bit better. He was searching her face and Ginny knew he could tell she'd woken from a nightmare. "Let's go down to the kitchen," Harry whispered. Ginny nodded and stood up. Harry followed quickly grabbing his dressing gown from the end of his bed. The two teens snuck down into the basement kitchen. This was their favourite room in the house. This was the least gloomy place in the house. Harry lit the candles on the counter while Ginny stirred up the fire that had been smouldering in the large stone fireplace. Harry reached into the pantry and grabbed two butterbeers. They sat at the table in companionable silence watching the fire. Ginny watched Harry carefully. He didn't seem to be upset at being woken up at 2:30 in the morning. He also wasn't pushing her to talk. For some reason, this made her want to talk. Clearing her throat slightly, Ginny looked up at Harry. He smiled over at her and as though he'd been waiting for a sign from her asked, "Bad nightmare?" A shudder ran through her as she remembered the bone-chilling cold of the Chamber of Secrets and the horror as her supposed friend came out of the diary. "Yeah, I was back in the Chamber and…he was telling me how everyone would hate me for what I'd done and I was weak and spineless and he looked forward to killing you." Ginny was not even aware of the tears streaming down her face as she shared her nightmare. Harry watched in silence as Ginny shared her dream, to his horror she started crying. For some reason, unlike when Cho cried, Harry seemed to know what to do when Ginny cried. He dug into his dressing gown pocket and came up with a crumpled but clean handkerchief. He handed her the handkerchief. "Gin, Riddle said a lot of things, but I hope you realize most of them weren't true. To have resisted him for as long as you did, that takes an amazing amount of strength and courage." Taking the handkerchief from him, Ginny wiped her eyes. "You think I'm strong? I was so scared. I kept thinking the Sorting Hat had made a mistake by putting me in Gryffindor, that I wasn't brave enough or strong enough to be a true Gryffindor." Harry chuckled softly. Ginny's eyes flew up to his face and he realized how bad that must look. "I'm only laughing because I've thought the same thing about myself. Ginny, you are definitely a Gryffindor. I never told anyone this, but the Sorting Hat wanted to put me in Slytherin. Ron and Hagrid had told me such horrible things about Slytherin, so I begged the hat not to put me there." Ginny was looking at him with astonishment written all over her face. "Slytherin? But you are so…you are so good and so brave…Are you putting me on?" "No," Harry replied, "it said I could do great things in Slytherin, but I was horrified at the idea. I didn't feel like I truly belonged in Gryffindor until after the Chamber of Secrets. Remember the sword?" Ginny nodded and Harry continued, "That was Gryffindor's sword. Professor Dumbledore told me it would take a true Gryffindor to pull that out of the Sorting Hat." "Harry, how did you end up in the Chamber of Secrets? I've never really heard the full story. Everyone always stopped talking about it when I entered the room." "You know I'm a Parselmouth, right?" Harry asked. Ginny nodded. "That news flew through the school like wildfire." "I'm sure it did," Harry made a face before continuing. "I could hear the Basilisk