A/N: Suicide is never the answer to your problems. If you or any one you know if having suicidal thoughts or having a rough time of it, please, please talk to someone - a parent, a family member, clergyman, or friend. There is help available. If you don't feel comfortable talking to them, please reach out to one of the National Hotlines. In the USA, call 1800 273-8255 or text 741-741 from anywhere in the USA. In the UK, please call Call: 0800 068 41 41 or Text: 07786 209697 Ginny ran down the corridor and dove into a small unused classroom. Slamming the door behind her, she flung herself down on the ground disregarding the thick dust. There was a teacher's desk in the front of the room, but only a handful of students' desks were scattered around the room. A pile of dust covered blankets showed that at one point this was a trysting spot, but it had now been long forgotten. Forgotten – that was what she wanted to be. She lay in that dusty room with tears flowing down her cheeks. Her whole body shook as she cried out her misery. Time lost all meaning as she sobbed. Eventually, she finally calmed down, and sat up. Wiping her nose on the tattered sleeve of her robes she opened a folded piece of parchment that had been stuffed into her Charms books. Light flooded through the windows on one side of the room making it all too easy to read the note. ' Dark Witch go home! If you show up at the Quidditch match, you will be sorry!" Below the words was a picture of a figure climbing a ladder and hanging herself from a tree. It had been charmed so the figure repeatedly hanged herself. The notes had been becoming increasing more violent over the past six months. She was accused of trying to murder Colin, Justin, Penny, Hermione, and of course Harry. She was also accused of being a Death Eater and a spy for Slytherin. She'd even received some death threats. At first, she'd told Percy, after all, he was Head Boy. He told her to ignore them. Her robes had been ripped to shreds 'accidentally' by Hermione's new cat, Crookshanks. Hermione had apologized, but because her parents couldn't afford any more, she only had two sets of robes left – the one she was wearing and the one being cleaned. Due to the frequent washing of the already old robes, they were grey and threadbare. Over the summer, she thought everything would work out. She and her family went to see her favourite brother, Bill, in Egypt. Bill was wonderful and he talked to her about everything that had happened with Tom. He helped her see it wasn't her fault that she'd been tricked by Voldemort. Over and over he'd told her that Voldemort had tricked others who were older and wiser than she was. None of her 'victims' were permanently harmed and thanks to Harry, the basilisk was dead. Her other brothers weren't quite as forgiving. Fred and George hadn't really said much about the whole thing. She lived in fear that they would start teasing her about being a Dark Witch as they'd done to Harry the previous year. Sometimes they didn't realise that not everything was meant to be joked about. Percy had given her several lectures about her foolishness and how she ought to have made better choices. Ron, her closest brother, alternated between pity and anger. She thought everything was alright between them, but as soon as they were on the train, the first thing he did was tell her to go away. She wanted so much to tell Harry how sorry she was, but every time she was near him she couldn't make herself talk to him. He had almost died and it was her fault. Tears welled up in her eyes again. He'd been through so much and had survived the Killing Curse to almost be killed by her. Everyone would be much better off without her. Her parents wouldn't have to be embarrassed by her anymore and her brothers…well they wouldn't have a little sister embarrassing them. She knew her actions had made trouble for her father at work. It would serve her roommates right! They kept telling her how horrible she was. They would certainly feel bad if she died, wouldn't they? Would her brothers really care? Probably not – they'd just be happy that she was gone. They'd be glad they wouldn't have to share anything with her. They could stop complaining that she was given 'preferential' treatment because she was bought 'new' clothes sometimes. Sniffing, she dissolved into tears once again when she realized that hardly anyone would miss her at all. Her parents, maybe, and Bill. When her tears ran out, she lay there miserably. She had no energy and didn't want to return to the common room. Honestly, she had no energy to do anything – she didn't want to eat, she didn't want to go to class, she would have been happy to sleep her days away. That way maybe one day she would fall asleep and not wake up again. Reaching into her pocket, she withdrew the vial she'd been carrying around for days. She was very surprised when she saw Angel's Trumpets growing in the courtyard. The bell-shaped flowers were very pretty, but they were also highly poisonous. When she was little, her mother had always kept them out of reach and made sure they all knew the pretty flowers were dangerous. She gathered several flowers in the vial. How difficult would it be to make a tea from the flowers and simply drift off to sleep? The sounds of students in the corridors, made her sit up. Wouldn't it be awful if she was never found? Even though she thought she had no more tears left, tears once again filled her eyes. Would it be like the phrase she'd written in the corridor outside the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets? Would her skeleton be here forever? Would anyone even think to look for her? Probably not. Her brothers would be happy she was leaving them alone. No one would probably notice until she didn't ride the train home. Reluctantly she put the vial of poisonous flowers back into the robes. She didn't want her body to lay in some horrible room all year. Struggling to her feet, she tried to wipe her face, but she had the feeling that people would know she'd been crying. She wished she knew more magic. Bill could conjure up a mirror easily. Of course, he probably also knew tons of spells to make it look like she hadn't even been crying. Smoothing, back her hair, she peered out of the door. Thankfully, most of the students in this part of the castle were simply hurrying by trying to reach another part of the castle. No one was paying attention to her. Harry was hurrying through an unfamiliar part of the castle. He'd given Ron and Hermione the slip, because quite honestly, he was tired of hearing them argue. He didn't really understand how anyone could argue so much and still remain friends. Now they were arguing about cats and rats. He turned a corner and almost ran right into Ginny Weasley. He almost gasped out loud when he saw her. She didn't look like the cheerful, happy girl he'd seen at the end of the last school year. He hadn't seen very much of her this year, but he thought he would have noticed if she looked so bad. Her normally beautiful hair was dull and lank, simply hanging over her shoulders. What worried him the most, was the depressed, lifeless look in her eyes. They were red rimmed and Harry could see the tell-tale signs of crying. He also noticed that for some reason she had a thin layer of dust along one side of her body. "Ginny? Are you okay?" She jumped at the sound of his voice and looked up at him. She reminded him of a startled unicorn, ready to take off at the slightest sign of danger. "H-harry. I'm s-sorry, I didn't see you there." "It's okay," he replied. "I wasn't watching where I was going either." She put her head down and didn't say anything. Harry racked his brains trying to remember the last time he actually saw her. She was hardly ever in the common room in the evening and he only occasionally saw her in the Great Hall. As he looked at her, he realized she'd lost weight and she couldn't really afford to lose weight. Frowning, he thought her brothers had all promised to look after her this year. "Did you have dinner?" She looked up startled and looked around vaguely as if searching for something. "Is it that late? Damn, I've missed my afternoon classes." "What's going on, Ginny?" Pasting a false smile on her face, she replied, "Nothing, I just lost track of time." He shook his head. "No, I don't think so. What's wrong?" Looking down again she fiddled with the frayed cuff of her worn robes. She jumped when he said, "What happened to your robes?" "Crookshanks," she said resentfully. "Hermione doesn't keep an eye on that cat and he wanders all over the girls' side. He somehow became stuck in my room. He shredded all of my robes except for two." "That's awful, she should have replaced your robes." Ginny shrugged. "She's been really busy." As she pulled her hand out of her pocket, a piece of parchment fell to the ground. With his quick reflexes, Harry grabbed it first. She came alive for the first time. "Give that back to me!" Honestly, he meant to just hand it back to her, but he found himself looking at it. He couldn't believe it. "Ginny! Who gave this to you?" She shrugged again. "I don't know. They never put them in my stuff when I'm around. I usually find them in my books or sometimes on my bed." "Did you tell anyone?" he asked indignantly. "Percy," she replied. "He told me that I had to understand I upset a lot of people last year and I just needed to ignore the notes. They would stop after a while." Harry shook his head. "People like that don't stop. Ginny, why don't we go talk to Professor McGonagall?" "No, she has much bigger things to worry about." "No, she doesn't," he replied. "Last year when people thought I was the one who opened the Chamber of Secrets, other students were horrible to me. My first year, no one talked to me after Hermione, Neville and I lost fifty points each. No one. During Quidditch practice, the team would only call me Seeker. It hurts and it is not right. "Please come see Professor McGonagall with me." A tiny seed of hope flickered in her heart. Could she possibly be helped? Did anyone care? No matter what happened to her, she couldn't refuse Harry. She owed him too much. Nodding her head, she agreed. "Okay. Don't be surprised if she says the same thing." To her shock, he gently reached out and took her hand. "Let's go. I'm sure she will be able to help you." It didn't seem like a long trip to Professor McGonagall's office and soon she was facing her head of house. Harry did most of the talking at first. She felt a bit uncomfortable as the older witch kept watching her even while listening to Harry. Professor McGonagall rose from behind her desk and walked around to Ginny's side, kneeling next to her. "Miss Weasley…Ginny. I am very sorry this is happening to you. I will be launching an investigation into this and trust me, the guilty will be punished." Ginny's eyes went wide, surprised that only were her concerns being taken seriously,