Susan Kennel looked around her class. She truly enjoyed teaching and this was one of her favourite lessons – helping the children learning about their ancestors. It was often a lot of work, but the children all seemed to delight in learning their family histories. Some children were able to trace their ancestry back for centuries while others simply discovered their great-grandmother's name. She'd seen the American television programme 'Roots' when she was still in school and it had made a huge impression upon her. Her family had all indulged her in her interest in family history. She cherished the letters her grandmother and great aunts had sent her telling her their remembrances of their childhoods and the stories their grandparents had told them. It was now her great joy to share that experience with her sixth year students. The children were to have asked their parents for help filling out a very simple family tree with the child, any siblings, their parents, grandparents, and great-grandparents. Most of the children truly enjoyed this and many had brought in pictures they'd found of their grandparents or great-grandparents. By the end of the term, she would help them fashion a little book on their own family. She couldn't help but laugh when she recalled her discussion with her brother. He swore that within the next ten years all of the information that she and her students gathered would be available on the computer. What foolishness! She enjoyed playing with new technology and had used the word processing system he'd installed on her computer at home, but she just couldn't imagine a computer helping search for family history. As the children came in she heard them all chattering and laughing. Some were sharing stories about newly discovered ancestors while others were amazed that quiet old Gran had worked in a factory while Granddad fought in World War II. Susan collected all of the family trees and her class spent the morning talking about their ancestors. She taught them about the resources that were available to research their family trees. The children learned about the parish registries, the armed services records, and of course the census records. After lunch she sent the children out to play outdoors while she started looking through their family trees. Most of the children had done well, but there were a few who were missing a name or two. She hoped she'd be able to help them discover the missing names. As she reached the bottom of the stack of homework, she frowned. Harry Potter hadn't done anything at all. Well, that wasn't entirely true, he'd placed his own name very neatly on the tree, but all of the other branches were empty. Susan frowned as she tried to imagine why he'd not done his work. Harry was a quiet child, very sweet, but he hardly spoke at all. He cut a very tragic figure around the school. Susan knew that Harry's parents had died when he was a baby and he lived with his aunt and uncle. She frowned at the thought of his cousin, Dudley Dursley. Dudley was a spoiled, arrogant child. He was obviously over indulged by his parents and the difference between him and his cousin was rather uncomfortable for most of those observing them. While Dudley's clothes were always new and in good condition, Harry had to make do with Dudley's hand-me-downs. As Harry was much smaller than Dudley, the clothes were several times too big for him. Dudley was a bit of a bully and unfortunately Harry was one of his favourite targets. The school was divided between those who thought Harry was a troublemaker and those who thought Dudley was the troublemaker. Susan was in the minority of those who thought Harry was being bullied. She had tried to tell Dudley's parents about the situation many times, but the Dursleys didn't want to hear anything against their son. So after a time, everyone ignored the fact that Harry seemed to be small and hungry while Dudley wanted for nothing. Susan flipped back through the pile. Dudley's family tree was filled out, so why had Harry not done his family tree? Frowning, she headed to the door of her classroom. Opening the door, she scanned the playground. She found Harry sitting by himself, but his cousin was not far off. As she neared them, she heard Dudley taunting the smaller boy. "Did you have fun with your family tree?" Dudley laughed. "Freaks don't actually get a family tree." "Mr Dursley, that's quite enough!" Susan said sternly. Turning to Harry she said, "Mr Potter, please come inside with me." As Harry accompanied her back into the class room, she could hear the taunts of his classmates. Susan sighed. She wished she could erase this impulse from the children. She led Harry back into the classroom and beckoned him up to her desk. "Mr Potter, did you understand the assignment?" "Yes, Miss Kennel," he replied sadly. "Why did you not fill out your tree?" For a few minutes, Susan didn't think she was going to get an answer, but then he looked up with his green eyes blazing. "I don't know any of that stuff." "Why didn't you ask your aunt and uncle? Your cousin filled out his family tree." "My aunt and uncle don't like to talk about my parents," Harry returned angrily. "I don't even know their names. All I know is they died in a car accident when I was a baby and I ended up with my aunt and uncle." Susan found it hard to believe someone would be so cruel, but there was no denying the feelings shining on the boy's face. Sympathy for the boy flooded through her. "Harry, how are you related to Mr and Mrs Dursley?" Harry looked confused for a minute before he answered, "Aunt Petunia was my mum's sister." "And you don't know her name?" Harry shook his head. "What about grandparents?" "My uncle's parents are alive," Harry said, "but Aunt Petunia's parents died before my parents did." Susan looked through the stack of homework until she found Dudley's work. Looking at Dudley's tree, she said, "Okay, your maternal grandparent's names were Iris and Charles Evans." She helped Harry fill out the limited information that was the same on both his and Dudley's trees. Glancing at her watch, she realized that recess was almost over. A thought occurred to her. "Harry, I will be back in just a minute," she said. "If you wish, you may stay in the classroom." Susan hurried out of her classroom to the front office. She was in luck; Mrs Howard was at her desk. "Good morning, Mrs Howard," Susan said cheerily. "I was hoping you could help me. I want to see Harry Potter's file." "Of course," Mrs Howard replied. She was an older grandmotherly woman who truly loved all of the children at the school. "Poor little lamb. Every time I see that poor boy I want to yell at that selfish auntie of his." Susan was surprised, she'd never heard Mrs Howard speak ill of anyone before. "Really?" "Aye, the way she treats that boy you'd never know he was a relative. We had to threaten legal action before she would take the boy for an eye exam and glasses. Have you ever seen the lunch she sends in for him?" Mrs Howard shook her head. "She fawns all over that great lump of a son of hers and treats poor Harry horribly." By this time, Mrs Howard had found Harry's file. She handed it to Susan. There was a contact information sheet and medical history form. At the back of the file she found what she was looking for, a copy of his birth certificate. Hurrying over to the copy machine, she made a copy of it before returning his file to Mrs Howard. After bidding goodbye to the older woman, Susan hurried back to her classroom. Harry was sitting quietly at his desk reading a book. He looked up when she hurried in. She handed Harry the paper. "This is a copy of your birth certificate. It lists your parents and your place of birth. If you'd like, I can help you discover a little more about your family." Harry's eyes lit up with joy. "Thank you, Miss Kennel." "You are welcome." She handed him back his unfinished family tree. As she hurried to let in the rest of the students, she noticed that he was reading the birth certificate. Harry read the fancy form with excitement. It said that Harry James Potter was born at 7:23 in morning on the 31st of July 1980. He felt a jolt of excitement. He actually had a birthday. Logically he knew he had one, but he'd never known when it was. He just knew he was younger than Dudley. Reading on, he found his parents' names. His mother was listed as Lily Elizabeth Potter (nee Evans) and his father was called James Hardwin Potter. Lily and James Potter, those were his parents' names. He smiled; he thought Lily was a much prettier name than Petunia. As he looked at his family tree, he realized that his mother's name was Lily, his grandmother's name was Iris, and his great-grandmother's name was Rose. They were all named after flowers. As he carefully filled in his parents' names writing as neatly as possible, he wondered if it would be possible to discover more about his parents. Looking at his birth certificate, he discovered one more piece of information. He was born in some place called Godric's Hollow which was in Gloucestershire. That was interesting. He'd never even thought about where he was born before. As the rest of the students filed in from recess, he carefully put the copy of his birth certificate in the plastic bag he used for his school supplies. He didn't want Dudley to find it or obviously Dudley would rip it up or somehow destroy it. He couldn't help but smile, he finally knew when his birthday was and more than that he knew his parents' names! Susan hung up the phone, shocked at Petunia Dursley's rudeness. She'd secured permission to take Harry to the public library, but she was shocked at the total lack of concern the woman had for her nephew. After school, she and Harry walked over to the Little Whinging library. "Have you ever been to the library?" Harry shook his head. "Aunt Petunia used take Dudley sometimes, but he misbehaved a lot and they kicked him out of story time." He giggled. "Aunt Petunia was so mad!" "Do you like to read?" Susan asked curiously. She'd never seen the boy read and his grades weren't the best, but when she talked to him he was clever and obviously knew what he'd learned. She'd wondered at the dichotomy between his grades and his knowledge. Harry nodded. "I do, but Uncle Vernon would rather have me doing chores than reading. I'm not allowed to read anything about King Arthur or anything about witches." He shrugged. "I don't know why, but those are the rules." Susan frowned at the picture she was getting of his home life. It wasn't a pretty picture. "Do you have a bookcase in your bedroom?" He didn't answer right away. Susan turned to watch him. He must have felt her eyes on him because he looked up. "I'm not allowed to have a bookcase." She felt there was something more to the story, but she couldn't really imagine what that might be. The Dursleys were obviously fairly well off, so why were they so averse to sharing what they had with their nephew? It just didn't make any sense, but she could almost hear her mother reminding her that not all families shared the love that her family did. Shrugging off her tangled thoughts, she guided Harry to the research area of the library. Harry looked around curiously,