Ginny tried to relax, but she felt so big and uncomfortable. She hated to think it, but she was ready for this pregnancy to be over. Since late afternoon she'd been having pain, but nothing regular. She really hoped this was it. A couple weeks ago she'd gone to hospital in false labour. Her brothers had teased her mercilessly so she really didn't want to do that again. "Do you want some more water, love?" Ginny smiled up at her husband. "Yes, please." "Are you hungry?" Wrinkling her nose, Ginny said, "I don't know. Maybe some toast?" "Toast coming up." A smile stayed on her face as she watched him head into the kitchen. Harry was so nervous, but he was trying so hard. He'd taken their parenting classes seriously and talked to both her father and oldest brother for advice. While he was worried about what kind of father he would be, she had no worries. He was great with Teddy and with Bill's daughters Torie and Dominique. He returned with her water, a stack of toast, and a kiss on the forehead. He settled on the arm of her chair for a moment and wrapped an arm around her. After taking a sip of water, she leaned against him and snuggled into his side. The two sat quietly listening to the WWN program while snacking on toast. Finishing her water, she groaned at the insistence of her bladder. He smiled down at her sympathetically. "Do you need to get up?" She nodded and he stood and pulled her to her feet. For a moment, she leaned against him, she loved feeling his firm chest and warmth and hearing his heartbeat. She wrapped her arms around him before she looked up. "I'm going to take a shower." "Okay," he said a bit doubtfully. "I'll be fine," she insisted. The warm water felt good. She really thought this was it, she was hoping her baby would be born today. Well, maybe tomorrow as she realized it was almost midnight. When the water started feeling a little cooler, she quickly washed up. Reluctantly she used her wand to dry her hair. Normally she just let it dry, but she was tired and didn't want to lay down with wet hair. Another pain raced across her abdomen. Putting her hand on her stomach, it was rock hard as the muscles contracted. Automatically she cast the timing spell the midwife had taught her. As the pain stopped, she finished drying her hair. Walking into the bedroom, another pain took hold. Glancing at her wand, she found it had only been four minutes. "Gin?" Harry was standing the doorway to their bedroom. "I think this is it," she said nervously. Harry nodded. She could tell he was nervous, but most people wouldn't have detected the tell-tale signs. "Okay." He grabbed her bag from their bedroom. "Do you need to add anything?" "Can you put my hairbrush and toothbrush in there?" she asked as she walked past him to get dressed. She decided to wear her favourite maternity dress with a long, loose skirt and slipped sandals on her feet. It didn't take long before they were safely ensconced in the St Mungo's maternity ward. Luckily, the only photographer outside had been distracted so they made it into the hospital without the press noticing. Ginny didn't want to lay down on the bed yet so she paced around the room. Suddenly she felt something wet on her legs. Her eyes widened. The nurse saw the look on her face and hurried to her side. "It's okay, Mrs Potter. Your waters broke." With a few waves of her wand, the nurse cleaned up the mess and had Ginny in a clean nightgown. The midwife came in to examine her and declared that she was already seven centimetres dilated. Ginny was relieved that this wasn't another false alarm. She still wasn't ready to lay down, she held tightly to Harry's arm she walked around the unit. There was another couple also walking and they exchanged nervous smiles when they crossed paths. "I'm scared," Ginny whispered when they walked back into their room. "What are you scared about, love?" She shrugged. "I don't know. I've been looking forward to this for months and now that it's going to happen soon, I don't feel ready." "You are going to be a great mum," Harry reassured her. "You are so good with Teddy and your nieces. I know we don't exactly know what we are doing, but we can learn together. I'm a bit nervous too. I'm not looking forward to seeing you in pain." She smiled, "I'm not too excited about that part either." "You are one of the strongest, bravest people I've known in my whole life," he said leaning forward to kiss her briefly. "I just hope I can be there for you." "I have no doubt about that part," she said. She grabbed his hand as another contraction took hold. He stroked her hair until her grip loosened and she looked up. "I want to walk again." The pair spent the early morning hours walking the corridors s. The lights were dim and the corridors s were quiet. They would occasionally see other expectant parents and the nursing staff would check on them. Harry hated seeing the pain crossing her face, but he was so impressed and proud of her. They stopped periodically so Ginny could drink some water or use the loo. Finally, at around five in the morning, Ginny lay down. Her nurse was able to give her calming potion to help with the pain and let her sleep a little. Harry hadn't planned on sleeping, but once Ginny fell asleep he did the same. Later he was glad he did because she woke a short three hours later. In was now morning and the corridors s were a bit louder and more crowded and Ginny didn't want to walk with so many people. Instead, she was making circuits around the room. "I want to walk again," Ginny announced. Harry obediently stood and helped her up. When he went to hold her hand, she pulled away. "No, I can do it myself." Harry stepped back and tried to not let that hurt his feelings. The nurses had warned him that sometimes she might not want to be touched, but this was the first time she'd said anything. "I'm sorry," Ginny was standing in front of him. Harry smiled gently. "It's okay, love." "I just…I want it over." "It will be," Harry said. "Remember, they said you are very close." She nodded and headed for the bathroom. Harry winced when he heard the retching. After flushing the toilet and washing her face, she came back out a bit paler than before. "I want some ice." Harry helped her back into bed and left to get more ice chips. He saw her nurse and let her know Ginny was throwing up. "I will bring in a potion," she said soothingly. "I don't think it will be much longer." When he returned with the ice chips, he helped her sit up so she could eat a few. The nurse, Michele, came in and gave Ginny a potion. She checked the monitoring runes that had been applied when she walked in. "Very good," Michele said. "You are ten centimetres dilated and one hundred percent effaced. Do you feel the urge to push?" Ginny shook her head miserably. Michele waved her wand and a quick beating sound was heard through the room. Ginny perked up and looked over at her husband. "That's the baby?" Michele nodded. "That's the baby. He's doing very well, but I think he is ready to come out." As Michele predicted, within ten minutes Ginny felt the need to push. Harry stayed right by her side for the next hour. Ginny leaned back against Harry panting. "I'm so tired of pushing." "You're doing great, love," he said as he kissed her on the top of her head. The midwife was at the foot of the bed. "One more big push, Ginny." James Sirius Potter had finally arrived. Harry's hand shook slightly when he cut the cord. Ginny reached out with shaking hands and took him in her arms. "Harry." Sinking down into the chair next to her, he couldn't take his eyes off the pair of them. Ginny met his eyes. Her brown eyes were filled with tears. She smiled, "He's finally here." "He is," Harry whispered. He watched as the midwife checked the baby over and cleaned him off. "Everything looks really good," the midwife said. She cast identifying runes on the baby and examined him. "We are going to take him to the nursery for just a little bit." Once James left the room, Michele helped Ginny get cleaned up and cleaned the bed. Harry took a turn around the unit by himself. He couldn't believe he was really a father. Everyone had told him that he would love his baby without question, but he'd worried about it. What the hell did he know about being a father? He'd talked quite a bit to Bill. He loved taking care of his nieces and George's son, Fred. He thought he wanted to be more like Bill and less like George. While George unquestionable loved his son, he was still a little broken and Harry knew that Angelina did a bulk of the work. Stopping by the nursery window, Harry noticed that James wasn't in his bassinet yet. He wasn't worried as that was to be expected. He and Ginny had talked quite a bit about what to do once the baby came. He was leaning towards taking a few months off to stay home with Ginny and James. Kingsley didn't have a problem with it and it wasn't like Harry needed the money. He would have to talk it over with Ginny again, but he really didn't want to miss anything. When he returned to the room, Ginny was back in bed. A few minutes later, Michele brought James back. Harry loved the way Ginny's eyes lit up at the sight of the baby. Michele helped walk Ginny through her first attempt at breast feeding. James fell asleep after feeding. Harry was able to hold him for the first time. He was so tiny. Looking over, he noticed Ginny had fallen asleep. Settling back in his chair, he talked softly to his son, telling him all about his amazing mother. Harry couldn't stop smiling as he watched Ginny and James, sleep. It had been a long sixteen hours. It felt like they'd walked miles around the corridors of the hospital and Harry had fetched endless cups of ice chips and had his hand crushed by his wife, but in the end, it was all worth it. As he watched, Ginny's eyes opened. She looked around and met his eyes. She smiled a luminous smile as she took James back from Harry. "I still can't believe he's here. I'm really a mum." Leaning over, Harry kissed her softly before dropping a kiss on James' soft head. "And I'm a dad. We're a real family now." "The Potters," Ginny said with a happy look in her eyes. She stroked the baby's soft downy cheek. James had a head full of soft black hair and blue eyes. "He is so perfect." With a sigh she glanced up at the clock that hung on the wall. It was now 8:05 pm, James had been born at 4:22 pm. "I guess we should let people know." "I know," Harry sighed. "I've really enjoyed this time together." She blew him a kiss. "Me, too. I'm glad it was just the two of us." He shrugged. "It made sense to me." He sent her a wicked grin. "After all, we were alone when he was created." She laughed. "That we were, my love." Getting to his feet, he stretched before leaning