Ginny refused to cry until she was safely under the noisy spray of the shower. She wouldn't give him the satisfaction of knowing he'd reduced her to tears. Curling up on the marble bench in the shower, she sobbed out her rage and hurt. She always felt so violated after he visited. To know that when he invaded her bed, he'd come straight from her bed was humiliating and disgusting. The only good point was the fact that he was fastidious about cleanliness so he always showered before changing bedpartners. Even so, she always felt so dirty when he did that. It wasn't fair. This wasn't supposed to happen. After she composed herself, she quickly washed up and left the shower. Waiting for her on the bathroom counter was a tray that contained a small jar of bruise paste, a vial of mild pain potion, and a vial of any anti-inflammatory potion. She had to smile at the devotion of her house-elf, Lia. Thankfully, she downed the potions and carefully applied the bruise paste to her face. The bruises on her arms would be covered by her clothes so she didn't bother with them. She slipped on her silk dressing gown and headed into her large, well-appointed dressing room. Lia had already laid out a set of beautifully embroidered greenish-blue robes. Ginny dressed and sat down at her vanity, she carefully applied her makeup to hide the bruising until the bruise paste had a chance to work. It was frustrating to know that her brothers sold an excellent bruise paste, but of course she was not allowed to frequent her brothers' shop. She thought her husband deliberately provided substandard bruise paste so she would stay bruised longer. After her makeup was done, she carefully styled her hair and put in her diamond earrings. She hated them, but they matched her engagement and wedding bands and he insisted that she wear them. Once she was certain her appearance in no way betrayed her emotional turmoil, she left the dressing room and hurried up to the nursery. The sight of her children caused her to smile for the first time that day. Perseus and Orion were already eating their breakfast. Mimi, the nursery elf, was overseeing Titania's bath. "Good morning, Mistress," Mimi said as she caught sight of Ginny. "Good morning, Mimi," Ginny replied. "I need the children dressed in their best." "Is father here?" Perseus asked softly. "Yes, darling," Ginny said as she knelt next to the small table where her sons were sitting. "I don't know if he will wish to see you, but if he does, don't forget the rules." Perseus and Orion nodded solemnly. "No laughing, stand still, don't touch father, and only answer questions if asked," Perseus named the rules. "Yes, love," Ginny said sadly. She hated that her children lived in fear of their father, but as she did as well there wasn't a whole lot she could do about it. "We'll be really good, Mummy," Orion said earnestly. "I know you will, sweetie." Ginny pressed a kiss on his soft strawberry blonde hair. Lia popped into the nursery to assist with getting the children fed and dressed in their best robes. Twenty minutes later, Ginny smiled to see her brave, beautiful children ready to go downstairs. Seven-year-old Perseus and six-year-old Orion were dressed in their pale green dress robes with their black dress shoes gleaming. Both boys had short strawberry blond hair that was slicked back away from their faces. Perseus had his father's pale grey eyes while Orion had her brown eyes. Three-year-old Titania looked just like her mother with unruly red curls, a sprinkling of freckles across her face and big, brown eyes. Lia had managed to tame Titania's curls into a plait down her back. "Don't you all look wonderful," Ginny smiled. She glanced over at her loyal elf who said, "Master and…his guest are enjoying breakfast in the morning room. He has requested an audience with the children before leaving." Ginny nodded shortly. Lia looked at her sadly. "Does you want some breakfast, Mistress?" Ginny shook her head. "No, I don't have an appetite this morning." Thirty minutes later, Ginny stood with her children in the parlour waiting for their father. She could hear the sycophantic laughter of her husband's mistress. It was a sound that went straight through her. Not that she really cared who her husband was sleeping with, but why in Merlin's name did he have to bring her here? The children didn't need to see such behaviour. Glancing over at her sons, she straightened Perseus' tie and brushed Orion's hair back. "You are such good boys," she whispered. She wished she could do something about the scared look on their faces, but they had reason to fear their father and they knew it. When he'd visited six months ago, he'd hit Perseus for smiling at him. When she heard the click of Pansy's heels, Ginny straightened up and gestured for the children to do the same. The boys stood at attention with their hands behind their backs. Ginny held Titania's hand to keep her still. The little girl must have instinctively understood that she had to behave because she held perfectly still. Draco entered the parlour with Pansy on his arm. Ginny's face fell into impassive lines as she watched her husband inspect their children. He nodded approvingly. "Good." His attention turned to his wife. "There will be a Ministry ball in London next week. You will attend with me." Pansy's smile slid off her face. "But Draco." Without even looking, Draco backhanded her. "Quiet woman!" "Ginevra, you will arrive at my mother's house next Thursday and be prepared to stay for a week. The children will remain here," Draco said pompously. "Yes, Draco," Ginny replied as she was expected to do. "Make sure you bring appropriate attire," Draco drawled. "Mother will help if you are unable to do so yourself." "I can pick out appropriate attire," Ginny said with a calm she certainly wasn't feeling. "I went shopping with your mother last month and ordered new clothes." "Very good," Draco said. He ran his eyes over his wife. "You should have joined me and Pansy last night, we could have had a lot of fun. It was fun one at a time, but it would have been more fun with the two of you together." Ginny glared at him without responding. He'd only tried to force her to join him and whatever girl he'd brought home once. That had been early in their marriage. She had hexed him to the point he left her alone. Of course he'd beaten her before he left and confiscated her wand, but he hadn't attempted to coerce her again. Laughing, he led Pansy out of the room. Ginny didn't move until she heard the door close behind him. Dobby popped into the room and handed her back her wand. "Thank you, Dobby," she said. "You are welcome, Mistress," Dobby said. "Dobby must return to London." "Of course," Ginny agreed. Once he left, she relaxed. Looking over at her children, she smiled. "You did really well." She picked up Titania and kissed her on the cheek. Perseus and Orion hugged her and she put an arm around their shoulders. "You have to leave?" Perseus asked. "Not yet, love," Ginny reassured him. "When I leave, Lia and Mimi will look after you." Seeing his downcast face, Ginny silently cursed her husband for the millionth time. "Why don't we all go outside? Let's go up to the nursery and get changed. We can play outside." Perking up both boys ran to the stairs with Titania not far behind. Ginny followed at a more sedate pace. She was going to change into jeans before going outside. The warmth of the mid-summer sun shone down on her as Ginny slowly relaxed. Whenever Draco visited, she was always on edge. He delighted in tormenting her. When she'd first been installed out here in the country house, she thought it would be fun to get some baby chicks. Her mother had always had chickens. Draco had been furious when he'd found out. She vividly remembered him dragging her outside and snapping the necks of the baby chicks one by one before destroying the little pen she'd made for them. He'd reminded her she was now a Malfoy, not a poor blood-traitor. She was never to embarrass him in that way again. Pushing her husband out of her mind, she smiled at the sight of her children playing together. It had been raining most of the week, so it was a relief to get out of the house and let them play. Orion and Perseus were supposed to be playing tag, but mostly they were splashing in the mud puddles. Titania, was busy collecting flowers to make a flower chain. As if realizing her mother was watching her, Titania looked up and smiled. Ginny returned the smile and blew the little girl a kiss. If Orion and Perseus favoured their father, Titania was all her. From her bright red hair and big brown eyes to the smile that Ginny saw every day in the mirror, her daughter was her in miniature. A sense of contentment stole over her as she warmed herself in the sun. When she was with her children, she could pretend that everything was okay. When she was outside, she didn't have to look around the perfectly elegant mansion in which she lived and miss her parents' home. While Malfoy Manor was incredibly elegant, it was also cold and sterile, not like the loud and loving home in which she'd grown up. Eight years ago, she would never have imagined that she'd find herself in this situation. It had all started in the autumn of her seventh year at Hogwarts. The war had ended over the summer and everyone was so relieved and happy. The fear and apprehension that they'd lived under for so long had evaporated almost overnight. There were parties and fireworks, all sorts of celebrations. Her parents had thrown a huge party for their family and friends at their family home, The Burrow, to celebrate. Diagon Alley was a joyous place, not the dreary and scary place it had been for the past several years. Shopping for her school supplies had been a joy that year, not a task to be hurriedly completed as it had been for so many years. She recalled sitting in the Great Hall with her friends enjoying breakfast. Demelza and Julia were her best friends in Gryffindor. After her disastrous first year, it had taken her some time to find her place, but she'd finally made some good friends. She was a Chaser on the Gryffindor team, towards the top of most of her classes, and best of all she didn't have an older brother looking over her shoulder this year. This was going to be a wonderful year! As she reached for another few slices of bacon, the morning owls flew down to deliver their messages and packages. Ginny watched with interest as Demelza unwrapped the latest edition of Witch Weekly . "Harry Potter!" Julia squealed as she caught sight of the handsome young man on the front of the magazine. Ginny looked over at the magazine with interest. She couldn't deny that she was curious about the reclusive and mysterious man who had saved them all. She knew he was only a year older than she was, but he hadn't been educated at Hogwarts. According to all of the rumours, he'd been in training most of his life. He'd openly come out against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named four years ago and had been one of the leaders of the resistance. Over the summer he had killed You-Know-Who in a huge battle in a town called Little Hangleton. Ginny's father and older brothers had fought in the battle and luckily they had all escaped with their lives. Two of