AN: I am so sorry everyone, since I am new at this, I am trying to figure out what I am doing. I accidentally uploaded the wrong chapter version, I apologize in advance to everyone, I will make sure that this doesn't happen again. Standard Disclaimer applies.. I do not own, Chapter 1: New Begginings They say in life that you must embrace the darkness within yourself to truly find the light. I really don't know about that, but sometimes it seems is that all life is a constant myriad of blackened shapes swirling around into a cornucopia of an abyss. Yes, I know it seems off in some way but that is how I feel. And now, I don't have any idea on what to think. See the thing is I just moved. Leaving behind everyone I ever knew, to move into this small town in the middle of nowhere. I am not upset in the least… sigh. No, not at all. That sarcasm, can you feel it? I guess it stems from; I didn't have much to lose in the first place. My life, up until now, has not been the picture-perfect picket fence mom, dad, and 2.5 kid life. Oh no… it has been quite the opposite. I am, for all intents and purposes, what is called a "ward of the state," which is a fancy term for-I have no family to speak of. I have no clue who my parents are, from what my case worker had told me I was found wandering around Rocky national forest when I was about 2. And even though the state tried to locate my parents, the search came up empty. So they gave me a name. Bella and gave me a birthday, April first. Kind of ironic don't you think? Considering that my entire existence seems to be one big cosmic joke. Anyway. That brings us back to the now. For the past couple years I have been living in a group home. They are dreadful places indeed. I don't know if you know anything about group homes but there is nothing "groupish" about them. They are run by people who have taken a gazillion course in psychology of teenagers and children. But most of them don't have any of their own. Oh the irony of that thought. HA -HA. And the great thing is that you have no room for individuality, you're kind of at their mercy, when they say jump, you say how high, and if you do not do their bidding then you get the few privileges' that you have earned stripped away. Like, for instance, An hour to watch a TV program or maybe get to sleep in a half-hour on the weekends. It is stuff like that the picket fence families take for granted, you know the ability to go to the bathroom without permission. I guess though it is not so bad, I do have somewhere to sleep and food in my stomach. Again, I think I really messed up in a previous life, and this is being bitch slapped by karma. If things get any worse, though I will wish to be reincarnated as an amoeba, that way I won't remember any of my next existence. "Bella?" I turned my head, just in time to see my Case worker Mrs. Cope come out of the staff office. She has constantly been the most severe of ladies, always mocking and condescending, sometimes I wonder why she ever became a case worker in the first place; it is quite apparent that she does not like children, or maybe it is that she just doesn't like me. In any case, she is here, standing in the doorway looking like a cross between a basset hound and petunia pig. Her graying hair stretched back into a severe looking bun, which makes her beady eyes take on more of a slant and her clothes ugh. They are always two sizes too small, which causes her extra rolls of fat to squeeze through buttonholes of her jacket. Sighing I focus back on the TV that is playing rerun cartoons. She has always made my life unbearable I wonder what she has cooked up now. The foster homes that I have lived in the past were horrible at best. And at least here, I knew I was safe, and they had taken somewhat care of me. I watched the technicolor images fly across the screen trying to block out her mere presence. "Bella" Again, Mrs. Copes grating voice echoed through the room. I guess there is no avoiding the inevitable; she is the person who has dictated my whole life after all. I slowly rise from the couch in an attempt to annoy her; I know it is juvenile, but I cannot seem to help myself. She is for sure the bane of my existence. I trudged over to stand before her in the doorway eyes cast down staring at the burnt orange shag carpet that covers the day room "Come in the office, so we can talk." Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her gesture with her arm and walk into the staff office. I begrudgingly followed and plopped down into one of the orange plastic chairs in the corner before I looked up. Mrs. Cope had already taken her place in front of the ancient desk that occupied 1/3 of the floor space in the office with her big arms crossed over her chest. I noticed that she had a run in her pantyhose. I sniggered; she is truly the most disgusting piggish person I have had the misfortune of knowing. I scowled at her, but it did not phase her. She just began talking. "As I am sure you were told this morning by the morning staff, we have found you a new situation." I hate when she calls them situations, she should just say another hell hole to live at. "And I also know that you have repeatedly expressed that you didn't want to get moved again since you turn 18 in 8 months. However, I must say that this opportunity was too good to pass off." At that she sneered with the last syllable. My mind starting whirring about praying that this would not be like other homes I had been in when I was younger. I looked at Mrs. Cope and said one simple word that would seal my fate "When?" "Well, since the paperwork is already taken care of we will leave to her house as soon as you have your things packed. She is expecting us around noon. She is a delightful woman. No children. You will be her only charge. So now, run along upstairs and pack your belongings... It is about a 30 min drive to Manitou Springs." "Manitou Springs!" I shouted; Jumping up from the chair. "I don't want to move there. I like it here and I won't know anyone there. It's not fair. Please let me stay here just until I turn 18. I won't bother anyone." I pleaded. Mrs. Cope just shook her head and bellowed "Go. Pack. Now… you don't have a choice." She then turned away from me and started fiddling with something on the desk. I can feel my eyes begin to burn as I fought tears that were trying to invade my eyes... I would not have it... She could not see me cry. I was tough. I needed to be tough. I cannot let anyone see any weakness. I quickly fled stumbling over to the staircase that leads to the basement, or more importantly my room for the last hand full of years. The door resonated with a bang as I threw it open into the wall. I made a b-line for my bed, the one that I will never sleep in again. I sank onto it, not being able to hold back the sobs and the tears. When will my life ever be mine? It is too much to ask to be able to decide what I do, where I go, where I live. Granted, this place is not ideal, but it is all I have had; I am not even going to get a chance to say good-bye to my roommates. They are right now at school. School which is where I should be. Through my blurred vision, I looked at the three other empty beds. It is not that we were particularly close; they were just here temporarily while they worked on issues with their families. But, just the same we had a connection the 4 of us girls knew what it was like to be outcasts. I wiped the tears off my face and slid onto the floor to pull out the warn suitcase that I have used many times transporting what little I owned from one situation to another. I was hoping that the last time I used it would be when I was a free woman, an adult with the whole world at me feet. That did not happen. I placed it on my bed and with a click, the rusted latches opened. It did not take me long to pack. Clothes being the only thing in my possession, they were cast offs from local second-hand stores. I didn't really mind I have at no time been fashion conscious anyway. I have no pictures since I have no family. I looked around the room once more. I have a ritual and say good-bye to the room that I lived in. Pouring in positive thoughts, hoping that it will be better for the next person who comes along, also putting closure to the past that cannot and will never be again. That I suppose is why I have survived so long with my mental status in check. Not dwelling on the- coulda, shoulda, would have beens in life. Taking it a day at a time. Backing out of the room, I poured all the happy memories I could into feeling and slowly inched toward the door. Good-bye…... Was the only thing I left. Quickly, I took the stairs two at a time back onto the main floor. And yelled out to Mrs. Cope. "I'm ready" there would be no tears from me. I cannot let her know that she has affected me. Even the begging earlier I didn't mean it... It was just a teenager trying to get her way. Like all teenagers do. I walked into the day room and my caseworker extraordinaire… do you hear the cynicism dripping from that?…. Good! She was already waddling to the front door… walking sideways to fit through it. I followed her. Mrs. Cope reached the car first. I always hated riding in the car with her. She took up over half of the front seat... rolls of girth spilling over into the passenger side. I could visibly see the sedan drop with the amount of her excess weight. I walked down the sidewalk and placed my suitcase in the back seat. I then clamored into the front seat to get settled. As soon as I closed the door, the nauseating smell of pork rinds and mothballs filled my nose... I almost gag every time I ride in her car. Nasty. I quickly rolled down the window gasping for fresh air. Then we were off. As always, rides with Mrs. Cope were silent. Me not wanting to hear her gruff voice and her not ever saying anything at all. This suits me fine. I stared blankly out the window not seeing the passing structures, just blurs of color. I was familiar with Colorado Springs. The group home is on the very southern border of the city. It isn't a booming metropolis, but it does have its charms. Not that I have really seen any of the said charms. They don't take wards on family picnics in the mountains or spelunking at the cave