I Dare You, Heart Emerald eyes observed the room from the far wall obscured in shadows with narrowed eyes. Slytherin had won the game against Gryffindor today, which had practically ensured them the House Cup, as well as the Quidditch cup, of course. And now everybody in Slytherin was celebrating here in the Common room. Good god. He thought Gryffindor parties, back in his time, had been epic. This... this was something else. The Slytherins must have some kind of an unspoken rule (or a magically binding contract, knowing Slytherins), that what happens at these parties stays there, because no self-respecting Slytherin would let anybody get this much blackmail on themselves. All the songs of the most popular bands of the wizarding world where booming over the room. There was alcohol everywhere. They were practically swimming in it-... was that a Jacuzzi there, filled with whiskey? Well, anyway, alcohol was everywhere and so was what seemed to be some kind of small potions exchanging hands and being shot down. What really surprised the green-eyed boy, however, were the cigars that some of the purebloods were smoking. He had heard about the wizarding world's own tobacco industry, though he hadn't seen anybody smoking one before. Everybody from fourth year up was present. At least, those that hadn't already slinked away to their rooms with a lover in tow or those that hadn't yet passed out somewhere. They were all gathered in groups of various shapes and sizes, doing Merlin knows what. And there, in his usual seat in front of the fireplace, was him . Green eyes narrowed further. Tom Marvolo Riddle. The Head Boy, Heir and King of Slytherin, Prodigy of the Century, Heartthrob of the girls and even quite a few boys, Model student, and an Aspiring Dark Lord a.k.a. Lord Voldemort. He was sipping from his wine glass while reading a book in the middle of all this. Surrounding him were his followers, or at least half of them. The other half was probably showing some girl around their dorm already, aside from Nott who was with one of the side groups doing… something disturbing with a plant. They were all definitely drunk and Lestrange would probably hit the lights in a few moments, considering the way he was swaying in his seat. But not Riddle. No, Riddle was probably the only other person in this room, besides Harry, who was substantially sober. Harry took a gulp of his own butterbeer at that thought, and continued observing the wild Slytherins in their natural habitat. It was the beginning of April, but the Common room was uncommonly (he snorted at the choice of wording) warm right now. Probably because of all the people here making the space heat up. Glancing around in the room he was sure that the space wasn't the only thing these girls were heating up. School uniforms had definitely not been this short and revealing a few hours ago and, averting his eyes quickly, he didn't think some of the couples were still in minor second base anymore. Next to Riddle was Malfoy with a lap full of Walburga Black, who was switching between sucking on Malfoy's neck and tongue. Harry suppressed a smirk. He couldn't wait to see both of their faces tomorrow, should they remember it. If not, he could definitely work something up to, subtly, remind them. Subconsciously, his eyes slid back to Riddle again. He wouldn't have believed that he would let something like this happen in his presence, but as it is, he didn't seem to pay too much attention to the on goings in the Common room tonight. Despite the total apocalypse taking place, everybody still somehow managed to avoid stepping into Riddles personal bubble that had quite a wide radius. This didn't surprise Harry. Considering all that he's heard and seen, they were smart to stay away from Riddle. Even though he was a snake, he would rip anybody that overstepped their boundaries apart like a vicious lion. Almost against his will, his eyes ripped themselves away from Riddle, to one of the corners of the room. There, in the low light, he saw two girls heatedly whispering and throwing glances towards the subject of his earlier observation. He was about to dismiss them and go back to (disdainfully) staring at Riddle, when one of the girls straightened her back and started heading towards the Dark-Lord-in-the-making on unsteady legs and swaying hips. He recognized her as Melisandre Carrow. And the one who had stayed in the corner, with a wicked smirk on her lips, was Dorothy Parkinson. Oh boy. He didn't know if he should close his eyes or just go ahead and watch the catastrophe about to take place. With a half resigned, half gleeful sigh he turned to the scene about to play off in front of him. Oh, this should be good. There is some popcorn on the table next to him. Better take the whole bowl. Carrow faltered and seemed to have lost some of her alcohol induced courage when she reached the edge of Riddles personal bubble, but shook her head determinedly and took the few remaining steps forward, to reach his armchair. When her presence went completely unacknowledged by him for about half a minute she decided to make a move and clear her throat to get his attention. Harry was sure he was the only one to see Riddle's eye twitch a little at that and took another mouthful of popcorn. Carrow's face, which was already a bit blotchy from drinking, got even redder (whether from anger of embarrassment, Harry didn't know) with Riddles continual ignoring. She seemed to take in a deep breath and stuck one of her hips out, leaning a hand against it. "Hey, Tom!" Harry was sure she intended it to come out sultry and flirtatious, but the alcohol in her had other plans so, instead, she looked like she might throw up at any second. Harry almost choked on his butterbeer. "I'm hearing alof'f rumours con-concerning how you feel about me t'night, so I'm here to make things clear. Yes , I will marry you in France the day after graduation and sure, I'll let you name two of our chil- children . Now, le's go make love." Harry considered closing his eyes again after hearing that, but it was like watching a horror movie, knowing there will be a jump scare any second. He didn't want to look but he couldn't tear his eyes away. He couldn't even risk reaching for his popcorn at that moment, worrying he might miss something or ruin the moment. That poor girl. You will be remembered. He doubted he could ever wipe this scene from his memories, even if he tried. From the corner of his eyes he saw Parkinson approaching Riddle from the back, but holding her distance for now. Tom Riddle finally raised his gaze then, and pierced it right though the girl standing in front of him, flesh, bone, soul and all. He put his wine glass on the side table next to his chair and rose to stand in front of the girl, who now looked like a deer caught in the headlights. In Harry's perspective, she should've looked more like a baby zebra in the jaws of a crocodile. Blame the alcohol, he guessed, shrugging his shoulders. Riddle then leaned towards Carrow and started to softly whisper into her ear. If Harry hadn't known better, and hadn't seen Carrow's face, which was paling with every second, he might have thought he was whispering sweet promises of eternal love to her. But as it is, he was probably breathing devastating, crushing, and terrifying words into her head that will stay there for years, if not a lifetime, and will ensure she never looks in his direction again. At the same time Parkinson swiftly pulled something out of her pocket and slipped it into Riddle's unfinished wine, where it dissolved in seconds. Well. This was tenser and more dramatic than a good telenovela. The popcorn bowl was empty. Were those chips over there? Yes. Riddle suddenly straightened and sat back down onto his chair and resumed reading, as if nothing had just happened. Carrow stood at the same spot for a couple of seconds more, before she seemed to remember how to function and then she was gone, up the stairs in a flash, tears trailing down her face. Harry was quite impressed she hadn't fallen face first into the Jacuzzi, on her mad dash to the stairs, considering her earlier difficulties with walking. Parkinson had also moved away by then and blended into the nearby crowd. She was still in Harry's line of sight, however, and kept a firm gaze on Riddle and his drink. After a while Riddle reached for the wine glass again and brought it slowly to his lips. He paused though, just before taking a sip, and looked down at the red liquid. Harry was sure that it wasn't anything poisonous in there, considering it was Parkinson who had smuggled it in there, and looking at her expression now, which was glued to Riddle at that moment, he was quite sure what effect she expected it to have on Riddle. Finally, Riddle took a long gulp of his wine and suddenly…nothing happened. He set the glass down again and turned a page. Harry was on the edge of his metaphorical seat right then and Parkinson was basically vibrating where she stood. A minute went by – nothing, three – Riddle took another sip, five – nada. After fifteen minutes, Harry decided that he should reconsider his faith in Parkinson, because that girl was clearly off her game. Harry was just about to sullenly head to his bed when he noticed Riddle rubbing his eyes and furrowing his brows. After a while, it became clear that he wasn't reading anymore, his already pale complex turning a shade paler as a thin coat of perspiration started to form on his brow. He tried to rise from the seat, but started to sway on his feet instantly. Parkinson was there in a moment, wiggling her way under his arm for mock support as she started whispering something, intending to be calming and soothing no doubt, to him. At the beginning, Harry was content to just smile and wave at them from his corner, for he was certain that Riddle had this coming to him for being such an insufferable arse to him for the whole year he had spent at Hogwarts of this time so far, and becoming the monster from his nightmares in the future. But, as he looked at Riddle's helpless form being dragged towards the stairs by that pug faced Parkinson, he just couldn't suppress the guilt that was beginning to gnaw at him. And a few other emotions, that had no right to be there, surged when he watched as that wench dragged her fingers over his jaw and brushed her full lips across the shell of his ear. Okay, show's over. They were already halfway up the stairs when he got to them. Riddle was getting worse by the minute and now he was having trouble standing up. Parkinson was half dragging half carrying him, but it seemed she had reached her limit as Riddle somehow wrenched himself away from her grasp and leaned against the stone wall with one hand. "...Come on now, we are almost there. Just a little bit more. Then we can have some proper fun." She was saying to him, in that annoying voice of hers. She reached for him again and was about to go back to dragging him, no doubt, when he stepped in. "Get your filthy hands off him." Harry said in a low voice, surprising even himself by the coldness of his tone. "Wha-...Evans? What do you want?" She sneered at him pretentiously. "I said get the hell away from