Disclaimer: I own no Tolkien characters or places, as much as I would like to claim the Elvenking as mine! I mean no disrespect to Thranduil in any way; I merely strive to show that he does indeed have a fun side to him. He's my favorite elf so I would never make fun of him! This story was inspired by Cenor as we chatted about another, more serious dancing story. Much of my inspiration is obviously drawn from dances and songs in our own world, some of which I actively enjoy doing, and others which I have not yet had the pleasure of learning. I also owe the encyclopedia contributors in for making easy access to places and people, as well as those who have contributed to the language dictionaries. I hope you all enjoy this strange tale; feel free to comment and tell me what you think! No one knows what happened to the Elvenking that fateful night. Laughter filled the air as the elves continued their merrymaking, passing the wine around as they feasted on their scrumptious delicacies. The summer flowers wafted their heavenly smell into the air, blending with that of the smorgasbord. While in our world technicality states that the host sits at the head of the table and the hostess at the foot, it is done otherwise in the halls of the Elvenking. He insisted his wife sit at his right hand and son at the left, which satisfied them just fine, perhaps a bit too much on the part of the Elvenqueen Arabesque, who always enjoyed being close to her beloved husband. Everyone around them laughed and enjoyed themselves immensely. Now, it must be understood that there were few elves in Mirkwood these days; most had either moved elsewhere or gone to the Undying Lands, since the War of the Ring had ended many years prior. However, they decided to celebrate because Legolas had come for a visit from Ithilien; he realized his father and mother needed him to visit and what better excuse for a party? Now that the world was pretty much at peace with itself, the elves could live their lives more like what they desired: quietly yet with some merriment from time to time; those who chose to stay wanted to enjoy the peace. Thranduil himself took part in this festive time, chuckling at the corny jokes his subjects made and actually enjoying himself rather immensely. His wife, Arabesque, looked on in amusement. Just what had gotten into her beloved? However, whatever it was looked well on him, making him all the more handsome in her loving eyes. Although some suspect otherwise, he only had two glasses of wine; the rest of the time he drank either coffee punch or lemon water. Neither were the delicious mushrooms hallucinogenic; these fungi were no different than the elves would have at any other time. However, something affected stoic and somber Thranduil's demeanor for the better. In fact, he could not recall the last time he had had fun. Feeling especially rambunctious, the Elvenking seized the opportunity to have a good time with his wife. He leaned close and his soft lips tickled her ear, "I love you, Meleth*!" As she moved closer, her hushed reply came, "And I love you!" Then the Ruler or Mirkwood had an uncharacteristically cheeky thought, "How about we embarrass Legolas a bit?" he wagged his eyebrows enticingly, something his wife found hard to resist, and then he winked at her. Arabesque daintily covered her mouth with a napkin to hide her giggles. Then she leaned even closer and he captured her lips with his in a long, sweet kiss. His lips tasted like chocolate and coffee and the Elvenqueen sighed with contentment. At that moment, Legolas looked towards his parents and caught their public display of affection, thus he turned bright red. "Ada, Naneth, please!" he begged. His protests were met with a bemused glare from both parents. "Is it now against the law for an elf to kiss his wife?" Thranduil challenged, utterly enjoying himself. Their son knew better than to argue. "I suppose not. But do you have to do it in front of me?" Arabesque grinned at her son. "Yes, I believe we do!" She kissed her husband again, much to Legolas' chagrin and the bemusement of the other guests. I must speak with the cellar keepers about this wine and coffee punch. It seems to be much too strong tonight. Just what has happened with my parents since I moved out? Legolas contemplated, then decided to ignore his parents and try to fellowship with the other elves. Turning to some of his musical friends, he had an idea. "Would you all mind playing some of our new songs? Perhaps this will help calm the strange spirit among us." "Absolutely! As long as the Elvenking does not mind, that is." Being the only elf ruler left in Middle Earth, Thranduil was held in awe by most of the other elves, even those who did not live in Mirkwood. Thus they did not want to upset him with anything he might deem "nonsense"; they still saw him as the stoic and unemotional ruler he had been back in the days of Bilbo Baggins. A female elf bravely turned her attention to Thranduil to pose their inquiry, noticing he and his wife had stopped necking for a bit. "Elvenking Thranduil, would you mind if my friends and I play some new music we have picked up in Ithilien?" Husband and wife turned to each other, their gaze unable to be deciphered by anyone else. Then the Elvenking looked to the elf-maiden, "Go right ahead! I have grown rather tired of all our old Mirkwood ballads, Rivendell ditties, and Lothlórien chants. Something new sounds lovely!" The elf sighed in relief, then gathered her friends to commence their playing. What they failed to tell him is the influence for all their new musical genres came from an unlikely source of which he might not approve if he knew. The first song ended up being something like a salsa. Maracas, drums, and woodwinds dominated the catchy tune. Thranduil, sitting at the head of the table, could not help but sway to the beat. His feet started tapping seemingly on their own, and his hands began to delicately move to complement the music. Legolas had just stuffed his face with a huge bite of chocolate cake when his father questioned him, "What is this called? It is such a catchy tune!" Choking and spluttering, the younger elf unceremoniously gulped down the mouthful and got a quick swig of coffee punch. "I think it originated in Harad and is called something like salsarion .** A dance goes with it." "Interesting! It does have that desert sun sort of flavor, now that you mention it." Soon he got up on the dance floor and attempted to dance to this exciting new music. A pretty female elf noticed his struggles and grabbed his hands. "Here, my Elvenking, let me show you how it's done!" She started to sway her body to the beat, feet moving back and forth in a mambo. "When you go forward, I go backward. So for you, start with your left foot and it's forward-two-three, and back-two-three. Once you feel confident, you can do it sideways and even turn!" Soon Thranduil caught on and was swaying around, not caring what anyone thought. Much to everyone's amusement, his hips swayed in time to the beat, making his lower half seem rather Latino instead of elvish. Even his hand movements complemented both the steps and music perfectly and he would on occasion break from his partner's grasp to add in some flare. What an interesting sight, the royally dressed Thranduil dancing like a Hispanic! Arabesque laughed out loud, then hijacked her husband as she picked up on the moves. Soon they were the best-looking couple on the floor, their hips swaying in perfect synchronization. "Thranduil, I wish we knew about this sooner! That beat is so amazing, much peppier than our usual music!" "It is, isn't it? We shall have to add this to our future parties!" They placed their hands on each other's hips, feeling the beat as it coursed within their veins. Legolas looked on, horrified at his parents' display of indignity (at least in his eyes!). He ran up to his father, "Ada, what are you doing? You will embarrass the entire kingdom!" He turned to his mother, hoping to get a response from one of them. "Naneth, why do you allow him to do this?" But his mother only smiled and sashayed in his direction, attempting to make him join their dance, which he refused. Turning back to Thranduil, Legolas grabbed his arm and tried to pull him away. "Why don't you let me help you to your room and you can sleep it off?" The Mirkwood prince tugged on his father's arm more fervently, but he effectively pushed him away, rather unamused. "Legolas, you are the one who brought these elves here. Lighten up! You need to join us!" he laughed, enjoying that he'd horrified his son. Arabesque joined in the merriment, finding it humorous to embarrass her son after all the times he had mortified her. They wiggled their hips more vigorously in his direction, much to his chagrin. Legolas sighed and walked out to his own chambers, extremely discomfited. Why did he think visiting Mirkwood with some friends was a good idea? Back on the dance floor, things got wilder. The partygoers moved outdoors under the starlight and some set up a large tent, which ended up full of moth holes. However, the starlight shone through the hollows, causing a plethora of light looking remarkably like that which shines from a disco ball. Then the visiting elves started playing something akin to disco. Drums pounded out a strange beat to the Mirkwood elves; the emphasis tended to be on bars two and four rather than one and three, as they were accustomed. A few woodwinds joined the drums, belting out an interesting ditty. The same elf maid showed Thranduil how the dance was done; Arabesque got a bit jealous when she noticed the lovely maiden sidle up to her husband. She came up as the impudent girl was talking. "Elvenking Thranduil, this style of dance is actually similar to the first. You can just stand and sway your hips back and forth, like this," she demonstrated, and the Elvenqueen glared at her. "Excuse me!" she exclaimed, a bit rude and gruff because she was upset and not afraid to show it; a woman can't live with Thranduil for thousands of years and not pick up on some of his bluntness. "That is MY husband with whom you are dancing. Kindly unhand him and leave him alone!" The elf maid cowered, never having seen a fierce Elvenqueen before. "Yes, your majesty, I'll just go over there…" she quickly sidled off. Thranduil laughed at his wife. "My goodness, a bit jealous, are we?" He received a deep glare in return, so he kissed her. Arabesque felt better after that and they joined in the upbeat dance. Soon he did the mashed potato and other moves. Hips swaying fervently from side to side, he pointed his finger to the beat and bobbed his head. Arabesque was beside him and again complemented his moves, swaying her hips in the opposite direction, giving their viewers a rather seasick feeling as they tried to make sense of who was doing what. Then an elf ran up with a pair of newfangled things called "sunglasses" in bright colors (Thranduil's was electric blue, and Arabesque's hot pink) and shaped like stars. The rulers looked quite vogue in their new style! Then, the Elvenqueen started to shimmy around her husband, and he soon followed suit, now both shoulders and hips swaying in time to the beat as they flirted with each other.