Thanks for taking the time to read our story. We would really appreciate reviews on how we are doing and how we can improve. Also if you like the story please tell us because we are currently working on a sequel to Capitol Deception. Chapter 1 I shift onto my side in the small bed that I share with my sister, her dark brown hair sloppily fanned out across the pillow. I look to my left and gaze at the dirty glass encased in the window pane, the sun is just now deciding to make its presence known to the world and a few rays filter in through the clouds. I release a sigh and slowly make my way out of the comfortable bed being careful not to wake my sister. I pull on my hunting boots and expertly tuck my worn down cargo pants into the sides. Slipping on my dad's old hunting jacket I stride over to the door, only stopping to glance at my mother and little brother Jace snuggled comfortably in their own bed. Opening the door I'm instantly hit with a cool breeze, I savor it only for a moment before breaking into a slow jog to the fence that surrounds District 12. As I approach it, constantly making sure no one is following me, I listen for the hum that warns me the fence is live with electricity, there is none. I shimmy under the hole in the fence that is concealed by a bush and make a bee line for the rotten stump where I hide my weapons. I retrieve my bow and arrows and begin my hunt. Two hours later my efforts are rewarded when I have three rabbits and two squirrels in my game bag that I carried with me to the woods. That's when I spot it, a doe just standing in the clearing right ahead of me. It has no clue that as I raise my bow I am preparing to end its life, I mean why wouldn't I? This one deer could feed five families. I'm just about to release the arrow when- "Hey Ander! You caught anything yet?" Gale. He knew good and well that I was about to kill that deer! "What the heck Gale!" I scream as I stomp over to him and punch him in the arm. "Why would you do that I haven't seen a deer in months!" I'm still shouting because I'm furious, and what is Gale doing, standing there with a smirk on his face! "You forgot didn't you" he says, forgot what could I have forgotten its just- oh no. The reaping, I guess my theory of "block it out and try to forget that its Sally's first year" worked a little too well. "Yes" I begrudgingly admit to Gale, now I know why he stopped me from shooting that deer, he knows I wouldn't miss and that our district is crawling with peacekeepers who are trying to make up for their leniency on rule breakers on this oh so I'm important day. I roll my eyes. "Gale next time you do that I'm going to shoot you in the foot" I state. He knows not to mess with me during a hunt. After that I sock him in the arm for good measure and to wipe the cocky grin off of his face. "Come on Ander" he chuckles pulling my arm and dragging me back towards the fence. I follow him knowing that its high time I get home and pretty myself up, wouldn't want to disgust the capitolites when they see us on screen at the reaping, note the sarcasm. We reach the tree line before the fence and I stop and turn to my best friend. "Gale please promise me you won't get picked". He reaches over and grabs me pulling me into a hug. I wrap my arms around him. "You know I can't do that Ander" he says. "I know you can't" I sigh into his chest "but it would make me feel better to hear you say it". "Alright then" he sighs. I give him a squeeze and turn back to the fence to crawl under when he speaks again. "wear something pretty" he snickers, knowing that I despise dresses. I give him a dismissive wave, "oh shut up" I huff. I crawl back under and begin the trek back to my house, well more like shack, its basically one unstable room with a leaky roof and rotting side boards. But I love it, its my home. Its where my father taught me to sing and I made daisy chains with sally and chased Jace around the meadow beside it. But being from the seam, the poorest part of District 12, you couldn't expect much out of our little house. We were lucky, we eat better than half of the district because my dad taught me to hunt before he died. Dad. I know it would break his heart knowing that his youngest daughter has her first reaping today. All this crosses my mind as I walk back to our house. I open the door to find that Sally, Jace, and Mom have all dressed and left my clothes laid out on my bed. I smile at them and scurry off to the small tub where I try to scrub off all the coal dust that accumulates over literally everything in this freaking district. Afterward I pull on the worn down gray dress that my mother lent to me, pulled my hair back into the ponytail that consistently adorns my head and slip on my old shoes that are much too tight. But who cares about shoes when its a struggle just to put food on the table. Walking out of the small bathroom I spot something strange with Sally's hair. I hurry over to her and re braid it considering that she had done it herself and left many pieces out of place. In no less than a minute I am finished, I used to braid my hair every day, until I had it cut off at my collarbone and sold. We needed the money. Now my straight dark blonde hair is tossed into a ponytail every morning before I go to hunt. Sally looks up at me, she's short for a twelve year old and I'm considered tall for a 17 year old girl, her warm blue eyes that are so similar to mine are swelling with tears. I know that she tries to put on a brave face and pretend that she isn't scared of the reaping, she says that she is going to be strong like me, but what she doesn't know is that I'm not strong I'm weak and pathetic and scared to death that her name will be the one plucked from the reaping ball. But I hide it. I'm the protector and provider of these children and my mother, who completely checked out when my dad died in a mine explosion. So I put on my impassive mask and do what needs to be done, not dwelling on the past and letting a tear claw its way out of my eye and down my face. I bend down and wrap my little sister in a tight hug and tell he she will be fine, I mean she will be right? Her name is only in there once. I tell her that also. Then Jace wobbles over and scoots in between us, he is five and doesn't understand what is going on. He wraps his arms as far as they will go around Sally and she stops crying. I tug her up gently "Come on duckie" I coo using the nickname my father gave her long ago. She stands and we all exit the house and trudge to the town square, checking in a taking our respective places in the roped off areas depending on age. I spot Gale in the 18 year old section and flash him a hesitant smile. The time of impending death is upon us, and the entire district knows it. Its thick in the air, threatening to smother the helpless starving children who each have a slip, if their lucky, or multiple slips in the glass balls that rest on the stage. That's when I see her, our district escort Effie Trinket, hopping along the stage in her extremely high and pointy heels. I wish I could stab her with them. She is dressed in a green so bright that it burns my eyes and has a wig to match it. I roll my eyes. This is what controls our country. No wonder were all starving, they wouldn't know common sense if it came up and slapped them square in the face. The worst part thought is when she opens her mouth, her capitol accent ringing in my eardrums. "Welcome, Welcome. The time has come to select one brave young man and woman for the honor of representing District 12 in the 74th annual Hunger Games!" she pipes. "Honor, please. The only out of this with honor if your reaped is to kill yourself so some Career docent have the joy of doing it" I think to myself. Then the green woman speaks up again, blabbering on about the same crap she does every year like, "the capitols generosity" lies, I scold in my mind. Or "how merciful president snow is" that right there is the biggest load of bull crap out of all the fabricated rehearsed lies they shove down our throats. I ignore everything else until Effie trills "as usual, ladies first". I hold my breath involuntarily as I silently plead that its not me pulled out of the ball. And, it isn't "Sally Evanthe". No. No, how could this happen! It was one slip, one freaking slip out of thousands! I regain my coherency just in time to see Sally hesitantly walk towards the stage, then I lose it. "I volunteer!" I shout as loud as I can. "I volunteer as tribute". Sally whips her head around and stares at me as if I'm dressed in the same color as Effie. I jog up to the stage, earning sorrowful looks from everyone in the crowd. That just makes me angrier, I don't want their pity, in need to look strong and confident if I'm going to get out of this alive. "No!" sally screams. She starts running toward me and latches herself onto my dress begging me not to do this. "Let go." I tell her. She stays. "Sally I said let. Go." I say it more sternly this time and she releases my dress just as Gale scoops her up. She is thrashing and kicking and screaming for me but I just nod in thanks to Gale and begin to mount the stage. I'm about to reach the first step when I feel something wrap around my ankle. No, I think. Because I know exactly who did it, its Jace. I look down into his gray eyes that are filled with tears because he knows that this means I'm going away and might not come back. I pick him up and plant a kiss on his forehead, I whisper "I love you, its OK" to him and pass him to my mother who has run out of the crowd to collect her son. I still remain strong, keeping an impassive nearly bored look plastered on my face, making sure there is no fear in my eyes. I climb onto the stage. "My my my" Effie says "District 12's very first volunteer, what's your name dear"? "Oleander Evanthe" I state with a clear strong voice. "Well I bet my hat that was your sister" Effie comments. "Yes" I boom into the microphone in front of me even stronger than my first reply. "Well lovely" she pipes "District 12 meet your very first volunteer Oleander Evanthe". "And now for the boys!"