The Midnight Haven - Prologue Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings or anything. I hope you enjoy the prologue of 'The Midnight Haven' and I hope you will leave a review of what you thought of it. Bad or Good. Constructive criticism is always welcome. OoOoOo The night was dark and gloomy as seven girls: Billie, Naomi, Isla, Wren, Vanessa, Ula and Elsa watched the Lord of the Rings trilogy, they were just nearing the end of the Fellowship of the Ring where Boromir was being shot in the chest three times by that bastard archer created by Saruman. Wren, who wore her dark hair in a boyish bob, glowered at the screen, her grey eyes shining slightly as she tried not to cry at her crushes death. Isla had one of Wren's hand in hers as she too fought back tears, although she fancied Aragorn, she still had a soft spot for Boromir. Mostly because he was played by Sean Bean but still. Isla had red curls and blues eyes. Vanessa, Isla's sister, had Wren's other hand as tears rolled down her tanned skin from her teary green eyes, she also had red hair like her sister. Vanessa's crush was Legolas but she still wished Boromir wouldn't die. Billie watched the scene silently. She wore her blonde hair in a pixie cut with her side fringe swept right over one of her green eyes. She liked Pippin and was eagerly awaiting the Two Towers. As was Naomi who had blonde curls and hazel eyes, and fancied Merry. Ula and Elsa held each others hands as well as they watched their respective crushes Frodo and Sam head alone towards Mordor. Ula had blonde curls and blue eyes, Elsa, Ula's half-sister had brown hair and blue eyes. Although they knew what would happen, as they had seen the films more than a dozen times, they were still completely and utterly awesome. All seven of the girls then jumped suddenly as the lights went out and the TV turned off. "What in the name of Loki was that?" Isla asked, startled. Billie and Wren snorted at her phrasing of the question as Wren shrugged helplessly. Naomi shot up "Is it a power cut? Have you got candles? Can we light them? Have you got torches? Ha-" Vanessa whacked the blonde over the head with a cushion. "Shut up Naomi, you are so not helping." The blonde sat down, pouting but Ula and Elsa sat either side of the obviously scared girl and took a hand each in theirs. Billie and Wren stood up as Isla said "Who wants to come with me to check the power?" Vanessa sat down beside Ula "Not me, I don't wanna be killed by some scary murderer…" "Murderer?!" Naomi half shouted. Elsa and Ula both glared at Vanessa as if to say 'Do you see what you've done?' Vanessa smirked lazily at them "Don't ya know? Whenever there's a power cut in movies someone or… something usually have something to do with it." Naomi stared at Vanessa wide-eyed before Isla whacked Vanessa over the head with her hand "Stop making shit up and scaring Naomi." Vanessa pouted "Hey, it's not my fault she believes everything." Elsa rolled her eyes "That shouldn't matter, you still shouldn't try and scare her." "Now I can see why you fancy, Sam." Vanessa sneered "You both have soft hearts, not to me-" Billie threw a duvet over Vanessa cutting her off "Don't mind her, she's on her period." "Hey!" Vanessa's muffled shout came from under the duvet as she tried to throw it off her. Isla and Wren sniggered as Naomi smiled and relaxed between Ula and Elsa. Billie smirked smugly as Vanessa finally figured out how to get out of the duvet. "Don't do that again you ass!" Vanessa all but yelled. "Stop scaring Naomi and insulting Elsa and she wont have to." Wren said exasperated. Vanessa opened her mouth to respond when they heard something bang on the front door. Vanessa's eyes widened as Naomi yelped and fell off the couch beside the red head. Vanessa grabbed Naomi's hand just as scared as her as another bang was heard. Ula and Elsa joined Vanessa and Naomi on the floor as they huddled together. Billie, Wren and Isla looked at each other before Isla whispered shakily "I don't suppose that's the wind or the trees or something other than a person?" Billie shrugged but Wren and Isla could see the fear in her eyes, if someone really wanted to get in they could, and what could seven 19 year old teenagers do about it? At least one of them would get injured if there was someone trying to hurt them. "We could go out the back…" Wren whispered pointing to the back door. Billie nodded "We'll have to keep low, so whoever's at the door doesn't see us." Isla grinned weakly "There's another door out the basement." The three 'leaders' turned to the four girls huddled under the duvet. "Isla, Wren take Vanessa out the back, I'll go with Elsa, Ula and Naomi out the basement." Isla and Wren nodded and pulled Vanessa up and towards the door as Naomi, Ula and Elsa followed Billie down to the basement. Isla crawled across the hallway through to the kitchen, only pausing when she saw a dark figure bang on the door again and she saw the door shake. Vanessa crawled across as soon as she made it to the kitchen and had checked their was no one outside the door, with Wren right behind her. Once the three of them were in the kitchen, Isla quietly opened the back door and ushered the other two out before she closed it quietly behind her motioning for Wren and Vanessa to move to the side of the house, just as they heard the front door of the house break down. Isla stifled a gasp as she dropped into the bushes beneath the kitchen window along with Wren and Vanessa and motioned for the two of them to move quickly along, pointing to the wooded area behind the house. Wren nodded and crawled as quickly as she could without making a sound, Vanessa and Isla right behind her. Wren and Vanessa made it around the corner just as the window of the kitchen opened. Isla dropped flat against the ground, hoping that the bushes would be enough to cover her. She only hoped Wren and Vanessa hadn't stopped and had continued on to the woods to hopefully meet up with Billie, Naomi, Ula and Elsa. Isla felt tears prick the corners of her eyes as she tried not to move or make a sound lest she draw attention to herself. Her heart felt like it was trying to escape her chest as she heard the kitchen door open into the garden. Please, please, please let the others have gotten away… Isla prayed please don't let them find me . Isla didn't dare move, not even her head as she heard footsteps walk alongside the bushes. She felt the tears escape her eyes and barely stifled a sob as the person rounded the corner. "Nothing." She heard a deep voice say. "They're here… somewhere." She heard another gruff voice respond "Find one, and we don't need to worry about the rest." Isla stopped breathing then as the footsteps stilled near her. Please don't have found me… OoOoOo Wren and Vanessa shared a worried glance as they heard the kitchen door open. Vanessa looked back, her sister was still in the bushes. Wren shook her head as Vanessa made to move back and grabbed Vanessa's hand motioning to the woods with her other. Wren pulled Vanessa out of the bushes quietly and into the dark confines of the forest. Just in time it appeared as they saw a dark figure turn the corner. Wren and Vanessa looked at each other as Vanessa whispered shakily "Where's my sister?" Wren felt herself tear up "I don't know." She whispered back just as shakily. Vanessa stifled a choked sob as Wren pulled her deeper into the forest. "We need to find Billie, Naomi, Ula and Elsa." OoOoOo Billie shut the door of the basement firmly behind her as Naomi, Ula and Elsa wandered down the steps ahead of her. She walked over to the trap door of the basement which stood at the opposite end of the house than the kitchen door just as she heard a loud bang which indicated the door breaking down. She motioned for one of the others to help her open it. Ula stood and took care of one lock whilst Billie took care of the other. Naomi and Elsa stood behind them quietly as the two of them worked. Finally Ula and Billie broke it open and Billie brought over a step ladder as she slowly opened the trap door making sure it didn't creak or slam open and draw attention to them. She lay the door gently against the wall and pulled herself out of the basement before she helped Ula, Naomi and then Elsa out. She then slowly lowered the door again, careful not to let it bang against the stone opening. She motioned for Ula, Naomi and Elsa to head towards the woods, she knew Isla, Wren and Vanessa would head their when they escaped the kitchen. Just as they began to run, Billie heard the kitchen door being opened. She looked behind her then. There was no one in sight and Billie could only hope Isla, Wren and Vanessa had already made it into the woods. Billie ran into the dark forest behind Ula, Naomi and Elsa and said softly "What do ya wanna do?" Naomi frowned. Billie clarified "Run farther or go around to the other side of the house to see if we can find Isla, Wren and Vanessa?" Ula and Elsa exchanged a look but it was surprisingly Naomi who spoke "We need to look for them." Ula and Elsa nodded as Billie smiled and asked "Alright, has anyone brought their phones?" "Mine was dead, I was charging it in the house." Naomi whispered. Ula nodded "Same." Elsa frowned "I didn't think to grab it." Billie nodded "I left mine as well and I think Isla, Wren and Vanessa did as well or at least I don't think they had time to grab them." "So we're on our own." Ula stated quietly. Billie looked down "Apparently." "When we make it to town we can get the police!" Elsa said. Naomi didn't look at any of them as she muttered "If we make it to town." Billie and Ula didn't say anything but it looked as though they agreed with Naomi's sentiments. "Maybe one of us should stay behind? You know in case the others come here?" Elsa asked. Billie shook her head "No, what if whoever broke in to the house comes here instead." Elsa frowned, she hadn't thought of that. Ula and Naomi looked at Elsa "We're not leaving anyone behind, besides Billie's probably the only one of us who can navigate these woods." Billie snorted as she agreed "Probably." Billie took the lead with Ula as Naomi and Elsa walked slightly behind them. "Do ya reckon they made it out?" Ula asked quietly. Billie's lips quirked up in the semblance of a smile at the phrasing of the question before it disappeared as she registered what Ula had asked. She frowned "I hope so, I heard the kitchen door being opened into the garden just after we escaped the basement, and I don't think it would've took Isla, Wren and Vanessa that long to escape." Ula sighed "So there's a good chance they didn't escape?" Billie glanced at the blonde "I didn't say that, but if we don't find them then who knows." Ula looked at Billie "We'll find them." And Billie would've believed Ula if her friend's voice hadn't been so