Nico's POV My name is Nico di Angelo. I am sixteen years old. My sister Bianca died when I was eleven. It was Percy's fault. I vowed revenge from the moment I discovered her death. The crush I have on Percy didn't start right when I met him. No, when I met him I trusted him but was too young to actually feel anything for him. It was when Bianca died that I stopped trusting him and started to plot my revenge on him. Instead of taking the obvious route and straight up lunging for his throat, I decided to, as the saying goes, to "keep your friends close and your enemies closer". Yep, that's right, I decided to become friends with him. Percy was easy to befriend, all I had to do was pretend that I had forgiven him and he fell straight into my trap. However, my brilliant plan backfired…big time. The more I hung out with Percy, the more I saw how funny and kind he was. I just couldn't believe this stupid person could make me feel so helpless and alone. I, Nico di Angelo, am falling for Perseus Jackson- son of Poseidon and death of my sister. Today is Valentine's Day and I have nothing better to do than sit in my cabin watching demigods walk by like the total creeper I am… you know creeper in a dark mysterious and sexy way. I stared at those flashing green eyes out the window of my eerie black room. These are the eyes that haunt my every waking moment. The more I see them, the more I want to confront him. I want to yell at him for being so oblivious, I want to cry in his arms and have him tell me it's going to be okay. Suddenly there's a knock at my cabin door. Ugh, who could this possibly be? The only two people that visit me are Percy and Rachel Dare, my best friend. I decide to just ignore it. I am not in the mood to talk to anyone right now on my least favorite and most depressing holiday. Being the son of Hades you would kind of expect that I don't like Valentine's Day, but this is different, its okay when you not head over heals for your straight friend who is currently dating Athena's daughter, Annabeth. The mystery person at the door apparently was not taking no as an answer because they just kept on pounding even harder when I didn't respond. I couldn't take the obnoxious sound anymore so I have to pull myself out of my bed and unlock the door. I swing the door open and am bombarded with a bear hug from Rachel. "Rach, get off of me… you're suffocating me" "Sorry, I am just so happy you're here, I thought you were in the Underworld considering what day it is." She looked at me in concern. "Don't give me that look. I'm not a dying puppy. Just because you happen to know that I like a certain person that at the moment is snogging a girl's face off does not give you the right to look at me like I am so weak and innocent." She glared at that then brushed it aside and started on a new topic. "Nico you're too thin, it's not healthy. Come with me and let's go to dinner. Chiron's not going to like it if you're late again, and this time you better eat something. So help me gods, if you don't fill out those sunken cheeks, I'm going to blend up all the ingredients from McDonalds and force them down your throat." "Ha, and where do you suppose you're gonna find a McDonalds out here in the middle of nowhere?" "I have my ways." She said in that sneaky voice of hers that always made me feel like there was something mysterious about her that I didn't know. But that is impossible because we tell each other virtually everything… well except those girly things like when her time of the month is or if she byes a new bra or something along those lines. I get along just fine not knowing those disturbing and unnecessary details. She got up and held her hand out to help me up. We stood up and walked over to the long tables filled with demigods. Since Rachel is still undetermined she sits with me at the Hades table. Thank goodness too, because I don't think I could have taken another lonely meal at the camp before Rachel showed up. I pick up my plate piled high with ribs and fried bananas and put some of it into the huge purple bonfire, then I prayed my thanks to my dad. And hey, if Percy can eat blue food, then why can't I have my weird food habits? When he walks by with his blue meal nobody so much as looks at him, but when I walk by with bananas and ribs suddenly I'm freak that everybody whispers about! Why the heck does Percy have to be so freaking loveable? "Nico, hey Nico! Is there anybody in that tiny noggin of yours?" Rachel had started to talk earlier about that preppy all girls' school that she was being forced to attend but I had spaced out a couple of minutes ago and my focus now lies on Percy instead. She was waving her hand in front of my eyes at the moment. Suddenly I snapped out of my pleasant daydream. Not because of Rachel's hands, but because of the girl that was suddenly blocking my view of Percy with a slobbery kiss on his mouth. Public displays of affection at the dinner table were prohibited but for Percy, Chiron usually just ignored the infraction. It was probably because of Percy and Annabeth's "perfect couple" reputation. If it was me instead of Annabeth, who knows what kind of bad attention we would bring? I scowled at the wise girl. "Ugh, when is this camp ever going to stop looking like a teeny bop movie? I swear its like were in High School Musical or something. Er…not that I've ever seen that before." "Wow, pay attention to Seaweed Brain more than your best friend, that's hurtful." Rachel says with a playful edge to her voice. "I'm sorry Rach, it's just that its Valentines Day and I have to sit here and watch Percy getting all slobbery with Annabeth. Just then Percy stopped kissing Annabeth and walked over to my table. My gaze brushed over his built abs under his tight v-neck shirt and his beautiful black silky hair falling slightly in his eyes. I had to resist the urge to bring my hand up to his face to brush the hair out of his eyes. "Hey Nico." "H-hey Percy, what's up? "Do you want to spar with me tomorrow? I've been so busy with Annabeth lately that I've been neglecting my daily activities." "And me." I muttered hoping he didn't hear me. "Yeah sorry, I gotta work on this friend/girlfriend prioritizing thing? So are you in?" "Sure. What time?" "I was thinking around 5:30 am." "Are you kidding me? Are you trying to kill me? You know I'm not a morning person!" "Exactly, better chance of me beating you." He said then laughed and nudged my shoulder playfully. I blushed but thankfully he had turned towards Rachel and hadn't seen it. "Hi Rachel, would you like to come tomorrow morning with us to fight?" Rachel looked over at me and saw the sullen look that had suddenly brushed my features. "Um…no thanks. I have plans tomorrow morning with Clarisse." "Oh I'm sorry. All my sympathy goes out to you." Rachel glared at Percy. "She is not that bad! You two are just so similar in demeanor that it is impossible for you guys to get along." Percy rolled his eyes then turned back towards me and said, "See ya then Neeks." This time I couldn't hide the blush that covered my cheeks. "Don't call me that!" I growled getting annoyed of the effect that his nickname was having on me. "Ah, is Nico lette gonna cry?" He said in a mocking but totally playful way. I couldn't let him get away with this. Tomorrow I would be up bright and early to avenge myself. There is no way he is going to beat me again due to my lack of focus on fighting and me increase of focus on his sweat-slicked abs. Man, why couldn't that guy just wear a shirt? Is that too much to ask for? "You're gonna pay for that comment Jackson." "You wish di Angelo." The way he said my last name made me shiver slightly. "Break it up you two." Rachel said trying to keep a straight face. "We wouldn't want either of you guys to break a nail or something tragic like that. With that Percy turned and left back to his spot next to Annabeth. …OoO… I turned quickly on my heel to avoid the fast swipe of Percy's blade. He seemed to be off balance for a half a second. That half a second was long enough for me to slam the hilt of my stygian iron sword onto his back. His back arched and he fell to the ground on his knees. I brought my sword to his neck and forced him to surrender. "Alright, alright you got me." I smirked in triumph, though I was a little worried that I had hurt him despite the fact that Percy was anything but weak. "Are you okay? I did hit you probably a little harder than necessary." "Yeah I'm fine, thank you for being so concerned though." He said with a small smile on his lips. "I don't know what happened to you Nico." "Elaborate please." His random statement confused me. "Well I used to think you hated me. Then I thought you were just using me. Now you seem genuinely concerned for me. Why is that? Not why are you concerned, 'cause I know we are friends now, but what made you change your mind about hating me?" I had no answer for that. All I could do was stare at his wonderfully built biceps and hope to gods he didn't realize the drool on the corners of my mouth. "Ummmmm… people change Percy. I just always blamed you for what happened to Bianca, but now that I'm older I realize it was her choice." "Well I'm glad you don't blame me anymore because I don't know what I would do without a best friend like you. And dude, about all the time I've been spending with Annabeth, I'm sorry. It's just that whenever I'm around her I get that feeling like everything's going to be okay, you know what I mean?" I nodded subconsciously. I know exactly what he means. I get that feeling every time I'm around him. This comment, though I understood and connected it, made me feel a little depressed. But nothing like the next thing he said. "So, I have to ask you something. It's kind of embarrassing though." "Anything, what's up?" "Well it's just that lately when Annabeth and I are making out I get the feeling that she wants to do a little more than just that." Ugh! "But I don't think I'm ready for that yet. What should I do?" I couldn't take this anymore. I got up and ran out of the arena. I heard Percy yelling after me but just ignored him and continued to my cabin. How is he so oblivious? I practically transform into a blushing freak whenever he is around. Maybe he does know and just doesn't care enough or doesn't have the decency to call our friendship off before I get even more attached to him. But that didn't seem likely considering just about every girl in camp is drooling over him and