So last summer my super beta Donna had a dream. From the sound of it, it was a very good dream, and she told me all about it. This is the story Donna's dream inspired. Oh, I missed Twilight. This is going to be so fun! It's lovely to be back. I own nothing. Donna is the best beta (and she made the banner). Thank you so very much for reading. Enjoy! Chapter 1: Not on the Syllabus There is a chunk of wispy hair that picks today of all days to be difficult. I am in my childhood bedroom, standing in front of a mirror that hangs over the dresser I myself painted at age five. It is a finger-painting project I undertook with my mother right before she took off. The paint job is not half bad given what it is and the color only turns brown from too many different shades smeared together in a few places. Overall, it's not a bad piece of furniture for a kid. I kept it through my teen years as a testament to my mother, some last hope that she would someday come back, and I could proudly display the finger-painted dresser as proof that I never forgot her. Not like she forgot me. But I am no longer a teenager, nor do I harbor any delusions that Renee might one day return. At twenty-five, this shit is just depressing. I look over the dresser at the mirror, unable to decide if I find the odd angles of this patch of wispy hair or this room's decor more irksome. It's the hair, I decide after five more minutes of messing with it. Giving up, I slip on a headband and call it quits. Bacon grease hits my nose as I make it halfway down the stairs and I pause, closing my eyes and counting to ten to get a hold of my anger. After two heart attacks in as many years Charlie was forced to retire, and maybe I didn't have to return to Forks and get a job at the local high school because of my father's health, but it certainly felt like a daughterly requirement. I'm here in basically the last place I actually want to be because of his heart and the smell of bacon grease hits my nose before I fully make it downstairs. I count to ten again, slap a smile on my face, and walk down the remainder of the stairs, not stopping until I make it to the kitchen. "Good morning," I say, planting a kiss on his cheek as I peer over his shoulder at the pan. "Bacon?" "I know, I know," says Charlie, smiling ruefully. "But today is a special occasion! You need a proper breakfast on your first day as a teacher." There is so much about this statement I find extremely vexing, but somehow I refrain from being a total bitch. This is Charlie. This is my dad. He gave me everything and I will not resent him. I will not resent him. I will not resent him and his goddamn failing heart. "The kids are just registering today, Dad," I explain for the fourth time. Still, I manage to keep my voice gentle. "They'll pop into my classroom to meet me or talk about the syllabus, but there won't be any actual class. Plus, it's hardly my first day as a teacher." Charlie waves a dismissive hand at me. I lean against the counter, watching as he gets the bacon out of the pan, its grease turning the paper towel transparent before oozing into the newspaper below. That dismissive hand wave is much more annoying than the patch of wispy hair that won't lie flat. Charlie likes to pretend the last two years since graduation never happened. To him I followed the plan and came home to teach after college. It's as if anything that occurred south of the equator didn't actually happen at all. They were the best two years of my life. It counts, although even to me there were moments that felt like they didn't. "Bacon and eggs," Charlie says, grabbing a plate. "This looks great, Dad," I say, stealing the spatula from him. "I'll take mine to go. And I don't want to make the other teacher's jealous. I think I'll fill up the Tupperware and hand out the goods." "But—" I stick an apple in his mouth before speed loading all the bacon and eggs into a large plastic container. My father chews his apple, frowning at me. "I've gotta go," I say, giving him a bright smile. "Thanks for breakfast, Pop. You have a good day." Charlie grumbles under his breath. Since the second heart attack forced him to retire, no day has been a good day. People still call him Chief even if he is no longer in charge of the ridiculously small police department. Seeing him like this, reminding myself of his sadness, makes it easier to not resent him. But then I see the bacon grease and the recycling full of beer cans. "I love you, kid," he says as I shoulder my bag. "Love you too, Dad." I kiss his cheek. "I'll be home to make dinner." Jasper doesn't look up from the book on his desk until I drop the breakfast on top of it. He jumps slightly in his seat, glasses sliding down his nose as he gapes up at me. "Shit," he says, clutching his chest. "You scared me." "You were engrossed," I observe. "Fuck yeah I was engrossed," he says, carefully lifting the Tupperware and smoothing out the pages. "This is the Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave. " "So just some light morning reading, huh?" He glares at me. "Can I help you, Isabella?" "I brought you breakfast," I explain. Jasper lifts the lid, inhales deeply, and seems to forgive me for disturbing his reading. "Why did you bring me breakfast?" I shrug. Jasper gives me a stern look, but it doesn't take him long to figure it out. We were close in high school, even if we drifted in college, but now that we are both once more back at Forks High we picked up our friendship like we never stopped so it doesn't take Jasper long to figure it out. It never took Jasper long to figure it out. "Charlie cooked this," he says, digging around in a desk drawer and emerging with a couple of plastic forks. "Charlie was going to eat this." "Charlie was going to eat this," I agree, taking a bite of egg. I'll leave the excessive amount of bacon to Jasper. The sight of it alone is making me angry again. It makes it hard not to resent my wonderful father who worked his whole life to ensure that I never missed out on anything. "And you stole it?" he asks. "Basically." "How?" "I shoved an apple in his mouth and spouted some bullshit about wanting to share this with the rest of the staff so they wouldn't be jealous," I say. Jasper snorts and munches happily on his bacon. "Kids are going to be trickling in any time now." "How exactly does this work?" I probably should have asked this before now. "What am I supposed to do?" "You just need to be hanging out in your classroom, getting your shit together for next week," he says. "The kids register in the cafeteria, pay for their yearbook, all that admin shit. They get their schedules and a lot of them like to wander around the school, finding their locker and seeing where the rooms are so they don't have to figure it out on the first day. They are just rearing to meet the new teacher." "Awesome." "Bella, it's going to be great." And maybe that is a possibility but I will still be teaching seventeen-year-old boys. I have a terrible track record with seventeen-year-old boys. "Bella?" "Right. Yes. Great." I take a few deep breaths. "It's going to be great." My school in Chile was fancy. People are so divided by class there, and my school catered to the richest of the rich. It was the best education money could buy and the teachers were required to look the part. It was all suits and pencil skirts and neatly ironed button ups. On my first day at Forks High a week ago I showed up in khakis and a blue blouse. I walked into the auditorium and it felt a bit like I was naked. Before me was a sea of jeans and Chacos and t-shirts. This was something I should have remembered from my time as a student here, but business casual in the best private school in Reñaca is not business casual in Forks. These people were once my teachers and they were staring at me like an outsider. I walked down the aisle, not knowing where to sit, hearing familiar whispers. "Jacob Black," some said. "Too good for Forks," said others. "A woman of the world." Jasper tugged me into a seat beside him. "Students aren't even here for another two weeks," he said. "Why don't you go casual?" "I thought this was casual," I muttered, blushing. "Jeans, Bells," he said. "Jeans." Today is the first day I will actually meet my students and I just couldn't quite manage jeans. Still, I tried to "go casual," choosing a black cotton skirt, tights, a white blouse, and a pink scarf. Fiddling with the unfortunate chunk of wispy hair and messing with my headband, I stand in the very center of my classroom, trying to figure out what to do with myself as I wait for students to trickle in and say hi after they get their schedules. Turning in a slow circle I take in the cheesy READ posters that depict celebrities with books, the bulletin board devoted to my travels, and the wall of bookcases filled with thick textbooks and easy reads, just for fun. The white board is spotless. The desks form a wide oval, none of those shitty rows, and I really don't know what to do with myself. Since moving back to Forks I've had far too much time and nothing to do but resent my father and wallow in the lost possibilities. In the two years I was away, America became foreign to me, Forks became foreign to me, and all the free summertime made it that much worse. It gave me time to miss places and people. Especially people. Especially one person. The second they assigned me a classroom I was here, setting up shop, writing out lesson plans, and now with less than a week to go until the students descend, I've run out of tasks. It doesn't seem possible, but I really, truly do not know what to do with myself. I've lived in this classroom for days because it's so much better than home. I like the quiet. "Bella?" I spin on my heel towards the tentative voice at the door. There is a student here, clutching a white piece of paper, his mouth agape. He is calling me Bella and damn, do those blue eyes look familiar. "Mikey?" I ask, horrified when I make the connection. He grins as he enters the room, emboldened by my shocked and decidedly un-teacher-like statement. With much more confidence than he was displaying before I remembered his name, Mikey Newton hops up to sit on one of the desks, his legs swinging. "Wow," he says. "I guess the rumors were true. It's just weird to see you here, is all." I nod dumbly. "I have you fourth period," he says. "AP Lit." "Right. Yep. Here I am." I fiddle with my hair and berate myself for sounding like an idiot. "I haven't seen you since you were about nine." "You were the best babysitter," he says. "I was pissed when you went away