There was another student Petrified today. Alice Walker was the second Muggeborn Hufflepuff to be Petrified amongst three Gryffindors and a Ravenclaw. That made 6 Petrified students. All muggleborn. Not a single Slytherin. Maybe it was because there weren't that many Muggleborns in Slytherin anyway, or perhaps the person behind all this didn't want to hurt members of his/her house. Because the culprit was definitely a Slytherin. Either way, people resented the Slytherins having no damage done to them and shunned them, making minimal contact with them in case they were Petrified. Even the purebloods and they had less than nothing to be afraid of. It was stupid, and it was unfair. Slytherins were already hated enough as it is. I am probably biased, though, because I am from Slytherin. I still think it isn't fair, however, that our whole house is getting the treatment only one person deserves. "So did you believe any of that 'Heir of Slytherin' stuff Dumbledore told us?," my best friend, Miranda Fawley, asked. She was also a Slytherin sixth year, like me. I shrugged. "Well I'm pretty sure it's a Slytherin but I'm not sure about the monster who lives in a chamber," I said. "Someone must have found the chamber and even if no one had, wouldn't people see if there was a dangerous monster on the loose?" "That's the point of the chamber," Virginia Greengrass, another fellow Slytherin chimed in. "Only the Heir of Slytherin would be able to open the chamber. He or she releases the monster and gets rid of all the Muggleborns in the school. The Petrified students are the people who have seen the monster." "But I don't understand how the monster Petrified the students anyway," I said, getting slightly frustrated. I didn't believe anything about the monster in the chamber that Professor Dumbledore had told us about in Transfiguration. In my opinion, some pure blood fanatic had found a powerful spell that Petrified students and had gone around shooting students down with it. Apart from me, there was only one other person who believed in my theory. "Hey, Avery!" I called out to a spotty Slytherin boy sitting a few seats away from Miranda. He appeared not to have heard me. "AVERY!" He turned around. "What?," he asked. "Have you seen Tom?," I asked. "He went to bed early," Avery replied. Trust Tom to do that when I had a Potions essay due tomorrow. He could have helped me. Although knowing him, he would have got fed up after 5 minutes. I looked at my half eaten dinner, sighing. There was no choice but to get started now, seeing as Potions was my worst subject. Luckily, Miranda hadn't done it either so we trudged back to our common room reluctantly and worked on the essay together. Miranda, being slightly better at Potions than me, completed her essay before me. It was still 11 by the time she finished, though, and she wasn't willing to help me. "Come on, I just need another 3 inches, show me what you've got," I pleaded. Miranda yawned. "I have Runes first thing in the morning...I'll leave my essay with you," she said guiltily, and went off. Fine, I thought, don't bother. I stayed up for another hour, adding on stuff I had forgotten to write and crossing out mistakes I only realised I had made when I looked at Miranda's essay. The common room was empty by now. My eyes flickered. Potions wasn't until after lunch and I didn't have any lessons in the morning. I could correct my mistakes in the morning, and I could ask Tom to help for extra credit. Slughorn would be pleased. Maybe I could just spend the night on this sofa... "Pureblood." My head snapped up. That was the password to our common room. Who was up this late? And out of their common room, as well. It was way past curfew. The person moved into the light, so I could see them clearly. "Tom? What are you doing here?," I asked. "Well, it's my common room too, you see," he replied coolly, knowing full well that wasn't what I meant. "And a person needs a place to sleep." "Oh shut up, you know that wasn't what I meant," I snapped. "What were you doing outside? It's midnight. Besides, Avery told me you had gone to bed early and I would have seen you coming out of your dorm." "I had...business I had to attend to," Tom said. "Business," I repeated. "What sort of business?" Tom stared at me, his green eyes boring into mine. I shifted uncomfortably. "You ask too many questions," he said finally. "Don't poke your nose into things that don't concern you." With these final words, he went up the stairs to his dormitory. I stared after his retreating head, wondering if I should call him back and ask him to help me with my essay. In the end, I decided not to. Instead, I read through my essay again to make sure it ran smoothly. It would be able to scrape an Acceptable for me. I gathered up mine and Miranda's essay headed to the dorms to sleep. *** "You missed breakfast." Virginia came into the dormitory and pulled my blankets off. "Oh no, I care so much," I muttered, pulling my blankets over my head again. "It's eleven o'clock, you should be up," Virginia said. That's not going to get me up. "Olive, you're going to miss lunch." I don't care. "And we're having roast apparently." I sat up, yawning. "Alright, I'm up," I grumbled. "Where's Miranda?" "She had Runes," Virginia sat on her bed. I sensed that she wanted to say something. "Do you think the attacks are going to stop soon?," she asked, after a moment's pause. It took me a few seconds to realise what she was talking about. "What attacks?," I asked, confused. "Oh wake up," Virginia snapped. "The attacks on the Muggleborns." "The attacks on the-? Oh right." I knotted my green and silver tie. "Maybe. If the attacker gets caught." "The attacker's being very careful," Virginia said thoughtfully. "6 Muggleborns have been Petrified and it's just been the Christmas holidays. The school will have to be closed at this rate." "Bet you anything the next student's going to die. Professor Dippet says we've been lucky," I said. "So far," Virginia added darkly. Deciding this conversation had become too depressing for her liking, she changed the topic. "By the way, you must have measured your Potions essay wrong, you're still half an inch short." "Oh for God's sake," I muttered. "Slughorn won't care, will he? It's not like he'll know my name my either way," I added bitterly. Only people in Slughorn's 'Slug Club' got his attention; the rest of us could have skipped class and he wouldn't notice. Virginia was in the Slug Club because she was talented at Self-Transfiguration. Tom was in the Slug Club because he was talented at everything. I took my essay and headed to the library anyway. Sixth year was too late to win Slughorn's attention but my work at the moment would only get me an A, and an Exceeds Expectations would be more preferable. I sat down at a small table in the library, rapidly flipping through the book for precautions to take when brewing Amortentia. As I wrote down a sentence, I heard a weird hissy sound. I looked around, searching for the source of the noise. Nothing. It must have been a rush of air or something. I was looking through the book's index when I heard it again. What was it? I waited a few seconds. The noise came again, louder than the first two times. I listened to see where it was coming from. Abandoning my essay and my textbook, I crept towards a shelf of books where I thought the source of the noise must be. I put one hand in my pocket, where my wand was. Miranda had told me about a weird hissing noise a few days ago exactly like the one I had heard just now. She had confided in me her suspicions that it was made by the monster in the chamber and I hadn't believed her. I believed her now. If I was about to come face to face with this beast, would a wand really help me? This is the creature who had already Petrified 6 students already, it could do the same to me. Maybe worse. What if I died? Shut up, Olive, get a grip on yourself, I thought to myself. I took a deep breath, approaching the shelf. My breath caught in my throat. Lying at the foot of the shelf was another student who had been Petrified. Millie Chapman, another Muggleborn. The fact that I knew her made it worse. I shared a dorm with her. The first Slytherin. "Oh my God, what happened to Millie?," a hysterical voice behind me cried. I turned around, knowing who it would be. Elisa Perkins, who I also shared a dorm with, stood behind me, her eyes wide with shock. "She's been Petrified," I said, trying to keep my voice from shaking. "Come on, let's tell Madam Pince." I grabbed Elisa, who was doing a very good impression of a frozen fish. I had never liked Elisa or Millie. They were the annoying Slytherins who were constantly giggling over nothing, never bothered to use their perfectly good brains and, as just demonstrated, completely lost their heads when in dangerous situations. Elisa was muttering "Oh my God, what if Millie dies?" the whole way and I was glad to drop her clammy arm when we finally got to Madam Pince's desk. "There's been another attack," I told her. Madam Pince notified the teachers, who carried Millie to the Hospital Wing. I saw her shaking her head gravely before I left the library. *** The whole school appeared to have heard of Millie's attacks when I entered the Great Hall for lunch. "Olive! Where have you been?," Miranda asked as I sat down. "Did you hear about the attack on Millie?" "Yes," I replied, scooping some potatoes on to my plate. "I was there. I was the one who found her." "Did you see anything weird?," Virginia asked, eager for information. "No, but-" I lowered my voice-"I heard that weird hissing sound you told me about, Miranda." "You didn't believe me!" Miranda looked triumphant. "I think it really could have been made by that monster. I hope the culprit's caught soon." "You're a pureblood, don't your parents teach you all that 'Muggles are scum' stuff?," I asked curiously. Virginia and Miranda were both purebloods and they had told me about the beliefs their parents had raised them with. I was surprised they even talked to me, seeing as my mother was a muggle. "Yes, my parents think Muggles are scum, but if the attacks don't stop soon, the school will have to close," Miranda said. "I hope it doesn't," Virginia said worriedly. She glanced at her watch. "Come on, we have to go to Potions." We left the Great Hall and walked down to the dungeons, just in time for the lesson. The spot next to me was empty when the lesson had started, which was strange. Tom always sat there. I had succeeded in persuading him to sit next to me during Potions so he could check my concoctions didn't end up too bad. He had refused at first, but agreed when I had accidentally burnt off all of his friend Mulciber's hair. Not that there was much hair to begin with. What was Tom doing? He was never late. Never. The door to the dungeon creaked open and Tom stepped in, his normally perfect hair all over the place, like he had just been running. Which he most likely had. "Mr Riddle, you are late," Slughorn stopped mid sentence. "I'm very sorry, Professor, it