17 Tears. Disclaimer:I do not own Legolas, Aragorn, or any other characters from The Lord of the Rings. Please Read and Review, no flames. With a start Legolas woke in a cold sweat. He had just woke up from a terrible nightmare, and he was glad that it was over. He shook his head to try to clear his thoughts and get a view of his surroundings. In his panic he had forgotten that last night he had climbed into a tree to meditate. He didn't stray far from the Fellowship, just near enough to come quickly to their aid if they needed him. His thoughts came back to the nightmare he had. Someone from the fellowship was in pain and agony. Worst of all, the person in the dream was dying and he couldn't tell who it was. Sighing he climbed down off of the tree. Maybe Gandalf can help me, he thought. The wizard was a very wise man and one of his dearest friends. He walked over to the camp and gazed over his companions. Gimli, the dwarf, was leaning against a tree and smoking his pipe. Frodo, the ring bearer, was still sleeping, although his sleep was a very restless sleep. So even the hobbit's sleep is disturbed by nightmares. Sam, another hobbit of the group, was busy cooking breakfast at the campfire. Merry and Pippin, Frodo's cousins, was fighting as usual. Gandalf, the wizard, was watching them and laughing gently to himself. Boromir, the son of Denathor, was polishing his shield. Suddenly Legolas's heart leapt to his throat. Where was the ranger Aragorn? A kind voice pierced his thoughts. "Legolas my friend, are you alright? You look very pale?" "I am alright Boromir, just worried. Where is Aragorn?" he asked with concern. "He went off to scout the area but he will probably be back soon. Although that was two hours ago." Legolas's face fell. "He should have had someone go with him." He said with great concern. "Why's that?" asked Boromir. "I sensed something wrong about him the other night. Weather it was sickness or something else I do not know. But I hope nothing has happened to him." Oh Valar, he prayed, let him be safe. If something happened to him I would never forgive myself. Suddenly a cry broke the silence of the camp. "Legolas! Orcs! It's an ambush!" Legolas turned toward the sound of the cry and his heart sank. It was coming from the ranger Aragorn. And from the way he was running, it looked like he was seriously wounded. Legolas quickly picked up his bow and arrows and began shooting the orcs that were chasing the wounded man. With great speed and accuracy he fell every last one and Aragorn reached the safety of the camp. The hobbits had stopped what they were doing to see if their friend and guardian was all right. "Thank you Legolas, my brother." Said the ranger, who was slightly swaying on his feet. "You're welcome. Pray tell me, what happened my brother?" But Aragorn did not get a chance to explain what happened for without warning the ranger's eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed. "Aragorn!" cried Frodo. "Don't worry little one," said Gandalf comfortingly to the ring bearer. Legolas knelt down at his fallen brother's side and noticed with horror his blood-soaked shirt. He ripped it open and noticed the terrible gash on the man's right side. "Boromir," he said. "Get some fresh bandages from Aragorn's pack and some healing herbs. I'm going to try to stop the bleeding as much as possible." Please don't die brother, prayed the young elf. We have been through so much together, and Legolas's mind went back to all the times that he had spent with his brother, the good and the bad. The day they first met. Are You an Angel? Legolas and his father rode through the ruins of the city. It had been viciously attacked by orcs and no one was spared, not even the children. Legolas thought, they had won, but at a great cost. And now the orcs will pay for all the blood that they had spilled. Legolas and his father was about to turn away from the scene when a scream reached their ears. "It sounds like a cry of a little one Father!" said the elf, and they both rode over to where they heard the cry. There running toward them, was a little 2 year old boy. The young elf dismounted his horse and ran to the little boy's aid. "Angel." He whimpered. Legolas quickly picked up the frightened child and carried him in his arms. The child had matted brown hair and the greyest eyes that the elf had ever seen. But something about the child seemed familiar to him. "Father, do you know who this child could be?" Legolas's father looked at the child and his face fell. "Yes my son I'm afraid I do. This is the king's son. I fear his father has suffered the same fate as all the others." Legolas felt heartbroken. He had loved the King of Gondor like he loved his own father. Now the king was dead and the only living hope for the kingdom of men was his young son. Legolas's father's sadden voice broke his thoughts. "Come, let us leave this place. We must take the little one home so if he has any wounds they can be healed." Legolas carefully mounted his horse so as not to drop the child who was now sleeping peacefully in his arms. And all the way on the journey home he sang to the sleeping child. Latter that night Legolas went into his father's healing room to check on his young charge. The words that the young child said to him bothered him and he wanted to know why the little one said them. He entered the healing room to find his father putting a cool cloth on the child's head. "Is the child ill my father?" he asked with concern. "He is burning with fever but I gave him some fever-reducing tea so he will be better soon. But I have a question for you my son. I have thought out something seriously over a number of times and I have considered taking him in as another son. His name will be Estel for now till he is old enough to know his true heritage. So how would you like to have him as your little half-brother?" Legolas smiled. "I would be very happy if he was my little half-brother. Can I take over for you awhile? You look tired father." "Yes, thank you my son. That way you can form a bond between you and him." The king got up and Legolas took his place beside the little child's bed. When his cool hand touched the child's fevered brow his eyes fluttered open. "Angel?" the little one murmured. "Hello little one, how are you feeling?" he said lovingly. "Tired." Legolas suddenly remembered what he wanted to ask the little one. "Can I ask you two simple questions?" The little boy looked at him in a curious way. Legolas laughed gently at the way the child looked at him. "Don't worry, it's nothing too serious. First of all, how would like to be a permanent member of our family?" The little boy's eyes widened in surprise at the elven prince's words so Legolas took that as a defiant yes. "The other question is why do you call me angel?" The boy's face fell. Did he do the wrong thing by calling the young elf that? Without thinking he reached up and softly touched Legolas's hair. Normally the prince would have resisted a human's touch but this time he didn't mind. "You glow like angels." Then the little boy closed his eyes and went back to sleep. Legolas watched the little one with great love in his heart. Humans were curious beings, he thought to himself, and he knew that in time, he would grow to love the future King of Gondor and his new brother. Not Afraid of Anything…Except Spiders! (Aragorn is 5 years old in this flashback) Estel ran into his brother's room with excitement. He had something he wanted to ask him and he couldn't wait to see what his brother's response would be. "Legolas!" He squealed in delight, "I have something to ask you." Legolas flinched for the little boy's squeal had hurt his ears. "What is it that you want little brother?" "Are you afraid of anything?" Legolas pondered that question. That was certainly a strange question for Estel to ask. "No, little brother, I'm not afraid of anything." "Are you sure big brother?" Legolas nodded. "All right then, I'm going out to play now." Estel ran out of his brother's room and outside to the gardens where he liked to play. "My brother not afraid of anything?" he thought. That's strange. Surely there had to be something he was afraid of. Suddenly a spider that was crawling on a tree nearby caught his eye. Hmm, he thought. Could his brother be afraid of spiders? There was only one way to find out. When his brother was out training the older elves in archery he would sneak into his brother's room and put the spider in his bed. Carefully picking up the spider so as not to hurt him, he carried him into the house and put him in a box in his room and waited till his brother left for the archery training. When his brother finally did leave he snuck in with the spider in the box and placed the spider on his brother's bed. Then he raced back to his own room and decided to read awhile so he could hear his brother's reaction when he found the spider in his bed. An hour later he heard his brother's bedroom door open. He held his breath, waiting expectantly to hear what would happen next. Suddenly his brother's scream broke the silence of the palace. "Aiee, there's a spider in my bed!" Unable to control himself, Estel laughed out loud. But totally unknown to him, Legolas heard him. "Estel!" said the elf with a hint of anger in his voice. Estel slowly walked out of his room and entered his brother's room. Waiting for whatever his brother was going to do to him. "Why did you put the spider in my bed?" "I wanted to see if you were afraid of them. You said you were not afraid of anything so I used the spider to see if it was true." Tears filled his eyes. At those tears the prince's anger quickly melted and he wiped them away from his brother's eyes. "Well as you can probably guess, I failed that test miserably. Don't cry. I forgive you." Estel's face brightened and he hugged his big brother's waste. "Just don't try anything like that again, evil human." Legolas said playfully. "Prissy elf." Estel shot back. Soon the halls of the King of Mirkwood echoed with the melodic laughter of an elf and the childish laughter of a future king of Gondor. Little Sick Ranger. Legolas got up feeling very happy. Today he was going to give Estel his first archery lesson. He was 10 years old now and was strong enough to use a bow. He dressed in his fighting tunic and braided his hair to keep it out of his face. Then he went downstairs to eat breakfast with his father and his brother. He saw that his father was there but his brother wasn't. "Where's Estel father?" "He's probably still sleeping. We will wait awhile for him. I see you are going to teach him how to use a bow today." "Yes father." It was at that time that Estel walked into the room. "Good morning my son, how are you feeling today?" Estel smiled weakly and mumbled