I was in the Capitol for The Hunger Games, mentoring another pair of Tributes, when I received the invitation. Not another stupid party! I sighed as I broke the wax seal and opened it. President Snow had another line up of ladies that wanted a piece of me. However, it wasn't what I expected. It wasn't just any party, it was a masquerade, with a list of instructions. It read that I must not tell anyone about this party, before or after the event, and I must remain anonymous when there. Apparently this "upholds the allure and mystery of the ball". But it sounded familiar. I had heard rumours about this ball over the years. Only the elite of the Capitol and Panem were invited, but no one old. It was to celebrate and reward the youth, the future of Panem. Some had said it was an evening of dancing and drinking with an end which is more explosive than the inside of a firework. Others had said that it was like a drug trip that heightened all the senses but felt like a dream after. I had no idea what to expect but curiosity and a free night out couldn't be too bad. Days passed and I made the preparations necessary. I bought a mask as the instructions requested. It wasn't overly fancy but the silver curved around the contours of my cheeks. I had a suit made for the occasion, with a silver waist coat to match the mask. Of course, the tailor asked questions but I just smiled and it was for my own fun. I left the apartment in the Training Centre without telling anyone, as instructed, and a black car waited for me. Tinted windows and driverless: they really took this secret party thing seriously. I sat on the back seat and helped myself to a glass of bubbly that waited for me, sat back and enjoyed the ride to whatever the Capitol was going to throw at me. The venue was a grand rococo hall, with high chandeliers and swirling colourful wall decorations. The marble floor was finely polished and perfectly reflected the images of the other guests. There were five exquisite arches on the other side of the hall, which, I supposed, lead into another hall or to the gardens. There was a soft melody playing, but no band was in sight. I was greeted with more champagne by an Avox, who, despite wearing their usual Avox clothes, also wore a mask. I took another sip of the alcohol and slowly stepped around the hall, scanning the masked faces to see if I recognised any of them at all. Despite there being around 100 people, the hall felt empty. There was no laughter, just gentle mutterings and whisperings. I sighed a little. This doesn't feel like a party to me. I finished the rest of my glass and grabbed another. I wasn't going to say no to free champagne. "This stuff's great. Is it vintage?" I said to the Avox with the platter of champagne. Of course I don't get a reply but I felt awkward, just standing there, not talking. "Guess I should… mingle?" The Avox didn't move an inch. Taking another sip, I shrugged and started walking around. Everyone was in pairs, how was I supposed to join in the chat? Two's company but three is definitely a crowd. That's it, I thought, I'm leaving. Finishing my second glass, I left it with a passing Avox and made for the door. But I stopped in my tracks and my attention was averted. Her hair was long and wavy and golden bright, falling gently with each movement she made. She was pale but had a radiant glow about her, like snow in the sun. Her eyes were pools of chocolate and they pierced through the intricately decorated black mask. Tiny crystals in the curves of the filigree detail made it in glisten in the chandelier light. Her lips… Wow her lips! Perfectly kissable Cupid's bow in a vivid blood red. Her dress was simply divine. It was unlike any of the other dresses in the room, which had their typical Capitol flare: big, bold and bright in all different colours. Hers was a rich ruby, which fitted in tightly around her curvaceous frame, emphasising her masterfully sculptured breasts and hips. The bodice formed a symmetric V-shaped cleavage. It was short at the front, exposing her legs mid-thigh, but came down in tumbling fiery layers of scarlet silk at the back. Her snow legs looked marble smooth and irresistible to caress. As she floated across the floor, I noticed that the dress was backless, leading long and down, almost to her coccyx. Then I realised, she was coming towards me. I started moving closer to her, feeling like we were magnetically drawn. As we got closer, I noticed how large her eyes were, her pools of caramel. As we got closer, my pulse quickened and my heart raced. As we got closer, adrenaline was pumped into every vein. As we got closer, I wanted her. And when we met, I couldn't speak. Her beauty, her sensuality, her poise simply. She knew she was sexy and it left me speechless. I couldn't talk even if I knew what I would say to her. But something felt natural and I had to do it. I offered my hand out to her and she took it, those deep red lips curling into a seductive smile. I softly placed my other hand on her hip and she grasped onto my shoulder. And we danced. I don't know if it was dancing; I never was good at it, no matter how many of these events I went to. It felt like I was high up and floating on clouds. Her enchanting gaze she gripped me under was never ending. I had no side thoughts. My mind was totally for her. She had full ownership of my soul. And I wanted her to have me, to do with me as she pleased. We danced for what felt like a life time. I was too lost in her eyes to notice that the hall was slowly emptying, couple after couple, into the arches on the other side of the room. It was only when we stopped and heard complete silence that it fully dawned on me. I looked around and let go of her. "Where is everyone?" She looked at me, her expression unchanging, whilst I looked around, slightly worried. There wasn't a single person in the room, not even an Avox. "It's a bit weird, isn't it?" she said. Even her voice was beautiful. "Everyone was in pairs when I got here. An equal number of men and women. All of them went through the arches." I had no idea how she noticed that whilst we were dancing because I was concentrating on her, but it made sense. "I guess… It's our turn now," I mumble under my breath. "How do you suppose everyone knew who to pair off with? I didn't recognise anyone here and a lot of the masks were quite big. Couldn't see a thing." "I don't know. The champagne? The music? The attraction that comes with mystery." "What do you mean by that?" She shrugged slightly, biting her lip. "You don't think that this is sexy? The setting, the music, not knowing who anyone is? Forming that connection with someone when your eyes meet…" And her eyes met mine instantly as she trailed off a little. I stopped breathing for a moment until she continued. "Even though you can't see them fully." "Yeah… I guess it is a little bit. What do you think is through each of the arches?" I said, looking over to the. "I don't know. But let's find out," she said, putting her hand out to me. I smiled and took it. Her long supple fingers entwined with mine. Her hand was cool and her skin felt like velvet on mine. We made our way over to the other side of the hallway. My pulse was racing. I didn't know what to expect at all. "I'm Finnick, by the way. Finnick Odair," I said. "Oh shit, I wasn't supposed to say that!" She giggled slightly, a laugh so sweet and angelic, yet a dangerous aphrodisiac. "It's fine. I knew it was you. The whole of Panem could recognise those eyes in a mask," she said. "I think you should break the rules and tell me your name." "You don't need to know." "Oh come on! You know me but I don't know you. A first name, at least. I don't need your life story." "My name is Venus." "A pleasure to meet you," I said, glancing at her, her chocolate eyes gazing into mine. "You too," she replied. "Which one should we go through?" I said, as we stopped in front of them. They were all completely black. "Bigger is always better," Venus said, eyeing up the one in the middle and leading me through. What lay beyond was completely unexpected. A grand four poster bed with veils on each of the sides and a canopy. It was made of dark mahogany and had elaborated detail carved into it. It looked plush and soft, with large pillows and rich red velvet throw over. At the sight of the bed, a horrible thought ran through my mind. Maybe this is another client appointment, but Snow just didn't tell me. Maybe she has paid to sleep with me. Yet, that wouldn't make sense, right? All the other guests came through here, so they must have done some business. But there were four other arches. Maybe this one is the sex room and the others just go home. I glance at Venus out of the corner of my eye. Oh, who was I kidding? She was hot and I couldn't care less if she paid or not. I wanted her. We walked in further and a thick black curtain dropped behind us. "I guess we're locked in now," Venus said. "I guess," I replied. I walked closer to the bed, still holding onto her hand. "So… is this like a big sex party? Where random people meet and drink and dance and fuck and never see each other again?" I laughed slightly to myself. "Or they see each other again and just don't know that they are the person who they slept with." "I don't… I… I think so," she said. "And we're the last pair. So, I think…" "We have the room for as long as we want," I murmured. I turned to face her. I went to take her mask off, to see her face complete and pure, but she backs away. "It will ruin the allure," she said playfully. "You know my face. I want to know yours." "No." She shook her head. "Let's just…" She didn't finish her sentence. She didn't need to. Her body language said it all. She turned around slowly, her body close to mine. I nestled my face into her neck and inhaled her delicious scent. My nose touched her snow skin and I heard her gasp slightly. I lightly traced over her spine with my finger, feeling her tense up under my touch. I brought her closer to me, her hips magnetic to mine. She stood away from me, turning around in a flurry like a red flame. I gasped slightly. This only made me want her more. But she made a gesture which told me to wait a moment. I couldn't wait. I needed her now. However, I didn't want to rush this pure bliss. Venus came close again. I reached out to touch her but she shook her head, so I stopped. She pushed me further back, towards the bed. She took my jacket off and flung it on the floor behind her. She slowly undid my waistcoat then cravat and took these