Summary: When the road you're on is already in the verge of crumbling, you could either choose to foolishly continue onward, or turn back and change paths. Harry decided on the latter. MoD!Harry Pairings: Older Harry/Voldemort, other side pairings Warning: AU, Time-Travel, Universe Hopping, New Identity, Slash (this means Boy/Boy), MasterOfDeath!Harry, Killings/Torture Disclaimer: If I were the author of Harry Potter, Dumble would have chocked on a Lemon and drop dead, not AK-ed. So no, I do not own Harry Potter. Chapter 1: Traveling through space and time In a barely lit room with only an unmade bed and a dark-tainted window, there was a man sitting on a cushioned throne, simply staring outside blankly. A stranger that has never laid eyes upon him would even mistaken him for a doll, if his chest were not moving that is. Other than his youthful appearance of a late teen, he represents a weary old man with jaded scarlet eyes behind those round framed rose-tinted glasses perched atop his nose. His whole being ripples with barely tamed power at random intervals, distorting the air that surrounds him in an almost chaotic yet lazy manner. The state of the air outside his homely wards were polluted, forcing him to wear his neoprene half-mask that was charmed with an air-ventilator charm –which he was currently laying on his nightstand– if he wishes to go hunting for food or entertainment. He missed the sky that was once upon a time blue–now an awful shade of dark green with a tint of black, or the ocean that used to be so vast and beautiful, now just a desolated wasteland of sand and bones. He could no longer stand the sight of his crumbling planet, so he hid the ugliness behind his rose-tinted glasses that he had stolen many decades ago. Gaia's fate had long been decided. She would crumble. No matter how much she cried or pleaded with him in her bouts of insanity. He had learnt the hard way how to ignore her pleas, lest She broke his mind. Even with all the power the man held within the palm of his hand, he could never produce an offspring to help his dying Planet without a partner who isn't infertile. The other reason would be that he fears being involved –not that he would openly admit it– as he has not had any good human contact in his life; more so after being forcefully restrained on a cold metal table where he was littered with incisions on a daily basis. He had developed a condition called merinthophobia, much to his disgust and self-hatred. The man –for that was what he is, and he could never be called a boy even if he were to look the part– turned towards his only companion on his lap; a common garter snake that he had stumbled across, and started to hiss out a random conversation to distract his wondering mind from those awful skin breaking wires they called restraints. Just as his state of mind began to waver in his usual bouts of insanity, a dark mist started to form out of the corner of his eyes. This caused his damaged mind sharpen and focus, wanting and sincerely hoping that it was someone or something magical. His wish was soon answered when a hooded figure was formed, its cloak billowing eerily and its hood shading its features. The cloaked figure was tall; around six three, and thin. They both stared at one another behind their shades before the man with the piercing scarlet eyes spoke up. "State your name and purpose of your visit." His voice was raspy from years of disuse, but it still came out strong and demanding. The man's accent was unusual, if one were to not know he had talked in the tongue of serpents for decades. "I am Death." The cloaked being introduced itself with a somewhat airy and carefree tone. The man conjured a needle and nicked himself on his forearm. It had itched. He dropped the needle and watched as it disappeared just before touching the ground with disinterest. "You are neither dreaming nor hallucinating." "Why have you come? Are you here to take me away?" The man questioned once more as his blazing scarlet eyes narrowed in suspicion, yet there was hope as well. Hope that this being would take away all his suffering and let him rest with his loved ones. "Take you away? In a way." The being answered slowly. The only indication that he was listening was the subtle twitch of his crossed ankles. Death glided towards the seated man, and stopped at an arm's length. This made the man stiffen, but he refused to move away or show any signs of weakness. "You should have noticed by now, that you do not age like normal humans, both Muggle –or Parasites by your dictionary– and Wizard alike." The scarlet eyed man hummed his agreement, but remained silent. "Death is eternal, and so is its Master. As I exist forever, so do you, Master of Death." "…Master of Death?" Then it clicked. "The Hallows…" "Correct. Just like wands, the Hallows choose their rightful master; you were and are the only one worthy enough to hold all three." Death saw that its Master was unable to form words, so it dropped the subject momentarily. "The humans are slowly dying, and so is this Planet along with Magic. The road you walk is already on the verge of crumbling. Will you go onwards, or will you turn back and change paths?" The newly pronounced Master of Death snapped from his daze-like state. "Are you indicating that alternate universes do indeed exist?" "Certainly." A simple yet unnerving answer. The Master of Death continued to look fixedly at his servant (?) before he furrowed his brows in suspicion. The whole thing sounded too good to be true. He would rather this being reap him and be done with it. "What do you require in exchange if I were to agree?" Death shrugged elegantly. The man hummed in thought. He could recklessly agree and change roads, or he could continue rotting away in this wasteland called Earth. Tough choice. The scarlet eyed man snorted inwardly. "I have questions." Death gave a small nod. "How are you going to move me if I were to agree?" "As we will be staying for an unlimited amount of time, Master will become an infant." Death simplified. They were silent for a few more minutes before the man's brow twitched. "It would be greatly appreciated if you were to elaborate." Death chuckled lowly. It was not a pleasant sound and the scarlet eyed man held back a shudder. It would take time to get used to that. "Your body and soul are both well acquainted with one other. If I were to force your soul to exit the body that it feels most safest, the results would be… messy." "I will assume that this is the reason as to why my body could still function after my head has been severed from my neck." "You assumption is correct, my Master. Your body is linked to your soul, and your soul is linked to my person. The only way for you to stay at an unfamiliar place and restart your whole life with your current body is that I would have to force it into being a newborn." "And this will lead me into being raised by matrons from an orphanage." The scarlet eyed man spat with hatred. "Please allow me to fully explain before that pretty little head of yours even bring up the idea that I will allow my Master to be cared by mere mortals." The man's shoulder relaxed slightly and he gave a jerky nod. "Undisclosed blood adoption." The man continued to wait for an explanation that would probably not happen if he were to not ask. "… Would it kill you to elaborate without my asking?" "Perhaps it would." The scarlet eyed man crossed his arms over his chest in a sulky way that made his servant chuckle in mirth. "Forgive me my Master, if you were as old as I am, you would find entertainment in leaving out …details." The man pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation. "But as I am… fond of you, I will keep this habit to a minimum." "That would be much appreciated." He sighed. "After your body's de-aging, I will need two Magicals of your choosing into procrea–" "What if I were to want parents that are non-existent?" The man interrupted as an idea formed. "… I assume you will want to be in a specific lineage?" "The Gaunts." He agreed with Death. "There are other universes where Marvolo Gaunt has siblings or more children." The scarlet eyed man gave an upward tilt of the lips, glad that Death picked up on his want to be related to the man he highly respected. "Where Marvolo has a sibling whom gave birth to a son?" "There is." "And others are the same?" "Yes." "Will I retain my looks?" The man traced his features with feather light touches absentmindedly, as if to memorize them just in case. "The blood adoption will not interfere with your current appearance, but would you like me to remove all your scars?" "No, these scars… Each one is a reminder of how weak I was, without them I would lose my ambition of growing stronger and fall into melancholia faster than anyone could draw first blood. Do not mind them, please continue." The scarlet eyed man fingered the scar that was wrapped around his neck –mockingly alike a collar– with immense resentment. Death eyed the scar, and underneath Its shadowed hood, Its eyes flashed with murderous rage. "Very well. Afterwards I will personally compel the two to have sexual intercourse with one another before modifying your bearer's memory of your birth. As much faith as I have with my magic that humans have no way of detecting, it would be safer for them to act on it rather than to have someone question your birth." It waited for Its Master to digest the information for his plans before It continued. "I will be the one who cares for you whilst you are still a newborn." The ebony haired man looked doubtful for a split second before returning to his default, serene expression. Death either missed or ignored it as It continued. "I am in need of a few minutes to find such a universe." "You may take as long as you need." Death closed Its eyes underneath Its hood and relaxed Its body while remained standing. Half an hour was passed with the scarlet eyed man petting his pet before Death twitched. "Master, I have found a place where Marvolo Gaunt indeed has a little brother, Markos Gaunt. He ran away from home once he reached seventeen and after killing his father. He then raped a woman, leading to him having a son named Marbas. I have already compelled him and your blood mother into having intercourse." "And who is this blood mother?" "Well Master, why not find out yourself?" "Oh a mystery. Any more surprises?" "Some people are not born, and some are. Some things have never been discovered or made. The world has a lot of mysteries left unsolved." "So what you're saying is that… That universe is alike, but different as well. This would mean that my information or history here should be crossed referenced, lest I say things that have yet to exist." The man placed his fingers on his chin as the thought out loud. "And the date?" "1943 of October." "My birth will be around July of 1944? How coincidental." The scarlet eyed man snorted as his servant shrugged. "And you?" "I can travel around without any restriction, Master." "Then you would not mind holding onto my treasures while we travel would you?" "I would not."