"Dammit, dammit, dammit!" I yell as the fire goes out. Another breeze blows by and I wrap my jacket around me and stick my hands in my pockets. I look at my surroundings again. I'm on a beautiful green hill with only farms around. I lost the city lights this morning. The sky looks beautiful; I can see all of the stars. I lean back against this huge oak that's right at the top of this hill. I look back at the sorry excuse of my makeshift fire pit. I'm in the beautiful state of Rhode Island. It's almost winter so that means it's in the high forties low fifties. I only have on a pair of jeans, a long sleeve, a hoodie and a sweatshirt. I don't have much money on me so I can't stay anywhere that might actually have heat or at least a blanket. I should probably explain why I'm out here with only $150 and a backpack that has three pairs of pants and shirts, some undergarments, and a ton of socks. So my mom and I have lived in New York for the past five years. I hated it. I loved living in California because all of my family was there, the ones who actually cared. We go down there for thanksgiving or Christmas every year. Sometimes if I'm lucky we'll go down for both. I love my aunts and uncle, grandparents, and great grandma. They always dote on me when we go down. They know how my mom is. They tried to help at first, but after they learned they were fighting a losing battle. My mom isn't a good mom. That may sound harsh but once you've seen how she is then you would say that was generous. She's told me that she wished that I was never born. Let me explain a little bit more. You see when my mom met my dad she thought he was the love the life of her life. He took her out a couple of times and then she was a pregnant. He stood around during the pregnancy but a couple months after I was born he left. He just told her he was leaving her. She cried and begged him not to go but he didn't listen. She took care of me hoping that I would bring him back. Then when I turned five she completely gave up all hope. At least that was what I thought. She kind of dumped me on to my aunts and grandma most of the time. All of us were glad with this arrangement. But one day when I came back from staying at my grandma's house for the past week she told me that we were moving to New York. She had the whole house packed up and plane tickets to leave the next day. I begged her to let me stay with my grandma but she said, "No I am your mother and you will stay with me. Even if we both don't like it." So I feel asleep crying that night. I realized later on she was going to use my again to try to get him back. The next morning my mom woke me up at five in the morning to catch our flight at 6:30am I remember her telling me to go brush my teeth and to get dressed afterwards. The rest is just a blur. I remember getting off the plane in New York. We had a little apartment in a semi nice neighborhood. I basically raised myself. My mom worked and then went out almost every night. She never brought anyone home and she wasn't drunk, that much at least. I would have to remind her to go grocery shopping. When I was around twelve almost thirteen she gave me money and told me to just do it myself. Whenever I need clothes or stuff for school she would complain and say, "This is why I never wanted kids all they do is nag. That's probably the reason your dad left." I had a pretty mean comeback but I didn't feel like arguing with her. I hated asking her for anything but I was saving my money to leave. I had a job walking dogs in our apartment complex and I would go grocery shopping for our neighbor . She is very unfriendly to everyone she meets but she has a little bit of a soft spot for me. She doesn't go out much since she's old and her kid's don't help her or visit her unless they want money. I think this is what has made her so cold. One day she noticed me going grocery shopping so she offered me ten dollars to go grocery shopping for her. So that week when I went she gave me forty dollars for her shopping and her grocery list. I saved her fifteen dollars. When I tried to give her the change back she refused and let me keep it. "With a mother like that it's the least I could do for you." she said with a sympathetic face. At first I thought it was pity and got very angry and embarrassed. I was about to tell her that I don't need her charity and could do fine on my own. But when I opened my mouth to talk she shut me up real quick and said, "I'm not giving you pity girl all I'm doing is a nice thing. You remind me of myself when I was your age. Looking out for yourself and doing everything in your power to get away from the people who just drag you down. And since you're so much like me I know that you could do all of this on your own but if I could speed the process I will. I know your strong just keep it up." she finished with a kind smile then she closed the door. I never realized how much I needed to hear those words until she said them. That's when I realized she wasn't a cold woman. She was just someone the world had tried to kick around but she fought back. After that every Thursday I would get her groceries and help put it way for her. Sometimes I would go around making her dinner or just talking to her. She became the small sliver of hope for me. After a couple of months I broke through her walls completely. It was wonderful she told me all about her life and I told her all about mine. Whenever I did good in school I would tell her straight away. It became a tradition that whenever I received more than three A's and the rest B's we would go out to get ice cream. But a few weeks ago I came home to show her my final semester report card for my sophomore year. I knocked on the door and waited five minutes for her to answer. I could hear the TV but she still didn't answer. I opened the door and walked to the living room. I knew already that something terrible had happened before I had even seen her. I walked into the living room and saw her sitting in her usual chain facing the TV. At first I thought she was sleeping, or rather I had hoped that she was. " , ." she didn't respond. I ran up to her and put my hand under her nose to feel for a breath. There was none. "No please god no. please you can't be dead. You can't leave me here all on my own." I couldn't stop crying. I grabbed the phone off the table right beside her to call 911. "Hello 911 what's your emergency." some lady answered. "Ye-yes I'm in my neighbor's apartment and she-she's not breathing. I-I thin-think she's dead." I said trying not to sob so bad that she could understand me. "Ok we've narrowed down your location and have sent an ambulance on the way. Can you tell me anything about her miss?" "My names Samantha, Samantha brooks." I said my voice still shaky from trying not to cry. "I'm tammy. So Samantha what is her name and how old is she?" tammy asked. "Her name is Amelia Heinz and she is I mean was eighty-three." I almost started crying again when I had to say was. "Okay they should be there thank you Samantha. I'm sorry for your lost." tammy finished. "Thank you." I hung up the phone when I heard the knocking on the door. "Ms. Brooks were here in response to your call." a male voice said. I opened the door and saw the three men. They looked like they were in their late thirties. Two men had a stretcher. "She's in the living room." I led the way to the living room. The man who knocked on the door felt her wrist for a pulse. "By the coldness of her wrist and the lack of the color it seems like she's been dead for nine hours. Well take her back to determine exactly what is wrong but for now it seems like the most possible outcome is that she died from natural causes. I couldn't take it anymore he just kept saying dead with no emotion. I started crying again. "Beck!" one of the men with the stretcher yelled. The man, beck turned back and looked at me. "Oh Ms. Brooks I'm sorry I didn't think." he said shocked. I just shook my head and continued to cry. "Would you like to say anything?" the man who reprimanded beck asked "do you think I could hug her one last time?" I asked through my tears. "Of course." he motioned for beck to back away and let me through. I walked up to her and hugged her. "thank you for being my hope and just being there for me I wish I could've been here for you." I whispered and finally let go. I turned back to the man. He had black hair, a beard and green eyes. "Thank you for letting me say goodbye." I said smiling slightly. "Of course." he made as to walk towards me but stopped after taking one step. Beck told them to but her on the stretcher. "Ms. Brooks can you fill out your information and maybe try to contact her family. Well need your some way to get a hold of you." he passed me a clip board where I put my name and house number. I handed it back to him. He walked out but turned around at the door. "I'm sorry for your loss." he said and then walked out and closed the door. I wanted to fall apart but I know she wouldn't have wanted that. So instead I went to her kitchen counter and grabbed her phone book. Even though her children didn't appreciate their mother she was still their mom so I had to call them. I remembered her telling me she had four kids, Andy is the oldest, after him is Alex, Tracy and then the youngest is Sarah. I found Alex's name first and called him from her house phone. "Mom it's not a good time right now." a deep male voice answered. "Wait please don't hang up." I said in a rush. "Who is this and why do you have my mother's phone?" he seemed genuinely concerned. It gave me some hope. "My name's Samantha brooks and I'm your mother's next door neighbor and friend. I have been helping her around the house and getting her groceries for the past four years. I had come to your mom's house to visit her and she didn't answer when I knocked so I let myself in. when I found her in her living room... well I'm sorry to say she's passed away." my throat felt like there was something caught in the middle.