The tidings had spread through Eriador that the Nazgul were abroad. For the birds told the elves that they had crossed the River Isen into Dunland and then Eregion, heading north towards the more peaceful lands. From the elven folk the Dunedain of Arthedain heard and Halbarad, a captain of the Dunedain, gathered all who could be summoned in such a short period of time to Sarn Ford where they threw up three low stone walls in the hopes of slowing the riders. Fifty gathered there with their captain and lit fires in between each row. Now the Nine were the deadliest of Sauron's servants and extensions of his evil will. They were kings who fell to Sauron's deceit, accepting rings of power from him and fading to shadows. Halbarad stood behind the first wall with his kinsfolk. All was still in the night. Even the wind was unmoving. The silence was shattered by a single, long and evil shriek less than a mile up the road. Men tensed and the courage of some began to fail. However the purest of bloodlines and oldest encouraged their comrades and set aside their fear. "Steady, men of Arnor." said Halbarad calmly. Men bent their bows with flaming shafts on their strings. Swords and spears were held ready. They did not wait long for their foes. First the wind came, howling as a fearing beast fleeing great evil and second came the beating of hooves on the packed earth and stones of the road. As the beating hooves grew louder the ringing of the drawing of swords was heard just as the enemy came into view. With the twang of many bowstrings, arrows whistled and the flaming shafts were sent. Just as it seemed that the shafts would strike their targets, one of the cloaked and hooded figures raised his hand and the fire on the shafts extinguished were themselves turned aside as if striking an invisible shield. Another volley followed and another to no avail before the black horses leapt over the first wall, slashing at the defenders behind. Ere long the rangers of the north were routed and scattered to the north, west and east. Not far from the battle field a ranger by name of Eradan lay in the brush with his two companions: an elven lore master of Rivendale, Andrial by name and a dwarf champion of Erebor named Farin. As they lay their, still as stone, one of the nine riders rode forward and stopped on the road as a group of people approached. They were men garbed in rough male and leather. Tall they were and heavily armed and in their midst road a tall man on a large black horse. The man war armor and wore an iron crown that came down to form a mask and covered the upper half of his face, showing only the mouth. The black rider's voice was heard as a rasping hiss, "Agandaur, Steward of Carn Dum our master demands the domination of the North and he commands that you deliver it to him." Aganduar bowed his head and said, "I have foreseen the Master's desires and am gathering orcs from across the north to aide in the city of Fornost." The Nazgul hissed and said, "Do not terry there long, Agandaur. Our master is impatient." "These lands have known peace for far too long. It is time that they are reminded of the name of Sauron the Great." With that, the dark man bowed his head again and turned away as the Nazgul road deeper into Eriador. Not long after they were out of sight, Eradan emerged from the brush with his companions beside him. "We cannot stay here. The enemy may return." said Andriel cautiously. But Eradan shook his hooded head and said, "Both the Nazgul and this Agandaur have pressing matters. They will not return. Something must be done but what, I know not." Farin the dwarf shouldered his large hammer and said, "But an army gathers in Fornost, the Deadman's Dike." All were silent for many minutes. Then Eradan spoke. "We will find my chieftan, Aragorn. He is wise and will know what to do." They traveled north into the lost realm of Arnor in search of Aragorn son of Arathorn who was chieftain of the Dunedain tribes. Andriel heard from the birds whom she loved that Aragorn was making his way to Bree. Six days after the battle of Sarn Ford they strode into Bree. Upon inquiring about, they heard that Strider, Aragorn's name in those parts, was at the Prancing Pony, a large inn. The three weary travelers strode into the mostly empty parlor. A small group of local men and hobbits ate and drank noisily at a table near the fire and three dwarves sat alone in a corner, muttering together with their tools and axes close. Eradan ignored them all and strode to the darkest corner of the room where a single figure sat puffing on a pipe. The three friends sat down at the table of the hooded and cloaked man who said, "It is good to see you alive and well for our kinsman could not find you after the rout at the ford." Eradan smiled under his own hood. "It is good to see you as well, cousin. It has been some time since we last met. I have news for you. By now I'm sure you have heard that the nine are abroad disguised as riders in black. What they seek, I know not but also we witnessed their lord meeting a man from Angmar called Agandaur. He spoke of an orc army that had been gathering in ancient Fornost. The destruction and domination of the north is it's purpose." Aragorn was silent for many minutes. After puffing long on his pipe he said, "Of the nine Nazgul I already knew and I know of their mission. As well I know of this Arandaur. He is the master of Carn Dum and has been for many years. Do not concern yourselves with the riders. I and a friend are handling them. As for Fornost, I am sure that Elladan and Elrohir will be traveling their soon for they have returned to Rivendale from a hunt in Rhudaur. Go there and aide them however you may." Eradan bowed his head, "We shall." Just as they finished, the innkeeper and his two hobbit helpers placed meat, cheese, potatoes, bread and even a small bowl of apples before them. Pints of beer they plopped down and the innkeeper said, "Evening masters. Will you be staying here for the night or perhaps a few?" Farin nodded and pulled silver coins from his pouch, saying "Yes, a room for myself and this man and one for the fair lady. Thank you, good innkeeper." As they sat and ate their meals, Eradan spoke in a very low tone. "Tell me of what you know, Aragorn." "Please do not use that name in this land. Here I am called Strider. I cannot say all but I will tell you this: the nine seek an item of the greatest importance to their master. They seek it in the Shire. Gandalf the Wizard said that some hobbits would be along with this item before long and asked that I stay in this area. I learned of Agandaur many years ago when I was hunting wargs in the Ettenmoors with the sons of Elrond. While we hunted their, I went off alone on the track of a group of men. It was not long before I found them. They were the descendants of the men who served the Witch-king long ago - the children of the rebel Dunedain that betrayed the kings of Arnor. I watched as their great chieftain spoke to a man who wore armor and black robes and wore a hood over his face. After many words which I could not hear, they fought and the tall man slew the chieftain of the men of Angmar and claimed his iron crown. They swore allegiance to him and to the dark lord." Eradan nodded and said, "If Agandaur has gathered the orcs of Gundabad and of the Misty Mountains then he will have a great host. I wonder too if orcs from Mordor have traveled hence to aide in the gathering." Aragorn puffed on his pipe for several moments before saying, "Trolls and wolves will have gathered with them and black uruks of Mordor will likely have gone through the east gate of Moria to gather more goblins from there. The enemy does not allow to stand idle the foul creatures that may serve at his beckoning." Andrial said, "Then the sons of Elrond will be in need of our aide. We will travel their ere dawn tomorrow. Come, let us retire, my friends." Farin and she got up and went to their rooms but Eradan stayed and said, "What item is so important that would bring the Nine from their fortresses - from Minas Morgul and Dol Guldor?" Aragorn leaned in so that their low hoods nearly touched and said in a voice that was less than a whisper, "The weapon of the enemy was found. It is now in the hand of a hobbit from the shire." Eradan's eyes widened in wonder of the news. "The Ring of power! Isildur's bane. How can this be? For even the Wise say that it is lost." Aragorn replied even more quietly, "It was found some years ago. The tale is long and not mine to tell. This hobbit who now possesses it is making his way here to meet both I and Gandalf, though how long it will take him, I know not." "How can you be sure that he will make it without aide?" Aragorn leaned back and spoke a little less quietly. "He will have at least one companion and will be avoiding the road. Gandalf suspects that they will use the Old Forest and the Burrow Downs. By these paths, they should make it here without too much danger." After hearing this, Eradan finished the last of his beer and stood. "I must rest now, cousin. Tomorrow we will go to Fornost. Where shall I meet you again?" "Rivendale though it will be many days before you do. Last I heard, our kin are returning to Sarn Ford. Go there first and aide them how you may." Eradan bowed and retired to his room. Ere dawn the next morning with provision bought from the locals of Bree, the three companions took the north road. As they went, Andrial stopped often and gathered many herbs and water from springs as she went. Part of her mastery was the lore of herbs and plants aside from many secret spells known from the wars against Morgoth and his mightiest servants that were created ages and ages ago. Also she knew many secrets from ancient realms of elves and men and dwarves. With the herbs she made potions that aided in healing, cakes that lasted many a day and strengthened those who consumed them. It was a fortnight from Breeland to the gates of the ancient fortress. As they drew near to the ancient city, they saw the tracks of orcs of many kinds and wargs and trolls from all along the mountains. As Eradan studied the tracks many cries and the sound of steel striking steel was heard from within. Swiftly the three companions ran through the gates and saw many corpses strewn in the first courtyard. Andrial held her staff and long knife ready while Eradan notched an arrow to bow string and Farin grasped his hammer. The ranger also used a pair of long elven blades and Farin ware a crossbow made skillfully by the craftsman of Erebor. The sound of many feet approached and a gate to the inside of some great and ancient building opened. Orcs came forth of many different kinds,