summary: Claire knows Quil is a wolf. She even knows that imprinting exists. But it isnt until she overhears him on the phone one night that she realizes she's his. So Claire enlists the help of her best friend to seduce Quil the summer before senior year. CxQ HEA Mature words: 3428 The night everything changed was just your usual Wednesday night. I had school in the morning and hung out with my best friend Anna afterwards. At dinner time we parted ways, I drove home, and sat on the porch to wait for Quil to show up. ...innocent... When I was a kid I didn't realize that there was anything special about a twenty something year-old guy hanging out with me. He'd been around since I was two and I just assumed everyone had one. A Quil. It wasn't until middle school that I really even began to ask questions. And that was only the case because my classmates asked. "Who's that man that always comes to the school play's Claire?" "Why do you always hang out with your brother?" I'd get mad and yell that he wasn't my brother, because something about that just felt deeply wrong. Quil wasn't my brother or my cousin or a family friend, Quil was simply mine . And he always had been. Even Jamie, my older sister began to complain why Quil was always hanging around. We didn't need a babysitter anymore, so why doesn't he hang out with people his own age. When she said that my heart stopped. He wouldn't leave right? That night my mom sent me to bed early and had a long talk with my sister. Jamie never said anything again but things still changed. On the weekends rather than have Quil come here, I would go spend them with my Aunt Emily in La Push where Quil was from. We would have family dinners with the whole pack, as Uncle Sam and Quil's friends called themselves, and Quil was still the same. He helped me with my homework, took me to the beach and bought me three ice creams because he said if I had a fourth I'd feel sick. It was on one of those summer days when I was thirteen just before high school began, that I asked him, "Quil?" He looked up from his shoe laces that he was tieing. "Hmm?" "What are you?" To me. He sat back unceremoniously. His eyes were wide and he looked over to where Uncle Sam and Aunt Emily were sitting at the other end of the beach. It almost looked like Sam was looking back at us. "What do you mean Claire-Bear?" I huffed and narrowed my eyes at him. I told Quil a million times that I was to old to be called Claire-Bear. I was just Claire now. "Like, why are you always here?" He frowned and looked down, "Do you not want me here?" For a moment I thought of saying no, to punish him for using my old nickname but I realized that I was being childish and held my tongue. Instead I answered like my mom would, with another question. "Do you want to be here?" "Of course Claire. Where else would I be?" I wrinkled my forehead. He was finally supposed to answer me not ask another question. "I don't know, like with your friends or at work or school or something." And at that moment I realized I didn't even know how old he was. Would he still be able to go to school? He didn't look any older than 20, but wasn't he a teenager when he babysat me and Jamie? No way he was only seven then, he used to drive me to kindergarten. "I see my friends everyday Claire." He smiled then as if that answered all my questions. "Quil!" This was getting really frustrating. "Why do you hang out with a thirteen year old when you are…. how old are you anyway?" "I hang out with you cus you are my best friend Claire." He rubbed my back with his large warm hand. "But why?" "Cus you are funny, and nice, you listen to my boring stories and with ice cream smeared all over your face you look cute." His eyes crinkled as he smiled at me. I quickly wiped my hand over my mouth and sure enough felt the wetness of my long gone ice cream. No wonder he didn't take me seriously. But cute?! I'm not cute, I'm pretty. I'm not some kid anymore. And then I was angry. Quil never answered my questions when I was serious. "You think a thirteen year old girl is cute?" He removed his hand like I had burned him. Finally I found a way to hurt him back. "Isn't that weird?" Truthfully I didn't think it was weird, but Jamie had, and Anna did, and I wanted to know. "It's not weird Claire." I had never seen Quil look that sad. Not even when his grandpa Quil Senior passed away. "Why, cus you're like my brother? Cus you aren't. You are not my brother. You're not even my cousin. We aren't even related. So what are you?" "I'm your friend Claire." I screeched in frustration. "That's weird Quil. Just tell me. Tell me why you hang out with a thirteen year old. Don't you have your own life? Why doesn't my mom or Emily think it's weird. You're like old." The moment the words left my mouth I realized I could lose him forever. That was not what I wanted but I was mad and it felt good to say hurtful things, even though in the end I would be the one that was hurt. Just then Sam reached us and said sharply, "Claire it's time to go home." "What? No, it's not even dark yet." I looked to Quil, normally he would be on my side, sweet talking Sam that he would take a double shift if I could stay a little longer. But this time he didn't. He didn't say anything. That's when I realized I'd screwed it all up. Emily drove me back home and I sulked in the car for forty-five minutes. When she put the car in park I snapped open my door and stormed into my house passing Jamie on the floor watching tv, and my mom folding laundry in the hallway. I pounded up the stairs, slammed my door shut, threw myself into bed and cried. I cried so long my head was pounding and I was sure I was dehydrated. My mom and Emily talked for a while but no one ever came upstairs to disturb me and I was glad. The only one I wanted to comfort me was gone forever. Things changed after that just like I knew they would. I refused to go to La Push and I even went two weeks without seeing Quil. Something I had never thought was possible. My heart ached for my friend. I figured the only way to express myself was to start wearing black, and the first weekend I don't go to La Push I grabbed my old scissors grabbed a chunk of my hair and cut. It looked truly terribly awful, and when my mom saw me come down the stairs she was so shocked she dropped the glass salad bowl. But it made me feel better. Finally I did see Quil again, after those first two weeks. He came by the house with a bunch of flowers and chocolate for me. My heart started racing and I almost ran out to jump into his arms. But then I saw Jamie's face, pulled into a grossed out sneer. And I realized that this was weird. My dad brought my mom flowers and chocolate when they had a fight or on date night. So I didn't accept them even though I desperately wanted too. I saw him around every once and awhile then, at grocery stores and the nearby mall. My mom told me that he moved here to the Makah tribe for work. I couldn't believe that he stopped working for Uncle Sam but I had no way of asking him why. On my fourteenth birthday I asked my mom not to invite him, or anyone but Emily and Sam from La Push. I regretted it the moment I woke up and didn't smell the burnt waffles Quil tried to make me every year. But my pride won out once again. It wasn't until I was almost through freshman year at high school when one of the boys started a rumour that I had herpes because I wouldn't kiss him that things between Quil and I changed. That whole week at school everyone made fun of me. Only Anna and my sister stuck up for me but it wasn't enough. That weekend was the first party of the summer and I wasn't invited. Not only that, I was specifically un invited. I didn't tell my mom, Jamie didn't know, and that Friday night I ran away. I wanted to make it to first beach in La Push. I didn't know why, I just knew that that would be the only place I could feel better. After a three hour walk in the rain I gave up. I walked over to the road and held out my hand hoping someone would take me in either direction. And then it happened. I saw a blue rusty truck that I knew all too well. I quickly pulled in my hand and turned my back to the approaching car hoping he wouldn't see me. But he did. He had the car pulled over and me in his arms before I could even say "Quil." He pulled off his toasty sweatshirt to give me to keep warm and pulled me into his car. I started to cry. When he drove back towards Makah I cried harder. I blubbered, "La Push" and finally he turned the car around. He held open his right arm and I curled into his chest and sobbed. When he stopped the car I was still crying, but not about school or the part or that stupid boy Mark. I was crying because of Quil. Because of how much I missed him and how stupid I was. Finally he picked me up and carried me into his house, which wasn't in Makah at all but still in La Push, unless he now owned two homes. He put me on the couch and wrapped me in three blankets before he grabbed my cell and called my mom. I didn't hear much of the conversation but when he asked when she'd be here I cried out. I could not leave him. Not again. Not tonight. Quil sat back down beside me and asked if I wanted to stay here tonight and go home tomorrow I blubbered and nodded my head. We watched movies all night long and Quil let me eat an entire tub of ice cream for the first time. When it became hard for me to keep my eyes open he moved over so I could lean against his chest, and that's how I fell asleep. I woke up the next morning in the exact same position. Quil's head had fallen back and he was snoring so loud his entire body was shaking. Both his arms were wrapped around me, and mine were fisted in his shirt. And it felt wonderful and strange and not at all wrong. I realized at that moment that I was in love with Quil. Not like a brother or a friend but the way a girl loves a boy. I started crying again and Quil woke quickly, tightening his grip around me. But he never asked why, and it made me love him even more. My mom came soon after and when we were in the car she did ask why. So finally