The first day of school left me with my usual sense of dread. And I knew this time it would be worse. Because I was Charlie's daughter. The chief of police. At least I hadn't needed a ride to school from him in the cruiser. He got me an old truck from some friend that I was supposed to remember from summers long passed. It was loud and looked like it could break down at any second but it gave me freedom so I loved it. After that I hugged my dad for the first time since I was a little girl and had scraped my knees falling off my bike. The school was easy to find and I picked the first spot I saw in the almost empty parking lot. I arrived half an hour early so I would have time to sign in. Charlie's vague directions said that the office was the building to my right so I entered the first one I saw and was happy to find the secretary Mrs. Cope, whose box-dye red hair I had assumed was a red balloon from across the lot. She eyed me up and down and broke out a huge smile showing a full set of yellow teeth and wafting the strong smell of stale coffee toward me. I hated coffee breath. "Isabella! We have been expecting you! Your father is so happy to have you here. We all are. I remember seeing you when you were just a little girl with your mom. Shame what happened to her, she…" I drowned out Mrs. Cope's scratchy voice. She cleared her throat then and I could hear her swallow whatever it was that had caused her scratchiness. I resisted the urge to shudder. Instead I plastered a smile on my face and spoke in the sweet voice Samantha had used back in Phoenix when she wanted something. "Mrs. Cope you are too kind! And can I say that your hair looks fabulous? I hope you don't mind but I'm in a bit of a hurry. See I'm new here," I laughed honestly at that. "Which you obviously know. And I would love some time to explore the campus before classes start." I showed her my blinding white teeth in return. Phil had awesome dental care plans. She blinked at me once, then twice. I worried that I had done something wrong, I just had absolutely no interest in the town's gossip speak about my mother. Then Mrs. Cope slid all my papers towards me and said kindly, "You have a good first day hun." The old Bella might have felt bad for interrupting Mrs. Cope, to whom I was probably to most interesting occurrence of the year, but in Phoenix I had changed. At the insistence of my mother Renee I had actually tried. Tried to be social and make friends, tried to have a good time. Of course I mainly did this because she promised me this would be our last move before college. And I needed to finally be a teenager. She had Phil now to take care of her. Not that she had made me move here. I could just tell that it was tearing her apart to have to stay home with me while Phil travelled the US with his minor baseball league. And so I decided to let the old Bella come out to play one more time, before closing that box and shoving it away forever. I was starting as a junior so I had two years to make friends and have a great time. I had lightly coated my freakishly long but stubbornly straight lashes in mascara, and pulled on my favourite pair of black skinny jeans and a dark blue v-neck sweater. You could just see the slightest hint of cleavage. Samantha had always said to keep it classy after all. She had been my best friend in Phoenix. The first true friend I had ever had. I was sad to have parted with her, but the truth was that I had never felt a hundred percent comfortable in my role as her friend. With her I was always pretending to be more. I wasn't the old Bella but I also wasn't Samantha's Bella. I was somewhere in between. And Forks would be the perfect place to discover that person. I walked back to my truck to grab my bag and hurried up the stairs to the school when the light drizzle turned into rain. The student parking lot had started to fill with cars and I was happy to notice that my truck didn't start out terribly. Except for a shiny silver car and what looked like a red BMW it actually fit in. Satisfied I turned and pushed on the door that clearly read pull. Before I could pull the door was pushed open from the inside and a boy with blonde hair came out backwards laughing at someone behind him. He knocked into me and I "oofed" as I fell on my ass, all of Mrs. Cope's papers landing in the puddles around me. The boy turned quickly and looked at me confused before realization dawned on his face. Here we go. "Ohmygosh I am so sorry Isabella." He hurriedly bent down to grab all of my things but the sodden paper ripped in his hands. "Uhm that's okay," I blushed. At least I wasn't wearing white pants. But I was sure that my jeans were absolutely soaked and maybe even stained. Before any of us could make another move, a tiny wraith of a girl with chin length black hair came over and pulled me to my feet. "Hi I'm Alice! You must be Isabella, you are all anyone has been talking about last week." She bent down to my papers and took the ripped ones out of the blonde boys hand. "I can ask Mrs. Cope to make copies for you if you want." Her smile was absolutely dazzling and for a second I forgot how to breathe. She definitely had a good dental plan. "Just Bella." Her smile grew even wider, "Okay just Bella, I have some pants in my car you can borrow, They might be a bit short but the cropped ankle look is totally in right now. I'll bring them to you so you can change and I'll get those copies for you." Before I could even process what she said Alice was back with a pair of white jeans. Blonde boy mumbled "sorry" to me again and then took off shooting a nervous glance at Alice. Maybe he had a crush on her? She was absolutely breathtaking. If she wasn't so short I'm sure she would be walking the runways in Paris right now. "Thanks, you didn't have too." I gingerly took the new pants out of her outstretched hands. "Nonsense Bella! It's no problem and you'll want to make a good impression, it's your first day." She started walking back to the office then turned around and said, "first door on your left." I picked up my backpack and walked into the school heading quickly to what I hope she meant was the closest bathroom. Thankfully it was. I took of my booties and jeans not even bothering to enter a stall before pulling on her white pants. The were a bit tight around my butt and definitely fit the cropped ankle look but I absolutely loved them. I had planned to wear white jeans with my outfit this morning but had worried that something like this would happen. I looked at my black pants and saw that the puddle I fell into was muddy and left brown stains. That would have been seriously embarrassing. I quickly turned them inside out so I wouldn't get my bag dirty and stuffed them in. Thank god for Alice. I would totally bake her some of my awesome chocolate cupcakes for this. Just as I was leaving the bathroom the bell rang. If this was anything like Phoenix this was just the warning bell but I had no idea how things worked in a small school like Forks High. Thankfully I saw Alice right away with my new papers in her hand. She was walking with some ridiculously good looking guy with dirty blonde hair slightly longer than hers. "Bella! Hey this is my boyfriend Jasper. Jasper meet Bella, my new best friend." I waved shyly at him and gladly accepted my papers. He smiled briefly and then walked in the other direction with a pained look on his face. I must have looked hurt because Alice quickly told me, "not to worry," and that, "Jasper was just a bit shy." Her voice was so honest that I had no trouble believing her and gladly accepted her help in finding my first class. It had been a warning bell after all. She informed me that we had lunch and last period gym together and I was relieved to know that I had already made a friend in Forks. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all. My first class was English where the teacher Mr. Berty made me, to my utter horror, introduce myself to the whole class. I quickly stammered out that my name was Bella and I was new here (duh) and then sat down in my seat. After a few second of calming my racing heart I sighed. Being put on the spot was something I had never grown accustomed too. I was much more normal if I had a few seconds to collect my thoughts first. The blonde boy who knocked me over this morning was in my class. He introduced himself as Mike and apologized again. Then I caught him checking out my butt as I leaned over to grab my bag and he said that I looked hot. I blushed crimson and mumbled my thanks. At that moment I wanted to get as far away from Mike as possible. Especially because I saw the brunette that sat in front of me giving me the stink eye. But we had the next class together and I still wasn't sure of the layout of the school. Stink eye unfortunately was also in my class. Which also happens to be trig. Thankfully the teacher Mr. Varner didn't make me introduce myself. Even if I had thought of a funny line about how I liked long walks on the beach in the rain. I figured it was appropriate for Forks weather. The class passes slowly and I already knew that this hour would become the bane of my existence. Next was lunch to which Mike invited me to sit with "them" which I assumed included stink eye, who I now knew was Jessica Stanley, because her face turned bright red and she made a little squeaking noise. I politely declined saying that Alice had already invited me, which was technically a lie but she was the one who mentioned that we had lunch together and that I was her "new best friend." Jessica gawked at me. "Alice Cullen?!" I feigned nonchalance and shrugged my shoulders. Hopefully I hadn't made a mistake by telling them that. Maybe we didn't have lunch together or maybe she never ate in the cafeteria. There had to be some reason why Jessica was so shocked. Before I could doubt myself more I turned on my heel and walked out of trigonometry. I decided to look for my locker first so that I wouldn't get to lunch before Alice. My lock was old and rusty and didn't work until the fifth try but I finally got it open. I put a few papers inside and then locked it back up. No one was left in the halls so I wasn't sure which way the cafeteria was but a assumed it was at the other end of the building where I had seen Mike and Jessica go. The mindless