p dir="ltr" style="margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"strongspan style="vertical-align: baseline; background-color: transparent;" span style="font-family: 'Comic Sans MS';"span style="font-size: 11px; line-height: 1; white-space: pre-wrap;"The Doer of the /spanspan style="font-size: 11px; line-height: 11px; white-space: pre-wrap;"Undoable Chap 1/span/span/span/strong/p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;" /p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;" /p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 11px; font-family: 'Comic Sans MS'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;"I looked around and saw that I had finally come to the place I had left so long ago. I turned and felt chains around my wrists squeeze tighter as I glared at the goddess who finally captured me after two thousand years of searching for me. I looked at the group of adolescent girls around me wearing silver and carrying bows. I snarled as one pushed me forward my mask being ripped off ,underneath was the hero of Olympus who had disappeared for years after the Giant war. I heard gasps fly around the small camp as my scars were shown covering my face hands and feet any open skin was cut with vertical slashes up and down marking years I had survived in the pit. I had left Olympus after the war and her betrayal to Gaea. /span/p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 11px; font-family: 'Comic Sans MS'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;"In the last fight Me and Annabeth had walked up to face Gaea alone and she walked straight over to her and stood next to her grasping her drakon sword in one hand and a earthen shield in the other. I didn't know what to do so I just stared in shack as Annabeth hugged Gaia. I heard her whisper "it's done mother" and she flew down into the earth with a smile on her face. I looked at Gaia confused and enraged that she had managed to take the one closest to me and turn her I looked around and saw that the ground was trembling and water was pouring out in several places as if it was responding to my anger. I didn't know what came over me but I felt like I had something on my back I reached back and pulled out a scythe. Not just a scythe the Scythe the same that chopped up Ouranos and Kronos. I felt power flow through me and I pushed the scythe towards Gaia and I saw her eyes change from amusement to horror as she realized the weapon I now had in my grasp. I felt power flow over me again and I looked at the scythe and saw words forming in front of it I saw the words Kronos said as I left Tartarus "Power is yours to take it has been since you were twelve". I felt my hands glow and I surged forward with my scythe biting into her shoulder and ripping into her abdomen. She fell forward gasping and glaring at me as for the first time the earth Primordial felt pain rip through her large frame. Even at one hundred feet my scythe still twirled in my hands as I cut through monster surrounding the rest of my friends. I saw the face of Gaia trying to rise again and I walked forward and simply cut her head from her body. As it rolled down the side of the original Mount Olympus I felt immense power come from her body and I fell onto my knees weakened from the surge of power. The Olympians rushed over when they saw me glow a bright sea green, mud brown and gold light. They backed away quickly as my height rose to hundreds of feet. I fell to the ground with a massive crash as I felt my back flare with pain right next to my shoulder blades as my back began to glow white and yellow I looked back and saw to large black forms rising from my back. I had giant midnight black wings! I flew over to the battle my wings wiping out of my back with a shsck! I felt the ground below me cushion my fall and I pointed at the monster army ,my monster army, I could feel the auras of the earth ,air ,sea ,and time surrounding me and pulsing power into my system. I shouted in anger and the earth rose up from the ground covering the entire monster army in hard rock. They then began to glow golden time aged them all to dust. I never felt a slimmer of power leave my system. I felt the power increase exponentially as I consumed their powers with the scythe. I looked over my friends and the Gods with a worried eye as they stared at me as if I had grown a second head. I shrunk down to my normal size of six two and my wings fanned out to twice my height on either side. I bowed to the Gods and felt my father step forward and hug me I was in a daze from everything I pulled away and started walking away to never be found again. /span/p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;" /p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 11px; font-family: 'Comic Sans MS'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;"I looked back at Artemis and let my wings fan out and my power roll of me in waves of anger and something ,something cold. Oddly enough Artemis smiled at me and I saw something in her eyes that I thought I would never see from a maiden goddess ,love, I stopped time for everyone but me and her I looked at her questioningly and she seemed to notice time being frozen and the gold aura around me. She ran at me and I tensed expecting to get attacked but she just jumped and wrapped her arms around my neck. I froze and looked at her oddly which she blushed at and mumbled something about "missing me cause I saved her". I remembered fighting giants and then I thought of Artemis and snap I remembered when I came into a clearing with Gration standing above her with her tied to the ground with celestial bronze chains and saw him trying to unclothe her. I saw my vision flash red and next thing I knew she was free and Gration was lying on the ground ichor pooling around him and me breathing heavily on top of his chest with my scythe poised at his neck. "You despicable piece of Minotaur dung I will punish you for this ,I will make you FADE" I swung my scythe repeatedly at his neck feeling ichor splatter over my body as I slowly watched his body flicker and finally fade from existence. I looked at Artemis and nodded smiling she nodded and said "I really need to thank you for that" I smiled at her and found that I needed to return the hunters to normal time or they might never recover. She started at that but I saw her flush a deep golden and push away from me quickly. She said "sorry for this" and snapped her fingers as I found celestial bronze chains wrapping around my body and I simply laughed before corroding the metals using my time powers. Her eyes bugged out from her head and she looked like she would faint if I did something like that again. I looked at her and my wings reached forward and pushed myself into the air as I felt the power over one of my many domains pulse under me and I rose into the air over Olympus as she followed me I dropped straight onto the mountain city and looked around quickly before Artemis landed next to me with a thump and her breath coming in ragged gasps. "How" I heard her mumble almost incoherently. I smirked at her and started walking with a cocky grin on my face. I left the power to roll of me in waves as I strutted forward. My armor appeared over my body and I heard Artemis gasp behind me I turned and looked at her with my helmet at my side. I raised and eyebrow asking a silent question. She blushed ,for some reason, and looked away "That armor is truly beautiful ,Percy". I raised another eyebrow after she finished speaking "watch and see how you feel after I put the helmet on". I slipped the helmet over my head and felt the transformation begin I rose to over seven feet and looked down upon Artemis who rose to her godly height as the rest of my armor changed from silver and gold to black. The armor seemed to draw everything in and push out with just enough force to get people to want to bow in front of me. I felt the blood of everyone around me being pulled in by the blood in their body and I grumbled under my breath "You already ate today". The armor rose and the helmet changed to horns on my head as I rose and a tail came from my back. I looked like a demon with my suit of darkness. I looked over and felt Artemis tear her eyes from my face as I began to shift through her memories savoring those I could take from her that had massive amounts of pain. I savored every drop of the memory and I saw her shoulders lift a little higher as I took the painful memories and absorbed them into myself I felt my armor grow and my muscles tighten. I stopped and started walking to the throne room as I felt a surge of power run into the room as Zeus felt my presence. I opened the doors to be met with all the gods in their true forms I looked over every last one as I felt them all directing power at me and I almost smiled. I felt my armor ,Σκοτάδι, pulse with glee as I absorbed every last extra ounce of power the were directing at me. Me height rose and I laughed with a sound of crashing metal all the power stopped coming. I sighed and took of my helmet, me stature sinking down back to my still impressive height of six two. I let my wings fan out and the Olympians finally saw my face and I felt a shudder run through the rooms as they recognized who I was. /span/p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"strong id="docs-internal-guid-6602d075-c8e5-78d8-bd1e-1f82bf32fd44" style="font-weight: normal;" /strong/p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 11px; font-family: 'Comic Sans MS'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Well hello Olympians its been a long time" I said with a smile. I looked over every last one and I saw most women just staring at my tight fitting shirt with a look of complete lust. I looked at Aphrodite to see that she was changing her look every time she looked at me and for a second she looked like ,her, then she looked like Artemis for a while. I was angered by her constant changing and forced myself to walk towards her and I put my hand on her shoulder and I pushed down on her and she changed into her original form I looked at her and whispered in her ear. "I like you better this way" I felt a shudder run through her as I pulled my hand away from her shoulder and looked to see Artemis glaring at her with a ferocity. I shrugged and walked to the middle of the room and I felt Zeus staring at me. As I began my story "After