Title: What Time May Heal Rating: T Summary: Legolas has spent two weeks as a captive. He is tortured daily both mentally and physically. What's Worse: Aragorn won't be coming for him. Heavy eyes opened into slightly less darkness. The eyes moved slowly about the room as a figure took in his surroundings. He shifted in his chains and winced in pain; biting his already worn lip to stifle any sound of pain. As consciousness returned, he attempted to evaluate his new injuries. After a moment, he decided that none were all that life threatening for the time being, just painful. The figure sighed and closed his eyes in exhaustion. His captors would not let him sleep for more than a few hours time, and he was only given enough food and water to sustain his life. It had been this way for two long weeks by his approximation. The figure's captor was a cruel man, and only spoke to him during the hour or so that he was beating, burning, or taunting his captive after the figure frustrated him to pure madness. He humiliated the figure further by having an iron collar fashioned and placed around the pale throat of the captive; the insignia on the collar stating that the captive was his own property. Opening his eyes again, the captive now noticed the absence of light. Judging by the light, the captive determined that he had been out most of the day. A rueful grin crossed his lips as he was not surprised that this was so. The torture he had gone through that morning was even more harsh than usual. Why? The captive had no idea nor did he care. As it was, the being was slowly growing tired of life and was silently praying for death everyday. His musings were cut short as someone approached where he was chained to the wall behind him. He raised his weary head fixing a stony look on his face as his captor appeared in front of him carrying a torch. The captive winced at the intrusion of light and glared at his hated captor. "Well, well Legolas, you're awake then?" his captor sneered. Legolas knew better than to reply and remained silent. "You've been out nearly a day your highness. Was I maybe too rough? Next time I'll keep in mind you're more sensitive due to your status and be more gentle." Legolas gritted his teeth and continued to merely glare. The man before him frowned in obvious annoyance. The elf rarely spoke to him unless it was an insult or sharp retort. He marveled at the spirit of the elf. "Nothing to say your highness?" he jibed. Again Legolas remained silent. The man frowned and leaned closer so that his face was a mere foot from the elf's. "It would be better for you if you would at least entertain me with dialogue." Legolas all but bared his teeth as he replied. "I have nothing to say to you Maethas," Legolas spat, "and if I did, I doubt you would have anything intelligent in which to reply." "My, my you still have not learned any manners whilst being our guest?" Maethas teased, "Most people would have learned by now." "A guest would imply that I was here on my own free will. I most certainly do not choose to be in your company so I suggest substituting that word. And what can I say? I'm a slow learner," Legolas replied coldly. "Tsk Tsk your highness! It is rude to speak in such a way to your host. I swear, I think that royalty in today's world has forgotten how to act. Such a shame that your father taught you so terribly," Maethas taunted laughing when Legolas growled and lunged in his chains. "There's the temper I was looking for. I need it to come out so that I can beat it out of you." Legolas remained at the end of his chains even though it caused him great pain to do so. "You can insult me all you would like, but you may NOT disrespect my father in front of me." "I believe I just did your highness," Maethas countered confidently, "so what are you going to do about it?" Legolas smirked. "Nothing. Because you have me trussed like a common dog. If I were to engage you in a fair fight, you'd be finished in an instant. Humans are obsolete when compared to my people," Legolas drawled easily. Maethas growled at the elf who was still smirking at him. Maethas's growl turned into his own smirk just as Legolas's turned into a scream of pain. Maethas grinned and pulled the recently placed daggers from Legolas's thigh and shoulder. Legolas fell backwards and gripped his thigh and shoulder which had begun to bleed profusely. "I believe I have made my point your highness. Why you protect your father is a mystery to me...for he does not care a lick about you. You befriended the enemy, a human. What kind of father would still love his son after that form of betrayal?" Legolas's eyes went blank and Maethas grinned, "Indeed I have made my point your highenss... But those chains make it very possible for you to attack me…and that just won't do." That said, Maethas gripped one chain then the other and pulled them so they were shorter and higher on the wall. Legolas gave a brief cry of pain as he had to decide which was more important to him, his leg or his shoulder. The elf finally sat on the floor and allowed his arms to remain stretched over his head. He had, however, not lost any of the fire in his eyes, much to Maethas's disbelief. "Why can't I break you?" he asked quietly, "Is it because you still entertain delusions of rescue your highness?" Legolas finally lost some of the fire. "No," he whispered with certainty, "nobody will be coming for me. No one has the skill in which to track me." "No one?" Maethas asked with a grin, "what about your human friend…the king. You two are practically joined at the hip are you not? Won't he come for you?" "He will not come," Legolas replied with certainty closing his eyes in pain at this fact. Maethas studied the blonde elf for a moment before realization dawned on him. "Ah! I see. The happy couple is having a fight then? How tragic." "Shut up," Legolas growled, his eyes still closed. "What did you do elf? I am sure it was your fault after all," Maethas asked cruelly, deliberately reminding the elf of the fight. Legolas remained quiet as he thought of what had happened between himself and his best friend Aragorn. They had had a fight during one of the councils that Aragorn had held… "…the border patrols on the Northeast side are weak my lord," Creol, one of Aragorn's seneschals was saying, "we are just asking for an attack on that side." "I understand what you are saying Creol, but we have no more men who are prepared for that kind of defense to spare! An attack is much more likely from the south territories and I think you know that," Aragorn replied with a sigh. "What about taking just fifty men from each patrol from the Southern patrols? Surely that would not harm too much!" Creol argued. "What if that is what the enemy is waiting for? There are more families in the South than in the North. Should we not think of them first?" Aragorn argued back. "Think of Gondor as a whole my lord," another seneschal argued, "economically speaking, it is wiser to protect the farming families than the basket weavers and the pot makers!" "All life is valued equally in this kingdom," Legolas suddenly interjected, "one life does not hold precedence over another just because their occupation provides better commerce to the citadel." Aragorn silently thanked his friend and nodded in agreement. "Legolas is right, this matter is solved." The council continued on until all of the subjects had been approached and settled. After dismissing all of the disgruntled councilors, only Aragorn and Legolas remained. Pressing his hands over his eyes, and sighing deeply, Aragorn placed his head on the table in front of him. "Close the door Legolas," Aragorn ordered quietly. Legolas obeyed silently. Aragorn sat up and looked at his long time friend. "What is it you wish to say mellon nin? You never spoke for or against the first measure; only stated the obvious. What is on your mind?" Legolas smiled sheepishly. "It is nothing Aragorn, only…" "Just spit it out Legolas!" Aragorn grated, "I am weary from the day and dancing around the subject will not help matters." "My apologies your majesty," Legolas responded sarcastically. "I am sorry Legolas. No matter my foul mood, I have no right to be rude to you. Please, tell me what is on your mind," Aragorn sighed giving Legolas an apologetic look. "It is only…the Northeast border…they are right about it being weak," Legolas approached carefully. "I know this Legolas," Aragorn commented in frustration. "Not only are they weak my friend, but they might as well not even be there. I know that you think attack is more likely to happen in the Northeast section of the kingdom than in the South, but perhaps we should look at this issue more carefully," Legolas spoke slowly, and clearly so as not to insult Aragorn accidentally. It did not work. "Are you saying that my judgment on this matter is inadequate?" Aragorn asked in a near growl. Legolas looked taken aback. "Of course not! I am merely sugge-" "Are you saying Legolas, that all of your talk about all human life being equal was just a fancy tongue? Do you not really believe that?" Aragorn demanded, fire coming to his eyes. "I would hope you know me better than that," Legolas snapped back, "I AM keeping everyone in mind. That section is the farming section just as Creol said! If you would think about it-" "I HAVE thought about it Legolas!" Aragorn yelled back, "So what if they're farmers! Their lives are not more important than the 'basket weavers and pot makers'!" "I realize that Aragorn!" Legolas yelled back, "I am not saying they are not important. Would you listen to me before you go interrupting me? I swear sometimes you can be so hotheaded!" "If I am so hotheaded, then why do you continue to pretend to side with me in meetings?? Aragorn fired back. "I don't know why. Perhaps I should not," Legolas responded sarcastically, "perhaps I should point out your every flaw from now on." "That would be better than pretending to agree with me then telling me later you did not," Aragorn responded. "I am not going to make a point of embarrassing you in these matters Aragorn. There is no shame in not knowing what to do! You are new at this!" Legolas responded evenly trying to placate the human. "Perhaps you purposely do not tell me during the meetings, so that I look even more foolish later on Legolas. Is that it?" Aragorn demanded. "That's crazy Aragorn! You are my closest friend! Why would I want to do that?" Legolas asked completely taken aback. "I don't know. But how can I call you friend when I do not know if I can trust you?!" Aragorn screamed not looking at the elf. Silence reigned over the room after that comment, and Aragorn looked up at Legolas. The elf's eyes were wide and showed much hurt in them. Finally, he looked defeated back at the floor. "If that is the case," he whispered, "then perhaps I should not be serving on this council." This time Aragorn looked taken aback. "Wha-" "If you cannot trust me…then I should not be on this council…and perhaps you should not call me friend then," Legolas choked. "Perhaps not then," Aragorn