Chapter One: Only Human A/N: Hi guys, so this is our first attempt at a joint story...Maddie will be writing from Silken's perspective and Ryder will be writing from Quinn's. Hope you enjoy! Silken Moray – District 1 I have a plan. Some might call it insidious. Others might say it's downright selfish, spiteful even. But the thing is, I've kind of given up on caring about what other people think. That's why I wake up at the crack of dawn, showering and dressing before the rest of my family are even awake. As I pull the brush through my auburn hair, anger giving way to the impatient tearing through of snarls, I realise that I haven't forgotten the three other people who still lie sleeping soundly. They have no idea I know of a deception fifteen years in the making. "You're up early." That's the response I get when I hammer on the door of my best friend, Tiara. She knows I've been surly lately. She doesn't know why. Neither does she know what I have planned. Today's a very special day – Reaping Day, if we're getting precise. I don't normally make decisions based off anything other than logic and facts, but sometimes the beast gets angry when people rattle its cage and tauntingly wave their fingers through the bars, begging for them to be bitten off. "I couldn't stick it out at home any longer," I mutter, folding my arms over my chest. "I get what you mean," Tiara says sympathetically, although she really doesn't. "Is it your sister again?" My sister. Oh man, I could laugh so hard at that. Really, I mean, what a joke. I should have seen it earlier, but I guess I wasn't exactly looking for the signs. My sister Retra, who'll be thirty years old next year. The only thing is, she's not my sister. I'd been lied to my entire life. Retra is my mother, probably knocked up by some random guy she slept with and never saw again. The only reason I know is because I overheard my parents – grandparents – discussing with Retra whether she wanted to tell me when I turned sixteen. Well, I'm not sixteen for another few months, but I'm already away that everything I thought I knew is a lie. "I guess," I reply vaguely. Tiara pats my shoulder. "It's possible you're also worrying about the reaping. Come on, I'll get you some nice greasy bacon and eggs." Most people would cringe at the thought of all that oil and fat, but not me. I'm the sort of person who seems to have a stomach made of stone. I wolf down eggs and bacon as Tiara picks fussily at her food. She doesn't have the hunger that I do, the determination. You see here in District 1, it's about how fast you are, how quick your reflexes are. When the name of the tribute is called, the volunteers run for the stage, like rats towards scraps of food. The first one to get there wins. I'm fast, very fast. After breakfast, Tiara fixes my hair into a braid, and I return the favour by tying hers into a ponytail. Tiara has always been vain about her appearance. She's stunning and she knows it. Her main vanity is her hair, dark and shiny and smooth. In comparison, there's me, with hair the colour of dried blood and a smattering of freckles across my face. Not what you'd call a great beauty, but eventually Tiara's beauty will fade, like a flower wilting after the spring. The procession into the courtyard is in solemn silence, but this is dictated more by tradition than seriousness itself. In reality, many of those who are of reaping age are bubbling with excitement, just waiting for the chance to volunteer. The name of the tribute will be read out, and if they don't head up to the stage, the race will begin. I file into my place beside Tiara. I know that she doesn't want to be picked out. She's probably worried that she'd ruined her hair in the arena. I force back a snicker. "Welcome, ladies and gentlemen!" This year's escort is all smiles, and I refrain from rolling my eyes. The overly peppy ones get on my nerves. Sure, some kids are enthusiastic about the Games, but this escort is going to act like this is a picnic instead of an event during which twenty-three people will be violently killed. Her hair is a shocking shade of blue that should be made illegal. "My name is Cerise and I'm your escort this year." I can see the young man who will be the mentor of this year's tributes, 37th Hunger Games Victor Rhindal Matheson. He's in his early twenties and half of the girls in our district are in love with him, obsessing over his honey-blonde hair and blue-green eyes. Sure, he's tall and muscular, but he's also so serious that I don't think I've ever seen him crack a smile. Hardly the sort of guy I'd consider swooning over. I find myself zoning in and out as Cerise starts rambling on about the Dark Days and the bombing of District 13 – I mean really, who cares ? It all happened years ago now. The Games are just as much of a show of the Capitol's power as they are a means of exacting revenge on the districts. I stifle a yawn, and Tiara glowers at me, possibly the only person who is actually paying attention. Maybe she just likes Cerise's hair. "Now for the lucky boy and girl," Cerise chirps, and that's when I zone back in and start really paying attention, because I know that once the name is called, I have to take my chance. I hear Cerise's heels clicking across as she reaches into the glass bowl. She clears her throat. "Kailey Benedict." I have no clue who Kailey is, but my heart is racing as I frantically search around for any signs of movement. Finding none, I'm off like a shotgun, just like several other girls. One of them is closer to the front than me, but I sprint at her and shove her roughly aside. No one is going to spoil this for me. It's my moment and I won't risk anyone taking this away from me. It's only when I collapse on the stone steps, skinning my knees in the process, that I realise I actually did get there first. "What's your name?" Cerise inquires as I push myself to my feet, panting from exertion. "Silken Moray," I breathe into the microphone, and at the back of the crowd, I can distinctly see my mother, Retra, tensing in complete shock. I can't help but smile. They keep secrets from me, and I keep mine from them. Besides, what's family worth when they've all been lying about what they are? I was angry at them for hiding things, and I made my choice – I took the chance to shine. "Now for the boy!" Cerise saunters over to the other glass bowl, and I find my eyes scanning the crowd. I don't really associate with many of the boys my own age, as I see them as immature and juvenile. Cerise draws the slip, and District 1 holds its breath. "Dex Rhodes!" There's movement down the back where the eighteen-year-olds are standing. A boy with golden blonde hair and olive skin steps out, raising his chin determinedly. I remember Dex a little. He has an identical twin, who I think is called Ace. This twin grabs Dex's shoulder, attempting to pull him back. "No! Don't do it!" Dex shrugs Ace off and strides towards the front. He's tall, over six feet, easily the kind of guy who – like Rhindal – girls could obsess over. He looks younger than his age, but I think that's because he has very boyish features. Cerise looks pleased and she turns back to me, as though she's just remembered I still exist. "Tributes, shake hands." I'm expecting that Dex will try and crush my fingers when he takes my hand, but although his grip is firm, he surprisingly chooses not to display his strength. He probably thinks it's already obvious. After all, he's eighteen and a big guy, while I'm three years younger and barely scraping five foot six. I can see Ace still visibly fuming down the back. Why is that? Is he angry, thinking that Dex took what might have been his chance, or is this his way of conveying that he's upset about his brother's possible fate? I fold my arms as Retra hurries into the waiting room. I don't have long with her, but I wish that I didn't have any time at all. I remain stiff as a board in her arms as she hugs me close, pressing her face into my hair. When she pulls back, her blue eyes are glittering with a mixture of anger and concern. "Why did you do that, Silken?" she demands, shaking me by the shoulders. "Why did you volunteer?" I wrench out of her grasp and draw my hand back, before slapping her across the face. I'm not exactly what one would call physically strong, but my years of training mean that I'm not what anyone would be able to call weak. Retra staggers, pressing a hand to the red mark on her cheek as I watch in vicious satisfaction. She had that coming. I still haven't forgiven her, or my grandparents, for keeping me in the dark. Don't I deserve to know my parentage? "You know you deserved that," I snap at her, "How long did you think you could keep it hidden? Were you actually ever going to tell me?" Retra looks confused. "Silk, what are you talking about?" "I'm not your sister!" I snarl at her, clenching my hands into fists. "I'm your daughter . Did you think that I would never find out?" Horror contorts Retra's features. I can't help but relish in her astonishment. She probably took me for an idiot, thinking that I was never going to discover her little secret – me. I'm still fuming. Even the fact that I'm participating in the Games doesn't bring me any real satisfaction. It was just to shock Retra, and my grandparents. To show them that I hold surprises in me as well. "How…how did you…?" "I overheard you talking to our 'parents'," I say the last word with heavy sarcasm. "I was nothing but a little accident. How old were you again, fourteen? Slut." She flinches at the word 'slut'. "You don't understand. Silken…" "You're right, I don't." I cut her off sharply, folding my arms over my chest once more. "And I have no intention of trying to. Leave me alone, Retra. You might have given birth to me, but you're no more my mother than I am a boy." Retra looks stung by my words, but then her face closes, her eyes growing hard. She turns on her heel and marches out. The Peacekeepers enter as she exits, and I draw myself up to full height, knowing that it's time to leave the district. Do I regret that I'm leaving everything behind? No, because my family is full of liars. I intend to win these Games, and when I do – when, not if – I'll have a nice little house in the Victor's Village, where I'll never have to see them again. I can see Dex and Ace talking in whispers. It's so hard to tell who is who, but I remember that Dex was wearing a green shirt when he walked up, so that must be Ace in the blue. After a moment Ace nods curtly and draws back. Dex rakes a hand through his hair, walking over towards where Rhindal stands attempting to ignore Cerise's excitable chattering. "You two will do." Rhindal's eyes