Disclaimer: (CONTENT and LEGAL) All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Notes: Life is sloooowly starting to settle down a bit for me. The home renovations are just about done until next spring, work is a little less crazy, and LTOYL is complete. In addition to fanfiction, I have ventured into the world of OF publishing, so some of my focus is on that. If you're interested in slash, keep your eyes open for further details, because I will be publishing a slashy short story with Dreamspinner Press in February as part of an anthology they're putting together. Eeep! I'll be aiming to post this story weekly, but realistically, I probably won't have time to reply to all the reviews. I miss being able to do that, but it's either that or sleep, and well, I get grouchy without it. I will read and treasure every single one though, and if you have a specific question, I will do my best to reply as promptly as I can. Warning: This story is going to be rather dark and turn canon on its head so although E&B will end up together, I make no promises about anything else. It won't be SM's happy little veggie vamp Cullen clan. ~Chapter One~ Edward sat up in bed, his heart hammering in his chest and his hand clutching his throat. He felt a sticky wetness coating his fingers. He frowned when they brushed against a strange, raised circular mark there. Edward struggled out of bed, his head throbbing, and his entire body aching like he'd been on a three-day bender. He'd had a few of those in college. But he couldn't ever remember feeling this sick before. Maybe he was coming down with something. The bedroom was dark, but he could see something wet glistening on his fingertips in the moonlight as he staggered to the bathroom. As he stumbled through the doorway, everything in his head went white, and a rushing sound filled his ears like the roar of a waterfall. He clutched at the doorframe, his fingertips slipping, unable to find purchase there. He sank to the floor, gasping for air and dropping his head between his knees. What the hell is wrong with me? he wondered. He struggled to remember what he'd done the night before, but he could barely even remember what day of the week it was. On shaky legs, he stood, fumbled for the light, and made it over to the sink. His hands gripped the cool, slippery marble and he kept his head low, trying to keep the dizziness at bay. When his eyes finally focused on the scene in front of him, he gasped. The sticky wetness coating his hands was red. It was garish in the harsh light of the bathroom, vibrant against the bleached whiteness of his skin. He frowned in confusion. When had he ever been that pale? And why did it look like his hands were coated in blood? Realization came crashing over him all at once, and he lifted his head to stare in the mirror. He looked like something from a horror movie. If it was indeed blood, it was splashed all over his formerly crisp white shirt and across his jaw and cheek. It even coated his lips. He clutched the sink harder as the rushing in his head began again. What the fuck had happened? He lifted his hands to his face and smelled the sharp, coppery tang of blood. He felt queasy and weak as he washed his hands, furiously scrubbing at the blood lodged everywhere. It was under his nails and in every little crease in his skin. He tried to calm his ragged breathing, but his heart raced in his chest, filling his ears with the sound. Is that normal? Can I usually hear my own heartbeat? Edward wondered. Shakily, he grabbed for the soft white washcloth on the rack beside the sink. He frantically scrubbed at his mouth, desperate to wash the blood from it when a horrifying thought occurred to him. Had he done something? Hurt someone? It seemed impossible. He was a fucking investment banker. He didn't kill people or drink their blood. The thought nauseated him further, and he scrambled over to the toilet and dropped to his knees, heaving dryly. He was grateful when nothing came up. He didn't know what he would have done if something had come up. Something like blood. He retched again and dropped his head on his arm, trying desperately to remember what he'd done the night before. Had he worked late?Stupid question, he always worked late. Later than usual, then? he thought. Maybe, but he wasn't sure. He vaguely remembered it being dark out when he left the office. Dark and rainy. It was March, though, and daylight still ended early. He gently pounded his head against his forearm before realizing it only made the headache and nausea worse. And it didn't help him remember a thing. Fuck, he swore to himself. What had happened to him? On shaky legs, he stood again and went back to the sink. He stripped out of his clothing, realizing for the first time that his pants were unzipped, and his shirt was unbuttoned. Both his shirt and pants were ripped. His cock ached, too, he realized; like it would after a really good fuck. Jesus Christ. Blood and sex? He shuddered, feeling a thousand tiny, cold fingers creeping up his spine. Why couldn't he remember? He left the bloodied and destroyed clothes on the white marble floor and rinsed the blood-coated washcloth clean. He gently wiped away the blood still on his neck and jaw, and the washcloth dropped from his numb fingers when he saw the mark on his neck. There was a silvery white raised circle on his skin. He tilted his head to the side to see it better and staggered back when he realized it looked like a bite mark. The questions swirled in his head, and he once again tried to put together the pieces from the night before. All of the evidence pointed to the theory that he'd fucked some chick, and then she'd bit him, but was that even possible? He shook his head in disbelief, but it only made the pounding worse. He slowly made his way through the gleaming white bathroom that was now marred by streaks of blood and soiled clothes. He flipped on the light in the bedroom, his heart pounding in his chest at what he might find, but it was fairly innocuous compared to what his imagination had conjured up. A messy bed, blood smeared across a white pillow, and a black lace thong on the plush white carpet. Edward grinned, feeling almost normal for a second. Panties on the floor weren't that uncommon for him; although, he'd never had them in his place. His grin slowly faded. That's odd , he thought. Did I actually bring a girl back here? Edward never brought them home. He preferred to go to a hotel or fuck them at their place. He lifted the underwear, noticing the expensive label and delicate lace. Well, he hadn't slept with a two-bit hooker; that was for sure. But where had he met her? And who the fuck was she?He temporarily ignored the other questions that lingered in the back of his mind. He'd worry about them later. He managed to slip into a pair of silky black boxers and went into the living room, stopping to check the guest bedroom to be sure no one was there. But it was empty, as white and pristine as ever. The living room was the same, as was the rarely-used dining room and kitchen. His front door was locked with the deadbolt in place. He shook his head in confusion and went into the kitchen. His refrigerator was empty except for a bottle of vodka, a shriveled lime, and a bottle of fresh-squeezed orange juice. He never cooked and rarely ate at home, but he couldn't live without his morning orange juice. He was as much of a slave to caffeine as anyone else was and drank coffee steadily throughout the day, but he always had to have his glass of juice when he woke up. He gulped juice down greedily, the fridge door still open, the juice trickling down his jaw and onto his neck. He was normally fastidious about drinking out of a glass, but right then, he didn't give a shit. He needed it. He drained the container and wiped at his mouth with a never-before used towel, throwing it on the granite counter. Edward sagged back against the cabinet, his chest heaving with exertion. The cold juice settled in his stomach, feeling strange there. It had tasted good on the way down, though. He fumbled in the cupboard for something to eat; he finally found an old box of semi-stale crackers and crammed a few in his mouth. They were tasteless and bland, but after a little while, they, along with the juice, finally started to do their job. The pounding in his head receded, as did the queasy feeling in his stomach. Now, he just felt exhausted. Leaving a mess in the kitchen, he slowly worked his way back to the bedroom, gripping the wall to try and steady himself. He managed to swipe his phone from the dresser before collapsing onto the clean side of the bed. He tossed the bloodied pillow onto the floor and pulled the covers over himself, so weak he could hardly grip the grey, silky fabric. Edward fumbled with his phone, finally managing to unlock and check it. No missed calls or texts. Well, that wasn't wildly unusual; other than work, he didn't get a lot of calls. He'd never been very social, and since his parents had died just after he graduated college, he didn't have any family except for a few distant relatives he'd never actually met. He was attractive, successful, and had no emotional connections to anyone. He blearily wondered if he'd missed a day, but no, it was four a.m. on a Thursday morning. The date was right and everything. He groaned at the thought of having to get up in just a few hours and turned off his phone, checked the alarm, and passed out. He only had one fleeting thought before he succumbed to sleep, and it was a strange one. It was less of a thought than an image: two deep crimson eyes peering at him out of the darkness. He jerked awake in the morning, startled by the shrill cries of his alarm. He fumbled for it, smacking it hard to turn it off. He clicked on the bedside light like usual before the memories from the night before returned. His hand flew to his neck again, and although his hand came away clean this time, the bite mark just above his collarbone was still there. He'd been so sure he'd dreamed the whole thing. But there was still a bloodied pillow and black thong on the floor. Edward's body ached everywhere, and his cock was still slightly tender. He gently reached down and grasped it through the thin silk of his boxers. Damn, it hurt. He hissed as his thumb swiped over the tip. It felt sore, almost bruised. He peered down at it, moving the fabric aside, but it looked normal, not black and blue like it felt. He was still bewildered by what had happened the evening before to cause his cock to be so painful and leave him covered in blood, but at least he remembered what had happened once he woke up in the early morning hours. With a