This story won Judges' Choice Favorite (Ana Rodfranco) and 2nd place Judge's vote. These awards I share with Cracked Fic, Alanna aka Capricor75, Honeybeemeadows, and Believeitornot. I can't thank you enough. It just sort of happened—me falling in love with Bella. We met our freshman year at U-Dub when she transferred to my floor in the North Campus dormitory. It was your typical dorm experience—long corridor, communal bathroom, intermingled by gender, with impromptu hallway parties on random weekend nights. College is supposed to be an institution of higher learning, an integration into a grown up world for young adults. Yet there was a 1 a.m. curfew. Complete bullshit, if you asked me. Several times, I made it just under the wire, earning a disapproving look from Emmett, the burly resident advisor. "You're cutting it close, Cullen." "Yeah, sorry." "Second time this week." "I don't get why there's a curfew anyway." Emmett shrugged. "I don't make the rules. I'm only here to enforce them." He grinned as he punched his fist into his palm. Though he looked like a bear, I knew he was as soft and squishy inside as a stuffed animal. I promised to try to be on time in the future as I made my way to my room near the far end of the corridor. As I approached, I saw my roommate had the proverbial tie hanging off the door knob. Again. "Fucker," I muttered as I rolled my eyes. At least I had the courtesy to have sex off campus. I hoped Jasper's flavor of the week would do the walk of shame back to her room soon. Shrugging out of my jacket, I slid down the wall and made myself comfortable on the floor. I grabbed my English Lit textbook out of my knapsack and got a jump start on some reading. Half an hour later, I heard the door buzzer chime, followed by Emmett lecturing another latecomer. She walked toward me, red-faced, with her backpack slung over one shoulder. She glanced at me and quickly looked away, digging for her keys in her coat pockets. She stopped outside the door next to mine. "Are you kidding me?" She grumbled. Looking over, I noticed she'd been dealt the same fate as me—a scarf wrapped around the knob. Catching her eye, I tilted my head at the spot on the floor next to me. She smiled and sat down cross-legged beside me, her backpack landing with a thump. "Hey. I'm Edward Cullen." I extended my hand. "Bella Swan. Nice to meet you." I jerked my head toward her door. "You're living with a nympho, too?" "Apparently. I just moved in this afternoon." "Where did you transfer from?" "South building. My unit had a water leak." "Welcome to North." "Thanks." "Emmett give you shit?" She laughed. "Yeah, but I bet he's just a big teddy bear." "You catch on quick." "You're in Professor Tanner's AP English Lit class, aren't you?" Bella asked. "Yeah, how did you know?" She reached into her backpack, dragging out the same bulky textbook I was reading. "Tanner is such a hard ass, huh?" "For sure. I hope I can flirt my way to an A." "Nice." I laughed. "I can turn on the charm when I want to." Bella snorted. "You don't believe me, Swan?" I flashed her a smirk, the same one that got me an A+ in Mrs. Cope's high school history class. "I'm pretty hard to resist." "Sure you are, Cullen." "If I didn't have a girlfriend I'd be flirting with you right now, and you'd be madly in love with me by the end of the semester." "Does your girlfriend know how modest you are?" "It's one of the things Vanessa finds endearing about me." "Riiight." The door to her room creaked open and boy-toy emerged, buttoning up his shirt. Bella put her textbook away and zipped her backpack. "Thanks for keeping me entertained," she said, getting to her feet. "It's never dull when I'm around." "Apparently. I hope you're allowed in soon. Goodnight." She gave a small wave and her door closed with a quiet click. "Did you get in trouble for coming in late?" Vanessa asked the next time I was at her place. She was attending Seattle Community College, only a 15 minute drive from U-Dub. She was lucky enough to share an apartment with two other girls. We often took advantage of her quiet room. "Nah, it was fine. Except my roomie had a girl over so I had to sit in the hallway for over an hour until she left." Vanessa rolled on top of me and pressed her lips to mine. A year into our relationship, and her kisses still excited me. "Poor baby." "Actually, it was fine. I met the new girl from the room next to mine. Her roommate had a guy over so we were both banished to the hallway. Bella's pretty nice." My girlfriend raised her eyebrows. "Do I need to be worried about this Bella girl?" I wrapped my arms around her and flipped her over, pinning her against the bed. "She's got nothing on you, babe." My lips trailed kisses down her neck, clavicle, and lower, erasing any doubts. I made it back to the dormitory in plenty of time before curfew, hoping to beat Jasper to the room. Bella was sitting on the floor outside her room, sweatpant-clad legs stretched out in front of her. I tried to remember if I'd ever seen Vanessa in sweats, then laughed off the thought. She was far too fashion-conscious for that. "Kicked out again, Bella? Sucks to be you." I tsked her with a shake of my head and a grin. Bella gestured to my door where the tie was, once again, visible. "I wouldn't be so quick to make fun, Cullen." I groaned and sank down beside her. "Damn it. I could have stayed at Vanessa's longer." "Aww. It must have been hard for her to pry herself away from all that sexines." She waved a hand at me. "Do I detect some jealousy?" I wagged my eyebrows; she raised her book. "You wish. I've been perfectly content with Mr. Caulfield." I grabbed the ratty copy of A Catcher In The Rye and snorted. "Are you kidding? He typifies narcissism at its finest with angst and misguided rebellion." Bella countered. "Perhaps a simple-minded reader would see it that way." "Simple-minded? I'm majoring in English literature. I think I know what I'm talking about." "I'm also a lit major. What's your take on him?" "He finds the world around him dispiriting and superficial; his alienation is there in the clearest terms." I flipped through the novel where Bella had several passages highlighted in yellow—a girl after my own heart—and quoted an example of Holden being an ass. "I respectfully disagree," Bella said. "Caulfield's supposed immaturity is actually a sign of his maturity. He's got the world figured out." She found her own paragraph for rebuttal. Normally soft spoken, her voice took on a modulated tone, and I smiled as she read aloud. We continued our debate for a while and, though I wouldn't admit it to Bella, I understood her point by the time Jasper's redheaded hit-and-run was exiting my room. "Looks like we'll have to continue this debate another time. Goodnight, Bella." "Goodnight, Cullen." "I think maybe she's right. Perhaps Holden did have everything figured out. I'm going to have to give it a re-read, keeping her points in mind." Vanessa failed to hide her boredom, not bothering to cover her yawn. "Uh-huh." I rolled over, propping myself up on my elbow. "Am I boring you?" Vanessa smiled. "Sort of. I know you're a lit major but…" "But you'd prefer to make out." "Now you're talking. Come here." It became a regular thing—hanging out with Bella outside our rooms while our roommates got busy. I began to look forward to debating with her, purposely taking the role of antagonist so I could listen to her argue her point. Her cheeks would flush in annoyance, hands waving wildly as she spoke. I couldn't help but laugh at her animation and she'd playfully punched my shoulder in frustration. Every debate ended the same— when one of us would finally be permitted back in our room, and we'd bid each other good night. There were times when we weren't locked out of our rooms, but we'd still hang out. Usually we would talk, but occasionally we'd sit reading in comfortable silence. Sometimes we would go to the kitchen where we'd stick a frozen pizza in the oven and share a can of Coke. Bella would pick off all the pepperoni and mushrooms one by one and eat them first. Then she would peel off the cheese, tilt her head back, and dangle it into her mouth. I'd tease her about her weird ways, but honestly? I thought it was kind of cute. Many girls in our dorm wouldn't come out of the bathroom until their hair was blowdried and styled, and their makeup just so. Not Bella. She would walk around with her hair wrapped in a towel turban, face free of any cosmetics. Vanessa was one of the former girls. I rarely saw her undone. Bella was a natural beauty, unassumingly so. She made sweatpants and hoodies look good. Every Tuesday she had an early class so she had to drag herself out of bed. She'd pad barefoot into the kitchen, bedhead and all, stifling a yawn. I'd laugh as she'd stumble in, blindly grabbing a cup of coffee before plunking herself down at the table. One morning, her robe was open. Her nipples very prevalent in her thin, white, spaghetti-strap tank top. I averted my eyes but not before Bella figured out what I had seen. She blushed and quickly pulled her robe across her chest. I grinned. "Don't be shy. I've seen nipples before." "Cullen," she warned. "It's too early for me to have a comeback. Let's both pretend this never happened." I shook my head. "No can do. Those perky little nips of yours are burned into the back of my eyelids." I closed my eyes. "Yep. There they are. Hello, Bella's nipples." "You're an ass." She got up and smacked the back of my head. "Have a great day. I know I will." My favorite times with Bella were spent talking literature as kindred spirits. She turned into a feisty, passionate women when she talked about books. There was fire in those chocolate-brown eyes. We didn't always debate, though it was always entertaining. There were quite a few books we shared the same sentiments for. Wuthering Heights, A Farewell To Arms, Gone With the Wind, and The Bridges Of Madison County , to name a few. We discussed how, sometimes, you read a line and just had to repeat it over and over again until it hung in the air, echoing in the back of your mind. Eventually, you lost that line; it slipped away until you reread the book and found those amazing words again. Once again, they still blow your mind with their power. Bella and I were discussing Bridges late one night. She was especially passionate about it. "I could read that story over and over again." She sighed happily. "I devoured it in one sitting because I couldn't put it down. And when I closed the cover, I had tears streaming down my face. Who doesn't crave a love like that?" "I didn't cry, but I agree. It's a classic love story." "Admit it—you cried like a baby, didn't you?" I held my index finger and my thumb an inch apart. "Maybe my eyes were a wee bit misty." "Gah. That book is ridiculously romantic! Francesca experienced the one true love of her life, knowing it could never be." Bella swooned, clutching the book to her chest. "It showed us what it is to love and be loved so intensely that