My entry for the Anything Goes contest. This was judge Lolo84 choice for sweetest surprise. Thanks to Alanna/Capricorn75 and Sarah Elizabeth for being the brains behind such a great contest. Thanks for reading and reviewing xo It was my first year of residency at Seattle Children's Hospital. The 80-plus hour workweeks had long since taken their toll. Countless times I slept in an office chair; waking up with a crick in my neck, disheveled hair, and drool seeping out of the corner of my mouth. Being sleep deprived left me so disoriented I often didn't know what day of the week it was, let alone if it was day or night or somewhere in between. I'd nod off after consuming ten cups of coffee, the caffeine in my veins long since rendered ineffective. Going into med school, my wife, Bella, and I both knew it was a temporary sacrifice that would pay off in the end but I don't think either one of us anticipated the toll it would take on our relationship. We spoke mostly via text message; I watched my daughters growing up via Instagram photos. Bree was born when we were seniors in college and Jessie was born my second year of med school. I was certain the last time I'd had sex was the night Jessie was conceived. Hell, I was on a first name basis with the parking attendant at the hospital and saw him more than my family. It was difficult being a part-time father who missed milestone after milestone. Who missed dinners with his wife and lazy Sundays mornings tangled in the sheets with her. It was Bella who encouraged me to follow my dream of being a doctor. And when I was kept at the hospital for extended hours she graciously filled the voids I left; I love her all the more for it. Even with her unwavering support, I was an elastic band, stretched to the limit and about to snap. Bone-weary, I needed the world to be still for a while - just an hour even. There were days I didn't want to be Dr. Cullen. I didn't want to catch winks of sleep with my head on a desk only to be startled awake by a paging intercom. And I love my wife dearly, but sometimes I didn't even want to be a husband. I didn't want to have to clean up after dinner, or put my dirty socks in the hamper, all of it just one more thing I was required to do. For one day I wanted to quit being an adult, slip back in time to my first year of college when things were simpler; easy. When a Friday night meant hanging out at a bar, getting drunk and laid. "You're looking wrecked, Dr. Cullen." Dr. Volturi's voice brought me back to the present. I scrubbed my hands over my face, wiping the sleep and wishes from my head. "How many hours have you logged this week?" I shrugged. "I lost count. Probably close to 85 now." "And when were you home last?" "Wednesday, I think. I don't even know what day it is now." He clasped me on the back. "It's Friday. Wasn't your shift over an hour ago?" I nodded. "Just finishing up my paperwork, Sir." "Good. Clock out, go home and get some sleep. Real sleep. In your own bed. Tomorrow you're off and we'll see you bright and early on Sunday." "But…" "Doctor, you're of no use to your patients if you're comatose. Go home." "Thank you. I appreciate that." " Dr. Volturi to the OR. Dr. Volturi to the OR." "Escape while you can!" He chuckled as he left me alone. Scrawling one final signature in a patient's chart, I closed the file and cracked my knuckles. At my locker I swapped my lap coat for my jacket, slipped my wallet into my back pocket and called Bella. "Hey." She answered on the first ring. "How's it going?" I sighed. "I'm exhausted, but Dr. Volturi's kicking me out for the day." "Oh wow. I wasn't expecting that. I'm out with the girls at my dad's house so we probably won't be home for an hour or so. Shoot." "You know what? Don't worry about it. I think I may do something 'normal' and grab a beer at Jake's Pub before I head home." "You sure? I'll try not to be long here." "Yeah, I'm sure. Right about now, a beer is sounding amazing. I'll see you at home. Want to order a pizza?" "Sounds good. I'll talk to you soon, babe." "Okay. And, Bella?" "Uh huh?" "I love you." "Love you, too." I could picture her smiling on the other end which made my lips curl into one of my own. I'd almost made a clean get away from the office when another intern stopped to ask my opinion on a patient. It was half an hour before I could sneak away, but that still left me thirty minutes to grab a beer and get home. Leaving my car in the parking garage I walked the short distance to Jake's, which was around the corner from the hospital. It was a cool evening but I shrugged out of my jacket and rolled up the sleeves of my dress shirt. The breeze against my face was welcome and refreshing; a respite from the stale hospital air I was used to. Jake's wasn't too busy so I secured a seat at the end of the bar. I hung my jacket over the stool next to me to keep distance between me and the other patrons - I wasn't in a mood to be social with some drunk who wanted to talk my ear off about sports or politics or some personal drama. It was a laid back, all male crowd. Guys sitting around tables, bullshitting and sharing pitchers and plates of wings. There were a few weary fellows like myself, sitting alone, mesmerized by the game on the big screen or surfing the net on their phones. Along the back wall were a few empty booths. I ordered whatever was on tap and the bartender set the drink in front of me. The beer—frothy and subzero cold—was the highlight of my day. I closed my eyes for the first sip, imagining the amber ale energizing me. As I drank I came to a realization. It was a Friday night and I wasn't stuck at the hospital. I was any Joe Blow grabbing a pint on the brink of a weekend. It felt… liberating. Smiling as I drank my beer, I enjoyed the fact that in the moment no one needed me. There wasn't a patient to be seen, or a document to study. No diaper to change, or mess to clean up. Just me and my beer on a Friday night. It couldn't be more perfect. And then she walked in. Being a happily married man I wasn't in the habit of checking out other women, but in an establishment full of testosterone all eyes flicked to her and mine followed. All the men in the bar, and she zeroed in on me . My chest puffed with pride. Even in my zombie-like state, I still had it. "Is this seat taken?" She asked. Before I could answer, she'd moved my jacket to the next stool over and sat down, crossing one leg over the other, her thigh exposed. I dragged my eyes up. "I'm Rosalie." She tucked a lock of platinum blonde hair behind her ear. "Edward." She leaned close. "Sorry, I didn't catch that. Emmett, did you say?" I didn't bother to correct her. "Buy me a drink?" She batted her mascara-laden lashes. "Oh. Of course. What would you like?" I expected her to order a glass of wine but she asked the bartender for a Grey Goose martini straight-up with two olives. She wagged her eyebrows at me and added, "and make it dirty." I gulped and the bartender smirked. "So, handsome, do you come here often?" I snorted at her pathetic attempt of a pick up line. "Only on bad days." She leaned close and reached up so she could run her fingers through my hair. I averted my eyes but still got a good look at her breasts, which were showcased by her low cut dress. "I bet I could make your day so much better," she purred. "I'm, uh, not so sure my wife would appreciate that." She glanced around, tossing her long blonde hair so I caught wind of her scent. "I don't think your wife is here right now, is she?" I slowly shook my head no. She smiled and all I could think was 'Oh Shit!" The bartender set down the martini. Rosalie suggestively sucked an olive off the spear, her tongue darting around it before she popped it into her mouth. When she rubbed her fingers up and down the stem of the glass repeatedly while licking her lips, I had to look away. "And, uh, what do you do for a living, Rosalie?" I wouldn't have spit out my drink if she told me she was an escort. "I'm a flight attendant. I'm on an overnight lay over. What line of work are you in?" "I'm a doctor. Well, an intern, but…" I shrugged. "I'd break every bone in my body to have you be my physician." A blood red painted fingernail trailed up my forearm, stroking my ego as much as my limb. I noticed she wasn't wearing a wedding ring though there was an indentation indicating she'd recently worn one. Mine felt especially heavy on my left hand. We didn't talk for a few minutes; I focused on my beer rather than the hand that had moved from my brushing bicep to my caressing my thigh. Damn. It felt good. Too fucking good. Rosalie polished off her martini in record time and pushed the glass aside. "Did you want another one?" I asked. I had no idea what would happen if she had a second drink but I was willing to find out. Rosalie smiled. Apparently she was game. "I think I'd like a beer." I signaled the bartender but she shook her head, tossing her locks. She leaned closer, her ruby painted lips brushing my earlobe. "I'd rather taste it on your tongue." She licked the shell of my ear. I wasn't a cardiologist but I was certain I was going into defib. "Maybe…" I cleared my throat. "Maybe we should grab a booth?" I was close enough to the hospital any one of my colleagues could show up. Being seen with a woman who, with her platinum hair, clearly wasn't my wife could spell trouble. Rosalie nodded. I asked the bartender for two more beers and followed behind my companion to a darkened table in the far back corner. It was then I noticed Rosalie's outfit. A tight fitting, extremely short black dress which hugged her curves—so much so there were no panty lines visible and I doubted she'd bothered—and three inch stiletto heels she could barely walk in but were sexy as fuck. Rosalie slid into the booth, her legs parting just enough for me to confirm she was, in fact, not wearing panties. I adjusted the bulge in my pants and sat down, scooting over so my left side was flush with her right. I loosened my tie. "Is it hot in here?" I asked as I unbuttoned the top two buttons of my shirt as well. I struggled to remember the symptoms of a heart attack or stroke, fairly sure I was about to experience one or the other, possibly both simultaneously, if that were possible. Rosalie shook her head as she bit her lower lip. "Not yet, but things are about to heat up." Her hand disappeared under the table, briefly resting on my knee. As I attempted to look nonchalant sipping my beer