I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians I just own the story plot! Percy's POV "Why did I have to move to this new school?" I moaned to my Mom. She just smiled and shook her head, like she had done every single time I had asked her this question. Her reply was always something along the lines "You aren't welcome back at Goode…" I had actually grown quite accustomed to the small school over the two years I had been there. I had almost burned down the gym, I flooded the locker room twice, and I broke eighteen lockers all fighting some kind of monster that had come after me. See, my mom was sending me to this school in Virginia and making me stay at her friend's house for the rest of the year. Oh, and did I mention that I hadn't been able to talk to my best friend in three months. At least I got to tell her why I couldn't talk to her the day before I was "grounded" for damaging the school with riptide. I couldn't even Iris message because she had stolen all of my leftover drachmas and hid them somewhere in the house. Now we were sitting in the parking lot of the school that I would be attending while here. It was called Cave Spring because somewhere there is a cave with a spring in it so they thought it would be a cool name I guess. Anyways, no one was here because it was Sunday, but mom wanted to see the school for herself and make sure it was okay by her standards. I could tell it was better than Goode already because I could see the large baseball stadium behind the tennis courts that rested on the opposite side of the rectangular parking lot. The school itself was made of brick and stood on the length of the rectangular lot with a modernized entrance with a roof that looked like it had a three dimensional, glass triangle sitting on top of it. There was only two ways into the parking lot and one was the fire lane that ran up beside the entrance to the school, and the other I could tell would be a pain to get in and out of. Across from the school there were three tennis courts that were fenced in on the same level as the parking lot. On the hill was the track and field area and beside that I could see the distant lights and stands that told me that it was the baseball stadium. "I think you are going to like it here. Everyone says they have the best softball and baseball teams in the state. Also their swim team is undefeated. And you will just love Marge's kids! Keira and Derrick are you age and then Keegan is a year older than you. I just can't b-," she had said this same exact same thing so many times I don't think I could count. Ignoring her made me feel bad, but I wasn't very happy about being thrown down here for the rest of the school year until I got to go to camp. Ugh, that was six months away! Mom finally pulled out of the parking lot and started heading to my temporary home until camp. "This is it," Mom said and gave my arm a squeeze, "I'm sorry we have to do this, but I think that taking you here will deter your scent and make it harder for monsters to find you. Hopefully you won't have any more attacks, but I know that is probably never going to happen. Oh, I know you can take care of yourself, I'm just worried!" I hugged her and that seemed to reassure her that I was okay with it, even thought I definitely wasn't, I wanted to make her feel better about this. I let go of her and got out of the car and grabbed my luggage. Walking up to the house it reminded me of the magazines you see of modern houses with stonework everywhere on the sides and stone steps that was two stories tall. Looking at the house made me feel a little better that maybe it would be cool to live in a house like this. After knocking on the door a girl around my age opened the door. She was shorter than me by a couple of inches with straight brown hair, she had little makeup on over her blue eyes, and she wore a tank top and cheer shorts. "Hey I'm Keira, come on in Percy." She eyed me as her bubbly voice reached my ears. I felt uncomfortable with her staring at me, so I walked past her quickly not daring to look back. Stepping inside I found myself standing in a foyer that led to the dining room on the right a hallway straight in front of me, stairs going up and over the hallway, and the living room on the left. This house was huge and nice, take that back, it was gigantic and amazing compared to apartment. I followed Keira up the stairs and down the hall, passing several doorways, until she stopped at the very last one and opened the door to where I would be staying. The room was dark blue with a queen sized bed in the middle, a desk that I would use for homework near the window, a closet, and a little table beside the bed. It wasn't that big, but I loved it. After setting my bags down I turned to find both Keira and my Mom gone. I immediately put my hands in my pockets and grasped the ballpoint pen, but it would look like a casual move to anyone else. I walked down the steps and into the kitchen like that until I saw them standing around talking to an older women about my mom's age, a boy my age, and a boy that looked a little older. "Hello, I'm Marge," the older lady stuck her hand out and I shook it briefly. She reminded me of my mom with brown hair that had only a little grey in it, but I could easily tell the difference between the two because of their eyes and height. The boy next to her smiled at me, "I'm Derrick and that prick is Keegan." I laughed as Keegan elbowed Derrick hard in the ribs. Keegan was only a few inches taller than me and had more of a football player build than my baseball player and swimming build. His blonde hair and blue eyes set him apart from his family, but I could still see the same expression that the rest of the family wore on their faces. Derrick on the other hand looked like he would be good at baseball. He was wearing a black cap with a red bill that had a CS on the front that could only stand for Cave Spring. He had brown hair that fell just above his eyebrows straight, but messy, with the same blue eyes as Keegan. "Alright, well Percy I have to go. Call me if you have any-," she glanced at the Lupins, "-incidents. No matter how small, and remember that Blackjack is within-umm-calling distance." I nodded knowingly and she hugged me tightly before letting me go and turning away to hide her tears as she walked out the door. "So you play any sports Percy?" Keegan asked pulling out three Cokes and throwing one to Keegan and me. "Thanks. I play baseball and I swim," I said taking a sip of the soda. Derrick smiled and Keegan frowned a little, but it seemed more out of disappointment than anger. "We made a bet on what you would play; baseball or football. I win," Derrick smiled and Keegan scowled before pulling out a five dollar bill and handing it over. "Okay, well I'm tired thanks to lovely baseball conditioning, so let's head on up to our rooms and we can talk more." I think it might have been the expression the brother's wore or maybe even the way they easily exchanged money that reminded me of the Stoll brothers. I nodded and headed up the steps after them. After changing into a t-shirt and shorts I went into Keegan's room where Derrick and he were lounging. "Close the door. Don't want Keira to listen in; she is just a little bitch like that." I heard a growl in the hallway and knew that it had been her as I shut the door and sat down on the arm chair in the corner of the room. I looked over at Keegan who was staring off into space, obviously deep in thought, "Earth to Keegan? Stop day dreaming about her, you know you have no chance! She doesn't date anyone!" Derrick said smacking Keegan on the back of the head playfully. Keegan blushed, "Can't help but try though." "Who are y'all talking about?" I asked innocently. Derrick groaned, "Only the hottest girl in the whole school who also happens to be the star softball player and is nice to everyone even though she is the most popular girl there!" "She has the best smile," Keegan said mesmerized by some unseen thought. "Dude you have it bad," I said laughing. "Yeah- ," Keegan was cut off from saying anything else by the voice of Marge yelling up the stairs that it was curfew. "Ugh! I really wish she would just give up with that already!" I laughed walked out of the room with Derrick on my heels, "Good night." He said before shutting his door. I had thought that I wouldn't sleep very well, but as soon as my head hit the mattress I was out like light dreaming of nobody other than Annabeth Chase. When I woke in the morning I could still feel the butterflies that were dancing in my stomach from my dream. I blushed a deep red thinking about it and prayed that Athena hadn't seen what I had dreamt. I couldn't believe it, no, I was not falling for my best friend. I mean she was pretty and smart and… I am so screwed. Annabeth's POV "So have any of y'all seen the new guy? He is sexy," Maddie said as we walked down the hall. "Yes ma'am. And guess who he is living with?" Keira said smiling beside Maddie. We both gave her the same look that showed we had no idea who. Keira rolled her eyes, "He is staying with me! Apparently his mom and my mom were best friends in high school so he is staying with use!" Maddie's exclamation was unknown to me, for my mind was on a different guy. My best friend Percy Jackson. Sometimes I was mad at Percy for getting grounded, but then I would remember that he was a son of the big three and it wasn't really his fault that the monsters attacked. I just wish I could talk to him or at least see him instead of staring at pictures of him. I mean he was my best friend, even though my heart flutters when his eyes lock onto mine and…No, this is inconceivable. I will not fall for my best friend, I don't like Percy Jackson. Their conversation was soon to surely turn to the fact that I had lived here for the entire school year and had declined every single offer to go out with a guy. "Annabeth are you listening?" Maddie said waving a hand in front of my face. "Sorry I was thinking about something," I said casually while my mind battled the feelings that had started to grow for my best friend. "What in the world could you be thinking about when we are talking about the most gorgeous boy to ever grace the halls of CSHS?" Keira said with a sigh of exasperation.