Katie's POV I walked up to the hearth that stood in the middle of the courtyard that sat between the cabins. It seemed nothing was the same anymore; everything seemed so different because of the oncoming war. It saddened me more than anything that it seemed normal to me now to see sorrow filled faces. The hearth glowed faintly, and I smiled at Hestia who sat across the fire from me. "Hello Katie." It was odd to think of the little nine year old girl sitting across from me was a goddess, but yet I felt like she was important and would be in the near future. "Hello my lady," I answered politely. No one else sat at the hearth, and it seemed we were the only ones in the vicinity for I could hear the distant voice but none that were close by. Staring into the fire I absently fingered the clay beads on the necklace that lay on the skin of my neck. It seemed that all hope was lost, with Percy dead, and Annabeth…As for Annabeth she was so grief-stricken that she snapped at almost anyone even Grover who didn't seem to be handling the situation any better. My mind drifted to the events of last night when Aphrodite came to bear a message from Hephaestus that Percy Jackson was dead. For days Annabeth had been holding on to the small hope that he had survived the eruption and that he would show up at any moment. We all knew how unlikely it was to happen. When Aphrodite's message had rung clear through the dining pavilion I heard a muffled cry as a lone figure from the Athena table jumped and ran towards the cabins not looking back. I had been in such a shock that I didn't register who it had been until I let the knowledge fully sink in. Percy Jackson, Son of the Sea God, was dead. Everyone had known that Percy and Annabeth were basically in love with each other, but each was too embarrassed to tell the other. I felt a pang of sadness for Annabeth, knowing that she had never told Percy how she really felt about him. I laughed out loud, not even a daughter of Aphrodite and yet here I was thinking about love lives. Hestia smiled at me, and for some reason I knew that she had seen everything I had been thinking. "Yes, it is a sad thing for Annabeth, but I wouldn't give up hope just yet." Before I could ask her what she meant she seemed to fold in on herself before disappearing completely. I heard the sound of someone approaching, but before I could turn and find out who it was a figure sat down beside me and put her head in her hands. "The shroud burning is tonight, and I don't think I will be able to go Katie," Annabeth's voice cracked and strained, evidence that she had been crying for quite some time. I instinctively put my arm around her shoulders. Over the years we had grown close, not as close as her and Grover or Percy, but if we needed someone to talk to we were there for each other. After a few minutes of silence Annabeth straightened up, salty streaks lined her face, "I just wish- I wish I could have had the time to tell him in the mountain how feel. I should have done more than just-," she froze and looked at me in horror. It seemed like what she was about to say, what had happened between herself and Percy, hadn't been said aloud. Then she broke down into tears. I knew right then that Percy's death was killing her, she never cried. And when I mean never, I mean maybe by herself but never in front of anyone. Even me. Her voice was barely a whisper when she spoke next, "I should have done more than just kiss him and run away." My heart tightened, why would the gods let him live and then let him be struck down and leave a girl behind that was heartbroken. "You know he would want you to move on, and find someone else. He would want you to be the one to light his shroud, no one else would be fit to do that more than you, not even Grover. We have all lost someone in this war, and we will lose much more but I know that we can make it through. I know that because of demi-gods like Percy, who sacrifice themselves to save their friends and loved ones," my words seem to be getting through to her, for the tears stopped streaming down her face and she slowly regained control of her feelings. "We should go, the ceremony is going to start soon and I need to go and check on the shroud," Annabeth said as she stood and started to walk away. She turned abruptly and gave me a small smile, "Thanks Katie. And you're right about what you said, we are going to win this war even if it is the last thing that I ever do." With that she jogged off in the direction of the Athena cabin. I hadn't realized how late it had gotten, for the sun had just begun to set above the shoreline on the beach. There I could see Juniper and Grover as they walked hand in hand with their feet in the water. Juniper had her arm around Grover's waist, as if supporting him as the satyr slowly continued on to where his friend's burial shroud would be burned. I sighed and hefted myself up from the benches around the hearth, stretching muscles that had tightened up from sitting for such a long time. Slowly I followed the flow of campers that wound their way towards the arena where the ceremony was to be held. When I got there I saw Chiron standing in the front with Annabeth who looked horrible, but a new determination was in her eyes. The look held ambition to kill everything and anything that got in her way of accomplishing her goal, no regard to her life at all. It scared me, but soon Chiron's voice forced my eyes to snap to focus on him. "We have lost a brave and courageous demi-god. There is no one better in my opinion, to light his shroud and speak for him, than his best friend," Chiron looked at Annabeth with sorrow filled eyes that had grown even more worrisome and lost since the announcement of Percy's death. Annabeth shuffled forward and three of her cabin mates marched up and latched a light green and blue shroud onto a pole. The shroud glimmered in the light of the fires so that it looked like the delicate waves were lapping on the shore of an unknown beach painted on it. In the middle was a large trident that seemed to radiate power like Poseidon's, even though it was just an image, and beside it the picture of an owl hanging its head in mourning. The crowd of demi-god's all stared at the beauty of the shroud, and noted that Athena's cabin had claimed Percy as one of their heroes. Annabeth spoke and all eyes turned towards her, "I could sit here and tell you a list of things about Percy, but I believe that his adventures say more than what he was like. His first year here he prevented a civil war between the gods, and throughout our journey he always was more worried about his friends rather than himself. His second year he didn't hesitate in his choice to sneak out of camp with me and rescue our friend Grover, and the way he always included his half-brother even though most of us would rather have seen Tyson thrown out of the camp, Percy protected him. Or the fact that a year ago he came and took the weight of the world for me. Again I could sit and talk to you about all of his journeys or I could tell you the story of how the great hero Percy Jackson died to save-"she stopped as her voice broke and tears slipped out of the corners of her eyes, "-Percy Jackson died to save me. To find Deadalus we had to get Hephaestus to help us, but he needed just a simple favor from us. He needed us to go and check out his forge in the volcano, for something had taken shop in there and he wanted to know who had taken over his forge. Percy and I found the place full of telekhines and we were trapped on both sides as they tried to break down the doors that we had trapped them behind. I had my cap from my mother, and he had a sword. No matter how much I tried to convince him, he wouldn't let me stay and fight with him. He made me go and leave him under the safety of invisibility so that I could live on while he fought to the death against hundreds of enemies. As soon as I had reached the door to the labyrinth and had shut it behind me a huge explosion came from the other side and the last thing I heard was Percy scream." She looked around at the astonished faces of the campers. None of them, except for me and a couple of the counselors had known what had truly happened in the mountain. Annabeth was full on crying now, but she did nothing to hide her tears, instead she almost wore them proudly, proud that she had known him the best. "May all of the gods watch over him even in death," she said and lit the shroud. It went up in flames quickly, and everyone was hit with the warming smell of the ocean. All eyes were transfixed mournfully on the shroud that was now on fire and burning its way just below the bottom of the trident. With a sudden flash of green light the flames were extinguished, and everyone turned away as brightness lit up next to the shroud. It died down seconds later and at that moment the expression our eyes dropped out of our heads could have been taking literally. Standing before us was a man that was tall and tan with black hair, and sea green eyes that were eerily similar to someone I had known. Realization crept across the campers as one by one everyone knelt at the foot of the man. His eyes were bloodshot and there were what I could have taken for tear stains on his cheeks. His clothes were disheveled, and his hair stuck up even more than usual. That's when my mind finally wrapped around the fact that not only was Poseidon standing before us; he was distraught enough to come to camp. His eyes searched the crowd until they landed on Annabeth, his eyes softened slightly, and no one could have told that he was looking at the daughter of his rival Athena. "Annabeth, I need your help please," I couldn't believe it, but here was Poseidon begging for a heroes help. Annabeth stunned, frozen in place. "Please tell me he is here and that this shroud is meant as an offering. Please, tell me that he isn't dead!" No one dared move, but Annabeth seemed to be the only one who had any senses at the moment. Tears still streamed down her thin face, but she tried to keep her voice strong, "We got a message from Aphrodite last night, saying that Percy was-"she stumbled through her sentence, "-saying that he was dead." "NO!" Poseidon's plea shook the ground as he fell to his knees grasping his trident tightly in one hand. His body shook with ragged breaths, his face hidden from the crowd of campers who had tears on their faces, showing their sorrow