Hey guys, I'm HazelPrincessofJewels, or POJ for short. Welcome to the first chapter of Just Listen. This story sort of has the same idea of my other story that I have discontinued, called Follow Your Heart, but it's also very different. It is mainly a Percabeth story, but also has plenty of Jasper, Thalico, Frazel, and maybe some Leyna. So if you don't like those couples, oh well. Full Summary: They're sick of it. Sick of the constant bullying, whispers behind their backs, and being treated like they were absolute nobodies worth less than dirt. Even though they are best friends with the most popular guys in school, it didn't ever stop. But Annabeth, Thalia, Piper and Hazel have a secret that no body but them know. They can sing like angels. One day when they are pushed too far, they snap. They take Piper's father's, Tristan Mclean - world famous actor, offer of making them famous. Two years later, they are all international stars, part of a band called Demigoddesses. But Tristan is making them go back to the place they swore they would never go back to ... undercover. Now that they are back, no one knowing their true identities, they go through their senior year at Goode High School. But what happens when they start to fall in love with the same guys that they were their best friends with. The same guys that were the most popular students in the school. The same guys that they left... Oh gods. Follow the girls on an adventure filled with drama, humor, old and new friends as well as enemies, and love. AU. Just a heads up, some of the characters may be ooc at times, but not all of the time. And I'm only in 8th grade, so I may have some (or a lot) of grammar mistakes, and I don't have a beta at the moments. So please just bare with me. Disclaimer: Rick Riordan owns everything but the plot and my OC's. Good day to you all. "One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain" - Bob Marley My name is Annabeth Delilah Chase, and I am a soft more in Goode High. I look like your average California girl. I'm tallish, at 5'8", have a real tan, and super curly chest lengthed sun kissed blond hair. But my eyes ruin the image. They're a stormy grey color. From what I've said so far, I probably sound very pretty, but I'm not done yet. I'm also a total loser. I have to wear thick glasses to help my poor eye sight, I always wear my blonde curls in a high pony tail because there is so much of it I have no idea what else to do with it. I can't afford any clothing that is even the slightest bit cool because my family is rather poor, so I'm always wearing baggy clothing with holes in them. I'm also the school's brainiac, which only adds to all the bullying I already get for my looks. My best friends are Piper Mclean who was a beautiful Cherokee girl who tried to hide her beauty, Thalia Grace, a very pretty punk girl, and Hazel Levesque, a cute half African-American girl. Piper and I were 15 years old, Thalia got held back a year, so she was 16, and Hazel was 14. She moved down from Alaska 2 years ago and was put into 8th grade thought she was a year younger than everyone else. We're the nobodies of Goode High, even though we're close friends to the schools most popular guys- Jason Grace (Thalia's little brother), Frank Zhang, Nico di Angelo, and Percy Jackson. They try their best to stop the bullying and teasing, but it never ends. And part of the reason why is because the school's most popular (and meanest) girls make sure of it. They're a group of slutty mean girls led by Marianna Stevens, Drew Tanka, Katherine Rey, and Kyra Matthews who happen to hate Thalia, Piper, Hazel and I with a passion. My best friends and I have a secret. A secret that no one but us and one other person knows about. We sing, and I can't say that we are bad at it, and write our own songs and music. I play the piano/keyboard, the guitar (both electric and acoustic), violin, cello, and can do a few things on the drums. Hazel plays the base guitar and acoustic, piano and the drums. Thalia does lead guitar and keyboard. Piper does drums and can play acoustic guitar. Piper's dad, Tristan Mclean, is an actor known by everyone across the globe, and is the only other person in the world who knows about the four of us. He overheard us sing one night when we were spending the night in his and Piper's mansion and offered us the chance to become famous. We said no to him, but he told us that his offer will continue to stand if we ever change our minds. I walked into Goode High's massive cafeteria, and made my way over to my friend's and my table at the very end of the room, my music journal in my arms. Today as been a very bad day, worse than most. I woke up late today, so I missed my bus. I had to be dropped off by my step mother, and once I got inside, I ran into some juniors and got pushed down. Once I gathered all of my things from the ground, I went to my locker. As soon as I opened it up, a dozen gigantic spiders came crawling out, causing me to have a heart attack and a panic attack at the same time. Then, just a few minutes ago, Kyra rammed my into my locker, and caused my shoulder to bruise almost right away. Definitely not a good day at all. The girls were already sitting at our usual round lunch table, and they started to wave me over as soon as they layed their eyes on me. I smiled and started to make my way over, but before I knew what happened, I was on the hard floor aching, and everyone was laughing their asses off. I looked back to see a foot sticking out, and then realized that that foot was connected to none other than Drew Tanka. She gave me a smug look before her eyes widened considerably and she put on a phony innocent look. I glared at her and got to my feet, face bright red because everyone was still laughing. Everyone but my BFF's and Percy and his friends. He frowned at Drew before giving me a sympathetic look. My face got hotter and I concentrated on my feet as I continued to walk over to my friends. Left, right, left. Right, left, right. I sat down next to Hazel. "She's a total bitch!" Thalia exclaimed. Piper nodded. "Total hell whore." Hazel shook her head at the cussing but agreed. I gave them all a small smile before opening up my music journal. I turned to grab a pencil out of my back pocket. I was turning back around when I heard that annoying high pitched voice I knew so well. "Well, well, well." Marianna said, "What do we have here?" She grabbed my journal before I could reach it and moved out of my reach. I stood up at the same time my friends did. "Give it back, Stevens." I said lowly. She smirked at me. "Once I get a good look at it, Chase." I clenched my fists and heard Piper and Hazel restraining Thalia. Marianna turned away and stood on top of a table. The cafeteria became silent as everyone's eyes turned to her. My eyes widened in horror as I realized what she was about to do. I started to walk over, ready to rip my journal out of her filthy little talons, but her clique surrounded her. "Hey everybody! I have something of dear miss Annabeth Chase's here that I'd like to read out loud to you all." Marianna said grinning sweetly, but there was a malicious glint in her eyes. She opened my music journal and started to read a part of my song. " A falling star fell from your heart and landed in my eyes I screamed aloud, as it tore through them, and now it's left me blind" cosmic love I heard people starting to laugh. "The stars, the moon, they have all been blown out You left me in the dark No dawn, no day, I'm always in this twilight In the shadow of your heart" The cafeteria was full of giggles now, and I felt tears build up in my eyes. "And in the dark, I hear your heartbeat I tried to find the sound But then it stopped, and I wa-" With tears silently falling down my bright red cheeks, I pushed through the girls and tore my journal out of her hands. She smiled evilly at my wet cheeks and bent down so we were face to face. "Percy is mine, you bitch." she said in a low voice, smirk disappearing, replaced with nefarious expression, "He will never like you in that way, hell, he doesn't even really like you now. He just puts up with you and your loser friends. You will never amount to anything, not now, not ever. You and your friends will always be nobodies." I stared up at her, tears starting to slow, until they stopped completely. She was wrong about all of that. She was very, very wrong. And I'll prove it to her. I spun on my heel and started to walk away from her, from them. I passed giggling teens, and resisted the urge to hurt them. My friends ran up and walked beside me, not saying a word. They heard what Marianna said, and they knew what I was thinking. I faintly heard some of the boys call out my friends names, but the one that stood out clearly was Percy's. "Annabeth, wait!" he shouted, but I didn't look back, and neither did the girls. We exited the cafeteria and made our ways down the empty halls and out the front doors. Thalia pulled into Piper's driveway, and we got out of her car and walked up the steps. Piper had already called her dad and told him what we wanted to do, and the rest of us text our own parents. Piper opened the large white doors and we saw Tristan sitting down on a chair in front of us. He raised an eyebrow. "You girls sure you want to do this?" he asked. We all shared a look before I turned back to him. "Yes." Three days later We had gotten off Tristan's jet yesterday, stepping into L.A. for the first time ever. Tristan had a few houses here, and he had given us the second biggest one. Yes, we had a mansion. He hired a nanny for us, but she was only there from 6 A.M to 8 A.M and came back after lunch and stayed from 1 P.M to 7:30 P.M. Her name was Ms. Daimler. We haven't met her yet, but Tristan told us that she was in her mid 30's and was very sweet, and I trust his judgment. Today our stylist was coming. Tristan told us her name was Silena Beauregard (AN: Is that how you spell it?) and she was 18 years old. He had hired such a young girl because he thought that we'd get along better if we were near the same age. I guess we'll find out. Tristan led us through hallways, and finally stopped in front of a royal blue door. He gestured for us to take a seat in one of the chairs on the other side of the hall before he leaned forward and knocked. About