The first thing I saw when I woke up was my cousin, Gale, standing over my bed, his gray eyes staring into mine. He was a little too close for comfort. Not that the proximity worried me. Why would I need to be cautious of my own cousin? In fact, he should be worried about his safety right now. Unless he had a good reason for waking me up before daylight. If he didn't, my knife was tucked under my pillow for such occasions. I whipped out said knife and brought it inches away from his slightly scared face. "You better have a good reason for waking me up or you're going to find yourself with a new scar on that handsome face of yours." He smirked as pushed the knife away with his finger. It didn't so much as scratch him; I made a mental note to sharpen it. Just in case. "Snow's private hovercraft was spotted landing near the outskirts of District Ten." My mouth copied his still present smirk. Now that was what I wanted to hear when someone woke me up before daylight. "Well then, we should go and greet him. Have the Firebird ready in a half an hour." My instructions were non-negotiable and he knew that. Gale nodded and walked out of the room so I could get dressed. I pulled off my flannel, forest green pajamas, quickly replacing them for my Rebel Leader uniform. Some of my comrades thought it was funny to nickname my uniform after my codename, Mockingjay. After two years, the name "the mockingjay suit" stuck. I adorned a full length black unitard that was perfectly tailored to my body. The matching black, knee length, leather boots and the black leather gloves that reached my elbows were also perfectly fitted. The entire uniform was layered with body armor - with extra padding over my heart - and concealed weapons in the belt, boots, and sleeves. Fibers of titanium were woven into the fabric, making it entirely bullet-proof and flame resistant. When my uniform was completely on and my long, dark brown hair was pulled back into a neat french braid, I pinned on my communicator. It was a gold pin in the shape of a mockingjay that was connected to a ring only by its wingtips, an arrow held in its beak. I ran my fingers over the golden wings and sighed; this pin had once been my father's. It had been fished out of the rubble from a firebombing that destroyed my home district and had killed the lives of a third of its citizens. My Father, Ryan Everdeen, my Uncle, Owen Hawthorne, and two of our best units had perished alongside each other. We finally have him , I thought with a smile as my fingers brushed the tips of the golden bird's outspread wings. Father, I will avenge your death and the deaths of our comrades. I took a deep breath and began to make my way to the hanger. The walk to the hanger wasn't a long one, but it usually took me more than forty-five minutes to actually reach the hanger. The only reason was because of the many people who came to chat with me or give me morning reports. It was a normal morning for me. After all I was the leader of the Panem Rebels. My duty was to guide my comrades and their family out of the clutches of Lord Coriolanus - who was nicknamed Snow because of the snow white hair he was born with - and his family's ruthless reign. Snow's father, Lord Gaius, was killed by my great-grandfather in order to try and bring back the democracy Panem once had. Unfortunately, Snow was old enough at the time to take his father's place and sentence my great-grandfather, and his lieutenants at the time, to death. He was thirteen when he began his tyrannical reign, and he's been a pain in the Panem Rebels backside since. But he isn't our only problem. About thirty-one years ago, Snow married a young girl of half Capitol, half District 13 descent, Lady Alma of Panem, nicknamed Coin for her love of draining every cent out of the Panem people. She is even more dangerous than her tyrant of a husband. Not only does she love money, fame, and high social status, but she is also the reason for many of the deaths that have caused Panem so much grief, which includes the bombing of my home District and her own. One of our highest priorities of the Panem Rebels is to place Snow and Coin under arrest for the crimes they have committed. But before that, we needed to find and capture the only living relative of our current tyrants; their son. Of course we had no information on his name, appearance, or even his current whereabouts. Our Capitol spies are never able to get close enough into Snow's private mansion to supply us with enough details on Panem's only heir. The only information they could give us was that he is seventeen years old, born just a few months before me. His mother won't let him out of their mansion unless he is with his escort, whose identity is also unknown. He can't leave the Capitol without one or both of his parents or his escort and he never attends parties or any ceremonies. He also enjoys to paint - this was discovered when one of our spies overheard Coin disapproving of his artistic habits to one of her friends. Once we capture him, arresting his parents shouldn't be too hard, unless they weren't the kind of parents who actually cared for their only child's safety. If they were, then arresting them would be harder than we ever planned. When I finally reached the hanger, I was greeted by the familiar hum of the Firebird's engines. Gale was yelling at someone to perform another systems check before I arrived. "I think that would be wise," I said loudly and walked towards the Firebird . The Firebird was a large, fire red hovercraft with her name written on the side in black paint in a type of font that matched her name. She had a loading bay, a small armory, a small cargo bay for supplies, a boom bay, several living quarters, meeting/dining room, and a fully functioning kitchen with two floors of holding cells for criminals, prisoners and hostages. She was able to cloak herself and stay quiet as she flew through the skies of Panem. She had been designed by our head scientist, Beetee, for both combat and comfort. She was my favorite hovercraft out of the ten hovercrafts we had in our hanger. My comrades all saluted to me as I walked passed them and patted the Firebird affectionately. "We'll get him today, girl," I whispered to the machine, receiving a hum of recognition, just like the one I would receive from my bow. I smiled and turned to my 2nd lieutenant; Cinna Ignatius. "Cinna, are there any reports from District Ten about Snow or Coin's appearance?" Cinna turned his green eyes to mine and shook his head. I could see the disappointment in his eyes. "I haven't received a single report from our unit in District Ten." My face grimaced at the news. I hated receiving bad news, especially when the news came from one of my most trusted commanders. I clenched my hand into a fist, trying to relieve the tension inside me by squeezing my hand tighter. I looked at Gale. "We still continue on as planned. You, Cinna and twelve comrades will come with me. We want as little amount of comrades as possible." Gale nodded and reached into one of his jacket pockets. I had only just realized now that Gale had changed into his commander uniform and even tried to fix his short, dark brown hair. His uniform was more simplistic than mine. He had a dark grey camo jacket, which also functioned as a vest, which was a canvas-like material with lots of pockets and zippers. Underneath he was wearing a black long sleeved shirt. He had black combat boots with loose fitting dark grey cargo pants that matched his jacket which had removable pant legs so they could be worn as shorts. From another's point of view, the uniform probably made Gale handsome. But I was immune due to the fact we were related. But I wasn't blind. I'd seen the way some of the girls looked at Gale. It made me want to vomit. If they knew the real him, they wouldn't want anything to do with him. He was just a typical disgusting guy. At least in my opinion. He pulled out his bronze communicator that was shaped in the small form of a howling wolf's head. He clicked the wolf and spoke a few words before he placed it back in his pocket. Unlike me, he never pinned it to his jacket. I looked at Cinna to see that he was also dressed in his uniform which matched his very short black hair. He called his uniform his 'stealthy clothes'. It was a dark olive green, almost black, body suit with a weapon belt in the same colour. His uniform was made to fit his title; Commander of the Panem Rebel Spies. The uniform made no sound. His dark grey combat boots were silent. Cinna was like a shadow in the night. He couldn't be seen or heard until he was right next to you. His communicator was is the shape of a silver fox and pinned just to the left of his heart. He had been nicknamed the Sly Fox, and sometimes we called him the Fashion Fox, since he was also the man who designed all the uniforms worn by the different professions of the Panem Rebels. "You should get on Katniss, the sooner we leave the better," Cinna told me just as the comrades accompanying us came into the hanger. I nodded, before standing below the entrance. A beam of red light circled around me to hold me in place as I was lifted into the Firebird's loading bay. After five minutes of loading myself and my comrades, the Firebird lifted into the sky of Panem under full cloak. We arrived at District Ten well before the sun had set, but unfortunately we still had to find a safe, uninhabited place to dock. I had decided that I'd retire to my read another dark, instructing anyone with information to report to Gale or Cinna. That's why at around 02:00, when the knock to my door, I awoke with a groan. Both the annoyance and tiredness I felt reflected in my voice, "Who is it?" "1st Lieutenant Hawthorne," Gale's voice and words were formal. I could tell he was with someone from the Panem Rebels who wasn't from the main base. I went immediately on alert. I had no idea who it was on the other side of that door. I cleared my voice. "Come in." The door slowly opened to allow Gale to enter with a tall, messy brown haired man with grey eyes wearing a black combat jacket with a deep mauve t-shirt underneath and brown leather arm bands. He had black cargo pants with a weapons belt and brown leather combat boots. His colours were that of the District Ten Combat Division. The man saluted to me and then introduced himself in a very deep, yet slightly shaky, voice as. "Leader Everdeen, I- I'm Commander Jenkins. I'm in ch-charge of the District T-ten's C-combat Division." "At ease, comrade," I said, though I could tell Jenkins was not at ease at all. He acted like he was almost intimidated by me, despite my small stature, the fact that I was probably two years younger than him, and I was still wearing my blue-grey pajamas. I gave a sigh and composed myself. "Why did you