Welcome all readers, both new and old, to the first chapter of the revised version of my first story the Untold Hunger Games. Let's kick this author note off with a disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or any of the characters, and a reminder that this is a fan version of the story that follows the book, movie and my own ideas, so it might be similar to both at the start but will gradually change around the end. I'd like to give a thank you to Aurora Marie Williams for beta reading the first version of this story. Do to reasons that I'm not even sure are, she has stopped being the beta reader of this story. I have a new beta reader now whom only has wonderful stories on fictionpress but has wonderfully accepted to beta reader this new version of my story. Now to those of you have read this before, and to those reading for the first time, please leave comment, question and/or review. I'll even pm you back or address it in the chapter after the one you commented and/or reviewed :3 Without farther ado let's get Chapter One rolling. The grass was cool against my bare feet, tickling my toes as I walked silently through the field. My body was tucked low so that I couldn't be seen, but my eyes were still able to pick out the prey in the far distance. I ran my hand over my bow string with anticipation flowing through me, as I readied to attack the creature. Good it's taut, I thought, raising my left dust covered hand to reach for the arrow in my quiver. Breathing in deeply, I readied to draw the arrow, silence falling between me and the creature. Just as I let my arrow fly a voice yelled, "You'll never be able to take that back!" The second the male voice yelled out the words, the creature, a large white tailed deer, leapt away with my arrow narrowly missing its side. I whirled around to glare up at the slightly taller boy who stood on the hill nearby me. Fury filled me for a moment as I watched all that meat disappear. My family needed that, yet Gale had ruined my chances. "I almost had it, Gale. What do you think you're doing? Sneaking up on me like that. Don't you have better things to do then follow me around?" Gale smirked at me. "You wouldn't have been able to carry it home. And I wasn't sneaking, you were just too entranced with that dear to notice me. You're losing your touch. Plus you like me following you around, Catnip" He wiggled his eyebrows at me and I felt some of the anger dissipate. I couldn't stay mad at my best friend for long. Plus he was right. I should have been able to hear him coming, or at least sensed that I was being watched. I rolled my eyes at his annoying nickname for me. My real name was Katniss, but I guess seven year old boys can't pronounce that right. Of course little five old me was pretty shy and hadn't had the courage to tell him that he was wrong. I looked at my still smirking friend, taking in his other features. If I really looked at him, I guess I could believe the comments about how close we resembled each other. He could have passed as my brother, if I had one. His short black hair, olive skin and grey eyes were very similar to mine. Though this was also the norm in the part of District Twelve where we lived, which was unaffectionately called the Seam. It was the poorest area of the already poor District. Almost every man and woman in the Seam, who was over 19, was a coal miner. My father was one, as was Gale's. The dust from the mines settled on everything in our impoverished area, including the sullen people. I reached behind me to pick up my colourless, steel toed boots, turning my attention back to Gale. "That would have been enough meat to sell to both butchers and at the Hob! Just so you know," I told him in a loud voice, my scowl still showing on my face. Gale made his way down the sloping hill, and into the field below. "And like I said just moments before, you couldn't have carried that back by yourself and not got caught," Gale reminded me. I sighed as I began to lace up my boots while I waited for him. This was when I heard two long bell chimes sound in the far distance, where District Twelve lay waiting for us to return. "Two hours to the Reaping," Gale muttered, standing beside me, his voice sullen and filled with trepidation. Leave it to the threat of the Reaping to sullen anyone's mood. I clenched my fist, hating this day more than any other. I just had to distract myself until it was over. At least until the next Reaping. I looked up at him seeing the slight worry and fear in his eyes, and who could blame him? District Twelve was one of thirteen districts that made up the large country of Panem, in a land that use to be called America. It was vastly different from the country it was found on, especially after global flooding, earthquakes and other natural disasters all preceded by a terrible war on a global scale. After the Treaty of Peace was signed by all the remaining countries of the world, Panem rose with its thirteen districts and the shining Capitol at the heart. Of course we didn't have peace in Panem for long. 99 years ago, almost to the day, a rebellion started among the Districts against the overly oppressive Capitol. No one knows how long it lasted for but it ended in the destruction of the original District Thirteen, the supposive instigator of the rebellion, and the signing of the Treaty of Treason. This is the Treaty that started the darkest tradition of Panem; The Hunger Games. In it 13 boys and 13 girls fight to the death to win glory and money for themselves. However the most important was that the District the victor of the Games was from would receive a supply of food every month for every family in the District until the next Hunger Games began. This was the largest prize a victor received, which was why many people in the impoverished Districts prayed for their tributes to win. Of course that was almost never as most victors came from Districts that were rich or skilled with brutal tools. Gale's hand touched my shoulder to snap me out of my thoughts. "Let's hunt before the next bell rings. Then we can get something to the Hob today," he suggested, looking into the woods around us. "Plus I owe you for scaring off that deer." I nodded my head and we began our walk up the hill, into the woods full of game and the promise of meat to fill our bellies. We hunted for at least three quarters of an hour before heading to our usual spot for lunch. Neither of us were in a hurry to head back and we needed that last little moment of peace before the threat of the Reaping sank in again. While Gale picked juicy blackberries and raspberries from bushes close by, I pulled out some of the cheese my little sister - and only sibling - Prim had made for me with milk from her nanny goat, Lady. When Gale's hand touched my shoulder, again, I assumed he was passing me my share of the berries, but instead I found myself staring at half a loaf of fresh bread from the baker. I grabbed the loaf, inhaling its aroma as I whispered, "How much did this cost you?" My mouth watered at the sight of the bread. It had been ages since I'd tasted the delicious morsel. I couldn't wait to sink my teeth into the prize. It would have been better had it been warm, but I'd go for burnt pieces at this point in time if it meant I got some. "Nothing," Gale told me as he sliced off a piece and placed the rest back in his bag. "He gave it to me for free, I think old Garnary's feeling sentimental this morning." I laughed a little at what he said. Garnary Mellark was a nice old man. He loved buying a few squirrels from me or Gale when we came back from a successful hunt. 'Course he preferred them from me for two reasons; first I shot them in the eye every time, and second I was on very good terms with his youngest son. A sad smile appeared on Gale's lips after my laugh. "He even wished me luck. I need it." "How many times is your name in there?" I asked him. Everyone between the ages of 12 and 19 get their name in the pool for tributes each year. Most only have one to eight slips in the pools, depending on their age, but say you're old enough to enter the games and you come for a poor, starving family. You can add your name into the pool each time for the number of people in your family to get a tessera. Tesserae can get you a meager supply of grain and oil for a year for each member of your family. I had been taking three tesserae every year since I was old enough to, and now at sixteen I had not only the five slips that were required but also 15 others for every tesserae I'd taken. Giving me a grand total of 20 slips in the pool. "42 tesserae this year," Gale told me as he looked down at the bread in his hands. "But with five mouths to feed, everything helps." He grabbed half of my cheese and spread it over his slice of bread. I looked down at my slice and breathed in deep, lifting it like a glass cup saying in the annoying accent of the Capitol people, "Happy Hunger Games!" Gale tapped his bread against mine and said in the same accent, "And may the odds be ever in your favor!" We both laughed, though it was kind of forced. Our minds were still on the upcoming Reaping and the odds of one of us getting picked. I tried to dismiss that thought and just as we started to eat our bread the bell chimed once again. "One hour to go," I mumbled sadly and scarfed down the rest of my bread and berries, getting up quickly. "You coming to the Hob with me today?" I asked as I slung the bag of death fish and game over my shoulder. I was glad we'd been successful today and hoped we didn't get in trouble for being gone so long. Gale rose to his full height with a smile on his face. "No. Madge wants to walk with me to the square. I think she's afraid of going by herself." It was understandable. Madge was my age, and the only living child of District Twelve's mayor, Marcus Undersee. She was a shy but sweet girl who I would eat lunch with at school. Gale use to believe she was a stuck up child until the Hunger Games two years ago when Jared Undersee, Madge's older brother, got reaped. Jared was a kind and honest guy who hated violence. No one in the District thought he would live through the games, and they were right. He didn't even last the first twenty minutes, having been killed by a vicious boy from District One who went on to win the whole thing that year. The death of her brother had sent Madge in a state of depression that lasted almost four