Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, nor am I making any sort of profit from writing this. Full Summary: Draco becomes an apprentice Auror in hopes of atoning for some of his past mistakes. The job is a lot more than he bargained for, never mind being assigned to work with Harry bloody Potter. Well, if he could survive Voldemort, he can survive an internship under a git with a hero complex. ...At least until everything goes to hell, and he finds himself trapped with Harry in Grimmauld Place, with nothing else to keep him company but his own demons. Maybe Harry can help with that if Draco will just freaking trust him, damn it! Notes: Be gentle, this is my first attempt at Drarry, or a decent Harry Potter fic in general. ...Even though I've shipped these two since I was like 12. Shit I'm getting old. Anyway, this is set post Deathly Hollows, but ignores the epilogue. They're about 25 years old in this. IDK how long this is going to be; I'm just kind of pulling it out of my arse as I go along. So yeah, I would really appreciate any feedback you guys are willing to give me. Also, please pardon my mixture of American and British spellings of things; they're both right as far as I'm concerned. I'm British but I've lived in the US for a long time so hell if I know which way's up anymore. XD Warnings: Graphic consensual m/m sexual content, homophobia (internalized and not), swearing, canon-typical violence, angst and PTSD/Depression symptoms. Lots of fluff too, later in the story. It's not all angst. The individual chapters containing this type of stuff will have a warning attached. Chapter One: The Nightmare Begins "You're joking." He'd heard it wrong; that was it. There was no way they'd assign him to Potter. No, surely not. What if that evil Malfoy boy corrupted the great, glorious savior of the wizarding world? Draco stared up at Kingsley in a mixture of horror and disbelief. Kingsley stared right back without so much as flinching. "I assure you, Mr. Malfoy, I am not joking. Starting immediately, you will work as Potter's assistant. In six months time, depending on his evaluation of your performance, you will be officially recognized an Auror. If Potter does not give you a passing grade, you will have to retake the written and practical portions of the Auror training course before you can attempt another internship." Kingsley told him firmly. Draco was sure he'd repeated at least some if it; he nearly fainted when Kingsley mentioned an internship with Potter. "I think this will be a good learning experience – for both of you." He added, with a hint of a smirk. Draco barely managed not to groan aloud and tell Kingsley where he could shove his 'learning experience'. "With all due respect, Minister, this is going to be a bloody disaster." Draco whinged, knowing it was futile. Kingsley wouldn't change the assignment after he'd made up his mind. He shouldn't even be complaining, really. Sure, it was going to be hell working with Potter, but it was thanks to that miserable git that he'd even been accepted into the Auror training program in the first place. The ministry had refused his application due to his past involvement with the Death Eaters, but Potter had asked them to reconsider. He loathed to think about it, but he was definitely in debt to Potter. "Being an Auror means you will find yourself in more than a few life or death situations, and that means trusting your fellow Aurors to have your back when you find yourself in a mess. If you can't set aside your differences with Potter enough to maintain a civil professional relationship, you won't make it as an Auror." Kingsley explained, a touch irritably. "Think of this assignment as your final lesson. Pass or fail; the choice is yours. Unless you have any further questions or pointless complaints, Potter is waiting for you in his office." Draco stared hard at the ornate carpet beneath his feet. "Fine." He said and swept out of Kingsley's office without waiting for a reply. He nearly had a nervous breakdown as he slipped into the nearest elevator that was jam-packed with ministry workers and little paper memos flitting around the ceiling. How was he going to do this? Potter hated him. Maybe he thought Draco had some good in him, but he still hated him. Unconsciously he traced his finger along the serpentine scar that was hidden under his shirt. Maybe he didn't want to do the things he did back then, but he still did them because he was too much of a coward to stand up to his father. He deserved to be hated. That was why he chose to become an Auror – to vindicate himself. He couldn't afford to fail. Failure wasn't in his nature; A Malfoy never backed down from a challenge. He stepped off the elevator on the floor where the Aurors' offices were and took a deep breath. He knocked three times on the door with Potter's name next to it. There was no turning back now. "Come in!" Potter called. "Mind the kneazle, she bites people she doesn't like." Draco cringed and nearly tripped over the obnoxious white furball in question. She was asleep on the floor, sprawled out like she owned the place, right in front of the door. "What's with the kneazle, Potter?" Draco asked with a sneer. "You know how the Auror dept has that stupid white elephant party during the holidays every year...?" Potter said awkwardly. "The one I have managed to avoid for the entire three years that I've worked here?" Draco supplied, sidestepping the kneazle that made a half-arsed attempt to claw his ankle as he walked by. She was wearing the most ridiculous pink rhinestone encrusted collar Draco had ever seen. He almost wanted to vomit. "Yeah, that's the one. I know you'd never take my advice, Malfoy, but don't go. Ever. Her name is Princess Amelia Von Fluffybits. Just call her Princess. Or ignore her; I mostly do." Harry quipped, and looked up from the day's copy of the Daily Prophet . The front page, of course, had a photo of him with the headline: 'Harry Potter: Gay Crisis?'. Draco tried, and failed, not to smirk. He wasn't sure if it was good or bad that Rita Skeeter was still tearing Potter's public image to shreds at every given opportunity. It had been ages since he'd read the Prophet; maybe it was time to pick up a copy. You know, for entirely wholesome, non-blackmailing uses. "Gay crisis? Seriously? Don't take this a complement, but that's fucking pathetic even for them." Draco drawled and seated himself on the small sofa near Potter's desk. The place was a mess. There were piles of paperwork on every flat surface, and kneazle hair on everything else. Draco tried not to think of how many little white hairs would be stuck to his black coat when he got up. He cursed himself inwardly and wondered if he was going to be responsible for the appalling amount of ignored paperwork. Probably. That was how his luck seemed to work these days. "So, I have an intern." Potter commented, ignoring Draco and furiously balling the newspaper up in his hands much more violently than necessary. Draco barely managed not to make another jab at Potter as he set the Prophet on fire with a prod of his wand. "You do." Draco said glumly. "An unpaid one, as it were." "So, I'm going to skip the whole safety and teamwork speech Kingsley expects me to read you. It's nauseating and pointless since we're probably going to kill each other anyway." Harry complained disgustedly, and dropped a thick parchment scroll into the overflowing waste basket beside his desk. "What we are going to do, is something practical. I've got a few reports of 'strange accidents' coming from muggle London. It's probably nothing, but we'll have a look." "Wonderful. Fraternizing with muggles. How far I have fallen." Draco whinged, and considered aiming a kick at Princess who was inching ever closer to him with murder in her beady yellow eyes. Harry ignored his comment, though it was obviously costing him some serious effort to do so. "So, what are these 'accidents', exactly?" Harry handed Draco a suspiciously thin case file. "I'd tell you, but you might as well read it for yourself so you don't miss anything important." Draco snatched the folder from Harry's hand. "...A total of three suspicious deaths in the same borough in the past week, former death eaters suspected." He glared at Harry over the top of the file. "And how often is it actually former death eaters?" "Malfoy, be realistic. You know the answer to that as well as I do, but the ministry is still run by a bunch of bitter old farts. Shut up and read it – all of it. I'm going to get us a cuppa, and then we'll get started." Harry snapped and stalked out of the room without waiting for a reply. He was being surprisingly civil, all things considered, but Draco could see the tension in every line of his body as he nearly slammed the door behind him on his way out. Almost never, you mean, Draco thought to himself. What a lot of people didn't realize, was that not every death eater wanted to be an evil bastard. A lot of them did it because they thought it would keep their families safe. ...That if they were on the Dark Lord's good side when the shit hit the fan, they might not have to bury their children. They were good people in over their heads. The ones that actually supported wanton murder had mostly been rounded up by the ministry within months of when Voldemort had fallen. Draco ran his fingers through his white-blonde hair unconsciously in irritation. Potter was certainly a lot harder to piss off than he had been when they were younger. He ducked out of the office and into the messy little lounge on the Aurors' floor. There was still a copy of the Daily Prophet laying on the coffee table. With an amused smirk, he scanned over the article about Potter's supposed gay crisis. It was drivel, of course, just a load of garbage about how Potter's failed relationship with the Weaslette and his lack of a replacement hinted at a preference for men. Draco wasn't sure what he had been expecting, but he'd hoped it might be something more entertaining at the very least. When Harry returned, Draco was innocently sitting on the couch as he read over the case file. The victims had no known connection to each other, and had all died under questionable circumstances. The only similarity was that they all seemed to be running from something. One man had thrown himself off the roof of the office building he worked at, screaming about a monster chasing him. It was the only one that made the muggle news on a major scale, and probably only because of the man's splattered remains having caused horrendous traffic delays on the street below. The second man was hit by a train that he ran in front of, but a later investigation showed that he'd gouged his eyes out with his own hands. It made the muggle news, but only suggesting that the man was a drug addict and that there wasn't anything suspicious about it. Draco wondered what they'd seen that would prompt such reactions. The third had not ran, instead he'd reportedly refused to leave his cellar, and told his wife that it was the only place he was safe from the thing chasing him. His wife burnt the house down while cooking, killing him anyway. 'Probably nothing', Potter had said. It couldn't possibly have been any