Jubilant and boisterous shouts and exclamations reverberated through the darkened manor. The Dark Lord Voldemort put down his glass and moved to his raised seat, making himself comfortable before the doors to the room burst open. He had spent the last two hours in contemplation as he awaited the return of his followers from their latest mission. Normally he would busy himself with other work as a distraction, sitting around was a shameful waste of his time. This task however had taken months of planning and if properly executed, would serve a lethal blow to his opponents. The candlelight lit up the white masks of his followers as they entered the room, splatters of blood marring some of them. They marched in, forming an orderly regiment with bound haggard prisoners dragged along. He watched imperiously from his throne, he was pleased they had obviously more than succeeded in their mission but he made sure no indication of his satisfaction reached his face. The death eaters lined the prisoners up as best they could in the room, a few were unconscious or stupefied so had been dumped more or less in order with the others. The others were shaking in fear, keeping their eyes to the ground as if to deny who they had been brought before. Once his followers had the captives positioned they bowed in subservience. One among them came forward, his heavy boots scuffed the shiny wood floor and he inelegantly bent to the floor. "My Lord, we have returned from our mission." The Dark Lord waited a beat before he answered, giving the stout man enough time to wonder if he had even been heard. "Yes, I am aware." His cold voice made the younger man flinch. He stretched out the silence again, the fear radiating off the prisoners (and his followers) was practically palpable. A cursory glance at the line of shuffling, cowering prisoners showed there were about thirteen of them. Curious. "You have brought more than I was anticipating." The masked man nodded enthusiastically, clearly mistaking quantity with quality. "Yes, my Lord. A few others decided to join in the fighting so we overwhelmed them and brought them here as well." The young man lifted his hand to remove his mask. A sharp remark paused him. "Do not remove that." He would not risk the identity of one of his most loyal servants for nothing and the fate of all the captives was yet undecided. He schooled his voice to become less hostile. "You have done well my faithfuls, you will be rewarded." He stood to his full height, it gave him a sense of pleasure to see both his prisoners and followers shrink back and he slowly, gracefully made his way to the pitiful things. Whimpering and shuffling noises were the only things that could be heard. The first prisoner was unconscious, a deep gash to the man's forehead the obvious cause. It was a waste really. "You are all talented witches and wizards, led astray by the lies of the light. Step forward any one of you who wishes to join me, this will be your only chance." Voldemort waited a beat, a few of them shifted awkwardly — considering. As he was about to continue, a bloodied young woman limped forward, blonde hair matted in crimson and a shoulder hanging at a grotesque angle. "Please, please, I will join. Please have mercy." Tears spilled down her face as she beseeched him. She didn't even have time to recoil as a streak of green light hit her and she dropped with a thump heavily to the wooden floor. "Unfortunately, we are not currently looking for mudbloods to fill out our ranks." His servants chuckled with restraint at the remark, the prisoners had become even more tense if it was possible. He wasn't even sure if his victim actually was a mudblood. She must have been one of the extras brought along by his death eaters. Regardless, he preferred at least a shred of loyalty in his servants - she would not have lasted long. With a careful step he walked along the line of prisoners, nodding approvingly at a few of the familiar faces. Marlene McKinnon, he had been keen for a while to put her out of action. As with all the prisoners, she avoided his gaze and seemed to stare blankly into the distance. Beside her was Trevor McLintock and his wife, both commentators with the Daily Prophet that had refused to write in favour of their pureblood rhetoric. He did not recognise the young man beside them, he looked to still be a teenager. "And what do they call you?" The boy was trembling so much he thought he was going to fall over. The Dark Lord would almost have wagered his undivided attention had caused the young lad to piss himself. "I-I…" The ashen boy stuttered dreadfully, the Dark Lord almost had an urge to just kill him then and there. "Well? Have you forgotten your own name, you fool?" "T-thomas Carmichael." His lip curled back in disgust at the name, so similar to the one he had been afflicted with. All the more reason to make the boy suffer, but that would come in good time. Thomas let out a deep breath when he started moving again to pass Alice Longbottom, stupefied and laying in a heap on the ground. Her small frame and short mousy hair belied the ferocity he knew her to be capable of. Beside her had been the dead woman, he sidestepped her corpse, left in an undignified pose. Past them was Dorcas Meadowes and a man he assumed to be her fiancee - a simple muggle that should have been left for dead rather than brought to his home. Unfortunately initiative was often one of the most difficult things to instil in his servants. His eyes swept over the two Livingstone brothers, barely graduated from Hogwarts, before they landed on another unexpected prisoner. He was surprised he hadn't noticed her before now, her thick ebony hair and striking face drew the eyes against their will. Blood still oozed from her bottom lip and she trembled slightly as he gazed down at her even though her eyes were downcast. The man beside her was sobbing silently but he paid no attention. "I have to congratulate my followers, they really did manage a fine, unexpected catch today." He turned to his followers and noticed them nodding at each other smugly - always so desperate for approval. He returned his piercing gaze to the young woman trembling before him. "I have to say I am surprised to see a Black here — you must be the famous Bellatrix." With a smirk to himself he continued. "Or perhaps I should say, infamous?" She gave no acknowledgement that she had even heard her name, never mind the question but he paid no attention. He had of course heard of her before, an exceptional member of the Black family — in every sense of the meaning. A well educated witch and a total outcast. The only member of the Black family to be raised in the household despite less than pure blood. It was fascinating really given the families ruthless adherence to blood purity. He couldn't help imagine, she must be somewhat special. An inexplicable sense of excitement had grown inside him and he moved back to his throne but did not sit down. "Within the next few hours, you will all be dead." A desperate moan was heard but he ignored it. He would be having his fun today. "As there are more of you here than I had initially anticipated, I have decided to be merciful." He noticed a ripple spread through their numbers, a tiny sliver of hope enough to excite them. "One of you will be spared. One of you will be able to return and give a message to those fools that are rallying against me. But who shall it be?" Lord Voldemort considered them all, as if he hadn't already decided. He was however surprised when one of them stepped forward. The death eaters levelled their wands at the unarmed woman. "Ahh, are you volunteering Miss McKinnon?" She raised her eyes to him, fury blazing in them as she clenched her hands at her sides and spat vehemently. "You can do what you want to us, Dumbledore and the Order will rise up against you. We will destroy you and all your pathetic followers! Everyone of us you kill, more will spring up to bring you down, you bastard!" He had to admire her really. She had been brought face to face with evil and refused to lie down. Nevertheless he motioned to his deatheaters, who immediately hexed her to the ground and dragged her towards his throne. She lay between the two men with tears running down her face as she tried to suppress the pain from the boils that had erupted on her skin. He returned to the rest of the them. "I think you shall be the lucky one Miss Black. You were not originally chosen to die here today." The dark haired woman didn't raise her head but he noticed the slightest widening of her eyes. It gave him some small amount of pleasure to shock her - he would see how shocked he could make her with the other prisoners. "Come. He motioned her to approach him but she hadn't seen it. After a beat she raised her head to him, confusion and fear entrenched in her face. As her eyes met his own dispassionate ones, she looked straight back down in terror. He realised she had become paralysed by fear. As much as he enjoyed inciting such mindless terror in her, he despised disobedience and with a twitch of his wand sent a cutting curse her way. She hissed as it grazed her cheek, blood immediately leaking from the straight cut. "Come here now." Gracefully she stepped forward, he noticed her glance sideways at the corpse as she trembled. Unsure, she continued to approach until she was level with Marlene and her two guards. "Now, Bellatrix. You are a guest, come sit here, I don't want you miss a single thing." With faux hospitality he conjured a simple, small wooden stool to the left of his huge throne and motioned her to sit as he did the same. She froze again for a moment and he watched her warring thoughts. He did not need the assistance of legilimency to see how his civility was baffling her, how her fear and disgust were fighting her survival instincts. Just as he was wondering if he would have to curse the stupid woman again, she stumbled forward, every step anticipating some trickery. When she made to sit at last, he noticed with amusement that she held herself clenched up, expecting attack. From this angle he could see she had obviously been hit in the back, blood soaked through the torn dark blue dress. Three deep gashes marred the pale skin. His attention was pulled away as his most senior servant stepped up to his right and cleared his throat nervously and whispered. "My Lord. I do not mean to question your choices but I feel I must inform you. Although she was not part of the Order, or one of our targets, she engaged us in battle. She held off three of your followers and was only subdued when I approached her from behind." He noticed his other followers looked bewildered at his decision to have her sat beside him. "Are you scared of her?" He smirked mockingly at the man whom he was sure was reddening beneath his mask. "She is a woman. An untrained civilian. And now she will be a simple messenger. There is no need for you to feel threatened, unless of course there is something you want to share." His keen gaze barely concealed his