Shadow's Peak The 72nd Hunger Games. Faythe was supposed to be safe and sound in District 9, but now here she was: running around trying to stay alive with a boy who was strangely good with a bow. The small pitter-patter of rain caused the sleeping girl to stir, kicking off the rags she called covers. The air was chilling, slowly creeping in through the poorly built structure acting as her home. The smell of mold irrevocably stained in the eggshell-colored walls was mixed with the smell of the raindrops falling outside. With a deep sigh, the girl slowly pushed herself up from the rickety bed, the mattress' springs creaking as she did. Wasn't that just her luck? She was already having trouble sleeping, and the rain decided to aid in her insomnia. The girl brought a hand up to her neck, rubbing it tiredly as she looked toward the dismal outside. The rain was beginning to pick up, falling at a faster pace now. She liked to believe that the heavens were weeping — if there even was a heaven at all. Instinctively, she fidgeted with the bronze necklace melded into the shape of two leaves hanging loosely around her neck, hoping that the jewelry would bring her some kind of comfort in this gloomy weather. It was the only thing that tied the girl to her mother who had died when she was only seven. She still remembered the day as if it had only happened yesterday... The Peacekeepers claimed it to be an accident, but she knew that was a lie. Since when would a gendarmerie controlled by the Capitol kill innocent workers on accident ? She let out an even breath slowly, deciding against her better judgment to put the memories away for now. Today was already solemn enough without her adding any more painful memories to the mix. She exhaled again, softly, as she slowly opened up her door, careful not to wake up her father and brother in the small room next to hers. Tip toeing down the long corridor of the hallway, she made her way to the kitchen. The place wasn't anything special, a tiny blue room with a small wood burning stove and a refrigerator that barely ever got power. Not to mention the rickety, wooden table that was about to collapse due to the weight of the miscellaneous items scattered on top of it. District 9 wasn't the richest District; in fact it was far from it. Specializing in grain didn't really do much except get people some bread and calloused hands. She knew better then to complain. Her father always told her 'be proud of your district' and 'embrace its specialization.' But why would someone be proud of a District that had lost every Hunger Games up to date except for a staggering five times? Five times out of the past seventy-one hardly seemed like a threatening number, especially if someone was looking to get sponsors after they were reaped. The girl didn't know why she was worrying about that now. Her name would only be in there twenty-one times: four due to her age, which was fifteen, and an extra seventeen times because of her exchange of reaping entries for tesserae — added cumulatively over the three long, grueling years she'd been eligible to compete in the games of course. District 9 had the eleventh largest population with a total of 15,346 people up to date. With about 3/5 of that number included in the twelve to eighteen age range, there was no doubt in her mind that she was most likely going to be safe for another year, required to work out in the mills or in the fields until the next July came around. But, then she would be forced to worry all over again. The District 9 girl took a quick glance at the time, looking over to the clock above the kitchen sink. It read eight o' two in the morning. The reaping wasn't for another six hours. Holding onto her necklace for another moment, the girl sighed deeply, reluctantly opening up the front door to her house before stepping outside. Usually at this hour, the dirt pavement was littered with grimy men and women, each working in contempt. District 9 worked from sun up to sun down, and if someone was caught out past ten or out before five, they would be punished. In other words, the Capitol would send Peacekeepers to come and execute them. It was hardly 'peaceful'. Or humane. But today, the roads were devoid of both Peacekeepers and workers. Everyone was most likely sleeping in — for the one and only time they would have the chance to this year. The rain was continuing its slow downpour, each frigid drop hurling down with brute force toward the dirt pavement below. She guessed that she liked the rain, if not a lot, then only a little bit. After all, Mother Nature was the same to the Districts as it was to the Capitol. Mother Nature didn't hold back her gusts of winds and her cold, stormy nights. She didn't hold back the harsh elements to the ungrateful Capitol bigots. With a small drop falling down onto her nose from her leaking awning, that was enough to make her smile. The girl walked back inside to grab a coat, remaining as quiet as she had been when she first woke up. She pulled the black hood over her head as she turned away from her house, sauntering down the dirt path that headed west. She had always despised the games. Not because they was unfair— which, yes they were — but because her only friend had been reaped at the low age of twelve. That was three years ago. And seeing her best friend die on screen to a Career in a hot, burning desert didn't make matters better. It toughened up the girl, however, adding to the tough façade that she had put up since her mother's death. The lovely woman, with hair dark as coal and eyes the color of amber, always took her to a secret place when she was little, unbeknownst to the rest of their family and the Peacekeepers. And ever since then, the girl would go there whenever she could. Today being the reaping day, it seemed like a good reason to head down there. It was a small little cove that was hidden within what used to be known as the Great Lakes. Of course, it was passed the District lines, which meant that it was illegal to visit. Risking getting caught, the girl's mother would take them in the dead of night when the moon was full. Only then was the cove truly magical. At the top of the cave was a perfectly carved circle, large enough to let the full moon shine straight through the opening. The girl's mother would sing her a song, a lullaby of sorts. It drowned out the oppression going on around them and made everything seem okay. But nothing was ever going to be okay. The Capitol was always going to control the Districts because no one would do a damn thing to stop it. "— Faythe, what are you doing out here so early?" A voice interrupted, making the girl turn her head to the left and spray a few loose rain droplets from her saturated hood. It was her neighbor, Mrs. Divinity. Mrs. Divinity was an older woman, around her mid-sixties. Her snow-white hair could rival President Snow himself, but hers was completely natural. The older woman's upper lip was also indented with wrinkles, presumably due to her old smoking habits. Other than the occasional yelling of someone being on her lawn, she was a pretty nice lady. Faythe smiled as she eyed the woman, "Oh, good morning Mrs. Divinity. I was just going out for some fresh air. I can see you were doing the same?" "It's the only thing I can do," she sighed, shaking her head. Though, both women looked up at the cloudy, dismal sky. Yeah, fresh air. "With work cancelled today due to the reaping.. I figured I would go out and enjoy the day while it lasted." "Sounds smart," Faythe nodded her head. "I'm surprised not many people are out taking advantage of it." "That's what fear does to you," Mrs. Divinity sighed, taking a sip of her low-quality coffee. Faythe thought that the drink tasted like grimy dirt. "Even though the Peacekeepers aren't out, the townspeople still have fear of them lurking around." "That's what this damned dictatorship does," Faythe grimaced, and she instinctively felt her fist tighten up. "Say.. you're in the reaping today, right?" Mrs. Divinity questioned. "How many times is your name in there this time?" Faythe nodded solemnly, bitterly, "Twenty-one." Mrs. Divinity wove a hand, noticing the girl's sad expression, "Don't worry about it. That's not that much in the grand scheme of things." "One reaping ticket is enough to get your name called," the girl bit back, the words coming out harsher than expected. "Well then .. may the odds be ever in your favor," the old woman chuckled slightly, her voice mimicking the sick, posh, Capitol accent. Faythe smiled slightly at the optimism before making her way back down the path, hands shaking a little in anxiety. She saw her face in the reflection in one of the many pools of water beneath her, and she grit her teeth at the girl staring back at her. After that, she managed to lift up her head, if only just a little bit. The girl returned home a little after noon. By then, the rain had stopped completely, and the puffy white clouds made their way into the sky. Faythe opened up the door to her small house to see her brother bounding around their small kitchen. Her father, not very authoritative, attempted to calm the boy down, but that only resulted in the small, eleven year-old boy growing even crazier. And in result he knocked over a few pans. Tobin, the girl's brother, was rather plain looking. He mostly took after their father, with his dull brown hair and glossy, green eyes. Faythe took more after her mother, black hair falling just above her shoulders with a slight curl to the ends, and flushed skin. The only thing she didn't receive from her parents was her ice-blue eyes; they were inherited from her grandmother. The one thing the girl didn't like about herself was the millions of freckles dusting her cheeks. It looked to Faythe as if she had gotten sprayed with a hose of mud and forgot to wash off her face. Other than that, Faythe considered herself a Plain Jane. A Plain Jane with a mud face. She walked to the one bathroom they had, avoiding her brother and father altogether. They had too much energy — especially on this day. She sighed as she stared at the full tub of murky bath water, watching in disgust as the bottom of the tub was lined in a thin film of dirt. District 9 was the most impoverished District when it came to water; the Capitol cut off their supply to natural, clean water ten years back. Ever since then, it was extremely hard for the District to collect their own supply, and they now had to rely on the Capitol for water rations. Even then, the rations were slim, and most households had to survive on fifty gallons of water a week. So most of the time, families kept their bath water full for at least two weeks. Although slightly unsanitary, it was better to have clean water to drink than clean water to bathe in. So stepping into the small tub of cloudy water, Faythe washed her body and hair, using a scented soap that one of their next-door neighbors had made by hand. It smelt of strawberries and lilac,