Bella/Caius. Set after Edward learns in new moon. Bella finished school and moved on from Edward. After graduating and losing Charlie to a drunk driver she sells the house and decides to travel. She wants to leave Forks behind and the bad memories it holds. (Victoria hasn't made her appearance yet.) Bella ends up vacationing in Volterra Italy not knowing anything about the Volturi as Edward never told her. When she signs up for a tour and ends up being part of the feeding group for the vampires there she's scared out of her mind but when she whispered the words 'Vampires. And not like the Cullen's." Caius stops her from being killed. They end up finding out just how much she truly knows and gives her a choice. Join them or die. Bella always wanted to be a Vampire and to do something that Edward wouldn't want is even more reason to join and she chooses the beautiful Caius that captured her attention to turn her creating a mating bond between. Mature content I don't own anything. Caius never mated in this story. Just a little one shot I wanted to try. Chapter 1 Bella sighed as she opened her eyes. She was staying in a hotel in Volterra. A town in Tuscany Italy. She had been traveling for the last few months. A lot had happened when she turned 18. Edward and the Cullen's betrayed her and she felt deep anger and hatred for several of them, Edward being the top of the list. Then Jake stop hanging around when he turned into a wolf. She graduated high school only to lose Charlie a few weeks after due to a drunk driver. She had been devastated to lose her father and that was the final straw for Forks. She sold the house and her truck and took the money Charlie left her and decided to see the world. See if she can find happiness again. She'd already been to Paris and London and now Italy was the next stop. Her view from her room was amazing. She could see the small courtyard down below and the massive castle that dominated the town with its Old Italian beauty. She had already planned to try and tour that today. Dressing for the day she headed out with her bag grabbing a quick pasty for breakfast on the way and lined up in the line in front of the castle. She couldn't see the lady that was speaking to the group so she focused on looking around the area instead. When the group started walking Bella followed behind at the end. The castle was stunning and she wasn't even paying attention to their guide. Some blonde women in a red dress. Bella just looked around and ran her hands over the stone walls and frames that lined the wall as they walked down a long darkened hall only lit with lamps on the walls as if she stepped back into mid evil times. "Right this way. To meet the kings." She heard and turned as they walked through a set of large double doors. The group filed in and Bella couldn't see much until it parted and Bella walked between a few taller males in her way. What she saw made her gasp in shock. "Oh shit." She said as she gazed at the three male's standing in front of thrones gazing at the group with redden eyes. Several others standing around the room slowly circling the group as the doors shut behind them. Bella's eyes were drawn to the blonde 'king' standing to the right with shoulder length blonde hair and a sadistic smirk on his face and Bella closed her eyes. "Vampires. And not like the Cullen's just my luck." She whispered but all red eyes snapped to her the moment the words left her mouth. A very tall and big Vampire appeared in front of her and she gasp as did several other humans but they seemed to be under the effect of a spell. Bella could see the vacant looks in their eyes. "What did you just say?" The big Vampire growled and Bella took a step back shaking in fear. "Felix. Enough." She heard and Felix nodded and moved back to his spot standing next to a short blonde girl. Bella looked over and saw the blonde 'king' stepped forward and motioned his finger to her to come to him. Sighing she walked slowly towards him until she was standing in front of his throne. She saw the two other dark haired 'kings' looking at her and the blonde male with a curious expression. He tilted her face up to meet his red eyes. "You know what we are?" he ask and she nodded biting her lip as she rubbed the bite mark on her wrist. He looked down and it and raised a surprised brow. "You survived a bite?" he ask taking her arm and pushing the sleeve up some to show his bothers. She nodded again as he looked at it. He had seen her when she entered and smelled her once she walked forward. He had planned to feed from her until she spoke the word Vampires and now he was intrigued for different reasons. "Who bit you my dear?" the dark haired king next to the blonde ask her and she sighed. "His name was James. He's dead now." Bella said and the Vampires knew there was a good story here. "Was he the ones that exposed us to you?" Caius ask and Bella shook her head. She knew these Vampires were dangerous but so far they hadn't hurt her. Not like the Cullen's did. "No sir. I dated a Vampire before but he left me when I turned 18. It's a long story." She said and he nodded. "I'm sure it is and I intend to hear it." Caius said and Bella nodded taking that as an order. He waved over another male Vampire. "What's your name Mia Gattino?" the blonde ask. "Isabella Swan. Everyone calls me Bella." She told him and he nodded before turning towards the new male Vampire. "Alec. Take Miss. Swan to my study then come back for diner." Caius ordered and Alec nodded "Of course Master Caius." He said before holding his arm out to Bella. She frowned but nodded and took it. "We will join you momentarily Gattino." The blonde she now knew as Caius told her as she walked off. She nodded to him and tried not to think about what was going to happen to all those humans and what still might happen to her once she was done talking. Alec walked her in silence through the hall before pushing open the double doors of a very large study full of books. Bella gasp as she took it all in causing the vampire to chuckle. "Don't leave this room until the Master comes for you. You don't want to piss him off." Alec told her and she nodded and watched him leave, shutting the door behind him. She decided since she was there to help herself to a book. She didn't know how long she would have to wait or if she'd be giving the chance later so she ran her fingers over several books before pulling out an original Shakespeare and sitting herself in the large plushy chair by the window and read. When Caius pushed open the door freshly fed and cleaned up he chuckled. This has to be the weirdest Human he'd ever met. Instead of freaking out and trying to escape she was sitting in his chair and reading one of his book like she lived there and hadn't a care in the world. Aro and Marcus looked over his shoulder to see why he had stopped and chuckled and they smirked to each other. "Making yourself comfy I see." Caius ask and she jumped a little before biting her lip. "Well, I can't pass up the chance to read an original Shakespeare." She said and he chuckled as he walked forward his 2 brothers following. They all took seats and stared at the human girl. "This is Aro and Marcus. So, tell us everything." Caius said propping his chin on his hand and pinning her with his bright red eyes. Sighing she closed the book and sat it on the table before nodding. "Yes sir. When I was 17 I moved from Arizona where I lived with my mom and moved to Fork's Washington to live with my father. My mother had just remarried and didn't have time for me anymore. When I moved there I met a boy in my biology class. He was overly perfect with copper toned hair and at the time dark black eyes and he hated me. He ended up leaving for a few days after that before coming back. His eyes were gold then and I eventually learned his name was Edward Cullen." She said and the three brothers shared looks. "So it was the Cullen coven that broke the rules then?" Caius ask smirking and Bella had the impression he had been waiting for them to do something for a long time, Aro sighed in defeat pinching the bridge of his nose. "Well, technically they never told me what they were. I figured it out on my own and confronted him with it. Apparently he couldn't read my mind and it really drove him nuts at first so he started hanging around me to try and see what made me different. Saved me from being crushed by a car and then later from being gang raped. Then when I confronted him on what I though he and his family were he confirmed it and we started dating." She said and they nodded. "You fell in love with him." Marcus said. He had been studying her bonds as she talked. The one that had been a strong bond towards the Cullen's was broken and one was slowly making its way towards Caius and Marcus found that interesting. "Yeah. Or at least I thought I did. Anyways, I started getting to know them all and then one day they took me to play a game of Vampire baseball. While there the human drinking Vampire came through. James, Victoria and Laurent. When they smelled me James immediately wanted to attack but the Cullen's stopped him and I guess he was a really good tracker and decided to make a game out of hunt the human. He and Victoria left while Laurent went to visit the Cullen's friends up in Alaska that live like they do." she said and they nodded. "The group Eleazar went to." Caius said looking over towards Aro who nodded. Bella wasn't sure who that was but she just continued. "They ended up sending me to Arizona with Jasper and Alice while the others tried to lure James away with a false trail. It didn't work and he found me in Arizona. He called my phone and made it seem like he had my mother so I ditched Alice and Jasper and ran to meet up with him to save my mom. It ended up being a trick. He knocked me around a while broken several bones and then bit me here." She said pointing to her scar and they nodded. "The Cullen's showed up, killed James and Edward sucked the venom out of me because he never wanted to turn me." She said and Caius hissed in anger. "He did what?" he spat a growl in his voice and Bella just stared at him wide eyed for a moment afraid to say anything he looked really mad. Eventually he motioned for her to continue. "I healed after that and everything went back to normal. We kept dating and went back to school. But we argued a lot about turning me. I wanted him too but he didn't want to 'ruin