READ BEFORE STORY: Hey guys! Acerola Orion here, and if you can guess where my name comes from, then you get brownie points. So this is something I've been toying with a while, and I've decided to upload it onto fanfiction. I'm drawing elements from a lot of different stories I've read before and adding them into one, but I'm relying really heavily upon the concept of a story that I'd read a few years ago. English isn't my first language, so I hope that it's not too bad, and it's also my first attempt at writing a legitimate story. I wish I could add more people. I intend to use each character as fully as possible, so it's a shame to label just Percy, Annabeth, Thalia, and Piper as the sole main characters. I'd like to say that everyone will play a role in the story, and if you're a fan of Percy x Zoe or Percy x Reyna, there's no need to worry at all since I like those two ships as well and I'll allow everyone an equal chance at getting with our favorite demigod. This is an AU where everyone's a mortal, but there are some otherworldly things being involved here. I got some inspiration from Pandora's Jar and the Seven Deadly Sins as well. The categories list it as Romance and Adventure, which I guess it is, but I'd also list it as Drama, Mystery, Horror, Supernatural/Fantasy (I think?), Hurt/Comfort, Friendship, and maybe even Tragedy (kidding). Rated M just for blood and cussing, so no lemons or anything of that sort. The summary is a modified bit of the story. With those explanations out of the way, please enjoy! AU. For some reason, Percy knew her name before she even said anything. "I am Annabeth Chase," she declared, "and this is the 746th time I've tried to stop this loop without success. So, for a change of pace, I'm declaring war with you, Percy Jackson." The struggle begins! What secrets about his life and the people around him will Percy discover when his ordinary life is destroyed? All of a sudden, I heard it. [Do you know what a jar is, Percy?] I was drowning in a sea of despair. Deep and alone in the murky water, I saw the figure of someone before me . Beautiful yet terrible, a vague shade of a human merged into the dark with tendrils and endless curls. I saw a face without features that looked like every man and woman in the world and nothing all at once, and I watched in mortification as a wide, gleaming smile flashed into existence. In a voice that blended young and old, male and female, it spoke to me. [A jar is something that will grant any wish that you have.] [It is something of infinite power.] [The only limit to its power is your own imagination.] "What? What are you talking about?" I screamed into nothingness. [So, what do you think?] [Would you like a jar?] Darkness crept upon the edges of my vision. Somewhere above me, a faint, minuscule light glowed. All amongst the shadows, a single ray of light emerged. And I knew—I knew that no matter how dim or how bleak things seemed, there was always hope. The being looked at me, the same, unnerving smile still splitting its face in two. It was waiting. Expecting. Excited for what I was about to say. And so, with a small, unassuming grin of my own, I gave it my answer. " Destiny has two ways of crushing us – by refusing our wishes and by fulfilling them." —Henri Frederic Amiel 1st Iteration "Alright campers, this is the official beginning of Camp Half-blood!" a kindly-looking man announced, earning the claps and cheers from everyone in the pavilion. I clapped my hands along with everyone else. "Now, let's have our introductions!" A beautiful blonde girl rose and smiled. "Hi, my name is Annabeth Chase. Nice to meet all of you!" Her face was bright, almost glowing. The broad, shining smile on her face was unforgettable. 46th Iteration With an obviously strained smile, the girl introduced herself. "My name is Annabeth." Promptly, she sat back down without another word. 113th Iteration "Annabeth," the girl muttered emotionlessly. I could tell that she was bored beyond belief. 746th Iteration Somehow, I knew Annabeth Chase's name before she even spoke. Standing up from her table, the blonde girl with grey eyes stretched her neck and cleared her throat. Everyone's eyes were on her, waiting for her to introduce herself, and an aching sense of familiarity washed over me. I instinctively knew this stranger who stood before me. "I am Annabeth Chase," she declared, "and this is the 746th time I've tried to stop this loop without success. So, for a change of pace, I'm declaring war with you…" Her eyes never left mine. Those stormy eyes stared straight through me. "Percy Jackson." I sat there, stunned. "So please," she continued, walking up to me, "remember." Jar of Sins by Acerola Orion 156th Iteration Blood. All I could see was crimson. I tried to yell for help, but nothing would come out of my mouth. I could only stand there and do nothing, burning that image into my head for the rest of my life. I'm sure that, no matter what happened, I could never forget this sight. 4th Iteration I cut up a slice of pancake and stuffed it into my mouth. "I'm not saying that Zoe isn't hot, guys," Leo attempted to defend himself, "but my argument is, doesn't she seem like she'd rip your balls off if you tried to make a move on her?" Jason smirked. "As if that's going to stop you from trying." "True, true," the Latino boy sighed, staring off into the distance. Following his gaze, I found that he was staring at the group of girls sitting next to us. "Man, this camp is full of hot girls." Right. I was at camp—Camp Half-blood, to be more specific. For some stupid reason, Mom decided to send me here for a week. " Go make friends. Maybe find a girlfriend or something. If you do, introduce her to me! Have fun, Percy-pie!" Sorry, Mom. That would be far too difficult. Plus, having a girlfriend would upset the delicate daily life that I had worked hard to cultivate. I liked the way things were shaping up right now—good grades, a tight group of friends, and captain of the Varsity swimming team. Although I'm not going to deny that I, of course, would like a girlfriend in the future, I'd like things to remain the same for a while. It felt better to be in control of things. "Ooh, Percy," Leo perked up, "who are you staring at?" The boy had said this obnoxiously loud, loud enough to be heard by the girls sitting at the table next to us. "Bianca," I answered smoothly, "but only because I know it'd make Nico mad at me." A small fist smacked against my ribs. "That's my sister, dude." Next to me sat a fourteen-year-old boy with dark hair and pale skin. Though he was thin, the punch packed a bit of strength behind it. Seeing as he was the youngest kid in the entire camp, I picked him to be bunkmates just so I can either take him under my wing or tease him ruthlessly. Patting him on the head, I told him, "Good. Now I see that you care about her." "Shut up," he grumbled, swiping my hand off, "I don't." "Aw, the kid's in denial," Leo jumped in, leaning forward. Casting a glance at the other table, Leo grinned. "I don't blame Percy for staring, though. She's cute." Nico buried his face into his hands. "I hate all of you." "Hey, Jason," I brought up, "Do you sympathize with Nico at all? Seeing how you've got Thalia and all." The blond next to Leo shook his head. "Not really, Percy. I'm more scared for the boy than for her. Thalia can handle herself." A grape flew through the air and smacked Jason in the face. "You bet your ass I can!" I heard Thalia shout. "Percy," a voice called out. Turning around, I looked up at the lovely face of Piper McLean. "Can I sit?" "Don't see why not," I answered noncommittally. She sat on the other side of me, sandwiching me. I caught Jason's narrowed eyes briefly. "Nice ponytail," I said casually. Piper just flashed an exaggerated smile. "Whatcha doing here?" "Just wanted to ask a question, that's all." She ran a hand through her brown hair, allowing a few uneven strands to fall with a thoughtful expression before continuing. "Do you guys feel extremely familiar with everyone even though most have us have never met before?" I frowned. Now that it had been put into words, I couldn't help shake off this intense sense of déjà vu. Normally, it wasn't easy for me to remember strangers' names, but I was effortlessly able to conjure up the names to all of the faces in this camp. "Yeah, I get what you mean," Jason shrugged, casting a glance at Leo. "Though I wish I wasn't that familiar with this one." "That hurts," the other boy whined. "It's not my fault our moms decided to send us to the same school for three years." Nico inserted his opinion. "Everyone's nice enough." Then his eyes narrowed into a glare directed at me. "Percy being the lone exception. Actually, Octavian seems pretty crabby." I couldn't help but nod in agreement. Having heard everyone's opinions, Piper's face turned towards me. I leaned away slightly to avoid any awkward situations, but I couldn't bring myself to look away from her eyes. Under the bright glint of the morning sun, I could not tell what color they were. They shifted between green, blue, brown, and a unique shade of violet. Her real eye color was brown. I didn't know where that little fact came from. "How about you, Percy?" "… dunno," I said honestly. "It's like a weird déjà vu feeling. I feel like I've already been through this week before." Somehow, I couldn't shake off the sudden, vague feeling of unease that fell upon me. Piper, satisfied with my answer, got up and left. "Yo," Jason whispered to me after she was gone, "do you like her?" "Nope," I answered honestly. "I don't think I will, either. She's a nice person, but I don't really think she's my type." He let lose a sigh of relief and sent me a smile. "Good." 34th Iteration So, due to unfortunate circumstances, I'm stuck on a sailboat with Thalia Grace, Zoe Nightshade, and Clarisse LaRue in the middle of a lake. I'm a good enough swimmer to make it back to the shore if I jumped out right now, but I was held hostage. Even if I wanted to ditch, I couldn't. Thalia had my arms locked completely, and the thin girl was a lot stronger than she let on. Actually, now that I think about it, these three girls on the boat were all physically stronger than me. "I know that I'm not quite welcome here," I tried, "so how about you let me go and I'll just swim back to shore?" "If I could, I would throw you overboard," Zoe assured, "but sadly, you are the only one capable of operating this boat. It was either you or the annoyance, so the choice was obvious." "You mean Leo , right?" "Like I said, the annoyance ." "Aw, don't let Leo get to you with his womanizer ways," Thalia cheerfully interjected. "He's always been like that ever since Jason introduced him to me. I'm pretty sure he acts like that just to cover up for his insecurities with girls, though." I couldn't help but be impressed. "That was surprisingly insightful." "Eh, people are too easy to read,