"Mirabelle Reed." The words didn't register in my mind for a few seconds after they'd been spoken. It was like everything was muddled, like I was swimming through a lake and could never quite break the surface. Numbly, I felt someone shaking my shoulder but I didn't understand why they were being so persistent. I hadn't done anything wrong; at least, I didn't think I had. "Mirabelle Reed? Come on, don't be so shy! I need you to join me up on stage!" Effie Trinket's lilting voice rang through the silent square with an eeriness to it. Suddenly, the person who was shaking my shoulder hastily whispered, "Your name was called. You have to go up there." I wanted to look at her like she was crazy but then I realized she was right. Mirabelle Reed. My name. Wait. Effie Trinket had just said my name. My stomach churned as my feet made their way through the sea of fourteen year old girls that I was forced to stand with during the reaping. Two Peacekeepers followed next to my sides as I walked down the aisle way to the stage, and I saw Effie's face relax into a wide smile when she realized that first District 12 tribute had been found. All the time I was walking, I was praying inside my head, please someone volunteer, please someone volunteer . But I should've known better. No one would dare volunteer for the games, especially after what had happened last year, with both of our tributes not even making it past the bloodbath. Primrose Everdeen, the younger sister of Katniss, was still mourning her sister's death, coming to school everyday with her face red and puffy. I never really knew how the baker fared after his son died, but I'd heard he never had baked a loaf of bread the same way again. Too in shock to twist my hands together in anxiety, I just let my arms hang stoic by my sides, my fingers brushing against the pale blue cotton of my dress as I walked up the stairs of the stage. "Well, it's nice to see that our tribute didn't get lost on her journey up here!" Effie jokingly stated, hoping to get a laugh from the citizens, but you could hear a pin drop in the place. I guess in an effort to redeem herself, she fluffed up her hair and made her way to the boy's bowl, saying, "Now, for the gentlemen!" Her ridiculously pink nails swirled around in the papers for a few seconds before she finally chose a slip. Taking a few more moments of anxious silence to walk back to the microphone, Effie opened the scrap of paper and announced loudly, "Flint Mulberry." No. No . Anybody but him. My heart dropped to the ground as the boy, well actually he is more reminiscent of a man, stepped out from the eighteen-year-olds' roped off section, proceeding to join me and Effie up on stage. I could tell from his body language that he didn't like his predicament either, the way his mouth was down turned slightly as the Peacekeepers helped him up the old wooden stairs, the boy shaking them off as he came closer to us. This wasn't fair. Not for him, not for me. We were two kids from the community home so I doubt that anyone cared we were potentially going to die in a few weeks, but I cared, so much that it hurt. Flint and I had known each other for as long as I can remember. He was the only kid that I'd let myself trust in the home because if you let too many people in, they would cause you pain at some point; stealing your few belongings, eating the small ration that was supposed to be yours at dinner, etc. We'd grown so close that we were practically brother and sister, practically family. He would sing little songs to lull me to sleep after I'd woken from a nightmare and braid my hair in a French plait to calm me after a hard day at school. I couldn't imagine not having him around for the rest of my life, not being there for me when I had to come back to hellish place I called home. But there was something about our situation that was even more unfair than the before mentioned. Flint was blind. How could the Capitol expect a blind boy to fight in the Hunger Games when he couldn't even see his competitors? It was just so absurd that I wanted to scream and throw some type of fit but I managed to grab hold of myself, hoping my angered expression came off as something else on the cameras. "Now, shake hands. That's good, " Effie monitored as Flint and I took the other's hand and reluctantly shook, "It is my pleasure to present the tributes for District 12! May the odds be ever in your favor!" We both turned to the audience and then were ushered off the stage, into the depths of the justice building with me gripping Flint's rough hand as we walked through the marble floored hallways. As the Peacekeepers began to take us to our separate receiving rooms, Flint kissed my forehead softly and whispered, "You'll be okay, Miri." Then we were shoved apart and thrown into empty velvet adorned rooms to await visitors who were going to wish us well in the arena. I was pretty sure that I wasn't going to receive any because I never really spoke to anyone besides Flint so I sat down on the fanciest couch I had ever seen and let everything that had happened sink in. I was going to compete in the Hunger Games. Against Flint. And probably die within the first few days. But I was going to do everything I could to make sure that Flint came back. He was so selfless and basically never complained about anything unless his opinion was really strong. He deserved to come back home and maybe the Capitol could fix his eyesight with all of the advanced medicines and operations they have there. I just knew he would love to just see the world once, even if it would be all of the horrible people in the Capitol who were only cheering because he had won a death match. Suddenly, the door cracked open and Rowan Froste walked in, a boy I barely knew but had talked to on occasion because he worked at the Hob, where I sometimes traded game I had slain with my dagger for food, money, or trinkets on Flint's birthday. He was a tall, tan-skinned man with fairly handsome features who I could've had a crush on if I saw him more often, and he ran a hand through his chestnut brown hair before coming to kneel down in front of my sitting position. "This belongs to you," he said and pulled out something from a pocket on his forest green pants, holding it out in his palm for me to examine. A silver heart-shaped locket glinted in the faint afternoon sunlight shining in between the curtained windows, slung on a delicate chain and my mouth almost dropped open. It couldn't belong to me, I mean, I'd never once held anything that beautiful in my entire life. I just…didn't feel worthy. I looked back up at his face and shook my head, about to disagree with him but he stopped me, saying, "It was your mother's. Someone swiped it off of her body after she'd died and traded it at the Hob. Ma instantly recognized it and hid it away until she decided it was time to give it to you." He ran a hand through his hair again and added, "I would've made her give it to you sooner, but if you knew my ma, she's as stubborn as an ox." I couldn't believe it. I was looking at a piece of my mother, a piece of my past that I barely had the strength to uncover. It seemed like only yesterday that she'd died, along with my father, the pain being so fresh. I can still remember my father being up there on a makeshift stage in front of the community, tied to a pole, looking at me and my mother like we were the only things holding him onto the earth. A Peacekeeper began to take aim with a gun, the sight of it scaring the little five-year-old I was, but before he could fire, my mother ran through the crowd and up onto the stage, shielding my father protectively. The gunshot still haunted my memories, along with my father screaming her name as she fell limp to the ground. " Rose!" "Hey, are you okay?" Snapping back to reality at the sound of Rowan's voice, I ignored the tears welling in my bottom eyelid and glanced at his slightly worried face, whispering, "Thank you. You… you don't what this means to me." He simply nodded and asked, "Do you want me to help you put in on?" "Sure." I lifted up the end of my French braid that Flint had done for me this morning and allowed his large hands to clasp the locket around my neck. The jewelry felt cool against my skin and I admired its simplistic beauty, the way it just seemed to pull my outfit together. "One more thing," I heard Rowan say then felt his soft lips on my cheek, kissing the skin briefly before moving his mouth to my ear, "Kick ass in there." I laughed lightly and watched his large build leave the room, wondering why I had never spent more than three minutes in conversation with him. But I didn't have long to ponder. "Come on," I whipped my head up to see a Peacekeeper glowering at me, "We board the train in less than two minutes." The inside of the train was breath taking. Gleaming wood tables, velveteen couches, silk curtains, a feast laid out for us. Most of the food sitting on the plates looked to pretty to eat, but some part of me was afraid that they would take the food away from us if we didn't eat it fast enough. Not once in either of our lives had Flint and I ever eaten food like what was set out in front of us. Effie just laughed in her silly Capitol way at what my reaction was to the sight, and said, "Well, don't you look like you've just seen the president!" She laughed again, and told us to follow her down the hallway, me holding on to Flint's arm and helping to guide him after her. She led us to a couple of doors and opened a specific one, saying," This is Flint's room. Isn't it just wonderful?" Personally, I thought her comment was a little insensitive, since Flint couldn't even see it, but instead of getting mad or frustrated, he just walked over to where he presumed the bed was and ran his hands over the sheets, a small smile gracing his lips. "Yeah, it is." He said and let his smile grow as he began to make his way around the room, closing his eyes at certain parts on his adventure as if trying to picture what the materials looked like. I could've watched him explore his room the rest of the night, the way his face lit up like a child's whenever he reached a new corner of the unfamiliar space, but Effie's voice caused me to turn around. "And this is your room." She said, knocking against the wood of the door right across the hall, and then informed us that dinner was in twenty minutes and 'we'd better not be late.' I nodded and turned back to face Flint who was now laying down on the bed, eyes closed and chest moving subtly up and