This little piece is an AU exploration of the dichotomy in post-hijacked Peeta's psyche in relation to Katniss. Who am I kidding? This is mostly smutty naughtiness. Who can resist a chained up Peeta in Tigress' basement in the Capitol? Avert your eyes elsewhere if you're not into that, or you're too young to indulge. Do hope you enjoy! I own nothing but my own typos and other errors, both factual and grammatical. Part 1 - Real/Not Real Rage. Burning, head-on-fire rage. A lot of the time, I hate Katniss Everdeen. Not a popular emotion to have lately, unless you happen to be President Snow or one of his minions, one of his mutts. Come to think of it, I guess I am a former mutt of the Capitol, though former is a rather fine distinction. Well, considering I'm now on the side of the rebel resistance, and supposedly fighting along-side Katniss, this makes my violent urges to wrap my hands tightly and irrevocably around her neck more than a little inconvenient for everybody, especially me, the guy who's supposedly loved her for most of his life. What a sap. Yeah, right now I really hate her. Almost as much as I hate myself. I guess what I really hate are the memories I have of Katniss- Even more than I hate the hazy memories of my mom beating me up side the head for burning the bread at our bakery back in our district so long ago, feeling helplessly infuriated to the point of nausea. Mom's little bits of humiliation were nothing when compared with what I suffer with my terrifying, sometimes shameful remembrances that Katniss, aka the Mockingjay, bring to my addled mind. I clench my jaw to keep from screaming obscenities at her, as I look across the dim room to where she is currently huddled with her loyal, rebel lapdogs in our hide-out in a dank basement in the Capitol within spitting distance of the President's Mansion. I almost tremble with loathing as I remember BH Peeta, as in: before hijacking Peeta, fawning and scraping while he declares his undying devotion to the love his life, the girl on fire. Jolted violently back to the present moment, I see Gale gazing at her with such fucking reverence- just as I used to in those BH Peeta videos I've seen. I watch with slitted eyes as Katniss leans over to shoot Gale, the poor bastard, full of pain medication in order to stitch up the wounds he got from the horrific Capitol Mutts he recently so valiantly fought off to protect her. He seems to have completely forgotten the important detail that she was the one who led him into his current state of injury and almost certain impending death in the first place. It's so easy to forget shit like that around her. Gale's not the only one with a case of selective memory and hero worship around here. Sickening- all of them falling over themselves for her favor despite the fact that she's led them to be cowering like rats in a basement, if you can call this furry hell that. Blech. Allow me to vomit on their rebel-issue combat boots. What really sucks is the ego-smashing realization that I was this gullible back in the day- in the arena, when I willingly followed her and repeatedly laid down my life for her as blindly as these losers. So, here I am most likely in the process of following Katniss to my doom yet again , currently huddled in some weird-assed tiger lady's basement waiting for the Capitol's white uniformed guards to rush in and slaughter us all at any moment. One important difference this time though... I tug at the metal restraints they've clasped around my wrists because I can't be trusted, my skin now raw and bleeding. For a few giddy moments, I wish for sweet homicidal release. My hands around Katniss' throat just one more time. She couldn't hurt me so much if she were dead. I'd finally be free like those damn birds she loves so much. Soaring over her. Untouchable. No more pain, no more fear, no more Katniss. No more Peeta. Twenty minutes later I'm fighting against thinking this even as she comes over to me to check on me and treat my wounds. She bathes the raw skin I've created at my wrists so gently, almost lovingly. It occurs to me for the millionth time that I really am an evil mutt for wanting Katniss dead after all of it. Ahh... I must have lost myself again in dreaming, because I'm suddenly aware that all is now truly dark and only the not-so quiet hum of some subterranean machinery near our black hiding place can be heard. I have the weird sense that hours or days could have passed, but I have no idea which. The nearest soldier is a cautious distance of at least 4 meters from me and in a cold, dead sleep. All seems still except for the occasional snore that's loud enough to be heard over the mechanical din as everyone sleeps around me. I shudder involuntarily. It's like I'm in the arena again. Ugh. Except she's not snuggled next to me. I'm used to holding her when we sleep in the games. That was our thing. She could be cold, commanding, and cutting to me all day long in said arena, but when sleep came- she was in my arms, soft and clinging to me like a vine. That's how it was. Not now, obviously. The shackles she must have re-clamped around my wrists before she left to settle near Gale sting my raw skin mockingly. In an effort to stop my destructive train of thought, I tug sharply at my restraints that suspend my arms over my head. I welcome the immediate pain gratefully. It somehow soothes my jealous rage, as I imagine her cuddled against Gale, as she once would have been against me in our arenas of the past. The light rattle of my shackles rubbing against the metal support of the basement steps rouses no one, fortunately. Again, I am glad for the deep, pulsing hum within the muffled room. Who could be awake after the day we've had anyway? We've been going non-stop for at least 24 hours straight, fighting terrors beyond most people's nightmares- pods that wrap you in razor sharp barbed wire or detonate to cut your body in half (Poor Boggs!), not to mention fleeing from the horrifyingly relentless Capitol mutts, so terrifying in their pursuit. Most people would currently be in a welcome state of oblivion that exhaustion brings after the extreme stress of urban combat we faced today ... but not those of us who have been in the games. I prick my ears, straining to hear over the mechanical din. Probably- she's asleep. She should be, yet I sense she may not be. She's like me or even more so in that way. Sleep brings death in an arena. That's why we always slept entwined together, she and I... only safe together. That was my worst mistake. SVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSV Even though alert and almost waiting for it, I startle a little when I hear a faint shuffle to my right, and shift my gaze and position in that direction as best I can in my restraints. I think my tenuous grasp of reality has forsaken me altogether when I see her lithe form moving stealthily towards me in the vague dimness of the shadowy confines of our crypt-like retreat. I smell her first- that heady mix of musk and tangy mint which is unmistakably Katniss. Next, I can feel her warmth next to me, though we aren't touching. My muscles coil in awareness. Lips feather along my jaw, ghostly in their quest for me ear. This could be one of my more erotic hijack dreams, but I don't care. My blood thrums through my veins at her nearness, not with bitter hatred but with longing desire. A whisper comes through the dark to me, tickling the skin at my ear, "I can always tell you're awake by your breathing. Why is it I can always hear your breathing?" "Because you're always listening for it," I murmur huskily, turning my head blindly towards her husky whisper. I sense her soft breath over my lips and lean the small distance to capture her warm lips. Anger and desire war within me in equal measure, as a near silent gasp puffs into my mouth from hers. She tenses as if poised to move back from me, but mysteriously she stops herself. There is something in this kiss that has never been in any of the countless others we've shared before it. Raw hunger. When I push my tongue past her teeth to deepen the kiss and purposely invade her space to get a rise out of her, I expect her to draw away in offended fury. Instead she makes a soft mewling sound in her throat that I've never heard come from Katniss, as she presses her body against mine. Ohh... Over my head my fists clench in their restraints. I want to touch her so badly, but I can't. I feel helpless and painfully aroused. I press hot, open-mouth kisses along her jaw to her neck. "Peeta.. I've... missed you so much," she mouths in my ear. "I've missed me, too," I quip breathlessly before I realize now is not the time for jokes about my mental instability, so I lean toward her, press all of myself against her as I try to find her eyes with mine in the dim light, "I'm here now, Katniss." A long agonizing pause follows as we stare at each other across the small distance between us in the almost-blackness. I realize I'm taut like one of her bowstrings. Waiting. Watching. Wanting. Always wanting her. Even when I barely know my own name in my hatred of her. I can't seem to summon that hatred now, though. "Peeta.. I... " my name is torn from her like a soft oath, and her fingers are brushing over my t-shirt covered chest, down my taut abdomen, which contracts at the contact of her fingertips before they stop at the fastening of my trousers. I try to shift towards her hand, which is hovering over my already pulsing arousal. I tilt my head back on my neck slightly, exhaling a breath I didn't even realize I was holding, while those nimble fingers tug my fly downward determinedly. I try to move to help her. "Yes, my love," I gasp out softly before I can control my response. She tugs my trousers down a little, freeing the evidence of my desire. I so want to hate her at this moment for exposing me thus, but I can't. Even being tortured and brainwashed by those sick bastards in this very Capitol can't stop me wanting her, loving her. Damn. What a sad, pathetic mutt I am. My self-loathing quickly evaporates when her hands move to cradle me intimately. She whispers, "So many times we slept together- I could feel this pressing into me. It's... so much smoother than I thought it'd be... s-strange... like a thick deer antler, but warm and velvety." I huff out a soft laugh, incapable of speech as her fingers tighten and loosen over my most sensitive flesh. I'm struggling not to groan aloud. Swallowing convulsively, I finally grit out, "Katniss.. if you keep doing that I'm going to lose control and wake everyone up." Her hands freeze on me, and I feel her body tense away from me. No! She's misunderstood. I'm not going into a homicidal rage; I'm coming undone with pent-up desire unleashed beneath her strong, supple fingers. I strain against my shackles, pressing my cheek to hers so my lips are at her ear, her hair tickling them, "I.. I mean, what you're doing is making