Dedication: For the absolutely wonderful and adorable AJ, who I seriously adore. Thank you for being such a wonderful friend and enjoy this mess of a story. June fic exchange: Jily, Hinny, and mentioned past RonHermione. Prompts used: rebellion!au (sorta?), dusk, power, "we accept the love we think we deserve." A/N: Ginny in this story comes from a world where Voldemort won because there were eight Horcruxes. Special thanks to Amber and Jill for editing! X The 16th meeting of the Order took place in a nondescript warehouse in the industrial district at dusk, covered under invisibility charms and wards, a safehouse in plain sight. Inside, a stocked kitchen was serving a large variety of people. Albus Dumbledore sighed heavily as he looked around at the people around him. All were far too young to bear the burden of war but times like these called for desperate measures. "Attention everyone," Albus called, waiting for the room to quiet down. "I have called this meeting today to discuss the recent attack in Diagon Alley. I fear this may be—" The room became suddenly stuffy and Albus Dumbledore felt the tug of ancient and strong magic as a portal of some sort became visible, swirling with heavy strands of magic until all of a sudden… a girl fell out. Dusting herself off, the girl stood up and her eyes widened momentarily. Albus watched her warily as she looked around the room in shock. "Who are you?" Albus asked curiously. The girl looked familiar, like someone he knew, but Albus could not place her. The girl smirked and Albus Dumbledore flinched. The look was nothing less than chilling, far more emotionless than he would have expected from a girl her age. "Ginny Potter," the girl said, raising an eyebrow. Albus sighed, resigning himself to playing the girls games. He didn't know any other Potters and judging from the shocked look on Lily's and James's face, nor did they. "How and why did you come here, Ms. Potter?" "I'm from the past," Ginny said and her previous smirk faded into a defiant glare. "And I'm here to stop Voldemort's reign of power before he kills everyone I love again." X "Albus, do you think she's telling the truth?" Minerva McGonagall asked as soon as Ginny had willingly left the room to let the Order speak. Alice Longbottom cleared her throat softly and everyone turned to hear her speak. Alice was a quiet woman, but she had an air of intelligence around her that captivated people. When she spoke, people listened. "I think she's being honest. You should have seen her eyes- no one goes through nothing and has eyes that haunted. We should listen to her." Albus nodded. "We will. Let us hear her story before judging ourselves." X Ginny scowled as they let her into the room. Why had they taken so damn long? They didn't have much time to begin with, let alone any to waste. "Miss Potter," Albus Dumbledore said pleasantly. "We have decided to grant you an opportunity to speak before we judge." Ginny snorted internally at his words. Grant. Well, she had a story to tell and they better damn grant her their full support. "Many years ago, Merope Gaunt of the disgraced Gaunt family drugged Tom Riddle Sr, a wealthy Muggle, with a love potion. Of their union, a son was born: Tom Riddle Jr. He grew up to become Voldemort and terrorized the world," Ginny said tonelessly, listening to the Order members around her gasp. "Oh, that's not even the beginning. Sybil Trelawney, a complete drunk but genuine Seer, made a prophecy that would change the world." Ginny looked down at where Lily and James sat on the couch, holding hands. This would destroy them but she had to do it. She had to save them all and get Harry back. Ginny closed her eyes and trudged. "Harry James Potter was foretold to be the only person who could defeat Lord Voldemort." Ginny took a deep breath. "The prophecy was genuine." James's scream split the air. X Ginny felt ill as she looked down around at the Order members beside her. They all looked horrified and several were crying. It wasn't going well. Lily had almost punched Dumbledore in the face upon finding out Harry had grown up with Petunia and it had gotten worse. James had cried upon finding out Peter would be betraying them and promptly Stupefied him. The rat now lay in a corner, unconscious. Ginny would have taken care of him herself if she didn't have more important things to do. The Hogwarts years were the easiest to tell. Hermione had grilled her on them mercilessly before sending Ginny through time and it all came naturally—the Stone in Harry's first year, dying in the Chamber with the diary, Sirius's escape, the Triwizard Tournament and Cedric, Umbridge's quills and their rebellion, Snape killing Dumbledore, and that horrible year in Hogwarts under Voldemort's rule. Still, she wasn't ready for the wave of emotion that threatened to take over until Ginny felt like she was drowning in nothing, and it certainly had nothing on the Battle of Hogwarts. Ginny laughed bitterly. "We thought we had gotten them all. Seven Horcruxes, it just seemed to fit. After all, wasn't seven the most magical number? We underestimated Tom's arrogance. Of course, he wouldn't care about preexisting rules." Lily stared at Ginny urgently. "What happened? How did Harry die? And how can we get him back?" Ginny gave her a small smile at the last question but her face fell almost instantly. "Voldemort almost killed Harry, but the Horcrux inside him saved him. Instead, we spent the next two years trying to find the last Horcrux. Eventually, Hermione Granger-Weasley, Draco Malfoy and I found it, but by then it was too late. Everyone we loved was dead and that's when Hermione came up with her idea." "Who's Hermione?" Sirius called. "You keep mentioning her." Ginny swelled in pride for her now-dead friend. "Hermione Jean Granger was Harry's best friend along with my brother Ron, a Gryffindor at heart, and the brightest witch of her era. After everyone was dead, it was just me, her, Draco Malfoy, and Luna Lovegood. When Luna, my best friend, died, Hermione went a little mad. She created a ritual from scratch that would take me back and found a way to bring Harry back from the grave." "How?" Lily asked desperately. "Harry is already born here. He is at Godric's Hollow with Remus, and I can't lose my or your version of my precious boy." Ginny turned solemn and clutched her own hands together until it hurt. "On October 31st, the day of Harry's first death, the veil between the living and dead is thin. If we can bring him back and destroy the Horcruxes by then, he can destroy Voldemort instead of the baby version of him." Lily gasped. "And you're sure of this?" Ginny nodded. "Yes, but we don't have long. Three weeks till Halloween." Mad-Eye Moody stood up, already missing his eye. "Why did you come so late then, girl? Call me harsh, but we already lost the twins to liars." Ginny glared at him. This wasn't her version of Moody and it would do her damn well to remember that. "Because this is the day I died." X Ginny sat on the couch, furiously trying to braid her hair until it hurt. Bloody Dumbledore was still assigning shifts to people for the Horcrux like there was something more important to do. "Ginny?" a soft voice said and Ginny blinked upon seeing Lily standing in front of her. "I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions?" Ginny nodded, forcing a smile. "About Harry, I presume?" Lily laughed tiredly. "Well yes, of course, but not just about him." Ginny patted the space beside her. "Sit down. I can't promise I'll sugar-coat it but I'll tell you what you ask for." Lily sat down, curling up into the arms of the couch. "What were they like? Harry, Luna, your brothers? "Luna was extraordinary," Ginny said slowly. "She believed in things nobody else did- nnargles for example, but she never got discouraged. She loved the thestrals and unicorns and she always believed things come back to you in the end. I loved—still do love—her. Luna was my best friend." Lily stroked Ginny's hair slowly and talked until Ginny could breathe again. "How did she die?" "Fenrir Greyback. He mauled her to death," Ginny said bitterly. "And your brothers?" Lily asked, not discouraged by Ginny's rapidly falling mood. Ginny smirked at that. "I had six. Bill and Charlie were the oldest. A curse-breaker and dragon tamer. Percy was a stick in mud but I love him, the twins drove mom made and Ron saved the world. Not exactly a boring family, right?" Lily smiled wistfully at that."I've always wanted a big family. If your plan works, we aren't stopping at Harry this time." Ginny closed her eyes at the mention at Harry. "He was always worried you wouldn't be proud of him. Harry, I mean. But you would have been. He was a much better person than I would have been in his place." Lily's eyes were hungry as they took in this piece of information about her son. "It's crazy. I'm raising him right now, but you know him better than I will." Ginny shook her head. "Your Harry won't grow up the way mine did. I'll make sure of it." "What was your Harry like?" Lily asked softly. "Harry was a Seeker, the youngest one in a century. A Gryffindor. He always saved people, even if it meant hurting himself. He was always so determined to do everything himself," Ginny said fondly. "When was your wedding?" another voice called and Ginny saw James leaning against a wall, eyes misty. Pushing her hair back, Ginny opened her mouth to answer, "When I turned eighteen. My parents were dead by then but I had plenty of brothers and Harry had Hermione. We managed and I wasn't letting him go." "We're going to get your Harry back," James swore, crossing his hands over his heart. Ginny smiled softly at the two of them. Harry was lucky, so lucky, to have parents like James and Lily. He deserved this. "Good, because I intend to get him back too. No matter what." X Narcissa Malfoy sat stiffly as she stared down Ginny from the other end of the table. It had been hard to arrange the meeting but Ginny had cunning, recklessness and a ton of desperation on her side. "May I inquire to why I am here?" Narcissa said dangerously softly. "And more importantly, to who you are?" Ginny leaned forward, meeting the blonde woman's eyes. "Nymphaque Creatum Draco. Narcissa, I'm from the future. You told me that in case I needed your help, and I do. It's to save Draco." Narcissa gasped. "The future? How?" "We lost against the Dark Lord," Ginny said bitterly. "And you told me you'd die before you let Draco become a Death Eater again." Narcissa closed her eyes momentarily before sighing. "What can I do to help?" Ginny grinned at that, reaching over to grasp the older womans help. "The Dark Lord has Horcruxes and I need your help to get rid of them." X Sirius stared bitterly at Kreacher and the still untouched Horcrux. "So, this is what my brother died for?" Ginny nodded tiredly as Dumbledore reached over to pat Sirius's shoulder. "He died well, my boy. You should be proud of young Regulus." Sirius snorted. "Proud? You think this is about pride? I thought he was a Death Eater. He never even came to me." Ginny nodded at Sirius's words before speaking up. "It's not the time for regrets. He died for this. Make it worth it." "I will," Sirius said darkly. "I'll make sure Voldemort pays." X Ginny woke up in her room at