Dedications: Written for halffictionalprincess (Tika), via the July Fic Exchange. I do hope you enjoy this beyond long fic, darling! Prompts: (pairing) RonLuna, (pairing) HarryHermione, (word) trouble, (word) footsteps, (genre) angst, (genre) romance A/N: Modern Muggle!au, Wedding planner!au. Hogwarts is a private high school with houses. Thank you: Beta'ed by AJ, who is actually the most perfect person alive and completely saved me from writer's block and spelling errors. Wifey, I adore you and I couldn't have done it without you. Bless your amazing soul. *Hugs* x.X.x Ron staggered out of bed, into the kitchen, and grabbed the first thing he could find to eat, which turned out to be cereal. He poured the milk and flakes in tiredly, glaring at the racket coming from his actions. Just as he sat down, Ginny drifted in, already dressed in a tank top and jeans. Her face fell upon seeing Ron still hungover in his pajamas at noon. "Where are you going?" Ron asked, yawning. His hair, uncut and messy, fell into his eyes and obscured his vision. His sister sighed, rolling her eyes in disgust. "To my job , Ronald," Ginny said, emphasizing the word job. Ron scowled at her. "Are you planning to get one at all?" Ron glared at her. "You know I used to be a Police Officer. Not a lot of people are going to take the former best friend of a war hero and the ex of the girl he ran off with." "Well, you know what?" Ginny said, annoyed. "Grow up, Ron. I get it's been hard for you since Hermione broke up with you. I get it, it sucked when Harry left me. It really did. But it's been ten months and I'm sick and tired of you crashing at my place. Get a job and your own place. I'm done putting up with this. If I can move on, so can you." Ron's mouth dropped open. "Seriously? You're kicking me out when you know I have nothing? You out of all people, Ginny!" Ginny's face softened a little in sympathy. "Look, I'll tell you what. Don't worry about the job, I already have one in mind for you. Just find somewhere to live and we'll call it even." Ron's eyes narrowed in suspicion. "What job do you have in mind?" She grinned, mischievous and a touch cruel. At that moment, Ron remembered why even the twins had feared tiny and innocent-looking Ginny Weasley. "Remember Luna?" "Luna Lovegood? As in Loony Lovegood?" Ron questioned, raising his eyebrows as he recalled the blonde. Ginny glared at him fiercely, her hands balled into fists. "Don't you dare call her that. Unlike you, Luna runs a successful wedding planning business and is nice enough to agree to let you be her assistant. Hell, if I was in her position, I wouldn't be half that nice." "Sorry, sorry," Ron said, raising his hands in defense. "Just didn't expect her to actually… well, you know… be put together." Ginny rolled her eyes and pointed to the door. "Get dressed. You start today, I'll text you Luna's address." x.X.x Ron cocked his head, admiring the outside of Luna Lovegood's business. It certainly was… colourful, but it had a certain appeal to it. What was even better was the feeling of being outside. After the breakup, he had become almost a hermit, staying indoors and drinking his sorrows away. It was a welcome change to get out of the flat and feel the fresh air. Ron tilted his head up, closing his eyes as the sun fell on his face. "The sun is beautiful, isn't it?" a voice questioned and Ron turned around to see Luna Lovegood staring at him inquisitively. Luna was dressed oddly, weirder than anyone Ron had ever met. A lurid purple dress was paired with dark green boots, a yellow scarf, and leopard-printed sunglasses. She looked like had walked straight out of a mental asylum. Ron winced. "Yeah, I guess," Ron said, still staring. Luna smiled serenely and gestured towards the door. Ron stared at her in confusion before he realized she meant for him to go in. With a blush, he opened the door and walked in. Luna followed. The inside of the place was just like the display, multicolored and bold. Ron had a feeling that he would need a lot of anti-headache pills to deal with this job. "So, are you ready to start?" Luna questioned brightly. Ron barely resisted the urge to bolt for the doors. Still, the thought of telling Ginny he couldn't last an hour was a daunting one. She might not have been the nicest person this morning, but she had taken him in for almost a year when he had no one. He owed her that at least. "I'm ready," Ron said, attempting to smile. From the confused look on Luna's face, it was clear he hadn't succeeded. "Are you having a seizure of some sort?" Luna questioned intuitively, worry causing lines to appear on her face. "You're awfully pale and dead-looking for someone who claims to be ready." "I'm fine, I just- I—I'm—" Ron stuttered, running a hand through his hair. "I just haven't worked since… well, you know." Luna nodded, her face clearing up. "I understand. Still, I think you'll like working with me. Ginny says you're extremely bright but don't use your brain. I don't understand why though, how could you not want to know more?" "Yeah, I've heard that before," Ron said darkly, thinking about all the times Hermione had berated him for the same thing. "Anyways, can we get started?" Luna looked at Ron in concern for a few seconds but nodded, walking over to her office. She pulled out a file and gave it to Ron, who took it in confusion. Luna, taking pity on Ron's ignorance, began to explain. "Do you remember Draco Malfoy from school? He went to Hogwarts with us." Ron nodded, his mouth curling in disgust at the thought of that git getting married. "He bullied you, didn't he? Why are you doing this for him?" Luna looked at Ron, her gaze perfectly steady. "So did you, Ronald. Draco changed. He grew up and his wife is actually a friend of mine. Astoria was in Ravenclaw house with me." Ron blushed. His childhood decisions had been bad, to say the least, and Luna had just been so conveniently there. "I'm sorry for that." Luna waved it off airily. "If I needed an apology from everyone who bullied me to function, I wouldn't be alive by now. You're forgiven, Ronald Weasley, but I expect you to keep an open mind." Ron nodded sheepishly and sat down at the desk nearest to Luna, who smiled at him. "Ronald, the instructions are in the file. I'm going to go see a venue I was supposed to look at before Ginny called. Would you mind being left alone?" "Yeah, sure, I'll be fine," Ron said, dismissing Luna's concern with a wave of his hand. "How hard can this be, anyways?' Luna simply smiled, and walked out, leaving Ron to his files and thoughts. x.X.x Two hours later Ron adjusted the cell phone he had balanced on his shoulders, grabbing the paperwork and handing it to the annoyed looking bride glaring daggers at him. The room was a chaos of people screaming, rushing around, and impatiently trying to catch his attention. Ron could have cursed Luna for leaving him to deal with this mess. In fact, he planned to as soon as she got back. "Listen, it's not my fault you didn't do this earlier," Ron informed his irate client who stepped forward in anger, getting up in his face. "Do you know who I am?" the bride questioned, her voice dangerously low. Ron paled. "I'm Millicent Bulstrode, heir to the illustrious Bulstrode family. My father's a lawyer and trust me, he'll be hearing about the absolutely awful service I've been given." Ron's eyes widened in recognition. Millicent had been dreadful as a classmate and time hadn't changed her for the better. In fact, it may have changed her for the worst. "Milly, your father isn't a lawyer," Luna said from behind and Ron let out a relieved breath. Finally, she was back! Millicent turned around, her face reddening in anger and a bit of embarrassment at being caught lying. "Oh yeah? Are you so sure about that?" Millicent challenged. "Yes, I am," Luna said calmly. "He's a stock market investor." Millicent sighed wearily, rubbing her forehead. "I'm sorry but I need this paperwork finished. Blaise already doesn't trust me with anything, I can't let him down even more." Luna approached Millicent, hugging her tightly. "We will finish it, Milly. Don't worry." "Err, Luna?" Ron said. Luna turned and he gestured around the crowded room of enraged customers. "You may want to defuse some of that." Luna smiled, patting Ron's shoulder. "Let me handle it. You help Milly." Luna left and Ron turned to Millicent, who raised an expectant eyebrow. Ron sighed, finding a pen and beginning to fill in the tedious paperwork. As he worked, stress seemed to melt off Millicent's body. By the time he was approaching the end, she seemed like a completely different person. Meanwhile, Luna seemed to have everything under control. The room had gotten steadily more quiet and empty until it was only the three of them remaining. The only sounds were of Ron's pen scratching against the paper, the click of Luna's shoes and Millicent's soft taps as she waited. When Ron was done, he looked up and stretched, sighing happily and listening to the pop of his joints. Millicent grinned brilliantly from ear to ear. "Are you done?" she questioned. Ron nodded and she snatched the paper out of his hands. After scanning through all the pages, she wrapped Ron in a hug so tight it suffocated him. "Thank you," she said gratefully, crushing him against her. Ron grimaced and patted her shoulder. "No worries, Millicent. Blimey, I'm glad to have that over with." Millicent laughed and leaned over. "So am I," she confessed. "Now, if only I could get this wedding done already so I can marry my Blaise and be done with it." Millicent paid Luna and skipped out happily. Ron leaned back into the chair as Luna finished up and turned to him. "Was your first day enjoyable?" she asked. Ron considered that. It was full of havoc but an enjoyable type. "Yeah, It kinda was," he admitted in surprise. Luna laughed. "I'm glad to hear that. I'll see you here tomorrow at dawn." Gathering her belongings, Luna began to exit. Ron ran after her. "Wait, one last thing." "You get paid at the end of the week," Luna said with a serene smile. Ron shook his head. "No, not that. I need your phone number." Luna inclined her head to one side in confusion. "And why is that, Ronald?" Ron gestured around the now vacant office, apart from the two of them. "So something like what happened this afternoon won't happen again. I need a way to contact you 'cause blimey, that mob almost killed me." Luna laughed and held her hand out. Ron dropped his phone in her waiting hand and waited keenly as Luna put her information in and handed it back. "Wait, you're not done yet," Ron said and Luna's brows furrowed. "You need a contact photo." Luna grinned and grabbed his phone again, sticking her tongue out happily for one selfie. The camera let out a click and Ron smiled. "Thank you for helping me out today," Luna said, hugging him quickly. "I'm returning home, but I'll see you tomorrow." As Luna hurried out the door, Ron was left shellshocked in surprise. It was such a silly thing but other then Ginny, it had been so, so long since he had anyone hug him. Especially a… friend. He didn't exactly have a lot of those left. x.X.x "How