A/N: For Alex (TheRevolutionSaysHi) via the August fic exchange. I used the prompts Ginny/Luna, Harry/Cho/Cedric, Fred/Hermione, muggle high school!au, cute, romance, friendship, and hurt/comfort. Enjoy! Written for : Happiness Happens: (genre) friendship Gobstones: Yellow stone: mopping, Luna, "What I wouldn't do" - Serena Ryder Hogwarts Performing Arts Challenge: Happily Ever After x.X.x Ginny's lucky, or she supposes, to be one of those few people who genuinely likes high school despite the drama and the stress. It's her time to shine since Ron, Fred and George are the only brothers she has left in school. She's captain of the girls football team with good grades and a big circle of friends. And Luna- she can't forget Luna. x.X.x Ginny Weasley meets Luna Lovegood at one of the worst points of her life. She's hit rock bottom: her grades are falling as she struggles to balance sports and schools, she can't seem to make any friends (not after Tom, nonononono, she can't let herself think about Tom again) and with the news that her former best friend, Hermione Granger, has been dating her brother Fred behind Ginny's back, she thinks she might be done with everything. Enter Luna. Ginny sits on the football field bleachers, trying to finish her homework with rapid scribbles. It's far from good work but she has to turn something in or she'll definitely fail. "I don't think that's quite right," a contemplative voice says, and Ginny turns to see a girl she recognizes from her English class sitting beside her and frowning as she peers at Ginny's homework. Ginny shrugs. "Mrs. Sprout said it was up to your personal interpretation and I think Romeo and Juliet was a idiotic tragedy. I mean, they liked each other for three days, and six people died- themselves included." Luna laughs, her pale, blonde hair rippling in the wind. "Oh, I agree with that. But I do think you misspelled Mercutio's name. Twice." A smile tugs at Ginny's lips. "Thanks, Luna. I'm just in a rush- I didn't even finish the book, honestly." "I could help you, if you want," Luna says hesitantly. "You don't have to say yes- I understand if you don't want to- but I read it, so if you want to meet in the library..." Ginny can almost hear Tom's voice laughing at her. She's just trying to get you to like her so she can hurt you. She's making fun of you; do you really think anyone wants to be your friend, Ginevra? Tom, the manipulative upperclassman who had drove Ginny down the rabbit hole, who had broken her self esteem and ruined her entire freshman year. Tom, who's advice she refused to listen to ever again. Ginny forces the brightest smile she can onto her face. "Thanks, Luna. I'd love that. We can meet after school, if you don't mind?" Luna looks concerned for a second and Ginny wishes she was better at pretending. Still, Luna smiles back. "Sure, Ginny. I'll see you then." x.X.x "I made a new friend… I think," Ginny tells Harry in study hall, their books and supplies scattered around the table. Harry looks up from where he's texting his boyfriend and girlfriend instead of studying. "Oh really, Gin?" He sounds so relieved and excited for her that Ginny has to grin too. She doesn't have many friends, but Harry has been one of them since he saw the way Tom abused her in freshman year and reported it. He's been her saviour and best friend since, and they've gone through everything together: family drama, attempted relationships, the times Ginny's cried so hard she soaked his shirt. "Yeah. Luna- do you know her? Luna Lovegood, I mean. She saw me struggling with the English homework- Sprout must've gone batty to assign so much in one day- and she offered to help me in the library after school. I'm going to go. I know I need to socialize more; I'm tired of being a burden on you." "Gin," Harry tries, patting her shoulder comfortingly. "You're not a burden, I promise." Ginny rolls her eyes fondly, removing Harry's hand and putting it back into his lap. "Potter, as much as I know you love my company, and I'm sure you do, your boyfriend and girlfriend must be dying for a little alone time without you dragging me everywhere and cooing over me like I'm a kitten." Harry grins at her description though his smile fades just as quickly. "I guess you're right… Cho and Cedric have been mentioning they wanted to come over." Winking, Ginny kisses his cheek before shoving her books in her bag. "Go have some wild sex for me, Potter. I'll be going on a study date if you need me." "Ginny!" Harry yelps, his cheeks flushing a bright red. "Screw you, Gin. I won't be having any sex and don't forget to text me to make sure you're okay." Ginny batted her eyelashes. "Mhm, sure you aren't. Be sure to let Cho and Cedric down nicely then, I'm sure they'll be disappointed. And Potter, you're not my brother. Relax, I'll be fine." Harry rolls his eyes but smiles, his cheeks still red. "Bye, Ginny." Just then, the bell rings and Ginny runs off, waving cheekily to Harry before she gets lost in the crowd. x.X.x Ginny enters the library a few minutes early, her bag loosely slung over her shoulder and her hair a wild mess of red curls. She could've gone to the bathroom to re-adjust her appearance, but the possibility of being late and disappointing Luna made it not worth it. "Ginny! Over here!" a cheerful voice exclaims and Ginny turns halfway to see Luna sitting on a table, her blonde hair just as messy as Ginny's due to the pencil stuck through it. Ginny sighs in relief, making her way over. "Hi, Luna," Ginny says, dropping her backpack down on a chair. "How was your day?" Luna cocks her head to the side. "Good, good, and you, Ginny?" Ginny smiles. It's been so long since she's sat with anyone but Harry (and Tom, and Hermione, a traitorous voice reminds her) like this. "My day was great, Luna." Luna smiles back, her eyes warm. "I do like hearing that… now, what did you want help with?" Ginny gets out her folder and the rest of the time goes smoother than she had ever hoped for. Luna is clever and helpful, but never to the point of being overbearing, and the conversation is natural and funny, making Ginny crack up several times The studying feels relaxing; doing things with a friend has always been better. By the time they're done, Ginny doesn't want it to end. Surely Luna's going to say any minute that she doesn't want to do it ever again. "I had fun today," Luna says instead, smiling. "Could we meet tomorrow? You said you were good at math, right?" Ginny grins, bright enough to rival the sun. "Sure, Luna. Anytime." It's perfect, really, having a friend. x.X.x "Well?" Harry asks impatiently, raising an eyebrow at Ginny as they sit in the Potter's kitchen, snacking on waffles drenched in puddles of gooey syrup. The calorie count must be astronomical, but it's delicious and Ginny can't bring herself to care. Ginny grins. "You first, Potter." Harry blushes, scoping more waffles into his mouth. Ginny rolls her eyes. "Avoiding the topic only makes me more curious." "Fine," Harry sighs. "Well… wedidit." Ginny raises her eyebrow. "Again, in English preferably." "We did it," Harry says, ducking his head. "But please, drop this conversation." Ginny, taking one look at Harry's bright red face and miserable expression, decided to take pity on him. Still, the news is exciting: Harry, Cho, and Cedric have been in love for years and she honestly can't believe it's taken them this long to seal the deal. "I'm happy for you," Ginny says, hugging Harry. "Was it any good? I've always been curious about threesomes-" "Drop it!" Harry exclaimed. "Ginny!" Ginny smiles innocently at him. "Well then, I was interested. Shame on you for not indulging my curiosity, Potter. But to answer your question, Luna was lovely to hang out with, and we planned another study session tomorrow." Harry waggles his eyebrows. "Study session? Is that what they call it now?" "Stop!" Ginny exclaims, jumping on Harry to tackle him. Within minutes, it becomes a full on wrestling match and Ginny grins. These are her favourite type of moments. x.X.x "Tomorrow again, Ginny?" Luna asks brightly, packing her stuff away. Ginny hesitates. "Um, no. Actually, only if you want to, of course, would you like to come over instead? My mum wouldn't mind and she makes the best pudding ever; I know it's your favourite food…" "Are you bribing me?" Luna jokes, her eyes shining. "I'd love to. Text me your address." "Sure," Ginny says, grateful for her friend's easy response. She doesn't know what she would have done if had Luna said no. x.X.x Ginny jumps up excitedly as the doorbell rings, her chores left abandoned behind her. "Ginevra!" Her mother chides, but Ginny can see the fond smile pulling on her lips. Her mother's happy for her, because for the first time in years, she had more than one friend and she's happy, the kind of happiness that leaks into everything you do until you can't stop smiling. Ginny swings the door open and pulls Luna into a hug, crashing their bodies and heads together. Is painful, the force, but Luna just smiles back. "Hello, Ginny," Luna says dreamily. Ginny grabs Luna's hand. "Hi, Luna! What do you wanna do?" Luna's gaze sharpens as she looks at the pure excitement in her friend. "Anything you want, Ginny. I did want to see your room though…" Ginny pulls Luna up the stairs, the latter girl barely even having time to chirp out a single, "Hello, Mrs. Weasley. Thank you for inviting me into your home." x.X.x Luna's POV "It's beautiful, Ginny," Luna says breathlessly as she steps through the door because the room is so typically Ginny. There are sports posters and awards everywhere, a few of her brothers' inventions scattered messily around (they run a business, Luna remembers, and Ginny did say they left stuff behind when they moved) and her clothes spilling out of drawers. The window is fully open, letting the sunlight stream through, and a picture of her and Harry is taped onto the wall. "Thanks, Luna," Ginny says, lying back in her bed. "What do you want to do?" Luna swallows nervously. "Well, I invented this card game a while back but you might hate it…" "I won't," Ginny says firmly. "I promise, Luna. Teach me how to play." And the thing is, Luna believes her. Despite all the bullying she's witnessed, something about Ginny makes her trust the girl anyways. That's when she realizes it, as Ginny waits expectantly. Luna Lovegood is head over heels for Ginny Weasley. x.X.x "I had the best night ever," Ginny says happily, tossing a study card over to Harry. Harry catches it, and promptly frowns. "I don't know this one either. So I assume things went well with Luna." Ginny nods. "You're hopeless, Potter, and definitely going to fail if you don't study. And yes, things went perfectly. Luna's amazing." Harry grins. "So, was this one a date?" Ginny throws the next card harder and it hits Harry's face. He winces. "No, it wasn't. I don't like her like that-" Ginny pauses, her face paling. Harry smirks. "Oh fuck. Yes, yes I do like her like that." "I told you so." The next card hits his face. x.X.x "Ginny?" Luna asks. "Mhm?" Ginny hums absentmindedly, stretching out in the sun. The two girls lie side-by-side, tanning outside the Burrow. Luna rests her face on her hand. "What happened between you and Hermione Granger?" Ginny sighs. "Do you really want to know, Luna?" Luna winces. "Is it that bad? You don't have to tell