The Same Battles When Éowyn awoke it was with an eerie calm, uncharacteristic from every other time she has opened her eyes to find nothing but darkness. There was always a jolt, a scream, a gasp, tears clinging to the corners of her eyes that she couldn't remember forming, and her heart beating in a fierce gallop as she took deep breaths to try to still her nerves and expel the nightmare images that flashed through her mind. There was no such violence tonight as she gently opened her eyes at the feeling of a sharp pain shooting through her shield-arm and she found her mind completely blank and unusually alert. She couldn't remember any dreams, good or bad, and the discomfort in her arm was so minor she was surprised it had even woken her at all after all the other physical suffering she had managed to sleep through. With her dominant hand, she grasped the edge of the blanket covering her and pulled it back to try to get a look at the location of her pain. Through the dark of the room she could see the fingers of her left hand poking out of the sling holding her arm securely to her chest and she decided that the feeling was nothing to alert a healer about. She laid her head back against the pillow and stared at the ceiling, her eyes gradually getting adjusted to the shadows with marginal help from the light of the moon shining through her window that was draped in sheer curtains. She turned her head towards it and estimated that it wouldn't be dawn for quite a while and that she had probably only slept half the night. In spite of this, she found that she wasn't tired in the slightest. She had been sleeping so much that any semblance of a normal sleep pattern had diminished and now she had been gifted with the privilege of being wide awake while the world slept soundly. Flinging back the rest of her covers, she sat up in bed, still turned towards the window. A slight breeze came in tempting her to walk across the room and sit on the ledge. The night was cool but covered in a haze of fog. Osgiliath, which had once been so clear to her, was a dark blur engulfed by tall mountains behind it. The Pelennor Fields were a bottomless pit. It was at times like these that she wished she could be released from the protection of the Houses of Healing so she could be free to wander. After her first two days of being confined to her room, she had gone over every passage and corner of her cage and while she did find some wonderful semblance of freedom in the gardens, she was all too aware of how stuck she was, how idle, and how useless. Turning away from outside she considered her options for occupation now that sleep eluded her. On the sideboard near her bed, next to a pitcher of water and a cup, were two books that she thought could offer distraction. The one on the bottom was small in dimensions but thick in width: a historical text on the relations between Gondor and Rohan. While it wasn't as long as most of the books she had seen when she accidently found herself in the Houses' small library, the ribbon she used to mark her place indicated that she was only one third of the way through it. Her people didn't have a literary tradition outside of a few scrolls kept under lock and key in Meduseld so the act of sitting around for hours on end reading was very difficult for her. The text wasn't exactly dry, it was fascinating to get a different and more thorough perspective on a history she only knew through oral tradition which focused heavily on her own countrymen, but she found that in order to retain anything she read she needed to read in short bursts intercut with long walks or rests in which she processed the information. She may have been restless but she didn't feel up for such an undertaking at the moment. She walked over to the books and admired the colorful cover of the book on top of the history text. It had far fewer pages, she had actually managed to read the entire thing in a day, but it was wider and as she opened it to fan through the pages, beautiful drawings passed by among the blocks of text. It was a book of children's stories but none she had ever heard before. The kind of stories she had grown up with were often about peasants who would rise up to win honor in the Mark or valiant riders or stories of horses who could perform amazing feats. These were tales for Gondor with lessons to be imparted and Eldar references. In a way, she had found them to be a more useful read than the history book when it came to understanding the culture of the land she was in. When all the pages she had been flipping through were flat, she found herself staring at the inside cover of the book where an inscription had been written. She smiled as her eyes glossed over the message but closed the book when she was done. She didn't have the concentration for reading tonight. No, she was going to take a walk and she would return when she had finally tired enough to go back to sleep. Although she was weary of walks as it was one of the only things she could do, she hadn't been though the Houses of Healing at night and she thought perhaps that might supply some new interest for her, at least for a little while. From a wooden chair in the corner of the room she took up a robe that had been laid out for her. The robe was a cream color made of a silky, shiny fabric that she was not particularly familiar with and the neck and belt of the robe were stitched with a gold embroidered vine design. The robe was not warm and as far as she could understand it only really served the purpose of protecting her modesty if she wished to walk around in a gown like the one she was currently wearing. Another anomaly that had been provided for her, the gown was made of many thin layers of soft, sheer white fabric so delicate that if she were to rip it somehow, it would be impossible to repair in a subtle way without just removing the torn layers and adding more, which seemed terribly wasteful to her. The upper portion of the bodice consisted of thick, draped sleeveless straps that formed a v-shape and attached separately so that she did not have to take apart her entire sling to put it on. The gown closed with a row of hooks on her right side that she could do up on her own with her available hand. While she was grateful that garments like this one had been clearly made with her handicap in mind, everything about them otherwise was so strange to her. She was used to garments of sturdy fabric, made to accommodate the wearer through many years. This gown which she had been given exclusively for sleeping in was dearer than even her most luxurious gowns back home. To have something so impractical struck her as decadent and foolish but she didn't exactly have her own options to utilize. If nothing else it was comfortable. With only days of practice behind her, she managed to slide her right arm through the sleeve of the robe and then drape the other side over her left shoulder with relative ease. The issue came when she went to tie the robe closed and had to settle for a very loose knot in front. It was all she could manage with one hand and she didn't think much of its insecurity since she knew she was unlikely to meet anyone on her walk. It was late enough, she imagined, that even the healers were no longer making rounds. Most were probably in bed, aside from maybe one on watch, and wouldn't rise unless someone called out for help. When she opened the door to her room she was faced with two hallways she could choose to walk down, both dimly lit with lines of low-burning lamps. Her room was on a corner, giving her a bit more privacy, and she was allowed to have a closed door. All the others staying there from what she had heard had to keep their doors open so they could be looked in upon periodically and so they could be heard if they were calling out for a healer. She wasn't sure why she had been allowed this privilege but she assumed it was either because of her status or because she was a woman in a place that was presently overrun with men. It was likely the answer was both. She decided to turn down the hallway on her left, soft light coming from inside the rooms spilling out into her path. She lowered her head as she passed by the first door, trying to respect the privacy of whoever slept inside but as she passed the second one, a noise coming from within the room drew her attention and she looked up to find the source. The man inside was visibly shaking, causing a rattling of the bed frame that was loud enough on its own but was also punctuated with the sounds of teeth grinding as if he was trying to bite down on small rocks. Even with the one small lamp inside the room, she could see the sweat beaded on his forehead. She wondered if it was physical pain or mental pain that had driven him to this condition. She glanced down the hallway to see if anyone had noticed, and finding nothing she decided to wait. She didn't know if she could do anything for him or how she would even alert a healer but she didn't want to walk away from him in case something else happened. Perhaps this was an everyday occurrence that no one paid any mind to anymore, but she knew all too well the effects dreams could have. Suddenly there came a scream from a room two doors down from where she stood and shortly after she could hear women's voices echoing from the other side of the hallway. She breathed a sigh of relief. If they were coming to check in on the screamer, they would surely also notice the man she had found. Although, they'll also find me, she realized and she did not want them to request that she return to her bed. As quickly as she could in her weak constitution, she hurried off in the opposite direction from where she had heard the voices of the healers and turned down the other hall, trying to stay her breathing so she would not be heard. She peaked her head around the corner and saw two healers coming down the hall. One immediately entered the room where the man had yelled while the other waited outside. Not a minute later she seemed to hear what Éowyn had and entered the room of the shaking man. Turning away now that the man had found help, she looked down the new hallway she found herself in. This way she knew to be the easiest route to the small library that the Houses of Healing kept, likely the place where the history text in her room had come from, and to the gardens. She had walked it many times, always with the same discretion and detachment she had tried to offer to the men in the other wing before her curiosity had been sparked, but now she