A/N: I know it has been attempted by many other people before, but I couldn't stop thinking about what Edward was going through in the second half of Twilight. So, without further ado, here is Midnight Sun part 2. 12. Complications (continued) "Oh Bella?" "Yes?" "Tomorrow it's my turn." Her forehead puckered. "Your turn to what?" "Ask the questions." Tomorrow, when we were in a safer place, surrounded by witnesses, I would get my own answers. I grinned at the thought, and then I turned away because she made no move to leave. Even with her outside of the car, the echo of the electricity zinged in the air. I wanted to get out, too, to walk to her door as an excuse to stay beside her... No more mistakes. I hit the gas, and then sighed as she disappeared behind me. It seemed like I was always running toward Bella or running away from her, never staying in place. I would have to find some way to hold my ground if we were ever going to have any peace. As I sped away from the Swan residence, from Bella standing so effortlessly beautiful in one spot, a smile was glued to my face. For a moment, I could forget about who I was, about what I was and just think about her. It was selfish of me, I knew that down to my very core, but it felt incredible to think about her the entire drive home. It took me only a few minutes to arrive home, and as I neared the end of my drive I could see and hear Alice waiting for me. She was positioned outside of the garage so that there was no way I could ignore her, and there was something she had to talk to me about. Where are you off to this evening? I rolled my eyes at her; she knew the answer to her pressing question, there was no need to dignify it with a response. Showing clearly that I had every intention of parking my car in our garage, Alice eventually gave up on getting an answer from me and let me drive past her, allowing me to park in my normal spot next to Rosalie's car. The run back to Forks from our home was something I looked forward to every evening. Most parts of my routine I found tedious and unnecessary. School, spending nights at home or hunting, driving most places; it was all for show. But as I sped through the greenery that surrounded and defined the small town of Forks, Washington, I couldn't be more grateful that my obnoxiously tedious routine brought me to her . I easily sneaked through her bedroom window like I did most evenings, comforted by the feel of the old wood brushing against my skin. Settling into my usual seat, I softly rocked back and forth in the rocking chair, hands folded in my lap. As Bella tossed and turned throughout most of the evening, much of my attention was focused on staying in my chair and not moving to comfort her. I wanted nothing more than to comfort her, nothing more than to hold her against my chest and sleep with her instead of sitting what seemed like a mile away and simply watching. I sat, silent and still, but couldn't help and think back to Biology earlier in the day. My mind flickered to the magnetic pull that her body had to me, recalled the way her warm skin felt against my hand as I brushed the side of her cheek. Nerve endings that hadn't been active in who knows how long had been called awake by that one moment of self indulgence. But the question that kept burning itself in the back of my brain was simply if she had felt the same way, if the electric charge sent through my body was the same for her. I was willing to give up hearing the thoughts of every other person in the world if it meant that I could peek into her brain. And then, as if on cue, my name softly escaped from her lips. "Edward," she whispered, "please stay." Time passed, and eventually Bella's sleeping became more peaceful. Once she had been still for about twenty minutes, I decided to press my luck, to try and be close to her again. Slowly rising from my seat, I took a deep breath. The burning in my throat was slightly more manageable, and I walked impossibly slowly toward my sleeping beauty. After what felt like an eternity, I knelt by the side of her bed frame, reaching my hand out and softly tracing the outline of her face. I could hear her heart pick up the way it always did when I was close to her and for a moment, was extremely frightened that she was going to wake up to find me mere inches from her face. But she simply smiled wider, eyes remaining shut, and whispered another quiet and fond "Edward." The sun was rising outside, the world was waking up, and in an instant, I was reminded of pesky humans and their ridiculous circadian rhythms. I stole one last look at Bella asleep peacefully in her bed and raced home as fast as I could, knowing that the sooner I got home, the sooner I could be in Bella's presence again. I barely took the time to notice the rest of my family as I sped around our home to get ready for the day. I was sure it was unnecessary to tell Alice that Rosalie needed to drive again, but just in case, I took a moment to check in with the thoughts of my siblings. Next time, I'm going to find a bear twice his size. Hair up, hair down, hair up , hair down . All I feel is love right now, and I couldn't be more content. I'll need to ensure Rosalie doesn't get mad when I talk to her in a couple minutes, but right now I have more... important matters to attend to. I smiled to myself as I heard Alice and Jasper together, seeing the way Alice looked at him and vice versa made me long for the love they had; the type of love that never died no matter how many years it lived on, the type of love that got stronger through patience, understanding, and... I cut myself off from that train of thought before it got too out of control. I could never have what they had, I wouldn't let Bella become one of us just to spend her life with me. Her life was worth so much more than my happiness. Not bothering to slow down to say goodbye to my family, I moved quickly back to my car. Bella's scent lingered in the passenger seat, and I took a deep breath, letting the slight burning sensation make its way comfortably into my throat. I welcomed the pain. On the drive to Bella's house, I took a moment to listen for Charlie. His thoughts were delivered to me partially, giving off an annoyed tone. I looked at the clock as I pulled into the driveway. He had left two minutes later than usual. I sat and waited patiently for Bella to finish getting ready, letting my mind wander and think about all the questions I wanted to know the answer to today. I desired to know every detail about her, every trivial and seemingly unimportant factoid and piece of information. Today would most definitely be a good day. A smile spread across my face as she opened the passenger door and climbed into the car. What was she thinking about? Was she happy to see me? Was yesterday as monumental for her as it was for me? I took a breath before speaking, the comforting burn settling back into my throat. "Good morning. How are you today?" I asked, searching her face for a recollection of the previous day, the previous evening, the stolen touches I took every moment I could, and finding nothing. "Good, thank you," she replied, but I couldn't help but continue to search her face, noticing the dark circles under her eyes and how lethargic she seemed. "You look tired." "I couldn't sleep," she said, swinging her hair to provide a sort of wall between us. I couldn't help but laugh at that comment. "Neither could I," I said, quirking my eyebrows at her before putting the car into drive and taking off toward our destination for the day, school. She chuckled at my joke - that always made me feel good about myself - and replied. "I guess that's right, I suppose I slept just a little bit more than you did." "I'd wager you did." "So what did you do last night?" I laughed. Her ability to ask questions with extremely revealing answers was unparalleled by anyone I had ever met before, but she was not getting away with this today. "Not a chance. It's my day to ask questions," I reminded her, fingers drumming against the steering wheel. "Oh, that's right. What do you want to know?" she asked, an apprehensively eager tone in her voice. What did I want to know? Everything. I decided to start simple. "What's your favorite color?" "It changes from day to day," she stated, and I lightly shook my head. That answer was not going to work. "What's your favorite color today?" I pressed in response. "Probably brown." I couldn't help but snicker at first. "Brown?" Was she serious? Brown was the color that a beautiful art project turned into when you forget how to blend color correctly, the color of mud, a color that simply existed, never noticed by anyone. Except, it seemed, by her. "Sure. Brown is warm. I miss brown. Everything that's supposed to be brown — tree trunks, rocks, dirt — is all covered up with squashy green stuff here," she explained and I pondered on that for a moment. Maybe brown was all of the things that came to my mind before, but brown was also the color of her hair, providing a beautifully stark contrast to her pale skin. Brown was the color of her eyes, her warm, inviting eyes. I could lose myself in the shades of brown that made up Bella. Without brown, she wouldn't be who she was. I had a newfound appreciation for the color. "You're right," I stated plainly, reaching out to lightly touch her hair, to knock down her makeshift wall of...well, of brown. I snapped my arm back to the wheel as we pulled into school, maneuvering to my spot in the parking lot like I did every day. The minute I put the car in park, I turned to face Bella. "What music is in your CD player right now?" I asked, trying to take the topic of conversation as seriously as I could. As she spoke the name of the Linkin Park CD currently in my car, I couldn't help but smile an all knowing smile. I produced my copy of the same CD, and laughed. "Debussy to this?" I asked, shaking my head at the many similarities that never seemed to end with the two of us. Eventually, we had to leave the secluded environment that was my car, but I made use of the time we had together throughout the day extremely well. Every moment we were together, I was asking her another question, delving deeper, finding out new information, and loving every minute of it. I took mental notes as we talked. She loved Romeo and Juliet and Wuthering Heights , hadn't traveled to many places in the world, but one day wanted to go to Asia and see all that she could, didn't watch very many movies or play any sports, but loved curling up with a good book at the end