Bella Swan smiled and waved goodbye to Mrs. Newton, the manager of the hiking and outfitter store she worked at in Forks. She ran out to the parking lot, eager to spend her last night with Edward before he left for his hunting trip, then possibly see Jacob a few times while he was gone. Heading out to the parking lot, she quickly spotted the shiny silver Volvo belonging to her boyfriend, Edward, waiting for her like always. Breaking into a smile she quickly ran over to the passenger side, opening the door and hoped into the car. "Hey Edward, you and Emmet still planning on go… Oh Alice!" Instead of the bronze haired immortal, sitting in the drivers seat was actually his short little pixie of a sister Alice, drumming away on the steering wheel and singing along with her beautiful voice to the fast paced R&B song playing on the car's speakers. The short spiky-haired vampire flashed her a dazzling smile and then continued humming with the song as she threw the car into reverse, sped out of the parking lot so fast that it made Bella grab seatbelt for dear life. Muttering under her breath about Vampires and lacking patience she tried to relax her hands. "So umm… Not to sound rude but… Where's Edward?" Alice continued to bob her head to the music. "He and Emmet left early for their hunting trip." "Oh." Bella replied quickly, struggling to hide her disappointment. Alice pursed her lips at the pout threatening to come from Bella's face and put on a beaming smile. "All the boys went, and we're having a slumber party!" she announced in a trilling, singsong voice. "A slumber party?" Bella repeated, suspicion creeping into her voice and a feeling of impending doom blossoming in her chest. "Aren't you excited?" the little pixie vampire asked with a big grin. Bella stared at her for a good five seconds until realization set in. "You're kidnapping me, aren't you?" Alice laughed and nodded. "Till Saturday. Esme cleared it with Charlie; you're staying with me two nights, and I will drive you to and from school tomorrow." Bella made a face and Alice only giggled, "Sorry," she said, not sounding in the least bit sincere about it. "He paid me off." "And how exactly did he do that?" Bella growled angrily, one eyebrow arcing up. "The Porsche. It's exactly like the one I stole in Italy." She sighed happily. "I'm not supposed to drive it around Forks, but if you want, we could see how long it takes to get from here to L.A. - I bet I could have you back by midnight." Bella shuddered at the thought. "I think I'd be safer going for a ride on a F-15," she shot back, knowing the last thing she wanted to do was be on the highway with Alice in a car that could actually handle everything her vampire reflexes and future seeing powers could throw at it. Alice sent her a wounded look, the look on her face too adorable and hurt to be real. The ride went quickly, far too quickly in Bella's opinion, to the Cullen's mansion. The garage door rolled up and there in the middle of the small fleet of cars was the bright canary-yellow Porsche, so reminiscent of the one Alice had stolen from an airport in Italy to get them to Edward. The immortal seer grinned as she walked over to the car, almost skipping with glee. "Pretty, isn't it?" "Pretty over-the-top," Bella grumbled as she got out of the car, staring at Alice's new ride incredulously. "He gave you that just for two days of holding me hostage?" Alice bit her lips and shot the human girl a shy smile. "Well… you see…" Bella's eyes went shock wide. "It's for every time he's gone, isn't it?" Alice looked like she should be blushing and slowly nodded her head. That and one other tiny little detail… But I will wait to throw that one to you…well more like into you Alice hummed as her sight allowed her to see the images of what was waiting for Bella tonight at the Cullen house, and she had to bite her lip to keep a relatively straight face. Bella groaned loudly and slammed the passenger door, stalking past Alice into the house. Alice only burst into giggles and danced along next to her. "Alice, don't you think this is just a little bit controlling? Just a tiny bit psychotic, maybe?" "Well duh, but that doesn't mean it's not unfounded." Alice sighed and shook her head. "He's just worried about you Bella… Jacob may mean well, but the wolves are dangerous. Especially since I can't see them. We have no way to know if you're safe. You shouldn't be so reckless when it comes to the Quilliutes." Bella gave the shorter girl a level look. "Yes, because a vampire slumber party is the pinnacle of safety conscious behavior." Alice burst into childish giggles. "I'll give you a pedicure and everything," she promised. Bella quickly found out that Alice threat of nail artistry was not idle. Nor was her determination to make this out to be as close to the definition of a slumber party as humanly, ironic as it was, possible. She was fully ready with several of Bella's favorite movies, How the heck did she know? She's supposed to see the future, not read minds! Had Esme bring Bella her favorite Italian food, Little brat thinks this will soothe things over? Although that does look good… And finally had Bella looking made up like she was ready for a fashion show, I'm supposed to be going to bed in 4 hours! Even Rosalie joined them, the voluptuous blonde vampire sitting down to work on Bella's hair for a bit while they watched one of Bella's all time favorites, Sin City . Normally Rosalie's presence was enough to always set Bella on edge, but this time she made the poor human down right nervous. Bella swore that out of the corner of her eye she kept catching Rosalie lock gazes with Alice with a little smirk on her face, like she was part of some inside joke Bella was not privy too. But then Alice would give Bella an innocent smile and make some comment about how Jessica Alba was a closet vampire and her attention turned away from the two immortals. After two movies Alice hummed, putting the finishing touches on the girl's pedicure, "How late do you want to stay up?" she asked when Bella's toenails were glistening a bloody red. The vampire's enthusiasm refused to be dampened by the girl's mood or suspicion. "I don't want to stay up. We have school in the morning." Bella quickly replied, not sure how much more she could take of this Barbie styled, Teen Magazine inspired torture session any longer. Alice gave her a pout that looked so disarming it could have made a marine give into the girls wishes. Bella gulped and quickly cut her off before the fake but very convincing looking tears came in. "Where am I supposed to sleep, anyway? Can't you just keep me under surveillance at my house?" "What kind of a slumber party would that be? You're sleeping in Edward's room of course." Alice said, shaking her head in exasperation, Bella not catching the mischievous twinkle in her eye. More like passing out after I'm done with you. Bella sighed and nodded. "Can I go back to my place to get my things, at least?" Alice giggled and shook her head. "Already taken care of." Bella glared and looked for some pay back. "Am I allowed to use your phone?" "Charlie already knows where you are." Alice replied with a questioning look. "I wasn't going to call Charlie." Bella glared at her. "Apparently, I have some plans to cancel." Alice gave the girl a sheepish smile and sighed, "All right fine…" She flickered off in a blur then arrived back just as fast, handing over her cell phone to Bella. "He didn't specifically prohibit this…" she murmured to herself, which caused Bella to send a murderous glare at her that caused the little pixie to squeak. Bella made two quick calls, one to an irate Jacob to let him know she wasn't going anywhere for the weekend; and then the next one, which was nothing but a short, very threatening message to her boyfriend promising bodily harm when he returned. She then snapped the phone shut and handed it back to the vampire. "I'm done." Alice was grinning ear to ear. "This hostage stuff is fun."Bella only could growl out at her. "I'm going to sleep now," she grumbled out and quickly made for the stairs. With a giggle and a skip, Alice danced right along after her. "Alice," Bella sighed, rubbing her temples in exasperation. "I'm not going to sneak out. You would know if I was planning to, and you'd catch me if I tried." "I'm just going to show you where your things are," Alice said with a very innocent expression on her face. Bella gave her a glare trying to see inside that little pixie vampire head, but after a few silent minutes staring into her beaming innocent face, she trudged along up to Edward's room. Upon her entry though she stopped short, eyes widening as she suddenly was met by the sight of a massive four-poster bed that took up most of the center of the room. Edward's normal couch that Bella napped on when she visited had been moved to accommodate the king sized bed. Bella's pajamas were folded neatly on one corner of the silk red sheets that adorned the bed, and her bag of things sat next to the bed on chair. "What the hell is all this?" Bella managed to splutter out. Your training ground , Alice almost let slip, but instead she gave the girl a sly grin. "You didn't really think we would make you sleep on the couch, did you?" Bella mumbled unintelligibly as she stared at the massive bed and Alice could only giggle at her success. "Glad you liked it, I spent a good hour picking it out." The girl grinned as she danced over to the bed and with a childish yell of glee she hopped onto the bed and bounced up and down on it like a little five year old. "Although… That's probably cause I mandate a good ten minute bounce test on all beds I buy." Bella couldn't help but roll her eyes at the girl's childish antics. One would never guess she was old enough to have been considered an adult during the first World War with the way she acted. Guess that's why I love the little brat so much… Bella thought wryly to herself. And it was true, outside of Edward, there was probably no other Cullen she cared about more then Alice. Sitting down in a purposely more dignified way, Bella sighed, "Don't you consider this a tad bit waste full Alice? None of you sleep at all, and it's not like I will be getting a lot of use out of this bed." Alice gave Bella a grin that for some reason made chills go up Bella's spine and then bounced over to her and flopped down on her stomach next to Bella, legs kicking up in the air. She had a look that somehow was both guilty and mischievous at the same time on her pixie like face. "Well… I severely doubt that Bella." The young girl started feeling slightly nervous. She knew that look. That look was infamous. It meant that Alice had seen exactly what was coming, and no matter how much Bella kicked, screamed or bit it was going to happen. Good or bad. "Mary Alice Brandon Cullen… What are you scheming?" Alice put on a mock look of shock and indignation.