Pairing: Percy Jackson/Nico di Angelo Setting: University AU Summary: If there was one person – one person in the entire world – who could possibly turn a confession into a rejection, it was Nico di Angelo. And i f there was one thing that Percy was certain of, it was that Jason Grace and Will Solace constantly grated on his nerves with their painfully obvious and not-so-innocent intentions with Nico di Angelo. A/N: All the fluff that I used to have in this world has diminished and been burned to smithereens. Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and its characters solely belong to Rick Riordan. This story can be found on Tumblr, and now, on AO3 as well as my other works. The Case of Nico di Angelo's type If there was one person – one person in the entire world – who could possibly turn a confession into a rejection, it was Nico di Angelo. " For a long time, I had a crush on you. I just wanted you to know. But, it's cool. We're cool. I mean, I see now… you're cute, but…" Percy Jackson remembered with crystalline clarity that Nico di Angelo had the audacity to shrug in a nonchalant manner before dropping a heavy bomb onto him. " You're not my type." Now, if that had not been a confession and a rejection, then Percy would not know either way what to classify that as. Not that he had ill feelings for the male, not remotely close, but it had disturbed him on so many levels that which he could not place a finger on. As far as back as his memory served him, he and Nico di Angelo always have had a closely-knit friendship at such a young age. They were childhood friends, practically best of friends despite an approximate two years age gap – Percy being the older individual. Percy was indisputably with Nico on every step of the way with his life, transcending expectations while struggling under the weight of an inconsistent household. Formerly in the days of their blissful ignorance, the situation had been much different for the di Angelo family. But, with the death of Maria di Angelo – Nico's biological mother – and the remarriage of Hayden di Angelo, followed with the appearance of an illegitimate child on his father's side, that sweet adolescent changed drastically. When Bianca di Angelo – Nico's actual sister – decided to leave the United States in pursuance of her dreams, that had been the icing on the cake. A nauseating one. Percy firmly believed that the lowest of what Nico had once been was partially his fault, once the younger male courageously confessed, and stressed a rejection – and no, Percy will never let go of that one – to him. Perhaps in those days, he should have been there by his side as a confidant or a source of comfort rather than court – with love-stricken eyes, as his friends dubbed it – Annabeth Chase. If he had known the degree to which the male was suffering, perhaps he might have had pursued further for Nico to let him in. But, he did not. Adding salt to his wound, it had been Nico, who had then managed to befriend a certain Reyna Avila-Ramirez Arellano and Jason Grace, who was the first to pick up the trails of their friendship which he might as well have casted aside out of negligence. That had been months ago, and Nico had blossomed further as a better individual, befriending more and more people in their university. People like Jason Grace and Will Solace , Percy would think, disgruntled. Many people would expect, in the stereotypical sense, for Percy Jackson to handle his best friend's confession… well, normally . But, no. It had one of the factors that had ultimately ended his brief relationship with Annabeth. As much as Percy was proud that his best friend came out to him despite of unreciprocated feelings, he stubbornly dread over his uncalled rejection. " You're not my type." What was that even supposed to mean? Annabeth had been displeased that it was a topic occasionally brought up – by Percy and at times unintentionally by herself. For example, there were a few times by which Annabeth would casually respond 'It's not my type' whenever her ex-boyfriend would offer her a suggestion or an item, and Percy would react splendidly . In Percy's defense, Annabeth had been there when everything happened. Thus, she should have known how those words would affect Percy. Percy found them inconsiderate. Annabeth found him too sensitive of it. The blonde beauty countered that he was disturbed by the rejection, but Percy vehemently denied it. True, he was disturbed, but not for the reasons Annabeth expected him to be. The 'rejection' simply had him reconsider where he fell short on so many aspects or what he lacked of. That was simply it. At least, that was what he considered it to be. "Hey, Nico!" Or not. If there was one thing that Percy was certain of, it was that Jason Grace and Will Solace constantly grated on his nerves. If there was another thing that Percy was certain of, it was that Jason Grace and Will Solace were painfully obvious of their not-so-innocent intentions with Nico di Angelo. That alone was enough to get to his nerves. If it was not politics student Jason Grace who would hold Nico's attention, it would be the medical student Will Solace. And how it was that they seem to have more free time coinciding with Nico, a Fine Arts student, than he, a student in Human Resource Management, was beyond Percy's limited comprehension. It was supposed to be him that was the closest to the male, and not the other two individuals who were clearly aiming for more – for what it is worth. Percy suddenly had an inkling as to what Nico felt like before when he had been painfully oblivious of Nico's attraction, because Nico was now the painfully oblivious individual that had taken Percy's throne, so to speak. Sea-green irises narrowed at the sight of Jason Grace, casually wrapping an arm around the younger male's shoulder before naturally pulling him close as he strike up a conversation. If that had happened months ago, Percy was willing to bet his monthly budget that Nico di Angelo would have delivered his arm to the infirmary after dislocating it severely. But as it was, Nico minded the contact little, nodding once or twice and making casual remarks when questioned by the blond politics student. The only thing withholding him from prying that arm off was the presence of Reyna on the other side of Nico. Reyna filled that void which Bianca had left, and Nico had come to regard her as an older sister. That being said, the older-sister-package came with the protectiveness that Reyna strictly implemented with the dark-haired fine arts student. "I know Jason and Will are painfully obvious of their intentions, but you aren't even the slightest bit discreet about yours too, Seaweed Brain." Now, despite that Annabeth Chase and Percy Jackson had broken up upon concluding that their relationship was nothing more than platonic, he and the blonde architecture student still settled back to their former friendship status. Percy appreciated having her around, always approaching her if he needed an opinion on crucial matters. Last time he checked, this was neither crucial nor was he asking for an opinion. "For the last time, I don't like Nico that way. I'm just jealous that Jason and Will gets to spend more time with him than I, his childhood friend and always-have-been bestfriend, do." Percy stated, scowling at her amused expression. "You know, one day you will stop denying that and wish that I should have brought it up more and sooner when the day comes that either of the two would sweep Nico off of his feet," Annabeth remarked in a slightly chiding tone. There were two things that Percy would rather not entertain of that idea. First, that Nico would someday be in a relationship with someone – questionably Jason Grace or Will Solace. Two, that he was highly disturbed that Nico would choose someone, anyone , eventually and it would not even be him because… he is not Nico's type, he thought with venom lacing his sarcasm. When Will Solace appeared moments later, blatantly ignoring the politics students as he engulfed Nico in an almost suffocating embrace, Percy had to amend himself with the realization that there were actually three things that he would rather not entertain. Third being, that Nico di Angelo's type might be of tall blond individuals with great physique and eyes of any dazzling shade of blue. Percy Jackson had always fallen short on the bestfriend department, but if there was something that he had to be truly grateful for, that was the fact that Nico chose to believe otherwise. Or perhaps, dismissed the past and focused on the pieces of their friendship that they managed to salvage. If there had to be anything that Percy had an edge against Jason or Will, it was that he was on a whole different level on Nico's friendship scale. That fact was enough for him to gloat on, especially on moments like now when Nico di Angelo, clad in his trademark black apparel of skinny jeans, loose t-shirt with skull prints, and a pair of converse approached him from afar with that soft, charming smile curling his thin yet full lips. When Percy wrapped his arms around the younger male in greeting, pressing him as close as was possible, he faintly registered the alluring scent of cinnamon and petrichor. And, oh, he completely registered how neither Jason nor Will seemed to appreciate the gesture as they scowled at the exchange with a fiery intensity. "Hey, Percy," Nico murmured, patting his back briefly before trying to pry himself from the male. It was clear that despite permitting contact, it was still something that was taking time for him to get completely accustomed to. "Hey, Nico," Percy greeted with a smile, slowly pulling away from their brief contact to properly look at him. In retrospect, Percy had complete comprehension as to why Jason and Will had taken interest on the younger male. Nico had always been inhumanely adorable as a child, as far as Percy would care to admit, and blossomed to who he was today – a winsome willowy male of dishevelled wavy raven locks and stunningly deep dark brown eyes, of thin but full lips and flawless olive-skin complexion. Nico could easily surpass his works of art alone with his appearance, and why was Percy dwelling on his features now? "…– ercy?" "Ah, sorry. Can you repeat that again?" Percy inquired, smiling sheepishly when the younger male frowned up at him. With his peripheral vision, the older male could see that knowing expression, laced with undisguised amusement, on his ex-girlfriend's beautiful features. He had to bite his tongue before he could request of her to wipe that expression of gloat over his momentary distracted state. "I said, can I ask you for a favour by modelling for a project?" Nico repeated in a low voice, sounding almost hushed. Percy blinked in surprise at the sudden request. "I'm not saying that I wouldn't do it, but why me? I thought that you would prefer either Jason. Or Will," Percy commented, raising his hands up automatically in defence before the younger male could frown any deeper. Also, last time I checked, I wasn't your type. Oh, he would have said that; the urge to do so was extremely high, but also the probability that not only Nico, but his ex-girlfriend would chastise him for hours for it. "I am asking you ," Nico responded nonchalantly, casting his eyes down to the ground for a few seconds as he shifted his bearings. "I don't think I can ask