Summary: Their story is not over yet. In another place and in another time, surely they will meet again. Nico just has to wait for Percy to get there; to come home. Inspired by an imagine-percico which I may or may not admit to having been the one that submitted it (HAHA), and which I may or may not have altered along the writing process. Length: 13 760 words ITALICS are used in flashback dialogues, thoughts, and for when soul!Nico (and another) are speaking. Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and its characters belong solely to Rick Riordan. I do not profit from this work of fiction. This ia an AU. In the case of inaccuracies, I sincerely apologize. This story is found as well on Tumblr. One day, I'll be coming home Our story is coming to a close. The curtains are falling over me Please let me say my final lines I didn't have much time " Nico di Angelo. I… Please let me talk to his… his soul." The insurmountable desire encompassed his being, beckoning him away from shallow waters and towards the darkness of the abyss. There was that sensation of being suffocated that grasped onto his lungs, squeezing ever tighter with each passing second that he allowed for the reality to sink onto his mind. Battered and bruised, none could ever come to compare to the emotional turmoil that raged within as if the wrath of Poseidon was wreaking havoc in his heart. Percy could remember it with crystalline clarity. A fleeting moment of being shrouded by the darkness of the shadows, and an ear-splitting scream pierced through the thick air. Multiple skeleton soldiers trembled erratically before collapsing to the ground. A dead weight crashed onto him from behind, a slightly viscous liquid dripping along his back and seeping through his tattered apparel. His head turned back in a split second, just as Nico di Angelo collapsed onto the ground, his crimson blood bathing the soil in a seemingly endless stream. A mere few feet from him stood a manticore, blood coating one of its horns. Nico's blood. Nico's blood. Juno's Gladius pierced through the heart of the distracted manticore before it burst into specks of gold dust. A hoarse yet unified cry of 'Nico!' reverberated through the battleground, but none were of Percy's voice. Vibrant sea-green pupils trembled, as they gazed in fear at the fallen body right before his very eyes. The fight momentarily gone from him, he collapsed onto his knees, delicately grasping and cradling the heaving body of the son of Hades. The spark of life within those dark brown eyes were slowly fading, diminishing by the second as their eyes gazed into each other. Percy could not fathom his reflection in those eyes, but Nico's were of remorse and pain, yet acceptance. " No… No, no, no, no! Nico, hang on! Damn it, Nico, you're not dying on me!" Percy vaguely remembered himself yelling at the teen as he desperately pressed a hand onto the gaping hole on the younger male's chest, trying to suppress the blood from spilling some more. It was fruitless, yet he had to do something. Anything . "Get a healer here! Now!" A frail hand had gently grasped his – the one pressing against the fatal wound – weakly prying it away as the son of Hades coughed up the blood that clogged his throat. "Percy… stop. It's no use…" Nico had whispered, a pained yet faint smile gracing his crimson lips as he relentlessly pried the hand off of him. How could he manage to smile in such situation? It was absurd; it made no sense whatsoever. " Will Solace! Now!" Percy yelled, uncaring of the battle happening around him. Uncaring how Jason and Frank encircled them, relentlessly switching from offense and defense as Percy stubbornly refused to move, grasping firmly onto the Ghost King. " Percy, l… listen…" Nico whispered, feebly squeezing the bloodied hand of the son of Poseidon instead, well aware that the young hero would not give up that hopeless fight. His soul was slipping away. It was that simple. It was that inevitable . " I'm… not going to – to make it…" " No, Nico, you're going to make it! Hang on, just…! Think about Hazel! Think about all of us – your friends! Just…! Don't you dare die on me, Nico! Don't you dare!" Percy yelled, anger and desperation coursing through his system as he clasped a pale cheek firmly, trying to keep the son of Hades from closing his eyes. " Mama is waiting…" Nico murmured in a low voice, so hushed that Percy almost had not heard him. "I… don't have much time… So… so listen." A trembling hand desperately grasped one of his cheeks as tightly as was manageable, forcing Percy to meet those dulling eyes. The sight was heart-wrenching, as if he was being simultaneously stabbed as those dark brown eyes dulled further and further. It was a sight he had seen dozens of instances, but never as excruciating in intensity. From the corner of his eyes, he vaguely registered Jason halting briefly on his spot, electric blue eyes widening by a fraction at the situation, before he was preoccupied with fending off the monsters crowding around them. " Be strong… for Hazel and… and for Annabeth," the son of Hades almost choked the name out as blood clogged his throat once again. He coughed heavily for a few seconds, blood painting the expanse of his exposed neck. "For your mother… and f… for everyone." " No, Nico! I don't— I just – I don't have to be strong for Hazel! You can live and –!" " That's not… not possible. Wish… it was," Nico breathed, fighting to keep his eyes awake as he slightly squeezed the teen's cheek. "It was… nice being a brother for her… Tell her… I'm sorry. I failed to – to live for her. Tell… tell her to live… live for Frank." " No! No, no, no, no, no!" Percy yelled repeatedly, shaking his head as he rejected everything that the son of Hades said. This… This twisted goodbye. " And… remember that… this isn't on you. This… is the job of… the Fates working… Ah, damn it," Nico whispered, attempting to chuckle at his own comment, but it came out as a coughing fit. "Couldn't let you die…" " That doesn't mean you could take my place! Damn it, Nico! You deserved to live and be happy with Hazel, and settle down with someone you love and…! And…!" " That's not for me to… decide," Nico whispered, brushing bloodied fingers along the teen's lips, silently telling him to shush, too exhausted to speak any louder. "And… I am happy… I did love you till – till the end…" Before Percy could register his confession, Nico had lowered his own hand, brushing a kiss to his fingertips before lifting them to brush against the son of Poseidon's. He was on the brink of dead, hanging onto the edge desperately, if only for a few more seconds. He wanted to engrave; to commit to memory the face of the sole being he had come to love irrevocably despite it being unrequited. " I'm sorry, Percy… Be… Be happy… For… For Annabeth." And then his hand fell away, dropping as a dead weight onto his pool of blood. Nico's eyes slowly slid close in an eternal slumber, and a teardrop trickled slowly from the edge of his left eye. Percy was aware that Nico hardly let his emotions show; barely cried in front of anyone. His cold exterior was his sole protection for himself. In that last moment, Nico had left it to crumble. What do you weep for? Percy saw nothing but red. Nico di Angelo, son of Hades and dubbed then Ghost King, was… gone . The war against Gaea had been won, but resulted to high casualties. The moment the son of Hades collapsed, the tide momentarily turned against the demigods. In that few moments that their forces dwindled, one demigod after another died in the face of battle. That is, until the son of Poseidon had gone berserk. Percy could not remember what had occurred shortly after Nico had died. All he recalled was a flash of red before his body acted on instincts alone. Annabeth had described it as carnal and vicious and almost inhumane, but he could not come to care of his actions at that moment. The war was over, with them emerging victorious. But to the son of Poseidon, the loss had been too far too great, too much , for them to consider themselves victorious. Hazel's heart-wrenching cries snapped him back to reality. His dull eyes had slowly drifted to the hunched figure of the daughter of Pluto, screaming her heart out to the ashen grey skies from above as she clutched helplessly at the mangled figure of the son of Hades. Jason was equally hunched beside her, hands grasping at the soiled dirt beneath Nico's body. His hair distinctly covered his eyes from sight, but the trembling of his shoulders and the uneven gasps parting his lips indicated that he was just as much grieving like the daughter of Pluto. Percy did not even notice that he had approached them, ignoring Annabeth's call for his name, as his knees buckled once more before the dead body. He remembered clasping tightly onto the lifeless body once again, a bloodied hand cradling a cold and pale cheek, brushing ever so gently yet desperately as if to coax the teen awake. " Nico! No, Nico! Open your eyes, damn it! Please!" He remembered pleading as he held the teen against his chest, and of him pressing his face against those messy yet silky jet-black locks as he finally, finally , allowed himself to weep. The sky shared his pain on that day. " Nico di Angelo was a loyal comrade to all of us. Throughout the years, he had unfailingly proven himself to us, not only for the honor of his father, but to the rest of his family – us. He would go through lengths, defy the gods if that was what it would take, to make sure that Camp Halfblood – his home – would remain safe. His decisions and actions serve their purpose, but Nico always knew that there were consequences. He had always isolated himself, but then, maybe that's where he finds his most inner peace…" If that had been uttered without the knowledge that the son of Poseidon had recently claimed, Perseus Jackson would have gluttonously bitten onto those words without a second thought. Yet, as the wise daughter of Athena droned on and on of half-hearted compliments to honor the death of Nico di Angelo in the eyes of the remaining campers, Percy found his fists clenching tighter by the minute, drawing the haunting sight of crimson blood dripping from the self-inflicted wounds on his palm. The only home Nico di Angelo acknowledged was the Underworld – and he had returned to it far too soon. The only family for Nico di Angelo was his mother, Bianca, and Hazel – and the former two had already been long gone. This whole ceremonial speech was utter bullshit , and if Percy was in the condition to speak, he would have called it out. None of these campers cared, at least none of those outside the seven. Hazel and Jason could not offer any words of their own, the death of their Ghost King and the son of Hephaestus weighing too much on their minds and leaving them emotionally drained. Hazel's silence was easily understandable, but Jason's was just slightly questionable. Apparently, Jason had kept the son of Hades grounded in more than one occasion during their quest, and while Nico classified their relationship a little too differently, Jason acknowledged Nico as a close friend as he treated the son of Jupiter