Pairings: Hades/Maria di Angelo & Percy Jackson/Nico di Angelo Sequel to One day, I'll be coming home Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or its characters. They solely belong to Rick Riordan. This story is found as well on Tumblr. In Another Life I gave my life to someone Not knowing that I lost a part of me in the process At a young age, Maria di Angelo firmly believed that every form of love has a distinct foundation which allows for it to blossom and grow. Love is like budding roses, taking no definite form which makes it individually unique, yet similarly intricate and delicate within grasp. Love is simply special and holds no definite security of the future. She had her own share of love: in her children and their father. Everlasting, they truly are, yet undeniably time-pressed within the limitations of her fate. If her story was ever summed up, it would utterly be justifiable to call it tragic . Amidst her dwelling in Elysium, she had vowed for one thing and one thing alone: That she would see through the happiness of her children; a happiness that was never hers to own. Her little angels should not have to live through a tragic tale, but there was only so little for her to do than silently watch amidst the confinement of Elysium. When her Bianca had died at such a young age, her devastation was silent yet immeasurable. Concealed within the dullness of her eyes – the once lively glint within them gone – and in the perfect façade she had mustered, her daughter desperately embraced her sweet croons and kind assurances, unaware how her mortal heart crumbled with every fabricated lie that spilled from her slightly trembling lips. There was none to blame but her, Maria had long come to terms with that fact. So when Bianca opted to be reborn, it was with a tight smile that Maria bid her child goodbye . She would never leave Elysium; not until she had seen her beloved son – her little angelic bubble of happiness and life. Or what he once had been. Suppressing her personal anguish at her son's demise had been much more intense, and she had desperately grasped on slivers of her composure as Nico's life played right before her very eyes. No amount of apologies could take away years' worth of excruciating emotional turmoil – of unrequited love and no sense of belonging, of isolation and loneliness, of mad desperation and moments of insanity breaking through. Maria had watched, a lump in her throat, as her son silently wept with crystalline tears trickling along the immaculate skin of his cheeks at the recollection of the entirety of his life. You have none to blame but yourself . When her son approached her, she all but least expect the one thing he did – embrace her form ever so tightly as if she was his lifeline. Decades . Decades had it been since she held this precious being within her arms. It seemed so foreign yet so familiar at the same time, and in her moment of confusion and of being tongue-tied, she could only dazedly listen to her son's words. " Did I do good, mama? Did I make you proud?" Nico had asked her then, pulling back just enough to look into her eyes and decipher the emotions within her eyes. " Are you happy with your life?" she found herself asking. " I wouldn't ask for more." Nico replied with much conviction that she found herself fondly – and naturally – smiling once more after so many decades. " Then I am proud of you, bambino." But there was no forgetting her flaws. Maria remembered clearly the moment Perseus 'Percy' Jackson entered through the gate of Elysium, clad in that signature orange t-shirt of Camp Half-Blood – which many others whom have entered had adorned as well – and a pair of faded blue jeans. She had met him once, seven decades ago so shortly after the demise of her son, swearing to her of a promise that, admittedly, she had not expected for him to keep. Young love was simply as what the mere two words: Young . It was expected to be short-lived, and with the lack of a foundation, it was inevitable. Or so she thought. Jason Grace, Piper McLean, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase… Maria had met the demigods upon their arrival in Elysium. They were her Nico's friends, or at least how she classified them simply since her son labelled them, aside from his half-sister, as acquaintances . The son of Jupiter, whom she had come to treat so fondly as he seemed closest to Nico, still complained of which up to this day. Seven decades slowly took the demigods one by one, and almost every one of their generation dwelled within the walls of Elysium. Some opted to be reborn with the common goal to eventually reside at the Isles of the Blest. Her Bianca – now reunited with her mother and brother – had made that choice just as much decades ago, and was now only one lifetime away from reaching paradise. The arrival of Percy Jackson in Elysium had been much anticipated. When the son of Hades announced that he was sensing the life of Percy Jackson fading, the demigods that remained within Elysium waited patiently near the gate of Elysium for the son of Poseidon to make – as the daughter of Aphrodite had teasingly phrased – his dramatic entrance. So when the son of Poseidon ever so fashionably crashed through the gate, walking through it as if he owned the entire place, everyone could not hold back their laughter while the son of Poseidon simply smiled sheepishly. The first one to welcome the young man was his parents, Sally and Paul Blofis. Maria had heard their fair share of stories, of how one major quest that Percy Jackson partook in secured their residence in Elysium. Not that they would have ended up in the Fields of Asphodel, no, but Percy needed to guarantee that he would be with his loved ones even in death. Paul affectionately patted the boy on his head while Sally embraced her son ever so tightly with tears pooling in her eyes with the immeasurable happiness of seeing her beloved boy after being apart from him for three decades. A motherly love radiated off of her soul and was welcomed in kind as the son of Poseidon wound his arms tightly around his mother's frame, holding her as if he was afraid that she would be gone the moment he let go. It was understandable, that need of reassurance even in death. When Sally pulled away from him, Percy Jackson solely had his eyes for one person and one person only. They stood apart by a mere few feet, looking into each other's eyes as if trying to decipher every thoughts and emotions in the other's mind. Nico had mentioned it to her once; the gravity of what it was like to look into those eyes. It was as if everything else fades in the background, and in those eyes I could only see myself. It was as if I was the only existence in his life and that nothing else mattered than that moment with him. Maria could never understand the intensity of it. It was special, truly special, and was another thing she was not meant to have. Percy was the one to break their silent connection, scooping the son of Hades within his arms ever so tightly before lifting him in a full circle, clearly startling the latter as his breath hitched at the gesture. Percy never let go of Nico even as he set him back onto the ground, only pulling him closer to his frame as if their proximity was not nearly enough. " I'm home." Maria had faintly heard the older teen whisper to her son before he shamelessly kissed the son of Hades right in front of everyone. Many cheered at the sight, blissfully happy for the long-separated demigods that have finally been reunited. Teasing remarks had been made, followed by a few playful whistles as the two seemed to have forgotten of their companions, their lips still pressed firmly yet innocently against each other. Then, there was Annabeth, whom silently stood at the side, watching the exchange with unfathomable emotions swirling in the depths of her stormy grey orbs, forcing a small smile to grace her lips in consideration of the moment. Maria had heard of maiden's tragic story that, for valid reasons, Maria could relate. A supposed blessing from the goddess of love crushed her future with the man she had come to love; a love that was, in the eyes of Perseus Jackson, a fabricated love forged from deceitful lies. The daughter of Athena viewed it in a different perspective with the reasoning that the memories which they have shared were nothing short of a part of the reality. But Percy Jackson could not, would not, return a false love. Not when one truly existed, though grasped too late, in the presence of the deceased son of Hades. Unlike the love that prevailed with Jason Grace and Piper McLean, Annabeth Chase loved no one else in her lifetime but the son of Poseidon. She had repetitively reasoned to herself that it was a hard lesson learnt and that she would not allow herself to experience such excruciating pain again, but Maria could see in those eyes – hauntingly identical to hers – that she was just as much irrevocably and unconditionally in love still with the son of Poseidon. Many years she had wasted, waiting with that faint hope of a love that was never to be returned. Seeing the reality playing before her eyes was shattering. " Welcome home," Nico had whispered when their lips parted, only a few centimeters from each other. "Welcome home, Percy." It was the way he said it, with that unwavering fondness and natural happiness reflecting ever so clearly in those usually guarded eyes that had Maria questioning if she had known what love was all along, underneath such descriptive words that she was forced to acknowledge all her life. Maria did not know the foundation of their love, and what makes it look and seem so special . She begun to question if hers was even one. Maria di Angelo had known Sally Blofis for as long as she and her husband had stayed with her and her son since their dwelling in Elysium. It was an arrangement upon the agreement that their sons would simply be inseparable come the time they were to reunite. It would not seem right if either were to give up their son to another household, thus the agreement of living under one household. It was odd in the beginning, trying to naturally progress day by day with a couple of strangers – as lovely as they were – in what was once occupied by her family alone. But, Sally had been a great companion, and in due time, living with the Blofis' couple had been nothing short of natural. Sally shared a fair deal of her precious son, reminiscing of days before he had been involved in the whole demigod ordeal. Percy had once been a troubled kid, Maria was displeased of that. But, to judge him would only make her a hypocrite as her children were just as much, if not a little more troubled. Nico had slight trouble adjusting to their presence, despite the motherly nature and overwhelming kindness and doting Sally showed him. It was not that it was unappreciated. The setting was simply… odd since it was admittedly like living with your in-laws . Not that either family would care to admit of it. Percy took the setting rather fairly well, not wanting to be separated from