Note: If you guys have yet to watch the actual movie and happened to read this, then please don't watch the movie yet. /sweatdrops/ If you have, please do not push your expectations high. This work might contain up to 4 chapters only. Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and its characters solely belong to Rick Riordan. This story can be found on Tumblr, and now, on AO3 as well as my other works. "Some people are destined to meet in unconventional ways, under unprecedented circumstances. Yet, every predestined meeting occur for a reason, and what comes of it is up to our own hands." "Let me ask you a series of rational questions. Now, I expect you to answer to each with complete honesty and certainty." There was nothing rational of the situation, yet he was fairly certain that he was highly obliged to accept the terms, regardless of his stand. "Ask away," he muttered. A willowy and winsome Italian man – adorning a pristine white long-sleeved shirt and fitting black pants – named Nico who was presumably close to his age of twenty-seven rested casually against a beige chaise adjacent to the queen-sized bed which he currently occupied. Under normal circumstances, indifference might have been his common response. However, given the circumstance by which the man was a short-tempered and wandering figment on some twisted corners of his imagination who claimed to own this supposedly gorgeous apartment he had rented, Jason was by all means rationally uneasy. The sheer fact that said figment of his imagination was by all means unnecessarily tormenting him while persistently insisting that he was an existent individual grated Jason's nerves relentlessly. An actual tangible individual was not supposed to appear and disappear conveniently; not when Jason ascertained of attaching locks to the front door once he got a hold of a few thereafter the first instance he met this apparition. How was he supposed to start on a clean slate when predicaments attached themselves to him like a plague? "Has your recent alcohol consumption increased?" Nico inquired, those deep dark brown eyes of his boring against Jason's resting frame. "I consume alcohol in moderation," Jason answered, his voice laced with the slightest hint of exasperation. "Are you hearing voices or seeing things that are not quite real?" Nico persisted, now standing up and pacing about the room with a speculative expression. "As a matter of fact, yes," was the remark, as Jason lifted the plush pillow from his head, dejectedly placing it onto the side before ruffling his blond locks. Nico nodded to himself at that as he stepped close to the bottom of the bed, causing the blond male to stiffen at the proximity that was far too close – despite the respectable distance – for his liking. "Well then, have you recently sought consult from a mental healthcare professional?" Nico pressed, eyes narrowing into slits, his expression scrunched up in deep thought. "What? How did you know that? Stay away from me," Jason blurted out, pressing back onto the headboard so as to get as much distance between himself and the Italian. "Do you often feel paranoid? Like people are out to get you?" "Why are you asking me so many questions?" was the exasperated reply. "I'll take that as a yes," Nico muttered to himself as he seated himself at the bottom of the bed, his expression seeming almost sympathetic, if not for the triumphant gleam on his eyes. His pale, thin lips parted once more, him speaking slowly and with weighed caution. "Listen to me. You may have fantasized quite convincingly that you rented an apartment that belongs to someone else." By then, Jason was absolutely prepared to chuck the pillow he had fisted on one of his hands onto the young man's features, regardless of how awfully alluring those winsome features were. Whether Nico was an apparition or a mere figment of his mind, the Italian has got to go. "I think you need to come to the facts that you are mentally ill," Nico drawled, eyes shifting down for a mere second to the parquet floor before meeting his electric blue eyes once more. "As you can see, this is my apartment." The Italian gestured at the entirety of the lavish room. "The pillow you are hogging is mine. Look under; there should be a stain on the cover from that one time I spilled pomegranate juice on it." Jason bothered to clarify it, and begrudgingly accepted that the apparition was speaking some truth. "These sheets you are soiling are from Oceanus' Beddings. I still have the receipt, first drawer on the nightstand. And that picture–" The Italian trailed off, staring at the mahogany table beside the bed, cluttered with cheap junk food packaging and a can of half-consumed beer, noting the distinct lack of the said picture. Jason cringed internally as those dark brown eyes bore onto his frame, a chilling glare fixated solely on him. "What did you do to my picture?" Nico demanded, voice dripping with venom as he arose from the bed, brushing his pants meticulously as if coming into contact with it – at least in the presence of the blond male – was unsanitary. "Look," Jason held up his hands as if to placate the furious man. "When I moved into this apartment – which I can vouch for with a couple of signed documents – there was no picture here whatsoever." "You know what, I can tolerate thinly your presence in my apartment, but you've gone too far with meddling with my personal items," Nico stated with vehemence, reaching for the house phone amongst the clutter on the table. "I'm calling the police." "Wait!" But as Nico reached for the phone, neither were spared from being flabbergasted when those thin, almost bony fingers slipped past through the device. There was a fleeting silence for a few seconds before a frustrated growl resounded through the room as the Italian tried to grasp the contraption once more, only to conclude upon the same results. "What did you do to my phone? Is this some kind of prank?" Jason planned to speak up, to finally explain to the young man that he was likely nothing more than an apparition, but he was cut off with a sharp response. "You know what? Forget it. I'm using the phone on the kitchen." When Nico stormed out of the room with a distinct lack of clacking noises from those expensive black shoes snapping against the parquet floor, Jason resigned once more underneath the covers of his – no, Nico's bed with high certainty that the Italian would leave him be for the rest of that night. Enduring the presence of another individual – an apparition at that – when all the blond male desired was to bask in isolation was unnecessarily draining him. When Jason Grace decided that it was of best interest to move from Washington D.C. to New York, sharing his residence with a mutually unwanted individual was never a part of his itinerary. When he decided to transfer to New York, it was with that belief that perhaps withdrawing himself from the prying presence of his and her family, and rejoining that functional and socializing world of his acquaintances might eventually provide him a dash at reality that would allow him to regain his bearings once more. But, no. He had unintentionally gnawed much of what his palate was capable of handling. The first time that he had interacted with Nico – last name of said individual remained as a matter of question – had been utterly disastrous on either side. Considering the importance of first impressions, Jason merely shuddered at the impression he provided of the young man when he had only been clad of boxers then, blond locks dishevelled and a great portion of his naked torso dripping wet then as he had just stepped out of the showers. The sudden jump scare of finding a stranger within his apartment, regardless of how winsome said stranger was, was adequate to cause Jason to spray the contents of the can of beer he had on one of his hands onto the parquet floor. To say that Nico had been pissed then was an understatement. Their conversation since then had consisted of nothing more than Nico persisting that the apartment was still his, and that the furniture that adorned it was entirely his. As much as Jason was intrigued that the Italian was highly knowledgeable of the furniture, listing it off from his head with a glint of pride in his eyes, it would take a whole lot more of interior décor knowledge to get Jason to believe his claim. At least, not when his real estate agent, a polite young lady by the name of Silena Beauregard, insisted with firm conviction that the apartment was uninhabited for almost three months before he occupied it. Jason questioned once of the motive for renting the apartment, but the agent simply responded with minimum details. "Family problems" and "tragic accident" slipped along the lines of the conversation, and when Jason decided to further investigate the matter just so as to pry the young man from this apartment, from his life, he was answered with the words of "a matter of confidentiality". Least to say, he was highly dissatisfied. It was not as if Nico was completely intolerable, though he did repetitively grated on Jason's nerves when their topic revolved of the claim on the apartment. He had paid a good fortune of it, and he was not about to let go of such a gorgeous residence. Nico was far from being completely intolerable, but with his state of mind, Jason simply cannot shoulder the burden of having to interact with another individual – much less an apparition. It was not Nico's fault. It was his for the most part. A dull ache stung his chest at the sheer reminder of his state. Before he could possibly dwell on it or have Nico barging into his room once more, Jason allowed for his eyelids to slip close, dreaming of no one and nothing in particular. "The power of Christ compels you! The power of Christ compels you!" The approach Jason took might be viewed as desperate, but with the apparition – he deemed it as so – that was of Nico who persisted that he was not about to leave the world of the living pushed him to take such desperate measure. "The power of Christ compels you!" Alright, maybe leaning more to absurdity than desperation. "He can't even see me," was the exasperated remark of Nico, glaring at the continuous shower of holy water against his parquet floor. "A little more to the left," Jason grumbled to the priest, his right hand copying that of the priest, but with much force and exaggeration, which the priest followed. "You're moping that up," Nico stated bluntly, turning away from the scene as he trudged towards the dining area, blatantly ignoring the frustrated noises that was emitting from Jason's lips. Calling a local priest might have been a bad idea in his book, if Jason were to ever categorize the list of bad ideas that he had in his lifetime, excluding those that he was a forced accomplice. But Jason was not mentally prepared of a local hotline that could possibly address wandering spirits. Ghost exterminators , Jason mused to himself as he moped the water from the floor once the priest saw himself off from his residence. A ghost exterminator hotline really would sound good right now. But as there was none of which, Jason settled for alternatives. "They're going to set off the smoke detector," Nico had breathed, sitting casually beside him as an old Chinese lady by the name of Grandma Zhang and some Chinese women roamed free around his residence with candle lights, performing a ceremony which Jason – for the life of him – could not