Pairing: Jason Grace/Nico di ANgelo & Implied Percabeth This is a male/male pairing fic. If the actual details that were posted on the summary isn't enough, then let me point it out here. Any unconstructive criticism would be deleted (Yes, the site has that function.) Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and its characters belong solely to Rick Riordan. This story is also available on Tumblr. Naturally Broken It is in isolation that we realize Just how broken we truly are The physical attributes which molded them uniquely to their own individualities was what would immediately set them apart under the critical eyes of a mere stranger. It was like a glaring contrast of heaven and earth, darkness and light, or whichever common comparisons there ever existed. Yet, for some odd reason unbeknownst to many – or perhaps accepted along the cliché phrase that Opposites attract – these contrasting individuals were glued to each other by the hip, which the younger of the two would vehemently deny. In the unchanging setting of crowded hallways and plastered posters and so much more that was the stereotypical image of high school, it was considered a questionable phenomenon – as the smart kids dubbed it – how their friendship worked. Jason Grace and Nico di Angelo. Jason Grace was that perfect, almost flawless, depiction of a high school jock. Undeniably winsome with his tidy, military-cropped blond hair and electric blue irises that seemed to gleam ever the more brightly under the fluorescent lights, none could resist – closeted male students and female students alike – of his natural charm. He had a muscled and toned physique, giving him the impression of being a modern day Adonis. If his physique was not of any good indication, then the female population flocking about him as if he were a prized jewelry would do so otherwise. Contradictory to popular belief and first impressions, Jason Grace was not one with the 'I look like a jock so I am naturally a bully' crowd. He lived peacefully by treating every individual equally. Despite the jealousy of many unnamed students, none would dare to harm the school's Golden Boy , dubbed thee by the cheerleading team. Frankly put, Jason Grace was a ray of sunlight. Placed next to Nico di Angelo, Nico would be, in the simplest of terms, like the Grim Reaper. If there was one thing that the student body of Olympus High knew of the teen, it was the excessive color of black that he adorned his lean frame. It was an everyday sight to see him clad in black clothing with skeletal designs, with his disheveled, jet-black curls framing the pale skin of his face. Thin lips were almost always pale with the barely noticeable tinge of pink in them, and even with the glaring intensity of the fluorescent lights, his cold dark brown eyes appeared black. Nico di Angelo, just as well, was one who tended to isolate himself from everybody. None, perhaps except Jason Grace, could ever track the younger teen's whereabouts, and even that would take a long while. Another thing that set them apart was that, unlike Jason 'Golden Boy' Grace, Nico di Angelo was the main target of the bully crowd for many reasons. Not only was he an easy target, he was Jason Grace's so-called – just because Jason declared it – best friend, and nothing sets the golden boy off than knowing that the younger teen was being harmed in any form. In the budding stage of their friendship, many had tried to convince the blond teen to forget about the other, claiming that it was fruitless or a bad idea and many others which the blond simply ignored. His friend, a Latino by the name of Leo Valdez, even teased him for it, claiming that Nico di Angelo was his personal highway to hell . Jason begged to differ. Nico was not his highway to hell. In Jason's mind, he was already there since the start of high school and was just hitching a ride in some skull car that Nico owned – in Jason's mind – to get there with style. Either way, none of their words deterred him, and judging by him being stubborn-minded, they had come to expect it. The process took a long while, months actually, to get the infamous – just because people spread false yet bad rumours – Nico di Angelo to accept that he was not going anywhere, and a couple more before the younger teen to confide details of his past and present life to him. Come sophomore year, they were practically inseparable – well, Jason was inseparable from the younger teen. Even within Jason's circle of friends, it was always Nico di Angelo whom, though begrudgingly on the latter's part, would hold his attention completely. It was always Nico whom he would stick close to, and it was always Nico, and Nico, and Nico . It was just an odd friendship, many concluded as they turned blind eyes on the duo. Though equally, there were frequent jealous or snide remarks that claimed otherwise. At least, on Nico di Angelo's part. And Jason would have neglected them, if not for how severely true the comments were – in general, that is – and how it always affected the younger teen when an insensitive comment would come his way. It was one of Nico's confessions – that he undeniably held no attraction to the female population. Nico would not classify himself with names, and Jason knew extremely well how any classification would severely cost him their friendship. It was a confession that Nico had blurted out during the rare occasions that he opened up to the blond male, shortly after Annabeth Chase – that perfect female persona of beauty and brains – finally succumbed to one Percy Jackson's pleading of her to date him. Nico had always been attracted to all-around nice guy, Percy. What had started out as a crush had slowly developed into something more that made Nico condemn himself. It was something he had expected, yet when the reality sunk into his mind, nothing could have prepared him for the excruciating pain that followed. And Jason was the one to see through his almost impenetrable façade of indifference, was the one to see through the cracks of his forced smile. It was the first time in his life that Jason had seen Nico di Angelo cry. The younger teen admitted, he had never cried ever since the death of his mother and elder sister in a car accident or when his father decided to abandon their household to forget and just sent him a monthly sum for him to get by until he was to work. Yet, with the bottled emotions that he was forced to endure for a long period of time and the raw, acidic burn to his soul that was of the unattainable Percy Jackson, he allowed for his walls to crumble just enough for Jason to peek through and see how broken the teen was. On that night, Nico had silently wept himself within the Jason's arms, for once not protesting of the close proximity or the contact of their skin. And Jason was simply there, murmuring assurances that he so desperately needed like air for years, and stroking his hair in a gesture of comfort. It was something that Jason had never done for anyone, and possibly would never do for anyone else aside from Nico. It was also that night which haunted Jason's existence ever since, plaguing him with months of thoughts concerning the sleeping teen. Was it odd that, despite the fresh tear streaks adorning those pale yet soft cheeks, Nico di Angelo appeared stunningly beautiful and delicate in his eyes? Was it odd that, despite having Percy Jackson as one of his closest friend, he had an irrational desire to exclude the teen from Nico's life? Many would believe that Jason Grace, out of his friendly disposition, decided to befriend Nico di Angelo solely out of his nature. But, Jason knew better. It was undeniable. From the moment he allowed himself to indulge with what was merely sheer interest at first for the younger teen, to the moment that he began noting physical details such as how Nico's eyes were of the darkest shade of brown that he had ever seen and seemingly like molten ores on some rare occasions, that Jason realized that he was getting in too deep for his emotions to lead to just casual friendship. No. Nico was a broken part of him that he was trying to piece back in the fragments of his own broken soul. Nico was what solely mattered to him more than anything else he had ever cherished. And Jason would be damned if anything were to break Nico further apart. At a young age, Nico di Angelo resigned to fate of the fact that he was doomed to be alone for the rest of his life at such a young age. When two of the most important people in his life left him behind eternally and when his father had walked out on him in his devastation and grief, it was then did young Nico first tasted what isolation was. It drove him to the brink of insanity, teetering countless of times over the edge, waiting for the slightest of push to cast him off to where he might never return from. Yet, that did not happen. He had learnt how to cope with the empty house, of purposeless mornings and meaningless nights, of a robotic cycle of just breathing and leaving without a purpose in mind. Never did he allowed for himself to shed anymore tears. Living one day at a time, he had slowly grown to feel once more of the littlest of things. And soon came the budding emotions of love. The circumstances by which he met his first love was nothing but cliché, yet delivered nothing short of what emotions being in love was supposed to be. Amidst the relentless fists that pummelled his battered frame, his saviour gallantly defended his wounded being by fighting off those that had damaged him. Cliché, yes, that he had fallen for a person he knew nothing of, but that person whom had saved him from his bullies had sparked a glimmer of life within him he did not know still existed. Though the teen had saved him once and forgotten his existence so shortly after, Nico never forgot of him, and it was with a budding interest that he decided to find out whom this person was. Perseus Jackson. Even his name, Nico mused, was of a heroic individual. The teen was a member of the school's swim team, from what he heard, and was extremely talented in that field. Many people adored the all-around nice guy, and that was truly expected. Standing on the side-lines, he observed the object of his interest from time to time, getting to know the individual from mere observations alone. It was enough, Nico would convince himself. It was not as if he ever had the chance. Yet, with every smile he caught that graced those thin lips, Nico could feel his heart stutter a little. It was a few months into living once more that he had met Jason Grace in one of his pathetic moments of being the school jocks' punching bag. Close to passing out, the blond teen was simply at the right place at the right time, and defended him. He remembered his last thoughts being, He looks like a blond Superman , before passing out, his eyes hazily making out the outline of a hand reaching out towards him. By the time he regained his consciousness, he found a pair of bedazzling electric blue eyes staring dazedly at him, oddly as if the owner was entranced, before Jason informed the teen that he was in the school infirmary. He did