Olivia Thomas: The Witch's Curse Chapter 1 OLIVIA So, hi. My name's Olivia. I'm in seventh grade. 12 years old. This is the story of how I almost died. A lot. Let me set the scene. May 5, 2014. 9:46 A.M. My class was heading to the gymnasium, which had been all tricked out, but it still smelled strongly of dirty socks. We were getting our pictures taken before summer, so our relatives could drool over our pictures and tell us how great we looked, blah blah blah. My friend Jessica and I were walking together, probably talking about something stupid. I had my long, straight, brown hair down my back, which felt weird because I usually had it pulled back in a braid that rested on my shoulder. I was wearing a new pink dress that my dad had bought me for pictures. My deep blue eyes shimmered in the hallway lights as we walked towards the gymnasium. Jessica had her black, curly hair over her shoulders, and her amber eyes glinted. She was wearing her gorgeous smile, as always. She had dark skin that matched beautifully with her brown sweater and skirt. Our teacher, Mrs. Clarion, was an ugly woman. She had teeth that were always looking at you, no matter where you approached her. A disgusting rat's nest that she called hair was pulled hastily into a bun. She liked to get kids in trouble for fun. She was the most terrible person I had ever met, but that was about to change. As we entered the gymnasium, we saw the sixth graders exiting. I smiled at some of them to be friendly. Jess gave them high-fives. We were standing in line from shortest to tallest. Jess was only a bit taller than me, so she was right behind me. We were both a bit farther back from the middle. I'll be honest. I was excited. Most of the kids think pictures are a nuisance, but I love them. Jess leaned toward me. "That photographer looks sort of strange," she whispered. I was about to yell at her for being rude, but then I saw him. She was right. I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but something about him was seriously off-putting. "Next!" he screeched in an accent I could only assume was German. I walked toward where I was supposed to be standing. He walked up to reposition me. He turned me toward the camera, then moved my face, too. A chill went down my spine. I started to freak out a bit. Now I knew there was something wrong. As he walked back to the camera, I saw a forked tongue, like a snake's, come out of his mouth. I looked around to see if anyone noticed. Jess had turned completely pale. She had noticed . I heard him mutter something. I couldn't understand the language, but I instantly recognized it. Ancient Greek. He went to take the picture. I don't know what went through my mind, but I sidestepped just as I heard the shutter go click. I was glad I had. A puff of fire burst out of the lens toward where I was standing, incinerating the backdrop behind me. " Curses !" he yelled in a distorted voice. " I WILL HAVE YOU, HALF-BLOOD!" He uttered a bloodcurdling scream and his body started morphing. His face transformed into that of a venomous snake. His body became that of a lizard's, but he stood on two legs. His warm brown eyes turned a shade of gold, and they were filled with hate. Seventh graders burst out of the gym, even the teachers and other photographers did. I bolted to the door and turned to Jess, but she was too stunned to move. I tried to distract the monster, but I had nothing to protect myself with. I grabbed my hairbrush out of my bag and threw it at Jess. It hit her in the head, which I felt bad about, but it woke her up too. "Olivia!" Her voice was filled with urgency. I tried to calm her down. "It's okay, I have it distracted. Escape while you can!" "It doesn't care about me! It wants you!" She waved her hand and a huge tree root burst through the window and picked up Sir Chomps-a-Lot before he could harm me. I sprinted toward Jess and she tossed me a dagger. It was the color of copper, and seemed to give off a faint glow. I was about to ask her about it and how she uprooted a tree to save me from becoming a chew toy, but we had bigger issues. The "photographer" had clawed his way out of the root. "Behind you!" Jess screamed. I turned and cut the monster down his ribs. He began spewing a purple fluid, which I could only assume was blood. Jess unsheathed a sword, which was the same coppery color as my dagger. She slashed at the monster's back. He didn't care about Jess. He went for me, and scraped me down the back with his eagle-like talons. I was angry now. I turned to him and stabbed him in the heart. He let out a loud roar, fell to the floor, and disappeared in a puff of smoke. And just as quickly as it had started, it was over. Chapter 2 OLIVIA One of the teachers had pulled the fire alarm, which I think didn't do the man-eating venomous snake man justice, but alright. Jess walked me back to my apartment. "Hey, quick question," I began. "Shoot," she said as if nothing had happened. "Um," I didn't know where to begin. "What's up with the tree breaking through the window thing?" "It was a tree root ." "Same difference." Jess stopped and looked at me genuinely. "I don't know if I should be the one telling you that." I was about to ask her what the heck she meant by that, but she picked up the pace and I had to jog to keep up with her. When we reached my apartment (we lived in New York City), my big brother, Tyler, was already home from school. My brother was 14 years old. He had deep blue eyes like mine. We both shared our father's brown hair, but Tyler's was a bit darker than mine, and his was curly, while mine was straight. He had a stern face, but a wonderful personality. He wore a blue t-shirt and gray skinny jeans. He looked beaten up, like me. "Whoa," I said, shocked. "What happened to you?" "Werewolf. You?" "Man-eating lizard," Jess replied. They both spoke in a tone like this happened every day, which made me more confused. "Tyler? Olivia?" we heard a voice ask from down the hall. "Dad!" I replied. "I have the craziest story! Jess and I were attacked by a photographer who turned into a-" "Olivia, stop," my dad interrupted me. He entered the room we were in. His brown hair was combed neatly. He had a friendly handlebar moustache, which reflected his upbeat personality. He looked at us worried, with his kind brown eyes. He had a cute sweater vest on, which, paired with his moustache, made him look more like a teddy bear than a sophisticated business man. "Olivia!" he yelled, disregarding my brother. "What happened?!" Before I could answer, Jess cut in. "Um, Mr. Thomas," she started. "I think it's time we tell her." He nodded. I was appalled. I couldn't believe my best friend was keeping secrets with my dad . "Olivia," my dad began. "You know about the Greek gods, right?" I nodded. "Well…" he said awkwardly. "Sometimes, they come to Earth and they have children with mortals." I was a bit scared to know where this was going. "You and Tyler are demigods. Half-bloods." That's when it hit me. The photographer had called me half-blood. His talons would've killed any normal mortal. I looked at Tyler. He nodded. He knew?! "I wanted to tell you when you turned 13, like I did Tyler," my dad explained. I looked at him puzzlingly. "So, who's our mom?" I didn't know why, but he looked hesitant to say anything. I glanced at Tyler and I could tell. He didn't know either. "I think you'll figure that out on your own," he said with a genuine smile. "Hold up," I turned to Jess. "Tell me about the tree root." "Tree root?" Tyler said, confused. "Well," Jess started. "My mom is Demeter." "Goddess of the harvest," I finished. "Exactly." I never really thought about it, but I never saw Jess' mom either. "Olivia, Tyler, Jessica. Let's go for a little car ride. I have a summer camp I want to show you." Chapter 3 OLIVIA Jess had called up her dad using our telephone while I changed into something more adventure-y. I pulled on a pair of jeans, and a pink t-shirt. I tied my hair into a braid and it fell on my right shoulder. Jess had some spare clothes in her book bag, probably for a situation like this. She now wore a black t-shirt and shorts. "Hey guys," my dad warned. "Be careful about using phones and electronics. It attracts monsters like crazy." We all piled into the car, and we were off. We entered Manhattan, but only as a path. We didn't stop and stay there. Eventually we made it to a forest path. It looked remote, but I trusted my dad. He obviously knew where we were going. We pulled up and stopped in front of a sign. At first I couldn't read it because of my dyslexia, but I eventually decoded the words "Camp Half-Blood." "Here we are," my dad announced. We all got out of the car and Jess inhaled. "Smell that?" she asked. "Smells like a campfire." We all inhaled through our noses. She was right. It was getting a bit late, so a campfire made sense. "Listen," my dad told us. "I can't go into Camp Half-Blood. There's a barrier that keeps mortals out." "Don't worry," Tyler said. "I'll take care of little sis." He rustled my hair. "Stop!" I yelled "You'll mess it up!" My dad smiled. "Be safe." He hugged us all, even Jess. I watched his car drive away and wondered what was going to happen next. The three of us strolled into the camp and immediately were caught off guard. There were two men talking right near the entrance. One was a short, stout little man with black, curly hair and a goatee, and the other had long, curly brown hair and a beard. The black-haired man looked normal enough, but the other one… He was normal from the waist up. But the waist down, he was a magnificent stallion, white as snow, with speckles of dirt near his hooves. A centaur. I screamed and would've thrown my hairbrush at him in pure fear if I hadn't lost it to an oversized reptile. The black-haired man noticed us and whispered to the centaur. They both walked, or… galloped, toward us. "Hello, young half-bloods!" the centaur said. "My name is Chiron. Welcome to Camp Half-Blood! This is my associate, Dionysus." I looked down at what Dionysus was holding. What was the god of wine doing with a can of soda? Tyler suppressed a laugh. "The god of Diet Coke?" Dionysus glared at him. "Shush, fool boy." He threw the can at him. "You may call me Mr. D for short, I suppose. Dionysus really is tiresome to say, isn't it?" "Oh come now, Dionysus. We really should introduce these new campers to their cabins." Chiron said. "You go," Mr. D argued. "I'm a bit pooped at the moment." We left him there, on a lawn chair, sipping a Diet Coke. I couldn't help smiling at seeing a little man just enjoying life. There are 20 cabins in Camp-Half Blood, all making a U around the center. The