WE HAVE EACH OTHER Rating: T for a minor suggestion of a sexual situation. Trigger warnings and/or spoilers: Description of nightmares, PTSD. Written for "The Everlark Games" by fyeah-everlark, Round 1 Battle 6. With huge thanks to the lovely titania522 for her beta work and her kindness. You're awesome, girl! She can't pinpoint exactly what stirs the thought. Maybe it's the kids playing on the corner by the bakery. Maybe it's Sae's great-grandson kicking around a ball through Victor's Village when she comes for a visit, or the little girl at the fair giggling as her parents swing her back and forth on their arms. Maybe it's how the air seems lighter with kids' laughter when a couple of them come to play with Haymitch's geese before he shoos them away. She feels that thing again, that thing she's been feeling so often for the past fifteen years, that happiness is something palpable and real and good. And when the silver eyes of her mentor meet her own and a smirk lifts up the corner of his lips, she realizes he sees it in her. As always, he knows her too well. But she doesn't tell Peeta right away. She has to be sure of this. It can't be a quick impulsive decision she has at the moment. It has to be tasted, mulled over bit by bit, again and again, until she's sure. Because besides the warmth that grows deep in her belly every Saturday when a little blond boy that remembers her so much of Peeta smears cupcake frosting all over his face, she still feels scared. One night, when she has her mind set on talking to Peeta the following day, she has a nightmare with Snow's poisonous fangs sinking down on her stomach, taking the life of her would-be-child away, as Coin plays videos of Prim's death repeatedly, telling her every mean thing she would do to her children if she ever decided to breed again. She wakes up screaming, and Peeta is there, kissing her, telling her everything will be okay. However, she doesn't recover from this nightmare easily. It stays with her throughout that morning, and the remainder of the day, and the entire following week. She changes her mind. Of course she does! Who would want to raise a child in a world so full of hatred? Who would want to raise a child in a world where the Hunger Games existed, where humans are so unpredictable, when there was a time death and misery overcame peace? She doesn't. Then about a month later, a letter from Annie arrives with two pictures. The first one is an image of little baby Finn wrapped up in a blanket, probably still born, yawning. The other is him now, full grown up on his sixteen years old and much taller than Annie, sitting on her lap and hugging her with a bright smile on his face, looking so much like Finnick that Katniss's eyes water. In the letter, Annie describes how crazy of a journey has been watching her son grew up, how much he reminds him of her husband, how much she's grateful for this last piece of happiness Finnick brought to her world before passing away. And she vows to visit soon. It's like the words are made just for Katniss. Because if Annie, the poor mad girl from District 4, who has lost the love of her life in the war, was able to make it, why couldn't Katniss? She has Peeta, sweet and kind Peeta who would never force her to have children despite desiring them himself, right there, beside her, ready to take on the duty together… All the problems seem so small in comparison. At night, he's lying on their bed, shirtless, a book in hand, when she tells him point-blank. "I want to have a baby." Peeta stares at her, the book tumbling onto the floor, his face one of shocked amusement. "With me?" he mumbles, awestruck. Katniss roll her eyes. "Do you see another hot baker whose been married to me for the last fifteen years around here?" His mouth still hangs open and he rearranges himself in bed before replying to her. "I'm sorry. You just- you caught me off guard." "I know." "And I mean… After all this time, all the talks we had, I thought you would never-" "I know," she says guiltily, her eyebrows picking up, her lips quivering. "How did you? I mean- what changed your mind?" he asks. She comes closer, picking up the book from the ground and putting it on the bedside table. She sits on the edge of the bed, her thighs brushing his slightly. "I think… there's no reason not to," she muses, playing with the hem of her nightgown. "I'm still scared, I think I'll never not be, but I want it. And, you've always wanted them so much." "Katniss," he whispers softly, and his hand goes up to cup her face and make her look at him. "Yes, I've always wanted them. But, I know how you feel and I'd never feel comfortable knowing that I somehow pressured you into-" She shakes her head, cutting him off, "It's not only about that. Of course I want them because of you, too… But mostly I want them for me, for both of us. Sometimes I feel like this house is too empty with just the two of us here. And, I don't know, a kid... Maybe it would bring some much needed joy around here, don't you think?" He smiles at her, his hand going back to the nape of her neck. "I think I'm already perfectly happy here with my wife," he says, and she scowls a little, her signature expression, before Peeta takes the frown away with a kiss to her forehead. "And nothing would make me happier than to have a child with her." "Really?" Katniss asks, a smile spreading on her lips. "So you think we should try?" "Yes, we should definitely try," he states, leaning in to press his lips against hers. "Actually, I think we should try right now." And as Peeta pulls her to his lap, kissing all the places his lips can find – her jaw, nose, cheekbone, chin, neck, throat, eyelids – and sending her into a fit of giggles that grows into hunger when their mouths connect, she's sure she made the right decision. She wants to surprise him, so she seals the kitchen drawer shut and begins to make dinner. Usually, she waits for him to start it, but not today. Today she's doing it all by herself. She didn't have any time to catch fresh game, having to settle with buying butcher meat in town. It hurts her ego a little bit, so she decides to do everything she can to make up for it. She cuts the meat in small cubs and mix the spices. Then, she chops carrots and potatoes while the onion and garlic braise. After, she adds it all to the pot along with two cups of water, putting the lid over it so it cooks. Haymitch isn't coming tonight. She warned him not to, or it would be his meat on the pot, and even if he's not that afraid of her, he knows better than to get on her bad side. She sets the table for two. Even catches a flower from the side of their house and puts it in a jar with some water to garnish the table. Because even though it still hurts she wants a part of her family to be present on this moment, and she feels particularly good today that it doesn't get her down, but rather lifts her spirit. After all, her family is growing. After six months of trying and failing, they have given up. It wasn't supposed to be, not in that moment, so they stopped trying so much. It was hard seeing the expectation dying in Peeta's eyes and how he blamed himself, thought that he wasn't doing enough, that he wasn't enough. But, like everything else, they got through it together. When she woke up sick in the middle of the week, she thought it was probably something she ate at Sae's the other night. Thursday it happened again, though, and she was annoyed, because she couldn't possibly be getting the flu in the middle of spring. But no other symptoms came along, so maybe it was just her body getting rid of all the greasy and heavy food from Sae's. When Friday rolled up and her sickness woke her up again, and an unusual fatigue kept her in bed, she was sure something was wrong. Peeta offered to stay with her, to walk her to the hospital, but he had things to do and a business to run, so she shooed him away with promises of getting some rest and not exhaust herself too much. Earlier today, she made up her mind about going to the hospital. After her morning routine of puking, showering and brushing her teeth, she put on her clothes and walked over to the hospital with nothing but a troubled stomach. She got back with an envelope on her hands and a big smile on her face. It was hard not to run into the bakery right away to tell Peeta, but she decided to savor this little moment and make it special. Peeta deserves it. They both do. In the time it takes to cook the stew, she showers and get dressed. She goes for a light orange sundress that is similar to Peeta's favorite color and braids her hair, trying to make it look as if it's just another casual dinner at their house. She's back to the kitchen tasting the broth when she hears Peeta shutting the front door closed. "Hey," she greets, looking over her shoulder to get a glimpse of him. He walks inside the kitchen carrying a bag with the bakery stamp on it and his white t-shirt clinging to him with sweat makes Katniss's stomach revolve in a different way than the sickness does. "Hey, beautiful," he says, a smile on his face. He drops the bag on the table and nods appreciatively as he takes in the dinner for two set, and then again, when he notices her dress. "Uh, did I forget a special date or something?" He asks, wrapping her arms around her and peeking over her shoulder to see what she's making. She shakes her head and takes in a breath before lying to him, "No. I just felt better and thought we should have a nice dinner together." "Hmmmm," he mumbles as he drops a kiss to her forehead and then takes her lips on his. "I like this idea. And also, this dress." His hands come down to pull the hem up, but she stops him, her hands going over his. "Hold on, tiger," she whispers, brushing her lips against his. "Dinner first." His face falls, just a little bit, and then he's running his nose on the side of her neck. "Then you need to give me something to do." "Okay," she sighs, trying to think back to her plan before he distracts her further. "Huh, I think I didn't finish setting the table up. Could you do that for me?" "Sure" he agrees, kissing her cheek before letting go of her. She tries to act nonchalant while he moves around the kitchen, like she's not paying attention to what he's doing. He grabs a basket from the cabinet and drops the breads from the bakery bag in it, putting it on the table. Then, he looks over it, until something clicks in his mind and he goes for the kitchen drawer, searching for the silverware Katniss purposely forgot to get. She sucks in a breath and turns the stove off when he opens it, the white envelope falling