Prologue I never found peace in the ending for Frodo Baggins. It does not matter how wonderful, serene, peaceful or beautiful Aman is in our imaginations. To me the completion of life is to have love, to have family, to have children. To feel the joy of watching them grow and to grow old and die in peace knowing you live on in the loving hearts of those you hold to be dear. Frodo could never have that. Being a Hobbit, there was no possibility of finding love in the Blessed Realm. And he was so young, so honorable, so deserving! He had Bilbo for a while. Even Tolkien said, "– it is difficult to imagine a hobbit, even one who had been through Frodo's experiences, being really happy even in an earthly paradise without a companion of his own kind, and Bilbo was the person that Frodo most loved."1 But Bilbo would not live for long. He was already older than any Hobbit had lived. After he was gone, Frodo would be among Gandalf and many wonderful, loving and caring elves, but he would be the lone hobbit, the lone halfling, with no one to touch, to feel, to hold. I see him healing, living peacefully, but not entirely happy and lonely. So there I was, writing him a happy ending just to give myself peace. But in doing so I ran into many problems making it all mesh accurately with the story as Tolkien wrote it. And then there was the issue of personalities and how a relationship would actually work, with the trauma he had been through and was still experiencing. In a letter, Tolkien said, "- it was not only nightmare memories of the past horrors that afflicted him, but also unreasoning self-reproach; he saw himself and all that he done as a broken failure."2 The blackened temptations and desire still haunted him as he entered the ship. As I worked it all out, I began to relish the magic of Tolkien, writing more and more until it all seemed to fall into place. My pleasure in writing this was so engrossing, I could not stop and in my imagination, the story began to grow with the end result as in the pages you are about to read. I am not sure if this story will hold true to the dear departed Professor. I tried to follow the timelines and history as closely as possible using details from both book and movie depending on the circumstances and my own personal preferences. Frodo ends up going through a bit more pain to reach his ultimate happiness, but he got there. And now this story has finally given me peace and contentment so I myself can go on… to other things like the Sil, Unfinished Tales and The Letters of Tolkien. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it. 1,2 From a letter to Mrs. Eileen Elgar September 1963 Chapter 1 The Colter Elves They were of the first born, immortal Elves, gifted with beauty and wisdom but tiny with a variation of delight from Ilúvatar's eyes. Colter Elves, they called themselves although all other races of Elves may object to the later part since they are so different. For they are small, unshod and merry like Hobbits; though they did not have large furry feet and kept a slimmer shape. They began among the Teleri, the Halladur as they called the tall Elves, by the waters of Cuivienen. Their size made them extremely shy around the Halladur, feeling intimidated and unimportant. But they did not leave, for the dark mist of Morgoth had already shadowed the land and they were afraid; hiding much of the time. And it was said that in this time, Ilúvatar's heart was filled with empathy so he gifted them with the powers and skills to be stealthy and furtive and they were called Dolenedhil, (the Hidden Elves) but Colter they called themselves. Now there came a time when Orome, the Vala came upon the first born and great friendship was bonded even with the Colters. And as is told in other tales the Elves followed Orome, seeking safety in the west on the pilgrimage to reach Aman. But the journey was difficult and fear and weariness of travel stayed the Colters early, for in their small stature, it was difficult to keep up and tragedy had come to a few of them in crossing the great river. They left the march of the Teleri east of the Misty's and settled in a land they came to love; safe and content in the shadow of the mountains, sustained by the abundance of the river. Soon they were forgotten by all who knew of them. They built a home naming it Carasdolen, (the Hidden City) where they were to remain for many a long age governed by a council of Elders who maintained their position according to age. History and stories were passed down, from generation to generation but they didn't keep any concept of time other than to prepare for the seasons and they recorded nothing on scrolls or in books. They dwelt in their city southwest of the forest of Mirkwood near the western banks of the Great River between the Gladden Fields and Lorien. And for a long time, they lived in peace and safety for Morgoth had abandoned these lands for a time to bring his grief upon other races in Beleriand as is told in other tales. But with memory of the terror that held them and with foresight of evil to come, they practiced their skills of stealth in readiness. Using the powers with which they were endowed, they placed protection about the city, in a circle of trees for the austere days to come. Outsiders simply could not stumble into Carasdolen, or even find it if they tried for it was built with such care that all creatures even the animals of the region would go far around and never through, never seeing or hearing the life that went on inside. For that was their only defense, to be stealthy, quiet and unnoticed and some may say there was an air of mystery and majesty about the city. Then came the time when in the changing of the world, evil fled to these lands and the terror returned. Many years of fear and wariness blew upon them. The wild land became full of evil men with creatures such as Easterlings, Orcs, Trolls and wolves; the Colter Elves were not immune to tragedy and at times they faltered. Some were lost and their numbers dwindled, but the city remained hidden and they held their luck. Then hope was kindled as a massive movement of troops marched down the great river to the blackish skies of the Southeast. Men there were and Elves. Glorious they looked in their valiant armor with mighty weapons in hand and in scabbard, their faces grim and determined. And as they marched, their footsteps fell as thunder. The Colters watched from hiding some longing to join them. But peace did not come quickly and their hope faltered as four seasons later a Colter hunter reported seeing the fall of a great King as he was ambushed on the banks of the mighty river. Their fear continued, though in time it lessened until finally all was quiet for many a season. Now in that time they planned their journey to the havens, but it was a long trek and the memory of their first journey faded under their desire to stay, for their love of home and the river was great. They were content to remain within their own realm for all of life only to go outside for food and supplies as needed. The children of the Colter Elves were kept inside Carasdolen for most of their childhood. They spent much time being taught crafts, but the skills of being unseen were the main focus although much of it came naturally. It wasn't until they were of an age of responsibility that they were slowly allowed to journey outside beginning with the hunters who were entirely male and then those that fished and gathered, both male and female. This was their way of life and their stealthy manner enabled them to remain unknown for so long. For the most part, this was their accepted lifestyle and in spite of it all, they were a happy people. But change was certain to come, and with it good and evil. Meli stepped out from the trees and saw for the first time the great river her father had spoken of all her childhood. The water was clear but deep and had been partially blocked in this spot creating a great pool with several falls coming and going. The trees were very thick in this area on the banks, but they left a small bit of grassy shore making the place seem to her like a paradise. If one looked closely and deeply enough one could see the Mafer fish that her father often brought home to the table. She could taste the sweet smoky flavor just by the thought of their name. How she had yearned to come to this place for so long, since she had that dream when she was very young. It was short, just of swimming in a great pool. Not much was seen of the surroundings, just the water. But it lit a fire in her for the love of water, and she longed for the day she came of age when she would be at last permitted to leave her hidden home and go with her Father to the river. She was Melanna, named for 'love's gift' but they called her Meli. She was the daughter of Geren and Linanna, who were not high Elves, but held a respectable position among the elders. They were a simple family who worked hard and enjoyed life and each other. Linanna, who held exceptional beauty, had been offered marriage to the highest Elder. But she followed her heart and married for love, and soon came Melanna, the delight of their eyes. Geren was an adoring father, but a stern teacher with a quiet manner. It was his patience that was tested most often with Meli, for she had an unquenchable desire to learn the history of her people, which of course no one really cared for or could recall. She was most like her Mother in looks, favoring her almost identically, but not as beautifully for she had more of an earthly air about her. Still she was pleasant to look upon with long, dark brown curly hair. Each strand had a mind of its own and her Mother constantly tried to put it back into place. Her eyes were large and round with deep hues in their color of brown and when she smiled there was a cute sweetness within their depths. And she had won from her father the deepest dimples, one in each cheek. As an only child, they gave much attention to Meli, but it only spoiled her a little for her nature was sweet and kind. There weren't many Elves of Meli's age, and not any that she was ever close to, for she had always been painfully shy with the others, more than was natural for even a Colter Elf. Although her sweetness won her some attention, she was uncomfortable with it and sought the loneliness of solitude and it eventually became familiar and comfortable. The other Elves thought highly of her with great respect of her shyness, but all held a bit of frustration for they wanted to know her better. Especially young Giliath. He had visions of marrying her someday. His eye had been on her all their lives and his love for her was even deeper than he knew himself. He was the son of the highest Elder of the