Hey here's my other wonderful story!!! I own nothing, but the plot to my stories!!! Please check out my other story: The Cullen Brothers, and my Beta's, Twilightmommyof4girls: Searching and Interview With a Vampire (I am co-authoring) 888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888 MARITAL BLISS : Alice and Bella are best friends. Alice is engaged to Jasper. Bella is engaged to Jacob. (But she still holds a flame for Edward, Alice's brother) I want to give you some back ground on the story besides what you read above. The first chapter is going to start off with Rose's and Emmett's rehearsal dinner. They are getting married tomorrow. Alice is the Maid of Honor since she is Emmett's younger sister. Bella is a bridesmaid, the best man is Jasper Hale, who is Alice's fiancé, and Rose's brother. The other groomsman is non other than Edward Cullen, Alice's twin brother and ex-best friend to Bella(also her first crush that she has never been able to get fully over, even though she would never admit to anyone- especially herself). Bella just got engaged to Jacob Black. The two of them have been together for over 5 years. The story takes place in New York City. I will be doing multiple points of view, but mainly it will be in Bella's. Chapter 1-Rehearsal What in the hell was I thinking? I mean seriously. Maybe I had fallen one too many times and had brain damage? That would be the only possible reason that I would have agreed to be in this darn wedding. I was going to be a bridesmaid for two of my very close friends, Rose and Emmett. I had been friends with Rose, since I was in junior high. I happened to be in a fight with this total bitch, Jessica Stanley, when she had the nerve to dump her soda all over my hair and that is when Rose stepped in. Rose had my back then and every day since. Emmett was the big brother I never had and wished I did. I had the opportunity to live the full Emmett experience, since I had grown up with him being that his family lived next door to mine. He was Alice's oldest brother and two years older, giving him the unwarranted idea that he was my self appointed protector even since a very young age. Lets move onto my best friend for as long as I could remember, Alice Cullen. She and I are as close as sisters. She was my other half, always had been there for me. Be it a yin and yang sort of thing. Even though we are total opposites, we complement each other perfectly. Alice was hardly 5' tall. I was 5'8". She had short, black spiky hair. I had long, slightly curly, brown hair. She was graceful, I can hardly walk across a flat surface without tripping over my feet and falling on my face. Alice was confident, outgoing, and very pushy, whereas I was more reserved and laid back. She was absolutely beautiful with all of her petite features, while I was very plain in comparison. The two of us had been partner's in crime since we were in diapers, literally. She was a famous, up-and-coming fashion designer, and I was currently a senior book editor at a large publishing company, here in New York, Cullen Publication's (it was Emmett's, Alice's, and Edward's grandfather's and then passed down to them after his death about three years ago). Now onto Edward, where do I begin? He was Alice's twin brother, so needless to say, that I had grown up with him. I think in away, I started having feelings for him beginning in elementary school. Besides Alice, he was my other best friend. The three of us were usually inseparable back then. The feelings that I had started to develop into something more when we went to high school. I had always thought that he was cute. Not cute, gorgeous. How could he not be? He had a smile that would make you go weak in the knees, the purest, green eyes that I have ever seen, and complimented his perfect mix of brown and bronze hair. But sometime over the course of Freshman year, he became even more beautiful. If that's even possible. And I was not the only one that took notice, he had girls that drooled all over him and he knew it. Yep, I guess you could say he was cocky, but I still loved him. He never acted that way towards me. Why would he? I was just plain, old Bella. I went through the next three years with all of these feelings pent up inside. Well finally, in my Senior year, I decided to take charge. Be it a now or never thing. Of course, with Rose's and Alice's pushing, I asked him to the prom. I will admit I was surprised that he ever said yes. Edward said it was because all these girls would finally leave him alone, that he wanted to just go with his best friend, and have a good time without any pressure. Well stupid me and my stupid feelings that I had for him. I ruined everything. And I mean everything. I tried acting on said feelings with a little help from my friend, the liquor bottle. So with all the courage of a lion, I got drunk and told him how I felt about him. Then kept on the crazy train and tried to kiss him. Let's just say things never seem to go the way I would imagine. Oh no, the absolute worst thing happened: He rejected me. Told me he cared for me, but in a different way. And never talked to me since then. Flashback******* "Edward, I need to talk to you," I said, feeling glad that I was not so inebriated that I was slurring at this point in time. "What do you want to talk about Bella?" he responded, his eyes curious and thoughtful. "I know that you are leaving for Stanford soon and I need to tell my best friend how I really feel…" I started with, but then I started to put my lip's on his. He pulled away from me and said, "Wha..What are you doing Bella?" He was startled, his eyes looked like they were going to jump out of their sockets. "I just wanted to tell that I like you." I said. Oh shit, let's just lay it all out on the table. I was already embarrassed, mortified. What was another couple seconds? "Bella, I like you , you're my best friend," he said with a comforting smile on his face. He was trying to make this better. But he couldn't. We couldn't. I couldn't. "No Edward, I like you, like you. Do you understand?" I asked. All of my pent up frustration coming though with my words. "Bella, I know you like me, we have been best friends since birth practically," he said. God for being as smart as he was, he was sure dumb sometimes. "NO EDWARD, I. LOVE. YOU., I am in love with you." I stated then turned around, so I would be without having to face him, I wanted to curl up in a corner and die. "Oh Bella, you are my best friend and I don't want to lose you, but I only love you as a friend, nothing more. I'm sorry," he said. Every part of my heart was breaking into a million little pieces with each word. ***********End Flashback******* I felt alone. I felt abandoned. I felt lost. I ran away from him that night and I had yet to speak to him since. Even though we lived next door to each other, and went to school together, he ignored me. I was without any doubt that he never looked my way again, not that I went out of my way to see him either, but I was embarrassed; I was entirely to blame for ending our friendship. I crossed a line and he was without any way to forgive me. I had missed seeing those eyes since the last day he was here, the day that we graduated. The day that Edward left for early summer admission at Stanford. That was eight years ago. Tonight would be the first time since, and I am nervous as all hell. Here I was, without any reason as to why I still get nervous like this, at the just the mere mention of his name, but to see him, and here? I know that I should find a better way to react. I had Jake. He and I had been together for the past five years. I met Jake when I was in my third year at NYU, and after all this time, he finally proposed to me at Christmas. I was happier now than I have been in a long, long time. Since he left. Marrying Jake was what I wanted. I was going to be married to a great guy that loved me. What else could a girl ask for? Right? I love him, and he loves me. End of story. Right? But on the other hand, I could kick his ass right now for leaving me to go to this rehearsal dinner and wedding all by myself. Jake had to fly back home to see his dad, Billy. His father had a heart attack three days ago, and being his only family, he needed his son there to take care of him. I wanted to go with him, but Jake assured me that everything would be fine and I had promised Rose that I would be here for her. I had deliberately taken the whole day off of work, to see if I could help Rose. Big mistake! She put any of those girls on that show BRIDEZILLA'S to shame. Poor Emmett. Rose had been yelling at everyone for no apparent reason. I doubt there could be anything in the world that could make her happy. Poor Emmett. She had already fired two wedding planners, because they failed at meeting up to her standards. See Rose was a model, a very beautiful, blonde, bombshell, highly paid model that expects perfection in everything. Her wedding was even worse. I was glad I listened to Jake and stayed here, if I would have left, I am pretty certain that what would await me when I returned home would make even the apocalypse look pretty. Alice decided to torture me a couple of hours before we were to leave. She always enjoyed makeover Bella time. She was sadistic. In all fairness, I do admit that the dress that she had for me was absolutely stunning. It was a royal blue cocktail dress, an Alice Cullen original of course. I looked good. She completed the look by putting my hair up in a loose high ponytail with cascading curls. My make up was flawless, but with Alice you could expect nothing less. The only thing that made my outfit suck was the four inch death traps that Alice had me wear for shoes. When we got to The Plaza, we were the last ones to arrive. I thought Rose was going to go ballistic on us. I walked up to her and gave her a hug with a apologetic smile. Then I proceeded to put all the blame on Alice. I went around to say all my hellos to everyone, but then stopped dead in my tracks when I took sight of him, Edward. He was standing next to his father, Carlisle. I was looking for any reason probable to avert going over there and greet his father, but he is like my second father, so I could not avoid it. I gave Carlisle a quick hug and walked past, not making eye contact with Edward. When we started the rehearsal, I thought. everything was going well until the procession out