It was already late in the afternoon as Jason and Frank made their way home from school. The whole way they talked about Jason's long time crush and nothing else. They were so preoccupied with their conversation that they didn't notice that they were almost at Jason's house. "…I just don't know how to talk to him. I mean he's always on my mind but I don't think he's into boys, like my mom talks to his mom sometimes and she told me his dad is very strict so-" "Jas, you can't know for sure, you've never talked to him. You need to make a move on this Percy-kid, I'm serious. You're having this crush for such a long time now and you can't even say a simple 'hello'?… that's ridiculous. Take me and Leo for example, his dad can't under no circumstances know about our relationship, yet we're still happy together." "I know but-" Jason was interrupted by Frank hitting him with an elbow in the rips. "What the hell was that for Frank?!" Jason demanded glaring at his friend but Frank only nodded towards the other side of the street: "This hot guy over there keeps staring at you." Jason turned his head, his eyes meeting the green sea ones of his crush. Shit. There was a split second of eye contact between him and the other boy but as soon as his crush realized he was staring he immediately blushed and looked at the ground. Jason frowned. He looked back at Frank pointing with his thumb over his shoulder to where the other boy had been standing only a couple of seconds ago: "I can't actually say 'hello' to him because every time I want to THIS happens." he huffed a little frustrated. "It's hopeless… I don't think he's interested in me." "Are you fucking serious? This is Percy? Man, you really did not exaggerate when you said he was gorgeous. Hell, he is absolutely beautiful." Frank said bewildered, "And, my dear Jason, I think he was actually kind of flirting with you. I mean sure he turned shyly away when your eyes met but he was freaking blushing! There's no way he's not interested. Do you even have an idea how long he was staring at you? No, well too damn bad because it was long enough to convince me he's gay." "You sure?" Jason asked scratching the back of his head. "Positive. Promise me you'll talk to him, yeah? Or better: Just bent him over and fuck him cause that's what I would do if I was in your position. Shit Jas, how could you even resist him that long?" Jason's cheeks turned red: "Don't say that." "Why not? I know you want to. You can't hide anything from me. I'm your best friend." Frank laughed. Percy carried the last suitcase outside and handed it to his father who put it in the trunk of the car. His family was about to visit his aunt over the week end and he had to stay at home to watch the dog which he was more than content to do. "I'm so sorry you can't come with us, honey." his mom said hugging him tightly. "It's okay mom, really." "Be good, okay? I love you. Oh, and if something's wrong just call me, I always have my phone with me just in case." and with that she got into the passenger seat of the car. "You heard your mom, I fully trust you. And you know the rules. I want no funny business, that also includes: No girls, no parties and no alcohol, is that clear?" his dad asked sternly and Percy nodded. "Okay then. I hope you still have a good time though and enjoy the week end without us." he winked. Percy chuckled at that: "Don't worry dad, I'll be okay." His dad stepped forward, bringing his only son into a hug and kissed the top of his head. Percy let out a relieved sigh when the car finally left and glanced over to the house across the street. Jason lived there. Percy's family moved here about two years ago and when they first arrived he was the first person Percy saw. Ever since then Jason was the only thing on his mind. Jason was amazing, he had short blonde hair, broad shoulders and a smile to die for. He was charming and not too hyper which made Percy like him even more… and from his point of view him and Jason would make the perfect couple. There was something about the blonde haired boy that made Percy want him in more than just one way. He was also responsible for the mess in Percy's boxers he woke up to almost every morning. Percy lifted his gaze. He knew exactly where Jason's room was by now. It was right across from his. He knew this because everytime it was dark outside and Jason was in his room with the lights turned on he'd watch him. He knew it was wrong but what Jason didn't know couldn't bother him, right? He took a deep breath and went inside. Taking his phone out he typed in a message: From: Percy omg Leo, I saw him earlier today. He looked so hot He only had to wait for a few seconds until he got a reply: From: Leo And did you talk 2 him? Leo was one of Percy's best friends, only him and Nico, who he was friends with since kindergarden, knew about his obsession for his neighbor's son. The two encouraged Percy almost everyday to finally find the heart to start a conversation with him saying there is no human being on this planet that could resist the raven haired boy. They were surely right but when it came to certain situations or people Percy just tented to get really shy. From: Percy Of course not. He was with a friend. From: Leo So? U need to get ur shit together. From: Percy idk what if he's not into dick? From: Leo R u serious?! We've discussed it so many times by now, Btw I just found out loverboy is a close friend of Frank. Percy's breath hitched. You see, Frank was Leo's boyfriend. They started dating only a month ago or something and Percy hadn't had the chance to meet him yet. From: Percy What? Why didn't you tell me?! From: Leo Calm down. I asked Frank about him. Now he thinks I'm weird. xD The raven haired boy groaned and sunk to the ground. From: Percy What did u ask? From: Leo What do u think? Everything.. about sex and stuff xD From: Percy … Percy wouldn't admit this but he really was dying to know what his friend had found out. From: Leo So this is what I found out: he def LIKES COCK… more like ass but whatever. He's a really nice guy and from what Frank told me he likes it pretty rough From: Percy So you say… From: Leo When u finally find the guts to talk to him he'll fuck ur cute little ass so hard u won't walk straight for a week :P Percy read the message again, his eyes wide. Wow. He wasn't expecting to get such a response… well it was Leo after all… From: Percy Shit. you can't just tell me stuff like this. U have no idea how much i want him right now. From: Leo haha srry. Forgo little cock slut XD Percy bit his lips. The thought alone of Jason pounding hard into his ass aroused him. He looked around to assure himself that he was really alone as he reached down to palm his erection through his pants with the hand that wasn't holding his phone. From: Percy Leo, this guy is driving me insane From: Leo Then do something about it. Stop being a pussy and make a move. Percy sighed. Leo was right. From: Leo hey, I'll call u later, yeah? Nico needs me. k? x From: Percy k. xx Per got up. He blessed and cursed Leo at the same time. If the boy hadn't told him about Jason he wouldn't be so horny right now. He ran upstairs to his room and got rid of his pants and shirt. He hastily looked through the last drawer of his nightstand and thanked god when he finally found the object he'd been searching for. Throwing it along with a bottle of lube on his bed he took off the last piece of clothing that covered his hard on. Percy laid himself down on the bed and began to stroke his cock but found it wasn't enough so he turned on his stomach and reached behind him rubbing over his entrance. Yes, that was way better he thought as he grabbed the lube and coated his fingers with the cold substance. Desperately needing a release he started by pushing two fingers in and out of his tight hole. Biting his lip the raven haired boy began scissoring the digits that were now buried deep inside of him. It felt so good and so right and he couldn't help but let out a loud moan. His breathing got heavier as brushed against his sweet spot but he didn't want to cum just yet. No he wanted to be stretched and feel full so he stopped and grabbed the medium sized dildo he'd been searching earlier. Percy was so busy pleasuring himself that he hadn't even thought of closing his curtains. Jason sat in bed with his laptop on his lap. He started to feel cold and that's when remembered that he'd opened his window about an hour ago when he'd gotten home. He sighed and stood up walking over to close it. He grabbed the window catch and looked outside when he noticed there was light in Percy's room. His breath hitched and he couldn't believe his eyes when he spotted his crush on the bed. "Shit." he breathed watching Percy fucking himself with what looked like a dildo. Jason's eyes widened at the sight. The boy he'd been fantasizing about for almost two years now was naked on his hands and knees shoving a fucking fake cock up his asshole. Jason knew he shouldn't be spying on him like that but couldn't bring himself to look away. He felt his pants getting tighter and reached down to rub over the growing bulge. His cock twitched when Percy started to hump the blanket that was positioned between his legs shamelessly grinding up and down, rubbing his cock over the duvet as he pushed the dildo faster in and out of his ass. Pleasure was written all over his face, his eyes were closed and his lips were formed in an o-shape. Jason could only imagine the moans that were leaving his mouth. He couldn't think straight anymore. He needed to be over there. It should be his cock pounding deep into the other boys asshole. What was he supposed to do? He grabbed his phone and texted Frank: From: Jas FRANK, he's fucking himself with a dildo! I can't.. From: Frank well, shit. Get over there and help him From: Jas what? just like that? I can't disturb him while he's masturbating! From: Frank YES. YOU. CAN. he's horny, u r probably 2 so get your ass over there and fuck him good. From: Frank It's now or never. just do it. Jason glanced one last time over to his secret crush and left the room. He made his way over to the Jackson's house and rang the doorbell a couple of times. Percy jumped as soon as he heard the doorbell. "Shit, shit, shit!" he cursed. What do I do? He panicked. He got up, dildo still buried deep inside of him just in case, cause when his parents were surprisingly back he had no time to hide this stuff.