Disclaimer: While the attempt has been made to be medically accurate, some artistic license has been taken, and statements made by Carlisle are not to be regarded as authoritative. Recognizable characters and plotlines are the property of Stephenie Meyer; all original characters and story © 2017 FemaleChauvinist. Do not post without permission. Do not copy/print without including the above disclaimer in its entirety. A/N: Read my story "Immortal Child" to find out how Dom got the vampire bite scar and was adopted by Jacob and Nessie (his older sister Winnie was born in my story "Edwina Sue). Barbie Fall 2036 Winnie sixteen, Dom fifteen Dominic I loved soccer, but I didn't like undressing in the locker room afterward. Not that I was a prude; I didn't mind undressing in front of the guys. It was my scar; I had been self-conscious about it since learning it was from a vampire bite that nearly killed me when I was three. My soccer jerseys just barely covered it, and only because I'd gotten Winnie to take a slight tuck in the neckband. I'd developed a system now; pulling the jersey off with a quick yank to get my head through the smaller neck hole, then draping a towel around my shoulders before anyone could see my scar. I would wait until I was the last one before going to take my shower. But today, my plan had gone wrong. We'd had a good practice, and everyone was more rowdy than usual. Eric grabbed the towel from my shoulders, jumping up to stand on the bench and waving it over his head like a victory banner. "Hey, Dom!" Pete exclaimed. "What's that mushroom growing on your shoulder?" I flushed and clapped my hand over the scar. "It's nothing. Just a-a scar." "Whoa-ho!" Pete laughed. He was about to taunt me further when Coach Stevens' voice cut in. "Pete! Eric! Quit clowning around and get in the showers." "Yes, sir." Eric jumped from the bench, tossing the towel in my direction. When I had removed the towel from my face, Coach Stevens was standing in front of me. "Dominic, do you mind if I have a look at that 'scar'?" "Why is it suddenly everyone's business?" I asked defensively. Coach Stevens frowned. "I'm concerned, Dom. Have your parents ever had a doctor look at it?" I picked at a loop of the towel. "Yeah," I muttered; "it's fine. I've had it most of my life — my uncle's a doctor; he's seen it." Coach Stevens sighed. "All right, Nick; I just wanted to be sure. You go on and get your shower now; you don't want to keep your sister waiting too long." Winnie always did her homework on the picnic bench under the trees when I had soccer practice. When she saw me coming, she shoved her books into her backpack and walked with me to the car she and Dad had built from parts. "You all right, Nick?" she questioned. "Yeah, I'm fine." She didn't press further. I liked that about Winnie; she didn't try to make you talk when you weren't ready yet. I was silent on the ride home, absently fingering the scar through my shirt. It had been mostly flat when I was younger, but with each growth spurt it had grown more prominent. The silver scar itself never grew or changed; the skin around it was stretched tight and puckered, that in the middle of the bite raised up until it did resemble some kind of grotesque fungal growth. Little wonder Coach Stevens thought the worst about it, I thought bitterly. Cancer; I knew that was what had been in his mind, and he hadn't really been reassured by my words. I hoped he wasn't planning to call my parents; that would be beyond embarrassing. "Hey, Win, drop me at Aunt Esme's, will you?" I asked suddenly. She glanced at me, surprised, but drove past the turnoff for our house without questioning. "Want me to pick you up later?" she asked, pulling to a stop in front of Uncle Carlisle and Aunt Esme's big house. "No; I'll get a lift home. Thanks, Win!" Slinging my backpack over one shoulder, I crossed the front porch and pushed the door open. It was never locked when someone was home; Winnie and I always went in without knocking. "Dominic!" Aunt Esme smiled, coming to greet me. "This is a pleasant surprise. Doesn't Winnie want to stay?" "Didn't ask her." I walked past her into the kitchen, dropping my backpack on one of the chairs and grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl on the table. "Whatcha doin'?" "Oh, I was thinking of doing some stenciling on these cabinets…they need something ." I ate my apple in silence for a few minutes. "Uncle Carlisle home?" I asked offhandedly. "Yes; he's up in his study." She looked at me with motherly concern. "You're not feeling sick, are you?" "Nah, I'm all right." I finished my apple and tossed the core in the trash, then went to the sink to wash the sticky juice off my hands. "Guess I'll go upstairs; there's something I want to ask him." I grabbed my backpack off the chair and ran up the stairs, pausing at the doorway to my room to toss the backpack on the bed. I went up the second flight of stairs to Uncle Carlisle's third-floor study, but stood outside the door, hesitating. "Come on in, Dom," Uncle Carlisle called; blasted vampire hearing. Aunt Esme was probably gonna hear every word I said to him. I pushed the door open slowly as Uncle Carlisle rose to set aside the book he had been reading. "You're not ill," he noted, "so what was it you wanted to talk to me about?" I sighed, kicking the door shut and scuffing the carpet with my foot. Half absently, my hand rose to finger my scar. "I was wondering…if you could get rid of this scar for me." I said the last words in a rush. "May I ask why?" he said quietly. I shrugged. "It's just…weird. Pete saw it today, and he was kinda teasing me…" I looked away. "Coach Stevens is afraid it's…cancer," I whispered. I swallowed; I hadn't realized until I said the words how in the back of my mind, I was terribly afraid the coach was right. Oh, the scar itself wasn't, but the swollen flesh in the center of it… "Dominic." Uncle Carlisle's voice pulled my head up, forcing me to look at him. "It's not cancer; I would have smelled it." My shoulders slumped in relief. Uncle Carlisle appeared thoughtful. "You know, Dom, I haven't actually seen that scar for a couple years now; you always wear shirts that cover it." Wordlessly I turned away, pulling off my shirt before turning toward him again. His face remained expressionless as he took in the appearance of the scar, then gently probed it with his cold fingers. "Does it hurt at all?" "Nah. Just pulls sometimes." He nodded slowly. "All right; you can put your shirt back on. I'm sorry, Dominic; I never considered how a non-changing vampire-bite scar received at such a young age would appear as you grew; I can see why kids would tease you and your coach might be concerned." I shrugged as I pulled my shirt back over my head. "'S not your fault." "Be that as it may, the first thing I can do is call your coach and assure him that it's benign." "Thanks," I muttered. "As for removing it, first I'd want an x-ray to see how deep the vampire transformation is; if it's melded with the bone, I would have reservations about removing it. But in that case, I think I could still pare down the growth in the center…though I might have to do it more than once since you're still growing. And you do realize that even if I can remove the bite, the surgery itself will likely leave a scar." I shrugged. "It's bound to look better than what I've got now." And Uncle Carlisle was the best surgeon around; I bet when it healed the scar would hardly even be visible. Uncle Carlisle sighed. "I can't promise anything, Dom; not until I talk to your parents." "They'll agree," I said quickly. "Probably," Uncle Carlisle admitted, "but I'm not going to go against their wishes if they don't. Why don't you stay here for supper, and then I'll drive you home and talk things over." "Okay," I agreed. "You got time to help me with my science homework?" He chuckled. "Sure." oOo Carlisle It was my fault, I silently berated myself as I drove Dominic home after supper. Because my enhanced senses would be sure to alert me to any problem, I hadn't bothered to give Winnie or Dom yearly checkups. If I had, I would have noticed how prominent Dom's scar was getting; perhaps suggested surgery myself. I suspected now that he had been self-conscious about it for some time now; when was the last time I had actually seen him with his shirt off? And he rubbed it sometimes, but I had taken that for a nervous habit. Edward hadn't mentioned anything, but I really had no idea how good Dom might be at blocking his thoughts. I pulled into the driveway and walked up to the door with Dom, a hand on his shoulder. I could sense his nervousness as he pushed the front door open. "Mom? Dad? I'm home." Jacob stepped forward. "Dominic. You know you aren't supposed to go to Carlisle and Esme's without asking permission." He shrank back slightly against me. "Let it go this time, Jake," I said quietly. "I actually came over to talk to you and Nessie." "Sure," Jacob said slowly. "Go to your room, Dominic. Ness?" I squeezed Dom's shoulder slightly as he left. "Have a seat, Doc," Jacob told me as Nessie joined us. "Papa?" she asked anxiously. "He's not sick, is he?" I smiled slightly; she only called me Papa now when she was worried or otherwise emotional. "No," I assured her. "But he came asking me about removing that vampire-bite scar." "Removing it?" Jacob questioned. "Yes; apparently he's been teased about it, and I think he was self-conscious, anyway." "But it's not that obvious, is it? To human eyes, I mean." "You haven't seen it recently either, then. He showed it to me this afternoon, Jake…it's quite prominent." "More so than it used to be?" "Yes. The bite has remained exactly the same for twelve years while the rest of him grew and changed. Quite frankly, I don't blame him for wanting it removed." "And you could…do that?" "Well, I would imagine so. I told Dom I'd want an x-ray first, to be sure the scar isn't melded to the bone." Jake's eyes narrowed. "So you'd just take him into the hospital and let a tech x-ray a vampire bite ?" I chuckled. "Of course not. If I do the surgery, it will be at home with Edward as anesthesiologist and assistant; I can get an x-ray machine as easily as any other equipment." Jake sighed. "You mind if we talk about this, Doc?" "Not at all. Just don't keep Dom wondering too long; I think it's been bothering him far more than he let on." oOo Dominic I was flopped on my stomach on my bed, playing the handheld video game Uncle Emmett had given me for my last birthday. I had made it up to level three and was trying unsuccessfully to make level four when there was a knock on the door. "Dominic? Can we come in?" "Sure, Dad." I tossed the game aside and sat up, worming back until I could lean against the headboard. Mom sat at the foot of my bed, while Dad pulled my desk chair out and sat on it sideways. I hated when they both came to talk to