Disclaimer: Recognizable characters and plotlines are the property of Stephenie Meyer; all original characters and story © 2016 FemaleChauvinist. Do not post without permission. Do not copy/print without including the above disclaimer in its entirety. A/N: I had been planning to post this story next anyway; it's just coincidence that it really is the right time of year for it! This is one that needed quite a bit of work to "Bella-ize" [see my profile]; up until a week or so ago I thought I was just going to have to leave Bella out of character. So if there are any inconsistencies or explanations that don't quite work, that's probably why. Hopefully you'll enjoy this story and its companion anyway! Barbie Nessie three A/E ten, claiming eleven, sixth grade Nessie "No," Daddy said, shaking his head. "I'm sorry, Nessie, but you won't be able to go to Maddie's party." "But why ?" I asked, barely keeping it from coming out as a whine. I had always gone trick-or-treating with my friends, enjoying the fun if not the candy (which I usually "traded" away or slipped into their baskets), but this year Maddie had decided she was too old for trick-or-treating, and she was having a party instead. There would still be candy and other food, of course, but the games sounded like even more fun than going door to door had been. "Maddie's a nice girl, and it's fine to play with her at school. But I've heard the thoughts of her parents, and I don't think that's a house you should be going to." "That isn't fair," I protested. Not fair of Daddy to use his mind-reading to judge people based on their thoughts like that. Not fair to keep me from going to party just because he didn't like what someone was thinking. "Renesmée," Daddy said quietly. I fell silent, forcing even my thoughts to something else. With a mind reader for a father, I had gotten good at controlling my thoughts; if someone told me whatever I did, not to think about purple elephants, I could actually do it. "Daddy," I asked as he pulled into the driveway, "could I go hunting with Jacob on Halloween night?" "If you want to," he answered, sounding slightly relieved that I had given up thinking about the party. "Or we could take you trick-or-treating if you want." I shook my head. "It's not as much fun without my friends." Daddy sighed. "I'm sorry, Nessie." "That's okay," I told him, giving him a hug as he held out his arms for me. "I'll go hunting with Jake; that tastes better anyway." Daddy chuckled. "I'm sure." I wasn't blocking my thoughts then; I really had made up my mind to go hunting and enjoy it as much as I would have enjoyed Maddie's party. But every day in school Maddie talked about it; on Thursday, the day before, she demanded to know why I wasn't coming. "Daddy doesn't want me to," I said, half embarrassed. Maddie stared. "Why not?" I shrugged uncomfortably; I couldn't tell her Daddy didn't like her parents' thoughts. "He doesn't…like…Halloween." Some people didn't, I knew, though it would have been strange for a vampire to have that opinion. "Ask him again," Maddie suggested. "My parents always say yes if I ask enough times." I shook my head. "Mine don't. Daddy won't let me answer back." "Just ask them one more time?" Maddie begged. "Please, Nessie; it won't be any fun without you!" I nodded slowly, the faint beginning of an idea in my mind. "All right. I'll ask just once more." oOo Daddy, I thought as we drove home that afternoon, can't I please go to the Halloween party tomorrow? I knew what his answer would be; I was asking only so he wouldn't suspect anything if he had heard in Maddie's thoughts that I was going to ask again. "Renesmée, I already told you you couldn't," Daddy said quietly. "If I hear any more about this, you won't even be going hunting with Jacob tomorrow." But I have to, Daddy — I'm thirsty! "Someone else can take you hunting, Nessie." I won't say another word about the Halloween party, Daddy — I promise. Can I still go hunting with Jake, please ? He sighed. "Yes." He pulled up in front of our house, and I hopped out. Daddy, can I go for a motorcycle ride with Jake? "Don't you have homework, Renesmée?" he asked, a touch of annoyance in his voice. Not much — and it's all easy; I can do it in half an hour. Please, Daddy? "Fine; go ahead. Tell Jacob to have you home by dark." ' Kay, Daddy. See you later! I dropped my books on the table and ran to find Jake. He was in the kitchen of the big house, raiding the refrigerator. "Put that down, Jake!" I demanded, grabbing the food from his hand — I didn't look to see what it was — and tossing it onto the table. "You have to take me for a ride on the motorcycle!" He raised an eyebrow at me. "Does your father know how demanding you're getting, Ness? And I wanted to eat that, thanks." "Daddy said I could go riding with you," I pouted. "Yeah, but I bet he didn't say you could run right in here and demand it like that." I smiled up at him. "Please, Jake?" He laughed. "Oh, all right…come on, kiddo." I skipped happily at his side, holding his hand. Jake never refused me…it was what I was counting on. Of course, I didn't dare think about it until I was sure we were out of Daddy's range…but riding with Jacob was so fun, I hardly even had to block my thoughts. "Jake!" I shouted above the roar of the motorcycle. He twisted his head to look at me for a moment. "Yeah, Ness?" "Pull over!" He did instantly, pulling me from the back of motorcycle into his arms. "What's wrong?" Honestly, he could be almost as bad as Daddy! I giggled. "Nothing. I just…would you do me a favor, Jake?" "Anything, Ness," he promised instantly. "Will you take me to Maddie's Halloween party tomorrow?" Jacob frowned. "Didn't your parents say you couldn't go to that, Nessie?" "You said anything!" I reminded him instantly. He sighed. "Yeah, Ness, I know, but… What about hunting?" "I just went with Uncle Emmett," I lied quickly; "I'm not thirsty. Please , Jake? Pretty, pretty please?" His sigh was half a growl. "You're gonna be the death of me, Ness, and I mean literally." "Does that mean yes?" I asked eagerly. He grinned. "Yeah, I guess it does. But you'd better be real careful about blocking your thoughts, or I'm dead meat." "Let's go buy a costume!" I never took it seriously when my family talked about killing each other; that was just the way vampires talked. I knew they'd never actually do it. "You have a costume for the Halloween parade at school tomorrow," he pointed out. I stuck my tongue out at him. "I can't get that out of the house without someone knowing — and what if I spill something on it?" Jake sighed, shaking his head. "All right, another costume it is. But you're spoiled, Ness, you know that?" I just giggled as I hopped on the motorcycle behind him and wrapped my arms around his waist. I frowned as Jake pulled the bike into the parking lot at Wal-Mart, and he laughed at my expression. "Sorry, Ness; I know Alice would kill me if she found out. But we're gonna have to pay in cash, and I've got maybe thirty bucks on me." "Okay," I agreed, skipping at his side into the store. The racks of Halloween costumes were half empty now, the day before, but all the costumes that were left were on sale. I managed to find a fancy pink dress that looked about my size, with a silver tiara and slippers. I held it in front of me and spun around. "Look, Jake!" "Nice." I spotted a package on a rack and snatched it up. "Fangs, Nessie?" Jake choked, laughing. "I'll be a vampire princess!" "Vamps don't have fangs, Ness." "Humans don't know that." He shrugged. "All right…but what's the fun of dressing up as what you already are?" "Only half," I reminded him, "and I'm not a princess." He snorted. "Right, Ness. The way you order me around…" I laughed. Jake shrugged and pulled something off the shelf. "Want some fake blood?" "No; princesses are neat when they eat. Ooo, look, Jake! Get this one for you!" He shook his head at the werewolf costume I held up. "Wouldn't fit me, Ness." I inspected the tag. "It says, 'One size fits most.'" Jacob snorted. "Do I look like 'most' to you, Ness?" "Well, you could wear the mask…" He sighed. "Oh, all right. Let me just make sure I've got enough to cover it." Jake paid for the costumes, and I folded them carefully to fit in the compartment of his motorcycle. "Remember, Ness," he said just before starting the bike, "not a hint of this in your thoughts. We're going hunting tomorrow; that's all." I grinned and wrapped my arms around him. "Right, Jake!" I agreed happily. oOo After school on Halloween, Daddy carved silly faces into a whole row of pumpkins for me and Mama Esme roasted the seeds with butter and salt for Jake. He crunched through the whole panful, and then raided the fridge for an early supper while Mama Esme and I set the pumpkins up along the porch rail. She promised that she'd light candles in them when it got dark so that I could see them when I got home. * Finally five o'clock came, and I heard Jake's call from outside. "Hey, Ness! Ready?" I slammed the book shut and slid down the banister — it was faster than walking, and I hadn't jumped a flight of stairs on my own again after Daddy caught me at it the first time. "Ready!" Daddy raised an eyebrow at me. "You're awfully excited about going hunting, Nessie." Did he suspect something? But of course, I didn't think even that. "I'm thirsty , Daddy," I explained. And I really was, but I imagined the thirstiest I'd ever been. Daddy sighed. "All right. Stick with her, Jacob, and remember curfew's at nine." Jake gave him a mocking salute. "Right, Chief," he said sarcastically. "Hop on board, Ness." I gave Daddy a quick hug goodbye, then grabbed my helmet from Jake's hand and fastened the strap as I scrambled into my seat behind him. "All set?" "Yes. Let's go!" "Jake," I asked when I was sure we were out of Daddy's range, "do you think Daddy suspected anything?" "Nah. He'd never've let us go if he thought something was up. He always acts suspicious when I take you hunting or anywhere; you just noticed this time because you knew he had something to be suspicious about." He pulled off the road near a dense patch of forest and got off the bike to get my dress out of the compartment. I ran partway into the woods to change, and when I came back Jake stuffed my clothes into the compartment. I lifted up my arms to him. "Help me on, Jake; I don't want to get my skirt caught on anything." I had never ridden the motorcycle in a dress before. Jacob pulled up in Maddie's driveway and put his mask on while I changed my shoes and put on my fangs and tiara. I ran my tongue over the plastic teeth. "I don't know how humans think vampires eat with these things." Jake shrugged. "Maybe it's easier if they're your own, and you're used to having 'em. You ready?" I nodded, grabbing his hand as we climbed the porch steps. "Nessie! You came!" Maddie squealed when she