Disclaimer: While the attempt has been made to be medically accurate, some artistic license has been taken, and statements made by Carlisle and other medical personnel are not to be regarded as authoritative. Recognizable characters and plotlines are the property of Stephenie Meyer; all original characters and story © 2017 FemaleChauvinist. Do not post without permission. Do not copy/print without including the above disclaimer in its entirety. A/N: The date of this story is correct for my alternate history, in which Bree also survives and is adopted by the Cullens; see my profile for more information on her power with animals. Mandy is Jacob's younger sister, and Seth's imprint. (By the way, I really have no idea if cell phones even have call waiting, let alone call waiting caller ID, especially ten years ago… Oh, well!) Barbie October 2005 Nessie five months A/E two and a half years Jacob I was home for once; Bells and Edward had gone off with Nessie, and I wasn't about to hang around the mausoleum without her. So I was in my shed, tinkering around with my motorcycle, when my phone rang. I wiped my hands on my jeans before picking it up. "Hello?" "Jake, it's Sue Clearwater," she said, soundly slightly breathless. "Sue. What's up; something wrong?" "Is Seth there with you?" "No…should he be?" I wasn't the kid's babysitter, for cryin' out loud. "I — don't know. He left last night, Jake…he hasn't come back." "He leave in wolf form?" "I don't know; maybe! I sent Leah out after him an hour ago, but I haven't heard back…Charlie's here, Jake, and he's talking about getting together a search party!" I shrugged, leaning back against my workbench. "Let 'im; what harm can it do?" Her voice dropped to a whisper. "But, Jake, if they find him — if he's in wolf form and they find him —" They would shoot him. I was about to suggest I phase and see if I could pick up his thoughts — why Leah hadn't done that to begin with, I couldn't imagine — when my phone beeped in my ear. "Hang on, Sue; I've got another call coming through." I pulled the phone from my ear to glance at the caller ID. "Sue, it's Leah; I'll get back to you later." I ended her call and picked up on Leah's without waiting for a reply. "Leah?" "What took you so long?" she demanded. "I was on the phone with your mother," I explained. "Did you find him?" "Yes." Her voice sounded like she was about to break into tears. "He's sick, Jacob; real sick." And here I'd thought werewolves didn't get sick. "All right; stay calm. Where are you?" "Hit the river about a mile upstream from the leeches; head upstream and then follow my scent in." "All right. Be there in a few minutes, Leah." I started out at a believable jog, scrolling down the numbers on my phone as I ran…never woulda dreamed there'd be a day I'd have the leeches on speed dial. "Jacob?" Esme's voice sounded surprised as she answered. "Yeah. Esme, is the doc home?" "No, he's at the hospital. Is something wrong, Jacob?" "I just got a call from Leah that Seth's sick. Get in touch with Doc; get him home as soon as possible. I'm on my way to them now; I'll be bringing him back to your house." "Of course, Jacob," she said, concern trilling through her voice. "I'll call Carlisle right away." "Thanks, Esme." I shoved the phone into my pocket and shifted into an all-out run as I hit the woods. Leah's scent was easy to follow, and I soon came upon her sitting on the ground beside Seth. He lay in wolf form on the forest floor, whimpering softly as shudders ran over his body. His eyes were open but staring and glassy; he was breathing in short pants. I dropped to my knees beside him, resting a hand on the side of his face. "Seth, buddy, can you hear me?" He weakly tried to thrust his muzzle against my hand; his nose felt hot and dry. "Hey, Seth, you're gonna be fine." " How , Jake?" Leah whispered. "We can't take him to the emergency room — do you think a vet…?" I snorted. "Right, Leah. Like a vet's gonna treat a giant wolf — even if his system isn't odd somehow." Leah rubbed her eyes hard with the back of her wrist. "Don't be cruel, Jake," she snapped. I softened. "I already called Esme; she's getting Dr Fang home." Leah snarled, and I sighed. "Look, I know, Leah, but what option do we have? He may be a vamp, but he's the only doctor who knows what we are. Look, I'm gonna phase and see if I can get him in human form." The alpha command was always stronger when I was in the same form as the one I was commanding. Seth, I ordered, phase back. He tried. His body convulsed, and he whined pitifully. But he couldn't manage it. All right, I thought, releasing him from the command. All right, buddy; just relax. I touched my nose to his in a comforting gesture before phasing back. "He can't do it," I said shortly, pulling on my pants as Leah studiously avoided looking in my direction. I shoved my feet into my shoes without socks and crouched down in front of him, not bothering to put on my shirt. "Help me get him on my shoulders." "Are you sure you can…?" Leah whispered, doing as I asked. "Got to, don't I?" I stood slowly, grunting a little from Seth's weight; good thing he was still just an overgrown pup. "'S not so bad. Look, Leah; call Esme; tell her I'm bringing him in in wolf form. Ask her to get Bree to the house. "Bree?" "Yeah. Maybe with her help he can phase; be a whole lot easier for Doc." "I don't know their number, Jake." I sighed. "Phone's in my pocket; number's right after Sam's. And go home after you call, Leah; your mother needs you." I waited only long enough for Leah to dig the phone out of my pants pocket before starting off at a pace I thought I could keep up even with Seth's added weight. His breathing seemed to grow even more labored as I ran, and I felt a knot of fear twisting my stomach. Werewolves just didn't get sick; they didn't . "Hang on, buddy; just hang on." The doc's black car was pulling up in front of the house just as I emerged from the woods and jogged across the lawn; he got out and hurried to meet me. "Need a hand, Jake?" "No," I said, slightly breathless; "I got him. I tried to get him to phase for you," I added as I walked beside him up to the house, "but he couldn't do it; I'm gonna try again with Bree." He nodded, reaching to pull the door open for me. "It would help, but I'm sure I can manage if you can't." Esme was there, watching with concern in her eyes as I carried Seth in. "Here, Jake; I made him a pallet on the floor." "Thanks, Esme." I half fell to my knees beside the thick layer of blankets, and Esme and the doc helped lift Seth off my shoulders. Dr Fang remained squatting beside him as I stood and stretched my shoulders back. "Get me some water, Esme." He dipped his fingers in it when she brought it, putting them on Seth's tongue. He lapped feebly, but seemed hardly able to swallow. I glanced toward the back of the room where Bree was. "Bree, I'm gonna phase outside and come back in. When I nod at you, give it everything you've got. Doc, wolf to human is pretty safe, and he probably couldn't hurt you much anyway, but you might not want to be that close to his mouth when he phases." My fur brushed against the doorframe as I reentered the room. I nodded to Bree the same moment I gave Seth the alpha command. The shudders ran over his body from head to tail, harder than when I'd tried this alone; his neck arched back. "Jake, Bree, enough," Dr Fang said in a low voice. "He can't take anymore; I can manage with him in wolf form." No, Bree! Keep going; we almost made it! I made the thought as wolfish as possible, hoping she could hear it. With a final convulsion and a weak howl, Seth lay in human form on the pallet. He seemed even sicker than he had as a wolf; maybe Doc had been right and the strain of being forced to phase had been too much for him. Bree. Tell them I'll be back as soon as I phase . When I returned, still fastening the snap on my jeans, they had moved Seth to lay on the big curved sofa, a heavy afghan pulled over him. Dr Fang bent over him, shining a penlight in his eyes. "Jake, how long has he been sick?" he asked without turning around. "Don't know for sure; Sue said he went out last night, so I guess sometime after that." "Has he vomited at all?" "Not where we found him; don't know about before." Dr Fang leaned in to sniff Seth's breath, but made no comment. "When you were phased, could you tell if he was in any pain?" "Yeah…kind of…but it wasn't really anywhere specific…or maybe he's so out of it he couldn't tell where it was…I don't know." "Bree?" "His stomach, maybe," Bree said doubtfully. "But Jake's right; it wasn't really defined." "All right." Doc took a syringe from his bag, filled it, and slid it into Seth's arm. "I left some supplies in the car; I'll be right back." He returned in seconds, pausing to feel Seth's pulse before setting up an oxygen tank and placing the tubes in Seth's nose. "What's wrong with him, Doc?" I demanded. Dr Fang sighed. "It's poison of some sort, Jacob. I'm going to give him charcoal to neutralize any that's left in his stomach; I'll have to use a tube since he's not conscious enough to swallow. After that…we'll see." My stomach clenched; surely he didn't mean there was a chance Seth wouldn't make it. "What was that shot you gave him?" "Stimulant to strengthen his heart," Doc replied briefly, his attention focused on the stomach tube he was using. "I'm going to start an IV," he said quietly after administering the charcoal and removing the tube; "he's pretty dehydrated. My guess is he did vomit at some point — which could be a good thing if it got rid of some of the poison." If this was what he looked like after getting rid of some of it, I didn't want to know what it would have been like if he hadn't. Dr Fang had just finished hooking up the IV line when Leah pushed the front door open. "Jake, Chief Swan drove us over — can he come in?" "Yeah, Seth's human; it's fine." Leah disappeared, and a moment later Chief Swan was ushering Sue through the door. She moaned softly when she saw Seth on the sofa. "Oh — my baby!" "Kid oughta be in the hospital," the chief muttered. "I can call an ambulance…" Dr Fang shook his head as he straightened from bending over Seth. "No thanks, Chief; I could have done that myself. I'll be taking care of Seth here." "Yeah, but — it's not that I doubt your skill, Cullen, but the hospital's got equipment you don't have here…" He faltered slightly, taking in the "hospital equipment" Doc obviously did have. "Yes, I'm quite aware of what equipment they have at the hospital; I'll bring Seth in myself if I feel it would benefit him." "Sure… Is it legal