Disclaimer: While the attempt has been made to be medically accurate, some artistic license has been taken, and statements made by Carlisle are not to be regarded as authoritative. Recognizable characters and plotlines are the property of Stephenie Meyer; all original characters and story © 2017 FemaleChauvinist. Do not post without permission. Do not copy/print without including the above disclaimer in its entirety. Pre-Twilight Forks Esme Carlisle drew the brush through my hair one last time before handing it to me. "Any longer and we'll be late, love." "I'll put it up vampire speed," I promised. He laughed softly but moved toward the closet without offering to take the brush back. I sighed and wound my hair around my hand, deftly pinning the twist in place. "You know, Carlisle, I'm a little surprised we're going to the staff Christmas party; I thought you would have volunteered to cover in the emergency room." He chuckled dryly as he came out of the closet knotting his tie, the exact same shade of jewel tone red as my dress. "I tried, love. Dr Snow owes me at least two shifts that I've covered for him, and he very stubbornly decided to pay me back by letting me go to the party." He shrugged, reaching for a vest that was such a dark green it would nearly appear black to human eyes. "It wasn't worth using vampire persuasion over; eating human food won't be that bad if it means I can spend the evening in the same room as you. It should be mostly hors d'oeuvres and finger foods, anyway; we can probably get away without eating." I laughed and moved toward my jewelry box, but Carlisle was suddenly in front of me. "Wait, Esme; I have an early Christmas present for you." He pulled a small wrapped box out of his pocket. I quickly removed the paper and lifted the lid. Two tiny red and gold poinsettias sparkled up at me. "Oh, Carlisle," I breathed. "Rubies?" "Of course." I slid the earrings into my ears; Carlisle surmised that the fact that I had been wearing earrings when I was changed had kept his venom from healing the holes shut. "Well?" I asked, smiling. "Stunning," he breathed. "You make everything you wear beautiful, love. And tonight I get to show you off." I laughed. "Carlisle, you get jealous when a man as much as looks twice at me!" He shrugged. "That doesn't mean I don't want them to see what a beautiful wife I have, love; I just want them to know you're mine ." His eyes glinted in fierce possession, but I spun away from his arm. "Don't claim me now, Carlisle. I thought you said we were going to be late?" He captured me and pulled me against his side. "Later," he growled in my ear. "Of course. But now let's go so you can show me off…and so everyone can see what a handsome husband I have!" oOo I really didn't see why humans considered making conversation while trying to juggle plates of food and glasses of punch to be an enjoyable way to spend an evening. And it was the principle of the thing; I was sure I would have felt the same way if my glass had contained blood instead of punch. I found myself wondering if Dr Snow had had an ulterior motive for volunteering to take emergency room duty and let Carlisle come tonight. Carlisle quickly fell into conversation with another doctor, discussing some new surgical technique. I loved listening to Carlisle's smooth voice, with its barely-there hint of a British accent, even when I understood less than half of what he was saying. But I found myself picturing what I could understand far too clearly; only doctors would consider it suitable conversation while eating, and it was making me thirsty. So I drifted away to find another wife, or a nurse or female doctor, that I might be able to make conversation with. Several of the men seemed inclined to talk to me, but I brushed them off as politely as possible; Carlisle wouldn't want me talking to them dressed like this unless he was by my side, making it quite obvious to whom I belonged. I small-talked my way through two conversations about the weather and one about how brave I was to be raising five teenagers; the woman in question claimed she could barely handle her two preschoolers. I found myself wondering why humans couldn't be more original in their topics of conversation. Well, if Carlisle could stand it, I could, though he honestly seemed just as engrossed as the doctor he was talking to. The trouble was that I didn't really have a common interest with any of the women here…and they were all slightly jealous of my vampire good looks. I headed for a little room off to the side, planning to sit and design houses in my mind…fanciful houses that I would never dare ask Carlisle for, because I knew he would give them to me if I did. Or at least attempt it; I was fairly certain some of my wilder schemings were beyond the reach of modern technology. But to my surprise, the cushioned bench on one side of the room was already occupied. Mrs Gerandy half reclined there, her head against the wall, one hand covering her eyes. I stepped forward quickly. "Charlotte? Are you all right?" She lowered her hand and blinked at me through half-closed eyes. "Esme… No…not really." I rested my hand on her arm. "Do you want me to find your husband and let him know you're not feeling well?" She smiled tightly. "I told him before we left…he thought I was faking it to get out of coming tonight." So humans did find these "parties" as silly as I did. But I frowned; I had never been sick since he changed me, of course, but I knew if I had even hinted that I wasn't feeling well, Carlisle wouldn't have brought me tonight. He would have had me in bed, with a hot water bottle or a cool cloth or whatever else he thought would help me feel better. "Can I get you anything?" She closed her eyes. "A cool drink…maybe that will help." I glanced at the glass of punch I still held. "Here, take this; I haven't drunk any yet. Where do you feel bad?" She accepted the glass and took a sip of the cool liquid. "Thank you. It's my head, and my eyes are dry…burning." "Charlotte. Let me call Carlisle." She said nothing, and I took it for agreement. I glanced into the main room, catching sight of Carlisle almost immediately. I smiled slightly; I loved watching him "act human." He stood holding his glass, raising it to his lips at just the right intervals, the gesture so perfect that no human would notice he never seemed to need a refill. I could pass as human, but I often had to think about what they would do; Carlisle did it easily, effortlessly. "Carlisle." He met my eyes across the room, raising his glass and giving me the tiniest nod to let me know he'd heard and was coming. In moments he had excused himself from the conversation and was hurrying between the people to my side. "Esme? What's wrong, love?" "Mrs Gerandy isn't feeling well; her husband thought she was faking it to get out of coming tonight." Carlisle stepped to her side and rested his fingers for a moment on her forehead before pressing them lightly to her wrist. "And what seems to be the problem, Mrs Gerandy?" "My eyes are dry and burning…my head hurts." "Throbbing or steady?" "Steady…just a dull ache." "What part of your head?" "Forehead…behind my eyes." "Are you dizzy or lightheaded at all?" "A bit lightheaded." "Is there any nausea?" "Not really." "And your eyes; do they feel gritty at all?" "Yes." "All right; I'm just going to take a quick look at them, Mrs Gerandy." He pulled his penlight from his pocket; it was the one instrument he was never without, the way some doctors couldn't be parted from their stethoscopes. When he had finished his quick evaluation he stood up, tucking the light back in his pocket. "Stay with her, Esme; I'm going to go find Gerandy." His calm manner was still perfectly in place, but I could tell he wasn't pleased with the man by the way he left the honorific off his name. oOo Carlisle I left the little side room and stood still for a moment, turning my head slowly as I tested the scents in the air. I caught Dr Gerandy's and strode over to him. "Gerandy!" "Ah, Cullen; is your wife here tonight?" "Yes," I said briefly. "And your wife needs you to take her home; she's feeling ill." Gerandy snorted. "Is she still on about that? She didn't want to come tonight, but I told her it was my professional duty. So then she tries to get out of going by claiming a headache practically on the way out the door; don't tell me she has you fooled." "I'm a doctor, Gerandy; it's not a matter of being 'fooled.' Her temperature and heart rate are both slightly elevated, and her eyes are noticeably red." Noticeable even to a human, I was sure. He shook his head. "You're the one who's so sure she's sick, Cullen, you take her home." I stared at him for a moment, trying to gauge whether he actually meant it; the idea of so casually asking another male to take one's wife home was completely foreign and slightly repugnant to me. "Are you…serious, Gerandy?" He shrugged. "If she wants to go home that badly, fine, but I'm not taking her." He grinned slyly. "You wouldn't try anything, not with that looker you've got." The man had to have been drinking too many alcoholic beverages; there was simply no other explanation for his behavior, though for some reason it wasn't apparent in his scent. "Fine," I said tightly. "She has keys to the house?" "Yeah." "All right, then; I'll see you there in an hour or so." I turned away quickly, before the urge to strike him could become too strong to resist. "Esme, Gerandy asked us to take his wife home," I told her; "stay here while I bring the car around." I left without waiting for a response, and drew a deep breath of the cold air outside, trying to calm my righteous indignation. Sometimes I was sure I would never fully understand humans. I pulled the car up in front of the doors, reclining the front passenger seat and leaving the heat running as I returned inside. I pulled my coat on and draped Esme's over my arm, then found Mrs Gerandy's coat and purse by scent. "Here, Esme," I said softly, holding her coat for her as she slipped into it. I couldn't resist one quick kiss…I never could. "Help her up," I murmured softly. Esme slipped an arm around Mrs Gerandy, helping her to her feet, and I assisted her with her coat. "Carlisle," Esme murmured urgently, alerting me to the fact that Mrs Gerandy was leaning on her quite heavily. I put a hand on her shoulder. "Mrs Gerandy, I think I should probably carry you." I bent and lifted her easily, though she had obviously put on some weight since her younger years. "Just close your eyes; relax. Esme, bring her purse." Her heartbeat still seemed steady, but I didn't like how near to fainting she had appeared. Esme hurried ahead of me and opened the passenger door of the Mercedes. I laid Mrs Gerandy carefully in the seat, then shrugged out of my coat and folded it to tuck under her head. "Just rest," I told her; "we'll have you home soon." A faint smile crossed her lips. I hurried around the car to