Disclaimer: The world is Rick Riordan's. A friend of mine who wants to write a novel decided to try her hand at fanfiction. After reading the start of her story, I fell in love with the idea of one of her characters. I wanted to write a backstory for her to give the character more depth. So here we are! Most of her characters are OCs, so Rick doesn't own them. Audrey never thought that she was a normal girl. She always had the worst time making friends, always had an overactive imagination, always struggled behind the class when it came to reading. But she never imagined she was different DNA strange. Her first monster attacked her at 8 years old. Her parents (those betrayers) were picking up her baby brother from day care every day as opposed to waiting for her at the bus stop. It was in times like those that she really wondered if she belonged, or if they would be happier with her normal sibling. Nevertheless, it forced her to walk home by herself, while it was beginning to rain. With a huff of annoyance, the girl crossed her arms and began the trek. As she rounded the corner and went down the street, Audrey saw something odd. In the middle of the road, there was a black labrador, and it was looking directly at her. With a frown, the little girl went closer. "Are you lost, little guy?" she asked, bending down so she wouldn't frighten it. The creature that appeared to be a dog didn't move. It only licked its lips, and Audrey, even as a 8 year old, didn't know if she felt safe anymore. "I'm sorry, doggie, but I'm going home." She turned and started running the other direction as fast as possible, breathing hard, backpack bumping up and down. She didn't know why, but she knew something was wrong. From behind her, the dog released a guttural howl, a sound so terrifying she nearly keeled over. The creature began to race after her, murder in its eyes, muscles rippling and shifting beneath the skin. The black fur became ashen, regular canines became enlarged, and the tail became longer and spiked. With a horrified wail from Audrey up ahead, the labrador was now a monster. And it was determined to kill. To her credit, she was only 8 years old. There was no way she could've been able to outrun the creature (she later learned it was a hellhound) all 300ft to her house. The fact that she even made it back almost half the way was incredible, given her size, but she didn't stand a chance when the monster began to pounce. Soaring through the air and landing squarely on her shoulders, painfully pining her down, the creature barred its fangs and proceeded to attack her. Audrey didn't make things easy, though: she squirmed and thrashed her arms against the powerful forelegs, yanking and grabbing at the fur, before finally biting down on its paw. With a yowl, the leg momentarily came up, and she rolled out of the way. She knew the same thing would likely happen if she tried to go back home again, so she had to take care of it then. Audrey grabbed her backpack strap and hit the creature over the head, hoping to knock it out. That clearly didn't work, and the monster whipped out its claws and sliced open the front pockets of her backpack when she tried to swing it again. It was becoming clear that even if she wanted to hurt this thing, nothing on hand would do the trick. Maybe she should have taken the opportunity to run after all. I'm going to die without getting home , she thought as it nicked her leg and dragged her back under. I didn't get to drive, or say goodbye, or make a single friend . The creature now had her backed up between a neighbor's fence, which was already too high to jump over and too flat to find a grip on, and she knew she was utterly doomed. It was the end of the line, and she wasn't about to go out silent. So Audrey screamed. She shrieked the most bloodcurdling, loud, terror inspiring scream of her short life. The monster winced slightly, but then he looked up. She was still screeching, the tug in her gut that she assumed was nervousness getting stronger with every second. But above them, the rain had stopped falling. The droplets hung in midair, frozen as if they were hanging from the sky by threads. They waited anxiously, as if wanting a command. The girl, realizing she wasn't dead quite yet, stopped screaming and opened her eyes. The instant she did, the water crashed onto the monster, crushing it with spiked drops and pure force. In seconds, it was done. The creature was flattened into oblivion and cast into a puddle of yellow flecks, like gold dust. In a mute sort of shock, the young girl picked up her backpack slowly and resolved to run home as fast as possible. She had no idea what had happened, but she just wanted to feel abnormal again. Slightly out of tune with the other children, slightly out of place. Not this, whatever it had been. Now she was slightly estranged and a freak of nature. But she lived, she reflected hours later, as her mother examined her slit backpack with a look of suspicion. Unexpectedly, a feeling of pride rushed through the 8 year old. How many of those kids at school that danced around her could say that they had survived through all of that ? Put that way, it almost sounded . . . special. She wasn't a freak. She was just special, and they weren't, and that's why she couldn't make friends. With that in her mind, Audrey got up from her place on the couch and hugged her mother, causing her to stop fiddling with the pocket. Special indeed. Her neighbor, Ms. Stevenson, was an elderly old woman down the block that lived by herself. She was tough as nails and quick as a whip, despite her age of 87, and she had taken a shining to Audrey when she had moved in. The girl had clearly been different, and she looked like she needed someone, so the woman had decided to step up. Heaven knew Audrey would need it. That's why it was no surprise when, a week later, the girl came to Ms. Stevenson's porch. "Ms. Stevenson, something came after me. I thought it was a dog, but it wasn't. It was evil," she told her bluntly, which seems to be the characteristic of every child. They call things as they are. "I imagine that it did," nodded her companion, eyes full of remembrance. "I knew you were one the minute you came - I'm surprised it waited so long to attack, actually." "So you believe me?" "Why wouldn't I? You're a terrible liar, you know," clucked Ms. Stevenson. "My cat would have better luck misleading me, my dear." Audrey's face fell and she scuffed at the ground with her toes. "Mommy didn't believe me." "It's hard for her to understand and believe, is all," she explained to the child. "Grown ups can be like that, dear. It's just the way they are." "Is it because I'm special?" the 8 year old blurted out. "Did the thing come after me because I'm special?" With a sigh, Ms. Stevenson got up out of her porch chair and opened the front door. "Come along, child. I've got quite a lot to show you." She dragged the young girl up through her house, taking her into the very top. Within a closed box in the attic, the woman pulled out a gleaming golden necklace and a worn mythology book. "These were two things I used when I was your age. Always wear the necklace, dear, just to be safe. It's made from something called celestial bronze, and the thought of it alone will make them weary. They'll leave you alone a little more." Dutifully, Audrey grabbed the necklace and put it on, feeling stronger, somehow. "It's also a weapon, my dear. You see the charm on the chain? It's enchanted." "With magic?" "Yes, with magic," she laughed. "But good magic. When you need protection, think of a tool, a weapon to use. It will turn into a dagger so you can destroy the monsters. Understood?" The young girl nodded. "Good. Now, the book is normal. It's human made, but it's a reference guide for the things that attacked you. You need to read about the myths in this book, child - they are real, and this will tell you how to keep sending them away." Ms. Stevenson leaned in, her nose almost touching Audrey's. "You're a half blood, Audrey. One of your parents was a god or goddess." "A god?" she asked, screwing up her nose. "My daddy is a health inspector." "Yes, but is he you biological dad, sweetheart? I doubt it was your mom - you look just like her. An almost carbon copy, actually." "My daddy is my daddy, I think," Audrey asserted, hefting up her book and her necklace. "He's my father." "Maybe," Ms. Stevenson replied, seeming less than convinced. "You better run along now, dear; your mother is probably wondering where you are." "Before I leave, I just wanted to ask you about something, ma'am," said the little girl. "About earlier." "Yes?" "Are you special, too?" Ms. Stevenson paused, considering the question. " . . . yes. Once, yes." And like that, the girl nodded and left, running out the door and back home. She had a long life ahead of her. On the eve of her second battle at age 10, she didn't forget the things elderly Ms. Stevenson had told her. She wore the necklace everywhere, fingering the strange metal charm. She, despite being behind her group when reading, began to read the mythology textbook every second of the day, and soon became an avid reader of most anything despite her dyslexia. Her grades began to get better and her writing was greatly improved. Those 10 minutes in the attic really impacted her for the better, it seemed. But she still wasn't normal. She was half godling, if that was true, and Audrey had a different dad. At 8 it had seemed so hard to believe that her daddy could be anything other than her father, but she supposed that there were little things. The way her brother Liam shared his eyes and his smile, but she didn't. His easygoing way with people was lost on her. His love of pretzels definitely wasn't inherited. It didn't matter, though, in the end. Because he was there, and her real dad wasn't, so he was her daddy, no matter who her father was. The man at home still loved her like a daughter, and that was what counted. In the schoolyard, after everybody else had left, Ms. Barnes, the school counselor, went up to her. Though she was acting perfectly normal, just watching Audrey sit on the swings, she couldn't shake the initial feeling that something was wrong. Audrey starred at the woman's eyes as she talked to her about behavioral problems in class. She was yammering on about school safety rules and how Audrey wasn't following them, but the girl didn't pay them any attention. She continued to look at her eyes, searching for a sign that this wasn't the real Ms. Barnes, something to confirm that the nagging feeling in her stomach wasn't just a trick of the mind. There. Her eyes shifted. They hadn't ever blinked, but there was a definite shift in them that she couldn't quite explain. This couldn't be Ms. Barnes. Something about those eyes weren't quite . . . human. Summoning her knife, Audrey held the celestial bronze hilt in her unpracticed