Disclaimer: I have never owned anything, certainly not book or character rights. Those belong to some lady named Suzanne Collins . I am poor and this story won't change that because I'm not making money off it. A/N: Hello and thank you for reading (assuming you continue) my Hunger Games fic. It starts during the announcement for the Quarter Quell. I'm staying true to everything up until that point. (I assume you've read the books so I'm not going to breakdown everything that happened up to now) With one exception. Gale is one year younger, so instead of being 18 during the 74th game he was 17. Making him only one year older than Katniss, and still eligible for the Games. This fic will be told from multiple POVs, the in the first half, Katniss, Gale, Prim, Peeta, and Haymitch will all have sections. When I'm in each POV I'm going to try to keep the vocabulary and tone of each character authentic. Considering that in the books they mentioned that schooling was more about vocation then actual academics, I'm don't think they'd be able to describe things quite as well as I'd like to. I hope that the authenticity adds to the story and I know that the content and depth of the story itself will make up for it. Also, as the story progresses some of our characters will be in new situations which will broaden their horizons, so it will get better as the story goes on. When I change from one POV to another there will be a line break between them put whose POV it is in parentheses at the begining. Thank you again and all reviews appreciated. Knightingale Written by: DBlaze Proofread by: Ellenka Chapter 1 (Katniss) I'm sitting in the kitchen of the house in the Victor's Village. I can't really call it home yet. Hell, I might never really call it home, who knows where I'll be living once I'm married... I still can't believe that. I had no choice but to say yes, and I still had hope that if we played our parts well enough, maybe we could get out of all this. Turns out our union and love story was exactly what moved the rebellion, at least that's what I'm told. Now I'm just wondering if a wedding is all the president has in store for us. Somehow I just can't bring myself to be that hopeful. I'm in the middle of this very thought for the trillionth time when a sound I have come to despise fills my ears. It's the National Anthem. Just perfect, time to parade me in my dresses to the Capitol so they can choose what I'll get married in, and have even more say over my life. My sister and mother are here and I may even be having a conversation with them but my mind isn't here. This was a technique I developed years ago to stop Prim from worrying when my mind was racing to find ways to feed our family. It's been a mainstay of my being for years. It's also how I kept my cool during the games - being able to effectively operate while paying absolutely no attention to what you are doing. Gale is good at it too, in the forest we use it to heighten our senses while we gather and track. Here it's used to drone out things you don't want to pay attention to. It's usually foolproof, provided nothing extreme happens to snap me out of it. For example, the voice of a man that makes my skin crawl, my teeth clench and my fists ball. Just the sound his voice is enough to fill my nostrils with his putrid stench. Snow. Now I'm locked onto the screen of our TV and my eyes try to burn holes in his head though the screen. I know it's pointless but I still appreciate the effort on their part. So as he begins to talk about the next games my heart races. I had forgotten. The Quarter Quell... Every 25 years a special games was held to make an even bigger spectacle of the massacre and make everyone that much more hopeless. They add a special rule; so far both were in the choosing process. So I imagine this year it will be the same. Then my heart starts to race, Snow can control what the rule is, he could do anything. Even select them personally. He recaps the rules of the last two Quells but I'm so anxious about the third that they don't register. Besides, I've heard it before. Then he reaches for the envelope with the new rule in it and opens it. "For the Seventy-fifth Anniversary of the rebellion, to remind all those foolish enough to stand against the Capitol that they bring death to those they love as well. Each Tribute when selected with have to choose a companion of reaping age and the opposite sex to join them in the Arena." His cold eyes look directly into the screen and even though it's silly for me to try, I can somehow feel the burn of his stare. Prim gasps and my mother's look turns to stone. "Not only twice the children, but making them choose? Those monsters." Her voice is barely a whisper but I can see the screaming in her eyes when she looks at me. My mother knows better than to talk about the Capitol like that but I can hardly blame her. I leave, not having the heart to tell her this is almost certainly because of me. "...they bring death to those you love as well." I should get that phrase out of my head. I know it was meant for me but the reaping isn't for months so I won't really know what he's got planned until then. So I shouldn't think about it. After five minutes of walking, and not being able to think of anything else, I already know that this is going to be a long couple of months. Because no matter how many ways I look at it, there is only one answer... (Gale) You really can't imagine how it feels to be whipped, and really why would you want to? But me, I don't have to imagine. A few short weeks ago I found out firsthand what it's like, and you know what? It really fucking hurts. But I think what hurts worse is the knowing everyone saw me like that. She saw me like that. And worse still is having to watch it happen to others. Ever since Thread became the new Head Peacekeeper, whippings have become commonplace. A lot of things have become commonplace, nasty things. And my usual escape is lost to me. Now that the electricity is now constantly running through the fence, the forest has been completely cut off. Our biggest fear in District 12 (besides the games, of course) used to be starving to death; it's strange to miss those days. I also miss sunlight, being in these mines all day sucks the life out of me. I say that, but starving to death never really scared me, it pissed me off. When I realized that with my father gone my mother couldn't do it alone, I made the decision that I was going to take care of my family, which meant no more being afraid. Which I thought was the grown up thing to do. Too bad it's not that easy to turn off your fear. No you can't do that yourself, something else needs to do that for you. In my case it was someone. Of all the things I met in those woods that I wasn't ready for, without question I was the most unprepared for her. "Catnip" Everdeen, at least that's what I heard. She tried telling me later that it was "Katniss", but after the Lynx incident, Catnip it was. Long before she was the Girl on Fire, she was the girl with the bow. My best friend, my teacher, my student, my confidant, my Partner. She taught me to use a bow, I taught her snares. We'd spend hours together hunting and she'd listen to me rant. I don't care if things aren't quite the same since she was reaped. I don't care if the Capitol is forcing her to be with someone else. She's still my Catnip. Needless to say, this has put me in a bit of a rough spot. My partner is at the center of a sick game being played by a man with the power to do whatever he wants, whenever he wants, to whomever he wants. Not to mention the twisted sense of humor that makes sport of kids killing one another. Our relationship... has been better. And I have no idea how to get back to what we had. Especially considering she's not really supposed to see me too much, it wouldn't look good. Not with her upcoming wedding... My stomach was in my throat the second the words came out of the president's mouth. (And I thought I hated him before.) My mind ran in a million directions all at once, I was dizzy and I could hear my heartbeat in my ears. Peeta Mellark is going to marry my Catnip and if I try to do anything about it, everyone I care about will be dead. Did I say rough spot? I meant the seventh circle of hell, okay maybe sixth circle. I know I don't have it the worst and that makes me even angrier. This whole game is about her. The president sees us all as tools to get to her and he's right, I hate to admit it but it's the way I'd do it. The man barely registers me as a pawn and yet, he still crafted my perfect hell by coincidence. The man has a gift for sadism and I would sell my soul to shove it down his reptilian throat. I finish up the last of my work and make my way back towards the elevator. My group worked a little late today, not nearly as anxious to get to the surface when a mandatory broadcast is scheduled. Nothing they ever say is good and it will be the talk of the district for days, no need to rush to the bad news. I'm pretty sure I heard that this was going to be about Catnip's wedding dress. She's the one I'm really worried about right now. With everything that's going on, I know she's tearing herself apart. She's worrying about everyone but herself, which is okay, because that's my job. I'm her partner. The part that's not okay is her thinking this is all her fault - what happened during her games, the uprising, even all the changes that happened here. She blames herself when the Capitol, and that bastard Snow, should be taking the blame. If you asked anyone else (in a dark corner far away from other people) they'd tell you in a second this was all the Capitol's doing. But not my Catnip, the girl wouldn't know what to do if the weight of the world wasn't on her shoulders. But that's exactly why I love her. She's the only person who understood everything I was going through without either of us saying a word, because she was going through it too. So here I am and despite the futility, I haven't stopped trying to figure out a way to get her out of this. Damn, I wish she just would've run away with me before any of this ever happened. I laugh. Yeah right, I couldn't have left without my family anymore than she could. It was just a daydream that I needed to say out loud. It's proof to how stupid I am. That was my first real attempt to tell her I had feelings for her,