I pull on my cheerleading uniform. I put my hair into a pony tail, tying a blue ribbon around it. I glance at my outfit in the mirror; perfect. I grab my bag from my bed, going downstairs. Mom was sitting on the couch reading proofreading her book. She was getting in published and in just a few months they would begin printing copies, after all the edits were done. "All ready?" Mom asks, looking up at me with a smile. "Edward is waiting in the car." "Okay." I say. I go into the kitchen, grabbing an apple. I normally didn't have time for breakfast. I liked to be rather active. I was in charge of several committee's at school and I was the co-captain of the cheerleading team. I bite into my apple as I run to the garage. I get into the passenger seat of Edward's volvo. He looks at me with a questioning expression. It was the same everyday, whether I brought breakfast or not. "Is that your breakfast?" Edward asks a he starts the car. He backs out of the garage, speeding down our long driveway. "Do you have a problem with it?" I question. I was busy, I couldn't eat. Edward rolls his eyes. "You know, breakfast is the most important meal of the day." "Tomorrow is the game." I say, switching the subject. Edward, Emmett, and Jasper were on the football team in Forks High. Some called them jocks, but I called them my family. Rosalie is Jasper's sister, and she is captain of the cheerleading team. Bella, Emmetts sister, mostly hung out of the bleachers. Balance has never been Bellas thing. It is the six of us, we all hang out together. It was like this from the start(7 years ago) even though we have one to two year age gaps. We were all lonely and I figured throwing us together wouldn't be so bad. In the end, we ended up best friends. "Are you nervous?" I ask. "A little bit." Edward shrugs. Tomorrow was the game against Seattle's best team. They were known to beat anyone of any rank. "I bet Rosalie is going to keep you after school." "Why?" "Just face it Alice, you suck at cheerleading!" Edward grins at me. I glare at him. I was the only freshman to ever make it on the cheerleading team. We were pretty good, compared to most teams in Washington. I was so good that even Jessica, who hated me, could not turn me down. She was captain last year. This year, Rosalie was voted to be the new captain, so she took up the job. Jessica is still on the team, but she is mostly put in the back. We get to the school, I get out. Jasper, Emmett, Rosalie, and Bella were all by Emmetts car. We walk over to them. Bella embraces Edward and I go straight to Jasper. Six friends, three couples. That was how it was from freshman year. Jasper wraps his arms around me. "Hey Alice." Rosalie says. "Did you practice?" "Did you think otherwise?" I grin. Rosalie laughs. The bell rings and we go to our classes. I was ahead in most subjects,which made me rather mature. I had Spanish with Rosalie, Biology with Edward and Jasper, and Government with Rosalie and Jasper. The rest of the classes Bella and I shared. "So what did your parents say about coming to the movies tonight?" Emmett asks. "Unsurprisingly, they agreed." Edward says. "I dont think I can go tonight." I say. "Why?" Rosalie asks. "Come on, you have to! It is couples night out, for gods sakes our parents are going out." "I have a lot of homework. And my parents aren't going anywhere." My excuse was a pathetic lie. Everyone could see straight through it. "Yes, Alice. A lot of homework. Forget it, none of us can go out because of the workload Mr. Banner gave us." Emmett says. "Alice you are never behind in anything! You are always on top of yourself. I am seriously thinking of recruiting you next year for captain of the cheerleading team." Rosalie says. "And debate club!" Bella says. "Guys! Come on, I am already on the squad, I am head of the chair committee-Which by the way sounds so much worse than it is, I am the main coordinator for the activities section in the school, I am one of the co-leaders for drama, I am working at the library, and I go to school." Bella and Rosalie raise their eyebrows "Edward, back me up." "I dont see how you will be doing any of that at ten pm tonight." Jasper says. "Please! Just let me opt out of this just once." I beg. "I never opt out of anything, you know that. But I have a meeting with the carnival committee. Something happened with the games, they are all messed up." "Alright. Once!" Rosalie says with a small smirk. "Thank you!" "Alright girls! We have gone through the routines three times." Rosalie yells after we practiced our cheer routine three times. "Tomorrow is the big game so we are going to pass on more practice today. Just review your routines quickly and prepare yourself! Good luck!" Everyone slowly begins trickling away. I walk up to Rosalie. "Prepare yourself?" "Shut up!" Rosalie says. "Hey Mom!" I call. "Hey kids." Mom says, coming downstairs. "I have to go to the store. There is some fruit if you are hungry. She takes her purse and keys from the table." I go to the kitchen, looking at the fruit selection and deciding with an apple again. I go upstairs to my room, throwing my bookbag on my bed. I sit in my chair, pulling myself up to the desk. My laptop was already opened. I reloaded my email and saw several emails from the committees I was on. I began replying to them slowly. "Hey, Alice." Edward comes inside. "Hey." I say, looking up from my computer. "I am going out." Edward says. "Emmett, Jasper and I are goi go to play football." "Okay." I say. I turn back to my computer. "Have you started on your homework yet?" Edward asks. "Uh, no. Emails. I am organizing a walk in december, I need to prepare I am incharge of the floats for the parade and the carnival. Oh, and Bellas birthday party. It is a surprise, so if you say anything I will kill you." "Are you forgetting the school dance? Arent you on that committee too?" "Umm, no." I say, my voice was distracted. I was distracted. "Preparations for that start in a week." "Copy off my biology work." Edward says before he leaves. "Thanks!" I yell. I turn around in my chair, grabbing my bag. I close my laptop, putting it on the side. Edward POV "Is Alice finished with homework?" Mom asks when I come home. "Oh, god! Look at you. Go take a shower." "When I left she was just starting on it." I say. "Emails?" Mom asks. "I don't understand how she still has black hair? I mean by now anyone who is human would have gone prematurely white!" I say. Mom throws a glance my way. "Edward, she does it to distract herself. You know that." "I know." I say, sitting down at the table. Alice walks into the kitchen. "Hey Mom, Edward." She opens the fridge. "Hey, I am already making dinner." Mom says. "I am going to pass on dinner tonight. Angela needs help with the float designs." "Uh, I don't think so. You need to eat Alice." "Mom, it is vitally important that the float designs are done by tonight. Tomorrow I am busy and on Saturday the football team and cheerleading team and making them." "Excuse me?" I ask. "Edward, don't argue. I signed you up already." Mom sighs. "You can eat and work up in your room, but if I get a full plate of food back like last week you don't get to do it anymore." "Thanks Mom!" Alice leaves, going back upstairs. Alice POV "Alright then. Thanks, Angela. Bye!" I turn off my phone, putting it down on my desk. I look at the plate of food next to me and groan. I hadn't taken a single bite and Mom was going to kill me. I look at the time. They would probably still be eating. I pick up my plate, going downstairs. I was right, they were. "Hey Alice." Dad says. "Hi Dad." I sit down. "You are eating with us." Edward states. "Angela and I finished early. Actually, I am not really that hungry and-" "Hold it right there, Alice Cullen." Mom says. You are doing so much as it is and you are going to get sick if you don't eat." "Mom! Sometimes people aren't hungry." "I realize that. But this isn't healthy. Edward told me you are passing on going out with your friends tomorrow. You begged for three hours." "I know, but then something came up and-" "Alice, honey you need your life sorted out. You made a commitment, you need to stick with it. If you aren't as committed to your friends as you are with your other things they won't be as committed with you." Dad tells me. I sigh. "I am sorry. I will make more time for them." "And your family!" Mom adds. "Alright." I say, looking down. I begin pushing my food from side to side. "So, how was school?" Dad asks a few minutes later. "Oh, you know, the usual." I shrug. "I had a test in government today, I got two questions wrong." "That's good." Mom says. "How was the math test you had a few days ago." "I got a B, but it could have been worse!" I say. "How about you, Edward?" Mom asks, turning toward Edward. "I haven't had tests recently, but school is going alright." Edward says, looking up at them. "How about football practice?" Dad asks. "Normal. Tomorrow is the game, and after whether we lose or not we are going for pizza." Edward says. "The cheerleading squad is going with them." I add. "Great. We'll be there for the game." Dad says. After we finish eating Edward and I clear the table and Dad puts the food away. Once we finished, Mom did the dishes. We go into the family room. Mom started working on her book again, and Dad switched on the tv to get the news scores for the teams playing today, Edward joined him, both watching the tv intently. I grabbed my biology book, studying for the test I had in a few days. After about a half an hour, Edward left to the movies where he was meeting our friends. After a few hours, we started getting ready for bed. I hated sleeping. It was when my dreams haunted me. Ever since I was little I would have dreams, they used to keep me up for hours and they still do. I used to ponder over them and they scared me. To distract myself, I took on hours of work from anywhere I could get it. I lay down in my bed, staring up at the blank ceiling. I was tired, but I knew if I closed my eyes the images I would be able to see. Eventually, after lying there I fell asleep. I wake up gasping. I look at the clock. It was 6:30 AM. I laid my head back down as I counted how many times I had woken up tonight. Three times, this would have been the fourth. I glance at the clock again. I would have to wake up to get to school in forty minutes, no use going back to sleep. I push the blankets off of my, sitting up. My room was just light enough that I could make out my pieces of furniture. I stand up, going to my