Title: Starcrossed Characters: Legolas, the fellowship, and pretty much everyone in the movies. Disclaimer: Must I say it? Really? It breaks my heart just to think of it, but no... I DONT OWN IT. None of the characters are mine . Warning: Contains major angst, Characters deaths, Violence, oh, and disturbing scenes of someone who seems quite literally insane. A/N: So, yay! I'm glad I finally had the will to accomplish something! I don't usually do big chapters, but you get a lot more in them, and its more fun for the reador (I guess?). I'll be putting alot of angst into this fic. Of course there are character death since this is movie-verse (Sorry to the book-verse fans out there!), but one or two may not be expected *wink wink* Obviously R&R I don't think there's any more to this note, except for the fact that I'm going to try and get Legolas to bond with as many unlikely characters as I can, including my other favourite- by possibly more than Legolas- character Boromir :) Read on! Starcrossed Expected and Unexpected. "Legolas!" Boromir's deafening roar rang through Frodo's ears, as the man of Gondor sloshed through the water carrying the small hobbit. Within a second, an arrow flitted elegantly past Frodo's face to embed itself in the giant watcher close behind. "Into the mines!" Another voice bellowed, it's tone panicked, but through the confusion Frodo couldn't make out the speaker, horribly aware of the flailing tentacles at their heels. The watcher squealed and shrieked with such ferocity that they were spurred on, running at a pace they themselves hadn't known they'd possessed, but no sooner had they stumbled inside that a great thundering shook the walls, and they turned to see rock upon rock protecting them from the monster; barring their entrance and exit. For a few deathly silent moments the Company held their breath, when finally a soft white light blossomed from atop Gandalf's staff, banishing the darkness and restoring light to the pitch black of Moria. "Then the choice has been made for us." Gandalf's voice was grave, his face weary in the luminous light. "We must risk the four day journey through Moria; let us pray our presence goes unnoticed." Without another word the old Wizard passed the companions and raised his staff to spread light as he strode into the black of Moria. Vaguely, Frodo was aware of ascending steps as they trudged, but the world seemed a dream to him. He, Frodo Baggins of the Shire, was where even a Hobbit's mind would never venture. He, Frodo Baggins of the Shire, walked in the presence of men, elves and dwarves alike: royalty and leaders of their own kin. He, Frodo Baggins of the Shire, balanced the fate of the world upon his breast. And yet Frodo Baggins couldn't help but wish that none of this had happened. True, they had yet to face casualties. And true, his companions were still capable of being light of heart- at this thought he stole a glance at Pippin- but the ring was having its effect on him. No matter how hard he tried, or how hard he argued with his conscience, he could not see the end of this. Somehow he, Frodo Baggins of the Shire, doubted both himself and the fellowship. Silently he gazed at each companion, assessing them each in turn. Sam trudged next to him: his most trusted and cherished friend. He couldn't think of a time when Sam wasn't there, helping him up after a fall; backing him in an argument; even staggering with him all the way to Bag-end after a night at the bar. Sam was devoted to all things living, from plants to hobbits, and it was these qualities that made Frodo so attached to him. Behind he could hear the chatter of Merry and Pippin. Concerning his troublesome and mischievous cousins, Frodo couldn't remember a time when the two had been separate. Together they were partners in mischief, and they were those who found an inkling of light in the dark: Pippin with his innocent curiosity, and Merry with his jolly pragmatism. As always, Gandalf led the company with his staff: the wizard was as dear to him as his Uncle Bilbo. Gandalf had been there even before he was born: the ever-loyal friend of Bilbo, and a friend to him too. Gandalf, with his ingenious fireworks and brass chuckle, was a mentor to Frodo for whenever he had troubles. The long and steady strides tapping beside Gandalf's were plainly Strider; he had not known the ranger for long, but the man held such a manner and radiance that one could not even hesitate to trust him, and trust him Frodo did. The ranger had not failed him yet. Isildur's heir never put himself above anyone else, even with his position to the throne. At the rear, Boromir was harder to read. At first the man had seemed arrogant, wanting to use the ring of power instead of destroying it, but as they travelled Frodo began to learn more of the Gondorian. This was a man who'd spent his life in the shadow Mordor, pushed to the brink of his capabilities day after day by his father and Steward. The man had sacrificed much for his kingdom, and he only wanted what was best for his home: he was the noblest of men, and perhaps that was why the ring affected him so. Frodo would be forever thankful for the Gondorian's kindness to his younger cousins; were he more obstinate, Pippin and Merry would have none to show them they were not simply extra weight. Gimli had taken up a new position at the front, where Gandalf had use of him as a guide. However, the long and twisting chambers of rock that was Moria, though of course he tried his best to hide it, confounded even the dwarf. Frodo was sure he'd heard Gimli many a time muttering something along the lines of "-Damn elf-…-never hear the end of it-" Legolas's footsteps were a mere ghost on the stone floor. The elf, walking silently just ahead of him and to the left, still had his bow nocked. It may have been Frodo's imagination, but it seemed the elf was uneasy, here in the dark. He walked in a half crouch, ready to launch an arrow at the first sign of danger, and his eyes darted from side to side- though how he could see anything in this gloom, Frodo knew not. As if feeling the hobbit's eyes on him, Legolas glanced back at him, and the uneasiness vanished in an instant to be replaced with a warm, reassuring smile. Frodo couldn't help but smile back, and noted with relief that as they continued, the elf replaced the arrow back into his quiver. Frodo liked the kind woodland Elf from the start, and although Frodo hadn't got to know him as much as Aragorn, he was sure he could confide in the elf. He'd since learned the stark differences between the elves of Mirkwood and Rivendell, the most obvious of which being the colour contrasts- Rinvendell's garments being a rich purple, and those of Mirkwood's being every shade of green and brown. The elves of Mirkwood must be rather attached to Arda , Frodo mused. "-for a roast chicken right now, Mr Frodo." He heard Sam saying, and instinctively nodded an agreement. He was beginning to tire; they must have already been walking for hours, and to his delight Gandalf stopped and turned to the rest of the company. "We will rest here. Legolas and I will take the watches." He informed them bluntly, taking off his hat and stiffly bending down to settle on a rock. With relieved sighs the company heaved their packs from their aching backs and rolled out their sleeping mats, making light banter as they sat and shared out food. "Are you okay, Mr Frodo?" Sam asked him eventually. "I'm fine, Sam." Frodo replied with a small smile, seeing the hint of sadness in Sam's eyes. "And furthermore, I'm sure Bill will be fine too, Sam. He's as smart as any pony goes... you've made sure of that." "Thanks, Mr Frodo." Sam smiled gratefully back at him, the sadness fading, "I bet he's back in Rivendell already stuffing his face with all the grass he can eat! My gaffer always used to say ponies don't half-" Sam's joyful voice was suddenly interrupted by another, angry, voice. "I do not see any reason for which I could possibly have your axe!" The fellowship inwardly groaned as they recognised the unmistakable sound of Legolas and Gimli in the throws of yet another argument. "What! Of course you can, you insufferable elf ! Where is it?" Dwarf argued back, his face reddening, but from anger more than his need to look upwards at his opponent. "I would not touch that tin instrument with a rag , foolish dwarf !" Legolas hissed back. The two were so close that it was as though they'd embrace, if not for their clenched fists and seething words. "My tin instrument is much better than your flimsy sticks . A dwarfling could cause more damage!" Gimli's face was now a dark beetroot red. "Ha!" Legolas snorted, or the elvish equivalent to one. "Your tin rusts. Avo bedo brith !" In comparison to the dwarf's red face, the elf's own had not changed colour in the slightest, but his fair features now twisted uncharacteristically into a sneer of anger. /Don't speak gravel! / The fellowship watched, expressions a mix of horror and awe, as the dwarf snapped. Of course, Gimli had not known what had been said, but the meaning was clear and with a furious yell he launched himself onto the elf. Legolas could have easily dodged, maybe retaliated, but with his attention tampered by anger he tripped on the rough terrain and slammed onto the rock, the dwarf driving all the air from his lungs as he landed on top of him. For a moment the elf seemed stunned and did nothing to push off the dwarf, only blinking dazedly. " Gimli !" Aragorn, Gandalf and Boromir cried in unison, immediately rushing forward to break the two apart. Frodo, Sam and Merry stood, uncertain if they should help, while Pippin sat on the floor, an apple frozen near his gaping mouth as he stared. Gimli was landing punches on the elf, while the elf did likewise, punches unhindered by the weight pinning him to the ground. The men and wizard seemed hard pressed separating Gimli from Legolas, and so all four hobbits dove in to assist. A few minutes of struggling and grunting later, Gandalf, Aragorn, Merry and Pippin managed to wrench the dwarf from the elf, holding him back as Frodo, Boromir and Sam pulled Legolas from the ground. A small trickle of blood peeked from a small gash over his left eye and his back was coated with dust from the floor, yet he glared towards Gimli with pure hatred as Boromir stood in front, restraining him. Frodo held Legolas's arm tightly and, pulling back, he tugged on the arm until Legolas turned his head to him. Frodo sent him a pleading look, and the elf relaxed, his features softening in understanding before he stalked away from the group. "That is quite enough, Gimli- this is the last thing we need." Gandalf scolded furiously. "I had not realised Lord Elrond had chosen children to accompany this fellowship." Gimli calmed somewhat at the words, but nevertheless grumbled as he trudged back to his sleeping mat and plopped onto it with a huff. Frowning and shaking their heads wearily, the others made their way back to their own mats, resumed eating as if nothing had happened. "Where is Legolas?" Frodo eventually asked Aragorn, seemingly the only one concerned the elf had yet to come back. "He has just gone to recollect