A/N: Oh my god, I honestly just let my inner fangirl run completely rampant with this one and there is fluff and cuddling and Grima buying Eowyn things and DID I MENTION CUDDLING IN THE STREETS OF GONDOR Ahem. Apparently a tharni is a silver coin and that's what it's called in the parlance of Gondor. This is what the LOTR wiki tells me, but it could be wrong, or I could be misinformed, so I apologize if this is the incorrect name for the currency. I also have no idea what the worth of a tharni is so there's that. I apologize for any monetary inaccuracies. BUT FLUFF, OK GUYS. Edit: Since there appears to be some slight confusion with this one, this fic is set pre-Grima's betrayal to Saruman, when both Grima and Eowyn are considerably younger. Inspired by a meme on Tumblr. The prompt was from Geekhyena, and it was pretending to be married. When We Were One The last thing Gríma son of Gálmód had intended to do while in Minas Tirith was to go exploring. He was a curious man by nature, and liked to learn; but everything he had wanted to see had been within the bounds of the Steward's great palace at the pinnacle of the city, deep in its ancient library, where thousands of ancient scrolls sat waiting for his attentive eyes. But fate had a way of playing with Gríma, throwing swift and sudden surprises at him when he wanted them the least. As much as he loved Éowyn, he had not wanted to be torn away from the library, from the scrolls and dust and quiet of that archaic place – not even for her. But then she had told him that they would be alone; and not just alone, but disguised. Lovers , she'd said, her tone so offhanded, as if it were nothing. Commoners. Gríma could have done without playing at being a commoner. He had spent enough time living in filth and wearing rags to last him a lifetime. But to play at being her husband – well, for that, he would do anything. It was this and only this that had drawn him forth from the courts of the Steward and brought him out into the main city of Minas Tirith, out into the blinding sun and the roar of city life. It had been a bit much for him at first, the sounds and sights so overwhelming that he had nearly turned and run back through the gates; but with Éowyn's arm slipped firmly through his, he felt he could do anything, could be anything. He had covered her golden hair himself, delighting in finally getting to run his fingers through the tresses he'd so longed to touch. He had braided her hair and pinned it as carefully as any handmaid, and covered her head with a dark blue cloth (it seemed they were common among women in this city) until not a bit of yellow could be seen. Even so, there was something very Rohirric about her, even in Gondorian garb. Her face spoke of wild winds and chiseled rock, of night rides on the backs of beautiful steeds and surviving in the midst of a desolate, never-ending grassland. Gríma did not need any such disguise. He was, blessedly, much better suited to Gondor in looks than he ever was to Rohan. His black hair was quite common here, and went unquestioned as they wandered the streets together, eyeing market stalls and trying to avoid the sharp gazes of passing soldiers. Éowyn had found him some servants' garb, light blue and surprisingly comfortable. She had smiled when he'd come out in it, shy and embarrassed. "Blue is a good color for you," she'd said. "You should wear it more often." He doubted that any color actually suited him, but was pleased that she seemed to like it; and more pleased still that her dark blue gown complemented his tunic. That she'd gone out of her way to make certain they matched delighted him more than was reasonable. So here they were, wandering on the fifth level of Minas Tirith arm in arm as easily as if they did it every day; as if this was typical for them. Gríma did his utmost to seem unconcerned, but his heart was in his throat. If Éowyn noticed, she did her best to seem oblivious. "It's massive – this city," she remarked, tightening her grip on Gríma's arm. "I had heard it described before, but I never imagined it would be like this. It's so beautiful!" Gríma smiled fondly at her, reaching over to lay his fingers over hers. "It is indeed a marvel, my lady," he said. "It has no equal in Rohan." "It has no equal anywhere," Éowyn said, turning to stare as soldiers in smooth, flashing armor rode past. Gríma tugged on her arm, an irritable gesture; today at long last, he had her to himself, and he was going to keep it that way. She came back to his side without protest, and Gríma relaxed at once. "And so many people! Can you imagine living in a place this busy? Nothing would ever stay the same!" That would be a blessing, Gríma thought sourly. Rohan had been caught up in its ancient ideologies for far too long. Some progress might do it a world of good. "You would miss the grasslands," he said instead, "And your horses." Éowyn sagged. "The fields of Pelennor are just outside the city's walls," she said, but halfheartedly. "True," Gríma agreed. He stopped by a fruit seller's stand, picking up a peach and examining it. "But it would not be the same, and it would take much doing to leave the city to ride – particularly for you, my lady." He reached into the purse at his hip, tossed the fruit seller a coin, and handed the peach to Éowyn with a smile. She smiled back as she took it, lifting it to smell it as they walked on. "You would like it here, wouldn't you?" she said. "With the library and the scholars here..." "Yes," Gríma said, wistfully thinking of the tower library full of ancient scrolls. "Yes, I imagine I would." Éowyn drew him from his reverie with a sudden slurp. The peach was very ripe, and juice was dripping down her chin and onto her hand. She made a small, indignant cry and hurriedly pulled her arm away, trying to hide the mess from him. He laughed and reached into his pocket, pulling free a handkerchief and gently wiping the juice from her chin. She blushed prettily and took the handkerchief from him, finishing the job herself. "Thank you," she murmured, ducking her head shyly. "It's a messy fruit," he said, biting back another smile. "A bit difficult to eat at times. But delicious." Éowyn nodded, absently dabbing at her lips as she took another bite. The sights and sounds of Minas Tirith seemed to have consumed her again. "Éomer and Théodred were going to go exploring," she said. "They didn't want me out in the city, though – not even with them." It took a great deal of willpower not to tell her that they were likely planning to go out whoring and carousing – not precisely the sort of activity they would want the girl who was (or who for all intents and purposes was like) their little sister attending. Instead, he said, "Éomer and Théodred are fond of you, my lady, but they still see you as a child." Éowyn frowned, but glanced keenly towards him. "And you, my lord?" she asked softly. "Do you see me as a child?" Gríma swallowed heavily and licked his lips, trying desperately to keep his wavering gaze upon her face. "Hardly, my lady," he managed, his mouth dry. She smiled softly, and slipped her arm back through his, finishing the last remnants of her peach. She started to lick the juice from her fingers, delicately sucking it free of her fingers, and heat flared in Gríma's veins, a terrible hunger roaring to life inside him. Dear lord. Oh, dear lord... He cleared his throat and looked away, frantically attempting to clear his head of every filthy image currently inhabiting his thoughts. He glanced back at Éowyn, and decided that he needed to make her a constant gift of peaches when they returned to Edoras. "Well, it doesn't matter how they see me," Éowyn said, laying her now peach-free hand on Gríma's arm. "They can do all the exploring they wish without me; and I will do the same." She smiled up at him. "Thank you for coming with me," she added. "I know you were hoping to spend your day with the books in the library." "It's nothing at all, my princess," Gríma said, gently pulling his arm in closer. Her skirts brushed up against his leg as they walked, and he could feel the warmth of her against his side, so very close. "This is far more interesting, and likely more useful to your uncle. He certainly won't be getting out to explore the city." "Pity," said Éowyn, with a small sigh. "He would so love to see the markets here. There are so many things I've never seen before here. You could buy almost anything in the world here!" Gríma had heard that the markets of Minas Tirith had once held goods from the whole of Middle Earth, before the great shadow began to stretch forth from Mordor. Now traders were afraid to make their way to Gondor, or could not; and the goods there were considerably less than he'd imagined. Still, the selection was far more impressive than any market in Rohan. Traders were scarce there, and foreigners grew ever more unwelcome. Gríma himself could attest to that. He frowned at the thought, staring idly off at a jewelry stall not far from where they stood. Perhaps things would be better for him if he stayed here in Gondor as a liaison for King Théoden. At least then he would not be ridiculed for his strange looks or foreign blood. The jewelry seller snapped him from his thoughts with a shout. "You can come closer, if you want a better look," he said, motioning to the glittering display beneath his tent. Éowyn turned to look, eyes widening in delight at the sight of the intricate metalwork and sparkling jewels. The seller smiled at her and looked back to Gríma. "Buy something for your wife," he said. "So pretty a bride deserves a pretty little bauble, don't you think?" Gríma flushed, and opened his mouth to protest – she's not my wife; she'll never be my wife; oh lord, I wish she was – but Éowyn spoke up before he could. "Baubles have no particular value for me," she said, "As my husband well knows. Have you any other items? Daggers, perhaps? Such beautiful work suggests a familiarity with all kinds of metal." Gríma was too busy choking on his own breath to stop her as she pulled him over to the stall, eager to examine the seller's wares. She had called him husband . Had she meant it? Would she even truly consider such a possibility? It had sounded so natural, rolling off her tongue like that. She hadn't even blinked, or looked uncomfortable, or hesitated in the slightest. Did he dare to hope that she could ever think to have him? "An interesting choice," the seller was saying, arching a brow. "Are you certain you wouldn't rather leave the daggers for your husband? They won't serve you in the house at all, you know." "I hardly see how a necklace or a set of earrings will do me any good, either," Éowyn sniffed, looking over the baubles with a certain disdain. The jewels that had only moments ago delighted her had lost all their glamor at the seller's remarks. "A dagger