(Prompted by thestraggletag on Tumblr. She wanted Eowyn to seek Grima's help in proving that Shieldmaidens are an important part of Rohan's cultural history, and she wanted him to demand a kiss as a prize. This is what came forth.) I. There had never been a door so intimidating as the door to Gríma's chambers. True, the door was much the same as any other door in Meduseld. It was the same sturdy wood and iron hinges as its twins within the hall; but quite unlike those other doors, Gríma's had guards posted on either side, with locks and bars to keep out any intruders who might manage to slip past the guards. And somehow, his door seemed larger, darker, thrown deeper into shadow. He certainly kept no torches near it, as if fearing that the light would expose some weakness in the door that the darkness could obscure. Standing before it, Éowyn felt very small, and very angry. Who was Gríma, to deserve extra protection, to intimidate and frighten guests before they ever met him face to face? Was it not the king's protection Gríma should be seeing to, instead of his own? Éowyn bit her lip, swallowed her pride, and took a few steps forward. "Is he within?" she asked, raising her chin and staring coldly at the first guard. The guard hardly glanced at her. "He is," he said. "Shall I announce you, Lady Éowyn?" She hesitated. Should he? She could turn back now and no one would question it. There would be no need for this embarrassing favor, no need for her to face her uncle's counsellor alone. But then what would she tell her brother, her cousin, her uncle? What would she say when they demanded to know why she clung to her childish fantasies of battle and war? What could she say, without Gríma's help, that would convince them? There was no time to run. The door opened before she could make up her mind. "My lady," said Gríma from the shadows, voice a buttery purr. "What a pleasant surprise. What is it you require of your most humble counsellor?" Éowyn clenched her fists. His very voice was enough to set her on edge. Nothing he said ever sounded sincere. "No need for such pleasantries, my lord," Éowyn said, pushing past him uninvited. "I do not intend to take up much of your time." Gríma turned after her with a small frown. "Yes, please do come in," he said, mocking. Éowyn ignored him, quite distracted by the chambers themselves. She wasn't certain what she'd expected, but it certainly wasn't this: neatly regimented shelves of books on every wall, a perfectly clean desk with parchments stacked in perfect piles and quills laid out side by side with the sort of military precision her brother used to hang his swords. She approached the desk and lifted one of the quills, feeling Gríma's stare burn into her back. He was a surprising man, this counsellor; but she already knew his help would not come without a price, and she feared to hear what it was. She turned back to him with a small sigh, turning the quill over in her fingers. "You have some knowledge of the lore of Rohan, as I understand it," she said, hardly daring to look at him. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw him dip his head. "I am well acquainted with the subject," he agreed, "But then, my lady, so are you. You have sung all the old songs and heard all the great tales told in the hall. What more could you hope to learn from me?" Éowyn turned the quill a bit too quickly in her fingers, sending it flying to the floor. Embarrassed, she flushed and dove for it, quickly scooping it up and placing it haphazardly back on the desk. When she looked back to Gríma, she caught the tail end of his flinch. "As it happens," Éowyn said, cautiously, "There are certain stories that are not told so often any longer, and have not the historical facts to make them believable to – certain parties. I had hoped that you might provide some context for a few of the legends that might perhaps make them seem more – more – " "Realistic?" Gríma arched both nonexistent brows, smiling thinly. "I do have many volumes of greater historical veracity that might be of use for such a need. But I should need to know which tale it is you seek to validate." Eowyn's fingers twitched again. Irritated, she grabbed for something to still them – another of Gríma's quills. He followed its removal with cold, narrowed eyes, stiffening just a little as she turned it in her hands. He seemed awfully particular about their placement. Éowyn made a mental note of it. "I – I was hoping to find something about – well, about Shieldmaidens," she said, hardly daring to look at him. "Ah," he said; and with that single sound, Éowyn knew she had been laid bare before him. Cringing, she slammed the second quill onto the desk, at an angle from all the others and messily crossing the first quill. The pleasure glittering in his eyes dimmed, but did not go out entirely. "This is for your own personal research, is it?" he said, approaching the desk. He came to stand beside her, so close that the soft velvet of his cloak brushed against her arm. He removed one of the quills from its place and set it neatly beside the others, fussing with it until it was resting at precisely the same angle as the rest. "No," he corrected himself, before she could. "You mentioned certain parties. Your brother, I suppose; and your cousin as well, if I guess right." Éowyn gritted her teeth. "Perhaps." Gríma chuckled softly. "My lady, you shall find that I am quite unable to help you if I do not provide me with the details I need. What is it you seek to prove to them? Is there a specific Shieldmaiden you would have them acknowledge? Or do you hope to validate the existence of Shieldmaidens altogether? Or..." Here he paused, eyes sliding upward and piercing deeply into hers. "Is it rather that you would have them acknowledge your own right to be a Shieldmaiden, and bear arms and battle as they do?" Éowyn broke the stare at once, swallowing hard. She had never been good at hiding things from anyone, and Gríma was the worst of all: he saw everything and knew everything about her and her hopes. And every day, Éowyn carried with her the knowledge that it was in his power to give her her dreams, or destroy them – now more so than ever. "You know which," she said, unable to look at him. Gríma clicked his tongue and stepped away, much to Eowyn's relief. "I am afraid you will not find either of your certain parties very receptive, my lady," he said. "They would see you kept safe from the dangers of war, no matter the cost." "Safe," Éowyn spat. The word tasted bitter on her tongue. "Safe like my mother was, I suppose, left at home to wither away and mourn at her husband's death. Would they have me perish the same way, once they are dead and gone? Would they have me shrink and die here in this Golden Hall? Is that what they call safe? " She bit down on her lip, struggling to catch her breath. She had said too much, far too much; if she had been bared before Gríma before, she was now stripped of flesh and blood under his eyes, so that the very core of her was open to him. She looked at him with wide eyes, hardly daring to read what was in his expression; but he was only looking at her with a great sadness, and something far deeper and stronger. "There are many who do not understand what it is they do to you by keeping you chained," Gríma said softly, "And for that, I am heartily sorry." He half-smiled. "Do you know, the first time I saw you, you were in the streets of Edoras with a stick in your hand and your skirts around your ankles? You were battling some local beggar boys, I think. You gave them bread from the Golden Hall once you had beaten them." He sighed. "I doubt you would remember." In fact Éowyn did remember, all too clearly; it was the first time she had seen him too, as he passed by on his black horse, swathed in dark furs and heavy golden chains around his neck. He had looked at her with eyes colder and bluer than the sky itself, and he had smiled mysteriously at her when she turned to look at him, as if he had seen something he liked very much and meant to have one day. At the time, she had thought he was mocking her and had taken an immediate dislike to him. Now she knew better; and the truth was perhaps more alarming than her first assumption had ever been. "Grima," she burst forth suddenly, "If I mean anything to you – if you ever admired the child that I was in the streets that day, or the woman I am now – then you must help me." Gríma lifted his chin, eyes narrowing. "Must," he repeated slowly. "Such a strong word, a forceful word. How very Rohirrim of you." Éowyn took several steps towards him, seemingly not of her own will. "Life has not treated me gently, my lord," she said, "And my words in turn will never be gentle. I am sorry if I offend you – " "Offend me?" Gríma laughed and stepped closer to her, closing the gap between them. "No, my lady, you rather delight me, despite your force and your idea of what it is to be ill-used." He stared into her face, and for a moment Éowyn forgot that he was barely taller than her, that he was the weaker of them both; for a moment, he loomed over her, swallowing her, overpowering her. "Do you know what it is you ask for – truly? It isn't like the songs. It isn't pretty battles and honorable, glorious deaths. Thousands of soldiers fall and are never spoken of again. Heads are hacked off, limbs lost, bodies crushed beneath horses and corpses. You will cover yourself in blood and gore, and perhaps never be remembered for all that. Is that what you want? Is that what you would have me give you? The right to a grisly death, with your guts in your hands and orcs tearing you to pieces to devour you?" Éowyn clenched her jaw, and did not flinch back. "I know I cannot stay here and live," she said. "Is that not enough?" For a moment, there was perfect stillness between them. Neither of them seemed to breathe, or move at all. And then Gríma sighed, and the stillness was broken. He turned from her slowly and shuffled to a shelf, where he removed a very old tome that it appeared to be nearly falling to pieces. He turned back and brought it to her reverently, his eyes downcast on the book. "This volume is very old and rare," he said, "But you will find it most useful to your purposes. It is a record written at the hand of Éorl himself in parts; and it is those parts I would advise you to reference. You will find them quickly enough, I deem." He placed the book gently in her hands. Éowyn held it as if it was a child, cradling it in her arms. "See that volume safely back to me," he said, wearily. "It is likely the last of its kind; and I will not take kindly to its ruin." Éowyn nodded, barely able to force