Hey guys! I've always loved a good Musician AU, and therefore I've written one. In this fic, Will Solace can sing, despite the canon contrary. Throughout the story, I will be using multiple songs written by different people, and although I will be using them, I do not own them. I also do not own the Percy Jackson characters. Enjoy! Chapter 1: With the Strum of a Guitar Nico grunted as he helped Connor and Travis lift the drums into the back of the bus. Connor and Travis, Nico's bandmates, were eager to get on the road, and Nico didn't blame them. Their record company had decided that it would be a good idea for the three of them to go tour the smaller cities in the US to help promote the record label and their band, and the Stoll brothers had been more than excited. The three of them had discovered each other a couple years ago at summer camp. Nico had been sitting at his table, alone as usual, singing softly to himself. He had always done it, especially when he was feeling lonely, and today he was feeling a bit shut out from the others. His group of "friends" that he normally hung out with had just found out that he was gay, and had promptly and not at all politely cut him out from the group. Naturally, Nico had felt the pain of rejection, but he had felt it before and simply went to a different table, where he was left alone. Two years later, and the table was unofficially officially called the "Death by Rainbows" table, and Nico continued sitting alone. Nico didn't know when he had started singing as a way to cope. In fact, most of the people around him (when not laughing at him or ignoring him) would say that he wasn't musical at all. It simply wasn't what Nico was into! He was into death and scowling and guys, not music. Of course, no one bothered asking Nico what he was into or what he liked, and he would have (albeit grudgingly) agreed that, yes, he was into death and scowling at people who got too close to him and guys, but he always had his earbuds in, listening to music. He loved everything, well, everything except for country music. If one got lucky enough to get into his playlists, one would find rap music, movie soundtracks, show tunes, pop songs, and more. But no one cared. So Nico just sat at his table, with his earbuds in, singing softly along to whatever was playing. This was the routine every day at camp during his free period. He wasn't bothering anyone, and no one bothered him. One raining day, however, changed everything. Because of the sudden thunderstorm and the onslaught of rain, everyone was gathered under the pavilion, both disappointed because of the cancelled activities but pleased at the sudden free time. Nico had just shrugged and walked back to his table, which was off in one of the corners inside. No one was around, so instead of putting his earbuds in, Nico decided to plug in his speaker. He didn't have it very loud, and no one looked his way when he turned on his music, so he just left it as it was and leaned back, propping his feet up. No one noticed him. If you want it, take it I should have said it before Tried to hide it, fake it I can't pretend anymore Except for the Stoll brothers. They had been sorely disheartened at the unexpected rain, but there wasn't much else to do. "It's too bad it rained," Connor said, wringing out his soaking shirt. Both of the boys had been caught in the middle of a field when the rain had hit, so by the time they had made it to the pavilion, the damage had been done. They were both dripping wet and other campers had almost automatically stepped aside for the brothers to get inside. "We would have been able to do the prank on Jason." "Yeah," Travis agreed, taking off his shirt and shoes. "We'll have to do it tomorrow." "Hey, do you hear music…?" Connor asked suddenly. He looked around until he saw Nico in the back corner, singing softly along to the music playing from his phone. The brothers looked at each other and shrugged before making their way over to Nico. Neither of the boys had a problem with Nico being gay. In fact, the two brothers were considering calling themselves bi or bi-curious themselves. They didn't like how the other campers openly hated Nico even though Nico did nothing malicious towards them. I only want to die alive Never by the hands of a broken heart Don't wanna hear you lie tonight Now that I've become who I really am "Is he singing?" Travis whispered to Connor as they got closer. "He's really good…" Connor looked over at Travis with a grin on his face. "Let's go join him," he said with a grin. He paused a moment to identify the song Nico was singing, but quickly started humming the bass line. Travis caught on and started singing the harmony, much to the surprise of Nico, who quickly stopped singing. This is the part when I say I don't want ya I'm stronger than I've been before This is the part when I break free Cause I can't resist it no more The two brothers grabbed a chair each and sat down next to him. Travis looked at Nico and waved his hands while still singing, motioning for Nico to continue. Nico narrowed his eyes, but kept going. Soon, Nico was belting out the verses equally as loud as the Stoll's. They were dancing on the table and strumming air guitars. All three were pleased at how their voices had all blended together, and all three were lost in the music. When the music finally stopped, Nico looked up and he saw the other two panting on top of the table. He was standing on a chair with one of his hands above his head and the other off to the side, dramatically. He looked around the room and saw that, unlike before, the room was filled with astonished people. The other campers stood in silence and shock, gaping at the three who had turned the commons room into a stage. Thought on your body I came alive It was lethal, it was fatal In my dreams it felt so right But I woke up every time Nico's face turned beet red, and he slowly lowered his hands. Connor and Travis clambered down from the table and ran up to Nico. Suddenly, the crowd burst out in applause and cheering. The brothers turned around and did the most comical bow ever, much to the crowd's amusement. The two brothers turned and looked at Nico with huge grins plastered on their faces. Nico didn't know what to do. This was the first time anyone had given him any attention in a really long time, and Nico couldn't remember how to respond, so he did what instincts told him. He turned and ran out the door as fast as he could into the rain. He didn't stop running until he had reached one of the large oak trees that surrounded the outer edges of the courtyard. He sat down, landing in a puddle of mud, but he didn't care. He knew what happened next. He knew that at any moment, the swarm of people would come out and do their worst, telling him that he was only being a nuisance and he was already enough trouble. He leaned back against the tree and braced himself for the worst. The Stoll brothers were confused. What had they done wrong? Nico had just run off to gods know where. The two shared a look before hopping down from the table and following the boy. The crowd murmured in confusion before slowly following the two brothers. "Where did he go?" Connor asked Travis as they dashed out the door. "I'm not sure," Travis gasped. The two peered into the rain, trying to make out the shapes that were shrouded in the downpour. They could barely make out the running form of Nico as he dashed into the trees. "There he is, let's go," Connor stated. He and Travis took off running, unaware of the large crowd following them. They reached the tree a couple seconds later. Nico was laying against the tree, his face wet with tears and rain. His face was red, and his eyes filled with embarrassment. Connor could see Nico cringing, but he sensed this wasn't the first time Nico acted this way. "What's wrong?" Travis implored, squatting down besides the boy. "Are you ok?" Nico shook his head, and curled into a ball. "I'm sorry… I shouldn't have done that," Nico whispered. "I didn't mean to cause any trouble." "What trouble?" Connor cried out, throwing his arms up. "You did nothing wrong! And you have to admit you had fun." Nico turned to look at Connor, who offered back a smile. Nico looked down at the ground and nodded weakly. "I did have fun," Nico admitted softly. He sat up again, bringing his knees to his chest. "But why did you do it? You barely know me. And I'm sure you know that my reputation isn't the best." "Neither is ours," Travis replied, "and we don't care about your reputation. And as for not knowing you, well, we'd like to get to know you more." Nico looked at Travis again, though this time a look of confusion and shock was etched across his face. "Yeah, Nico," Connor agreed, "We don't care if your gay or not. That's your own thing. We want to get to know you better 'cause tonight, we rocked it!" "Didn't you notice how we were completely in sync?" Travis asked, grabbing Nico's hands. The smaller boy looked down at Travis's hands stunned, as if he had never had that happen to him. Travis turned his head to look at Connor. "We should do something with him. Maybe for the talent show?" "But I'm not even good," Nico said, mumbling into his legs. Connor looked at Travis with a look of mild disgust before squatting down on the other side of Nico. "Kid, you sing amazingly. I have no idea where that voice came from but it was beautiful. I have a good voice already and I envy your talent," Connor reassured, putting his hand on Nico's shoulder. Nico looked up at Connor, and Connor was shocked to see a new pair of eyes. Gone was the dead look that was normally on Nico's face. Now, Nico's eyes were alive and sparkling, and Connor loved it. He swore to himself to help Nico keep those eyes, because they too were beautiful. "Connor, doesn't Dad know a guy who works in the entertainment business…?" Travis asked. Connor tore his gaze from Nico's eyes and looked at his brother. He furrowed his brow trying to remember before nodding emphatically. "Maybe in the future we could start something serious!" Connor suggested. "I don't know," Nico hesitated. It was at that moment when Travis noticed the rest of the camp surrounding their tree. Travis stood up and turned toward the crowd. "Hey guys, did we sound good?" Travis asked the other campers. The campers let out a loud cheer and started applauding, much to Nico's surprise. Travis turned toward Nico again. "Do you know now?" This is the part when I say I don't want ya I'm stronger than I've been before This is the part when I break free Cause I can't resist it no more Nico stood up and nodded, blushing. Travis and Connor grinned as they patted each other and Nico on the back. The rain had finally stopped, and the sun was peeking out through