I have flown to star-stained heights on bent and battered wings In search of mythical kings, mythical kings Sure that everything of worth is in the sky and not the earth and I never learned to make my way down, down, down, where the iguanas play Dory Previn If you've never been to Lavenham, Suffolk, then you probably don't know that this eccentrically crooked town—best known for its physics-defying half-timbered Tudor townhouses—is also home to a relatively sizeable proportion of wizards and witches, goblins, elves, ghosts, ghouls and other unpleasant things that go bump in the night. But if you'd walked down the winding streets of this mixed magic-and-Muggle town, you would learn several things. Firstly, you don't need a ruler to become an architect in Lavenham. Secondly, it is sometimes necessary to wear a wool overcoat in England in July. And thirdly, there is a private society of witches and wizards who work tirelessly in secret to renew the age-old gravity-defying charms that protect this town's whimsical architecture from itself. Meanwhile, the Muggle world continues to accept the more sensible explanation for these buildings' continued existence: namely that Lavenham is just different, special and exempt from the laws of physics that apply to the rest of the universe. Even so, you'd never know that one particular room in a ramshackle townhome with dramatically sloping eaves was the site of the most surreal moment of my life‑—and there have been quite a few. I don't want to spoil the story for you, but it wasn't a happy moment, or a moment I enjoy remembering. In fact, it's a source of great sorrow to me, even now. However, there is no denying the profound absurdity of walking into my nearly-five-year-old son's bedroom in the wee hours of a blustery March night, only to find the room half-destroyed, exploded from the inside, the twisted remains of a toy rocket ship lodged in the shattered ceiling plaster, my son's pajamas drenched in blood as he lay unconscious and surrounded by a protective army of tiny plastic soldiers while an enormous bleeding wolf licked his considerable wounds in the far corner. It was a scene few people could forget for quite a number of reasons, but I'll remember it, oddly enough, as the last time I'd stroke my son's silky hair while he slept, bathed in the light of the full moon. I grew up an ordinary girl in an ordinary family in a boring flat in Aberstwyth. My dad worked for the offices of a textile company and argued with my mam about negotiating with the unions. My mam stayed home and tended to the house, as most mothers did in my corner of the world after the War ended. My dad thought my mam was a bit soft about the unions, probably because she'd had to work in a munitions factory during the War. It had been a bit difficult for her to adjust to returning to housekeeping after the excitement of the War. I was a little kid during the War, only nine when it ended, and I yearned for an adventure of the sort my dad's work friends talked about. Many of them served in the army, or flew planes or volunteered as ARP wardens if they were too old for service. But I spent the War at home, sharing our flat with our cousins from London and my little sister, fighting battles over the bathroom and the butter rations. As a teenager, I was driven to travel. I wanted to go tour Europe and visit different countries and become worldly like RAF pilots my dad knew. I did not want to spend my whole life in rainy Aberstwyth, hanging chintzy paintings of the Mediterranean seaside on my walls, just so. It wasn't that I was rebellious, or that I disliked my family—I adored my father and got along well enough with my mother; my twelve-year-old sister looked up to me like a goddess. It was just that I'd spent my childhood reading storybooks with beautiful lithograph illustrations of wonderful, impossible places—fairytale places, imaginary ones—and though I knew they didn't really exist, I wanted to go looking for them anyway. I suppose that at the time, I thought that searching for magic would be almost as good as finding it. My dad, who was a big reader as well, always said I was like a dragonfly living in an anthill. We didn't have loads of money to send me on a trip, but he told me if I found a job abroad, I should take the chance. My sister made me promise to write her and to telephone once every two weeks, which was as often as we could afford a long-distance call. Abroad turned out to be Cardiff, but that was alright with me for the time being. I know, I know—you probably want to get to the interesting parts, with magic wands and explosions. They are coming, I promise! In Cardiff, I found work as a kindergarten teacher's assistant, and later on, at an insurance office. Every morning I put on a starched white blouse and a navy blue skirt, a pearl brooch and my going-away present: a lumpy ball of amber on a gold chain. An ancient beetle was trapped inside the amber, glinting greenish and gold when I held the stone up to the light. Later, I would take the amber off the chain and wrap it in a soft felt cloth, pressing the bundle into my son's hand before he went off to sleep away from his parents for the very first time. I thought about the beetle a lot after he left, wanting to imagine that it was watching over him, preserving him, keeping my Remus whole and still and unchanging as a relic; all those things he couldn't be. Can you tell that I worry about him, still? He's much older and a great deal stronger than his father and I thought he would ever be, but he is still my little boy and I am still his mam, lost to him though I may be. If you see him, please tell him that, and also to eat more vegetables. I am concerned about his diet. But I digress. Working in Cardiff was an adventure unto itself. I lived at a ladies' boarding house with a curfew of ten o'clock. My bedroom was in the attic; though it was freezing cold in the winter, I had chosen it for the beautiful Queen Anne-style bay window. It looked out onto the back garden of the Hound and Crown, a pub that leaked drunken banter and live jazz late into the night. Most evenings, we ate meals at the communal dining room. We ate on a weekly schedule. Monday—fried cod, cabbage and leeks. Tuesday—bread and butter, carrot soup and beans. Wednesday—a cawl, ingredients variable, flavour somewhat dicey. The food was nothing special, but I was on my own (almost) for the first time and I loved stepping out of the house in the morning, just before the sun rose, wearing my black patent shoes and feeling entirely adult. In the evenings, I would write poems longhand in my journal, or go to the movies with my fellow secretaries and clerks. I had a vivid social life, many friends and potential beaus, but I wasn't particularly close to any of them. I enjoyed gossiping with the girls from the office or going to the pub and giggling, flush-drunk on a single beer. I went on double dates to the theatre and always arrived home at a respectable hour. In truth, I had little interest in seriously dating. I suppose I fancied that in travelling the world, I'd meet an exotic man from a foreign country and we'd have a whirlwind romance and then part at a train station or a port and I would move on, searching, never settling. What I wanted was not something that could be defined, nor could I visualize anything but the blurred outlines of my desire, the negative space surrounding it coloured by yearning. One February in 1958, I described it in my notebook as "nostalgia for the future, or excitement about something impossibly ancient." I was a bit of a sap then, as I am now. Remus and his father would roll their eyes at me, but they didn't understand. They were born into this terrible, wonderful world; I chose it. I liked to take long walks by myself. It wasn't the most well-advised thing to do, as my mother took care to remind me, being young and female and incredibly prone to falling into daydreams so vivid that I walked into low-hanging branches. She told me that if I wanted to experience nature so badly, I ought to find a nice group of girls my age with a real naturalist to lead us on a tour. I took this advice to heart, and then I took that part of my heart and placed it in a dusty drawer somewhere in my mind and promptly forgot about the drawer. There was a farm not far outside the city where you could buy fresh honey and apples still waxy and dirt-speckled and other types of produce, depending on the season. I went to this farm occasionally and would buy a fruit and some biscuits in a brown paper bag, then set off to walk through the neighbouring woods. It was a half-hour walk from the pumpkin patch to the sloping valley where the trees took over from the grass. It was one autumn, still early enough that the trees were just spotted with orange and green, that I walked into this wood and, waiting until I was fully concealed from the farm, pulled off my shoes and stockings. I carried a pair of comfortable socks in my saddle bag and put them on. I didn't want to tear my stockings on a bramble, or get them covered in dirt, but the real reason I took them off was simply that I hated wearing them. The day was bright but bitten by a customarily British chill. I wore a cable-knit cardigan, but my legs soon became cold. Stopping by a hazel tree, I sat down on the blanket of leaves and heather to rub some warmth back into my legs. The translucent canopy of leaves above me glowed emerald green. I felt momentarily overcome by a strange energy. I did not mean to say anything, though I felt my mouth open and my throat tighten as if I were at loss for words. My pink knees, socked feet and loafers blurred into a haze in my peripheral vision. I was aware that the forest was not totally silent, yet I could hear nothing at all. It was neither a pleasant nor unpleasant feeling, just a queer one, as though life had paused and the world dissolved into nothing, save the black branches webbed with strands of sunlight overhead. It lasted probably a minute at most before I remembered myself again, and went back to feeling the chill in my exposed calves. The sound returned- just gentle birdcalls and drifting leaves ruffling in the breeze, the snap of a squirrel's leap from twig to twig. I don't know if it was a premonition or the breeching of some ward or just a moment of confusion. Later on, I'd ask the few wizards I knew if it sounded like anything they knew of; none could say definitively if it was related to magic, but all advised me to ask someone more knowledgeable. I never found anyone who claimed to understand what the feeling was. After the feeling went away, I pushed myself up off the mossy ground and set out down what passed for a path. It was a winding trail of trodden earth, the branches and brambles mostly stepped on or kicked away by horses. The light played off the changing leaves and