Bad Timing 1: High School Bella Swan was used to change. Growing up with an alcoholic mother meant she had to be. She was good at adapting- new schools, new apartments, a rotating display of her mother's boyfriends in and out of their lives. Coming home from school she never knew what to expect- cheerful, sappy Renee who hugged her close and made cupcakes for dinner. Or sullen, bitter Renee who spoke poison and had a wicked right hook. So when Renee's drinking hit a breaking point and Bella finally called her father to tell him how bad things had gotten, she was okay with the changes she knew would come. Leaving sunny Arizona for dreary Forks, Washington wasn't the worst thing that could have happened. And neither was being a new kid in a small town starting school mid-semester. Ideal? Nah. But definitely manageable. Bella walked into her sophomore Biology class and handed the teacher a slip of paper the school secretary had given her. "Isabella Swan" he read off the sheet, barely glancing at her. "Go ahead and- Mr. Newton put that frog down right this instant!" He turned back to Bella. "Right. Miss Swan. Please take a seat next to Mr. Cullen." He waved his hand vaguely in the direction of the window. Bella turned and locked eyes with her new lab partner. Holy hottness. He was slouched in his seat, bronze hair artfully mussed, green eyes sparkling, smirking slightly. That smile! She made her way over to him, tripping over a discarded backpack on her way. She felt the blush hit her cheeks as she dropped into the chair at her lab bench. "Hey. I'm Edward," he said, his smile widening. "You're Chief Swan's daughter, right? Isabella?" "Bella," she corrected automatically. "Bella," he repeated, and she thought she'd never hear anything sweeter than her name on his lips. "Alright class, that's the bell" Mr. Molina intoned dryly. "Today, as you all know, we are continuing our module on anatomy and dissection. If any of you do anything other than dissect the specimen in an appropriate manner so help me god." He shot a significant look in the direction of two boys who were already poking at the frog and laughing. "Let's get started." "Ladies first," Edward said, holding the scalpel out to her. Bella blanched. Drunken mothers, handsy boyfriends, distant fathers...all that she could handle. Dissecting the limp, pale frog in front of her? Not so much. "Umm…" She glanced at the scalpel then back to the frog. "That's okay. Why don't you start?" she suggested hopefully. Edward chuckled. "Oh, come on." He waved the scalpel at her. "I really don't-" "It's a dead frog, Bella. It's not going to bite you," he said, clearly amused by her discomfort. Bella's eyes narrowed. She knew his type. Gorgeous, cocky, popular. And a total pain in the ass. She reluctantly took the scalpel and brought it toward the frog. It was on it's back, pale underbelly staring up at her, floppy limbs pinned down onto the tray. She felt a little dizzy. Steeling herself she closed her eyes and began to cut. "Ow!" The sting of the blade brought with it drops of bright red blood. "Oh shit," Edward said, quickly grabbing the scalpel and picking up her hand. "Language, Mr. Cullen!" Mr. Molina's voice called from the front of the classroom. "Bella cut her hand," Edward practically shouted, holding up her bleeding hand for everyone to see. Asshole. Bella blushed as the entire class turned to stare. She tried not to look at the drops of blood that were pooling in her cupped palm. Do not faint. Do not faint. It became a mantra in her head. Do not fucking faint on the first day of class, Bella. Mr. Molina sighed loudly and muttered something under his breath. "It's not that bad," she said quietly, sure her face was the color of a ripe tomato. "I don't know, looks pretty bad to me," Edward countered. Bella glared at him. "Shut up," she hissed. "Mr. Molina? I think Bella should go to the nurse's station. I can take her. Wouldn't want her bleeding all over the biology lab. Or fainting. Or getting tetanus. Or-" "Fine," barked Mr. Molina. "Miss Swan, go see the nurse. Mr. Cullen, show her where it is please." Edward immediately grabbed his backpack and headed toward the door, looking over at a few boys and smiling mischievously. They laughed loudly. Bella hastily stuffed her textbook into her bag and followed him, trying not to drip blood onto the floor as she went. "Why did you say that?" Bella asked as soon as they were in the empty hallway. "I'm fine! It's just a stupid cut. All I need is a bandaid." Edward smiled at her. "We got out of biology class! This is excellent news." "Except now I have to go see the nurse." Edward shrugged. "Who cares? Ms. Hammond is awesome. She'll clean you up and we can hang out there for a few periods. She doesn't care. She likes me." Bella scoffed. "I bet she does." Edward laughed as he pushed open the door to the nurse's office. "Edward Cullen is looking at you," Angela said, nudging Bella gently, a smile on her kind face. Bella's eyes snapped up and looked onto the field. Edward was standing outside the dugout, bat in hand, waiting to be up next. He smiled when their eyes connected and gave her a small wave. She waved back hesitantly, feeling her cheeks pinken a bit. "He is so hot," Jessica giggled, stretching her legs out onto the bleacher row in front of them. "Definitely," Angela agreed. "I guess," Bella answered, squinting in the rare Forks sun. Angela rolled her eyes but didn't call Bella's bluff. Okay, so she knew he was hot. Everyone did. Especially standing down there in his baseball uniform, hair matted down a bit from his helmet but still unruly. And okay, she knew he wasn't the complete jerk she had first thought upon meeting him. But despite her and Edward's friendly bantering that had become routine after that first day in biology, they weren't exactly friends. They didn't hang out with the same crowd and rarely saw each other outside of class. Except for occasions such as these when Angela and Jessica dragged Bella along with them to "show their school spirit." Which really translated to Jessica and Angela ogling the boys while Bella tried to finish her homework. "Hey, Bella," Mike Newton's chipper voice called out as he made his way down the bleachers toward them. Bella smiled halfheartedly. It's not that Mike wasn't a nice guy. He was. In a dopey, puppy dog kind of way. And it's not that he wasn't cute. He was. In a boy-next-door, kid brother kind of way. She liked him. But he seriously had no concept of personal space. "Great game, huh?" he asked, as he squeezed himself into the tiny gap between Bella and Jessica. Jessica giggled. Bella shrugged. "You should have come to the game last week. It was amazing, they- Wooo!" Mike jumped to his feet. "Nice one, Cullen! Did you see that?" Bella shielded her eyes against the sun and looked to the field just in time to see the ball Edward had hit sail outside the ballpark. He jogged around the bases to cheers and high fives. She smiled despite herself and reluctantly hit Mike's outstretched hand. Edward emerged from his teammates' ass slaps and hair ruffles and looked into the stands. His smile brightened as his eyes fell on Bella and she felt her heart skip a beat. He waved again. Bella's cheeks burned. She felt Mike sit down heavily and frown as he looked between her and Edward. She didn't wave back. Edward didn't look at her the rest of the game and Bella didn't know whether she was disappointed or not. She knew how to deal with pompous, sassy Edward who teased her and made her laugh. She had no idea what to do with this flirty, friendly Edward who made her blush. He liked her, she knew that. They had fun together in biology, goofing off and making Mr. Molina rue the day he sat them together. He said hi to her in the halls, joking with her as his friends looked on in amusement. But he didn't show any interest in her beyond that. He didn't have a girlfriend. She knew that from the hours of conversation about Edward she endured from Jessica. But he flirted with other girls in a way he never did with her. Except for the rare occasion like today when he seemed to focus all his attention on Bella, making Jessica give her the side-eye and making his friends catcall and act like fools. She knew he was just having fun, that he couldn't mean anything by it. He probably just liked seeing her get flustered. Jackass. So she tried to keep her cool on days like today when their eyes kept connecting and he dazzled her with his smile. She tried not to think of how it might feel to have those lips on hers. She tried not to think of what it would feel like to have his hands on her skin, palming her breasts or sliding down her stomach. And she really tried hard not to think about what color his eyes would be as he came apart inside of her. It's the part of him she loved most. Yeah his smile was provocative and his strong arms were sexy as hell. But his eyes? She blushed just thinking about them. The way they changed color; typically a deep green in the cloudy Washington weather but turning a brighter, lighter green on sunny days like today. How they seemed to get darker when he was mad or frustrated. How they sparkled when he laughed. Yeah, Bella thought, as she sat in the stands and watched him ignore her for the rest of the game, I need to get a fucking grip. She was carefully stepping down the bleachers at the end of the game when she heard him call her name. She looked up and tripped, her ass hitting the hard metal and her elbow banging against it sharply. "Are you okay?" Mike was at her side in an instant, helping her up and looking concerned. She brushed herself off quickly and glared at Edward who was leaning against the fence laughing loudly. She flicked him off. "I'm fine," she muttered, pulling away from Mike and continuing her decent. She glanced back at Edward. He was chatting to a tiny, pretty girl with short black hair. Alice, his sister. Bella didn't know her well since Alice was a year ahead. Edward said something to Alice and she looked quizzically at Bella before responding. Bella ducked her head down and was halfway to her car when she heard someone call her name. She turned back to the field and saw Alice running toward her. "Bella, wait up!" For a minute Bella thought Alice was going to hug her and momentarily flinched but Alice stopped short and grabbed Bella's hands in her own. "Bella! Hi! I'm Alice." She smiled. "Edward's sister," she added unnecessarily. "We're all headed to the beach this weekend. You'll come, right? Edward said you would." Bella raised an eyebrow. Perhaps seeing her hesitation, Alice dropped her hands and added, "Jessica and Angela are welcome to come too, of course." Bella briefly wondered how Alice knew who her friends were but shrugged it off. It was a small school afterall. "Umm, sure. That sounds fun, I guess. I'll check with my dad but it should be okay." Alice clapped her hands together happily. "Great! We'll see you then. First Beach, okay? At La Push. We'll be there around noon." With one more squeeze of Bella's hands she turned to leave. She was a few steps away