Rated M for mature content, language, adult situations. Lemons, people! Don't read if you're under 18! I don't own anything Twilight. SM owns it all, I'm just messing around! I hope you enjoy it. I was tired and my feet hurt. Waitressing was one of the worst jobs out there but being only halfway through my degree, I needed the money I would earn in tips. I wasn't just a waitress though, I was a waitress at a well renowned strip club. There's no point in trying to say this place was classy because no matter the paint job it's still a strip club, there's nothing classy about it. A duck is a duck is a duck. The skimpy corset and bustle combo that was my strict work attire displayed my generous assets very publicly. The four inch heels I was ordered to wear every night kept my calves in tip top shape, sure, but Jesus God my feet hurt. The pompous ass who owned this place never showed his face. He had all of his cronies do all his dirty work. Someone other than he hired, fired, managed, and supervised. All Mr. Masen did was rake in the dough. I kept my mouth shut and I worked hard. It would be detrimental if I lost this job, as it was the best paying one this side of the city. "Hey, Iz, Mr. Masen asked to see you before you leave." a co-worker called. Speaking of pompous asses. This wasn't new. Mr. Masen loved to scare the shit out of his employees by sending a cronie to the floor informing someone that he wanted to see them. Hearts beat wildly, palms get sweaty, feet faulter...Only to come face to face with Tanya, his assistant. Jerks. I nodded acknowledgement and finished wiping down the bar tables with my sanitizer spray. Washing my hands in the restroom after closing time, which was actually eight a.m., I placed my hands on the ceramic bowl sink in front of me and stared at my reflection in the mirror. My hair was pulled up into a high braided ponytail, the navy blue corset and black bustle was tailored perfectly to my body, pushing my perky breasts as high as they would go. Each waitress had a color specific to their skin or hair color. Tanya had deemed navy my color and I had three sets with matching heels. My left arm was sleeved in swirly, cloudy artwork and I let my eyes trail over the patterns. It had finally been completed last weekend during my trip to Forks and La Push. The makeup I wore was heavy wingtips around my eyes, thick eyeliner, fake black lashes, and ruby red lip stick. Tanya said the lip stick gave me a Snow White look combined with my creamy complexion and dark brown hair. Tanya was on crack. I looked like a hooker. As soon as I met with Tanya, aka 'Mr. Masen', I would be practically running home to remove all the shit from my face, soaking my feet in Epsom salts and then falling face first into dreamland oblivion. Drying my hands and leaving the bathroom, I noticed someone had turned all the lights off already. Usually that was my job. I looked at the watch on my right wrist, I wasn't in the bathroom that long. Someone wasn't very patient this morning. The dim lighting that was mandatory to keep on was all that lit my path down a long hallway beyond the club's bar. My heels click clacked on the marble floor and my bustle rustled around my hips. I had to admit that I did feel sexy when I wore this. Perhaps that was the entire point. If the ladies feel sexy, they'll act sexy...and men love sexy. They pay for sexy. I stood facing the ordinary office door of the infamous Mr. Masen and taking a deep breath, I knocked. The door opened and I stepped through confused. Tanya wasn't sitting at the cherrywood desk. Her lamp was off and all of the paperwork that was usually scattered across the desk's top was neatly piled in a filing basket. Her laptop was closed. Feeling very unsure, I turned and looked to the door. Someone had opened it, yet no one was there. A shiver swept down my spine. "Bella." A soft voice breathed. I shut my eyes, still facing the office door, and swallowed hard. Twisting just my head to the side, I peeked behind me. Holy fuckballs! It couldn't be. This is a dream or a nightmare. Everything in that moment clicked in my mind. Mr. Masen. How had I never put it together before? Carefully maneuvering my feet so as not to trip, though admittedly I am much more graceful than I used to be, I came face to face with the love of my life. The man I had been pining after and dreaming of every night for the last four years. He was more gorgeous than I could have ever remembered. My psyche didn't do his memory justice at all. The carefully tousled backsweep of his bronze brown hair, the golden caramel of his eyes, the thick lashes that framed those same soul piercing orbs. My breath caught in my throat. He was fucking perfect. He smiled his heart stopping crooked smile and I blinked. I walked slowly passed him and went to Tanya's desk. Keeping my eyes on him, I picked up a blank piece of paper and her pen. I took my eyes off of him for only a moment so that I could see what I was writing. Once I'd finished, I folded the paper in half and placed it on top of Tanya's laptop and brought my eyes back to the man in front of me. I walked back around the desk, eyes locked with the beautiful man the entire time, then kept walking. Once I lost eye contact, I walked fast. Straight out the office, left down the hallway, out of the club's front doors, and through the parking lot to my little blue Hyundai. I didn't look back as I put the key in the ignition, started my car, then peeled tires out of the lot. The fuck!? I drove on auto pilot toward my apartment. My white knuckled grip on the steering wheel was painful but I couldn't bring myself to loosen up. I stumbled out of my car, locking it, then ran up the fire escape to my side balcony door on the balls of my feet so my heels wouldn't get caught in the grates. I slid the door open then fell heavily into it once I was inside. My bustle pulled in protest as I slipped to the floor. Lying my forehead on my knees, I breathed slowly in and out trying to catch my bearings. Mr. Masen...That makes so much sense to me now. How he is never seen, never heard, and has humans doing all of the work for his business. I gasped and my head whipped up. Tanya! Even with the contacts making her eyes a blue hazel, it seems so fucking obvious to me now. I had always admired her strawberry blonde hair and wide smile. The flawless creamy complexion of her skin. She exudes a confidence that takes years to master. And she's had years. I didn't rightly know whether I should be angry or exuberant. I was, quite honestly, both. Has he been watching me all these years like a creepy stalker again? As if he didn't do enough of that when I was a teenager. I gasped again, this time inhaling a much bigger breath and almost choking on it. Is he still sneaking into my bedroom at night? I stood up so fast from my place by the door that I got dizzy. Kicking my heels off my feet across the kitchen linoleum, I ran like a maniac to my bedroom. I checked the windows that framed my headboard, looked under the bed and in the closet. I looked like a lunatic, I was sure, but I was freaking out! Oh my God, he's a fucking vampire. He would cover his tracks and I would never know. Sighing, I plopped down onto my bed and sat there staring out the window. My apartment was on the outskirts of Port Angeles in a quiet neighborhood. If he was entering my room or any part of the apartment, I would never know. Also, if he was, he would know that I call his name every night. Sometimes in lust, sometimes in heartbreak. If he's been following me these last four years then he knows I'm a veritable hermit and still a virgin. He would know that I attend the community college and have too many bills and not enough funds. "Ugh!" And now even less funds. I stood on pained feet and went to the bathroom to get into the shower. I should go to sleep, I've been awake since eleven p.m. the night previous and worked all that time, but now I needed to go job hunting. Finishing my shower, I blew out my hair and pulled on a long sleeved henley and pair of Arizona boot cut jeans. Slipping on my chucks and shrugging on my winter vest, I trooped back down to my car. o.o She stared at me, gobsmacked and wide eyed as I stood before her for the first time in four years, that she knew. I could literally see the emotions in her facial expressions. Even slathered in all that junk Tanya has the girls wear out on Candy's floor for work, Bella is a vision. A perfect angel. I feel my mouth pull into a goofy grin and long to wrench her into my arms and kiss the ever loving daylights out of her but before I move, she's walking passed me. My eyes track her movements, the sway of her hips, the echo of her heels on marble, her dainty hands lifting paper and pen. When she finishes writing and folds the note, she walks back out of the office and I am stunned still. Her scent hangs in the air heavily and I suck in a breath, relishing in my love. I step to the desk and using one finger and thumb, I open the note. " I quit! " Well, shit. I sit on the edge of the desk and rake my hand through my hair then down the front of my face, puffing my cheeks and blowing out a long breath. I hated breaking Bella's heart but it was the best thing at the time. Charlie had been reunited with his estranged daughter and he needed her. Alice saw him dying of brain cancer and how Bella would react as a newborn vampire if she hadn't been able to support and help her father through his illness. She had us make many different decisions to either keep Bella with us throughout the whole ordeal or to make Charlie one of us. If my family stayed in Forks, Bella would push us all away in anger and sadness over Charlie's health. If we approached Charlie with the option of immortality, he wouldn't believe us. When we made him believe us, he would refuse adamantly. We had made the decision of the different places I could stand so the bullet would miss but he hit me every time. Carlisle made the decision to change him without his knowledge on his deathbed but in a blind rage, Charlie rips the whole family apart and sets us on fire. It was even decided that we tell Bella all of this and let her decide what to do. She had chosen for us to stay, for me to help her in that time, but again the outcome was the same. She would push me away, screaming that she hated me and never wanted to see me