I don't own anything Twilight. SM owns it all, I'm just messing around! I hope you enjoy it. Bella ran the fingers of one hand through her shoulder length brown hair and drummed the fingers of her other hand on the desk in front of her. Biology sucked on a normal day, but this dude next to her needed to keep his black glare to himself before he found himself with a broken nose. Snobby rich kids. She didn't bother sniffing her hair or her underpits, she took a shower that morning. Turning her body to the right, away from her lab partner, she focused again on what the Biology teacher expected of his students. She watched as her teacher shoved his thick horn rimmed glasses up his nose with a calloused finger. She idly noticed that he needed to trim his fingernails. Wrinkling her nose in distaste, she looked down at the notebook in front of her. She'd done this exact lab before, in her previous high school. It's actually kind of pathetic that this hick town is so far behind in it's curriculum. The bell finally rang after a torturous ninety minutes and Bella snatched her bookbag off the back of her chair, heading for gym. She was thankful that gym was only an hour long period and not the required ninety of every other mandatory class. Just one more hour and she could leave. Seeing as she had started her first day at Forks High on a Friday, Bella was content to spend her weekend decorating her room to her taste. Her father, Charlie, hadn't changed a thing since she'd visited three summers ago and she did not have the personality of a fourteen year old anymore. Monday morning dawned dark and cloudy and Bella grumbled to herself as she climbed out of her double bed to trudge sleepily to the shower. An hour later, Bella was pulling her old nineteen fifty three rusty red pickup into the parking lot of her high school. Hopping out of the cab and onto the pavement in her ICB's, black skinny jeans, and dark blue henley shirt, she hiked her bookbag onto her shoulder and started toward the main doors. Halfway to her destination, however, the hairs at the back of her neck raised. She paused briefly and bent low, pretending to retie her boot while she looked around for something out of the ordinary to give her such an eerie feeling. Nothing...Unless you count three quarters of the schools senior class staring at me as something... Then she spotted him...Edward Cullen. Mister Snobby Rich kid himself! His strange colored hair made her want to run her fingers through it to try and tame it. Say what? No, she didn't want to do that at all. She turned back toward the main doors and trooped forward. She did not miss the Black Glare before doing so. Lunchtime found Bella sitting alone. Sure, many of her classmates wanted to play with the new toy, but make no mistake, Bella Swan does not play well with others. She's got her own Black Glare prefected. The snobby rich kids entered through the side door of the cafeteria and made a show of sitting gracefully at their claimed table. The big dude, Emmett, was adorable and Bella bet she could have some fun pulling pranks around this hole of a town but his girlfriend slash foster sister looked like an uber bitch. That was enough to give Bella pause because though she had her own glare, she knew when to not mess with the ubers. They could mess someone up. The smallest snobby rich kid actually looked the friendliest and Bella found herself wondering what kind of friend she would be. Would the tiny creature be boring as all hell or would she be a talker? When Bella watched as the tiny girls smile widened for no apparent reason, she decided that the little fae was a talker...Probably a bouncer too. Did she just bounce as if to prove my point? Black Glare snobby boy was at it again but when he caught Bella's eyes on him he smoothed his brow and his lips curled slightly at the corners. He actually looked very handsome when he smiled. Bella looked down at her lunch tray and concentrated on her meal. Handsome? She and snobby rich kids do not mix. The next week went as such...Bella would watch the Cullens, as she decided to call them in her mind. If she kept calling them snobby rich kids, she may end up saying it out loud accidentally and that would bring uber bitch's attention to her. That was better avoided than tempted. Edward would try to communicate and even got very close to rubbing his nose against Bella's neck at one point but the next thing she knew he was saying she shouldn't be his friend, giving her the Black Glare, and walking off in the middle of conversations. Her last straw was on their Biology trip to the compost farm yesterday. Bella was following her classmates through a greenhouse while her teacher tried to keep Tyler Crowley from drinking the compost tea. Edward came up behind Bella looking very sexy in his thigh length peacoat over his blue denim jeans and black band tee. He had a scowl on his face as usual and his lips were pinched tight until he opened his mouth. "Why are you going to Jacksonville?" He practically spat at Bella like going to see her mother was a terrible dilemma he did not agree with. Well, excuse me mister snobby rich kid but it is not up to you! Bella gave him a sideways glance and furrowed her brows, "How the hell do you even know I'm going to Jacksonville?" She asked him as she tripped over a hose on the greenhouse floor. Edward's hand shot out as if to keep her from falling but he never made contact with Bella, yanking his hand back from her as if her skin would burn him. She had her black zip up hoodie tied around her denim clad hips, her standard ICB's on her feet, and her black Skillet band tee shirt on today. She didn't understand why Edward kept his coat on. The greenhouse was humid . He proceeded to banter with her rudely, telling her she didn't answer his question to which she replied that he didn't deserve to know these answers when he was being a brat. He actually cracked a smile and she could have sworn she heard a chuckle but in the next second his face was pinched again like he smelled something bad. Once the tour of the compost farm was finished, Edward followed Bella out to the busses that would take them back to Forks High. Edward's tiny foster sister, the bouncy one, came up with her boyfriend slash foster brother at her side. Her dark brown hair was smoothed fancily against her scalp with little swirls of hair around her ears and she had a huge smile on her face as usual...So opposite her moody brother. Pity . "Will you be riding back to the school with us, Bella? I'd love to get - " Alice started, but Edward rudely cut her off by smacking his fist against the bus door and told his sister their bus was full. Bella knew for a fact that it wasn't and she was angry. Alice's boyfriend slash brother eyed Bella warily as he walked around Alice as far away as he could from Bella before disappearing on the bus with Edward. Alice looked at Bella apologetically but before she could say anything, Bella spun around on her heels and trooped away toward her own bus. She doesn't need that jerk. Sure, he's beautiful and he has a glorious smile. His body looks toned like a runner, built for speed. His fingers are long and she bet he really knew how to use them. His hair still begged for her fingers to rake through it but she was done. By the time the busses let the Biology class off back at school, their teacher dismissed them to their vehicles. As Bella hopped up into the cab of her beast, someone tapped on her shoulder. Bracing herself for more whiplash, she turned to her shoulder poker. Eyebrows shot up in surprise, "Well hello tea drinker." She greeted Tyler Crowley. He smiled widely, showcasing his pearly whites behind beautiful dark lips. His skin looked like the smoothest milk chocolate. His african american descent diluted by his paler-than-Bella mother. "Hey, Bella. I was wondering if you'd like to go to the dance with me on Friday." His deep tenor was liquid sex and his pale blue eyes sparkled happily as his confidence told him he would get this date. Bella pretended to ponder her answer, tapping her chin with a slender finger. Her eyes stared straight into his as she 'pondered', but Tyler's confidence never waivered. She decided she liked that about him. Dropping her hand from her face, she touched his arm lightly for a moment. "I suppose you heard I'm going to be in Jacksonville this weekend." Her voice was low, almost sultry and it seemed to pull Tyler in as he stepped toward Bella subconciously. He looked down at her, "We both know you're not going anywhere, Bella. Except to the dance...with me." Tyler's voice was also pitched lower than before. Bella liked the sound of it and the way his minty breath caressed her face. She turned to look out the windshield of her truck and her eyes connected with the three Cullens that took the field trip with her. With a mirthful twinkle in her eye, she turned back to her date. "And you know this how, Tyler? I miss my mother very, very much you know." She murmured, shaking her head slowly in mock sadness. Tyler placed a long thick finger under Bella's chin and raised her head just slightly before leaning closer to her face. There were scant inches separating them now and Bella's heart was in overdrive. "You were waiting for me. Not that puppy dog, Newton." He told her succinctly. Then his soft lips pillowed against hers in a kiss that caught Bella's breath. Her eyes fluttered closed and her hands jumped to Tyler's forearms, holding him in place. The kiss was gentle, his lips moving with hers, his tongue sweeping over her lips but not in permission to enter, just to taste. Tyler leaned back, breaking the kiss with a soft smack. His lips pulled in a large wide smile and he told her he would pick her up at six. "Hey! I never agreed to go to the dance with you!" She called to his retreating back, his cocky swagger making his rear end wriggle tantalizingly. Tyler paused in his retreat to turn back toward Bella. His smile said it all. She had agreed...with that kiss. Bella smiled at Tyler and gave him a finger fluttering wave before righting herself in her truck and turning the key to start the beast. Her eyes met Black Glare Cullen again before noticing Alice's beautiful face was set in a frown and Bella decided she would tell her tomorrow that she was much more stunning with a smile. Suddenly Alice's face broke out into the most breathtaking smile Bella had ever seen, it made Bella smile back automatically. Edward turned his glare on his sister and the boyfriend slash brother was shaking in laughter. Bella just shook her head, threw a finger wave at the trio then set out for home. Edward avoided Bella like the plague for the next three days. If she turned toward him in class or in the hallway, he would dart away as fast as his long legs could take him. He was acting like a child and Bella was glad she had decided to stop their little cat