Rated M for mature content, language, adult situations. Don't read if you're under 18! I don't own anything Twilight. SM owns it all, I'm just messing around! I hope you enjoy it. What if Bella had waited? Jake didn't answer the phone and I was worried about him. When we left the movie theater the other night after Mike got sick and I noticed Jake himself was running a fever, I had sent him home on a promise to contact me when he felt better. I knew Mike was at work today so I was hoping that Jake felt better as well. I sighed in frustration as I trudged out of the kitchen and up to my room, throwing myself on the bed. I'd give him one more day and if he didn't answer, then I would go visit him. It was late and I'd already showered and dressed in my blue pajamas so I crawled under the covers awkwardly, since I didn't want to get up, and fell into a fitful sleep. The next morning at dawn, I ran to the bathroom and did my business before dressing in a pair of jeans and throwing a hoodie over a white tee. Charlie was already at the station so I made myself toasted poptarts and scarfed them down. My foot tapped annoyingly on the linoleum of the kitchen floor as I glared at the clock, willing time to speed up. I hated calling the Black household too early, knowing Billy needed help getting in and out of his wheelchair each day. By the time nine a.m. had rolled around, I feared I would wear a hole in the carpet of the living room from my pacing. I ran to the kitchen and snatched up the old yellow corded phone from the wall, dialing the all too familiar number. " Hello? " Billy's deep voice answered pleasantly. "Hey, Billy. It's Bella. Is Jake feeling better?" "I'm sorry, honey. He's come down with mononucleosis. Wish I knew how he got that . I'll let him know you called but he's lost his voice and takes a bit to heal. Just hang in there." Billy sounded sort of sympathetic and I had no reason to doubt him, but there was a lingering edge to his voice that irked me. However, there wasn't much I could do and I certainly didn't want mono, so I let it go assuming he was just upset that Jake contracted that particular virus. "Alright. Should I make some soup for him?" I sighed. "That's quite alright, Bella. I don't want you getting sick." He stated a bit roughly. "What if I send it with Charlie tomorrow when you guys go fishing?" I probed. After a beat of silence, he acquiesced. "That'll be just fine, honey. Thank you. You're a good girl." Billy said, a little calmer. I guess he really was just worried that I would get sick. "It's not a problem. I'll make a big batch tonight and he can bring it up for you two tomorrow." I said before we exchanged goodbyes and hung up the old phone. I spent the next few hours chopping up chicken, celery, carrots, and fresh herbs and simmering the soup. I placed two bowls for Charlie and myself in the fridge for dinner tonight and put the rest of the soup in the largest Tupperware container that we had. Reading in my room later that day, I tried not to think of Edward. It was difficult but every time I thought of him the gaping hole in my chest throbbed. It wasn't as wide as it had been, the hole, but without my sunshine to keep me warm it seemed to get worse. Charlie came home from work and we ate the soup in silence before we went our separate ways to bed. "Don't forget the soup in the morning for Billy and Jake." I called from my room. My dad just grunted in response. The next couple of days dragged by and I decided on the third day to try to find the meadow. Maybe if I got there I could find a piece of Edward. Something tangible to remind me that he really was there at some point and not some elaborate imaginary friend with an even more elaborate family and course of events. I pulled on my favorite pair of purple hiking boots and a heavy rain slicker. It wasn't raining yet, but that didn't mean it wouldn't. It took me over three damn hours to find this damn place but I found it! I was so proud of myself that I did happy dance before emerging from the trees. The meadow was as dead as Edward was and for some reason, seeing this made me see how ridiculous I had been all these months. Moping around and escaping to La Push to experiment dangerously just to hear a corpse's voice. A corpse who was no where near enough to actually speak to me. It was then that I realized I had probably gone insane. I waded through the hip deep grass and fingered the dead wildflowers as I walked. Once I got to the middle of the meadow, I turned in a full circle. This was a beautiful place in the summer but right now it was ugly. Completing one more full turn, I locked eyes with someone I thought I'd never see again. "Laurent. Hey." The dark skinned vampire shook his head, making his long dreads bounce around his shoulders. He wore a filthy purple button down that was not buttoned and black filthy denim jeans. His feet were bare and his eyes were red. He hadn't moved aside from the head shake and he didn't speak so I spoke again. "I thought you went to Denali." My voice was as dead as the meadow. Laurent whizzed closer, standing ten feet from me now instead of forty. He wrinkled his nose in disgust. "The animal diet is not for me." He spoke quietly in his French lilt. "That bad huh? Edward had said it was like comparing tofu to steak." I sympathized. Tofu sucked. Surprisingly, Laurent laughed. As with all vampires, it was a beautiful sound. "Edward was lying. It tastes like dirt. Human blood however, tastes like the finest wine or the sweetest of chocolates. I bet you would be absolutely delectable." He crept closer but I stayed still. He wasn't scaring me. If he killed me there would be no reason to try to run. "Yeah, I've heard that before. You shouldn't kill me though." I told him, my voice still flat. He was amused. "And why not?" I shrugged. "I got nothing other than I don't wanna die." He laughed again. "Well, here's your choices. I suck you dry or you let Victoria do it. She will not make your death an easy one. I, on the other hand, possess the ability to knock you out without even touching you. You would feel nothing. Simply fall asleep and never wake up." I pursed my lips as I pondered this. I pointed my finger at him as I replied. "You know, that would be the way to go if I wanted to die. But I don't. I want to live. Can we leave it at that? You can even let Victoria in on a little secret." Laurent looked intrigued now. "And that secret would be?" I shrugged again. "I didn't kill James. Hell, even Edward didn't kill him. Jasper, Alice, and Emmett killed James. So if Victoria is looking for some form of revenge, don't go after the weak little human who isn't going to put up much of a lasting fight. Go after Alice, Jasper, Emmett, and hell, go after Rosalie. I always hated that bitch. They'll be much more entertaining than I would be." Staring wide eyed for several seconds, Laurent finally started. "Why would you throw your covenmates under the proverbial bus?" He pondered as he stalked around me. I knew I wasn't winning this fight but I couldn't just not try. "Covenmates? They need to want me in their coven for me to be an actual covenmate. No. They left. Actually it wasn't that simple. Edward brought me into the woods and tore my heart out then left me in the woods where I ended up lost for six hours and almost suffered from hypothermia. He's a dick. They're all dicks. They didn't even say goodbye. They didn't want me and I don't want them." I was very angry, suddenly, with all of the Cullens. And fuck them too. "Well, that certainly could make the game change for her. I will have to create a lie as to why you aren't alive, of course." My heart jumped. As much as I knew I wasn't going to survive this encounter, I had still held onto that thin thread of hope. "When I do tell her what I learned, I will make sure she gets her ultimate revenge on the coven that killed her mate. I may even help her." "Well fuck." I sighed. Laurent leaned close to me, breathing in my scent as he dragged his nose up my throat to my ear. I heard a growl rumble from his chest before I heard an echoing growl across the meadow. My eyes snapped to the sound and widened at what I saw. A huge black wolf stood staring at Laurent with yellowed eyes and bared gleaming teeth. Laurent sucked in a terrified breath and backed away from me. "No...impossible." He breathed before he blurred away. I was frozen to my spot as the black wolf took off after the vampire, watching in stunned awe as four more wolves tore off after it. A choked sound escaped my throat causing a reddish colored horse sized wolf to stop but I turned and ran before I could see if he was going to eat me. That would hurt like a bitch! I stumbled for over half a mile before I realized I wasn't being stalked by a gigantic wild wolf and I slowed my pace. Breathing heavily, I used trees to steady myself and keep myself upright. Spraining something would not be in my best interest right now. Why don't I own a cell phone yet? I would be going to Port Angeles tomorrow for a cell phone. Not that I planned to go into the forest any more. Hell, after this, I'm going to spend most of my time surrounded by people. Even if I can't stand them. No more woods for me. No siree. Giant wolves and vengeful vampires? Ha. Only in my life. I caught sight of my truck and darted toward it quickly, surprising myself in my burst of agility when I reached it unscathed. Just as I opened the door and flopped heavily into the large leather covered cab, I saw a flash of reddish brown fur. "Eep!" I started the engine and locked the doors to the truck before backing down the lane I had driven straight into and turning back onto the One-oh-One. I knew Dad was out fishing so I headed straight for La Push and parked next to his cruiser in the Second Beach parking lot. I took several deep calming breaths and shook my wrists violently trying to dispel the shakes in my fingers. Climbing out of my truck, I pocketed the keys and pulled my hood over my head. It was heavily misting now and I trudged in the pebbled sand to the water's edge, looking for Charlie and Billy. I saw their cooler before I saw them. They were sat further from the edge of the waves, the water lapping at their cooler as they fished. "Bella, what're you doing here?" Charlie asked me as Billy side eyed me. "I just didn't feel like being alone. You old men mind if I grab a pole?" I asked nonchalantly as I