Rated M for mature content, language, adult situations. Lemons, people! Don't read if you're under 18! I don't own anything Twilight. SM owns it all, I'm just messing around! I hope you enjoy it. Paul paced angrily, muscles bunching and rolling underneath his taut russet skin. His long hair hanging loose and brushing against the middle of his back with his gait. He let out a feral growl as he continued to stalk from one end of the singlewide trailer to the other, the small hallway almost too narrow for his broad shoulders. He caught his reflection in the mirror with every pass back toward the livingroom, watching his tattoos dance over his skin with his stride. The thick black elegant tribal designs that stretched across his chest and shoulders, down his spine and each muscular arm, pulsated with his trembling fury. In one pacing pass, his arm swung out and clipped the corner of the wall but he barely felt it. All that did was succeed in bringing his attention to the silver band wrapped around his ring finger. His wedding band. Paul swiped at his face as the pain washed over him and tears formed in his eyes but he gritted his teeth and paced some more. He knew he didn't have much longer. The pain would be too intense to contain and he would almost literally implode from it. He badly wanted to smash the photos from the walls of the trailer, tear the photos in half after breaking the glass and watching with morbid fascination as it cut through his skin. Though it would heal quickly, he wanted to feel the pain but he couldn't bring himself to harm the only things he had left of her. He stopped suddenly in the livingroom and clenched his fist, drawing back his arm and using all his might to punch the mirror on the wall. Shards of glass punctured his skin and rained down onto his feet to the carpeted floor. His fist went straight through the wood paneling, insulation, and cheap plywood to the open crisp air of the Peninsula. He pulled his fist back and opened his palm, letting the bright droplets of blood pool there before clenching his fist once again and watching the drops fall to the floor. He stepped back and a large shard of the mirror stuck into his heel but he paid it no mind. The worst pain had yet to come. He let loose another growl as he stalked over to the tattered old recliner that she loved to sit and read in. He plopped down in it so he could pull the irritating glass from his foot but immediately jumped back up when her mesmerizing scent billowed up from the cushion of her favorite chair. He grabbed his chest from the pain, his fingers digging into his skin, nails puncturing his pec and drawing more blood. His eyes were clenched shut and he gritted his teeth until they ground against each other painfully. He would not fucking cry. He cried constantly since her death. Cried harder than Paul the hot head had ever cried before in his life. Harder than when he watched his deadbeat father stab his mother in the neck and held her while she bled out on their back porch. Watching his imprint die affected him worse than that. He had to hold her in her death as well. His chest throbbed with the pain of his own imminent demise. He opened his eyes and looked down at the recliner. He was torn between throwing it through the wall and wanting to lay in that as he die, surrounded in her scent, wrapped in her favorite reading blanket. He had bought her that blanket for their first year anniversary. They had decided to do something small and she had cried such happy tears over the photo blanket of them. Jake had captured a photo of Paul and his imprint sitting on the beach, facing the blue-gray waves and whitecaps during a sunset. Their shadows were illuminated by the deep orange and reds of the sunset, white clouds shining in the distance as they sat, arms linked, on the pebbled beach. She cuddled with that blanket every time he left for patrol or had to chase a leech. She said it made her feel closer to him. His sweet Bella. Her long mahongany hair was always perfect, even when it wasn't. Soft, silky waves cascading down the slender curve of her spine. Paul ran his hand through his own long hair. Sam had wanted everyone to chop their hair off when they wolfed out, saying it would keep their fur less shaggy. Bella loved Paul's hair and the shaggy fur did not hinder the fastest fighter in the pack so Sam allowed him to keep it long. He had enjoyed watching his petite imprint go toe to toe with the big bad alpha of the La Push wolf pack, poking his chest with her tiny finger as she glared at him and told him just where to stick his scissors. Paul had laughed for days whenever someone thought of the altercation in the pack mind. She would run her fingers through his hair to calm him and he tried to mimic the movement now. It didn't help. He knew she was waiting for him. It was a curse of the imprint. Watching your loved one until they took their dying breath and his body was wracked with agony as he pictured how Bella was witnessing him now. He fell to his knees on the carpeted, bloody floor of their small home. The home they had shared for ten years before she was taken from him so brutally. Paul yanked on his hair and threw his head back, howling an inhuman sound, his pain being echoed by two of his pack as they mourned with him from outside in the tree line. He had forbidden anyone else to enter his home. He didn't want their scents contaminating all he had left of the love of his life. Seth and Embry lay in the woods behind the small trailer, fat clear tears rolling down their furry snouts as they rested their large heads on their massive paws. Their thudding heartbeats pounding in time with the beat of Paul's agony. Paul punched his own chest, willing his heart to stop so he could be in the arms of his love once again. They had met for the first time ever when Bella had rushed to La Push to bitch out Jacob Black for ignoring her. She had seen Paul, Jared, Embry, and Sam come from the forest, dressed only in their signature cutoff cargo shorts and headed straight for them instead of into the house as she'd been intending. The tiny frame of the most beautiful woman Paul had ever seen stomped angrily over to them and shoved Sam hard enough that the force sent herself onto her ass. She gaped at him a moment before righting herself and trying again, all while screaming obscenities and waving her arms like a crazy person. Paul had stepped between Bella and his alpha, not to protect him, but to keep her from hurting herself. The little girl would fracture a wrist if she tried that again. Instead of backing off at the sight of another large man in her way, she reared her arm back and belted Paul clean across the cheek, sending a resounding smack through the backyard of the Black's property. Jared had snorted a laugh and that had made Paul stop his trembling anger. He glared down at Bella and when her watery, angry gaze met his, the entire situation changed. Both of their eyes collided and widened, the world shifting and changing as Paul gazed slack jawed at his imprint. Sam had yelled something and Jake had come bounding from his house, but Paul paid no mind to any of it. He scooped Bella up in his arms and ran. She squeaked then hung on tight as he ran as swiftly and as fast as he could to his small singlewide trailer. When he locked them inside she locked her lips with his, not understanding what was happening to her body but not caring in the least. Paul sat on his knees and unbelted his shorts, his bloody hand covering his hardening shaft as he remembered in vivid detail the first time he had made love to his imprint. He tugged and squeezed his cock hard with one hand, his other yanking on his hair as tears flowed down his face. He recalled the way her face flushed when she told him she was a virgin and the relief and arousal he felt when he realized she had never fucked the leech. He had made tender slow love to her, caressing her milky white skin softly, reveling in her mewling and moaning. He gripped himself harder, his release coming quicker than he anticipated and recalled how tight and hot she had felt around his throbbing cock. His seed spilled onto his hand, knees, and floor as he found his release the moment his memory Bella found hers, remembering clearly the way she would scream his name in that husky voice of hers. He left his shorts unbuckled and leaned forward onto his palms, pieces of glass still imbedded in his skin but he didn't care. The tears tracked down his face unchecked and landed on the carpet, mixing with blood and semen. His sobs ripped from him, shoulders shaking. How could he let that happen to her? They hadn't even had any children yet. She wanted to be just a little older and he hadn't wanted kids at all for a long while. She was barely twenty nine when that bastard took her from him. Paul stood and righted his shorts before going back to pacing the length of their house. His anger returning so he could push the pain away again. He heard someone approaching and growled long and low. "Don't you fucking dare come in here." He warned. The footsteps stopped and he heard the thud of an ass sit on his small front porch. A heavy sigh outside alerted him that it was Sam but he couldn't be bothered with him right now. He paced down the hall toward the opposite end of the trailer and slammed his fist into the hollow closet door, smashing through the shelves on the other side and knocking down all of his imprint's cosmetic products and carefully folded towels. Ripping his arm back from the door, it swung loose on its hinges and he gave it his back, pacing angrily back to the livingroom. She had been dead a day and a half and he hadn't eaten or left this trailer. Paul had been pacing almost constantly and he knew his pack was afraid for him but they've read the journals, they witnessed this with young Quil when Claire was killed along with her parents in that car crash back three years ago. They knew how this worked now, and unfortunately, Paul wasn't expecting to live as long as Quil had. Quil lasted three days. Paul was hoping the agony would swallow him up by tonight. His chest rumbled like thunder as he paced into the kitchen. The cool linoleum felt good on his burning, bloody feet but he didn't want to feel good. He caught a photo of himself and Bella on the fridge and lost himself to the memories of her bent over, ass cheeks peeking from her small sleep shorts as she rummaged for something to make when Paul was hungry. No matter how often he told her that he was a big boy and could feed himself, she would wave a dismissive hand and kiss his cheek before fixing him something delicious. He snatched the photo from the fridge and tossed it on the counter