I'M SO EXCITED By Her, Herself and She For some time now, rumours of war raged through the wizarding world - thefts, attacks, disappearances (unrelated to the normal magic ones, I mean!) ; news weren't good. The Daily Prophet could say what it liked, Wizard families could read in between the lines and could saw the upcoming war. And so, Hogwarts students had gradually grown depressed. The idea that their already oh-so short lives would most likely come to an early end before the end of the year drove most students to regret what they hadn't already done and to mope about their past mistakes ; while a few diehards tried out the various drugs they could get their hands onto, dreaming themselves assassins and poets. To dispel the dark clouds invading the school, Dumbledore had tried, using all the wisdom he possessed due to his venerable age, to start various projects to rekindle the castle's joy. Thus were created the pottery club (1), the sherbet lemon factory, or the woollen hat, scarf and socks factory, managed by none other but Dobby himself! But students didn't seemed thrilled by these ideas and societies soon shut down, due to a lack of participants. Noticing the failure of his own ideas (must we ask why?), Dumbledore ended up asking his students (first concerned) their opinion by setting up an idea box in the Great Hall. -"Dear Hogwarts students!", he called out that evening after having clapped for silence. The magically-amplified sound reverberated through the room as the students grew silent. "I have an announcement to make. In spite of my various club ideas, which were admirable, I'm sure, sullenness seems to prevail here over concentration, participation and ability to listen, although these virtues are essential to your learning. Therefore, to bring back joy and good humour to this great castle which has been home to throngs of happy students for centuries, I have decided to set up an idea box in the Great Hall, in which each and every one of you will have the possibility to deposit suggestions to improve day-to-day life here. Ideas shall be sorted out the day preceding each holiday." Whispers had crossed the room at this announcement, everybody coming up with ideas as to how they could change their timetable. -"I would like to end by indicating that in no way house-elves are here to do your homework and that it is categorically forbidden to ask them for illicit substances such as drugs and alcohol - however, any donation to professors or indeed, myself (by the way Pr. Slughorn slobbers for pineapple), shall result in the immediate cancellation of the penalty brought upon yourself. And on this cheerful note, I hope you'll enjoy your meal!" He'd then sat back down again. AHHHHHHHH From that moment on, the strangest ideas had sprouted out of the students' fertile minds. From the televised game based on the Real Housewifes to a magic version of Total Wipeout, not to mention by the building of an enormous Barbie doll-house in the park, the students had put all their heart to produce better versions of what they'd seen at home. Everybody was impatient to know the other's suggestions! And amidst all of these crazy and puzzling suggestions, one had caught the jury's eye : the organisation of a prom ball a month before the exams, open to all which theme would be "Antiquity, what a ball!" The announcement of this event, which would take place due April, enthralled the youngest and amused the eldest. From the simplest Greek toga to the magnificent Roman breast-plate, everyone had his idea as to how to dress up to parade in front of all of Hogwarts. Dumbledore had done it (yet again!) : talk of the ball was on everyone's lips, and from the Dungeons to the Astronomy tower, from the Lake to the borders of the Forbidden Forest, corridors rustled from laughter and joy. AHHHHHHHH At last, the day dawned ! On the morning of the last Friday before the Easter holidays, the Great Hall shook with excitement and anticipation. For the event, students would return home on Saturday afternoon to enjoy the original party (brought to you by Berty Bott's every flavour beans). However, let us fix our gaze for a moment on a few people in particular. When Theodore Nott, tall, brown haired and dark eyed, appeared in the room with his nose in a book, it raised a great number of whispers around the four tables. The mysterious young man had always attracted admiring looks from Hogwarts' poultry. Tall, thin and discreet, he had the discovery's charm. Barely lifting an eye from his book, he walked matter-of-factly to Slytherin's table, poured himself a mug of Black tea, shimmied scrambled eggs and roasted red peppers onto his plate, and gobbled it all down whilst delving back inside his spell-book. He was indifferent to all of this agitation. Siriusly (*beams*), why would he care what girls from his House would wear ?! Because, no doubt, they were still talking about that stupid ball… For him, it would be an occasion to have a nice time with his mates, to take a few incriminating photos to blackmail first and second-years later on, and to have fun before starting revising for the exams. When Blaise Zabini, tall black man with brown eyes entered the room with a Colgate® smile, the whispers raised once more . Millicent Bulstrode, who had incredibly changed since the first year, seemed deep in conversation with him and his eyes were shining with mirth. The pair of friends attracted jealous looks as they went to sit at Theo's side on the snakes' benches - the latter grumbled a "H'lo" without interrupting his reading whatsoever. When Draco Malfoy, grey eyed blond, idol of these ladies and Prince of the Slytherins, made quite an entrance in the room, conversations stopped and silence fell. All were in awe of his person, may it be for his go(o)d looks (2) his charismatic air or the fact he was Head Prefect and Valedictorian. Of the Slyther trio, he was the most envied, and feeling all the awed looks the open-mouthed gave him filled him with delight - every pair of eyes fed the sparkle of his contemplation. Then quick footsteps were heard and Pansy Parkinson came in stormed in. His friends could see frustration sparkle in her eyes, but Draco merely kept his Malfoy Mask and his walked to his table. When he reached it, he sat face to the Great Hall so as to not miss anything, poured himself a bowl of Chocapics and milk and started crunching away at his breakfast in a dignified way, while Pansy tried to attract his attention with small high-pitched giggles, in vain. Gradually, the conversations started again, and when Harry Potter, small, brown haired, green eyed and enemy of You-Know-Who (3), with ten minutes to go before the lessons, bursted in to sit down hurriedly at the Gryffindor table (various amount of cheering), the only ones who were surprised were Ron and Hermione who didn't think he'd be so early. Everybody had turned to look at him with his dramatic entrance, and the vision of the boy with untameable hair, out of breath from running, turned on more people than none. Since last year, his popularity had increased a lot amidst girls, so much it was sometimes scary. At the idea of this hero, brave, strong, intrepid (after all, he had been the only champion to get out of the labyrinth unscathed!), handsome to die for, witches could barely contain themselves, and it was to whom could catch his attention the longest. Sometimes, even a few adulators would come up to speak with him, and he'd then be a lot nicer. He himself did not know which side he was on and didn't really care. After Marietta's betrayal, he'd cut off all links with Cho and had tried to get over it. Summer and puberty coming up, during his holidays in Grimmauld's place he'd wanted to chill by making friends with the kids from the block and he'd gradually opened, at least mentally, to quite a range of things. Of course, Sirius had got wind of it - and Harry never felt so embarrassed in his life as when his godfather slipped a condom box in his back pocket, humming "petit PD" by Renaud, just as they were about to eat. The Dursleys had been for the least surprised when one of Privet Drive's boys had winked suggestively at him before leaving him on the doorstep ; and, if at first, they tried to stop him, they then told themselves that a monster could only do monstrous things, and that it didn't concern them as long as it wasn't under their roof. Thus, that summer, Harry's circle of acquaintances had grown considerably, and he found that he felt a certain amount of attraction towards men. At first, it was their way of seeing things, with humour and innuendos, which drove him to ponder on the question. Up to then, he'd only had a serious relationship with two or three girls - serious to the point of getting to the interesting part. Not that he slept with anybody willy-nilly, but he believed that life was too short to waste time prevaricating, and he'd often jumped up when good opportunities arose. So he tried it out, with a blond from his neighbourhood who had caught his eye. The second thing that attracted him was their way of doing things. Having the same body, they often knew how to send each other to the seventh heaven in a matter of minutes, or on the contrary, how to take their time to let the other completely forget themselves in their arms. However, since his return to Hogwarts he'd had to slow down, preferring to concentrate on practising for the fight against Voldemort and Malfoy's strange disappearances - he also had to fend off throngs of young groupies in want of his favours. Most times the girls weren't even fifteen anyway! At the same time, he respected young people who accepted publicly, even shyly, their homosexuality, notably by coming up to him. When he'd told Ron and Hermione about his holidays, the first nearly choked on his chicken-wing while the latter gave him a disapproving look : with all that canoodling, of course he hadn't found any time for revising! Long story short, the news that his best friend was bisexual had surprised Ron a bit, but after all, he was his friend and he wasn't going to push him away for such a trifle! Especially that he seemed to have had loads of fun… Then Hermione had talked about her meagre experience with Viktor Krum, and strangely Ron had changed subjects and they had moped at the idea that Snape would be their Defence Against the Dark Arts Teacher. They'd miss Professor Lupin… (T-T) Of course these changes had had an effect on his behaviour : he'd gained in confidence and willed to enjoy the life his parents had given him without getting pinned down by despair! But let's get back to Hogwarts. With a small smile for his fans, he grabbed a piece of treacle-tart , gave his friends an amused look, and munched away. AHHHHHHHH The evening came. Draco Malfoy had spent quite a few hours in front of the mirror to be per-fect ; he was going to upstage Potter ! Stupid, famous Potter with his charming smile and inviting gaze... With his usual composure hiding his apprehension, he finished tying his cloth round his shoulders. The choice had been obvious to him : who was more beautiful than Apollo? And draped in a first-quality silk cloth, he truly was a God. As soon as Narcissa, his mother, had caught wind of the event, she'd immediately commandeered him for a shopping trip. Despite the fact that being well-dressed was essential to