Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. All things Harry Potter belong to the endlessly talented J.K. Rowling. I'm simply playing in her sandbox, making no monetary gain at all. Author's Note: It has been a few years since I've posted a finished story. I've been writing my own fiction, straying from fan fiction for years; but the idea for this story took root, and I could not pull it from my mind. I realized when I was nearly three-quarters finished with this story, that it reads a bit like a story that I wrote several years ago. Each story involves post war comfort between the same two characters, but I feel that they're different enough to not have to worry about it. If you have Spotify, feel free to listen to "The New Year" by Death Cab for Cutie on repeat, as it was the catalyst for this story. Enjoy! This is the New Year Morose. No other word could possibly encapsulate exactly what she felt as she stared absently across the distance of the enclosed tent. Large glass baubles stuffed to the brim with fairy lights floated delicately near the two high peaks of the cream colored silk, casting a yellowish glow over those gathered within. A dance floor of oak inlaid with a mahogany mandala stretched through the tent and slightly beyond two of the tent panels, which were tied back with golden sashes and revealed lights floating off into the distance. She suspected that the charm which warmed the tent followed the path lights that led through the lawn and toward the trees in the distance. In her mind, the path could lead to only one place; and while it had been seven months since she had last walked the path through the woods, she could remember vividly the paddock that seemed to spring up out of nowhere in the very middle of the copse of tress. Ottery St. Catchpole lay somewhere beyond the other side of the family's estate, and she was certain the paddock would offer a spectacular view of the village's fireworks. The last event at the paddock had offered a decidedly different atmosphere. There had been no murmur of a cheerful crowd, no clanking of crystal and no explosions in the distance. Rather, there had been a memorial for those that had lost their lives in the war. She wore an equally black dress that day and certainly felt as morose then as she did at the current moment. A spectacular light show had lit the sky over the paddock at the end of the night, glaring red and gold in the distance. Tears had glistened on the faces of her companions, and she, too, had cried for their lost friend—a light that had shone magnificently and had been snuffed out far too soon. A hard lump formed in her throat at the thought of Fred, and her eye unconsciously sought his twin in the crowded tent. Heads of red hair were peppered regularly through the crowd, but her eyes eventually landed on George. He held a drink in one hand and the hand of Angelina Johnson in the other. She fingered the stem of her champagne flute and sighed when George rested his head on his companion's bare shoulder. She had initially found the pairing quite odd, as Angelina had dated Fred through school and beyond; but she supposed grief did odd things to people. The two people in the world that loved Fred the best had found comfort and solace in one another's arms, and wasn't it at least beautiful that they had managed to find any comfort at all? After all, it was a need for comfort and familiarity that had made this particular party a necessity in the first place. She couldn't remember who had first told her of the gathering. Perhaps it had been Hermione when she ran into her old housemate at Flourish and Blotts a few weeks prior, or maybe it had been Oliver when they met up at the Hog's Head with Alicia and Lee for their bi-weekly beers and banter. Her head tilted back on it's own accord as she closed her eyes and pondered. Perhaps no one had told her at all, and she had instead learned of the party via the invitation that appeared on her kitchen island one morning. An aching yearning in her gut had her to RSVPing to the event almost immediately. She needed a return to normalcy that wasn't granted in her day to day life. Day in and day out, she sat in a lab in the bowels of St. Mungo's and brewed potions for the recovery of the victims of the war. When she wasn't working, she was volunteering for the rebuilding efforts at Hogwarts, or Hogsmeade, or Diagon Alley or anywhere really that wasn't her own flat. She never allowed herself the moment to rest, lest her mind be filled with the atrocities she and her peers had suffered at the hands of dark men. She was willing to do anything and everything to have her life of old returned to her, even if it meant she remained in a state of mental and physical exhaustion. "What happened to the girl that wanted to ride broomsticks and explore the world with her best friends?" She had wondered as she dressed for the party earlier that evening. A strapless peplum dress clung to her curves, and she relished the fact that her figure had returned at all after the trauma her body had been forced through over the past three years. The deep v at the front of the dress revealed a silvery white scar that stretched from her left shoulder, through the valley of her breasts, and down to her navel—a gift from Antonin Dolohov before he had murdered Remus Lupin and had been repaid in kind by Professor Flitwick. It was her daily reminder that she was lucky to have survived the war at all. An ornate opal and gold necklace hung heavily around her neck; and while Leanne found it heinously inappropriate, Katie felt she owed herself that reminder as well—that she should be more thankful for her life, as she had almost lost it twice in as many years. She was fortunate where others had not been. Her green eyes had traced the length of the mirror and stared at the gold shoes that sparkled on her feet ostentatiously. One of her favorite parts of her parents' New Year's parties had been her muggle relatives' affinity for sequined or bejeweled clothing items for the occasion. "Perhaps they're too much," she thought as her fingers smoothed down her her hair into a knotted chignon at the nape of her neck. "Bullocks, what would it matter anyway?" Katie came to from her reverie at the sound of shouting in the distance. "Twenty minutes to the new year!" A man was shouting boisterously, and she found herself wondering how differently she might feel in twenty minutes time. As the evening had marched on, more and more people had appeared on the baroque floor of the tent. Some she recognized, most she did not, but she recognized the same quality in all of them that she should have felt herself. It was there, reflected in their faces as they spotted friends, family members and ex-classmates. It was blatant relief that these people had survived and were thriving in postwar wizarding Britain. She threw the remainder of her champagne back quickly and began to weave her way through the suffocating crowd. Her hand fluttered delicately over Angelina's shoulder as she passed, and their eyes met briefly. Katie's smile said all she needed it to to her old friend. "I'm happy for you," it whispered from where it ghosted across her lips, and Angelina's slightly inclined head seemed to respond, "I know; thank you." Katie turned from her friend and walked quickly to the exit of the tent. The crispness of a late December evening should have touched her body; but she was pleased to find that her earlier assumption had been correct. The magic of the heating charm did stretch beyond the boundaries of the tent. She stood just beyond the entrance of the tent, mentally steeling herself for the onslaught of memories that would undoubtedly follow her down the trail and onto the lawn of the paddock. Fingernails dug into the sensitive flesh of her palms, and she knew crescent shaped divots would be found there once she unclenched her fists. Katie startled at a voice speaking from behind her. "Headed toward the paddock, love?" She turned her head as the man moved to stand beside her. Her body followed her head, and she took a half step backward from the overstepping man. The lights floating along the path dimly illuminated the man's face, hiding his eyes in shadow but not managing to conceal his coppery red hair from her searching eyes. "A Weasley then," she thought as she took in his appearance. He was only a few inches taller than she was in her heels, 5'11" at most and rather on the short side for a Weasley man. What he lacked in height, however, he made up for in breadth. His shoulders were broad, and the corded muscles of his neck peeked out from the unbuttoned collar of his white dress shirt. The sleeves of his shirt were rolled halfway up his forearms revealing heavily scarred arms and a tattoo that stretched from his right forearm toward his wrist. Her consideration of the art stopped there as his hands were shoved casually into the pockets of his pinstriped slacks. His appearance screamed of familiarity with muggles, and she briefly considered which branch of the Weasley family he had been born to as her experiences with her Weasleys indicated the opposite. "I am headed toward the paddock," Katie said, remembering herself. "I have an affinity for muggle traditions, I fear, and I love New Year's fireworks." He nodded resolutely, as if in understanding and agreement. "This is the first New Year's I've spent in England in several years. I was certainly disappointed to miss the fireworks at home, so I'm glad Hermione thought to include the paddock in her plans. Would you mind company on the walk?" She shrugged and indicated to the path stretching before them. The man took off at a leisurely pace, and Katie found herself struggling to catch up. The heels of her shoes stuck in the soft earth beneath her feet with each step. "Hold up!" She called after a moment. The man was easily twenty paces ahead of her and not slowing down for his companion. He turned with a crooked grin, and Katie found herself appreciating her unexpected escort for the evening. He had asked to join her in her stroll to the paddock but hadn't waited to walk beside her like some archaic knight in shining armor. His shoulders slumped forward slightly, and the half-smile on his face seemed as if it could be traded for a contemplative frown at any moment. He was clearly as lost in his thoughts at the moment as she was. Katie slipped off her heels and raced toward her compatriot. He seemed to her a kindred spirit, and she found herself longing for a walk in companionable silence with him. He was as much an enigma to her as surely she was to him, and she felt herself drawn to him. They, indeed, walked in companionable silence. As they walked, Katie listened. Not to the man beside her, per se, as he hadn't said a word. Rather she listened to the rustling of leaves tumbling over the soft ground, to the wind whistling through the naked trees, to the water of the hot springs bubbling almost cheerfully, and finally to the man's breathing. It quickened as they approached the paddock, and sounded labored at best as he jumped the fence in