Another Untraveled Road Harry Potter does not belong to me, I gain no profit from the making of this story as its made for entertainment purposes only. Slight AU - Time traveling Never Ending Hermione woke underneath a pile of rubble that had once been the ceiling, and like the rest of Hogwarts, was now destroyed. Black spots danced in front of her eyes as she pulled herself from out of the rubble and slowly got to her feet. Her vision swam with colors then focused intensely before tilting and before Hermione knew what was happening she found herself lying on top of the rubble once more. What happened? "Hermione!" A familiar voice hollered followed by a pair of running footsteps. Harry... Hermione tilted her chin up with effort to see the familiar face of her best friend, albeit covered in soot, dirt, and blood from the end of their final battle against Voldemort. Harry Potter kneeled in front of her and helped Hermione back to her feet while moving to support half of her weight on his shoulders. "Did we win?" Hermione asked quietly. Has the war finally ended? Harry didn't look at her when he replied, eyes down casted. "There are no winners in war... Voldemort may be dead now, and we may be the victors but everyone has lost something... or someone." "I suppose war is never about who is right in the end," Hermione began softly. "It's only about who is left afterwards." So many have died. Harry suddenly turned to her with tears in his eyes. "They're all dead, Hermione. Everyone is dead!" Hermione let a tear slide as she thought of her best friend and former boyfriend's death replay through her mind. Out of all the ways to die, Ron died holding tightly unto his sister, ensuring that she wouldn't die alone as the killing curse hit them before the explosion. Harry had been devastated, and only Neville was able to pull him away from the ashes of their friends, and in Harry's case for Ginny - lover. "What about Neville?" Harry turned away as they began to make their way up what remained of the staircase. "He was the one who killed Voldemort. Cut of his head! No magic was ever needed to kill that bastard, no prophecy has ever made a difference. All the prophecy has done is begun a war of survival and death to all who become collateral damage. I was never needed... I may have been chosen but perhaps the prophecy was only made as an alternative." The prophecy was never real. Of course, Professor Trelawney's doings... Hermione remained quiet, her mind should've been racing in disbelief but all she felt was calm acceptance of the truth. As calm and accepting as I can be, anyway. "And here I thought Dumbledore was such a great man, a war hero; someone who knew what it meant to survive in a war and make the future better. Someone who knew what was real and what was a lie. But then again he left me with the Dursley's despite knowing what they have always done to me. I was his pawn, but in the end I was never needed to become the rook or the Queen that would take out Voldemort once and for all. If anything Tom Riddle Jr. became the Dark Lord because of Dumbledore. He was never fit as a headmaster, I see that now." "We were all biased towards the Slytherins, Harry." Hermione admitted. "Not just the Slytherins. Every child that descended from a death eater could've been just like me. Abused, neglected, malnourished: and yet like everyone else I discriminated them because of their family's reputation. It's like someone saying I'm just like the Dursley's because they raised me. My father was a bully, my mother had been petty, and yet both were hailed such great people." Mom, Dad... "They loved you, Harry." "They didn't know me," Harry snapped, then his voice softened. "They gave me the love obligated from family, but on my own I had always been until I had gone to Hogwarts where you and Ron stood by my side." As they stepped into the hallway Hermione noticed the paintings that remained blank or shredded while the many suits of armor had been rendered immobile. "I used to think I could be normal, live a good life with a family that I had never had as a child. Maybe pursue the life as a seeker on the professional Quidditch teams. Hogwarts, as much as I love this place, could never give that to me. Especially not the prophecy... or Dumbledore." "I once thought of campaigning as the Minister of Magic, to show this country that everything they've ever known as tradition of a magical being is wrong. That no one is half of anything, and that blood purity is as discriminating as skin color. But in such a world like this where ignorance is the path of righteousness I knew that would not be happening in this lifetime," Hermione said. "You could," Harry replied. Hermione shrugged and decided not to reply. The war is over. That's all that matters, right now. Slowly the two made it up to the Astronomy Tower and as Hermione let go of Harry to hold unto one of the railings she got a clear view of the ruin Hogwarts had become. "Dear Merlin," Hermione gasped as she saw the amount of blood and ashes that covered the land as well as the many fresh graves in the front of the school. The witch knew Harry had buried them all, even the Death Eaters. To Harry, every life was sacred. A cough pulled her out of her sight-seeing and Hermione quickly looked at her best friend who was leaning heavily on the opposing pillar with blood dotting the edge of his chin and smeared across his lips. "Harry!" You'll be okay. You'll be okay. Hermione moved over to her best friend and found her gaze lower to his chest where his hand was pressing on gingerly. Right as Hermione was about to begin a question as to what happened, what had wounded him, Harry began to speak. "When Neville decapitated Voldemort the smell of smoke and burnt flesh washed over the battlefield in heavy fumes and suddenly his body - Voldemort's body - exploded in black flames until nothing was left... Not even Neville." "Harry-" "I was right next to Neville, he was giving me the sword of Gryffindor, telling me that "the heart is no longer needed" when Voldemort's body exploded. Neville managed to push me out of the way but was left vulnerable to the explosion and, well... We all know I have been cursed with ill fortune and with the last of his strength Voldemort threw what remained of his spirit at me. He went right through me, but the fires did not. Voldemort's spirit has been destroyed by the flames, but as apart of Voldemort so was I." "But the horcrux was destroyed when you went to the Forbidden Forest alone," Hermione replied confused. Right? "The shard that contained a piece of Voldemort's soul may have been removed however it had been inside a living vessel for seventeen years. In other words the shard may have been removed but-" "The soul has become apart of your own," Hermione finished with realization. That's why you can speak Parseltongue. Harry removed the hand pressed against his chest as another cough escaped his mouth allowing Hermione to see the extent of his injuries. Blood soaked through his robes and dripped unto the floor from the ends of the cloak. His hand was a dark red as were his lips and when Hermione looked at his eyes they were pained beyond agony. "Magic is a funny thing, Hermione. I see that now more than ever." "What do you mean, Harry? We need to get you to a healer." You'll be okay. You'll be okay. "Hermione! Nothing is set. The impossible is possible, magic can give us that.. we just need to be willing for it to be that way. Magic means exactly what it means to muggles: everything that is beyond what we think is real. Hogwarts was made with magic, she had been as alive as you and I are. Anything with magic, with energy, is alive and we need to accept that. Respect it, and take care of that. This war that has raged for so long, all these years, has made many of us forget this. Merlin's existence was the Golden Age but ever since Grindelwald, Dumbledore, and Voldemort. that tradition has been forgotten. We need to bring it back," Harry said with revelation. "Bring the old magic back..." Hermione whispered, her brown eyes wide. Is such a thing possible? "Magic is dying, I can feel it Hermione. It's dying because wizards and witches don't understand the meaning of magic anymore. They abuse it for power and self-gain. Regulated it and disciplined it, but magic is untamable. And like Buckbeak, when the rider no longer respects its mount, it will forcefully remove them. With never a possibly in gaining magic back again. Everyone is able to have magic, humans just need to accept this." Hermione took a step back and glanced at the ash-blackened sky with deep thought. "Okay," Hermione said with concentration. "But how do we do such a thing? English wizards and witches can be stubborn bigots, you know?" Like this war... That got a chuckle out of Harry, but before he could reply Hermione continued. "How do you know all of this anyways? I've never heard you speak like this before. Not that it's a bad thing, it's a new wise side of you that no one has ever seen before. The world needs to see the real you, Harry." Harry smiled slightly. "When I died, I was taken to a new world. It was the place that had changed my world. King's Cross station. I met Dumbledore there, and he said he was proud I fulfilled the prophecy. Tom was there too, but curled up and in agony. Dumbledore said I couldn't save him, that what was happening inside my head was real but also reachable. After he left I turned back and King's Cross suddenly disappeared and in front of me was a forest clearing with everyone I've ever known that had died standing there, waiting for me. I told them I wasn't ready yet, and turned to Tom. I picked up his body and slowly approached the clearing, placing Tom there where his body glowed a brilliant white before vanishing with everyone in the clearing." "When I woke up, I was alive, but I knew apart of me had been taken away. The part of Tom I had saved, gave his memories to me. I believe that when Voldemort's body was destroyed when I was a baby the part of his soul he unknowingly placed inside of me had been the part of him that he never wanted to remember. His innocence and inspiration. Tom Riddle Jr. once had dreams of using his unusual magic for good, to change the world, but something caused him to change his mind. Something that I think had to do with Dumbledore and discrimination." "Tom knew of the old magic, and he had the greatest concept of it. That's why he had been so powerful as a child, at least until he found Dark magic. Corrupted magic where humans have taken magic and tied it to something that goes against everything magic stands for. Using magic like that, it corrupts your entire body, and your soul. Tom knew this, but he chose to corrupt himself anyways, in order to forget the memories of his childhood." "No one is ever born evil, not even as a child. As a teenager we are still defining ourselves.. it's our actions as an adult that define who we are,