Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns the characters, Jessie James owns the song and I own a lot of college loans...and my Mac. I wrote this a couple months ago and actually forgot about it. I found it today, sent it to my kick ass beta, Stacey, and now its here for your enjoyment. It's so ridiculously cliché, the girl who falls in love with her best friend. The one guy who knows her every secret, every fear, who knows her better than she knows herself. The guy who is her other half, but doesn't realize that she is the one he's meant to be with. I wanted to hit myself over the head with a severely blunt object for becoming a cliché. But I couldn't help it; I was in love with my best friend, Edward. ~Present~ Bella Swan sat at the little café sipping her vanilla chai latte. He was late. With each passing second her resolve was slipping. She needed to make this better, to make him see that she was the one for him. She had woken up this morning with a fierce sense of determination but now she was second-guessing herself. She glanced at her watch before looking out the window and seeing the familiar black Audi pull into a parking spot. Her heart skipped a beat as she watched her best friend get out of the truck. His copper hair was in a state of disarray; Edward was the king of the sex hair look. His faded blue jeans, black t-shirt and Doc Marten boots allowed him to pull of the entire bad boy look. His green eyes lit up when he walked through the door and saw her sitting at their usual table. "Hey pretty lady," he said smiling using the nickname he had given her years ago. He gave her a kiss on the cheek before moving to the seat across from her. "Hey yourself," she smiled trying to calm the queasiness in her stomach. "Did you want anything to drink?" "I'm good," he said before grabbing her mug and taking a drink, he crinkled his face in disgust. "Ugh, how can you drink that shit?" "I like it, and you say that every time," she said smiling while she grabbed it back. "You should have learned by now to leave my chai alone." "I know, but I keep hoping that it won't taste like shit or you'll get a new favorite." He said chuckling before his eyes took on a more serious look. "I've missed you Bells." Bella looked down into her mug, trying to fight back tears. She felt the familiar shock that went through her body as he reached for her hand and rubbed his thumb across her knuckles. "I've missed you too," she made the mistake of looking into his green eyes. They bore into her, seeing past the mask she tried to hide behind. "I tried calling you, I left texts," he said. "You never answered." "Have you told her?" she blurted out. It wasn't how she had rehearsed to say it, but it was too late to take it back now. She was impatient; she needed to know where his heart was. Edward released her hand, running his hands up and down his face a few times before dropping them to his side and slouching in the chair. "Dammit Bella, can we just not talk about her?" He said, his tone was steely but his eyes looked tired. "I told you, it's not the right time." "When will it be the right time Edward?" Bella said angrily. "A week from now, two weeks, a month, when?" "I'm not talking about this with you right now," he said thinking she would drop it. "Why not me, don't you get it? I love you and I know you love me." She said fiercely looking into his eyes. "Why can't you see that we are meant to be together? Everyone else sees it but you." "Bells, I can't do this right now." Edward hung his head in defeat. "I…" "Don't. I don't want to hear it." Bella stood up as the hot tears came forward. "I get it, she's the blonde bombshell, and I'm not. I don't understand what you see in her, but I can't wait around until you finally realize that I'm the one for you. Goodbye Edward." "Bella," Edward said hoping she would stop but she continued for the door, watching as she walked out. He sat, numb, not knowing if he had just watched his best friend walk out of his life. Bella made it to her car before the tears made it impossible for her to see. She sat in the parking lot watching the front door of the café, hoping Edward would come out looking for her. It didn't happen, defeated; Bella put her car in gear and drove home. Her heart was breaking. She had been stupid to think that he would just walk away from Tanya, who was tall, blonde and every man's dream. Tanya, the woman who treated Bella like trash, who talked about people behind their back and only thought of herself. Ever since Edward had introduced her, Bella had been trying to understand what he saw in her. As she lay in bed that night, she thought back to when everything had changed. ~One Month Ago~ Tanya was out of town for business, so Edward had called Bella wanting her to come over to watch a movie. The innocent movie night had turned into making margaritas and taking shots of tequila. Sitting with him on the floor of his living room, a bottle of Patron between them, Bella had drunkenly confessed her feelings. Telling him that she loved him. That he should break up with Tanya so he could be with her. She went on to say that their friends and even their parents saw how perfect they would be together. Edward's eyes widened as he took her words to heart. He looked like he was seeing her for the first time. Bella continued to babble and didn't realize that he was moving closer to her. She felt his warm breath, his hand on her cheek. "Bells, stop talking," he commanded. She shut her mouth and waited. He leaned in and both felt the electric spark as his lips pressed to hers. Their lips moved together in a sensual dance. She opened her mouth to allow his tongue entrance. She felt his arm wrap around her waist, pulling her closer. Her arms moved around his neck, grabbing his hair to get closer. He pulled away for air and Bella could feel her lips were swollen from his kiss. She hoped when she looked into his eyes she would see the realization, the love, but when she looked into those blue eyes she loved, she only saw confusion and regret. "Bells," he started. "Whoa, that tequila is some strong stuff," she joked nervously. "I umm…I should go, I'll call Alice," she stood up and made her way to the door, grabbing her purse on the way. "Bella, don't go," he said, but she could tell he wasn't sure it was a good idea if she stayed. "Its fine, I'll have Alice pick me up, no worries." She said forcing a smile on her face. "I'll talk to you later." She hurriedly opened the door and walked out. She called Alice to come get her. Luckily, Alice arrived with her husband Jasper who drove Bella's car home for her. When Bella lay down in her bed later that night, she allowed the tears to come, knowing that things would never be the same between them. ~Two Weeks Ago~ Bella had been right. Their relationship became strained, neither one bringing up the kiss. The once easy and carefree conversations became jilted and awkward. Bella wasn't sure how to act around him anymore. The kiss had changed everything and not in the way she had hoped it would. Edward had not given her any indication as to what his feelings were. Which is why Bella was confused when Edward showed up at her door unexpectedly. The sudden knock on the door caused Bella to jump. She placed her bookmark into her beloved copy of Wuthering Heights and placed it on the couch as she got up. Glancing at the clock she noticed the late hour, wondering who was at her door. She looked through the eyehole and unlocked the door when she saw the familiar face. "Edward, what the hell are you doing here?" She said raising her eyebrow as she moved to let him in. "I…umm…well, Tanya and I had a fight and the only person I wanted to talk to was you, but I haven't been able to get a hold of you." He rattled out, not looking in her eyes. "The battery died, it's on the charger." She said suddenly angry. "So the only reason you stopped by was because you got in a fight with your girlfriend." "Well, that was part of the reason, but I missed you," he said, finally looking up at her. "Oh." The anger slowly slipped away. Those eyes were always her undoing. When she looked into them she never saw the bad boy he appeared to be to people on the street. When she looked into those eyes, he was the boy she had fallen in love with, the little nerd she had become friends with in high school. She looked into those eyes and saw the beautiful man he had become. "Bells, can we just talk about what happened?" he said. She turned around walking away from him shaking her head no. "Let's not, just forget about it," she said hoping he didn't hear the quiver in her voice. "We both had a little too much to drink." He reached out and took hold of her arm, effectively stopping her retreat. "Will you stop; we need to talk about this." He sounded desperate. "No, we don't," she said as tears came to her eyes. "I can't talk about it." "Why?" He was confused. "Because, if we talk about it, you will say it was a mistake then I'll lie and say I didn't mean anything I said," she said as the tears made their way down her cheeks. "When I meant every single word I said. I love you and…" For the second time Bella was cut off by Edward's lips on hers. Her eyes widened in surprise as the words she was about to say died in her throat. As his soft lips moved on hers she closed her eyes and let the feelings wash over her. Rising on her tiptoes, Bella wrapped her arms around his neck, nestling in his hair. He gripped her hips pulling her flush against him. Suddenly, his arms were no longer on her hips; instead they were on her ass, pulling her forward. She could feel him hard against her stomach. His kiss became more erotic as their tongues danced together. She pulled back when breathing became an issue. Looking into his eyes she saw the green had darkened and the look of lust in his eyes left her breathless. As his lips moved to her neck, Bella gasped. Running her fingers down his back as he pushed her against the wall. Edward ran one arm down her side, taking hold of her leg and drawing it up to his hip. Bella felt him roll his hips against her as she arched her back, his lips doing wicked things to her neck. Her nipples hardened as his mouth moved back up to meet hers. His hand squeezed her thigh as she moaned when Edward lifted her up. Instinctively, she wrapped her legs around his waist as he moved them towards her bedroom. He laid her on the bed, hovering over her; Edward said the words that Bella had longed to hear for so long… "Bells, I love