" I use to always picture my life as a fairy-tale. I did everything according to how the movies went. I tried to play the help-less girl, find the perfect guy to save me, and live happy ever after. Too bad I found the wrong guy, I fell in love and forgot the words to the script. I was stupid, I got caught up. He warned me, he told me! But I didn't listen, looking back I wish I did. It would have saved me from the hurt, from the pain, from waking up every day knowing my fairy-tale is over, I never got my happy ever after." Chapter 1 "Bella", my mother voice rang from downstairs. "Bella, hurry up! I can't afford to be late for work again!" I tried to speed up, my mother was never a pretty sight in the morning. She always woke up too early and left the house a little too late. She likes to blame me, like I am the reason she never makes it to work on time. 'Pssh yeah right, I rise the sun…. most morning "I'm coming" I grunted out trying to force the jeans past my thighs. "It's your fault for forcing me to buy NOTHING but skinny jeans, mom I thought you knew me better. "Yeah yeah, blame me, Lets go Isabella!" "Oh no…she said the first name, should I be scared mother" "ISABELLA", she shouted. Oops too far I guess! "Okay, I'm coming" I said rushing down the stairs. I stop by the kitchen to grab my bag from last night. I was too tired to carry it further I guess, oh well, laziness gets the best of me again. "How do I look" my mom asked doing a spin around. Hmm... Black pencil skirt, check, same old white bottom up shirt, check. 6-inch heels, check. Oh wait, what's this! "Mother, did you do your hair this morning?" Her usually brown bun was let down, her brownish, reddish hair falling freely down to her waist in natural carefree waves. I was surprised, my mother was like me, sloppy bun does the trick every day, less hassle, less stress. "Yeah", she said sheepishly, "I wanted to try something new, your father really liked it this morning." "OH MY GRAVY BISCUT, MOTHER!" Grossed out wasn't the word for what I was feeling. I was pretty sure I heard some knocking and moaning while I was sleeping, but to hear it confirmed, uggh just gross. "Let's go" I said shuddering. We walked out the door, locking it behind us. My father Charlie was long gone. He works early in the morning and comes back late at night. No worries though, he isn't cheating just working. Yeah, like my parents could ever split. Talk about true love right there, high school sweet-hearts. They grew up in this boring town where I STILL currently reside called Forks. Its small, its grey, it rains every day and it's just BLAH! Don't get me wrong, I love it here, well as much as a small town girl could love the only place she has ever been, but I want the love my parents have, the love you see in movies, the one you read about and go crazy trying to find. The problem you ask, That love won't happen in Forks, Washington. Who is going to give me that romance that makes your toes crawls, Mike Newton? HA! That's laughable. Nothing changes in Forks, you see the same faces every day, the same boys every day. Hell I grew up with these boys. Booger eating Eric, Farting Tyler, Creepy James or Mister 'I can't take No for an answer Mike. Yeah No! But I still have hopes, I believe in fairy-tale love, and my knight in shining armor is going come save me from wanna-be prince charmings. I'm sure of it. My mom pulled up to the school bringing me out of my thoughts. "Have a nice day sweetie", she shouted as I got out the car, only to embarrass me I swear. "Nice Mom, I yelled back unashamed, "Aren't you late for work…again?". She looked down, give me the finger and drove away. I laughed a little, gotta love your mom man. "What's up chicka", my best friend Rosa said walking up to me. Rosalie was a stunning goddess. She had it all, everything you could dream about having. She had curves in all the right spots. The boobs, that weren't too little or too much, perfect fit for your hands. Her hair golden, slick straight reaching all the way down to the middle of her back. She was perfect, the girl who had the fairy-tale look. "Nothing…what's up with you chicka?" I said bumping her with my hip "Oh..kay, weirdo, you would never believe what has happen" "Emmett grew a brain" "No…Yes….Stop dissing my man women!" I laughed and began walking to Science class knowing she would follow. "We have two new student!" She yelled, clearly excited for new faces in the small square town. I was little interested of course, Forks never gets new kids. "Okay, give me details, girl, boy, unicorn?" "Unicorn?" "Missing the point!" "Anyways…there is a girl and a boy, twins from what I heard. I haven't exactly seen them yet but, story around school is, the boy got kicked out of his old school so they sent him across country to get his act together." "ohh bad boy, me lickie" I said walking to my seat. Rosa rolled her eyes but made no comment. I sat down and prepared myself for another boring lecture about how 'science rules the world' from Mr. Banner aka Freakoziod. I mean seriously the man talks about science likes it sex, which it isn't. Science is…well science. "Okay class today we are going to discuss the wonders of Cells", he said clapping his hands. "First let's turn to- He was cut off, thank god, by the door opening. In walked GOD. I swear, think of the hottest man you have ever seen in your life, and just times that by 1000 and you have the man standing in front of me today. He was beyond handsome, his deep green eyes capturing me in, his even, clear skin making my legs weak. He was tall, he was muscular, he was….my knight in shining armor. I just knew it. From his dark jeans sticking to his legs in the most perfect way to his jacket hugging his arms in the way I wish I could. "Well hello there sir, what's your name?" Mr. Banner said looking a little upset from having his 'wonder of cell' lecture interrupted "Edward" "Do you have a last name Edward?" "Yes" There was a moment of silence… "Would you like to share your last name sir?" "Masen, my name is Edward Masen, are you happy now?" Oh boy, Edward Masen seems to a little on the grumpy side, well I could work with that. "Mr. Masen please take a seat anywhere there is an empty chair" Mr. Banner said returning back to his lecture. No one was paying any attention though, we were all watching Edward seeing where he would choice to sit. "Hey Edward", Jessica the town slut whispered, "Come sit next to me" "Yeah and catch a disease", I said back. "Come join the dark side with me Edward, you will love it, I guarantee" I winked for good measure hoping it would persuade him better. Rosa laughed, and went back to "listening" to the lecture. Ha! Who are we kidding, we all know she is secretly texting Emmett. He smirked and began walking my way. With each step he took in my direction I felt my heart increase. Sweat was beginning to form on my hands. He smiled like he knew exactly what he was doing to me. He finally reached my table and took a chair out to sit down. "Well miss I must say thank you, I really do find myself enjoying the dark side" I blushed and looked down, suddenly shy "Well I couldn't let the town stank get you infected" "Well thank you for caring…" "Bella…Bella Swan" He grabbed my hand and lightly kissed it, "Bella…beautiful name for a beautiful girl" Those were the last words I heard before I passed out. Yup I know exactly what you are thinking. TALK ABOUT MOTHER FUDGE BUCKETS EMBRASSING! "Ha, join the dark side and have me pass out of you" "Shut it Stanly before I come over there and really give you something to laugh about" "Bella" I heard someone whispered into my ear "Come on Bella, Get up please". Yeah and face that embarrassment, No thank you! I find the guy of my dreams and he charms me right out of consciences, I'll never live this down! "Bella you better open them eyes girl or let everyone know about the 'summer of 01'", Rosa threatened. I knew she wasn't kidding, that summer shall never be spoke of again! It was a horrible time in the Swan history. I opened my eyes and found myself looking straight into a pool of deep green eyes. Whoa talk about breath-taking. "Miss Swan, do you think you can control yourself so I can get back to my lecture or do you need to me taken to the nurse", Mr. Banner said. Like I said FREAKOZIOD. I faint and all he is concerned about is his lecture. Before I could answer Edward opened his mouth and volunteer to take me to the nurse. Talk about charm guys, I just knew he was the perfect guy for me. "Come on Bella", Edward said helping me up. "Let's get you to the nurse". I looked around and saw Rosa winking at me. 'Hook, line and sinker' she mouthed with a thumbs up. I wonder about that girl sometimes. "So you do that often" Edward asked while we were walking out the class "What, pshhh, all the time, nothing says cool than passing out on a guy right" He smirked but said nothing, we kept walking and I noticed it was nowhere near the direction of the nurse office. "You know you are going in the wrong direction" "Hmm… oh well, anything is better than 'wonders of cell' I laughed, one day and he already has Mr. Banner down. "It only gets worse trust me" "So tell me Bella, what is there to do in this sad town" "Hey! Forks has it perks okay!" "Like what" "Well…..It has me" I said with a smile, I like to think I spice things up in Forks. With all my hospital visit and epic fails, I keep people on their toes. "Yeah you're something" I couldn't tell by his tone if he meant that in a bad way or not. So I'm just going to assume he meant that in the best way possible. "Bella, hey Bella", I heard over-excited Mike shout from down the hall. "Wait up Bells" I groaned, one day that's all I want, just one day without him asking me out. Was that too much to ask, and Bells, who the hell did he take me far. You can't create a nickname from a nickname, "Wanna run Bells", Edward ask smiling. "I can't do that, he has already seen me" "Sure you can", he said grabbing my hand and dragging me down the hall towards the school exist. "Wait, are we leaving school, it just started?" I said trying to keep up with his long stride. "Yes, live a little, it will be fun" I have never cut school before, shoot I had a damn near perfect attendance. I was the good girl, good girls never cut class. But isn't this what supposed to happen in the movies, the guy comes, he is trouble, the girl changes him, they fall in love, yada yada yada. Okay stick to the script Bella "Where are we going" I asked trying not to