Prologue Dusk Malveya's POV 16 th of March, 2021 I find myself gingerly standing in the same spot I always do in my dreams. I'm standing on the cliffs of La Push Reservation, feeling the cold winds and icy waters spraying dangerously close to my face. I inhale a sharp breath, inflating my lungs with the eternal chilliness of my home. My dark, shoulder-length curls cascade over my bare shoulders whilst my eyes explore the rabid waves and rocky earth below. My vision is hazy, grey and gloomy; and behind me, the shadowy surroundings of the forest are disarrayed. " Dusk," Her voice pierces the sound of the roaring ocean and I turn around obediently. I meet her gentle, hazel eyes as she saunters forwards. Sunlight illuminates her olive skin and she smiles as she emerges from the depths of the forest I dare not venture into. She wears her billowing, sky-blue dress–the very gown I've grown accustomed to seeing in this wondrous dreamland–made of silken fabrics and woven lace. I dash towards her as soon as she appears and her smile brightens. She opens her arms, beckoning me forward in a sisterly fashion, and I relax my heavy head upon her shoulder. Engulfing me in her protective embrace, she remains strong when I feel like nobody else is. The tears I've been withholding in reality begin to cascade in my dreams. I begin to uncontrollably wail, trembling with dread, as she smooths her fingers over my hair, holding me close. " It's alright, Dusk," She whispers as I breathlessly sob. " I can't do this!" I splutter, consumed by pitiful anxiety. "I can't leave Forks. I can't go tomorrow." The wind whips around us and, when she pulls away to look at me, I see familiarity in her affectionate eyes. She cups my face with her hands and wipes my flushed cheeks clean of tears with her thumb. "You are strong enough; I believe you can do this. So do Saffron, Maurice and Aria – as well as your brothers and grandparents." " What if I let them down? What if I lose my job? I'm their last chance! I can't b-breathe, Zahlia." " Dusk, listen to me, you can do this," Zahlia sternly states, staring deep into my watery eyes, and I swallow back the sobs escaping my lips. "You'll get on that plane, you'll live your life in Colorado, and you'll be happy." " I'm their last chance..." I trail off hopelessly and gaze out towards the endless, ominous seas. " Dusk, don't distrust yourself with this opportunity! You are unlike any other human in this sad, dreary town; you have passion and spirit in your heart. Your desire for adventure has been starved too long. You're not trapped ; you're scared of leaving this gilded cage and plummeting to the ground. You're afraid that you cannot fly in this world all alone and that's a pointless fear." " Grandma Aisha says our kind is a fearless race...and so why do I feel like such a worrier?" " You are!" She laughs musically. "But you must decide what kind, Dusk. Are you worrier, someone who cowers from the escape and clings to the borders of this wearisome town? Or are you a warrior, someone who tackles their fears with an unyielding spirit and flies with a force far stronger than wings?" I frown, unable to understand her strong-willed words. "I...I don't get what you mean." She smiles, her eyes knowing and her expression peaceful. "You will, perhaps when you settle into your job in Colorado. Maybe you'll understand who you are when you don't have anyone to help you." " I know who I am, Zahlia, I've known for a long time now and that's why I have to go. People are counting on me–people have always been counting on me–and I won't let them down, I can't possibly. This job in Colorado will solve my family's financial problems and I'm glad of that at least," I answer resolutely. Zahlia nods. "I know you're torn, Dusk, and I'm sorry. But you know you don't need your family's encouragement, you don't need my support, and you don't even need to consider other options. You know this is right; you know you have to leave Forks, for everyone's sake. Staying here...letting the walls of this town close in on your spirit...well, it's such a waste of rare passion. Maybe this adventure will release the inner magic I'm positive you have." " It's not me who has the magic! In fact, it's my sister. Aria turns sixteen in ten weeks, she should be blooming soon, and her Doveblood magic will surface and she'll become the current Amaranth of the African bloodline. I hope I can still support her, even though we'll be States apart," My chest aches with disappointment and sorrow. The magic always falls upon the second daughter for a one reason, so the first daughter can protect and bear the duty of guiding her younger sister with ease. Over generations of Dovebloods, the 'first daughter' has evolved into a protector and guardian of the magic. These guardians are called Fai : meaning 'first born', and there is always a Fai born before an Amaranth. Fais have a little more magic than the average Doveblood, though far less than the Amaranth and she wields her gifts to help protect her sister from harm. A Fai would give her life if it meant saving the Amaranth, for Amaranths spread the seasons over the globe with their magic. Without them, we would not have steady weather. Now–being forced to move from Forks, as well as my little sister–I'm leaving Aria vulnerable to the merciless, immortal evils of this world. Leaving an Amaranth unprotected is dangerous; they are rare creatures, even among Dovebloods. Dovebloods who hold little power compared to those who reside in the veiled Kingdom of Treya in Nepal. Only Amaranths may cross the threshold of Treya. Zahlia's eyes leave mine and she looks out towards the cloudy horizon of my dreams. I feel my warm breath caressing the cold air around us and–as an icy breeze whisks my corkscrew locks away from my shoulders–the Cliffside's howling winds leave stinging, frosty kisses down my neck. Zahlia's expression is absentminded and her tone sombre when she finally replies, "Your sister will make a good Doveblood." I frown at her solemn, thoughtful remark. "Of course she will, I'm sure of it! And she won't just be a Doveblood like the rest of the females in my family, she'll be an Amaranth : the most powerful magic-wielder of the African bloodline. She'll go to Treya, our kind's homeland, and she'll meet the Goddesses. She'll have a lot of responsibilities, but she'll be amazing with her gifts." " Are you really sure, Dusk?" " Why do you ask?" I murmur uncertainly. Zahlia shifts her gaze from the horizon and smiles at me, though her striking eyes aren't filled with their usual warmth. She seems withdrawn and my emotions are clouded with worry. Zahlia has always been so definite about everything and now she seems so frightfully doubtful? "Do you think Aria will make a good witch?" The question pierces me and I release a sharp breath, feeling an underlying panic simmer. "Zahlia, you are a mere reflection of my subconscious that visits me in times of unease. I've Googled it and all! I've accepted that over the years and I guess I've grown fond of this neutral, passive place. But if you feel unsure about Aria's potential with magic, then so do I...and I don't. My sister was made for this." For a moment, Zahlia appears hurt by my comment and her eyes descend to the ground. A spark of guilt ignites within me and I'm regretful. "A mere reflection of your subconscious, Dusk? That is science speaking and not magic, and you know better than that entirely. You must realise that I'm not just a reflection . If I were your 'mental mirror'...we'd appear the same!" " Our features are similar. I mean, we look alike. I've noticed that since I was little." " Yes, we do look alike," Zahlia smiles softly before sighing. "Dusk, I'm not a mirror and I'm certainly not your reflection. If I were, I'd feel like Aria would make an incredible Amaranth...because I know you think she will and I admire your faith in her. But, I'm sorry; I do not believe Aria will make a skilled witch. She is more human than Doveblood." " Aria's the second Malveya daughter," I say without hesitation. "Her magic will bloom by her sixteenth birthday and I'll be in Colorado, raising children for a man I've never met. Unless my mother had an affair and birthed a daughter before Aria, I'm certain her mystical fate is sealed. And so is mine." " You've always talked like you know your life's plan for certain, Dusk," Zahlia muses. I shrug my shoulders nonchalantly. "I certainly do." Zahlia's radiant warmth returns–her hazel eyes alight with fondness–and I'm glad to see the positive change in her demeanour. She lifts her chin confidently, our previous disagreement fading fast. "Well, I must go. And you must awaken for your journey tomorrow." I groan at the thought of being released from this safe haven. "Do I have to wake up?" " You know this is the right thing to do," Zahlia remarks wisely and I scowl in concurrence. Zahlia pulls me into a loving hug and I feel the familiar sense of family from her. "Sometimes I wish you were real, Zahlia. I wish you could be there when I wake up and tell me everything's going to be okay," I murmur in tears and her embrace tightens. "I'm probably crazy for wishing that, right?" Zahlia chuckles and pulls back to look at me, tears also in her eyes. "It's not crazy, it's human ." " But I'm not even human!" I laugh half-heartedly, my eyes downcast. " You're human enough for me to be real, Dusk. I'm in your people's magic, in the love you have for your family, in the sacrifices you make and in the future you'll create. I'll always be watching over you, I promise. If you need guidance or advice, I'll be in your dreams," I nod gratefully and smile. "Oh...and, Dusk?" Zahlia puts her hands on my shoulders before proceeding back into the murky depths of La Push's woodlands. "Happy 21 st birthday." "Dusk!" A haze of reality slowly settles over my conscience and I'm jolted with the feel of someone's hands on my shoulders, shaking me awake. I long to remain lost in the dreamland–torn from the truth of my life–where I can't feel the pressure these hands on my shoulders are suffocating me with. "Dusk?" Voices of the people I love flutter around me and yet my body instinctively fights the disturbance of peaceful slumber. A soft moan escapes my lips as I am dragged from the depths of sleep. I feel like I'm being plucked from the sea – fiercely yanked out of cool, harmless waters I blissfully drown in. The surface is near as I hear my name being called a third time: "Dusk, wake up!" My eyes blast open and I jerk upwards, hit with the unwelcomed glare of sunlight in my bedroom and the wonderful faces of my family. I glance around quickly as my eyes adjust and see my parents, my grandparents and siblings smiling down upon me. I memorise their happy, delighted faces and lock the snapshot into my memory. They're more than worth the sacrifice, I think to myself and greet them with a hoarse voice. "Good morning!" Aria, my little sister, chimes excitedly and grins. She gives me a long, loving hug which I gladly return. She sits perched on my creaky bed, her Spanish curls cascading over her shoulders like a cloak, her forest green-hazel eyes blazing with beauty and vigour.