This story was written as part of the Christmas Fic Exchange at .com as a gift for the wonderful starkist. His arms are around my neck. I can't breathe. I'm gasping for air, my throat burning and my eyes stinging. Black dots begin to dance in front of my eyes and I can feel my knees failing beneath me, but I really don't care. His arms are around me and he can squeeze the life right out of me if he wants to. Because he's here. He's back. He's alive. He's safe. He's here. Peeta . Peeta, in the flesh, in District 13, in my arms. Peeta. My Peeta. I think I might be whispering his name under my breath, but as his arms loosen around me, a spluttering cough erupts from my chest and silences the sound. I clutch on to him tighter. We stand there unmoving, arms wrapped around each other – my arms encircle his waist while his shaking hands grip my shoulders tightly – for who knows how long. The purple ink on my skin glares up at me accusingly, but schedules don't matter. Time doesn't matter. He's here. Peeta is here. I must have said his name aloud, because now he's pulling back, his hands moving up to gently grasp my face. I look up and get my first good look at him. His skin is mottled with bruises and cuts, but his face is ashen, his eyes are slightly unfocused and wild as they pour over every inch of me. He's so pale. He looks like he's just seen a ghost. He slowly traces my cheekbones with swollen fingers and suddenly I'm aware of just how badly his hands are trembling. "Peeta?" My voice sounds tinny and distant. His mouth opens and closes a few times, but no sound comes out. His chest starts to heave and tears begin to trickle down his sunken cheeks. A moan escapes his lips and panic roils within my heart. He should be happy. He should be smiling and relieved and peppering me with kisses. Instead his face contorts and agonised sobs rack his body. Relief, fear, joy and rage fight a war within me. He's here. He's safe. He's alive. He's hurt. What did Snow do to him? I can feel the water running down my own face as I press our bodies closer together, arms and legs tangled as we hold onto one another for dear life. Rivulets of saltwater collide and mix irreversibly. I take a deep breath and drink him in. Peeta. My Peeta. I have him back. And I will never let him out of my sight again. The walls are spotless. Clinical white tile. Stain resistant. (Don't. Don't think. Count the tiles.) 1, 2, 3... "Well?" 7, 8, 9... "Mr Mellark." 14, 15, 16... "I'll only ask you one more time, Mr Mellark." 30, 31, 32... (He won't get anything. Not now, not ever. Even if there was something to give.) He sighs. "Very well, Mr Mellark..." He smiles. (Spitting venom and lies and death and her and her and oh god where is she.) He nods. One of the others reaches up to the box on the spotless white wall (48, 49, 50) and presses the small grey button. Static buzzes in and floods the room (63, 64, 65). Silence hangs heavily over them all (80, 81, 82) until finally - a whimper (96, 97, 9- And the blood in his veins turns to ice. The sound grows, transforms, curls into cries and wails and screams screams screams and wraps itself around his throat and squeezes squeezes squeezes. "Katniss?" The word rips from his heart as he's gasping and twisting, struggling against the restraints, flesh tearing and eyes stinging and - "YOU DON'T LAY A FINGER ON HER." He just smiles. "Well Mr Mellark, that's entirely up to you now, isn't it?" Peeta has been back for two weeks now, and I haven't left his side once. There's a constant stream of nurses and doctors flowing through his small room every day, but they quickly learned to work around an extra body in the bed and no longer bother to ask me to leave. The answer was always the same. When my mother and Prim come in every morning to change the dressings on his worst wounds, my stomach turns violently and I look away quickly, but I never let go of his hand. I don't think he'd let me even if I wanted to. That first day, he was shaking so hard and weeping so deeply I thought that he must have been in terrible pain. Terrified, I went to call a nurse to help him, but the moment my arms left his body he erupted in panic. Haymitch had to hold him down while my mother injected a needle full of sedative into his thigh. They laid him down and I crawled up onto the bed and nestled myself beside him. I fell asleep with my head pressed against his heaving chest, my heart equal parts overjoyed and terrified. I woke up to his face staring down at me. Peeta watching me sleep was not a new experience by far, but the way he was looking at me was. His eyes didn't fill with love and awe like they used to, the corners of his mouth were turned down and his brows furrowed. He looked down at me in pure disbelief, as if he couldn't possibly believe I was actually there. "Katniss?" he whispered, the way he still does sometimes. It mostly happens at night now; he will wake from a nightmare and need assurance that I'm still there, that I'm still okay. But sometimes during the day, when he gets locked away somewhere behind those blue eyes, he'll turn to me in shock and ask, "Katniss? Is this real?" "Real," I tell him every time. That second day, we didn't leave his hospital bed. I fed us both mouthfuls of a clear broth and cubes of nearly-stale bread. Neither of us said it, but I knew it took us both back to a place far away, a cold cave sheltering us from the pouring rain. I shivered and pulled him closer to me. For hours we lay together and breathed each other in. We took turns listening to the other's heartbeat, our bodies tangled together as a constant reminder that we were both alive and safe and together again. On the third day, I awoke to a smile. "Katniss," he said. For the first time there wasn't a question mark. As we fell asleep that night, I felt his fingers ghost over my face, but I kept my eyes tightly closed. He pressed a soft kiss to my forehead and I fought hard to hold back the tears that pricked at my eyelids. On the fourth day, he asked the question. "Why are we in Thirteen?" My heart sank as I realised, he didn't know. I stammered and stuttered as I concocted an answer. "Be- because they...they rescued us, Peeta," I told him, "They saved us. They took - they took me from the Arena and you... you from..." I trailed off and looked away guiltily as he considered my words. I knew I would have to tell him eventually, but not yet. Not yet. But then... "But how did Prim and your mother get here? And Gale? Did they bring my family over too? Can I see them?" My heart shattered. I think he knew before I opened my mouth. I think he knew the second the tears began to stream down my cheeks. I held him for hours as the sobs wracked his body. We cried together for our District, for our home. For our friends. For his family. Late that night, after exhaustion had claimed him, I ran my fingers through his matted curls and made a whispered promise. "I know they can never be replaced. But... but I'll be your family, Peeta." On the fifth day, he began to tell me a little of what Snow had done to him in the Capitol. I had stupidly asked and instantly regretted it. We spent the afternoon weeping together and as we lay down to sleep, I kissed him gently on the cheek. He inhaled sharply and the grip around my wrist tightened, but in the dark I could just make out the corners of his mouth turn up slowly. On the sixth day, we left his room for the first time. He leaned heavily on me as we slowly walked the halls of the ward. We passed a small room with half a dozen machines hooked up to the small figure unconscious on the bed. Finnick sat beside them, a hand reaching up to grasp Annie's wrist gently. He gave us a small nod and a tired smile before turning back to watch her chest rise and fall. When we returned to our room, Delly Cartwright was waiting nervously outside. Her hands stilled their wringing as she saw us coming, a smile flooding her features. Peeta froze and let out a startled gasp, his knuckles turning white as they squeezed my hand tight. Their tearful embrace was complicated by Peeta's refusal to let me go and I found myself caught up in an awkward three-way hug. Neither of them seemed to mind, though, and the rest of the day was spent crying and laughing and hugging. Delly left late that night with great reluctance and promised to see us again soon. Peeta slept soundly through the night. On the seventh day, we kissed properly for the first time since the beach, a lifetime ago. It was gentle and tender, Peeta hesitating an inch above my lips before I pulled him down to meet me. It was quiet and lingering and secret. There were no cameras, no audiences, no words. It felt nothing like any of our previous kisses. I instantly wanted more. On the tenth day, we kissed again. And on the eleventh. And on the twelfth. And on the thirteenth. Today, a nurse came in early to remove the many lines connecting his veins to the rotating bags of fluid that sit above us. He is finally being discharged from the hospital. We're going to go make a new home. He's hooked up to wires, so many wires, connecting him to the two machines that sit on the gleaming silver table (stain resistant). "Do you know what this is, Mr Mellark?" He doesn't know, he doesn't care, he can't care. The only thing that matters is keeping him in this room and not the next one over. "It's very simple. I will ask you a question. You will respond. This machine will determine whether or not you have answered truthfully. If you are honest with me, that machine will deliver you an electric shock." What? The absurdity of it forces a humourless bark from his throat. "Not much of an incentive." But here comes that smile, all white teeth and black death. "No? If you tell me the truth, you receive a shock. But if you lie to me, Mr Mellark, if you respond dishonestly...She gets the shock." Peeta was assigned to Compartment 409 with Finnick. But Finnick spends day and night in the hospital wing, insistent that he will be there when Annie finally wakes. Until then, he refuses to leave. Technically, I still reside in Compartment E and my schedule gets sent there every morning. But that means nothing to me anymore as Peeta and I spend most of our time locked away in 409. His schedule is always full of therapy sessions and checkups, and I go with him to them all. When we feel like it. Otherwise we stay in bed all day, talking or sleeping or kissing or just being. Being together. Nothing else matters. Prim and Gale cross my mind daily, but I know that they are both