Terra Australis 1815 - London A loaf of bread changed his life forever. Jesse was starving. There was no other way to put it. The city was no stranger to distended bellies, glazed eyes and withered limbs, and he would soon join the ranks of the unfortunate souls condemned to a slow demise. It wasn't supposed to be like this. This great city of London was supposed to change his life forever. All the stories that filtered out to the countryside were the same: too many people, too little space. But there were jobs, if you know how to find them. Jesse thought he did. A year or two living the big city life should do it; new experiences, exciting adventures, saving up a few precious shillings to send home to Mama. But six months after his arrival in London, Jesse was starving. There was no other way to put it. He sat slumped against the icy brick wall in the alley behind the wood shop. He had hoped that his strength from years of felling trees in the woods would be his endorsement, but it was to no avail. He had not had a bite to eat in nearly three days, and this had been his last hope. There were no jobs, no adventures, no money. There was nothing in this city for him but death. As cool rain began to fall upon his head, Jesse began to accept the inevitable: he was going to die lying in this alleyway. Thoughts of better times began to flood his mind: of home, of his family, of his beloved woods. Of all the things he would never see again. Jesse closed his eyes and conjured up an image of warm, steaming bread, a brand new loaf straight out of Mama's oven. He licked his dry, chapped lips and swore he could almost taste it. He could even smell it, so fresh and moist and pungent. It was all so real, he felt as if he could open his eyes and find it right there under his nose. He opened his aching eyes slowly and- No. It couldn't be. It was real. Right there in the alley. Sticking out of the wicker basket attached to a rickety bicycle, no owner in sight. Was this delirium? The last visions of a dying man? Oh that smell... Jesse slowly raised his shaking limbs off the ground and craned his neck to survey the scene. The rain continued to pour and there was not a soul in sight. This was it. This was his hope, his life, a second chance. His deprived body took control as his mind struggled to process the situation. One step, grab the bread, run. One step, grab the bread, run. One step. His feet complied. Grab the bread. It felt warm and crisp and impossibly real under his fingertips. Run. His weak legs struggled on the slippery pavers. An enraged shout cut through the air behind him; the owner of the bicycle was back. Run. If he could just make it out of the alley, lose himself in the throng of unwashed bodies that flooded the streets. Run. The shouts continued and a new sound joined in the chorus. Bells? Police. Run. If he could just- The baton hit his temple and his body hit the ground. Jesse stood, shackled and bound, awaiting his sentence. In a few short moments, a man in a white wig would determine his fate. He couldn't go back to prison. He couldn't face it a moment longer. The stench, the rot, the claustrophobia. Every night he dreamed of open expanse, rolling hills and never-ending blue skies. The man in the wig opened his mouth and Jesse held his breath. Everdeen, Jesse. He couldn't go back to prison. Charged with the crime of theft. He couldn't go back to prison. Found guilty. He couldn't go back to prison. Sentenced to transportation for a term of seven years. He wasn't going back to prison. He was going to Australia. 1816 – The Indian Ocean An overheard song changed her life forever. Jacinta stared at the expanse before her. The deep blue sheet seemed to never end, stretching out for miles in all directions. In the midst of this great ocean of water, she suddenly felt smaller than she had ever in her lifetime. She had no idea what to expect. Only a few months earlier her entire existence had seemed so concrete. She would marry her dear fiancé, be a devoted wife and mother and care for their lovely estate on the edge of the county. It would be a simple life, but a fulfilling one. It was sure and it was safe and it was known. Now she had thrown all three of those things away. She loved Brandon Mellark a great deal and had accepted his proposal with glee. She supposed her love must be great for her to follow him even here, onto this one-way course to the unknown. She had no desire to leave England, but Brandon, oh dear sweet Brandon had heard such wonderful stories about the new Great Southern Land and promptly determined to make a new life, a better life, for his family in the Terra Australis. Passage was bought and trunks were packed and Jacinta found herself on this rickety ship with all kinds of dangers lurking about, but she plastered a smile onto her face and told both herself and Brandon that she was wonderfully okay. She tried not to think of shipwrecks or typhoons, of the deadly savages, famines and animals rumoured to inhabit her new home, of the convicted criminals that were housed under her feet. She had no idea what this new world had to offer, no idea what awaited her in Sydney Cove. As she stared out at the infinite ocean, she tried to convince herself it would all be all right. She closed her eyes and forced deep breaths to pass through her chest. Brandon would be awaiting her, one more look and she would return to the confines of her cabin. She slowly opened her eyes, and then she heard it. A simple melody, delivered in deep, rich tones. Words that sang of a green meadow, a safe place, a haven. The most beautiful song she had ever heard, sung by a voice that sent a shiver down her spine and a smile unto her lips. Jacinta carefully peered over the railing to which she clung and searched the deck below her for the source of the sound. The manacles on his wrists identified him as a convict, and the dark beard that adorned his chin disguised the years in his face. He moved slowly, hunched over, sweeping a makeshift broom along the deck. The song continued. Jacinta watched in awe for what could have been a minute, or could have been an hour. There was something about this man and his song that reached up into her chest and gripped her heart without release. He ambled out of her view, but the lightness within her chest remained. She closed her eyes and conjured up the dirty face of the man. Maybe this Terra Australis really would be all right, after all... 1825 – Windsor, New South Wales An overheard song changed his life forever. Peeta looked up at the new wooden building before him. It was a small schoolhouse, really, but to him it seemed a towering palace, imposing and inviting all at the same time. His gaze dropped from the sharply-angled roof to the throng of children that congregated on the veranda. The group of older children greeted each other warmly, regaling each other with tales of the summer break: Christmas celebrations, dips in the River, for one or two exceedingly lucky boys and girls even came a trip east to Sydney. Peeta watched as his brothers bounded over to the group, joining in the conversation with ease. The few children his own age hung back, clinging to parents or siblings in fright and anxiety. Peeta was lucky. The Mellark bakery was located in the centre of town, directly opposite the hive of activity that was the Macquarie Arms inn ( God rest the poor Governor's soul). He was used to crowds and activity, visitors and new faces. The children that grew up on the outskirts of town, living and working on the farms and properties that spread out along the Hawkesbury River, might never have even seen this many people at once in all their lives. Windsor was an old town, by New South Wales standards – it was nearly 36 years old, the third oldest settlement in the colony. The population was booming and the gleaming new schoolhouse was evidence of this fact. For the first time, all the children in the district would come together to learn: town kids and farm kids, settler and convict alike. For some reason, Peeta recalled, this had made his mother very angry. Peeta knew the teacher would arrive soon, and he would have to drop the warm, familiar hand of his father and venture inside the scary building. But he was five whole years old now. He was a big boy, and he could be brave. He tried to remember some of the advice his brothers had peppered him with last night. Make sure you always shine your shoes in the morning. Never ever talk without lifting your hand first. Don't forget your lunch. And most important of all, Peety, stay away from the Connies. You don't one of those crims as your friend. Nuh-uh. Peeta didn't know exactly why he wasn't supposed to be friends with everyone. But he knew that he was a Settler and Settlers were friends with Settlers, and Convicts were friends with Convicts. That's just the way things were, even if it made no sense to him. He did find some of the convicts scary, like the wild-eyed chain gangs that marched through the town occasionally as he hid in his mother's skirt. But some of them were nice, like the tall man with the big bushy beard that brought his father possums and kangaroo meat sometimes. Besides, even if the mums and dads had done bad things, who says the kids couldn't make good friends? It was just silly. There were a lot of things Peeta didn't understand about grown-ups. Peeta felt his father give his hand a gentle squeeze. It was nearly time. He looked around for a familiar face to cling to and smiled when he came across the blonde pigtails of his friend Delly. He called her name and waved. She grinned and beckoned him over. Peeta looked up at his father questioningly, but found his jaw set firmly and his gaze set on something in the distance. Peeta felt the grip on his hand grow tighter and searched the horizon for the source of his father's discomfort. There was nothing there. No scary animals or Aborigines or bushfires. Just a pretty blonde lady walking hand-in-hand with a little girl. As they got closer, father squeezed his hand tightly and Peeta watched the pair closely. The girl was about his age, he thought. She was wearing a pretty red dress and had two long black braids spilling over her shoulders. A wide, toothy grin filled her face as she laughed with her mother. As they approached the schoolhouse, the girl turned and gave her mother a quick hug before darting off towards the group of convicts' children gathered on the front steps. Just like that. No fuss, no fear. Peeta watched in awe. The blonde lady turned and started slightly at the sight of Peeta and his father. She gave a polite nod and quickly began the walk around the bend towards the river. Only when she was out of sight was Peeta's small hand released. He looked up at his father in concern. "Are you okay, daddy?" Peeta watched as