It started with a loaf of bread. The first thing she noticed was the heat. The automatic doors hummed softly as they closed behind her, sealing her off from the bitter cold and falling snow. In an instant, the warmth of the brightly lit building began to revive her aching body. 15 hours spent driving cross-country in a blizzard had taken a definite toll. She paused in the wide entryway to shake most of the frozen, brown slush from her boots, but decided to leave her thick coat and wool scarf on. She wasn't going to be here long. The second thing she noticed was the silence. The store was almost entirely empty. Aside from two bored cashiers chatting over their empty registers and the faint music trickling down from the speakers overhead, the entire building was still. Confused, she turned to look at the signs on the wall behind her. Had she read the opening hours wrong? No, there it was: OPEN 24 HOURS, emblazoned in bold, red lettering. So where was everybody? It was barely 9pm, back home, the stores would be bustling and full of life for at least another two or three hours. She had been counting on a throng of late-night shoppers to disappear into and render her uncomfortable errand inconspicuous. Instead, she could feel the bored teens' eyes all over her as she shuffled through the entrance. Dead at night. Lesson number 1 about the small town she would call home for the next four years. When Prim had come into the office that afternoon and shoved the piece of paper in her sister's face with trembling hands and red-rimmed eyes, Katniss had expected the very worst. But for the first time in years, a manila envelope had brought good news to the Everdeen family. That night, over celebratory mocktails and Prim's favourite fish stew, the girls had made their plans. Four months later, the house was empty and boxes full as the sisters pulled out of the driveway for the very last time. As the house they had lived in all their lives faded from sight, Prim gazed back, blinking back tears. Katniss did not. She didn't have any grand illusions about what might be awaiting her in the new town, but there was nothing left for her there either. The third thing she noticed was the smell. As she scanned the unfamiliar aisles, it came down like an avalanche; the smell of freshly baked bread, yeasty and sweet, overwhelming her senses. Her mouth watered as her eyes came upon the source, the cheerful, yellow-painted bakery section in the far left corner of the store. Everything within her yearned to run over to the shelves stacked full of floury loaves, to inhale deeply and grab everything in sight. A warm, dense loaf of pumpernickel to toast, some flaky, buttery croissants for breakfast, maybe even a couple of dainty cupcakes to surprise Prim. But the 49 coins clinking noisily in her pocket brought her back to reality in an instant. Biting back a sigh, she set her chin and strode towards the aisles of canned food. Prim's hard-earned scholarship money wouldn't come through until Monday and the last of Katniss' wages had been carefully budgeted to cover the bond on their tiny new apartment and gas to get them across six states, with enough left over to get them through the weekend. However, what hadn't been accounted for was their father's old truck breaking down in the middle of Iowa, and their 'weekend survival' money quickly becoming 'emergency roadside assistance' money. When all was said and done, with a thorough search through the car for loose change, Katniss was left with exactly $3.42 with which to feed two people for two days. It was more than doable, she told herself. Of course it was. If she had kept Prim fed, clothed and in school single-handedly for so long after… She shook her head. It was doable. She just had to be smart about it. And as tempting to her senses as it was, fresh bread was just not on the cards tonight. Cans were good, cans were cheap. The Everdeen sisters had lived off cans for long enough and even as it broke her heart to start their new life in a new town like this, Katniss knew one last lean weekend wouldn't kill them. It had better be the last one… The heavy weight of coins clinking in her pocket as she walked sent her straight back to the Dark Days. Back to junior high, back to the afternoons when she would walk into the local store with a bag of cans emptied of soda, and leave with a few precious ones filled with soup. Back to the evenings when she would make sure the ladle favoured Prim's bowl. Back to the nights when she would lay awake for hours, the sound of her mother's heart-broken sobs reaching through the thin walls. Back to the mornings when she would walk past the broken-down, old truck still sitting in the driveway, the worn flannel shirt and empty brown bag still waiting to be collected from the driver's seat. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as the memories threatened to overwhelm her. She was good at containing them, packing those days into their little box deep in her brain and shoving the lid on tight. She had invented a trick the morning of the first funeral, reciting the Latin names of plants in her head to distract herself from the gnawing ache that tore her very being in two afresh with every breath and heartbeat. Years later, the second funeral had flown by in a blur of pseudotsuga, populous and salix. After pretending to examine a display full of expensive granola bars, with primulaceae running through her head, she was back on task, searching the aisles with grim determination for the cheapest possible combination of the most nutritious food she could afford. One packet of store brand spaghetti noodles, check. Two large cans of whole peeled tomatoes, no, wait, diced were on sale today, perfect. One can of beans for protein, and a bag of marked-down, somewhat wilted lettuce leaves to round it out, with three pennies to spare. It was going to be a stretch to get eight meals out of this, but she'd done it before, and she knew Prim would never complain. At least there were only two people to feed this time. Clutching her five items tightly, Katniss began to make her way towards the self-serve checkouts. She had no desire to face the gossiping teenage cashiers right now. She had almost made it when it hit her again: the smell. Her head turned instinctively and she gazed over at the inviting bakery area. Her stomach rumbled loudly and her heart began to race. She knew that in just a few days they would be able to fit a freshly baked loaf of bread in their budget somewhere. Just not tonight, she tried to tell her exhausted body. But she hadn't eaten since the greasy fast-food breakfast on the interstate at 7am and it just smelled so damn good. Without hesitation, her feet began to move towards the shelves of baked goods. Maybe if I put back the pasta and go for a stew instead, we might be able to afford just one small loaf? As she reached the shelves, she was overwhelmed by the array of flour-dusted loaves in various shades of golden brown. She tenderly picked up a loaf of rye, still warm to the touch, adorned with a white label boasting of its 'artisanal perfection'. Her mind already calculating the numbers, she glanced down at the yellow sign displaying the price and her heart sank. $4 for a loaf of bread? She regretfully lowered the warm loaf back onto the shelf and sighed, turning to a shelf on her left. Yellow, spongey, processed Wonder Bread, a dollar a loaf, that was more her price range. As she stared at the colourful bags in disappointment, a voice rang out from behind her. "I wouldn't do that, if I were you. It's just not worth it." Katniss turned and found herself staring into the most intensely blue pair of eyes she had ever seen. They belonged to a young man wearing a flour-stained apron and a thin, white cap that appeared to be struggling to contain a head of thick, blonde curls. All of a sudden, Katniss regretted leaving her coat and scarf on; the temperature of the room had instantly raised 15 degrees. The man smiled and gestured towards the rack of artisanal loaves. "I promise you, this stuff is infinitely better. I made it myself only an hour ago. Scout's honour." He held up three fingers with a grin. It took a few moments for Katniss to find her voice. "I'm sure it is, but it's also infinitely more expensive," she mumbled, looking away from the blue-eyed baker as a familiar rush of shame engulfed her. There was a moment of silence and she glanced back to see that his face had fallen. She watched those blue eyes flicker down to her arms and settle upon her meagre items, staring at them intently. She instantly felt a scowl work its way across her face under the weight of his gaze. She knew full well what it felt like to be pitied. Pity was useless, the only purpose it served was to make the other person feel better and her feel worse. She refused to tolerate it from literally the first person she had met in this town. Her mind searched for an appropriate response to whatever clichéd phrase was about to come at her. She had heard them all. Instead, as the baker opened his mouth, the words that came out startled her. "Tell you what, you try this…" He picked up a dark brown loaf from the top shelf. "And tell me what you think. It's a new recipe I'm trying out, so we'll call it market research." Katniss stared back at him, dumbfounded. What part of 'I can't afford it' does this guy not understand? But before she could string together a coherent response, the baker had pulled a small roll of blue and white stickers from his apron pocket. He deftly peeled one off and stuck it on the loaf's label, obscuring the barcode completely. Shoving the roll back in his pocket, he held the loaf out to Katniss, his mouth quirking into a crooked smile with a hint of shyness. It was close enough for her to read the writing on the label, 'CHECK SEAL: EMPLOYEE PURCHASE'. Confused, she just stared at the loaf, then at the baker, then back to the loaf. "What?" she barked. Words were never really her strong suit. But the baker was nonplussed and his smile just grew larger. "Seriously," he insisted, holding the loaf out further, "I have no idea if this recipe is any good. You'll be my guinea pig, let me know if it's terrible. You'll be doing me a favour, really." He chuckled softly as Katniss continued to eye him warily. In her world, there was no such thing as a free loaf of bread. There was always a catch, a trick, a scam. But the man before her looked so genuine, nodding and smiling and gazing at her with those piercing blue eyes. And that smell. The air swirled with the competing scents of cinnamon and dill, but the bread in his hand looked to be a hearty loaf, packed with nuts and fruit. Prim would love it. Slowly, she reached out her hand to grasp the warm, dense loaf. "Okay," she murmured, the ghost of a genuine smile peeking at the edges of her mouth. The baker's smile seemed to grow even wider and something flickered inside her chest. As she noticed for the first time a small flower embroidered