A/N: Trigger Warning: This story is called Apostasia which is a Greek word from which we get the word apostate, which means a person who renounces a religious or political belief or principle and has connotations of disloyalty. This story is about infidelity and is rated M for a reason. But it isn't just a story about how Draco and Hermione end up together because they are cheating on their spouses for no other reason than to be bad spouses, it's about more than that, which is why I didn't give the story the title Unfaithful. It's not just about Draco and Hermione, it's about their working relationship and the relationships they have with their spouses and the fallout of their affair. If this doesn't sound like the sort of story you want to read or you have issues with the topic of infidelity, please stop reading now. This will be the only author note I write because I want to tell a story that has twists and turns not a story where you already know what's going to happen because you read the summary in the author note. That said, if you do stick around for the ride, know that I am thankful to have you on board. LJ x London September 2008 Hermione's new kitten heels clicked along the highly polished stone surface of the corridor as she made her way to the office she shared with her partner, two steaming cups of coffee in her left hand, her right wrist threaded through the handle of her soft leather briefcase. She smiled warmly at various members of the team of aurors who worked in the main office as she strode purposefully towards the door with her name plate just above that of her partners. It always gave her a sense of smug satisfaction to see her name above that of Draco Malfoy, however he was always quick to point out that the rationale for this was most likely alphabetical, not superiority. "Morning, Malfoy," she greeted, handing him his usual black Americano, taking the pastry that he offered her in return with thanks. She couldn't recall now how their morning ritual had come about but it was as much a part of her morning routine now as her 38 degree shower upon rising at six fifteen or her twenty two minute tube journey from the apartment she and her husband, Ron Weasley, owned in Tower Hill, to the hidden entrance to the Ministry, located in Covent Garden. Draco took a sip of his coffee as Hermione settled into her desk. "I wouldn't get too comfortable," he told her as she started to remove her files from her briefcase. She looked up at him, confused. "Oh?" "Briefing has been pushed forward. Potter said we should go up as soon as you got here," he informed her rising from his desk. Hermione sighed, gathering her files as Draco shrugged on his jacket, holding the door open for her. It hadn't been easy for either of them when they had first been assigned to work together, but Kingsley had insisted on Harry placing them together saying that no one else would work with an ex Death Eater and no one else would be able to put up with Draco's shit. Harry hadn't liked the idea. In fact he had given it six weeks before one of them caved and resigned. Hermione came the closest, even going so far as to fill in a transfer form, which she had then retracted immediately when she overheard Draco that same evening in The Leaky attempting to cash in on the wager he had with Blaise. Their working relationship had been tested to the absolute limits, as no doubt Astoria and Ron could attest to, having born witness to far more evenings than they cared to remember of Draco and Hermione ranting about the other. Then, six months after they had been assigned to work together, a muggle bomb had exploded in a cafe next door to The Leaky Cauldron. Hermione had been caught in the blast as it tore through the pub. Had Draco not been with her, and had he not been so adept at potions and magical healing, Hermione might not have survived. Instantly realising that she had a rare magical blood disorder, he had apparated her straight to The Manor, rather than St Mungo's, healing her wounds himself as she lay in the guest room of the south west wing, far away from the north east wing of The Manor which he had not stepped foot in since the day Hermione had been tortured on the floor of the drawing room there. Hermione had been grateful beyond words and the fate of their partnership had been sealed: From that moment on they had soared through the ranks of the Auror Division, taking over as lead investigators when Harry had been promoted to Head of the Auror Division. It was now a toss up between both of them as to who would be the next Head of Magical Law Enforcement. Draco held the door of the conference room open as Hermione followed him in, their latest case files in her hand. Sat at one end of the long mahogany table was Kingsley Shacklebolt, to his left sat Harry. In front of them papers were strewn across the conference table, several boxes that Hermione recognised as coming from the Ministry archives, open next to the papers. "Ah, my two best agents," Kingsley greeted them, smiling as he gestured for them to sit. "Sir," Draco nodded, glancing at Hermione as they settled into their seats, who gave him a look that read: " no, I have no idea why he is here either." Harry cleared his throat, pushing his glasses up his nose. "Okay, I'm going to be reassigning your cases…" he began, as he pushed two copies of a case file across the smooth surface of the table. "What? We are right in the middle…" Hermione started, unable to control the shock that was apparent in her voice. Harry held up a hand cutting her off. "Ron and Susan are going to take over the Meirer case. They had a tip come in while in Moscow last week. That Wolfsberg case?" Harry glanced at Hermione who nodded. "There might be a link." "Right, fine. So you're taking us off our case, what do you expect us to do?" Hermione hissed, her cheeks flushing. It wasn't that she didn't think her husband was a competent Auror, this was about her pride: how could her best friend reassign her case to her husband? Draco ignored the building tension, opening the file Harry had pushed across the desk. Seeing the photo on the cover page, he bit back the bile that rose in the back of his throat. "I thought this bastard was dead?" he asked, his words slicing through the tension as Hermione snapped her head around confused. "We thought so too. But intelligence suggests he may be in France," Harry explained, twisting in his seat as the projector screen flashed up an image of a man in his fifties, his long tresses and beard greying with age, sat at a bistro table outside a cafe in Paris. Several shots had been taken, the projector moving through each still like a disjointed and awkward film. The man was leaning across the table, talking to a woman whose face was hidden from view. Something about her twenties style bob felt familiar to Draco as he watched her fingers go to her lips, cigarette in hand, as she took a drag. "Shit," Hermione gasped as the woman turned slightly, enough for her to instantly recognise her. "That's Pansy." Draco glared at Harry. "Why is Parkinson meeting with that vile bastard?" he hissed, watching as Harry shrugged. "We have no idea. All we know is that we need to bring him in." "And that's why you are reassigning our case is it?" Draco challenged, anger rising in his chest. "Don't you think that presents us with a conflict of interest, Potter?" Harry matched the glare Draco shot him with one of his own. "I don't care if it does, Malfoy. That depraved bastard needs to be brought to justice and I need my best agents on this." Harry removed his glasses, sighing heavily as he pinched the bridge of his nose, deciding to change tactic. "Send Ron," Draco spat, rising from his chair, shoving it back roughly. "Malfoy, I can't send Ron," Harry snapped, his temper rising. Hermione shot Kingsley a look, silently begging him to interject. He smiled back at her, knowing it was useless to try and step into an argument between Harry and Draco. It seemed that some rivalries would never be forgotten. "You have skills for this that no one else does," Harry yelled as Draco's hand pulled down on the door handle. Draco spun around. "So you think you can manipulate me into accepting this case, Potter? That's a bit low for 'The Chosen One'," he sneered as his lip curled up menacingly. "Alright, that's enough," Hermione's voice broke through their angry words, three pairs of eyes falling on her immediately. Draco searched her eyes. "So you think this is okay, Granger? He is sending me, and I might add you, into the Wolves Den to retrieve a member of my family." He could not believe after all they had gone through she would still side with Potter over him. "I don't like it either, Malfoy, but Harry is right. You have skills we do not; you know Rabastan better than any of the rest of us." "Fuck this," Draco yelled, exasperated, storming from the conference room. Several hours later, Hermione pushed open the door to their office, two sandwiches in her hand. Draco was sat at his desk writing reports, pointedly ignoring Hermione as she placed the sandwich next to him. Hermione rolled her eyes as he grunted his thanks. "Talk to me," she said simply, as she settled into the chair opposite his desk. Draco continued to write, ignoring her as she opened her sandwich packet. Finally he chucked his pen to one side, anger in his eyes as they locked with hers. "What do you want me to say, Granger?" he asked, his voice rising with his temper. "It's typical bloody Potter and typical bloody you," he spat, shoving his chair back roughly as he stood. Hermione's eyes widened. "Me? What about me?" Draco slammed his palm down on the desk causing Hermione to jump. It had been so long since they had fought that she had forgotten how he could affect her so much. Chucking her uneaten sandwich on his desk, she rose to her feet. "You don't intimidate me any more, Malfoy, I am your partner…" she began, her cheeks flushing. Draco pointed a finger at her menacingly. "Yes, yes you are my partner," he snapped. "You should have my back in there," he gestured vaguely with his hand as he spun around to face the bookcase, hands going to his hair and tugging at his locks that had darkened slightly with age to an ash blond. "I do have your back," Hermione yelled. "When it counts, I always have your back." "Except with Potter," Draco retorted, turning to face her. Hermione let out a wry laugh. "Merlin, Malfoy, aren't you a little old for jealousy? Isn't it about time you let go…" "This isn't about fucking jealousy, Granger. Fuck, how can you not see the way he is abusing his power? He's assigned our case to a lesser agent…" Hermione raised her hand so quick that he didn't see the slap coming until he felt her palm connected with his cheek. "That's my husband you are bad mouthing," she hissed, eyes flashing with fury. Draco glared down at her as he leaned in dangerously. "Do not do that again," he warned her, his voice so low it vibrated