A/N: I hate Peter Pettigrew with a growing passion so I decided to write a Fanfiction for a world in which he doesn't exist. This will start out first year and end... I don't know but at least not until they're 21. The main idea that made me want to write this came from an awesome dream I had. Anyway, I ship both Wolfstar and Jily to a fault, you will no longer see me write a story without one of these couples. I also refuse to kill any of them off. Regulus will come into the story the second year, Wolfstar will start to generate in the third year. BTW I am still searching for a good Marauder worthy name for Regulus. He will be an Animagus fox. The best option at this moment is slytail. Other options I've thought of or have been suggested to me are fentail, pufftail, and startail. Any suggestions will be appreciated, but they have to be Marauder-worthy to win! P.S. I am awful with grammar and will be hopefully looking for a Beta writer. Be gentle when commenting, but I am looking for helpful tips. Without further ado Year One The sorting was finally over. Everyone sat at their respective tables and began to dig in the feast. James Potter sat next to Lily Evans on his left and fifth year, who had scuttled in after the sorting had finished, on his right. He looked across the table and spotted a small boy who was plagued by scars, and next to him, a boy who was looking down sullenly at his plate. He decided to try to strike up conversation with the red head beside him. "So, Lily Evans, what are you looking forward to this year?" He asked the girl, specifically using her first and last name because that was how she introduced herself earlier. Her face lit up. "I don't know, everything I think. Although I do find potions and charms particularly interesting. I can't wait to learn exactly how to use my wand. I mean I have been trying but, the only thing I've been able to do is to turn my sister's cat bright pink, and I'm pretty sure that was an accident." She explained. The boy across from her looked at her with interest. "Evans… Are you a Mudblood?" The boy pondered. The purebloods and half-bloods around him stared at the boy in shock. The boy sitting across from James with scars looked at the rude boy with a little terror in his eyes. James kicked him under the table. "Is… is that n-not the right th-thing to say?" He asked tentatively, looking towards James. James shook his head no with his eyes wide. "S-sorry" he stuttered and looked back down at his lap. "What's a mudblood? And who are you anyway?" Lily inquired. "Sirius Black." The boy answered. James sighed and rolled his eyes. "Well, that explains it. A Mudblood is a very rude word for Muggleborn. Meaning because you come from muggles you are no longer pure and have mud in your blood . But since he is from the Black family, of course, he doesn't realize that's rude. Mudblood and Half-breed insults are thrown around as if they mean nothing." James clarified. Lily looked affronted. "I think I've lost my appetite" Lily expressed, getting up and moving to sit with the other first year girls. James stared at her in surprise. He then turned back to Sirius and shrugged. "Thanks, I guess." Sirius declared. James looked at him with one brow raised. "For what?" he countered. "For defending me, I think." Sirius sighed and James scooted so that he was sitting across from him. "Can we start over? And then maybe you could teach me how not to be, rude? I guess….. I don't understand…" he paused. "How that was the wrong thing to say. Maybe I was right and I shouldn't listen to my mother." He concluded, looking down at his plate in worry. James smiled. "Sure." He started, putting forth his hand. "I'm James Potter." Sirius smiled gratefully and took the hand, with a certain gusto that was not present before. "Sirius Black. So, it looks like we will be spending a lot of time together for the next seven years." Sirius stated, retreating his hand back to his lap. James grinned Mischievously. "Yeah, we will. Hey, what do you think about pranks?" James queried. Sirius' face lifted up into a grin and his eyes lit up. "I think we might just be perfect for each other James" Sirius announced. "Alright, Girls through the door on the left, Boys to the right and don't fret to ask us any questions. we'll be glad to help." The Prefect shouted. Sirius Black, James Potter, Remus Lupin, and Kingsley Shacklebolt went off to their dormitory to get ready for bed. Remus was the quickest to get his things and hurry off to the bathroom. So, while the other boys waited for their turns, James thought it would be best to get to know his roommates better. "So, who are you?" James directed to the dark-skinned boy. "Kingsley," the boy stated, "Shacklebolt" he added as an after-thought. James nodded. "Well, I'm James Potter." He introduced. "And I'm Sirius Black. Do you know anything about the other one?" Sirius inquired. Kingsley shook his head." Do mind If I go next?" He asked. "Sure" James answered. Sirius shrugged and flopped on his bed. James rolled his eyes and then got an idea. James took a pillow from his bed and crept up to Sirius' bed, which was right beside his own. He looked at the boy and without another thought hit the brunet square on the stomach. The boy under attack jumped up surprised. "What the hell was that for?" He screamed. James doubled over laughing. "You- you sh-sh-should h-have s-s-s-seen your f-face!" James wheezed. Sirius glared at the laughing boy and then grabbed the pillow from his own bed and hit James on the head. "Oh, you're on!" James exclaimed, getting up and hitting Sirius back. By the time the lycanthrope was finished in the bathroom and came out, the dorm was covered in feathers and two boys were wrestling on his bed. Remus stood there watching them, not sure what to do. He worried his bottom lip and looked over at Kingsley for help. "Don't ask me. One minute they were having a pillow fight and the next it was an all-out wrestling match. I'm not sure they can be stopped." Kingsley informed him. Suddenly the pillow from Remus' bed was taken and the scarred boy was hit. As soon as the culprit had realized what he had done, Sirius'(said culprit) eyes widened and he jumped off James and the bed, hiding the pillow behind his back. He then pointed a finger at James. "He did it!" he accused. James glared at the brunet. "Did not!" James shouted getting up from the bed. "Did too!" Sirius countered hitting James with the pillow. Once again Remus found himself in front of two fighting boys. He started laughing. "You two are ridiculous!" Remus charged in between laughs. Sirius and James stopped. Sirius raised an eyebrow while James squinted at the boy. They turned back to each other and shared a look. "We're keeping you." They chorused. "Come on you two! We need to get going or else we'll be late for breakfast!" James exclaimed as he waltzed through the dorm at seven o'clock in the morning. Sirius perked up when he heard breakfast. "Breakfast? When?" he asked. "Breakfast, now!" James yelled in the young boy's ear. Sirius sat up in bed and cracked his neck. He swung his legs out of bed and yawned. "I'm coming, I'm coming." He decided, looking over at the bed where their new friend, Remus, lay. "Shouldn't we get him up too?" he queried. "I've been trying for the past half hour to get either of you up!" James ranted. "How long have you been up, Mate?" Sirius wondered. "Since six." James mentioned nonchalantly, "Now go get a shower and brush your teeth so we can get to breakfast before there's no more food left!" Sirius hurried to the bathroom and came out ten minutes later with a bucket of water. "Reckon that'll wake him up?" Sirius enquired with a playful glint. James grinned and went over to help Sirius pour the water on to the small boy. Remus woke up with a start. "What in the world was that for?" He screeched, panting for breath. "To wake you up." They replied in unison. Remus stared at them incredulously. "What time is it?" Remus asked. "Seven-fifteen," James replied. "In the morning?" The scarred boy probed. The two other boys nodded. Remus fell back to bed. "Breakfast doesn't end till nine you dunderheads!" he yelled, knowing the only reason any one would be up at this time of day would be for breakfast. James smiled sheepishly. "Sorry." He replied. Sirius glared at him. "You interrupted my beauty sleep for nothing!" Sirius reproached. James rolled his eyes. "Well, you're both up now so let's go get breakfast anyway." James encouraged. Remus groaned into his pillow. When Remus and Sirius were both ready they filed down to the great hall. When they got there, they sat down by Lily and a boy whose name they did not know, but he wasn't a Gryffindor. "Hello, Lily Evans. How did you sleep last night?" James asked charmingly. Lily smiled at the charming boy beside her, but her smile fell when she saw Sirius. "Fine." She stated plainly. The boy she was talking to had shiny chin-length hair that almost looked greasy. He had dark chocolate brown eyes that were so dark, they truly looked as if he had black irises. He was short, but not small built for an eleven-year-old. He looked at Sirius with disdain. When Sirius spotted the boy's Slytherin tie, he knew he would hate him for eternity. Lily saw the two Gryffindors staring behind her. She turned to look for what they were staring at. Oh! Severus! She had forgotten about the Slytherin. "Oh yes, sorry. This is Severus, Severus Snape. I knew him before we came to Hogwarts. Sev, this is James Potter, Sirius Black and… I'm sorry who are you?" she asked, now noticing Remus. He gave her a shy smile as he left his 'hiding' position behind James. "Remus, Remus Lupin. It's nice to meet you, Lily, uh, Severus, is it?" Remus inquired shyly. However he was ignored while Severus was glaring at Sirius. "So, you're the one who called Lily a Mudblood?" he queried, sneering. Sirius and James glared. "It was an accident, and He doesn't know better. Give him a break. He even apologized!" James defended. Severus squinted and leaned his head sideways. "So, you're saying that even a rabid dog shouldn't be put down, just because he doesn't know better?" Snape enquired. James scrunched up his face in fury, while Sirius glared. Remus surprisingly spoke up. "Sirius is nothing like a rabid dog. Rabid dogs have been infected with a disease that makes them act that way, Sirius was just raised in a terrible home. Besides, rabid dogs can't be trained, Sirius can." Remus fortified. "Also, rabid dogs don't show remorse. Perhaps you're the rabid dog." Remus insinuated. Snape gritted his teeth and glared. "Come on Sev, we don't have time for these imbeciles." Lily huffed as she dragged the boy away from the table. "Well we disinfected the table, now we can eat!" James declared. "Thanks for that, Remus. You seem to have a way with words." Sirius complemented, smirking at the small boy. "Thanks, but I feel terrible. I should go apologize. I'll see you later." Remus then ran off to find the pair that had left. "Why should he feel guilty ? it was Snape's fault for implying that I should be killed." Sirius wondered aloud.