Once Upon a Time Category Challenge by TrueBeliever831 Archie/Jiminy Cricket- write a Therapist!AU Ultimate Writer Challenge by CrimsonWonder Write 3 AU's of your choice Hope you enjoy this story! It's loosely based off of a wonderful story I read not so long ago :) (hopefully there aren't too many typos in this) Disclaimer: this story is a oneshot . It will not be continued. There were countless things Draco Malfoy thought he would never do. Growing up he believed with all his heart that he would never go to a therapist. Then again, at the young age of eleven he also never thought that there would be a war, and that his entire world would be turned upside down. After seeing the horrors the war brought, including seeing many of his classmates lifeless bodies cast aside like rubbish, he found himself haunted by nightmares and flashbacks. The process of admitting he needed help was long and difficult. Pretending everything was fine around family and friends was getting harder with every passing day. He not only had trouble falling asleep, but the idea of crawling into bed and subjecting himself ti the nightmares he knew would come was terrifying. Draco would lie awake for hours, fighting away his inevitable slumber. And after only a short nap he would wake up yelling, the horrifying images he had seen playing in his head. After almost a year he finally came to terms with the idea that he needed help. This decision was made easier after he'd been walking the streets and had a mid-level breakdown when some muggle children down the street had set off fireworks. Without even thinking about his actions he ran into the nearest alleyway, pulling his wand out and preparing for a fight. With every bang of the firecrackers his heart raced more and more. Later that night he figured that he had been yelling since he developed a sore throat a few hours later. He decided to go to a muggle therapist to avoid the possibility of seeing someone he knew. It took a bit of research but he managed to find someone who specialized in people experiencing trauma from war. He knew he wouldn't be able to go into as much detail as he should to properly get better, but it was a start. The name of the therapist he was supposed to be seeing was Dr. Morrison, and she worked for a small clinic several hours away. Draco had to apparate to an alleyway several blocks away and walk the rest of the journey. The day of his first session he several times considered not showing up and forgetting about the whole thing. But then he remembered the nightmares he would surely be having that night and continued his short journey. After waiting in the waiting room for a few minutes his name was called by a secretary and he was given directions to the room his session would be taking place in. He walked down the hall, passing by a few muggles who looked just as sleep deprived as he did. Draco knocked on the door with a plague that said the woman name on it and only waited a few seconds for the door to open. The face that greeted him was not the face of a stranger, as he expected. In fact he was faced with a face and a mass of curls he would never forget. The woman face seemed just as surprised as he felt. They both starred at each other, both confused and extremely surprised. She had aged slightly since he last saw her. Now she appeared as more of a woman than a young girl. And the business appropriate outfit she wore only made her look more mature. "Granger?" He asked when he finally found his words, "What the bloody hell are you doing here?" She looked down at the planner in her hand then back up to him. "Are you supposed to be Lyle Walker?" Her eyebrows knit together, trying to figure out what was going on. "Yeah, I used a fake name." He said quickly and defensively. Even though muggles would have no way of knowing who he was he still felt the need to hide his true identity. "Are you supposed to be Dr. Morrison." Hermione hesitated before answering. "Well… yes." She said slowly. "I needed a break from the wizarding world, but I still wanted to help people." The two fell silent for a few moments, both unsure of what to do. Of course Draco wanted to get help, despite the fact that it had taken awhile for him to admit so. But would he be able to tell Hermione Granger about the night terrors and anxiety he experienced on a daily basis? He didn't think he would be able to. But finding someone to have sessions with had taken so long, and he wasn't sure he wanted to wait to find someone else. The young woman cleared her throat softly and stepped to the side to leave room in the doorway. "Do you want to come in?" She asked "I'm not sure." She shrugged. "It's up to you, but you still have to pay for the hour if you leave." That was all he needed to hear to encourage him. He wasn't going to pay Hermione Granger for nothing. Draco walked past her and into the small room, with a small couch across from an armchair. She took a seat in the arm chair and held a notebook and pen in her lap. He lowered himself onto the couch slowly, looking around the room. The wall was decorated with certificates, all awarded to a Patricia Morrison. "Where did you get those?" He asked, pointing to the one nearest to him. She followed his gaze, then looked down at her notebook and jotted something down. "It's not important." "They're fakes aren't they?" Hermione looked back up at him, one eyebrow raised. "We're not here to talk about me, Draco." They were silent again for a few moments. While Draco looked at the clock, watching as the seconds ticked by at an agonizingly slow pace, she tapped her pen against her leg. Clearly neither of them had experienced an experience like the one they were in, and both had no clue how to proceed. After shifting in her chair she was the first to break the silence. "Perhaps it would help if we just pretended as if we didn't know one another." She suggested. "You can talk to me as if I'm a stranger." He shook his head, "No, that's stupid." Draco heard her sigh. A small part of him felt slightly guilty for being so harsh, but it was one of the many unhealthy ways he coped with anything negative. If he didn't shut down he lashed out. During school he didn't care much about how he spoke to people. But after the war, after so many people he'd been cruel to passed away, he realized that like was too short to be cruel. He found himself regretting never apologizing to people, and feeling guilty for his childlike behavior all those years. At the same time there he was, sat in front of someone he had tormented for years, and he couldn't bring himself to even be nice to her much less apologize. "What can I do to make this work for you, Draco?" He starred at his hands while his leg bounced up and down. Though he wasn't planning on mentioning it he noticed how she chose to use his first name rather than his last, something she'd never done during school. "I don't know." He said after a few seconds passed. "This is all very new to me." "I understand." From across the room he could feel her eyes, scanning him, reading his body language. He felt like the books she read with such ease, and had a feeling she was extracting information from him as easily from his as her beloved books. "How have things been since the war ended?" A humorless laugh escaped his lips. "Not good." "Tell me about that." He looked up at her, "My fathers in Azkaban, along with almost everyone we know. The only reason my mother isn't in Azkaban is because she helped Potter. So, basically, things are going well." She nodded slowly, resting her chin on her hand. "What have you been experiencing? Any nightmares, flashbacks, panic attacks?" "Yeah." Hermione once again jotted something down down on her notebook. "Is there any more you can tell me about that?" He shook his head. Why on earth was he opening up to Hermione Granger? He must have been even crazier than he thought he had become? A year ago if this had happened he would have marched out of there and refused to pay her. Then again he would have never considered seeking help from a muggle in the first place. But despite the part of him that was screaming to shut his mouth he found himself talking again. "I keep seeing Lavender Brown." he admitted, unable to meet Hermione's eyes. She waited to see if he was going to say any more before speaking up. "What about Lavender Brown." "The killing curse leaves the body in tact. So most of the bodies just looked petrified." Draco explained, his voice quiet. "But she was… she was torn to pieces. She was destroyed. It's not right." "You're right." He let out a long breath, his leg bouncing up and down. Draco had hardly ever talked about the war since it had ended. Not to anyone. The only thing he'd mentioned was his dad being locked away, but only when people asked about it. He found that his voice was coming gout shaky, and he felt a familiar grip twisting his stomach in knots with anxiety. "I called her a bitch in fifth year." He admitted, "I never apologized to her." "Guilt is a very mature feeling, Draco." She told him. "It shows that you've grown up enough to admit to yourself that your behavior was wrong." "But I wasn't mature enough to apologize." She shrugged, "So take the future as an opportunity to change your behavior. That way you won't have to apologize for the things you say anymore." She was right. He knew she was right, and he could himself angry at her for always being right. During his school days Draco would sometimes wondered if she was even human. It seemed impossible for a human being to be so perfect every second of every day. The rational side of his brain, a part that had become smaller and smaller as time passed, reminded him that no one was perfect but that she was just better at appearing perfect. Though he wouldn't admit it to himself he spent a great amount of time thinking about Hermione Granger in the seven years that he'd known her. "I think I've done enough talking for one day." He said abruptly. Opening up to her would be a long, and likely painful process. He didn't think he could take another forty five minutes of this. "That's fine." She said, hardly looking surprised at his announcement. Draco got to his feet and started for the door. "Should I pencil you in for next week?" She asked before he could make his escape. No, that would be a terrible idea. Talking about his unhealthy ways of coping with the war to Hermione Granger was the worst idea he'd ever heard of before. He would have been perfectly fine with walking out of the room and never seeing her again. His life would go on exactly like it had been going on for the past few months. "Yes." xXx Opening up to her was just as slow and excruciating as he imagined it to be. He had spent months determined to keep up the appearance that everything was fine. And with weekly appointments