Ultimate Writer Challenge by CrimsonWonder Write a story about a character you dislike Once Upon A Time Category Challenge by TrueBeliever831 Peter Pan- write about Tom Riddle Jr. I'm very bad at writing smutty/sexual fics but this idea just came to me. I hope I did an okay job. I have an idea for a second chapter, which I will write and upload if enough people ask. However I don't have any ideas past that so this story might only have 2 parts Disclaimer : I want to reiterate that Tom does not have any sort of emotional connection with her, despite what some parts may sound like. Psychopaths, such as Tom, do not have the capability to feel love or any sort of emotional attachment. However, I believe this is the closest he could come. Though he was never quite sure why, Tom Riddle didn't exactly mind the girls that fawned over him. But as much as it didn't bother him, he did wonder why they lost themselves and their sense of self respect when he smiled particularly wide at them. There was a sense of flattery in knowing how little pursuing it would take to acquire one of these girls. They were practically begging him. But after a few years he found himself growing tired at the lack of a challenge, like a hunter whose prey was too easy to catch. They went weak kneed at his kind words, and pink faced at compliments. And they grew jealous when his affections turned towards someone else, and tried even harder to grab his attention. These girls all but raced each other into his bed. Where was the pursuit? The hunt ? Tom had never been a fan of romances in the first place, only bothering at all to get to his endgame faster. He was just beginning to give up on the idea of finding someone who might actually be a challenge. Maybe it was for the best. He was trying to gather a following. If he wanted to be successful he needed to focus on his goals. He shouldn't be wasting his time with girls and sex like other 16 year old boys. That wouldn't do him any good in the long term. While walking to his potions class with Abraxas Malfoy, discussing what other students might be a beneficial edition to his new group, which he had recently decided to name Death Eaters. He hadn't been looking where he was going and collided with someone who also wasn't paying attention. Tom looked up just in time to see a girl whose books had just fallen to the group. Icy grey eyes, narrowed in anger, met dark brown ones. The girl bent down to collect her things. "I'm so sorry." He said, crouching down to pick up a few of the books that had fallen. "Let me help you. "I think you've done enough." She snapped back, snatching the only book he'd managed to pick up out of his hands. "I've got it covered." He watched as she scrambled to get all her books in a timely manner. She certainly was a sight for sore eyes. Her hair was dark and curly, falling in her face while her gaze was on the ground. Across her face freckles were scattered like stars forming constellations across her cheeks. And when she stood back up he got a better view of her figure. She was on the shorter side, the top of her head hardly even reaching his chin. Her hips had the perfect curb, and thanks to the skirt she wore high on her waist, it didn't take much imagination to picture her legs. For a moment he found himself distracted. But as quickly as he'd lost his composure he regained it. "I really am sorry." He told her, "Let me make it up to you." "I think I'll pass." She said, her nose scrunching up slightly as if the idea disgusted her. "But thank you for the valid excuse for being late to charms." Just as quickly as she had stumbled into his life she walked away, weaving in between students to get to her class. He knew in that moment that he had to have her, and the fact that she had brushed him off so easily only made him want her more. He couldn't remember ever being preoccupied in class because of a girl. But in potions class, the class he was headed to when they had collided, he made two mistakes on his brew. After asking around a bit he learned a few things about her. The girls name was Kathleen Morrison. She was a seventh year Gryffindor, with a personality as fiery as the red on her robes. The information he was able to gather on her was limited since he'd only asked his fellow Slytherin's, who hardly ever paid any mind to the Gryffindor students. He considered asking someone from her house, but word that he was asking around about her could have easily gotten back to her, and Tom had a feeling he had to tread carefully when it came to Kathleen. Since she was in a different house and year it wasn't often that their paths crossed. So when he heard of a party being thrown in the Gryffindor tower he couldn't pass up the opportunity to have a chance to run into her. He hoped hat the combination of the party atmosphere and alcohol in her system would make her a bit more friendly than their last meeting. Then again, it was her disinterest in him that drew him to her in the first place. Sure enough she was at the party. She wore a blouse, with her sleeves rolled up and the top 3 buttons undone, tucked into a skirt. The red lipstick she wore, plus the heels that made her bare legs look even longer, were a deadly combination. Plus her hair, which was no longer confined to a pony tail, flew wildly around her head like the mane of a lion. She was a beautiful specimen and he wondered how he had missed her for 6 years. He decided to wait a little while before he approached her. The last thing he wanted was to seem as eager as the girls who so pointlessly pursued him. But like a predator waiting for the right moment to attack, he watched her every move. She was a social butterfly, having smiles for almost everyone who approached her. He wondered if he'd caught her on a bad day, and that maybe she wasn't always so short tempered. A part of him hoped that he was wrong, and that she would still be contempt towards him. It would make the chase even more exciting. Before he could get the chance to approach her she was by his side as they both got another drink. "Well, look who it is." She said before bringing the cup she had just acquired to her lips. "I don't believe I've ever seen you at a Gryffindor party before." "I've decided to try something new." He told her, getting a cup of his own. "It's good to see you again." Her smile was slightly strained and she couldn't hold his gaze for more than a few seconds, her eyes looking back at the party. "I'm sure it is." So she was just a feisty as he thought she was. Finally, a challenge. Though he did wonder why she was so immune to his charm, unlike the rest of her sex. What about her was different. "I'm sorry we met on such bad terms before. We never got to properly introduce ourselves." He held out his hand for her to shake. "I'm Tom Riddle." Her grey eyes looked up at him over the top of her cup. "I know who you are." She said simply "Is that a good or a bad thing?" He asked, putting on the most charming smile he could muster up. "Depends on who I'm getting my information from." She said, starring at his hand for a few more moments before she reluctantly took it in her own. "Forgive my curiosity," he said when she took her hand back, "but may I ask what information about me you have gotten?" Kathleen hesitated to answer his question, biting on her bottom lip gently. "Well," she began, "I've heard that you're a bed hopper and a womanizer, and that you don't actually care about the girls you date." Her answer was surprising. Though she was right Tom tried very hard to make sure the girls he dated didn't realize how little he truly did care about her. If too many girls heard what she had he would have more trouble getting girls than he may want. "Well maybe you've been getting your information from the wrong people." She shrugged. "Maybe I'm just getting my information from people who aren't biased." "How about you inform your own opinion of me instead of blindly listening to others?" He suggested. Tom wondered if she'd asked about him as he had for her. Though it was more likely that she had just hard about him through the grapevine. "I don't know." She said, taking a sip from her cup. "Would that be a waste of my time?" He laughed quietly, "I can assure you it wouldn't be." Kathleen put her hand on his arm and gave him a fleeting smile, one that was almost genuine. "I'll see you around, Tom." She walked away before he could say another word, once again immersing herself into the party. Kathleen headed straight for a small group of girls, who he assumed were some of her friends. As she talked to them he noticed a few of the girls peeking at him over her shoulder. Tom hoped that he was right in thinking that she had told her friends about their conversation. And he hoped that what she said wasn't as unkind as what others had told her. xXx There weren't many opportunities for the two to see each other, but Tom was as determined as ever. Once in awhile he would catch a glimpse of her in the halls, or spot her in the stands at a Quidditch came. Every time he saw her he became even more sure that he had to have her. She was like a rare work of art, one he had somehow missed for six years. Her eyes were enticing, her pouty lips tempting him every time he laid eyes on her. Tom was beginning to become antsy with anticipation for the moment when he could finally have her. As they usually did, Slytherin house threw a party after the win of a Quidditch game. It wasn't uncommon knowledge that not many students from other houses attended their parties, only a handful daring to take the trip down to the dungeon. Tom considered skipping this party, like he did with most of the others thrown down in the common room. He didn't care much about Quidditch and he had homework to work on. Though maybe he could bring a drink or two up to his room to have once he finished his assignments. So he headed down to the common room, where music and loud chatter bounced off the walls. The lack of light in the Slytherin common room gave their parties a different feel than those thrown by the rest of the school. Though he wasn't much of a party person he much preferred the ones thrown by his own house. He went down to the common room, grabbing a cup and deciding to stay for just a little while. Tom circled the room, watching students around him drunkenly joking and dancing around. He spotted her just as she came into the common room, dressed in a blouse tucked into form fitting jeans. Her figure was even easier to see than in her uniform. The curve of