Chapter 1. Tomahawks And Other Thoughts I drove myself to the airport with the windows up and the heater on. Hell, excuse me, I meant Arizona, had dropped to a glacial 75 degrees and I was responding with my only available power. Air Conditioning. I had a jacket on the seat next to me shoved into my carry on backpack but I didn't want to wear it until I had to. It would have clashed horribly with my cute summery top anyways. It was a white ¾ sleeve t-shirt that had a super cute, glittery watermelon on it next to a glass of lemonade with the caption under it reading "Chill. It's summer." #Fabulous. Anyways my mother would have been here to drive me to the airport but we can never agree on what music to play, or whether the windows should be up or down, or how far I was over the speed limit, or if my hair was okay, and also if I should be driving or if she should be driving. I am seventeen years old. I am the most responsible seventeen year old I have ever met and if I had the means I would have gifted myself an Audi Cooper a long time ago for good behavior. The plan was that while my mom went on a lunch date with the ex NFL football player which afterwards they were going to come get the car. That way I would have some chill time without my mom before I got on my flight and played Native American relaxation music while I tried to fall asleep on the plane. Another thing my mom and I can't agree on, which I thought about as I saw a Camaro roaring down the freeway just past me, is if she should marry a 6 foot tall black guy with tattoos all the way up and down his arms, whose name was Jerome but he went by JJ. He owned two Camaros and they purred like panthers, just like the car that passed me. My fingers beat a taboo on the steering wheel as I signaled to switch lanes, looking back. I mean, we both know he's a good guy but she's worried it would be awkward for me. How can it be? I'm half Navajo because of her. I have lighter skin than most but I like it, it's kind of a tan brown and it's actually super pretty. Because of some strange genetic disconnect my hair is also a dark black with red undertones that bleaches red brown in the summer from tennis- it's also curly. I have gorgeous brown eyes, and I look very Navajo. I rarely pass for Hispanic and that is fine by me. Being half white is my worst curse. I've never been hated on for being half Navajo, but at my old high school it was for being half white. I'm glad she's dating a huge black guy, so when people come up to me and say "Who's your daddy?" I can show them a picture of JJ and say "Do I need to make a call or are you gonna be nice? That's what I thought." No really, I'm a very happy person. Considering I come from a broken home and have serious issues with accepting my white half I'm doing great. My mom left the reservation and a very poor family by getting some scholarship for being Navajo and working her butt off to get into a college somewhere in Washington. Then somehow she met Charlie, a white man aiming to be a police officer. They fell in love. They got married when she was very young and both had just barely graduated. Charlie got a job in Forks, Washington, and they moved there. Then sometime after I was born, something went drastically wrong. I guess my mom, who has always lived in Arizona heat and was born with what my grandmother calls "the spirit of a Navajo" makes her nomadic by birth, she can't just stay in one building, in one place, and live there too long. She hates the caged feeling it gives her not being able to get out and travel. To her, being free means you can drop everything and move again. So therefore I've lived on the rez and off the rez until she finally made a deal to settle off the rez for four years so I could go to a better high school away from some of the crazy in rez high schools. That went well. I got good grades, ran track, played tennis, and was happy with my life. And actually mom has been stable. She seems to have finally found her place and she likes JJ, having her own house, and having a stable job and a stable daughter. But lately my mom and I have been talking about college and that's what led to my leaving for Charlie's for my junior year. We needed time away from each other. Probably because even though my mom and I are opposite personalities I share the same tendency towards wandering. I can't stay inside my house. I can sleep there. I can do my homework. And then I have to get out. It has become absolutely intolerable for me to stay in the house alone with my mother because we start to fight. Never before has it been this bad but finally I called up my father who I hadn't seen since I was fourteen and said I was coming to live with him junior year. That was a rather spectacular fight and a rather dramatic end to the battle. I arrived at the airport early and had all my baggage ready to go, aka one backpack, and one suitcase. I skimp on everything but makeup and sports equipment. Unfortunately I had no idea what kind of sports equipment would even work for me in Washington. Were there even tennis courts up there? I'd heard it was a small town but I hadn't felt comfortable calling Charlie to arrange what I would bring, a separation of three years will do that to you, so mom was to send me my sports stuff as situation required. Running I would still have. I was not giving that up. My best hope was that there would be trails to run in Forks. Also it wouldn't be so hot that I'd have to carry a gallon of water in a camelback so I wouldn't get heatstroke out there. So there were some pros. My phone rang as the plane was about to take off. Mom was freaking out about my leaving some item or other. I told her it was fine, not to panic, and told her to tell JJ I said hi. Then I hung up as she was saying something else about did I leave the stove on. The answer was no. When I fry up some Mexican food right before heading to a place where I was sure they wouldn't have it, I do not burn the house down on my way out. I may have considered it, but I didn't. Yes. I did consider it. And yes I also turned the burner off. Airplane mode on the phone to protect the innocent. The four hour flight to Seattle and then another layover flight to Port Angeles, and then came my driving to Charlie's house with him. He met me outside the airport. I ignored his outstretched arms and said "Hey dad." He understood the no physical contact rule and was reminded of it by the look on my face, so he immediately dropped his arms. It was the side effect of some summer or other when I was younger where he wanted to give me a hug and I said no. I said no because earlier that school year some guy had come up behind me and basically attacked me, despite my nearly taking his face off with a right hook as well as some other things, I was still not a very touchy person. There is nothing like having someone try and violate you that will teach you exactly what a physical gesture truly means to another person. So I didn't like to be touched. Still working on that. "How have you been, Bella?" He called me Bella because that's my American name which is like my middle name. My grandmother either calls me granddaughter or child but I preferred Haseya. On the rez people called me daughter or sister most of the time. It wasn't like they didn't know my name, I guess most of the old folk had a lot of things about the English language they wanted to forget. I speak Navajo but only because of my grandmother. She insisted on it. My mother was hardly supportive because she grew up in one of those schools where they were punished for speaking the Navajo tongue and she has always been one to turn her back on the ways of the ancestors. She wouldn't allow me to have my womanhood ceremony and she avoided most cultural events. She was so on and off about it. Sometimes she'd be like "Embrace your heritage" and other times it was "We need to get off this rez. I can't live like this anymore." Not conflicted at all. "Dad," I said "Can you please use my Navajo name? I haven't been Bella in years." He shrugged "OK, whatever you want." We got my bags into his police cruiser with no problem. I checked my phone to see what my friends were all up to. I was scheduled to skype with them and some government offshoot had bought me a nice laptop for school this year, so I could have ignored Charlie for an hour or so. "So why the change?" Charlie asked "I thought you liked the name Bella?" I liked the name Bella until I got caught behind the school by a bunch of Hispanics who razzed me about it. I don't know why they even cared because it was none of their business, but they were happy to do stupid impressions of white people speaking Spanish and getting spray tans, as well as some other less savory things. After that day I wasn't Bella anymore. I was Haseya. "Not really." I said "My grandmother told me a name was an important part of reconnecting with my heritage." Yeah. That heritage. Whatever that means, I'm connecting with it. "Well. I was going to wait until we got back to the house." Charlie said "But I, uh, I bought you a car." "A car?" I asked, tilting my head. "Yeah, you remember the Blacks?" "Blacks?" I asked, trying to work out who he was referring to. "Billy Black and his two daughters, Rachel and Rebecca? And then his son Jacob?" "Oh, them!" I said happily. I remembered them all right. We used to go play all the time. Actually, correction, Jacob and I used to go play all the time in the woods. The girls usually wanted to play dolls. I usually wanted to go looking for wolves and bears. Yep. I was the dang cutest child. Still am. "So what do they have to do with a new car?" I asked "I bought it off Billy, it's a pretty old car but it runs great." Charlie. "Thanks, dad." I said. I would have asked more but I was tired. I was placating him by calling him dad. In my head he was Charlie due to lack of filial feelings but he preferred to be called dad for some reason. I often placate people, I'm extremely good at it. Charming, funny, charismatic. I have everything a girl could ask for except for the Bahamas and a boyfriend. I also occasionally get zits but that's life. "You're welcome." He said. And then he was quiet for the rest of the ride. When we got to my secondary