-x- Song of a Caged Bird … I. They say he's born from a Career district. They are forbidden to say it aloud, so no one mentions it, but hushed whispers travel throughout District 12, and when the lights wink out parents turn to their children behind closed doors and holds them close, and warns them to stay far. Nobody seems to know how he managed to arrive unknown into their midst, but everyone is wise enough to hold their tongues and keep a wide berth around the enemy. II. She's still too young to understand at the moment, and Prim is still a gurgling toddler tottering around the house on unsteady footsteps – unknown and unfearful of the caliginous, shadowy world outside the grimy windows. So naturally their father forgoes the truth and fashions a simple lie to placate Katniss' burning curiousity – he's a boy with nowhere to go, and the Peacekeepers will hurt him if they discover he doesn't have an identity, so he's going to live with them under a low profile for the time being. Be nice to him, he says, and he hopes they'll become friends. Katniss is only nine at the moment, but despite the adults' belief she's not as naïve as they regard her to be. Sometimes her gaze peeks from beneath her mother's shielded arms, and however they try to cover her ears they can't block out the screams when the Peacemakers decide to make an example of rebel leaders. Living in a district battling famine and poverty she's learnt to read expressions from a young age. She knows to fall silent when the adults' faces are hard and emotions are ensconced in an unknown recess of their hearts. She knows to obey without hesitation when she hears the silent urgency in her father's tone. She knows to feign ignorance if only to relieve the anxious looks darted in her direction. She knows how to pretend. This time Katniss wants to protest, she wants to demand to know more and reveal the truth shrouded in the dark, but once more she recognizes the desperate plea in her father's voice that forces her to comply. And so she does, but with a stinging bitterness coupled with curiousity when the new family addition arrives at their threshold in the dead of the night. His name is Cato. He is older than her by a few years, but Katniss can tell he is considered rather tall for his age. He's isn't lanky or thin as other boys his age in the District often are, but a lean wiry figure. The rumours that he had been training to be Career has reached her ears, but even though she keeps it to herself she can't help but wonder at her father's short-sightedness; there is no disguising the fact that Cato is no peasant from the Seam. They are written in the firm set of his jaw, his cheekbones, his build; the way he carries himself with an aristocratic haughtiness that no one will associate with their district. His silver blonde hair stands out in the crowd, and he has a shock of brilliant blue eyes no one else does. Katniss tries to give him a chance like her father insists she should, but a sweep of his cold keen eyes and an expression of barely concealed disdain flits across Cato's features the moment he steps foot into their household. Katniss' heart burns with a quiet anger and her instant dislike towards him only spikes when her mother pushes her from beneath the shadows and plants her right before him, as if she's expected to welcome him into the Everdeen's house like he's some sort of distinguished guest. "Meet my eldest daughter, Katniss" her father says with a fixed smile. His tone is almost placating, and Katniss is for once disappointed in her father whom taught her to grow up with a strong sense of right and wrong, and encouraged her to fight bravely but wisely for everything that was worth. A tense frigid silence falls over the room when Katniss only glares back with defiant eyes. Her stubborn unyielding grey ones clash with piercing azure, as if she's attempting to stare down the elder boy even if he's almost a foot taller. Neither of them says a word until the quietness is punctuated by Prim waddling out from the gloom, eyes blurry from sleep. Her little sister remains innocent and sheltered from the outside world, so it's no surprise that she takes one look at the tall strong boy whose features are thrown into sharp definition standing under the low-lit lamp and takes an instant liking to him. She doesn't know what it means to be a Career, the things he's training to do and become. She does not understand the cruelty of the Capitol and the savage inhumanity of the Hunger Games. Prim stumbles over the last few steps towards Cato whose icy gaze is fixed unwaveringly on Katniss'. Behind them there's a slight rustle of movement when her mother secretly reaches for her youngest daughter, afraid, only for her husband's disapproving gaze to freeze her in motion. Prim side-steps the adults easily and sneaks past Katniss. It's comical that she's the smallest and most fragile out of all of them, yet she is the only one unwary and blissfully oblivious of the imminent threat Cato posed. It's not until she gently tugs on Cato's hand which is balled into a tight fist that he breaks gaze with Katniss and looks down. Prim's head barely reaches his thighs. "I'm Prim" the young child chirps at him with the brilliant smile she always wears. Cato makes no move, but under the light something behind his eyes changes, and when he looks down there's a softer edge to him somehow. "Cato" he says shortly, to no one in general. Prim isn't discomfited and she isn't afraid. She's already craning her neck to look up at him as if he's her favorite long-lost brother and Katniss has a feeling that Prim will soon be asking Cato for piggyback rides. Something clenches at her heart and Katniss reaches out to pull back her younger sister, disregarding her father's hope for putting up a friendly and hospitable reception. Immediately something in Cato's expression shutters and he's as cold and unapproachable as he's always been. There's the faintest brush of uncomfortableness when she catches that look, but Katniss pretends not to notice and averts her gaze. Inadvertently she catches her father looking at them in unfathomable sadness and her mother standing rigidly in the background, her nails digging marks into her palm. Katniss flashes Cato a look filled with pure animosity before turning on her heel. "Night Dad, Mum" she says in clipped tones. She steers Prim back towards the small cramped room they share and snaps shut the door. Any louder it would be considered a slam. She's furious; both at Cato and also at her parents. They barely had enough to get by each day, with her occasionally skipping breakfast with flippant excuses just to ensure Prim was well-fed; what were they thinking of bringing a Career boy to their district, much less under their roof? It's clear that Cato is disgusted at what he sees, scoffing internally at the best they can offer with no idea how much sacrifices they were paying just to feed an ungrateful mouth. She doesn't even know the reason why , but she's supposed to keep it all a secret. Involuntarily her eyes burn at the injustice, but she swipes at her face angrily before Prim notices. She looks down and catches her sister's wide eyes, and she isn't sure whether she feels better or worse at her sister's clueless innocence. She decides on the former and leads Prim back to the bed with a tight smile. When she's tucking the thin covers over Prim's slight frame however her sister voices out her fears: "Is he goin' to stay with us forever? He's our brother?" Prim murmurs sleepily. Katniss frowns, a worried slash between her eyebrows. "I don't know" she replies Prim truthfully, "but no, Prim he's definitely not our brother." There's a slight vehemence in her tone when she enunciates the last word, and she's pretty certain that Prim is confused by the inflection that skips over the word 'not'. But Katniss has had enough pretending for the day and she doesn't try to explain. She crawls under the covers and turns her back towards Prim so that her sister can't see her over-bright eyes. … III They attend school together the next day. There is no clear distinction between students of different ages, only that of relative age group, so Katniss is forced in between Cato and Prim as they head towards the institution. Frankly she finds it a waste of time, especially when she realizes that today there will be another long-winded blather of Panem's glorious history. Prim however doesn't mind, she skips along to keep up with Katniss' strides and says nothing. Sometimes Katniss catches a soft melody hummed under her sister's breath. Katniss isn't surprised. Prim is popular both among her age mates and beyond; to Prim, school is fun. Her sister is cheery, loving, kind – everything she's not. She doesn't resent Prim for that though; quite on the contrary she loves her sister all the more for it. Then, in a completely opposite element, to her right Cato stalks silently like a creature of doom. His footsteps are light and agile but his eyes are always calculating. He is always on edge, always assessing as they walk down the streets, as if he's memorizing the landscape to discover an escape route out of the poor district. He's wearing a large jacket with a hood covering most of his features, but aside from that Katniss fails to find anything else about him that is inconspicuous. Everyone knows everyone in the Seam and Cato is much too tall to pass for anyone else. Her heart gives a slight flip whenever they walk past a Peacekeeper, as if she's expecting them to be apprehended and whipped on the spot. And every time that happens, she can't help but resent her father's orders for her to bring Cato wherever she goes. She knows she's expected to discreetly show him around the District, but Katniss has no inclination of doing anything of that sort. Anything they have is pitifully meager compared to Career districts and will doubtlessly be scorned upon anyway. The streets are filled with worn out coal miners straggling to work in the early morning. Katniss leads them past the main gate where Peacekeepers are standing guard with shiny silver pistols peeking out menacingly from their holsters. She scurries some way upfront until they reach a low ledge separating the Seam and the merchant's section. It's a short-cut to their school. Keeping a discreet eye out for any watching Peacekeepers, Katniss beckons them over silently. It occurs to her that it's a bad idea to bring Cato via their secret route on his first day in the Seam, but it's an ingrained habit in which she had overlooked at the time. She supposes it's innocent enough – they aren't so much as explicitly forbidden to cross the fence as much as they are merely expected to enter through the front gate, she reasons to herself. But that doesn't mean she's lowering down her guard. She swings herself easily over the ledge in a fluid action and reaches back for Prim. It's always been that way. But when she turns around there's something in Cato's expression: hardened and tense, as if he can too taste the suspicion and lurking danger of being discovered. The expression unnerves her; it reminds her of the adults' faces when there's a public flogging of a rebel. She swallows, but before she can so much as chance another look at the Peacekeepers standing at the