A/N: Yeah I know the summary was kind of bad this time but whatever. The story is M because things get a little steamy especially in this chapter. I'm terrible with smut, but let's be real, they're newlyweds so they're gonna have sex. In the summary it says unexpected pregnancy and we all know how a baby is made… sex so come prepared I'll try and leave a warning at the beginning, but since this is M I don't think anyone will get terribly offended This idea started as a one shot for my Tales of the Sea collection but I thought it needed a bit more. Shout out to court1234 who requested the prompt. Chapter One. Love suffers long and is kind. It is not proud. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, and endures all things. Love never fails… Now these three things remain: faith, hope, and love. But the greatest of these is love The wedding ceremony is small Annie and Finnick only wanted people who have touched their hearts to be there. Which meant both their parents, Annie's best friend Johanna, Finnick's best friend Peeta, Annie's sister Ella, and of course the person who introduced them Katniss. "I Annie Cresta take you Finnick Odair in sickness and in health, for richer and poorer, and I promise to love and cherish you each day." "I Finnick Odair take you Annie Cresta as my wife from this day forth. Together or apart we will always be united. One life. One purpose. One density." "You may kiss the bride." The minister says and Annie and Finnick kiss. The ceremony is fast and the party even quicker Finnick and Annie have a short honeymoon planned for four days. Annie's grandparents own a rental house in North Carolina and said they could have it for their honeymoon. It was free of course, more of a wedding present, neither of them could really afford to leave the country and plane tickets for Hawaii were expensive. They talked about Alaska briefly because Annie has always wanted to see those northern lights. Finnick made her a promise that one day they would go to see them. "Let's go." Annie says with a giggle as Finnick gets in the car. Annie is still wearing her dress but took her hair down. Finnick wore khakis and a white shirt for the ceremony because it was a beach wedding. "Are you sure you don't want to change babe?" Finnick asks because the house is almost two hours away. "No, I want to keep it on." Annie says as Finnick starts the car. "Why, because you only get to wear it for one day?" Finnick asks. "No, well maybe but that's not why." Annie says. "Then what is the reason?" Finnick asks. "Because you only get to take it off me once." Annie says. "You could always bring it out of the closet." Finnick says and Annie rolls her eyes. "But I wouldn't have the same high I do now." Annie says with a smile. "Ah yes I feel it too." Finnick says. They're both on a high from the wedding and knowing they are husband and wife. They arrive to the house easily and make small discussions on the way, but it is more of Annie staring at Finnick and Finnick trying to focus on the road so he won't pull over and take her right there. "Here we are." Annie says and gets out of the car she put her heels back on because she didn't want her feet to get all dirty. "Yes, here we are." Finnick says and turns off the light to the car and gets out to see Annie in her dress with the sea breeze blowing her hair perfectly. "Pretty." Annie says looking out at the ocean. "Not as pretty as you." Finnick says and wraps his arms around her waist and she leans back against his chest. He kisses the top of her head and makes a face because it tastes like hair spray. Annie didn't see him because she is facing forward still looking at the beach. Finnick kisses the spot behind her ear and then down to the slope of her neck. His hands move from her waist and are resting right under her chest. Annie smiles and turns so she is facing him. "Are you going to grope me right out here?" Annie smiles and kisses him softly. "If you'll allow it." Finnick says and kisses Annie again. He pulls her close and puts his hands on her back. He goes to her neck again. "I- I won't." Annie says and closes her eyes liking the way Finnick is kissing her. She can feel his hands move more and more aggressively up and down her back. She thinks he is looking for the zipper. "Finnick hold on." Annie says when he's found it. "Yes." Finnick says disappointed. "We need to unpack the car." Annie says. She always has a checklist of things that need to be done. She likes getting them done in that order. After the stuff from the car is gone she wouldn't care if they locked themselves in the bedroom the whole time they were here. Finnick goes back and kisses her again and Annie doesn't fight hard to stop him. Her hands find their way into his hair. Finnick grabs the small of her back and pulls her in close so they are as close as possible. "Who cares." Finnick says. "Your wife does." Annie says and is a little out of breath. "Ah my wife." Finnick says with a smile. He picks her up and takes her to the front door in the cheesy over the threshold way. He sets her down when they are outside the front door. Finnick still has the keys in his pocket so they can't just burst in and start feverishly going at it. Finnick pulls her close and kisses her long and slow. It's like he's dropping her off after a first date. A really good first date that only makes the person want more than a nice long kiss. When he breaks away she is looking deeply into his green eyes. He knows that look they won't be unpacking the car tonight. "Still want to unpack the car?" Finnick asks with a smile. "I… no" Annie says and gives him a peck on the lips. "I thought not." Finnick says and takes the keys from his pocket. He opens the door and grabs Annie's hand and head into the house. The air conditioner has been blasting the whole time so the house is slightly cold but neither of them seem to notice. They didn't even bother to turn on the lights even though they aren't familiar with the settings. They are kissing feverishly and bump into things along the to the bedroom. Annie breaks the kiss. "You don't even know where you're going and yet you're dragging me." Annie says with a smile because he's never been here before. Annie has been once, but doesn't really remember it so kissing around in the dark isn't helpful. "I have a keen eye for these things Annie." Finnick says and twirls her around. "Finding a bedroom how keen." Annie says sarcastically. There are three bedrooms but only one has a queen bed and they are both too old to be going at it in a twin. "Found it." Finnick says and goes back to kissing her. Finnick grabs her waist and places her at the chest at the end of the bed. Finnick sees the bedside lamp and turns it on. He wants to see his new bride, he wants to see all of her. "Because it was soooo hard." Annie says with a smile and starts to unbutton his white shirt. "Not so fast Annie." Finnick says and takes her hand away. "Why, you afraid you're going to lose it already." Annie says with a smirk. Finnick rolls his eyes. "Of course not I just want to make this special for you." Finnick says. "What like rose petals or something?" Annie says and kisses Finnick gently. She doesn't want him to keep talking. She just wants his lips on hers, she just wants to feel all of him. "No you hate that stuff." Finnick says and Annie nods. Finnick takes off her white heels and pushes the skirt up. Her dress isn't very fancy some would call it plain. It has spaghetti straps and a sweetheart neckline while the bottom flows like the waves. "This chest isn't comfortable Finnick." Annie complains. "Then get on the bed." Finnick says with a sultry smile. Annie moves back further so she is resting on the bed. Her dress rode up some so he can see her underwear. "These are going off." Finnick says and Annie lifts her hips so he can take her underwear off easily. Finnick gets on the bed and sits next to her and they continue to make out like kids in high school. Although Annie is done with kisses she wants someone more. She wants him everywhere. "Finnick I need you." Annie says. "Begging already." He says and kisses her neck. Annie runs her hands up and down his bare chest. He got rid of the shirt before he got in bed. "Can you take off your pants at least?" Annie says. "Fine but the boxers stay on." Finnick says. "Just take them off." Annie says and Finnick smirks. Annie reaches out for him but once again he stops her. "What point of me making this special for you don't you get." Finnick says. "Being a tease isn't special Finnick." Annie pouts. "Cry me a river babe." Finnick says with a smile. "Take my dress off." Annie says. She wanted to keep it on for some part but even in the freezing air conditioned house it feels too hot for her. Finnick finds the zipper and Annie stands up letting it fall to the floor. "Come here." Finnick says and takes her hand and pulls her back in bed. "You're beautiful." Finnick says and runs his hands up and down from her stomach to her chest. He stops briefly to caress her breasts. "Feels good." Annie says wanting him more. Finnick pushes her down so she is lying on her back and starts to kiss her but doesn't take his hand away from her breast he starts tugging and flicking one of her round pink nipples. Annie moans softly. He kisses her cheeks, jaw, a spot behind her ear, and trails kisses from her neck to her collar bone. "Finnick." Annie says softly. Annie groans when he starts kissing the underside of her breast. He kisses all along her breasts before settling on the nipple. He tugs with his teeth and licks and sucks like a baby. Annie moans softly again and puts her hand in his hair wanting him to stay but he doesn't. Annie knew he wouldn't, but he keeps one hand on her breast teasing the nipple. When he kisses down her stomach she giggles slightly. She always does which Finnick likes he avoids her belly button because Finnick knows Annie hates being kissed there. He kisses each hip bone and sucks slightly leaving a mark that might still be there tomorrow. He rubs her inner thighs and kisses back up to her lips. "Tell me what you want." He whispers in her ear as his hands move closer to the place she wants to be touched most. "Touch me." Annie says and sighs when she feels his hands at her pubic bone. Annie breathes in and out deeply when he pets her. "But faster." Annie whispers. "You like that?" Finnick asks and moves his hands up and down and into her folds. "You must because you're wet." He says and dips his finger into her for a second. "Like that." She whispers. Although she does want to be