A/N: This is continuation of the one shot Last Night featured in my Tales from the Sea one shot collection. You don't need to read it but feel free if you wish. Beautiful Disaster Chapter One I let out a loud yawn while I'm studying on the couch. I stayed out relativity late last night. I slept over at my boyfriend's apartment. I've been dating my boyfriend, Finnick, for a little over a year. We met in our Shakespearean English class my sophomore year of college. My major is English but Finnick's is Marine Biology. He took the class as an elective. The class room was small and mostly girls. Finnick would always sit close to me. I think because he wanted my help proofreading his papers so I was happy to oblige. He helped me with biology in return because I'm terrible with science. I wouldn't say it was love at first sight but I did always like his smile and how he worried about where I lived. I found it as annoying then as I do now but I understand his reasoning. I live in a rather… interesting area. I wouldn't say I live in a dangerous neighborhood but I wouldn't walk around alone at night. I may have a cute little can of mace on my keychain and two locks and two dead bolts on my door but I think I'm alright. Besides, if you don't bother the obvious drug dealers or criminals they don't care either... usually. My place is close to campus. Almost as close as my boyfriend's but, he lives in a slightly better area. I probably could live in that area but there aren't really any single bedroom apartments in that area. Which is what I want. I want to live alone. I don't have a problem with people but when I lived in my dorm my roommate was crazy. She would come home drunk and throw up everywhere (mostly on my things) and bring guys over. I wouldn't have minded her bringing guys over if we didn't live in the same room. I just wish she had the decency to not have sex with someone while I was in the room. I don't have to deal with that living alone or embarrassing situations like the one that occurred the other night at my boyfriends. Let's just say when you live alone you don't really need to worry about someone walking in on you while having sex. I can still feel my cheeks flaming from the embarrassment of seeing his roommate the next morning. Ding. Ding. I hear my phone go off. I pick it up and see Finnick has texted me. Finnick : You want to do anything later? Me: Maybe. I'm a little busy though… I need to finish my paper for English lit . Ding. Ding I hear again. Finnick: How long does it have to be? Me :Seven pages. I have four down already. Finnick: This is why I don't understand why you're an English major. I roll my eyes. Me : I like it. Although the subject we are dealing with is blah right now. Finnick: ;) You gonna work on the paper all day then? Me : No… but I have a tutoring session later. I work at the school tutoring center. It is easy enough. I like working there because I get paid ten dollars an hour. Finnick: Who are you tutoring? Me : Finnick you know that's confidential. We aren't supposed to tell people who we are tutoring for confidential reasons. Although I don't think anyone would care. Finnick: It's not like I'll tell. ;) Me :*rolls eyes* Yes you would. Finnick: Fine. Just Peeta. Peeta is Finnick's roommate. They have known each other awhile. I like Peeta. He's nice and easy going. I roll my eyes. Finnick : Can I ask you something Annie? He asks. Me : What? I ask intrigued. Finnick: *clears throat* I know you're busy but can you uh... proofread my bio paper? Me: Is this why you wanted to date me? So I could help you with your homework? Finnick : *Rolls eyes* No. Me: Well I couldn't help you anyways. I don't understand biology as much as you. Finnick : You don't need to, just check for grammar mistakes. I sigh. Finnick : Pleeeeeeeease Me : I'll see what I can do. Finnick: Thank you! I love you! I roll my eyes. Finnick: So you just gonna do homework then? Me: I might go see Johanna but… pretty much. Finnick: Peeta and I are going to a party tonight. You interested? Me: Nah I just want to have a quiet night at home. Finnick: Okay. Enjoy your not at home :P Me: Will do. Finnick: I love you. Me : Love you too and remember what I said about the barfing. Finnick: Will do as well. ;). I smile. I start to work on my paper until I see it is noon. I have to tutor at one. I stand up and stretch. I need to shower. I take a quick shower. I put my hair up and throw on lounge clothes and my glasses. Finnick calls them 'hipster' glasses. They have plastic black frames and the lenses are square. I understand what he means but his glasses are almost the same as mine. Finnick doesn't wear his unless he is hungover or just woke up. I on the other hand wear them pretty regularly. I wear my contacts more but, still. I get my things and start to head out. I grab my keys and lock my door. Both locks. Almost all of these places have two locks on the door. The apartments aren't in a big building. They are all in the same parking lot split into little sections. Almost like a trailer park but this isn't a trailer park. I see my neighbor from across the street wave. She is wearing a ripped dirty shirt and I can see her bra. I can tell she is drunk. She always is. I just keep walking and think what I am going to be teaching today. I won't stay in the library too long. I don't really like working in libraries, they're always too quite. I notice the sky is gray. It is that time right between fall and winter. It hasn't snowed yet which I am greatful for because I still need to buy new rain boots. I hope it doesn't rain that wouldn't be an unpleasant walk back to my apartment. I get to the tutoring center and sit in my scheduled room. I'm tutoring Cato today. I've tutored him before. He's the self entitled jock type. The only reason he is here is because his parents demanded he sign up. However no one at the tutoring center can make this idiot come in. It doesn't really matter to me. I get paid as long as I'm at the tutoring center. Although I do feel a little sorry for him. I look to the clock and see he is fifteen minutes late. The tutoring center has a thirty minute late rule. Once it has been thirty minutes and your student hasn't shown up you can leave. You still get paid a full day so it doesn't matter if people show up or not but you could've been doing something else with your time so it is irritating. I pull out my laptop and start working on my paper again. I keep looking at the door to see if he is coming. I sigh when it has been another ten minutes. I pull out my phone to see if he canceled on me. I only have one message and it's from Johanna. Johanna: Party tonight? Me : No. I have to study. Johanna: Please Annie! I don't want to go alone! I roll my eyes. Me: Go with Katniss or Madge. Katniss and Madge are her roommates. I don't know them very well. We only hang out when we are all with Johanna. I met Johanna my freshman year. She lived on the same floor as I did. We bonded over our hatred for our roommates. Johanna suggested that we could live off campus together but I declined. She knew why as well. Johanna is nice but I know I couldn't live with her without destroying our friendship. Johanna: I am. Katniss wants to spend more time with you. I think it's because she wants to know more about Peeta. Me : Why would she want to speak with me then? I ask confused. I know Peeta is interested in Katniss. Johanna, Katniss, and myself all hung out with Finnick and Peeta once. Peeta asked me more about Katniss and I realized I barely knew the girl. He asked if I could get her number for him. I already have it and gave it to him with her permission but nothing has happened. I can't tell if Katniss is interested or not. I do know Peeta likes her a lot. He talks about her like his ex-girlfriend, Delly, from back home. Johanna: Because that's your boyfriends roommate. You're friends anyways right? Me : Well… I guess. Although something happened last night that was so embarrassing I don't think I will ever be in the same room as him again. I hear the door open. Johanna: What happened last night? Me: I need to tutor now see ya. Johanna: BITCH! I get in return. I smile and roll my eyes. "I was about to give up on you." I tell him noticing he is now forty minutes late. "Sorry I had things I was doing." He smirks and I can see smeared lipstick on his cheek. I roll my eyes. "Well let's just get this going then." I say and we go over Hamlet and the themes that were being represented. "I can't even understand what these people are saying." He complains. "I told you go to no fear Shakespeare and it will show modern English next to the Shakespearean English." I say. My high school teacher told us about this website. It is a gold mine for figuring out the differences. You can also understand Shakespeare's humor more. Shakespeare actually made a few your mom jokes in his more humorous plays. Cato groans near the end of the session. He has stopped caring. "Here." I say annoyed and hand him his paper with some suggestions and corrections I made. "I also made you a study guide for things that will probably be on the test." I say. A lot of the other tutors don't spend lots of time on him. I however couldn't do that. Besides, I took this class my freshmen year. I am mostly giving him the old information I used for my studies. "Thanks." He says not really thankful. "I'll see you next week." I say slightly annoyed. "Wait, it doesn't have to be that long." He says with a smile. I know he doesn't want more tutoring time. "There's a nice party going on tonight-" "Not interested." I say and throw my backpack over my shoulder. "Come on Annie we all need to have some fun. If you're not into partying we could always go back to mine. Watch a movie-" I roll my eyes. He doesn't really want to 'watch a movie'. "I have a boyfriend and even if I didn't I wouldn't be interested." I say and try to walk from the room. "Who are you dating?" He says slightly insulted. "A guy who I'm in love with." I say and start to walk towards the door. "I think you're lying." He accuses as if we are in high school. "Too bad." I say and leave the room. It's three pm already. I head to the campus center to get something to eat. I haven't really eaten anything but stale Cheerios all day. "Annie!" I hear as I'm about to