A/N: This story is different from every story I have posted and a little weird. It combines the Hunger Games with supernatural creatures. I had a hard time deciding if Finnick or Annie should be the monster, but I think I made the right call. I hope you give this a shot. I haven't been this excited/ nervous since I posted my first story. Chapter 1 The country of Panem lives in peace with thirteen Districts who stand united and strong in order to keep this we need to snuff out the darkness together. We need to thank the brave men and women who protect us from the Savages. Provisions For Savage Captors, Investigators, and Detectives No. 1 First and foremost capture and detain all Savages. No. 2 Set standards for identification of the accused. No. 3 Outline procedures of a known Savage. No. 4 This includes arrest and detainment of the Savage. No. 5. State your duties to the detainee. No. 6 Remember Savages are not humans and pose a great threat to society. Savages need to be exterminated at all costs but, there are Laws to follow. No. 7 These rules apply only to Investigators, Captors, and Detectives of Panem. Do not engage with other countries. Our first priority is ourself Basic Laws -There are no laws that can protect Savages - Always ensure the safety of citizens rather than proceeding on capture. - Do not cause more harm to a Savage than necessary - The aid of assisting, harboring, or prevention of arrest of a Savage is a punishable by death. The rookie investigator Finnick Odair looks at the electrical board that shows every continent. The lit up red spots are places where there are known savages. The places that are currently high are South American- Brazil mostly- and many regions in Africa. There wasn't a problem in the country of Panem for awhile. Everything started in a small village in Africa that's when the public found out about the Savages. It is still unknown how long they have been hiding in the shadows. "Come on kiddo we got a case." Haymitch, Finnick's, mentor says. Haymitch is a crazy one, but has a good reputation. However, because Haymitch is a drunk they will never promote him within the ranks even though he deserves it. Hunting down Savages is what he lives for, ever since one killed his girl he made it his life goal to exterminate all of them. Finnick opens the file and is surprised by the picture. It's a young girl with fair skin, blonde hair, and blue eyes. "Jenny Carter, 23, suspected Savage: Class C." The police have the Savages set up in systems A-C on a threat level with C as the lowest. "They're only giving us softball cases because you're new." Haymitch says disappointed. "Are we sure this girl is a Savage?" Finnick asks because the girl is young. She goes to a good college and is studying to become a preschool teacher. "She's just suspected right now Finnick, but I've got a feeling about her." "She wants to be a preschool teacher." Finnick says. The academy told the students that Savages come in all different forms, but a girl studying to become a preschool teacher doesn't seem like the type, then again there is Detective Mason. There are rumors that she is the person who kills the children. Finnick doesn't know her well and even though she is crude he can't see her murdering children. She is out for vengeance as well. When Johanna came home one day she saw a pack of three Savages feasting on her parents and little sister. She ran away because normal people off the street aren't allowed to carry weapons that kill Savages. There aren't many and only special detectives and investigators get them. Finnick doesn't have one yet. You need a Savages' DNA to make a weapon so you usually need to kill your own and bring them to the lab. There's something about their blood that when it is infused with platinum it works as a perfect weapon. The research team hasn't figured out guns so they've had to get creative. The weapon Haymitch has is more like a giant sword. Detective Mason's is a great big axe. Finnick wonders what they would give him. The cops can't carry those weapons in their back pocket so they have a special back it goes in. Even though Finnick doesn't have a real weapon he'll have a stun gun. It isn't always effective but it stops just long enough for someone to run away. "Yes, but she lives in a Savage known area." "She might not know that." Finnick says because lots of college kids live in the area. "You should have learned by now rookie, that trying to fit in is their most dangerous quality." Finnick nods. "I know, but I think you are grasping at straws." Finnick says. "I've got the best sense in the task force, ask anyone." Haymitch says and is correct. They get in the car and drive to her apartment. Haymitch has been tracking her so he knows her schedule. He knows she is always home this time of day. "Let's go." Haymitch says and takes the bag and Finnick tucks the stunner in his pocket. Finnick knocks on the door. "Police, open up." Haymitch barks and the girl answers. She's got blonde hair and blue eyes and is very pretty. "What can I do for you officers?" She asks. She sounds nervous and Finnick can tell she doesn't like Haymitch. Maybe she noticed him following her. Finnick thinks to himself. "Ma'am we need to ask you a few questions, there have been reports in this area about Savages." Haymitch says. "Oh dear that is alarming. I haven't heard anything about attacks on the news." Jenny says. "No because they are very good at covering their tracks." Finnick says kindly. "That's a very interesting mark on your arm." Haymitch says because it is a rumor that all Savages have a mark of a phoenix on their body, but it could just be a birth mark. "Tattoo." Jenny says and pulls down her shirt. "Cut the crap." Haymitch says and throws water from his bottle. "What the…" Jenny starts as the liquid hits her. "Told you Finnick." Haymitch says because Jenny's eyes are no longer a pretty blue they are a threatening reddish black color. "Always trust my instinct." Haymitch says and goes for the sword. "Her defense." Finnick says as a group of tentacles come from her back. "Well, well we've got a class A here." Haymitch says and goes after her. Jenny's good she's able to go after him, but her apartment is small so she is at the disadvantage. Besides, Jenny isn't the fighting type. Finnick stuns her and Haymitch slaughters her. Blood and guts splatter her apartment. Finnick sees Haymitch has blood spots on him. "What was that liquid?" Finnick asks as Haymitch is clearing the blood off his face. "New formula the boys are cooking up." "It was just water." Finnick says still looking at the blood all over the apartment. "No it was laced with something to show the eyes." Haymitch says. "Why don't they sell that to everyone then?" Finnick asks. "Because there are side effects." Haymitch says and holds out his hand it looks burnt. "Are those second-degree burns?" Finnick asks alarmed. Haymitch shrugs. "So what we stopped the girl from killing anyone else. We did society a favor." Haymitch says. "How did the lab guys figure this out?" Finnick asks. Haymitch smirks. "I forgot you're that new. Let's just say sometimes Savages like to 'help' us." "Torture." Finnick says. "That's not what we call it." "The law says not to hurt them more than-" "That all depends on your definition." Haymitch says with an evil smile. "You wouldn't believe the laws other countries have for them. Stupid Americans want them to try and fit into society by giving them dead bodies for food. The only catch is they need to be registered, but of course there is still a high crime rate. Although lots of rich people are finally getting there's.." Haymitch says with a laugh. It's not just America Finnick only knows a few and Australia and Canada are on the list. However these countries don't have a big population of known Savages. They're big countries so Finnick assumes a lot of them are still in hiding. Finnick wants to say that torture is obviously unnecessary, but won't speak his thoughts. He just got assigned to work in the field and doesn't want to get dropped for defending Savages. "Yeah." Finnick says instead. Haymitch claps him on the back. "I better call this in she made such a mess." Finnick nods. "Too bad she was so aggressive, I would have liked to take her back to the lab to study . Her blood would've made for a great weapon all the tentacle Savages do." Haymitch says with glee. Finnick doesn't understand the science of Savages and doesn't care to either. He just wants to find them and stop them. It's the right thing to do and he doesn't care what level Savage he goes after. He doesn't care if he is killed and eaten by one he just wants the world to be a safer place. Jenny was ranked at C level but had an A level 'defense'. The special defense her body possessed is a shield and tentacle like things that come from her back. All Savages have a type of defensive power in their body. It's in the DNA, scientists try and study the makeup of Savages. They're very much like humans except the blood is different, there are more white blood cells and hidden body part. There is a sack that is tucked away behind the spine this is what the public calls the 'defense'. The scientists and cops call it defense because they only see it during a fight. Savages can release it at any time. It usually is released against their will when starving. The Savages call it Assailment Effect or Assailment however some Savages have come to call it defense because that is what humans call it, and Savages need to fit in to stay alive. The rookie looks at all the blood and is surprised with how much there is. Haymitch went all out so some of her entrails are splattered on the wall. He's never been in the field before and heard rumors that Haymitch's weapon is ruthless, but he didn't expect this. "Don't worry it's not like she was human they just look like us to try and blend in. " Haymitch says before he leaves the room to call in the incident. "Yes." Finnick agrees. The first outbreak happened years ago and all the details are still a little fuzzy to Finnick, but everyone knows how they got their name, it was because of the first attack. The Savage went on a rampage and destroyed a whole village in a matter of hours. Finnick is thinking he should cover the body before someone sees, but hears a piercing scream before he can He turns to see a young lady with long brown hair, pale skin, and green eyes. "So sorry Miss." Finnick says. The woman tries to leave but Finnick stops her. "Did you know the person who lived here?" He asks. "Yes, Jenny." The girl whispers. "What happened to her?" She asks and closes her eyes. She doesn't like looking at blood. "Let's talk over here." Finnick says and they walk down a flight of stairs. "How did you know Jenny?" Finnick asks. "We went to school together." Annie says softly. "Why were you coming here?" He asks. "She hadn't been to school in a few days so I wanted to check on her." Annie says. Finnick nods a believable response. "You should be looking for the person who