Chapter 1: The train Hermione sat in a compartment with the few returning eighth year students. Harry and Ron decided to not return this year, they started their auror training instead. But she sat there with Neville, Seamus, Dean, and even though Ginny wasn't an eighth year she was still sitting with her friends. She was more with them then anyone from her year anyway, besides that now that her and Hermione were single they both decided to stay by each other's side. Hermione looked out the window as her hand traveled to play with a silver pendent that hung on her neck. Comotion outside the compartment made her head turn to see the returning Slytherin eighth years. They were all stopping and looking around as if to see if there was room. There was Draco Malfoy, Blaise Zabini, and Theodore Nott, everyone else seemed to not both coming back. Hermione looked at Draco who seemed to be watching her intently as her hand played with the pendant. Blaise cleared his throat and looked at Ginny. "We… we don't have a compartment yet… no one wants to sit with us… can we…?" The question wasn't really asked but Ginny nodded that it was fine, but turned to everyone else. But they were all looking at Hermione. "Sit… we don't mind." She said and turned her attention back to the window. She was lost in her thoughts. Her mind going back to when she got the pendant that was currently being played between her fingers, then skipping to the summer when Ron broke up with her because he didn't see it going anywhere since she was too busy going back to school. The whole time she knew her and Ron would never actually work out, but she had hope. But then when she felt a presence sit beside her she looked to see it was Draco, as Blaise sat next to Ginny, and Theo next to Neville. Draco looked at her out of the corner of his eye, the whole compartment was quiet, but it was not really awkward. Draco leaned over gently and looked at the pendent and then up at her. "Nice Necklace." He spoke gently and then sat back up straight. "You know we saw what you lot did in the war, you were never really part of it." Neville said gently and looked at the Slytherins. "Zabini and Nott tried to save us from the Carrows more time then I can count. Not to mention sneaking us food, since Gryffindor's didn't really didn't get to eat that often." Blaise put an arm around Ginny as though they had been doing that for a long time. Ginny looked at him and smiled softly. "Blaise got me out of more tough spots then I care to admit… " the red haired witch said. "So where is Potter and Weasel?" Theo asked. "Auror training." Hermione stated without even looking at anyone but her gaze kept going to draco from the corner of her eye. "You still dating?" Theo pressed. "Ron and I broke up, he said I wasn't making time for him since I wanted to finish my schooling. Harry said it was too much of a strain on their relationship so he broke up with Ginny as well." Hermione sighed dropping her hand back to her lap. She was stressed, honestly she wasn't sure if she wanted to be back at school but here she was, on the train going to co complete a year she missed all because of some stupid noseless freak that wanted to kill everyone. Slow chatter began to arise and Draco looked at Hermione again. "You alright?" he asked gently. "Lost in thought is all… How are you?" she asked trying to be kind. After all if it wasn't for him she would probably have gone mad. Flash Back "Common Granger, we need to hurry up, we don't have much time before Bella will bellow for you again." Draco said pulling her up a flight of stairs and almost running down a hall before stopping and entering a room. It looked as though the room was his bedroom, but they were here on a mission. " Bella likes to use the Cruciatus curse. I asked my mother to get me some pieces of jewelry that could be hidden under clothing, or something that I could spell. To help against the pain, It won't take it all away and it will still hurt…" Draco said and pulled out a small silver pendant necklace and moved putting it on her before she could protest. "But it should keep you alive… I have one as well, Bella likes to use me to practice on." He admitted and sighed looking at her. "If you get out of here… don't get caught again Granger, they will rape and kill you if it happens a second time." He warned. Granted if he had more time he would have been much more delicate with how he worded things, but at this point he couldn't even really convey how sorry he was that she was in this position. But he really couldn't, he grabbed her hand and started out again. "Why are you helping me?" Hermione hissed as she was being dragged again. She was weak from lack of food, tired from staying up and attempting to figure out how the hell to get out. "I am helping you because you are the brains to take out noseless! He needs to die so that I may free myself and my mother of his wrath, so that my home may be a home again instead of his personal killing grounds." Draco said pushing Hermione up against a wall. "You are the one who will make sure Potter wins. Without you, they will have no luck, they will die and so will all hope." Draco said and looked at her his normal harsh expression softened. "Just… be strong, you are the strongest and smartest witch of our age." He admitted. "Even for a mudblood." She snapped and saw him cringe. "You are no mudblood Granger, you… you are a very powerful witch, one whom I wish I got to know before this. We better go." He sighed and then heard Bella screech. Hermione's face drained of all color at the words, the warning, and the hope. She was his hope and she didn't know if she would survive. "Common, just be strong." He added dragging Hermione down to be tortured. It took everything in his power to not kill his own aunt, but they all had a part to play, he just hoped that the pendant helped the pain. "Ooh look, it is Potter's play thing. No wonder he keeps you around, probably to use up and spit back out." Bellatrix Spat before she moved to Hermione. The pain Hermione felt right after made her scream, tears running down her face, and her body shook. But she did feel the pendant help, it soothed her inside, giving her hope that the pain would go away and she would be able to survive. Her eyes locked on Draco's, even though he looked indifferent again, but she knew she had to survive. End Flash Back "Well after you spoke at my hearing, I got house arrest then forced to finish school. Thankfully here I get to follow school rules that McGonagall sets rather than the house arrest." He said and looked at her. "Besides the whole school hating my guts I am alright." "I don't hate you." Hermione stated. "None of us hate you." Neville added. Dean and Seamus stayed quite but they nodded in agreement. Ginny agreed. "I don't hate you, granted I never agreed with what Malfoy used to say or how to act, but I don't hate you lot…" she said and looked at Blaise. She still didn't make the dark skinned boy take his arm off her, she was oddly comforted with his closeness. "You all do realize that you will be marking your own death beds by being seen with us." Theo said and looked at Neville mainly. "The war didn't kill us, no student there will try… especially not with Mione." Ginny said then cringed. "Sorry…" "Sorry?" Draco asked. "I don't like being called Mione. Ronald called me that all the time even though I told him many times I hated it. My name is Hermione. The only nickname I ever reacted to that I don't mind is Mia. My grandmother used to call me that, then my dad…" she trailed off and sighed letting her head lean back and hit the bench as she closed her eyes. "Were your parents killed in the war?" Blaise asked. "No… I erased their mind, thought I could reverse it… But now they live in Australia, and don't even know I exist." Hermione explained not wanting to even open her eyes and think. Her hand moved back to the pendent and began to fiddle with it. Hermione snapped her eyes open when she heard her name being called, but her name sounded odd coming from the man who said it. "Hermione." Draco said and gently shook her. "what is going on with you? You are completely zoned out." He said. "Sorry, just a lot has happened over the summer." She said and looked around everyone was trying to not stare at her or Draco for that matter. "Wait, you called me by my first name…" She said gently and looked at Draco. "I thought maybe it was time that we finally moved past, well our past. It is a new start, after what happened I thought it may be best." He explained, he left it vague since he didn't know exactly how much anyone knew about what happened. "Well I agree, Draco," she said and looked at him. His name rolled of her tongue like icing being licked off a cupcake, the right amount of sweet, and silky that made her want more. "I wonder what will happen when we get to school." Neville mused. "Well, Professor McGonagall is going to shake up the rules for eighth years, and those of us who were dealing with the war the most." Ginny said. "I was appointed head girl, she told me that rules will be different this year for eighth years, and for seventh years." "I am happy for you Gin!" Hermione exclaimed and smiled at her friend. "Common we all should change into robes." Theo suggested. The Great Hall Leaving the train and going to the great hall for the last time was a bitter sweet moment, Hermione hated that this was going to be the last time she would ever be making this trip. Granted she could get a mastery and come back as a teacher, but she wasn't sure she wanted to do that. Walking into the great all and sitting at their usual seats, Hermione watched as everyone was sorted, but it all went in one ear and out the other. Her mind wasn't fully on, it kept replaying over the war, over what she had seen in the great hall and it wasn't the tables and candles. No it was a battle, and dead bodies, blood, dread. Her head snapped around when McGonagall began to speak. "Welcome students new and old back to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, I would like to begin by starting with rules for our returning eighth year students. You are adults, as such you have a different set of rules, you may leave school when you wish, no curfew, you may do as you wish as long as you attend classes, you may go to any common room you wish, is you wish to change common rooms permanently please see me after dinner and we will work it out. As for a few select seventh years, you will have the same privilege I will be speaking to you later about that. Now onto