Chapter 1: Finding Out [Part 1] Chapter 1: Finding Out [Part 1] Standing in the minister's office had become a regular thing for her, but currently looking at the man who had become like another father to her was becoming more and more difficult. She just been told that her entire life, in fact her whole entire existence had been nothing but a sham. Moving she stood to pace and the brown haired, brown eyed girl started mumbling things under her breath so quietly that even if an ear extender from George Weasley was available it wouldn't have helped. She had started to slip in and out of French which was rare, but usually only happened when she was so distraught that she couldn't think straight. "Miss Granger… please have a seat…" Kingsley spoke gently. He stood with his hands up showing that he meant no harm to the girl, he just needed her to calmly sit down, after all he did not want to be on the wrong end of one of her infamous Hex's. "Don't you mean Miss Nott?" Hermione fumed and glared at the Minister. "You call me in here, tell me that I am not the Mudblood that was carved into my arm, but instead I am a Pureblood and not just any pureblood, but royalty basically! Does Theodore know? He is the last remaining Nott… well I guess besides myself." "We have sent word for him yes, I am expecting him to be coming any moment, I had wished that both of you would be here when I told you." Kingsley stated calmly. Just then a tall manwho was about her age walked in. Hermione turned to face him and as she studied him her face began to drain of all colour and she sat down slowly. Same eyes, same nose, hair a bit different but she assumed they got the hair trait from their different parents. Theodore's eyes looked at her as if studying her as well before he walked over to a chair, clutching it until his knuckles were white. "Why am I just finding out that I HAVE A BLOODY SISTER?" Theo finally spoke, well tried not to yell more like. He looked at the Minister with rage in his eyes. "Mr. Nott I assure you that this is a shock to us all. Your father had a fit until we would open his will for him to alter" Kingsley said, handing a copy of the will to each of the Nott children. "Wait, if he just altered it then it is probably some joke. I mean unless there is a spell or Theo is willing to take a blood test to see the legitimacy of this claim, I can't in good conscience take this claim at face value. Especiallyas the man who is claiming to be my biological father tried to kill me!" As the witch spoke, the will was clutched so hard in her hand that she was crumpling it. "I will go through whatever I have to, to prove or disprove this. " Theo spoke as he looked over the will and moved to slump down in the chair that he was previously clutching. Kingsley stood walking to the door long enough to usher in a healer who could perform a spell on them to make sure that they were siblings. The healer looked to be in shock, a Death Eater and one of the Golden Trio were both sitting there looking confused, scared, and pissed off. "This is Healer Macan, he will perform the required spell and he has also been studying the blood test if you wish to pursue that as well. We wanted to make sure that we had all our bases covered the moment we found out about this." As soon as the last words left his mouth, his felt a binding spell wrap around his body, and his eyes met the witch who had done it wandless. "You are telling me that YOU knew about this for a while, and just NOW decided to tell us that we may be siblings? That I may have been targeted all my life, ridiculed, TORTURED, for nothing? That I may have had a magical family this entire time, which obviously just didn't want me like some piece of filth" Hermione spat. She didn't notice that Theo was flinching when she spoke of her torture or being thrown out like trash. Honestly he had wished most days until his father had been put into Azkaban that he would be thrown out like trash as well. "Miss Granger I can assure you that this test will take no time at all, and once you are confirmed…" The healer caught the glare from the angry witch and quickly added. "Or not, then you and Mr. Nott can decide the next course of action. I just need your palms, and then we may begin." Theo stood and looked at Hermione, and his eyes softened. His anger was not for her, he felt a pain that he didn't know that he could, a pain that he had failed his sister. Theo could tell that she was his blood just by closely studying her features, but the test would confirm it. Standing next to the healer he held his palm out and kept his eyes glued on Hermione's, with a soft shrug he let out a sigh and then nodded to the Healer to continue. Hermione went and stood next to Theo sticking out her palm to the healer and took a deep breath as the Healer waved her wand over the palms. Soon gold sparks erupted and Hermione hissed as her left hip started to burn, moving she pulled her jumper a little to try and see what was causing the burn. Her head snapped to Theo when she heard him hissing in pain as he tried to reach for his left shoulder blade. She glanced at her hip seeing her birthmark show brighter than normal, almost glowing before she moved over to Theo pulling the back of his shirt up and looked at his shoulder blade. Stumbling back she looked at him before she broke out in sobs. "They match." she said in between her sobs and she felt her legs give out and she fell to her knees sobbing into her hands. Theo moved and waved off the Healer before he knelt with his sister and ever so gently put his hands on her shoulders, he went rigid as he felt the witch move into him and sob into his chest. "If I had known, I would have protected you from it all, I am so sorry Hermione" Theo said gently, holding her close to him. "You know you have to let the Minster go, I don't think he should be wriggling on the floor, he looks nothing like a snake." With that he felt the witch in his arms start to chuckle and he breathed out a sigh of relief, as he felt his sister move her hand and the Minster was released from his bindings. "I think the only snake in this room is you dear brother." She said looking up at him gently and sighed. "What do we do now?" She asked as Theo helped her to her feat and wiped the last of her tears away. The healer cleared her throat before she nodded once. "They are confirmed to be siblings Minister, full blooded." "I do have one question, if she is my sister, then why did my mother and father get rid of her and why did they give her to muggles?" Theo was confused on that part, however, he knew from that point on he would always protect her; she was his family and he would always protect family. "Your father didn't say, all he would tell us is that she is ten months younger then you and that they erased your memory of her." The minister explained before Theo could protest. "What I do know is that he gave her to muggles so that she could be hidden properly. As for the obvious question, why did they do that? We don't know, and as for why he tried to kill you, his explanation was that he was still protecting never sent an Avada at you, and he always tried to make sure you didn't get one thrown at you." Kinsley spoke before running a hand over his eyes, as he fought the sigh of frustration. "Well maybe we will figure out why later, for now, I guess we figure out the next step". Hermione cut off and then shook her head. "I am planning on returning to finish my N.E.W.T.S. this year, what are we going to do about school? What about Malfoy, and Pansy, and your friends? They all hate me because of my blood. What about Harry, or Ron? Oh no Ron is going to have a fit!" she had felt a weight lift from her shoulders for a mere second when she found out she had a brother, but now she felt it all coming back. She didn't know how well this was going to go for anyone. "I am returning as well, as for my friends they will either accept you or get hexed, but as long as you're family they will have no choice. Your friends however will be the difficult few, Potter and Weasley will be furious." Theo said and looked at his sister. "Come on, let me take you to the family home, and we can talk." With a nod to the Minister, the pair apparated together. Three Weeks Later "Are you sure you are ready dear sister?" Theo asked standing with his arm over Hermione's shoulders. They were both stood in the sitting room of their family home, having decided finally it was time to tell their friends. He felt his sister take in a shaky breath and then nod her head. Leaning over he kissed her forehead before he moved to send off the Owls addressed to some of his best friends. "I am going to go to my room for a bit, have Tilly get me when you have told them, but only if they are alright with it" she said nervously. Hermione didn't need another war, especially not in her new family home. The Weasley's thought she was at her family home that she had grown up in. Granted it was in her name now that her muggle parents were no longer around. The spell she had used to erase their memories had worked too well. There was no way to reverse it, she had taken Theo with her and even with his help and knowledge he had been unable to help either, now he was her only family. She hated lying to the Weasley's but this was a big decision that she had to make with Theo, and they decided to tell his friends first andthen hers. After watching his sister go to her room, Theo turned his attention to the fireplace as it roared to life. A tall man, taller than Theo, stepped out in a tailored grey suit, with an emerald green tie. His silver eyes looked around as he moved one hand through his almost white blond hair. "Theo, what on earth was so urgent that you wanted to have whiskey this quick after an owl?" He asked waving a wand over his body to get rid of the soot before he walked over to Theo and shook his hand before turning his attention to the room choosing to sit in a high back chair by the fireplace. The fireplace came to life again and within a few minutes there sat the remaining Slytherins that had all vowed to return to Hogwarts for their final year together. Draco Malfoy, Pansy Parkinson, Blaise Zabini, Gregory Goyle, Millicent Bulstrode, and Daphne Greengrass. Theo sat in his chair rubbing a hand