Hey everyone! So I decided to continue the story as there is still a lot left to be told. I want to thank everyone who has read Aluthsia University and welcome all new readers. To anyone that commented about the grammar, spelling and Beta; I do not have a Beta nor do I have time for it and it would take me forever to post if I got one. As for the grammar and spelling, all chapters are spell checked by Word and Grammerly but sometimes mistake will get through. If spelling and grammar is an issue for you then this story won't be for you, as people have commented that it was painful to read I would suggest you skip this story as it is meant to be enjoyable not painful. As for updating, they will become less frequent in about a month or so as I return to college for my final year. I will try and update as soon as possible but please be patient Ok so now that's all out of the way, enjoy reading! It has been exactly two months and fifteen days since the night of the werewolf attack. The first few weeks after the attack was dreadful. Funerals were held for our fellow students who lost their young lives that night. The funerals were held in the court yard as oppose to the assembly hall. The court yard was beautifully decorate in memory of the deceased students. There were stunning white roses mixed with a range of colourful flowers, a colour to represent each of the students who tragically lost their lives. Students hung notes that they have written for their friends that have passed on one of the large oak trees that stood proud in the middle of the court yard. By the end of the day the tree was adorned with notes for the deceased and well wishes for the injured students. Edward and I both wrote notes. Edward's note was for Liam. The death of his friend hit him hard and I could see the tears as he tied the note to a branch. I didn't read the note nor did I ask Edward what he wrote. The note was personal and it was not my business to know what it said. I had thought that perhaps Edward or even Rose would have written a note in memory of Lizzie, but I was mistaken. They were both still so very angry at her and what she had done. It broke my heart knowing that a piece of their family was ripped from them and that they will never be the same. I didn't know how Edward's parents were handling the news. It must be hard for them to have to lose a daughter once again. No matter what Lizzie had done, she was still their daughter. As much as I hate Lizzie, I could never hold mourning her against her family. Having suffered through a similar situation with my mother have me a unique understanding as to the conflicting feelings the Cullen family must be suffering. I had mourned my mother, missed her and wished she would come back. When I found out what she had done, it broke my heart all over again. I didn't know whether I still loved her or missed her. I was angry and heartbroken. The two emotions constantly at war with each other. It messes with your head. You don't know whether to love them or hate them. I think that was one of the reason, perhaps the most dominating reason, for putting up with Edward's cold behaviour. My note was too personal to hang on the tree. At first I wanted to write a note for Alice as I didn't know any of the students who died apart from Liam, but then thought better of it. She died die. She was injured but her injuries had been relatively minor compared to the other students. I refused to see what happened to Alice in the same way as the other students. Alice will go on to live a full and happy life. She has amazing friends surrounding her with love and support. Most importantly I refused to write a note for Alice as I didn't want to see her as a victim because she was a survivor. Instead I addressed my note to my Edward. He was hurt by Lizzie directly in a way that no one will ever be able to comprehend. The attack orchestrated by her will forever haunt him as will her betrayal. Edward had loved his sister fiercely and had always looked up to her when they were younger. He had spent so much time blaming himself for her death because he was no longer able to read her thoughts. I can still remember the sadness in his eyes the first time he told me that story and it was all a lie. Lizzie had trick everyone into believing she was suffering from leukaemia and that it ultimately caused her death. Thinking back on the sadness she caused the Cullen family makes me wish that I had been able to make her death more painful. This was why my note was dedicated to Edward. It was a reminder that he wasn't alone in his pain and that he was never to blame for any of it. I still have the note safely tucked away in my wallet. There were many days over the last two months in which I wanted to hand the note over to Edward. The days he was depressed and his self-loathing took over as he blamed himself for the destruction caused by Lizzie. Those were the days I wanted to give him the note the most, but I knew it wouldn't make a difference. Edward wasn't ready to deal with his feelings yet. He wasn't ready to let me in and that hurt the worst. Our relationship has taken quite the strain after we returned from the Unknown the night of the attack. Edward started to shut me out completely and he is isolating himself from the world more and more every day. Edward's withdrawal was one of my biggest concerns, but when I walk down the hallways of the university it's clear he wasn't the only one suffering. That night had made such an impact on so many students. Just like Edward, some students began to isolated themselves. Other students lashed out in anger as they couldn't cope with the grief. The manner in which students were dealing with the aftermath of that night was clear as day every time we were called into the assembly hall. Due to the events that night, the professors has attempted to engage students more in the magic related subjects. That night made it clear that very few students were able to use magic in a defensive way. Being a freshman myself, I knew hardly anything about how to use my magic to protect me. I know how to use my telekinesis and my mark but am still clueless as to how to properly use my magic. Since the divide of the Unknown and the normal world, witchcraft had taken a nose dive. There were only a hand full of truly powerful witches left and the knowledge being passed down by the generations is dwindling. It was a frightening thought that magic might seize to exist if we don't do something about the problems lurking in the Unknown. But was that the solution? Regain control of the Unknown? What happens then? Will witches started moving back to the Unknown and get back to practising magic full time? Would I be one of those witches? Could I give up the comfort of my life here? After what had happened with the werewolves I didn't think there would be a lot of students signing up to move to the Unknown any time soon. It took nearly two weeks for the construction crew to fix all the damage and redecorate the hall. To this day you can still see how uncomfortable students are when we are required to be in the assembly hall. Some wore fearful expressions, some were angry and other were still grief stricken. The university had tried to change the assembly hall in a manner that the décor was still in keeping with the rest of the university. However they tried to refresh it as to minimize the resemblance to the previous décor. They tried to distance memories of that night by redecorating the place. The jury is still out on whether or not they succeeded. The assembly hall was now decorated in light creamy colours. It was still in keeping with the décor of the university but now there were no ornamental weapons or fire lanterns adorning the walls. Instead there was a large stone mural with all the victims' names engraved upon it. The overall atmosphere the new décor created was one of peace and tranquillity even if the students were still struggling to experience it as such. Classes continued as normal, but the absence of the deceased students was noticed by all. There were constant reminders of that night and the death of all those innocent students. I'm sure one day we will look around and cherish the fond memories of those we lost, but it'll take time to look past the horror of that night. At first the classes were quit with only the professor speaking as no student voluntarily got involved in the lectures. After a few weeks the students started buzzing with Christmas excitement. We only had one more week left before we are off for our Christmas break. I think a lot of the excitement was due to students anxious to get away from the university, even if it was only for two weeks. I was less excited about the break. I had never been a fan of Christmas, being a self-declared Grinch. The holiday season always brought back painful memories for me. I have spent the last few Christmases with Emmett and his parents and even though I love them like family, I always felt like an outsider on the holidays. I didn't always hate Christmas. When I was little my dad and I would go find the perfect Christmas tree at. We would make a whole day of it. We always drove into Port Angles to buy our tree. It was also the closest town with an ice rink. My dad and I would stop at the famous IHOP and get some pancakes, then go ice skating before we set out to find the perfect tree. It was always a magical day with him and no one would be able to replace him. My heart hurt every time I thought of him. This Christmas will be especially hard. I had decided to go back home to Forks with Emmett. I needed to return to Forks regardless of the holidays as I needed to sort out insurance stuff. The fire Lizzie had set in my apartment and caused an awful lot of structural damage and I needed to have it fixed. So my Christmas will be spent trying to sort out the insurance money, contractors and trying to save what was left of the things I had kept in the apartment. One more important thing I needed to do while in Forks was make a trip to Seattle. I needed to go collect the book my grandmother had given me when Edward and I went to visit her. There was still so many question I had about the book and our families. The secrets contained in that book was intimidating and I find myself wondering if I really wanted to add to the growing list of problems I had. On the bright side, I might get to spend some time with my Nana. I had hoped that Edward and I could have a redo of our trip over the break but