Chapter One: Accidents Happen In Forks, Washington, it was another typical rainy Tuesday afternoon, but, like always, no one cared. A single bird had flown down from the grey sky to land on the windowsill of the Fork High School Cafeteria, and pecked at a worm in the ground. I watched it from inside the cafeteria, bored out of my mind, while picking at the yucky slop on my tray. My siblings weren't being very social today, no surprises there. Alice and Jasper were conversing softly, but I couldn't hear a word they were saying. Rosalie and Emmett were… Ugh, don't even ask, I don't know. Plotting world domination? Making out? Planning to be asshole for the rest of my life? Edward was missing, he was probably still in Alaska. I didn't entirely know the circumstances of why he had run off but I knew it had something to do with the new girl, Bella. I personally didn't think she was all that great, but I would never say that out loud. I caught her staring at us several times during the week and I gazed back, more out of curiosity and interest then rudeness. She, like most people, would know I wasn't like the rest of my family… I am nothing special to look at, I know that. Grey eyes, a buzz cut instead of hair, mole on the left side of nose and had nothing but simple straight features… I'm plain, boring when it comes to looks. My body is nothing special either, like, I keep myself in good shape and all but it's nothing compared to my brother's muscles. I had never had a girlfriend; no one here would want to date " that Cullen kid ". A sudden feeling of happiness washed over me and I stopped musing over my unattractiveness and looked up to see a small smirk of Jasper's face. I grimaced at him before I mouthed one word. Jackass ! I couldn't help but shoot a right grin back at him though. Jasper is my favourite brother, despite the fact he sometimes wants to eat me. He's not always in my face, trying to get me to do 'normal' stuff and perfectly happy to let me sit and enjoy his company. He always said my blood didn't call to him as strongly as the others for an odd reason. Carlisle said it was good luck. I called it a coincidence. Carlisle… My father. Not biological, no, but he was just as good. He made every precaution to keep me safe from harm, whether it be childhood bullies or vampires. He did everything a father was meant to do, play football with me, come watch my childhood soccer games, gave me 'the talk'… I cracked a smile at that thought. Who in their right mind would think that a human would be so used to living with vampires. I sighed and glanced to the left at the apple sitting on Rosalie's tray. A mere prop, just there to complete the human charade for her. I took it in my hand and tossed it up, watching it spin in the air before catching again in the same hand. Emmett watched it with curious eyes, perhaps wondering why I found this entertaining. After the third throw-and-catch, his hand shot out and caught it ahead of mine. He laughed when he saw my annoyed expression. "Calm down bro, have your food," he laughed quietly, before tossing back to me, almost like he amused at the idea of eating food. I took a bite and chewed it silently. Emmett was an ass and he knew it. A child in a man's body, I often said. "Real mature," I finally said sarcastically after I swallowed. Emmett would usually say something witty back but something kept him silent. He was thinking about Edward, I was sure of it. They all were. His brow was furrowed and he glanced at Rosalie, who just raised an eyebrow at him. The bell rang then and I stood quickly, slinging my bag over my shoulder. "See you soon," I called back to them as I hurried off to class. Alice was in my Junior Science class but she would keep to Jasper's side to make sure he was okay. He was paired with Rosalie most of the time, thanks to Carlisle milking the foster child stereotype. Anxiety separation… I had snorted over my dinner when I heard that one. I felt an ice-cold hand touch mine and I knew Alice was by my side. She was a pixie compared to me; her head barely reach my shoulders, which gave me a reason to lean on her most of the time. We were close, she was my confident when it came to most things regarding my human life, but then again, she knew what I was going to tell her every time I asked her for a talk. "Are you okay?" she asked. She had noticed my grumpy mood it seems. I just shrugged, not thinking about anything but the coming lesson and what I planned to do when I got back home. Either run on the treadmill or go for a bike ride, I decided. Alice's head tipped curiously towards but she didn't say anything more as we entered the class room. Class was dismal to say the least. Science was not my strong suit but I never bothered to study. I just wasn't interested. Edward offered to tutor me but I turned him down merely for the fact I couldn't have him telling me I was wrong. Stupid Edward and his mind-reading cheating strategy. You think we would get along better because we were both the single men of the house, but that wasn't the case. He treated me like a kid, despite the fact we were both physically the same age. He was an ass, and not the one you could put up with. I loved him as a brother, but he annoyed the hell out of me! I almost ran out of class and walked swiftly through the hallways, nudging students out of the way as Alice followed, almost dancing through the gaps like a pretty ballerina. I heard Jasper's voice before I saw him, as he greeted Alice with a corny line and a kiss. Gross. I made a face at the scene. Rosalie and Emmett were already at Rose's red BMW, waiting for us as she protected the shiny red vehicle from overexcited freshmen. I ignored them both, and opened the back seat door and pulled my motorbike helmet and jacket out to put over my simple blue shirt I wore now. The family wasn't keen on my mode of transport but I loved my Honda. It was my baby and a hell of a bike. Rosalie taught me how to service it myself so I didn't have to bug her all the time and made it run smoother then a baby's behind. I secretly called her (my bike) Blackie because of obvious reasons. But I never referred to her as that around my family. I would be the laughing stock of the household until the day I die. I pulled out of the car park before they did. I liked riding alone, being alone. Instead of silence that drove me insane, it was peace. Just me and my thoughts, just me and my baby, just me... Perfect tranquillity. I took the long route home, so I could get to a long stretch of mountain road that had nothing but trees on either side. As I glanced over my shoulder, I spied the BMW heading towards me at an astonishing speed. I smirked and moved into the centre of the road, blocking Rosalie's path. I could see the car behind me and I knew she was pissed. I moved to the side and let her pull alongside me. Even through the dark visor of the helmet, I could see her mouthing a challenge. Race ya? I chuckled at the idea, but I still revved Blackie and hit the accelerator and tore up the road, moving so fast I could barely see the trees. It was a windy day and they swayed like a crowd during a slow moving song at a rock concert. We played with each other, teasing and feinting at one another, vehicle against bike. But then I felt something change, a shift in the winds it would seem. On the final miles of the road, Rosalie and I were neck and neck in racing towards the end of the road but she saw the tree before I did. I was aware of the screeching of brakes but I didn't seem to register it, register what it meant. But then I was aware of the might oak crashing towards me. I hit my brakes and screamed to a stop, before I went into a vicious spin and crashed, hitting the tree front on. Time was slowed down as I was thrown over the handlebars. I tucked in instinctively as I flew through the air over the tree and landed roughly on the asphalt, a few meters away. I laid there, panting, trying to think. I could hear the sound of cars opening and my name being screamed. But I still didn't move. I don't know why. Someone grabbed me and lifted me onto my feet, supporting my weight effortlessly. My helmet was pulled off roughly and suddenly Rosalie was in my field of view. "Taylor, I'm sorry! I didn't know that was going to happen," she said breathlessly, genuinely worried for my safety. Now THAT never happened. Was I okay? I felt my arms and my chest. I ached, but I didn't seem to have any broken bones or be bleeding in any shape or form. "I'm… I'm okay," I managed to stammer, still panting. "Just roughed up." I winced when Emmett touched my shoulder, trying to reassure me. Jasper let out a loud breath; he must have been holding his breath in case I was spurting out blood. "You are so damn lucky," he muttered. "I'll run the bike back, you are not riding home." I grumbled, but complied. I slid into the back of the car, watching as Jasper blurred away, my bike in his arms. Alice put an arm around me and I slid against her, feeling completely at ease with her. My eyes closed and I drifted in between sleep and consciousness. I could feel her fussing over me, worried like a mother hen. I must have hit the brakes at close to 45 mph… How the hell did I survive? Was I turned into a vampire in my sleep? How did I end up with not a single broken bone? I kept going over these thoughts for quite some time, before the jolt of the car stopping awoke me from my daydreaming. I raised my head, feeling like a sleepy bear after hibernation, but followed my siblings out of the car and looked around the garage, searching for my baby, my Blackie. When I saw her I couldn't stop the mournful cry echoing from my gut. She was scratched up beyond belief and the front fender was caved in so much that it looked like a single bit of metal. Brake fluid was leaking and she was missing the muffler as well as one side of the rear guard. My poor bike! Alice patted my shoulder reassuringly. "Come on, Taylor," she said softly. "Carlisle needs to check you over." Moments later I was half-naked in our kitchen, well, more like my kitchen to be fair, clad in nothing but a pair of shorts as Carlisle examined me. Esme was standing very still nearby, watching and clucking as Carlisle checked nearly every inch of my body. The others were about, doing whatever they liked to do. "I'm amazed you don't have a scrape on you," Carlisle finally said, stepping back to lean against