I don't own Twilight, only my OC's: Sarah Olivia Swan, Lizabeth Hope Swan, and Kaliah Maria Schmidt. This is my first Twilight story so please no bad criticism. Sarah looks like Bella but with blue eyes and she doesn't have her red tint in her brown hair,more of a black tint. Lizabeth is Alexandra Daddario with blonde hair. Again no criticism. This story takes place a month before Bella moves to Forks, Washington. Bella, Sarah, and Lizzy are fraternal triplets. But, Bella and Sarah are more identical. I didn't plan on making this story but, u/7681728/WorldPeace9696. Her story inspired me to write my own. My one co-writer plays Lizzy. We were talking for a while starting our details and ideas. She wanted Sarah to be Livy with her character Lizzy. But with respect we came up with Sarah. So my first Twilight story I hope you guys will like it. This account that I'm on is the same to JakilynnBlackPrime101. My account hasn't been working so I made a new one. Issues belongs to Julia Michael's and her respective record label. Enjoy, please. I'm jealous, I'm overzealous When I'm down, I get real down When I'm high, I 3don't come down I get angry, baby, believe me I could love you just like that And I could leave you just this fast But you don't judge me 'Cause if you did, baby, I would judge you too No, you don't judge me 'Cause if you did, baby, I would judge you too I sat at the kitchen table eating a bowl of cereal when the phone rang. Who exactly is calling at this early hour? It's six o'clock in the morning. And it's a Monday, I hit the table with my hand and looked at Lizzy, as she came down the stairs yelling. I'm not a morning person. At all. I gave her a dirty look, because she was the one who got me up at this time. I was wearing jeans, black boots and my Basketball faded sweatshirt. I had my hair up in a ponytail, I looked over at my gym bag. That was my reminder to ask Charlie something. I understand that she's a girly girl but come on. Why waste a precious hour of sleep. Over make-up. Come on seriously, it's just stupid. I just wore cap-stick. Since there was not cold dry winter's here in Forks, I used it when we went to go see Mom and Bella in Phoenix, before Bella moved down here in January. It's been a year since we seen her. I stood and took the phone off the receiver. "Hello?-" I didn't even get a response back when Lizzy came running in. "It's for me!" Lizzy came running in and snatching the phone from me. I shook my head; I examined her outfit a pale blue dress, with matching heels, and a dark zip-up hoodie. Her blonde hair in nice style but I think she over done it. I put my hair up in a ponytail, I looked over at my gym bag. That was my reminder to ask Charlie something. Bella came down the stairs in jeans and long-sleeved shirt. I looked at her wondering if she meant what she said when I asked her if I could have my best friend back. "Hey, Ryan," My eyelids covered my eye's halfway in a 'are-you-serious' way. Lizzy looked at me and rolled her eye's. I was taller than my sisters. By like two inches. I was 5'7 ft tall. I turned my undivided attention back to my Captain Crunch, and heard her sappy attempts to be flirty, I made an over-dramatic gag. She threw a piece of her french toast at me. I caught it in mid- air and made an exaggerated bite of the french toast. She made a disgusted look but smiled. I carried my bowl in the sink; washed the bowl and spoon. Bella laughed and the two got into a conversation. "Hey, girls I gotta go in early today. I'll see you at dinner, okay?" Charlie said, with uniform on. "I'm cooking stir-fry tonight," Bella announced taking out the meat. Dad was making his way out. I stopped him, "Dad, wait. Can I see Jacob after school? I wanted to have a basketball game with him at the community center," I said with my hands in my sweatshirt pocket. "Sarah has a boyfriend!" Lizzy sang. I glared at her, "I do not!" I gripped my gym bag, and kept glowering at her. "Could've fooled me," Bella smiled. "Liz, that was good. Really good," Charlie said, and then he became uncomfortable. I was still glaring at Lizzy and Bella when Dad gave me confirmation about going to Jacob's. I hugged him goodbye and Lizzy kissed him on the cheek. When the front door closed, I whipped around to Lizzy and Bella. "I'm driving," We three looked at the keys on the counter. They gave me a look, then to each other and we all dashed to the counter. "Aha! I'm driving," I had the keys up and put the keys in my jean pocket. We went out to the car Ryan bought. I didn't like Ryan, there was seriously something not right about him. Same with Edward. But Lizzy and Ryan were lifelong friends. And she was happy because of him, so I didn't say anything about him. Edward caused Bella to get hurt. I thought about Jacob, and how we made plans to play basketball today after school. He also been talking about how Jared and Paul have been missing school after Sam Uley. And that he was scared it was going to be him. That Sam gave him weird looks like; he would cut off and apologize for getting worked up. I didn't care and went talked about something else. But that was in late February, then he stopped complaining. When Jacob and I were together you couldn't separate us, and he had best friends. Quil and Embry were like brother's to me and Jake was, to me, he was more than a friend. I liked him more than a friend. None knew I liked him. Not even Lizzy knew about it. It was sunny out today which was really rare in Forks. It's always cold or very rainy out. Well, it won't last long. Entering the lunch room, I walked over to the lunch line. The sunny day didn't last long, by third period it started pouring out as usual. I got a slice of pizza, peaches, and a bottled water. I was walking over to my seat when I seen seniors whistling at me. I looked over at them, and walked over at them. "Hey, Sarah," One of them said, that was sitting on the table. "Hi," I shifted my weight, and raised an eyebrow at them. "What do you guys want?" "Just wanted to know where you've been, baby," Frankie wrapped an arm around my waist bringing me close. His arm was cold, and his eye's were dark. I seen hungry and longing in his eye's. I had to get away from him. I heard oh's, I then got out of his arms. "Since when do you care. I've working up reputation for Notre Dame. Plus, I'm not that into you," I heard oh's again, and Frankie looked around while biting his lip. His skin was pale, much more than it was the last time I seen him. Hearing steel legs approach us I knew it was Lizzy with Kaliah. I twisted my waist; Kaliah, Bella and Lizzy waved at me. Liz gave me a look. "Well, I gotta go boys. Bye," I giggled when I heard them being 15 year old's. Just like Jake, Quil, and Embry still kids but growing into they early teenage years. "Hey, Sarah," I sat next to Kaliah, her green, gray eye's giving a look. "What?" I looked at her. I looked over at Bella at the Cullen table by the windows. "Nothing. Unless your into seniors by the way, Frankie's the school's player," She scolded me. "I don't like him. Just so you know, I already have my sights on someone thank you very much," Lizzy and Kailah laughed. "Oh, who is he?" Jessica asked, hoping to start some gossip. "I'm not telling. Lizabeth doesn't even know. To be honest, I want to keep it that way," I take a bite of my pizza. "You're seriously not telling us?" Angela looked at me, surprised. "Sarah, you're kidding, right?" Lizzy leaned forward. "I'm not," I finished up my my pizza and moved onto my peaches. "Well, tell us what happened with Frankie," Lizzy said, she took a bite of her baked mac-rooni and cheese. "I didn't call him back last night. Jacob called, I had to talk to Jake," I looked at Liz because she knew what I was talking about. I felt eye's on the back of my head. and turned. I seen Jasper Cullen's eye's on me, Ryan looked over at Lizzy then to me. Edward kept looking at me, I kept my eye's glued with his, but I felt self-conscious. Jacob crossed my mind, and shuddered and looked at the table. I was starting to feeling a thought spiral coming on. Like I was going to panic, I stood up. I was going to have a panic attack, and I wasn't going to have it here. No way was I going to answer to them about it. Lizzy seen it on my face, she knew what going to happen. I had to get out of here. "I gotta go," I muttered, and hurried out the lunchroom. "Sarah!" Lizabeth called but I ignored her. I ran through the halls, to the doors, and I busted through them. I was running through the parking lot when, someone hit me hard in my side, and I went flying into a car window. Glass sprayed on the wet blacktop, and on top my back. Choking tears left my mouth, something trickled down my upper lip. I smelt the blood, and my back felt like I had over worked it. I looked up and seen a figure with a shadowed face. "I've been looking for you everywhere, Sarah. Look at you, you're so beautiful," He squatted down, and harshly grabbed my face. Fear coursed through me, and I thought I was going to die. But why kill a student on school campus? Why did he sound so familiar as well? He also looked familiar. I seen his eye's, they were a dried blood red color. I smashed me against the car, I screamed in pain. His cool hands gripped my face harder. Tears started streaming down my face. I kept fighting against him, before he started choking me. I scratched at his face but my nails slipped right off, easily. It was like I scratching smooth stone. "Hey!" The voice made the hair on the back of my neck prick up more in fear. "Oh my goodness. Are you okay?" Two senior teachers pulled me up by my arms. "Get her to the hospital!" "Sarah, sweetie. Stay with us. Sarah," My world turned, blurred and went black. 'Cause I got issues But you got 'em too So give 'em all to me And I'll give mine to you Bask in the glory Of all our problems 'Cause we got the kind of love It takes to solve 'em Yeah, I got issues And one of them is how bad I need you "Sarah?" Lizzy stood when my blue eye's opened. Bella sighed in relief. "Liz?"My voice was scratchy, and groggy. My back and the back of my head were throbbing, sharp pain went through my eye's. "I'm here," She took my head, and my head turned to the beating of the heart monitors. I looked down at my arm's and seen Iv's in them. "Guess who'd here, Sar." "Who?" My heart monitor skipped a beat at the voice