Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.k. Rowling. What Lies Beneath Hermione: The day was breezy and cool, flowers and trees blossoming all around her. Distantly she could hear children playing and laughing. She leaned forward and put her head into her hands trying to shake off the anxiety that had been plaguing her all day. She had gotten the owl that morning while she was making breakfast for her and her son. It had started out as any other day in her life. She would wake up much too early, take in the time on the small bedside clock and then groan and try to still her nerves. It was safe to say that a lot of witches and wizards had PTSD after the war but she wondered if they all suffered as severely as she did. She had stayed in bed a little longer hoping she would be able to drift back off. Her eyes had slowly begun to shut but her mind wouldn't let her go back to sleep. There was always nagging racing thoughts going through her head. Mostly she got through it and kept herself together. But today felt different and she wasn't sure why. "Mummy," she heard him say from the doorway. Yup. That was it. Xavier was awake. "Come ere love," she said patting the puffy comforter next to her. The small boy wasted no time at all. She heard his little feet pick up speed on the wood floor as he took a leap onto the bed, all of his small limbs stretched wide in midair. He landed hard, even shaking the bedside table as he went, and then crawled energetically up to his mother on all fours before he nuzzled into the crook of her arm. "I'm hungry," he said simply staring up at her with his vibrant gray eyes. She sighed and rubbed at her own eyes with her free hand taking one last look at the clock. It was 7:30 in the morning. She smiled down at her son and ran her slender fingers through his straight brown hair. "Lets go," she said. The two of them clambered out of the bed and made their way to the kitchen. Her flat was small but cozy. It was in a two story building that was maybe two blocks from her parent's old home. After the war, she couldn't bring herself to move into the house that she'd grown up in. It felt so empty without them there and although she still owned it, she just couldn't. She had visited it a handful of times towards the end of the war but only for a very particular reason. Seeing as the Death Eaters were aware her parents were dead they had crossed that off their list of places to search. It also appeared empty to anyone who didn't know how to get in. To this day Hermione was the only one who could get past the wards put up. It hadn't always been that way, however. Xavier shuffled into the kitchen with his coloring book and crayons in hand and sat at the little square table in front of the window as his mother lined up ingredients on the counter with her wand. "French toast or pancakes?" she asked. She was holding a carton of eggs in her hand when the tap came on the window. She hadn't been expecting anything that early and she felt the familiar tingle begin in the tips of her fingers as the anxiety started traveling up her arms. She put the eggs down quickly and went to the window, sliding it up so the owl could land on the table in front of Xavier. He smiled as he reached out and stroked the familiar owl who playfully nipped at his fingers. "Hi Ziggy," he said happily. Ziggy stretched out his silver wings and flapped them a few times. It reminded Hermione of someone waving. He then turned his head almost all the way around to peer at her with his large yellow eyes. It creeped her out when he did that. Hermione's eyebrows creased as she untied her message from the owls outstretched leg. "Get Ziggy a treat will you?" she said not taking her eyes off of what was in her hands, that had begun to shake slightly. It had been from Ginny Weasley with a small piece of parchment clipped to it that read: Mione, I sent this as soon as I got the paper this morning. I thought you should be the first to know...Seeing as... Well. You know. I'm taking James to Holiday Park this afternoon. I was wondering if you and Xavier would like to join us there around oneish? I was thinking you may want some company. Let me know. Love From Ginny. Hermione took a deep breath and stared down at the picture of him. The headline on the Prophet read, "Draco Malfoy's Release." The article that followed stated that his case had finally come to a close and after about roughly five years in Azkaban and only completing less than a fourth of his sentence he would be free. Something about insufficient evidence and that he'd been cleared of several charges. And blah blah blah. Hermione hadn't really cared about the details. It was the fact that he was getting out. She had no doubt it had a lot to do with the fact that the Malfoys could get out of anything really, given enough time. Classic snakes evading the consequences of their actions. Although she knew that the youngest Malfoy hadn't been guilty of everything he'd been charged with, she also knew without a reasonable doubt that he wasn't innocent either. She knew a few things about Draco Malfoy. He was a self preserving, manipulative, sneaky bastard. If it meant he could save his own skin, he would've said or done anything. It didn't matter who got hurt. And when his family was placed on the Dark Lord's shit list he had done just that. The apple didn't rot far from the tree and just like his parents, he had no remorse or loyalties. Xavier hurried back into the kitchen with a couple of owl biscuits clutched in his small pale fingers and let Ziggy peck them out of his hand as Hermione ripped half a page out of his coloring book and began searching for a writing utensil. It didn't occur to her she could have used a summoning charm to find one but her mind was so frazzled she simply grabbed one of Xavier's crayons and scribbled (literally) a quick response to her best friend. Xavier watched her with mild interest before his eyes wandered over to what his mother was holding in her hand. "Mummy, who's that man?" he asked leaning forward a little bit. Xavier was going to turn five in October which was still a ways away but the little fellow was curious about absolutely everything around him. It still shocked Hermione how much children comprehended about life. She quickly crumpled the newspaper clipping and pushed it into her lap before muttering a quick 'nobody' to her son. The morning went by rather quickly. Hermione finished making breakfast and turned on the cartoons for Xavier who sat on the couch sipping his orange juice. "I'm going to take a quick shower, love," Hermione said. "I'll be right out. Be good and don't spill that," she said pointing at the half full glass of juice. Xavier nodded, his eyes glazed over with weekend cartoons. She rolled her eyes with a small smile and took off down the hall. When the small boy heard the bathroom door shut he stood and walked back into kitchen. He sifted through the trash can until he found what he was looking for. A crumpled up newspaper clipping. The man's face fascinated him to a degree. He looked mean in all honesty and a little scary as he stared back at Xavier. His light eyes looked hallow, his sharp angular features chiseled and almost too thin. He looked like a ghost. Xavier stared at him for what seemed like a long time wondering why his mother had seemed so flustered and had remained too quiet as they ate. She really hadn't eaten at all. The man blinked every so often and then looked off to the side as if he couldn't be bothered with the camera. Xavier heard the shower turn off and quickly threw the clipping into the waste bin and hurried out of the kitchen, hopping back onto the couch. "Get ready Xavier. We're meeting your Aunt Ginny and James at the park in a couple of hours and I wanted to stop by the library to pick up that book I've been waiting for before we go," she called from down the hall. She dried her hair off with a wave of her wand and entered her bedroom. "Kay," was all her son said as he made his own way to his room. ... "Been waiting long?" Ginny asked. Her son James had found Xavier immediately and the two were already immersed in some type of game they'd invented. Hermione lifted her face out of her hands and sighed, standing so she could hug her best friend. The red headed witch hugged her tight and they stayed that way for a minute or two before they sat back down on the bench. Hermione moved her book to the opposite side of her to make room for Ginny. "Not too long," Hermione replied. In all honesty, she wasn't quite sure how long she'd been sitting there lost in her thoughts. There was a small silence that fell between the two women as they watched their children play. Sometimes Hermione wished they were still children themselves. Their upbringing had been anything but simple... But it had been simpler times. At least for a little while before the war had reared its' ugly head and taken all of their innocence away from them. "Harry at work?" Hermione asked trying to break the silence. It was the weekend but she knew he'd been taking on extra hours. The life of an Auror was anything but relaxing. He didn't have a lot of time to himself these days. "He and Ron went out with George for the afternoon," Ginny said, turning her body so she was facing Hermione. "Either way, I would've come by myself." Hermione nodded and found that her hands were fidgeting in her lap. Ginny reached over to still them. Hermione looked up and found blue eyes piercing her intently. "This changes nothing," Ginny said frankly. "Whether he gets out or ended up spending the rest of his life behind bars... It changes absolutely nothing," she repeated again firmly. Hermione took a moment to respond and tried to swallow the lump that had formed in her throat that morning. Of course it didn't. Why would it? He hadn't known the truth before he had been caught and was never told. And really, him being taken into custody had been a small blessing in itself cause it made it so Hermione never had to tell him. Ginny was the only one Hermione had confided in. She had even left the wizarding world before she'd been showing to avoid any unwanted attention. The tabloids always managed to find gossip on the Golden Trio after the war had ended. Everybody wanted to know the latest news about the war heroes. Hermione had wanted none of it. Especially in her condition. So she had left. Yet she found herself wondering how her dirt could possibly be kept swept under the rug. Was she simply going to keep this a secret forever? She thought about that for a moment. She could keep it a secret. Her and Xavier could live out their lives without anyone ever knowing the truth... But what then? What would happen when he went to school? It was