A/N: Disclaimer: None of this story is mine; not this chapter nor the rest. This is the only disclaimer I'm adding. Early Explanations and Warnings: Here are some things that this story WILL NOT include: Bashing: While some characters might not be featured as much as in canon (Ron, for example), I don't plan on bashing anyone. Dumbledore will be a good guy that's overworked and flawed just like every human. Ron will be a good guy with jealousy issues, but it won't cause him to start telling people Iris is dark, or to start using love potions, or god forbid become a Death Eater (seriously?). Throwaway Animagus: It won't be a main focus, but Iris will use her animagus form often. It will play an important part in Iris's fourth year and while not as important in the next years, it'll still be used often enough. It won't be there just to say "Oh look, my Harry's a phoenix and is oh-so-powerful, now let's never see it again." And no, Iris won't be a phoenix. If you despise animagus stuff, this might not be a story for you. Magical Vows: I know they're canon, but I'm honestly going to remove them from this story completely. It's just way too convenient. What's to stop Sirius from making a magical vow for his innocence? Or Harry during his trial? What's to stop Voldemort from forcing his followers to make them to never betray him? Or so many other things? "Magical Cores:" There won't be any stupid "Oh, my magical core is stronger than yours, accio Voldemort's heart." If anything, magic will be like playing music. There's no musical cores, but different people are more talented at certain pieces of music than others. I kinda look at magic the same way. Everybody could master transfiguration, but it's going to come a lot easier to certain people. With that said, no one is going to be the master of all kinds of magic. Iris will be mediocre in some, good in others, and maybe particularly talented in one or two. There will also be none of these: Lady Gryffindor-Ravenclaw-Hufflepuff-Potter-Black-Peverell-whateverthefuck, Gred, Forge, 'Mione, Dumbles, or other silly nicknames, annoying every other two words "twin-speak", super helpful Goblins, male slash, a lot of pointless fluff, harems, soul bonds, marriage contracts (where they actually play a part), s uper abused Harry/fem!Harry, t ime-travelling training, super OP trunks, blocks on her magic, super rich billionaire Iris. Some other things I'd like to talk about: "Morally Grey:" I really don't know if this is the right phrase, but whatever. Iris will always be good enough to never even consider switching to Voldemort's side. However, eventually, she won't be above bribery, torturing for information (on seriously evil people like Bellatrix), killing Death Eaters and their sympathizers (people like Umbridge), thievery of people shes doesn't like, etc. So while she will 100% be on the side that wants freedom and equality for all, she will do some very questionable things. Also, she's a bit of an asshole in the beginning of the story. Some might say it's unrealistic, but I think those people are forgetting what 14 year old teenagers are like. They're moody, they curse a lot, they're rebellious, they're reckless. With that said, she seriously mellows out before she even hits 15 years of age. Stations of Canon: While I'll keep plenty of them in a way, they will play out completely different. There's just no reason for Voldemort to suddenly not want the prophecy or to not kidnap Iris, or whatever. The difference will be in how things will play out. And I'll still be adding plenty of my own ideas. The horcrux hunt will play out differently, as will the last battle (though not the location). They'll be different deaths, and different ways of characters getting killed. I'm not going to have Remus get blasted through the Veil instead of Sirius, for example. They'll be no camping trip, that's for sure. And the horcruxes won't all be in the same places as canon. And the final duel between Voldemort and Iris will not be a simple rebound. And there'll still be plenty of stuff that happens that isn't even remotely in canon. But I won't put in bullshit reasons for certain things to happen. Tone: To be honest, the first few chapters are honestly too light-hearted for what I have planned. But I don't want to do a complete rewrite, so expect the first 4 or so chapters to be light-hearted, not very serious, and maybe even close to bordering crack if you've got a loose definition of a crackfic. After that though, expect it to not be as over the top. It's honestly all my fault. I was originally going to write two stories, one humor and not at all serious, and one serious story. Then I decided I didn't want to write two stories at one time, so I merged them. A mistake? Yep. Whoops. But what's done is done. Ancient Runes : It plays a big enough role in Iris' talents, but it won't overshadow the other branches of magic. Charms, your normal DADA stuff, Transfiguration, etc. will all still come first. Well, maybe Transfiguration will come behind Ancient Runes at a certain point, but what I'm saying is that I'm definitely not going to be forgetting about the other branches of magic. Romance: It will not be a main focus. It'll be pretty light, to be honest. That doesn't mean there won't be any, but do not go into this story expecting a lot of romance. As to the pairing, likely Iris/Fleur, but it's not set in stone — the fact that it's not set in stone is how light the romance will be. Iris/Fleur won't happen for a while either. They'll be friends for a year or two before romance is seriously considered. I also don't really believe in Harry/fem!Harry having a permanent pairing with their first relationship, so expect Fleur to date Bill for a bit and Iris to date another girl or two before Fleur. I don't know who Hermione will be with, but it definitely won't be Ron. OOC: Iris will be somewhat OOC, if not completely, to be honest. I hate passive Harry, so expect the opposite of a passive protagonist. Iris takes things into her own hands, way more than Harry, because she's sick of adults not doing shit about her problems. Because of this, expect Sirius to be more of a reckless uncle or older brother than a parent figure who tells her what to do. Powerful Iris: This is not going to be a super-Iris. Iris will eventually be powerful, yes, but she won't be OP. She'll be powerful when compared to the average wizard/witch. Even during the final duel with Voldemort, Iris will still be out-skilled. She won't be beating Voldemort or Bellatrix in an outright fair duel anytime soon, if ever. If she wants to come out ahead in duels against people like that, she'll have to rely on creativity, tricks up he sleeves, luck, the environment, etc. Speaking of "Iris:" I don't mind at all if you change the name of Iris. If you don't like it, feel free to download this fic via another website and change the name yourself with Find and Replace. I get that some people like different fem!Harry names. Triggers/Warnings: It's M-rated, expect seriously vulgar language, death, torture, and some horror. There'll be no rape scenes. Author's Notes: This will be BY FAR the longest author's notes section you'll see. Most chapters will have none or 1 - 3 small paragraphs Credit for the cover picture I used for this story goes to Mu-An from Deviantart. The artwork is called Inara Issenth. Chapter One A Date With Fate 1994, October 31, Hogwarts. "Iris Potter!" God damn it. She knew it. She bloody well knew it. The moment it was announced that the drawing would be held on Halloween, Iris had groaned and slammed her head down on the table. She repeated this action, just now, when her name was finally pulled from the Goblet of Fire. She had told nearly them all. Hermione, Ron, the twins, Neville, Ginny, McGonagall, Dumbledore, even Snape — of all people! She told every single one of them and a few more as well that she was going to be somehow involved in this tournament. A troll, a basilisk, a raving murdering lunatic. Sirius might have not been a murderer, but Iris still considered him a raving lunatic, but in an affectionate kind of way. "No!" came a voice from her right and she recognized it as Ron's. "Sorry, Mr. Weasley?" said a voice belonging to Dumbledore, a man Iris profoundly respected. Though, she wondered just how competent of a headmaster he really was if yet again, her life was at stake. "Uh, nothing." he said, giving Iris an apologetic look. "Tears of appreciation are pouring out at your determination and loyalty, Ron," Iris muttered sarcastically. "I'm sorry, but Ronald's right, headmaster," Hermione said evenly to gasps. Even Dumbledore's eyebrows rose. "Iris has warned you and a few of the other teachers as well. She did not enter her name into the Goblet." "Be that as it may, I'm afraid she'll still need to head into the other room. We will sort this all out later," Dumbledore said, unusually grave. "More like I'm going to end up fixing this bloody school's problems yet again," Iris muttered apparently not low enough as she heard Ron and a few others who knew of her 'adventures' snicker. "They'll be nothing to fix, I'm sure," Dumbledore said. "Quirrell, Basilisk, Dementors," Iris muttered loud enough for just Dumbledore to hear. Dumbledore smiled sheepishly. Iris took the paper containing her name in her own writing, obviously ripped off an assignment I turned in , she thought. She made her way to the antechamber and entered. The three champions stood before her and suddenly she felt incredibly inadequate. Viktor Krum stood looking menacing near the fireplace and Iris knew the comparisons between her flying skills and his would be made now that she was in the tournament, if they had not already been made. Cassius Warrington was in his seventh year and the actual Hogwarts champion. He had short black hair except for the top which was a little longer, a strong jaw, a straight nose, and was handsome. She didn't doubt for one second that Slytherin would hate her more than ever. Perhaps the rest of the school too, she had always heard Cassius was one of the Slytherins that most of the rest of the school was okay with. And in one of the chairs, sat Fleur Delacour. No doubt she was far more than just a pretty face, but Iris knew there would be comparisons there as well. Perhaps not in the Daily Prophet but amongst her fellow students. And did she even compare? Fleur looked like a goddess. Iris? Iris felt she was too skinny from her summer of malnutrition and her curves were nowhere near those of the French girl's. Her black hair felt boring compared to Fleur's silvery-blonde. The only thing she felt she had on Fleur was her eyes, which were a vibrant violent compared to Fleur's ocean blue — even there, it wasn't much of an improvement. She sighed. "What is it?" Fleur asked in her accent."Do zey want us to go back outside?" "Yep," Iris lied. She had to stifle a giggle as the three moved from their positions and walked towards the door. When the door burst open just as Viktor Krum reached for the handle, he was sent tumbling down the stairs. He let out a low pitiful moan that caused Iris to laugh before she clapped her hands over her mouth. He glared at her but that only made it harder to keep a straight face. Cassius was looking at her as if she had just