Staring at my reflection in the mirror. A face framed with black strands of hate. Tears leaked from my eyes as i continued to stare. A thunderous knock on the door. I did not jump. Noises outside the tower were constant, loud noises that, when i was young, terrified me. "Mira!" A loud voice erupted from the other side of my door. Slowly turning my head. "Unlock the door!" The voice was angry. I assumed it was The King of the Death Riders. I made my way over. Hitting the lock with two fingers allowing him to enter. "My lord..." I bowed my head to him lowly. Two Goblins followed him into my chamber. "Are they truly necessary?" I ask, turning back to sit at my vanity. The wooden frame rough to touch, but such intricate designs forbade me from tossing it aside for a new one. "Yes...They are" His hallow face spoke, his torso invading my mirror. "Your father calls for you" I glance towards the door. The Goblins make cackling noises to one another. "They are to escort you through the yard" His long robes follow behind him in a trail. "I have been through the yard on my own before" He hesitates at the doorway, but continues. "Do as you are told!" He shouts back to me. I stand. Long black dress hanging from my shoulders. I march through the haunted yard. Goblins and Orc screeching and clawing at one another. "Lady Mira!" One Orc calls and all others turn to look at me walk through the crowds. My dress dragging on the ground behind my steps. The Goblins sent to escort me sequel as as Orc approaches. Jagged blades drawn they step to my sides, guarding me from the much stronger opponent. "Enough..." I simply say as the Goblins retreat back to their spot behind me. The Orc remains in place, eyeing me. I glance at him as i walk past. It is a hard thing to imagine, Orc, being the result of tortured and betrayed Elves. The Elves so graceful and romantic, Orcs... blood thirsty and it never stops. I suppose i understand why they act as they do; It was my father who captured them, and tortured them, tis only I that kept their hearts beating whilst they prayed for their deaths. I, Mirathin of the horrid lands, allowed their bodies to disfigure, allowed their souls to taint. Most look at me with a longing that would go unanswered, until their orders were to lead them to their deaths. Others; Looked at me like i had ruined their lives, single-handed. It was the look i had expected from most of them. Strangely Some approach me when i walk alone. One time in particular I remember clearly, He looked me dead in the eyes and said three simple words i though i would never hear from a Orc. 'I forgive you' His words caught me so off guard that i was delayed and punished my the Death Rider king and my father. My hand instinctively went to the scar on my arm. Covered by the sleeve of the dress, but known of by everyone. The Tower housing my father and his high comrades, was across the yard from mine. The towers identical in every aspect, except one. Mine, deep in the lower halls where none enter, is the chamber where the Elves are taken to begin their tainting. I have on numerous occasions spoken up about my displeasure on the act being directly below me as i sleep, but it resulted in yet another scar. "Step back!" One of the Goblins following me bellowed in a rough rasping voice. An Orc had taken it upon himself to follow us. "She is under a dead line to meet with our Lords" The Goblin coughed out the words. "It is alright, a moment will not harm" I made my way to the Orc. "Yes?" His upper lip twitched showing a sharpened fang. "My lady..." His voice rougher than the Goblins. Scars covered this poor creatures body. His chest bare showing more scars than i remember treating. A sick feeling began to swell in my stomach. The Orc bowed to one knee before me. I reached out, having the hands of the Goblins reach out to stop me. "Away..." I say gently to the two Goblins. They take a step back. I grab the Orc's arm and usher him to his feet. "You need not bow to me...Tis I who should bow to you..." I tuck my ankle behind the other and curtsy, bowing my head to the Orc. "Mira!" For the first time, since i was a child, i jumped. The voice was threatening and dangerous. "What did i tell you?!" He grabbed my arm and pulled me towards himself. Loosing my balance, being held up by his tight grip on my arm. "Do as you are told or you shall endure the same punishment as them...except no one will be there to heal you" He spat at the ground in front of my feet after he pushed me away. "My lord..." I bowed my head to the Rider King. The low snarling of the Orc came from several from around us. A smile crept across my lips. "But, perhaps it is you, who should do as you are told...especially outside your realm" giving me a flash of rotten teeth the Rider King turns, robes flying in a half circle as he storms back to the second tower. I lift my head high and follow. Inside the tower, the screeches and roars of the Goblins and Orc's are muffled significantly. At a round table sits My father, the Rider King, Mongu Tamer, and a few others i fail to recognize. "Father, My lords" I bow my head to the men sitting around the table. I remain standing by the doorway. "Mirathin...your work with the Elves has been great. But, I fear you tend to them to kindly" I tilt my head, not fully understanding. "I believe they could be more blood thirsty. I want them to crave the flesh of man more than anything" I open my eyes wide with shock. "I fear that is not possible. If i do not treat them with the compassion i do, I fear they will not listen to any commands and...My lords, you are all man, you all will bare the flesh they crave" I try reasoning with the timid men. "My Mongu are more vicious than the Orc you heal" My mouth hangs ajar. "Your Mongu are beasts...My Orc, must fight against them in the midst of fighting their enemy in order to control them...Forgive me, but i will not treat them with anything less than the compassion you deprive them of" I stand tall, head sitting high on my shoulders. "You may be compassionate, but you are correct" My father speaks just as the Rider king is about to retort. "The Orc's healing will remain the same...If that is all, you are dismissed" MY father gestures to the door. "I wish to replace my Goblin guards with members of the Orc...They are much stronger and if you care for my well-being as much as i think, this request will not fall onto deaf ears" I speak my case quietly. "Replace the Goblin for Orc?" The Rider King asks, as if the request is too much. "My lord...she requests more authority within the ranks, First it is the replacement of her guard, and then it will be the lead of your Mongu, then Riders, and then you" "Silence yourself!" MY father appeared to have yelled at the Rider King, but i was mistaken. "Mira, you will not get anything" I swallowed hard, awaiting the newest scar to join my collection. "But my lord...It is soon my visit to Granhail...Mother wishes that I be more protected on the.." I was quickly interrupted. "No...You will not leave your tower unless it is to come here" My father stated flatly. Narrowing my eyes at him. "You promised me and mother I would be granted a one month visit to see her if i did as i was told...And i have, against everything i believe I created you those tortured souls..." My father stood. The smile creeping onto the faces of every man that sat at the table. "You dare speak out against me?" I stand my ground against him. "I dare speak out for my freedom!" I state coldly. The sharp pain slams across my face. Tears forming in my eyes as i glare up at him. My hunched body a reaction to the punishment. "Do not speak out against your Lord!" He bellows into my face. A cackle erupts from the Mongu tamer. He enjoys my pain. "I will not sit idly by while I am forced to hurt innocent creatures for your gain!" I reassert myself. "I still remember the promise...When i get married, You will no longer have a say in my life" I storm from the tower. Eyes piercing my back. My two Goblins scurrying behind me as I run through the yard. The dry cracked ground creating small puffs of dust at my pressure. Orcs and Goblins watch as i run to my castle. "She needs to be tamed...My lord..." The Mongu tamer states in a menacing tone. His throat scratching his words. Fully knowing with what his request would grant, The high Lord thinks. "I...could...tame her..." He snickers at the thought. "My Lord...A simple beating has been repeated against her...her constant rebellious behaviour against not only myself, but you as well is anything but needed" Pondering the request he gives a simple nod. "She should not have made it to her tower yet...go and meet her" Slowly making his way to the large opening, he watches as she runs away. My body shakes...I curl myself into a corner staring at my torn clothing in the corner of the room. The sheets messy and thrown about in the struggle. Blood stains not only the sheets, but my arms as the knife held against my throat cut deep into my flesh. Arms covered in sweat and shame. Examining the gash on my throat, i could not stop my thoughts from wishing it had just killed me. Tears streaming down my face as he abandoned my chambers. "Oh...now what happened here?" I jump, cowering in the corner of my room. Hands hugging my legs to my chest, in an attempt to protect what little of myself was left pure; not that i ever thought of myself as a pure being. The smug expression plastered across his face went from the broken belongings of mine, to the bed and then to my cowering position. Glaring up at the Rider King. He approached making me hug myself tighter. "If you are here to break me...you are too late..." I muffle a sob into my arm, biting against the flesh. Pain is the only thing i deserve. "Now, now...I am here to tell you the grand news! You will be allowed to visit your mother" Horror stricken faced, i shake my head. "No? But i thought you wanted to go?" His words slithered around the room, forcing my body to shake more. "No...I do not want to see her...I do not deserve it" I hang my head staring at my now tainted body covered in undressing. "Good! A new shipment of Elves are coming tonight, i expect you to be ready for them" The same smile crawling across his face as if it were him who had taken away my pride. "Your father wants to see you once you are ready" He slimes his way from my chamber leaving me to cry. Slowly i rose. Pain erupted from within. Holding my stomach in pain i reached for a new dress. Black and without a light. I made my way to the yard. Slowly, i walked across the yard, the two goblins following.