Pairing: Aragorn/Boromir Rating: M Warnings: Language, slash, mentions of rough sex, non-explicit sex scenes (all consensual!) Disclaimer: These characters/places do not belong to me. All written in good fun with no offence intended! Author's Note: So, the Fellowship spent 'days uncounted' in Lothlorien, but for the purposes of this story, I have stretched it out a little longer in the Golden Wood, perhaps a week or two, though it's not explicitly mentioned. For Geale, who well and truly set the ball rolling in my mind for this (I will convert you!) :) Enjoy! Old Habits. After a year, most people would begin to call it a relationship. But it wasn't. It wasn't really anything. And yet, it certainly wasn't nothing . And what it was exactly, neither of them could really say, for they had never spoken to each other about it, or thought about it much, and generally went about their own daily business as normal. Except every now and again, they would find themselves waking together, or finding an excuse to go out riding to some out of the way refuge and just so happening to get lost on the way. Going back to one another again and again. But it wasn't really a relationship. It was just a sort of thing . Boromir made absolutely no secret of the fact he was courting any number of well-bred and well to do ladies of the city, though in private he had admitted he found these particular ladies' conversation so un-academic it made even his head hurt. Tiring of this he would usually seek out Faramir for company, though the younger man was now so enraptured with Eowyn that Boromir wasn't sure if his banter was any better. Aragorn had Arwen who was not yet his wife, but whom he apparently had had another thing with, though he had said one evening, quietly, a long time ago now, that he didn't believe they would marry. They certainly were not in love. And however long this thing carried on, Boromir knew he would never love Aragorn. Or if he did he wasn't going to do something so idiotic as admit it. Keeping your distance meant no pain later. And there wouldn't be any pain, because he wasn't in love, and as Aragorn wasn't in love with him either then what did it matter? Bloody Rangers. It had started in Lothlorien. Or Rivendell, to be utterly precise. Bloody Elves. Actually, they'd had a slight difference of opinion in Rivendell, so that didn't count. Right. Forget that. So, in Lothlorien-…well, it was in Moria that it really started… Boromir didn't think about these things; you don't tend to dwell on such matters when you're not really bothered. His lady friend this evening was whittering on about poetry or something, and his mind tended to wander, that was all. Love, he thought, was a load of stuff and nonsense. Better not to get mixed up in it. Leave it for Faramir, who by all accounts was completely smitten and generally an utter pest to be around right now. He was happy. But so was Boromir. Happy and listening to poetry and daydreaming about Aragorn again. As for Aragorn, he tried not to think of Boromir much when they were apart. He thought mainly of Arwen and the slow decline of their relationship. And when he couldn't think of that anymore, that's when he went in search of Boromir. But it was not too often, not enough to let himself think that he had any feelings for the man above good friendship. And he didn't want Boromir getting any ideas, though he knew that was unlikely. If he could get away with it, Aragorn knew that Boromir would have no qualms over actually kicking him out of the bed in the morning. But as it was, as dawn broke, the one whose room is was not departed without a word, sometimes without waking the other at all. It was easier that way. No mess. Arwen knew about it, probably, but it was merely a symptom and not the cause of their drifting apart. The sea was calling, and Aragorn was letting her go little by little, as she closed her heart to him in equal increments. Her gaze turned ever West, as Aragorn's turned ever toward Boromir, though he would likely deny it if caught looking. Boromir was a constant, and would never leave the City. It wasn't that they'd never been in love. When Aragorn was young, and Arwen already centuries older but of course, still ageless, they had loved each other with the same fire and fervour and indomitable spirit of any lovers in the spring of their relationship. But winter beckoned, and closing her eyes and turning West upon the balcony of their bedroom she could feel the sea breeze and taste salt on her lips. The gulls cried out to her. She missed her father, her brothers and her people. And she would miss Aragorn, in the end, which is why she had hesitated. Aragorn had spoken of it, once, to Boromir, the closest they'd ever come to discussing anything to do with feelings. There had been no time for talk, as usual, during the act, and there was generally no preamble to it either. Aragorn had the key to Boromir's chambers after all, and the general routine after locking it again behind him was to divest himself of his clothes and climb into the bed silently. There were no kisses, or words of endearment, and though Aragorn wasn't bothered either way he knew Boromir would probably slap him if he tried any. Sometimes, in lighter moods, he thought of adding 'dearest' to a sentence just to see Boromir's face. But he had not been in a lighter mood this night. And afterwards, when Boromir had turned over as usual to sleep, he'd lain on his back, awake for some time, before speaking suddenly, only half-sure that Boromir was conscious. "She is leaving me, Boromir." There was a movement, and a breath that was almost an acknowledgement, but otherwise no response. Aragorn didn't mind. Even if he was asleep Boromir was the only one he could talk to about this. He realised suddenly that after Arwen, Boromir was the person he was closest to, though it was a distant closeness they had created, one where there were certain, unspoken rules of how to behave. And no talking after sex was one of them. He lowered his voice, the rule-breaking a little less blatant this way. "She will sail soon. She agrees with me that our love has faded, it's friendship, now, if that. But I don't want to think about never seeing her again." He closed his eyes and thought of sleeping for a while before leaving for his own rooms. After a moment, there came a voice in the dark. "If I'd known you were feeling like this I wouldn't have been so…you know, rough." Awkward, and the nearest Boromir had come to anything resembling or acknowledging affection. Then, after some thought; "I'm sorry." "It's alright." Aragorn murmured. "And we don't talk about these things, do we?" He opened his eyes, adding softly. "I liked it." "You always like it." Boromir yawned but otherwise didn't move. "Reminds me of-…well, it helps me forget. Forget her, and remember you." "Aragorn-" Boromir began, fearful of how close Aragorn was getting to a compliment, how close they were getting, but the King seemed to content himself with this, placing a hand on the younger man's shoulder and silencing him. "Goodnight, Boromir." In Moria, to stave off the cold, Aragorn had turned over and buried his face between Boromir's neck and shoulder, and his arms had wound their way around him slowly, sleepily, and Boromir had surprised himself by letting him. It was bloody cold. And dark, and all the rest. Afterwards, as they trudged on, it seemed impossible to him that this strange, wild man, this Ranger, who now strode ahead of him, watchful, wary, eerily confident in his abilities as a survivor, would need to curl himself around another in the night-time. And Boromir himself deliberately acted aloof about the whole thing, and pretty much ignored Aragorn for the rest of the day, pitch black though it still was. The second night was just as cold, and Boromir was secretly rather glad that Aragorn returned to him after taking watch, and as they lay together his cold hands slid beneath Boromir's tunic, for warmth, of course, and they breathed in the scent of each others' unwashed hair. Not romantic at all, but a beginning. And Boromir wasn't exactly one for romance anyway. He knew about Arwen leaving. He'd known for a while, or, at least suspected it. He knew when Aragorn came to him after being with her, for he would be wilder than usual, needing to forget, and his fingernails would dig into Boromir's arm and he sometimes even bit him, on the shoulder, or neck. Not too hard, but Boromir liked it anyway. Their lovemaking was never languid, relaxed; it was fast and a little rough, and though neither of them finished too quickly it was a fury of heat and lust and frustration. They were too similar, Boromir knew, and they sparked off of one another. In fact it wasn't really lovemaking at all; it was fucking, and it was fucking glorious. He wondered, sometimes, how Aragorn was with Arwen. Was he gentle? He presumed so. This didn't count as thinking about Aragorn, he'd tell himself, knowing full well that it did. Did Aragorn and Arwen even sleep together anymore? It didn't bother him. The thing between him and Aragorn, well, you can't enforce monogamy on something that doesn't officially exist. This was another unspoken rule, and one he followed with enthusiasm, though lately he found sleeping with these witheringly dull ladies less appealing than before. It had begun to worry him just how many times in the day he would catch himself thinking about things he shouldn't. Like Aragorn, and the fact that he might have become fond of him, just a little. "I could…love you." "Do you?" "…No." "Good." Boromir schooled his features into a neutral expression, heart still jumping a little at Aragorn's unexpected comment. The King sat on the side of the bed, half-dressed, his back to Boromir. "You know, just because you're the King doesn't mean you can say things like that." Scare me half to death, why don't you? "I'm sorry." Aragorn's turn to apologise now, though it was days since Boromir's mumbled, post-coital words. Gods, perhaps they were seeing too much of each other, Boromir thought. They were getting too close, too comfortable. But he didn't want to be the one to end it, and deep down, he didn't really want it to end at all. But he wasn't bothered. Not at all. "Look," He half sat up in the bed, leaning on an elbow. "If you want to talk, lets talk. Or at least turn around, I've done nothing but look at the back of your head all night." It had been Boromir on top, this time, and the teeth marks on Aragorn's shoulder were still visible. He felt like reaching out to him, running his fingers down Aragorn's smooth back, pulling him back into the bed, and not even for sex. He wanted to wrap his arms around him and kiss his neck, his jaw, his mouth. This was getting ridiculous; they didn't bloody kiss. But he had an awful feeling that Aragorn would let him if he tried. "Thank you, but…I will go." Aragorn stood, and his voice seemed so sad that Boromir, instead of turning over as usual, indifferent and sleepy, furrowed his brow as Aragorn pulled his shirt back on. "She's leaving very soon, isn't she? She's told you when." "Aye." Aragorn looked around at him, gaze difficult to hold. "Aye." He half-smiled, and ran a