Pairing: Faramir/Aragorn Rating: M Warnings: Semi-explicit slash, though nothing above an M rating. Disclaimer: The characters do not belong to me; all written in good fun with no offence intended :) Beta: None. Please tell me of any errors! Author's note: Something short and hopefully sweet :) I hope you enjoy! Summary: Some situations are just plain awkward, hungover or not. Faramir was snoring, face buried in the pillow, arm hanging off the side of the bed, blankets twisted around his legs where he'd kicked them off in the night. He was naked too, which made the whole thing all the more impossible. Aragorn was sitting up in the bed, his half of the covers spread carefully across his lap, dignity thus far needlessly protected. There was no-one else in the room, of course. And Faramir had already seen everything anyway. As had Aragorn. The creases in the corners of Faramir's eyes, the freckles on his back. The way he bit his lip when Aragorn began undressing. Aragorn was stuck. Previous attempts to move had just worsened the pounding in his head until he was forced to sit perfectly still, eyes half shut, hoping his headache would pity him and subside, and hoping against all reasonable hope that Faramir would not wake up. Not now, not yet. It was all rather awkward in the sobering early hours. Faramir coughed, once, then rolled over onto his side, facing Aragorn. He had somehow freed one leg from the tangle of the bed sheets. Aragorn suddenly became aware of just how close his backside was to Faramir's head, and he shifted cautiously, slowly. His head thumped. Faramir slipped an arm across his lap, fingers dancing on the skin of his thigh. Aragorn stilled, placing a hand awkwardly on Faramir's shoulder. He felt somehow out of place, that he shouldn't be here, which was of course the truth. The King and the Steward, sharing a bed. It wasn't exactly the done thing. It was still early. The window shutters let in a sliver of cold sunlight, a strip of pale dawn that slid across Faramir's ribs and shoulders, bounced off Aragorn's stomach and chest, shone accusingly in his eye. He squinted in the glare. It would pass soon enough. The heat from Faramir's body was insane; the man was like an oven. Aragorn had commented on it in the night. There'll be no need to send for extra firewood in the winter , he'd joked, if you are here with me . It was almost a promise, an invitation, some sort of hope. Faramir had looked over his shoulder at him and smiled. Winter was months away and the implication had not been lost on him. Aragorn wanted to discard the blankets entirely now, kick them off furiously like Faramir had done, but that would mean being both hung-over and naked and he couldn't handle that yet. He remembered Faramir's lopsided smile, his laugh. How shy he'd been and how quickly he'd forgotten his nerves, forgotten himself, and kissed him back. How his hands had shaken. It had been a month since the coronation. A month , and here they were. Sleepy and sober. It was outrageous, Aragorn thought, unspeakable. They barely knew each other. He did not know when Faramir's birthday was. Faramir would not be able to guess Aragorn's preferences regarding pipe-weed. He leant back and let the carved wood of the headboard dig into his shoulder blades. He had decided he was allowed to make excuses this morning; there was certainly little coherent explanation for the previous night. They had cried out in unison, dissonant, Faramir's voice cracking. Aragorn had been unable to open his eyes to see Faramir's face. The noise emanating from his throat had not seemed his own. His shoulders hurt so he shifted again, sliding down into the bed, lying awkwardly on his back, staring up at the ceiling. Faramir aligned himself along Aragorn's body, arm over his chest, face buried in the darkness of his hair. He held Aragorn so gently, fitted against him so contentedly, unconsciously doing everything to make Aragorn's heart twist. Aragorn's arms remained by his sides. It was too difficult. He told himself he didn't want to wake Faramir by sliding an arm around him in return. He told himself that was the reason why he lay so still while Faramir snored quietly in his ear with an arm draped over him, fingers resting in the spaces between his ribs. He hated himself, then, at that moment. For not knowing what he wanted, or what he should do. He'd been awake for some time, and too afraid to let Aragorn know. Too afraid to speak to the man who'd coiled his tongue around his a few hours before. His stomach churned from the hangover and from the terror of the unknown. This was the worst part. Rejection usually came hand in hand with the dawn. Aragorn had lain down beside him again, and Faramir decided to test the waters. Feign sleep, move over and see if his embrace was returned. It wasn't. Aragorn lay as still as the dead. Maybe he was pretending to be asleep too. It was a forlorn hope, and Faramir knew it. He'd half expected this, or rather, he'd half hoped, however fleetingly, that this time would be different although he knew full well how ridiculous that was. Aragorn was the King. They had both been drunk. Very drunk. That was all. Aragorn would get up, go to the bathroom, and Faramir could slip out of the bed and into his clothes and out of the Royal bedchamber and they could be awkward around each other forevermore. He'd be left unable to look Aragorn in the eye although he'd barely been able to do that before now anyway. The King . Not Aragorn. He needed to remember that. Elessar . The King had a scar on his elbow shaped like a crescent moon, the hair on his chest was darker than Faramir's, and his freckles not nearly so numerous. One or two, here and there. Faramir had constellations on his back, the King had said, or something like that. The King had looked at Faramir, all of Faramir, for a long time. The King had touched him with a fingertip. The King had bitten his lip, too. Faramir felt foolish. His face was in Aragorn's hair and the scent reminded him of last night. Aragorn had looked at him, and Faramir had looked at Aragorn, and they had come to a telepathic agreement that getting out of entertaining these dignitaries was a brilliant idea. His slurred excuse was barely acknowledged. It had been late anyway. Aragorn had pushed him out of the door and they had laughed together in the corridor, formalities forgotten, leaning on each other as they swayed drunkenly. They had walked to Aragorn's chambers and Aragorn had watched him from the corner of his eye as he spoke of some nonsense, whatever it is that comes out of your mouth when you have put too much ale in. He liked the King from what little he had known of him. The endless duties that come with reorganising a kingdom had kept them both busy beyond belief, with little time for anything other than formality. The King had chided him gently over titles in a rare, spare, moment but he still couldn't bring himself to call him Aragorn unless they were alone. Last night was the first time; Aragorn had been Aragorn, and other things besides. And he was Faramir, Steward of Gondor and Prince of Ithilien and he was so lonely it made his stomach twist. Faramir's breathing had changed. Only just, but enough. Aragorn knew he was awake. Paralysis was a funny thing. If he moved now, he would need to explain, and he did not have an explanation. What Faramir wanted out of this was plain; although now, if he truly was awake, he would already have come to some conclusion as to Aragorn's state of mind. So now, an awkward pretence of sleep, a last memory of skin and heat. Ten more minutes of togetherness before real life came knocking. Damnit. He liked Faramir. He liked him a lot. He was devastatingly intelligent, witty, charming once you got him opened up and to stop calling you by your title. He'd seemed almost taken aback by Aragorn's honest and open friendship. Aragorn had wanted to get to know him better and now he knew that all of the hair on his body was the same ruddy auburn as the hair on his head. He was slender, lean underneath the Stewards' finery. Supple. Aragorn had liked that too. There was no explanation for last night. He didn't know why he'd suddenly slid his hands about Faramir's face and kissed him mid-sentence. He'd kicked the bedroom door shut behind them and when Faramir turned to face him he'd decided that was a good idea. Faramir hadn't kissed him back, not right away. Aragorn could feel Faramir's shock, how his body stiffened, how his hands reached up to rest in the crooks of Aragorn's elbows in feeble protest. For show really. It would do to show some doubt. Aragorn had to get up. He needed space and time to think, even if it was only for a minute, and even if it was only in the bathroom. Leaving Faramir in the bed was harder than he thought it would be. He slid out from under his arm and watched as it rested on the mattress, embracing the memory of warmth. Faramir would think Aragorn was doing him a kindness, allowing him the chance to escape without embarrassment. He padded quickly over to his bathroom, a small adjoining chamber with a another door, locked, to the far side which allowed servants to deliver hot water without disturbing the occupants of the bedroom. Or, in Aragorn's case, the occupant . But the King would never admit that he was lonely. He looked back once before slipping into the bathroom. Faramir hadn't moved, still asleep, or pretending to sleep. Aragorn left the door ajar. Now. Go. He's letting you leave without having to actually say anything to him. Faramir sat up, head swimming, feeling atrocious. His insides somersaulted. Aragorn had brushed the hair from his face and kissed him goodnight on the forehead, and now he was hiding in the bathroom hoping Faramir would be gone when he returned. What on earth was last night all about? Why had he dared hope that Aragorn would still want him in the morning? He remembered the look on Aragorn's face, that barely-restrained desire, the volatile lust, before he'd buried his head between Faramir's legs and licked him. He shivered, and pulled the covers up around himself. It was cold in the bed now. He decided he would be awkward. He would wait until Aragorn returned. He would speak to him. There would at least be a proper ending. He deserved that at least. Then he would leave and he would probably be sent away or banished or something, which was fine because it meant he wouldn't have to deal with any of this. He desperately wanted a drink of water, but for the moment the bathroom was off-limits. He didn't have to wait long. "Faramir-…!" Aragorn stood in the bathroom doorway, having not expected the other man to have given up on mock-sleep so soon. Faramir was sitting up, looking at him, not unkindly, arms folded, blankets pulled up to his chest. His eyes darted involuntarily down Aragorn's unclothed body. Aragorn didn't know what else to say and so sat down on the bed on Faramir's side and looked at his hands. Faramir shifted to accommodate him, his feet brushing against the small of Aragorn's back. "Aragorn." It was said simply in reply, and as the silence stretched between them Faramir found it impossible not to fidget. He rubbed his eye,