Pairing: Faramir/Aragorn Rating: (A very mild) M Warnings: Slash, fluff, mild sexual scenes and one use of crude language. Disclaimer: None of these characters belong to me. All written in good fun with no offence intended! Author's Note: I am fully aware that this is utter nonsense and that the word 'plot' can really only be used very loosely in this case. Hope you enjoy! Cold Feet. Here is a list of the things Aragorn can see: a fireplace that is more smoke than fire, though it is hot so he does not bother to stoke it; a large painting hung upon the far wall of pines and the river and the sunset, greens and purples and oranges, though it is not his room so he has no further knowledge of the image, but he supposes it to be Ithilien; a stack of books upon the floor, topmost of which is dog-eared and much-read, with a title inscribed in such looping and faded script that it is nigh unreadable in the firelight; and finally, closest to him and most pleasant of all, the parting of coppery-blonde hair, a neat line in an otherwise rough and tangled sea, from crown to forehead upon the head of his dear friend Faramir. It is Faramir's drawing room, and in it, next to the hearth, is a large and comfortable chaise longue, upholstered in dark green velvet and standing upon four sturdy oak legs. Upon this sits Aragorn, and upon Aragorn leans Faramir, though it would be presumptuous, nay, scandalous to suggest any untoward goings-on. Familiarity does not necessitate intimacy, necessarily. And there are many types of intimacy, some more subtle than others. If Aragorn is absently winding a strand of Faramir's hair around one finger while he reads then who is to say it has any significance other than the combination restless hands and a close friendship? Faramir does not notice, or perhaps, Faramir does notice but he doesn't react, for he is dozing with his book lying open in his lap, pages tinted orange by the fire, one bare foot upon the couch, the other dangling. To say he is leaning on Aragorn is slightly inaccurate though not wholly untrue. 'Lying upon' is perhaps a more fitting description, though, in the pursuit of precision, 'half on, half off' might be used instead. The young man drifts deeper into sleep, and the knuckle-wound strand is released and captured once more, spiralling over a callus and a glinting ring. Aragorn is comfortable; he is not wearing the stiff Royal fashion on this evening, but a simple shirt, breeches, a belt of woven, black leather. Faramir wears what is possibly a nightshirt in actuality, and his legs are bare, though he has deigned to don an undergarment this evening. The hem of his shirt maintains his modesty, in any case. Scandal is overrated, and the door is locked, so there is nothing for prying eyes or sharp ears to record and spread. Aragorn and Faramir are close friends, that is all, and if Faramir had been convinced to abandon his notion of an early night by the arrival of his King at his door, books in tow, then what of it indeed? It at least explains the nightclothes and the lethargy. Aragorn begins to read out loud, softly though, for slight guilt is harboured at keeping Faramir from his bed, and he does not wish to disturb him further. The elven words slip from his tongue, delicate, smooth, lilting in their poetry. Faramir only breathes deeper and turns his cheek to rest against his King's chest. Aragorn continues, telling the slumbering Faramir of star-crossed Eldar lovers and the songs they sang to one another in the midst of golden forests. Faramir's breathing does not change, and he does not stir. Aragorn's hand slips from his hair and comes to rest in the curve between Faramir's neck and shoulder, and that is how the two men remain for many long minutes. When Faramir awakes the only sound he hears is the low crackling of the fire, now blazing merrily and comparatively smoke free. He does not turn, or speak; he merely makes note of three things and considers them silently. The first thing is the comfortable quiet of the room; he wonders perhaps that the words he heard were simply a product of his dream, now ebbing too fast to recall, though he thinks of gilt-edged leaves inexplicably. The second is the warmth; the heat of the fire, and the deep, seeping, steady heat of the body he leans against. Aragorn's heat. The third is the hand that rests over his chest, Aragorn's loose embrace, a slip of his arm as he himself felt the text before him blur as drowsiness overtook him as well. Faramir realises that this is really not an entirely appropriate way for the King and the Steward to arrange themselves when alone together, dozing or otherwise. But if Aragorn doesn't mind, then neither does he. They were comfortable with one another, and there was never any awkwardness, nor any hesitation or strange, questioning glances between them. In fact, the glances between them were of a different sort, though they were in themselves so fleeting and transient and without definition that neither man could have confirmed that they even occurred. Tactility, an arm over shoulders, a stray lock of hair pushed from grey eyes, a brief, soft kiss upon a copper-whiskered cheek. These things didn't happen too often, but they occurred nonetheless; naturally, unconsciously and publicly. "Forgive me, Faramir." Aragorn yawns suddenly, shifting. He lifts his hand from his Steward's chest but lets it rest upon his shoulder, and Faramir finds himself experiencing odd relief that it is not removed entirely. "I keep you from your bed only to fall asleep on your couch myself." Faramir looks up and around at Aragorn, and the King smiles at him, eyes half-shut in sleepy content. The angles of Faramir's face are set into sharp relief then by the firelight, and Aragorn feels a strange new fire kindle within him, somewhere deep down. He tries to dismiss it as familiarity, his high regard for a dear friend indeed. But even deeper down he knows it's nothing of the sort. "Nonsense, my lord, I have enjoyed this interlude," Faramir smiles, his use of the title more of an endearment between them now than any indication of formality. "For what portion of it that I was awake, I should add." A soft laugh from the King, and Faramir finally, and he finds, a little reluctantly, sits up to allow the older man to rise, which he doesn't do, not immediately. Instead, Aragorn sets his book upon the pile next to the couch and holds his hand out for Faramir's tome, which he duly hands over, vague puzzlement dancing over his features for a moment. "I enjoy spending time with you, Faramir." Aragorn was arranging and rearranging his hands in his lap, nervous, perhaps, and Faramir looks at him quizzically. "And I, you." The younger man pulls at the lower edge of his shirt, suddenly and unexpectedly self-conscious. The King seems on the edge of asking a question, but he halts, and if Faramir wasn't deceived by the low light or his own sleep-affected mind he might say that Aragorn was blushing. Aragorn himself was unsure. What he wanted to ask was difficult, impossible, but he had to ask. Of course, if he was wrong … Disastrous didn't quite cover it. "I…I will leave you to sleep, my Steward." He can't do it. Instead, Aragorn reaches over and cups Faramir's cheek with his palm gently, fingers encroaching into the auburn tangle, before he withdraws and rises finally. "Can I also leave the books?" The corner of his mouth twitches. Faramir looks up at him and smiles. "I think you know the answer to that." "Quite." That soft laugh again and one of those ephemeral glances, held for a heartbeat by both men, and then Aragorn turns and steps toward the door. Faramir gets to his feet and follows, intent on seeing Aragorn to the door, if indeed he is going to leave so apparently abruptly. His bare feet slap on the stone floor. His hand comes to rest on Aragorn's elbow. "Stay." The hand hovers suddenly as Faramir realises that what he is saying makes little sense. "I mean…actually, I do not know." Laughing nervously, Faramir steps back, releasing Aragorn from his touch and from his unexpected request. A strange aura seems to linger between them, intangible, expectant. All either of them has to do is take that final step, but Aragorn cannot, and it does not occur to Faramir that the unnamed, familiar flame down within his chest burns in the other man's heart also. "I should probably retire, though I have enjoyed your company greatly, as always." "Is…there a fireplace in your bed chamber?" "You know there is, my lord." "Is it lit?" Faramir frowns. "…it is not." Aragorn leans against the door, arms folded and expression one of deep, and apparently genuine concern. "I would not like you to be cold, Faramir." The younger man looks up at him, perplexity wrought in his eyebrows. "I have bedcovers, blankets, you know," He gestures vaguely. "I think I will survive." He bites his lip, amused. "I thank you for your concern, my lord. I think." "But in the first instance when you climb into bed, before body heat seeps into the sheets, you will be cursing the flagstones for chilling your feet." "Aragorn, what on earth are you talking about?" Faramir folds his arms and looks at his King as if he is mad. Aragorn laughs. "You-" He says, stepping away from the doorframe and standing directly before Faramir. "-are the one who asked me to stay. And I-" He places a hand on each of Faramir's shoulders. "-am making the executive decision to stay in your bed tonight. To warm you up, of course." He kisses Faramir in the space between his eyebrows. "Coming?" Aragorn doesn't know where the sudden confidence and flirtatiousness and certainty come from but he doesn't wish to dwell on them too long lest they evaporate just as quickly as they appeared. His heart feels obvious in his chest, thumping like hoof beats on soft turf and his stomach is a knot of fiery nerves. Subconsciously he has had a realisation, and this realisation is that becoming tangled with Faramir on the couch is something he'd like to do more often. A lot more often, and not necessarily always on the couch. He doesn't wait for Faramir to answer, nor does he wait to see what facial expression his poor Steward eventually decides upon. Aragorn spins on his heel and strides toward Faramir's bedroom door, heaving it open and, with a quick glance and a grin over his shoulder, steps into the cool darkness beyond. It's a good minute or so before Faramir can process what has just happened. His heart batters itself against his ribcage but no heed is paid to that; did Aragorn just say he was spending the night? In his bed? It was true, Faramir had asked him to stay, but even he hadn't known what he really meant by that. Perhaps the King would have read for a little longer, or they could have talked, and perhaps while doing so Faramir would have finally found the opportunity to let Aragorn know that while he genuinely liked his company regardless, it was the intimacy that the King granted to him that he liked especially. Faramir has an awful feeling that while he refuses to consider the words falling for, he may well be attracted to Aragorn, the very same Aragorn who is now likely making himself comfortable in his bed, and he has now a very sneaking suspicion that this is Aragorn's way of telling him that he is attracted to Faramir. He tries not to think of