Pairing: Aragorn/Faramir Rating: M Warnings: Slash, sex and swearing. And Faramir's uncouth inner monologue ;) Disclaimer: None of these characters belong to me. all written in good fun with no offence intended! Author's Note: I have never written in first-person perspective before, and I dare say I rather liked it :) I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I did writing it (which was a lot!) Luck. What did I do before I had you? Or perhaps, the question should be; what would I do now if I did not have you? Both equally unanswerable, naturally, but both come to the forefront of my mind often enough, and especially on mornings like these, where I am lying on my stomach, half upon rumpled sheets and half upon you, and my cheek rests against your chest and your arms hold me gently, though they have slipped in their grasp as you have slipped into dreams. Your skin is hot; I kicked off the blankets long before. I grin as I realise my arse is bare for all to see, though I suppose that were anyone to walk into the room now and discover us my arse would be the least of our worries. The door is locked though; I double checked, like always, before you undressed me and then yourself, and before your tongue slid past my lips. And my arse must be nice enough anyway, for you have slipped your tongue within it enough times too without complaint. I am lucky and I know it. Lucky enough to hang on long enough so that you could heal me, and lucky enough to find that you had fallen in love with me as I had with you. Exceptional luck, that. To find that you wanted to place your hands against my skin, and touch me and kiss me and fuck me and above all, love me so well. And you do love me well, and your love is beyond anything I could have dreamed of. So lucky. I have found that my own love has many facets. I love you as a dear friend, and we laugh together and talk long and often and are never long out of one another's sight, and I do not tire of your company though we may spend the entire day together in meetings only to spend the night together under the linens in the Royal bed. I love your laugh and your wry smile and that look in your eye that you give to only me, or so I fancy, though I know you are a gracious King and a loyal friend to many, and I do not begrudge that for a moment. And then there is physical love. Not the act itself, but the precursor, the preamble, the heat in the base of my stomach when I think of the planes of your body beneath my palms. It was so delightfully strange, so new and wonderful and frightening all at once, to find these feelings within myself, when I had never once considered that I might one day feel this way toward another man. I buried them in the beginning, when I found myself looking at you too often I tried to distract myself, but I failed time and time again. And when I caught you looking back I told myself I was imagining everything, that I was, perhaps, becoming addled and confused with the feelings that one has toward one who saves his life, especially when that one is the King. So, I loved you as my ruler and my saviour. And at night I would lie restless and think about the angle of your jaw, and the way your hair falls back across your shoulders, and I would reach down and run my hand along the hardness of my cock and imagine you were watching me as I did so. I told myself I would have to be content with this fantasy alone, even as I questioned myself for becoming so aroused when thinking of you. I liked women, did I not? But things began to happen that I could no longer simply put down to my over-active, and over-carnal imagination. Your hand would brush against mine as you handed me a book, and I would have thought nothing of it (save for my own, fanciful imaginings,) if it had not again brushed against mine at almost every opportunity. When I glanced up, you would look at me for a moment, then look away or smile as if nothing had occurred, and I kept telling myself that indeed, nothing had occurred. We spent more time together, and it was more often than not that an evening of wine and companionable chat together would end with your kiss on my flushed cheek as you bade me goodnight. And then, there was that evening; that ridiculous and wonderful evening, where everything and nothing made sense all at once. We had been out riding, all day, for we had found ourselves at a rare and unusual loose end; all duties dealt with and matters of court settled. And though you have maintained that it was indeed my idea, I am certain it was you who marched me off toward your chambers in order to bathe, for, and I remember this part most clearly, you said that one perk of being King was the ample bathtub. And I am most positive that the words "if the ache in my own arse is anything to go by, then you will be glad of some hot water," did indeed pass your lips as you ushered me along the halls somewhat haphazardly. I will admit that you were right about the Royal facilities, and as I sank into the deep, almost scalding water with a sigh, and leant back, and found to my delight that I did not need to bend my knees almost to my chin when I sat as in my own bath, I conceded that it had been a very good idea indeed. Perhaps I ought to take credit for it after all. You were not content to merely watch me though, and I'm sure the concept of sinking into second-hand bathwater was not one you found overly enticing, so you were soon undressing yourself, unashamed as I had been, for we had nothing that the other had never seen before after all. A hand on my shoulder and you ushered me forward, for you wished to wash my back, ease out the knots, as you said, and you were going to sit behind me. I moved, and watched as your shins slid past my sides and rested either side of me, dark leg-hairs waving gently in the water. I smiled and offered to wash your feet in return of the coming favour, but you just laughed and wrung out a full washcloth of hot water onto my head. You said I looked like an otter with my hair plastered across my face, and I believe you received an elbow in the ribs that was only partly accidental. Then you put your hands upon me. Gently, at first, and shielded from my skin by the cloth, which you soaked once more in the heat of the water and drew slowly across my shoulders, pressing your knuckles against my tense muscles. I remember my eyes nearly rolling back into my head; it felt so good. The rush of endorphins, the slow and steady warmth spreading through my body, warmth not from the water, but from your palms as they spread across my shoulder blades and travelled slowly up and down my back, pressing gently, thumbs massaging circles into the nape of my neck. My head fell forward, my eyes closed, and I could not stop the moan of content that escaped from my lips softly. You might have murmured my name, but I was lost for the moment in the thrum of blood through my ears, and the lapping of the water against the sides of the marble tub. You stopped, suddenly, and I began to look around at you but you bade me look forward again with a gentle touch of your fingertips on my jaw. So I waited for you to continue, and you did, after a long moment. I wondered what was wrong, but you said nothing when I asked, and I soon began to succumb to the relaxation your touch brought to me once more. I discovered then, just how powerful my will could be. How, if I focused hard enough on the ripples in the water, or on my own hands resting on my knees, I could forget that it was you touching me enough to keep from getting excited. But it was very difficult, and I knew I would eventually lose this battle if this were to go on much longer. And so I tried to sit up again, lean back, but you spread your hands against my back once more and tried to keep me from doing so. So I did the worst possible thing, in that moment. Probably, I should say, and from your perspective for that heartbeat, definitely. I meant to lean back onto you, to rest against you and look up at you from where my head would rest against your shoulder, and offer up some wry remark concerning your need to have me bent forward, (-for though I was falling for you I found alluding to it directly to be an excellent diversionary tactic; anything to keep you from discovering my perversions, as it were,-) but instead, and rather unexpectedly, I discovered your perversions, hitherto hidden from all but yourself, and even then I suspect you only examined them behind the locked door of your bedchamber. Your cock, hot and hard and instantly obvious, pressed up against my lower back as I shifted, and I froze, and time seemed to slow so that this dreadful second could stretch out for eternity. I remember I looked up, and you were looking at me with an expression I will never forget, and one that I would have laughed at were it not for the implication of that eternal second. Your eyes were wide, and you were biting your lip, and you looked down at me, and for that one heartbeat, the things that raced through my head were approximately these; Oh gods. We're naked. In the bath. He's hard. Oh gods. He's hard for me. In the bath. We're naked. Oh hell on earth. Oh gods his cock. And then, my heart began to beat again, and you spoke suddenly, quickly, a rather strangled "I'm sorry!" and I realised that of course, of course , this was nothing to do with me. Who can explain the hardness that comes of its own accord in the middle of the night, or indeed the middle of a council meeting when your mind is set upon nothing more titillating than the plans for some new bridge, and you must make some sort of desperate deal with the tablecloth to protect your modesty until such things abate? You were hard, but it was an accident, and you were embarrassed, for to me it must seem as if you were aroused by me, and that would never do. So I laughed, a little nervously, and sat forward again, and I turned to look over my shoulder at you, and your cheeks were flushed, and I did not look down. I must have been blushing too, for you placed a hand against my cheek, cool and damp from the washcloth, and you rested it there for a long time, and I knew then that I was doomed to discovery, for now my idiotic body was awakening from the endorphin-induced coma it had been up until now indulging in. My groin was on fire, in the good way, of course, but now it was the bad way for I could not let