District 11 . . . . . . It's noon, or close to it. The sun is high in the sky and relentless as it beats down on the busy farm workers of District 11. The only rain that the residents have seen in over a week comes from their own pores as beads fall from their skin to the soil beneath them. It's hot. So very hot. The only clouds in the bright blue sky are small puffs of white, barely clouds at all, and offer no relief of shade. They stay motionless up above as there is no wind to move them. The only relief these workers receive is when the Clock Tower in the Square finally strikes noon, signaling lunch, the only break in their 14 hour work day. All at once, the sprawled out, hunched down farm workers of the wheat fields uncurl and place down their tools in their work spots. Most let out sighs, some smile, and they turn to the east in the direction of the wheat field's canteen. Most use whatever energy they have spared to walk as quickly as they can without running, motivated by the promise of cool water once they get there. Some struggle to walk at all, trying to push through the dizzy haze that the heat has put them in. Farthest out in the wheat fields, away from small clumps of the other workers, a teenage girl is crouched down in the middle of tying up her newest pile of wheat that she has cut when the sound of the noon bell reaches her. She is the only one that lets out a long sigh before uncurling her back to stand upright, letting the rope slip from her hands and unravel its hold around the bundle, making her last minute or so of work a waste. She doesn't care. She can't wait another minute until she can feel cool water on her skin. She drinks the last big sip she has saved in her old water bottle. The water is warm. The ragged off-white t-shirt and pants of her uniform are rolled up as much as they can go, exposing her skin to the scorching sun rays. Her skin is a mix of old pale golden tan and new bright red sunburn. The skin of her lower back and sunken stomach that are revealed between the gap made when rolling up her shirt has become dark red and she can feel it peeling. The matching off-white cloth of her torn old uniform is wrapped around her head, soaked completely through with sweat. She is working farthest in the field today because she does every day, and like every other day she arrives at the wheat field canteen last. Her fellow workers already have their wooden bowls in hand, filling them with water from the fountain wall, gulping it down or pouring it onto their hot and tired bodies. She am eager to join them, but before She can cross out of the wheat and into the open canteen yard, a Peacekeeper approaches her, tall, a large gun in one arm. Without saying a word he reaches out his empty arm expectantly. The girl realizes that she had grabbed her machete by accident and brought it with her from her work spot. She lifts my arm and hands it to him. He takes it and steps aside to let her pass. She reaches the table by the fountain with the water bowls and finds the one with her name scratched into it, carved by her 8 years earlier. The first letter, the letter M, is giant compared to the others. The other letters are barely readable, but it doesn't matter. Everyone knows that this is her bowl, and no one ever tries to take it. She exchanges small talk with those who speak to her as she fills her bowl to the brim, carefully bringing it to her mouth, and gulping it down. No one has much energy to talk, they are just too exhausted, but many try to anyways. Lunch and the water fountain beforehand are the only times that some of the workers ever get any social interaction during the Harvest. Today, as it has been for the past week, the main topics of conversation are complaints. The heat, the lack of a breeze, sun burns, sun blisters, headaches, how terrible everyone smells. The complaints are followed by questions, Why hasn't it rained? When is it going to? What will this do to the crops? To us? Can everyone please bring soap next time so lunch isn't ruined by the collection of everyone's body odor? There is a dinging of a triangle, and food is served at the long wooden tables under the army green tent of the canteen. The tables by the entrance fill up quickly, so the girl walks towards the back corner to one of the half tables, where she sees Gragg, his long gray hair looking particularly wiry in his ponytail, and Betha, her dark skin showing through her water drenched uniform. She sits down next to Betha, trying to keep her eye sight from going anywhere near the front of her body, as the girl knows from past experiences that it will be completely visible through her wet shirt and that the 46 year old woman doesn't believe in under cloths. As soon as her bum touches the seat, she hears the sound of soft thumping of 10 little hands on the wooden table, as the 5 youngest wheat farmers scramble onto the leftover seats. Pika, an 11 year old with her shoulder length blond hair pulled into two buns on either side of her head, makes to sit next to the girl. But before she can scoot a foot, a pair of very dark, thin arms block her way. Two small hands plant themselves on the table in front of him, and 9 year old Shiro jumps over the bench and sits right where Pika was moving to. Pika makes a whining noise at Shiro. "No way, Pika." He says to her. "I always sit next to Marri." Even though Shiro is being a brat to Pika, Marri giggles and smiles down at him. "When did you become so assertive?" She asks. He shrugs his bony shoulders and reaches out for the food laid on our table. Down the tables center are the usual dishes: plates of slightly burnt bread and stale crackers, bowls of bruised and overripe fruit, old or squashed vegetables. No one complains about the food though, as they are too busy shoveling as much as they can into their eager mouths. Marri grabs a fist full of grapes from one of the fruit bowls and drops them into her own bowl. She picks one up and pop it into her mouth. It lands in her right cheek and she bites down. Immediately her mouth is filled with an awful taste. "Bleh!" She says, squirming in her seat and then spitting the rotten flesh onto the dirt floor behind her. She turns back to her bowl and makes a disgusted face, smacking her tongue around her mouth in attempt to get rid of the taste. Almost everyone at the table is laughing at her. "You gotta pinch 'em first, Marri." Betha says, smiling with a mouth full of cabbage. "How many times are you going to eat a sour grape before you learn?" "I couldn't wait, I'm just so hungry today." Marri replies in a mock whine. The others laugh again. When is there a day when they aren't so hungry? "Hey, these apples look pretty good today! They aren't all that beat up!" Shiro informs the rest of the table, his small body propped up in his seat to peer down at the red fruits. All at once every arm is shooting out to the two bowls of apples, which are usually ignored for being so covered with brown or purple bruises that they are rarely edible. Each hand finds one now though, and after they each peer down on their apples in intense inspection, they join each other in a chorus of crunches as they all bite into them. "They're even hard!" Cries a delighted Pika, who bounces up and down in her seat with excitement. "They taste good ." Says Martin, 14, his soft voice barely heard over the continuing crunches. But those who heard him nod and "Mmm" in agreement. "Good catch, kid." Croaks the grizzly voice of Gragg from the opposite end of the table as the kids. "Nice to see that one of you brats can be useful." Marri rolls her eyes at Gragg and says, "Oh don't be so grumpy, Gragg. We aren't forcing you to sit with us." "I sat here first!" He protests, bits of apple flesh spraying from his mouth. "It's because you sit there that they all came to this table." "Man, you're just jealous that they like Marri so much and no one likes you." Chimes Betha with her mouth full of her last bite of apple. The children and Betha all laugh, but all in good fun. It's true that Gragg is grumpy and irritable all of the time, but they all know that they end up sitting at the same table together every lunch time this Harvest because of they actually liked each other. And even though Gragg acts like it bothers him, Marri always see him smiling to himself whenever one of the kids tells a silly story, or makes a funny face, or when Betha gives them some strange nonsensical bit of wisdom. Though they are sitting in the shade, Marri notices a darker shadow creep across her bowl on the table before her, and for the first time in days her insides go cold. It is a very familiar shadow, with very familiar tousled hair. "Marri.", says the shadow. "I told you I wanted to eat lunch with you today." Oh no. Marri panics, but from years of practice she is able to compose herself in half a second. She turns in her seat to face the shadows maker, putting her face together in what she hopes is an expression of concern and surprise. She looks up at him, her cousin, Derik. He is standing in a relaxed stance, his hands in the pockets of his own off-white and dirty uniform pants. He gives off an air of slight amusement, making a face of mock hurt. But Marri can see in his dark brown eyes what he is really feeling. But if Derik puts up a show, so does she. She tries to suppress the sickening fear bubbling inside her and does her best to keep her voice steady as she says, "Derik! Oh no! I forgot!" "You forgot?" He smiles down at Marri for everyone else's benefit and she adds, "It's so hot today, my brain is so cloudy, I haven't been thinking straight all day." She slides her mouth into a sheepish smile. It's a weak excuse, and she knows Derik can see right through it. "Oh, no worries Marri." He says, flashing a bigger, brighter smile. "There's still about 10 minutes left. Why don't you come finish your lunch with me?" He turns to the others at the table, making sure to make eye contact with Betha, Pika, and 13 year old Carla, who everyone knows finds Derik attractive. This small gesture works, and even the boys are willing to let Marri leave without an argument. If it had been anyone else, they all would have protested, told whoever it was to buzz off, but never Derik. It makes Marri hate them a little at how easily they are fooled, and how they practically throw her at the most dangerous person in her world. As Marri stands, she feels as if she will hurl all of the food she has just eaten, and tries not to fall