AN: I originally submitted this as an entry for Write-Me-A-Story HG Challenge out of fun. Thank you to Ro Nordmann for the lovely opportunity. Thank you to the judges for choosing it as Best Non-Canon FF. Seriously I wasn't expecting that. *sobs gratefully*. To check out all the wonderful entries, check out wmashgchallenge dot tumblr dot com. I wanted to explore the idea of hijacking Peeta in a modern AU setting and this is what I came up with after seeing the prompt on my tumblr dashboard. (I'm biopolarism on tumblr.) This story has dark themes and graphic scenes. Be warned. I don't own THG, but if I did that would really be awesome. Ten year-old Peeta trusted his mom with his life. His mother always told him, "I want you to be perfect, son. I don't want you to end up like those dirty filth in the Seam. You need to be washed clean." He always believed his mother. He didn't whimper when she scrubbed his whole body until his skin feels raw. He didn't protest when she gripped his neck too tightly, submerging him in the cold water of their bathtub. He didn't fight and gasp for air even when black spots danced in his eyes until he lost consciousness. "There there, you are all clean now." Peeta's mother smiled when he woke up, coughing water out. Peeta slumped, feeling weak yet clean, just like his mother said. Peeta trusted his mother. He truly did. His friend Katniss didn't. "What happened to your neck Peeta?" Katniss asked him once when she saw dark, angry bruises on his neck. They were playing by the lakeside behind Peeta's house, which they did secretly whenever Peeta's mom is still out for work. "Just an allergy. It's nothing." Peeta replied, avoiding Katniss' concerned stare. Katniss knew it was a lie. Katniss visited Peeta's house a week later. She knew his mother would throw a fit at her very presence. His mother's deep hatred for anyone from the Seam wasn't exactly a secret, and Katniss was one of those "dirty filth" as she would call them. Something in Katniss' instincts clicked the moment she entered the house. It was eerily quiet, but she knew there was something wrong. "Peeta?" Katniss called out nervously. No response. She tiptoed up the stairs to check if Peeta was in one of the rooms, but the open bathroom door caught her attention. Katniss peeked in, but what the 10-year old saw would haunt her for the rest of her life. Katniss watched in muted horror as Peeta's mother clutched on the young boy's neck, drawing him out of the bathtub water before mercilessly shoving him down once more. Katniss's heart pounded as she waited for a few agonizing minutes before the older woman pulled out a nearly fainting Peeta by the neck, propping him up and dressing him while he coughed and wheezed for air. Katniss remained rooted in her spot in shock when a disoriented Peeta looked straight at her, blue eyes widening. "Kat...niss..." Peeta croaked. It only took a split second for his mother to turn around and land her eyes on Katniss. "What the..." Katniss was a quick little girl. She was able to bolt down the stairs and run out of the house. She ran and hid underneath the wrap covering half the boat tied by the lakeshore. Peeta's mother ran out of the house a few minutes later, screaming profanities in the air as she wielded a small axe. "Wretched scum... Filth! How dare you step in my house! I will fucking kill you when I see you!" "Mom, please." Peeta whimpered as he followed his deranged mother. Something snapped in the woman at Peeta's voice. "You ungrateful bastard! A Seam filth? You are just like your father!" She screeched, grabbing Peeta by his hair, dragging him towards the lake. The boy only cried and held onto his mother tightly. The older woman threw the axe on the small boat, followed by Peeta. His mother started rowing the boat out further into the lake before stopping. "I'll teach you a lesson, but first I need to clean you of the filth you acquired from that mutt," Peeta's mother said darkly as she pushed the boy out of the boat. The woman gripped Peeta's head down the lake's surface while the poor boy struggled for air. "Let Peeta go!" Katniss screamed as she pushed the woman out onto the water. With adrenaline pumping in her veins, Katniss quickly reached out on the side of the boat to pull Peeta up. Waves rocked the boat as Peeta plopped into the boat, gasping and choking on deep gulps of air. Katniss took the oars to steer them out, but her hands were shaking. She stopped and approached Peeta instead, rubbing his back until his caught his breath. "Peeta, are you okay?" "I guess." He rasped. "We have to get out of here." "Not so fast." His mother spoke as she held on the other side of the boat. Her hands fisted in Katniss's hair as she tried to pull the girl. Something snapped in Peeta's mind as he grabbed the abandoned axe on the boat floor, and swung it on his mother's head with all his strength. He didn't bat an eyelash when he felt something warm in his hand as he retracted the axe. His mother wriggled in a funny manner as she slumped, clutching her head in agony. For the first time in his life, Peeta felt satisfaction as his lips curve up in a grin. Katniss seemed to have gained her strength at the sight when she suddenly pushed Peeta's mother out, holding the woman's head down the water. Katniss turned to face him, her usual silver eyes turning to almost black. "Help me Peeta." Peeta's hand automatically stretched out to push his mother's head further down the water. Both of them watched in fascination as blood swirled in the water. Bubbles rose from the water for a few minutes before they slowly disappeared. The two children felt the woman's head slack underneath their hands as she sank down into the lake. Katniss and Peeta turned at each other, hands trembling and bodies shaking as they realized what they had done. 18 Years Later... It was nearly dusk, the sun descending slowly behind the 24 hour sign of the store. Peeta Mellark waited, albeit impatiently. He ran his shaky hands through his messy curls, eyes darting nervously at the store's exit. His blood hummed in anticipation and nervousness as a certain itch grew in his consciousness. Long dark hair. Olive skin. Slender and petite. So much like her , he thought to himself. Peeta hobbled slowly towards the unsuspecting woman he had been observing for hours. "Excuse me, could you help me unload my cart? My leg isn't cooperating well right now." He said with a charming yet cold smile. Thrashing. Coughing. Pleading. The woman wriggled and flapped wildly in desperation as water sprayed from a contraption in the ceiling, filling the tank inch by inch. Her face contorted in horror as realization seemed to sink in her features. She wasn't going to survive this. Something stirred in Peeta's pants as the woman cried in agony, her sobs choked by the water swirling around her. Peeta smirked as he stepped nearer to the glass tank, his long fingers touching the moist surface of the glass. He smiled charmingly, eyes glazed as he murmured to himself. "Be strong my love." The woman's eyes widened and bubbles came out her mouth as she pleaded wordlessly. Minutes later she ceased to move, sinking further to the bottom of the tank as she clutched on her throat. Peeta's eyes narrowed as he walked towards a set of lever and pulled one down. The sides of the tank lowered, water gushing out along with the unconscious woman, her eyes half open in an eerie dead stare. Peeta approached the woman and started resuscitating her. The woman sat up and coughed out water from her lungs. She wheezed as air hit her lungs painfully. She looked up to see Peeta standing over her, clucking his tongue in disappointment. "You aren't as strong as I thought you were... Katniss." "I'm... Not... Kat..niss..." the woman rasped brokenly. "I'm Bristel... I have a family... Please. Why.. are… you doing… this." The last part came out as a hiss. Peeta's jaw flexed. He grabbed hold of Bristel's hair as he dragged her out of the room. The woman didn't have any strength to fight anymore. She just held on to her head, begging for her life. The last things she remembered before darkness consumed her were a pair of crazed blue eyes and splatters of fresh, wet crimson against dark tiles. A crowd gathered around the scene as police shuffled around the area. It wasn't new for the people in this part of the city commonly known as "Seam" to see the area surrounded by bright yellow tape marked with the usual boldfaced "Police Line Do Not Cross". The Seam is well-known throughout Panem City as one of the most crime-ridden districts inside the city. Serial killings, however, have never happened. Not in Panem City, and not even in the filthy criminal streets of the Seam. If Police Officers Katniss Everdeen and Officer Gale Hawthorne didn't grow up in the Seam, their stomachs might have churned at the sight of the dead woman who was disposed of here in this dark alley. Katniss examined the body carefully. The victim was pale and blue, a far cry from the pretty olive-skinned woman named Bristel pictured on the ID they found in the left breast pocket of her blue dress, along with a single dandelion flower. She glanced at the reddish stain seeping through the left part of the victims's head and the angry purple marks on the victim's neck. The victim seemed almost peaceful in her sleep. "Four bodies in two months. I'll be damned if the FBI doesn't notice this soon enough." Gale commented, interrupting her thoughts as he took pictures of the crime scene. "I think that's the FBI over there." Katniss said, gesturing towards the two men engaged in a conversation with the Panem Police Chief. Gale shrugged. He started taking pictures of the victim. Katniss stepped aside, eyes still focused on the victim. "You know what baffles me Catnip?" Gale asks as he focuses his lens. "It's Officer Everdeen during work, Hawthorne." Katniss chastised. Gale ignored her. "In all these cases, each victim was dumped in the same manner: dingy alley in the Seam, cleaned up, hair braided, clothes changed to the same blue dress, dandelion in the breast pocket. He even leaves them with their IDs just so we could identify them immediately." Gale stopped, staring at the dead victim in pity before continuing. "I hate to say this, but it seems these women were used as substitutes before being offered up as sorry gifts." Katniss' eyebrows perked up. "Gifts?" Gale huffed. "Think about it Everdeen. Who do you think they look like?" Katniss looked at Gale without blinking. "Me." Gale's eyes widen, and before he could speak Katniss continued. "I knew the moment the second body came in." Gale's eyes darted from Katniss to the scene surrounding them. "I know that risks are part of our job as police, but I'm worried for you, Catnip. The Seam was placed under your supervision as district team leader only three months before the crimes started. Whoever is behind this, he's escalating fast, and he's coming for you." The bell chimed as Katniss entered her favorite hole-in-the-wall bakery, which was just right by the corner of the street where the Panem Central Police Station is. There were no customers inside the cozy space. Her nose feasted on the fresh smell of bread and coffee as she strode to her favorite seat by the counter. "Officer Everdeen." A deep masculine voice