AN: Hello! This oneshot is inspired loosely by lyrics in Chris Brown's "Fine China". I've been listening to it for a while now and it kept on ringing in my head. Anyhoo, enjoy. Peeta looked at Katniss in awe as she stepped down the stairs. She was simply beautiful, wearing a simple sleeveless black dress that ended above her knees, feet clad in simple low heeled red pumps. Her face had minimal makeup, just a swipe of pink on her lips and mascara emphasizing her beautiful silver eyes. Her shiny dark hair cascaded in smooth waves down her back. Katniss always kept it simple and Peeta loved her entirely for that. Katniss stopped right before Peeta. Her eyes looked up at him with uncertainty. "Do I look okay?" Peeta beamed at her. "You look beautiful." Katniss' cheeks turned pink underneath her olive skin. "Do you think... Gale would notice?" Peeta's smile faltered a bit. "I believe so." Gale entered the room, adjusting the tie on his neck. His face showed obvious irritation. "Could we please get going? We're going to be late for the company dinner. Wouldn't want to miss the formal announcement of my own promotion." Gale looked at Katniss in one glance, blatantly ignoring the obvious effort she did to dress up. Peeta looked at Katniss. Her eyes turned into firm, cold steel before looking away. "I just need to make sure everything's okay here before we leave." Katniss said coldly before looking away. Gale huffed impatiently. "I'll be in the car. Be fast." He bolted out of the house. Katniss sighed heavily and turned to Peeta. Peeta stepped closer to her, their toes touching as he raised his hands and placed them gingerly on her shoulders. Peeta fought the urge to hug her tightly in his arms and never let go, just like he had always wanted. Instead he asked her. "Are you alright?" Katniss looked up at Peeta. Her earlier anger softened at the genuine concern on Peeta's face. She doesn't want Peeta to feel bad for her. She shrugged her shoulders, letting Peeta's hands fall away. "I'm used to it. I'm used to him treating me like this. Why do I even bother?" She gave out a short dry laugh, mocking her own situation. Peeta's hands were clenched tightly at what she said. Anger was bubbling up inside him, seeping in his blood like poison. Here he was, pining after Katniss while her boyfriend treats her like shit. She doesn't deserve this , he said to himself mentally. She doesn't deserve Gale. Peeta calmed himself down before he spoke. "Because you love him." But I love you more than he ever could , Peeta added silently in his head. Katniss sighed. After a few seconds of silence, she whispered. "Sometimes I think Gale is not worth it anymore." Peeta's eyes widened at her admission, but before he could even react, Katniss cut him off. "Now's not the time to talk about this." She spun around and walked towards the door. Peeta kept silent even with all the thousand thoughts spinning in his head. Tell her! Tell her now! A voice shouted in Peeta's mind. "Katniss..." Peeta trailed off, unsure of what to say. Katniss tipped her head backwards, her mercury eyes staring right back at his own blue ones. "I'm sorry for always bothering you Peeta. I know you have a lot going on too. Please take care of Prim for me. She needs to take her medicine before sleeping." Katniss paused before she sincerely spoke in a barely audible voice. "I don't often say things like these, but I really owe you Peeta. Thank you for everything... For being my best friend." A car horn blared loudly outside. Katniss turned away, her back facing Peeta. "I'm sorry, Gale's waiting. I have to go." She quickly stepped out, closing the door behind her. Peeta was left alone once more. Alone and heartbroken. Peeta sat in Katniss' living room, a bottle of beer clutched in his left hand and a picture frame in his right hand. He sipped on his beer, staring intently on the picture. It was taken during their high school graduation. Peeta's arm was draped around Katniss' shoulder, diplomas in their hands as they made funny faces in front of the camera. Katniss did a cross-eyed look, face scrunched up while Peeta contorted his face. The picture had always been displayed on the center table, as Katniss always said it was her favorite picture of them together. Katniss and Peeta had always been best friends since middle school, back when she was a lanky girl with two braids and he was a short stout boy with wide blue eyes and a face full of freckles covered by horn-rimmed glasses. They became acquainted after Katniss protected Peeta from being bullied by a bunch of seniors who were part of the wrestling team, including his own brother. They became close after Katniss learned that Peeta's mom used to physically and mentally abuse him before his parent's divorce. They became the best of friends after Peeta comforted Katniss from her father's accidental death in a mine explosion and her mother's suicide a few days later. They had been together in every life changing event in their lives. Peeta was the one who first met their Uncle Haymitch when the older man became Katniss' and Prim's guardian. Peeta was also the one who Katniss cried on when they learned Prim had leukemia. Peeta was also the one who introduced Gale to Katniss one night during college. Peeta clenched the bottle tightly in his hands at the thought of Gale and Katniss. The bottle almost broke at the pressure of his hands. It has been a long time since Katniss outgrew the lankiness and braids and Peeta outgrew the nerdy look, but Peeta could never outgrow the years of deep love he has hidden in his heart for Katniss. Peeta felt the couch dip a little. Prim sat beside him, taking the picture frame away from his hands. She stared at it intently before she spoke. "You know, she really likes this picture. It's her most favorite picture ever. I even heard Gale and Katniss fight the first time because of this picture." Prim laughed quietly before she continued. "She's really different when she's with you Peeta. Not that I don't like Gale, but to tell you the truth... Katniss loves you. More than she loves Gale." Peeta slumped his back on the couch. He raised the almost-empty bottle of beer in his hands and stared at it. "Doesn't seem like that to me. If it was, Katniss and Gale would never have been a couple for the past three years." Prim grabbed the bottle away from his left hand and placed it on the living room table. "Katniss is my sister and I really love her. But sometimes she could be the densest idiot on the planet. It's obvious to everyone how you two are practically in love with each other. You even look and act better as a couple than her with Gale. Besides," Prim laid her head on Peeta's shoulder. "they never suit each other. They end up fighting more than the times they get along together." Peeta sighed and patted Prim's head. "Prim, you're only eighteen. You wouldn't understand. Sometimes just because two people love each other doesn't mean they should end up together." Prim shook Peeta's hand away, her blue eyes on him as she pouted. "Don't treat me like a child Peeta. I may only be eighteen but I've went through a lot of things. Leukemia to be exact. One thing I learned is this: you may say whatever you want your mind to believe in Peeta, but you can never really fool yourself. Now if you tell yourself you don't love each other but your actions say otherwise..." Prim trailed off when she stood up. "I believe both of you are just making big fools out of yourselves." Katniss looked out the window of her favorite coffee shop, sitting on her favorite spot by the corner of the big window beneath the shop sign. It was just right in front of her office building and she could see people pouring out of the exit. Her fingers gripped the stem of her cup tightly as she anxiously waited for him to appear in her line of vision. Katniss swallowed her coffee as her thoughts drifted, wondering what reactions he would have if she told him about her situation. "Katniss." His deep voice interrupted Katniss' thoughts. She stood up abruptly at the sight of the person she wanted to see at the very moment. "Peeta." Katniss whispered. Peeta stepped closer as he enveloped her in a friendly hug. Katniss couldn't help but close her eyes as she relished in Peeta's warmth. Her face rested lightly in the crook of his neck as he wrapped one arm around her shoulders gently. Katniss placed her hand lightly on his upper back as she inhaled his scent discreetly, faint smells of cinnamon, vanilla and crisp traces of pencil charcoal distinctly imprinted in her mind. Peeta released her after two seconds and took her hand as they sat down facing each other. Peeta smiled at Katniss warmly as he held her hand. Katniss felt that same throbbing feeling in her chest again as she looked back at Peeta. Katniss has only a few favorite people in life, Peeta being one of those people who topped the list. Katniss knew him since they were thirteen and she saw how he grew up before her own eyes. Peeta used to short and stout when they were young, something that made him vulnerable to bullying. Much to Katniss' surprise Peeta began to prove everyone wrong by joining the group of people who constantly bullied him: the wrestling team. It has been twelve years since then. Katniss stared at Peeta. She will never admit it to anyone, but Katniss loved to look at Peeta all the time, trying to memorize everything about him. At twenty-five, Peeta doesn't resemble the freckled-face boy with huge glasses anymore. Peeta had a strongly shaped face with a sturdy square jaw, firm nose and cheekbones. His bright eyes were still the same piercing deep blue framed by long, thick blonde eyelashes. Peeta licked his lips subconsiously, showing a set of straight white teeth. His mouth was always upturned at the corners, as if he always wore a smile which he did almost all the time. Peeta's firm muscles showed their outlines through the fabric of the semi-tight button up shirt he wore, sleeves rolled up to his elbows showing the fair skin of his arms matted by thin hairs lighter than the messy blonde waves atop his head. Katniss reached out her free hand and ran her fingers on a portion of his hair which covered his forehead and brushed over his eyes. Katniss pushed it upwards, the soft waves sliding out of her fingers and a good part falling on his forehead once more. "Your hair is long again." Katniss began. Peeta smiled as he puffed on his unruly bangs. "I know. I'm not here to be lectured about my hair though. You begged me to join you here, something you only do when you're too upset to drink coffee alone. So what's up?" Katniss looked at Peeta's hand which was still on top of hers. She could feel his calloused fingers on her hand. Peeta always held her hand when she was upset. Somehow it feels right, but it feels too intimate for Katniss this time. She took her hand away from Peeta's and for a split second, she missed the warmth of his hand. Katniss avoided Peeta's questioning gaze. She inhaled deeply and said with a sigh, "Gale and I broke up." Peeta leaned back on his chair, his expression unreadable. They kept silent for a few minutes before Peeta looked at Katniss