1. Third Floor, Room 6 This was quite possibly the worst decision I'd ever made in my entire life. Standing in front of me was the infamous (albeit vaguely prestigious) suites that belonged to Panem University's Capitol set of dorms. Only the "best of the best" were able to call these dorms home. And that's where its streak of infamy comes from. While the "best of the best" at Panem included the kids like me who were given a scholarship to the university because of great test scores and overall intelligence, it also included those who were rich enough to almost buy out the school and those who (for lack of a better word) "prostituted" their way to the top. I sighed. My only reason for choosing to room here rather than in the Districts was the fact that the suites had private bathrooms and individual common rooms in between each set of four rooms. It'd be much easier to study here than in the noisy common room of District 12 which was where I resided the previous semester. " It's only for a semester, Katniss," I told myself as I climbed the steps to the entrance with my suitcase in tow. "Dean Snow said that if it was unbearable, you could certainly go back to 12. Although he seemed kind of snarky about it…" Lost in my thoughts, I didn't even notice when I was finally in front of where I'd be living for the next two months. " Third floor, room 6…yep, this is it," I thought, confirming that I was in the right place. I took a deep breath and opened the door, closing my eyes while doing so, expecting…well, I don't really know what I was expecting. I was met with a normal looking living room complete with a navy sofa with two matching armchairs flanking either side. As far as I could see, there was a counter separating the living room and kitchenette. There was a vanity counter and sink with a large mirror on the far right wall with a door next to it that I assumed was to be one of the bathrooms. The left side mirrored the right. There were two doors on one side of the living room and two on the other which I supposed were the bedrooms. After assessing the area, I finally turned my attention to the only other person in the room. A girl was laying on her back on the sofa, her feet dangling off of one of the arms. She had long brown hair that spilled behind her. Her mouth seemed to be moving and she was…repeating something? I approached her and tried to put a smile on my face. "Hi, I'm Katniss Everdeen. I'm supposed to be-" "Lam, lam, lam, lam," she repeated, never once taking her eyes off of the ceiling. "Um…is that some kind of meditation technique…?" I asked, not really sure what was happening. As expected, I got no response. No ounce of recognition to show she was even aware of my presence. Puzzled, I turned my attention to the bedrooms and tried to determine which one was to be mine. I moved towards the ones on the right first and surveyed the doors themselves. The first door had an assortment of pins and stickers on it which covered the majority of the door except for the two nameplates close to the top. I made out the names 'Glimmer' and 'Clove.' Glimmer's nameplate was written in cheerful, bubbly letters and covered in glitter while Clove's was plain and largely contrasting to her roommate's. The next door was vastly different. There were no obvious decorations on the door as far as I could see and the nameplates were written in fairly normal handwriting and both in cursive. The nameplates read 'Annie' and 'Johanna.' I crossed in front of the girl who was still repeating her mantra (albeit much slower now) and went to read the nameplates on the last two doors. The third one was mostly covered in green wallpaper with a forest design painted on it. Two of the leaves on the design had names on them that stated 'Delly' and 'Finch.' This one was the most impressive so far. I could tell a lot of work went into it. Considering that the other doors all had two nameplates filled in somewhere, it wasn't surprising to come to the last door which was painted sky blue and had one legible name on it. 'Madge.' There was a similar nameplate under Madge's but the name was scratched out. I couldn't make out what it said. I leaned in closer to try and make sense of it. "Katniss Everdeen." I jumped away from the door as if I'd been doing something morbidly wrong and turned around to face the chanting girl from earlier. Her sea-green eyes were focused on me now and I couldn't stop myself from blurting out questions about her chanting. "What were you doing earlier? Was that meditation?" I asked. She continued to stare at me and then smiled. "Never mind that. It's just calming for me. I assume you're Madge's new roommate?" I decided to drop the topic about her habits. "I guess? I noticed the other nameplate was crossed out though." I said, jabbing my finger behind me. The girl's eyes flickered to the door for a second and then back to me. "Oh yeah, that was Lavinia. She's… ah, well… I guess Madge can tell you about her if you're really curious!" She stuck out her hand for me to shake. "I'm Annie by the way. Welcome to the Capitol!" For some reason, Annie's welcome sounded more like a death sentence. I tried to place the weird way she brushed off that Lavinia out of my mind and focus on other things. Besides, Annie seemed nice enough even though she was a little weird. "Thanks," I said, shaking her hand. "The Capitol seems much nicer than District 12." "Oh, you started off in 12?" Annie asked. "I think both Delly and Madge started off there as well. I was in 4 as a freshman." I nodded. That made sense. Although, it was possible to get a spot in the Capitol as a freshman, most of the residents were sophomores and higher as seniors were chosen from the lot first, then juniors, then sophomores, and at the very end was the freshman. Getting in here as a freshman was near impossible unless you were one of the rich kids. "So you're a Career?" I asked jokingly. Districts 1, 2, and 4 were collectively known as the Career dorms. I believe the name was coined because of the fact that most people living there were known to become established in their careers after college must faster than any of the other people in the residential dorms with the exception of the Capitol of course. It was hard to get into them but not impossible. With fairly good grades or a talent, you could easily get in. They, like the Capitol, were more expensive than the other dorms. But you were basically guaranteed at least an internship somewhere when you graduated. "I guess you could say that," Annie said, a little sheepishly. "Glimmer and Clove are also Careers. Glimmer's from 1 and Clove's from 2. Other than that, I think Finch is from 5? She doesn't talk much. And Johanna is from 7." "Cool," I said, nodding. "So when do I get to meet everyone else?" Annie glanced at a clock that was resting on the wall above the sofa. "Soon, hopefully. I'm not sure where everyone else is but Johanna's taking a nap right now so you'll have to meet her later. She's… a little intimidating so waking her wouldn't be a good idea." She then clapped her hands together excitedly. "You can go put your stuff in your room though! I'll even help! Is that suitcase it?" "Nah. There's basically only essentials and a few sets of clothing in here. My boyfriend is coming later with more of my stuff." I said. Annie's green eyes lit up with happiness. "Oh, you have a boyfriend? Does he go here? What's his name?" I shook my head, smiling. "His name is Gale and yes, he goes here. He's in District 12 but he wants to try to get in here next semester." "Aw," Annie says. "I can't wait to meet him!" I smile and Annie asks me a few more questions about Gale. He'd been my best friend for years before finally telling me that he had feelings for me. It was a bit of a relief considering that I'd felt the same way for a while. We'd been dating for a while now, probably close to about a year and three months. Annie and I continued to chat about random things for an hour or two when the door swings open and in walks at least five other girls. I'm guessing this is the rest of the residents of Room 6 and I can't help but wonder which one is Madge, hoping that she'll be as nice as Annie. The first girl who walked into the room had dark brown hair tied back into a tight ponytail and a fairly small stature. She looked wildly around the room before turning back to glare at a blonde girl standing behind her. "Glimmer! What the hell did I tell you about decorating our door with your shit?" she snarled. "Sorry," the blonde scoffed, looking not the least bit apologetic. "I figured since you said you were planning on moving back to 2, I could do whatever I wanted." "It was a joke, you dipshit," the brunette said in response. "Did you really think I would leave the Capitol to go back there?" She stomped over to the first bedroom door and proceeded to peel off as many of the stickers around her nameplate as she could. "Well Cato's there so…" Glimmer trailed off, a slight smirk on her lips. The brunette turned red and ceased her actions to stomp back over to Glimmer. She clenched the stickers in her fist. "Say anything like that again and I'll beat you within an inch of your life." The blonde rolled her eyes and childishly stuck her tongue out at the shorter girl. Clearly, she thought her threat held no weight but I could already tell that the brunette would be more than happy to carry it out given the chance. I shivered. What kind of people were I going to be living with for the next few months? Thankfully as silence filled the room, Annie broke it by clearing her throat. Unfortunately, the next thing out of her mouth was meant to bring attention to me. "Everyone, this is Katniss," she said. "Madge, she's your new roommate." A plain girl stepped out from the group. Fortunately, she looked nice enough as she came to take my hand with a smile on her face. I couldn't even express my relief at the fact that Madge wasn't similar to the enraged girl that I presume to be Clove. "I'm Madge," she said. "I'm looking forward to being your roommate." I smiled in response. "Likewise." Madge turned around to survey the others in the room. "It seems like you've already met Annie. Her roommate, Johanna, is asleep most of the time so you'll probably meet her eventually. In the meantime, the curly-haired girl is Delly…" Delly seemed sweet enough. She smiled at me before proceeding to try and break Clove away from basically attacking her and Glimmer's door. "Her roommate, the redhead, is Finch…" Finch had a vacant look on her face and only seemed to acknowledge me after Madge had said her name. She looked at me and then was back in her own world seconds after. So that's what Annie meant when she said Finch doesn't talk much. "And the fighting over there are