-Piper's POV- My name is Piper, and I'm 16 and I go to Goode high with-okay forget it. I know you people don't care about any of that. So what I really want to say is please kill this Jason Grace obsessed bitch that I'm forced to call my sister. I bet you're thinking who is Jason Grace? Well, he's the hottest international star lately. And I guess he's pretty good looking too. But not swoon worthy; no one's that good looking. But almost every girl at my school constantly fusses over him. They have pictures of him in their gym and regular lockers, on their notebooks, in their binders, on their phone cases, everywhere. And I think he's just annoying. "DUMPSTER QUEEN!" oh the bitch is awake, "WHERE IS MY JASON GRACE PHONE CASE! YOU BITCH! YOU STOLE IT DIDN'T YOU?!" My sister Drew yelled while running down the stairs. Wait did I say running? Drew can run? Oh wait that's right. The only thing she runs for is guess what? Yup that's right. Jason Grace. "No Drew, it's probably exactly where you left it, in your purse!" I screamed back, "And stop screaming it's like 7 in the morning people are trying to sleep!" "BITCH, SHUT UP!" see why I called her a bitch? "Oh, here it is! It was in my purse! Can you believe that?" I just want to strangle her so badly. "No effing way." I said trying to sound astonished. "Yup! I'm so smart!" She said in her stupid little voice. "Yeah, because I didn't just say that," I muttered under my breath, "Drew, can we just go to school now?" "Whatever dumpster queen," bitch much? "Well? Are you coming or what?" she asked walking to her car. I sighed as I grabbed my backpack and walked after her. Yeah, and the worst part about having bitch as my sister is that she has to drive me to school everyday, because she's a year older than me, so that means I don't have my license yet. "Oh my gosh, yeaaaaasss! He is so hot!" she said to her stupid friend on her stupid phone, "Will you come to our wedding? Um, bitch no, I'm going to be . You are not marring my to-be-husband! Um bitch no! You know what?! I'm fucking done with this convo! Lets just talk about his abs instead. Oh my gosh yeaaaaasss! He is so hot!" um…repetitive much? I pinched the bridge of my nose, does everybody go through this? Is this normal? I was snapped out of my thoughts by my sister's squealing. "Eeeeeeeeekkkkk!" she squealed, "His new song! No! It's called Magic you dumb bitch! How am I supposed to call you my friend if you don't even know what my hubby's songs are called?!" Okay, how does my sister have friends? She calls them bitches and other offensive words all the time! B-B-B-Baby come on over, I don't care if people find out. (Da da, da da da, da da da da) They say that we're no good together, and it's never gonna work out. (Da da, da da da, da da da da) Huh, he's actually not that bad. I started taping the rhythm of the song on my thigh. But Baby you-oo-oo Got me moving too fast. Cause I-II-II Know you wanna be bad. Ang gi-ii-iirl When you lookin like that (Da da, da da da) I can't hold back I stopped, wait, I hate Jason Grace's music! "BUT BABY YOU-OO-OO GOT ME MOVING TOO FAST! CAUSE I-II-I KNOW YOU WANNA BE BAD. AND GI-II-IIRL WHEN YOU LOOKIN LIKE THAT! DA DA, DA DA DA! I CAN'T HOLD BACK!" Drew screeched along with the radio. Cause you, you got this spell on me! I don't know what to believe. Kiss you once, now I can't leave! Cause everything you do is magic. Yeah everything you do is maa-ah-ah-gic. Am I okay? Did I take any bad medicine? No…not that I know of… (So le le let em' take a picture, spread it all around the world now. (Da da, da da da, da da da da) I wanna put it on my record, I want everyone to know now. (Da da, da da da, da da da da) I shook my head, nah, it's just one song. But Baby you-oo-oo got me moving too fast. Cause I-II-II Know you wanna be bad. Ang gi-ii-iirl When you lookin like that (Da da, da da da) I can't hold back Cause you, you got this spell on me! I don't know what to believe. Kiss you once, now I can't leave! Cause everything you do is magic. Yeah everything you do is maa-ah-ah-gic. Oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh. Oh, oh oh, oh ohh, oh. Oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh. Everything you do is magic. They say that we're no good together and it's never gonna work out. I wanna put it on my record, I want everyone to know now. Everything you do is magic x4 (Oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh. Oh, oh oh, oh ohh, oh) Oh everything you do is ma-ah-ah-gic. Cause you, you got this spell on me! I don't know what to believe. Kiss you once, now I can't leave! Cause everything you do is magic. Yeah everything you do is maa-ah-ah-gic. Oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh. Oh, oh oh, oh ohh, oh. Kiss you once, now I can't leave! Cause everything you do is magic. But everything you do is maa-ah-ah-gic. Da da, da da da, da da da da. Drew sighed as she parked, "I know Tiffany. How are you going to tell me everything my to-be-husband does is magic? I already know! Alright I'm at school, you know the horrid Jason free environment? Yeah, I hate it too. Okay! Bye I'll see you later girl! Okay out dumpster queen." I just rolled my eyes and got out. I walked over to my friends who were watching Nico and Thalia argue about which is better, Green Day or Linkin Park. "Guys," I said stepping between them before Nico gets a punch in the face before school, "you two argue about this topic everyday. Give it a rest. Nico, just admit Green Day is better before Thalia punches you… again. Because we don't want another yesterday do we?" I said motioning to the bruise on his cheek. "No," he muttered, "Fine, Green Day is better than Linkin Park." "Glad you finally came to your senses Death Breath," Thalia said triumphantly. "Whatever," he muttered under his breath. Percy laughed and clapped him on the back almost knocking him over, "Oh, come on come on Corpse Breath, it's not that serious. Don't get all depressed and gloomy on me now." Everyone else laughed at Nico's choice of words he muttered under his breath to Percy. You see there are a few girls who go to my school who don't have the Jason Grace infection. And those girls are the girls in my friend group, my best friend Ashley Eleni, who has a HUGE crush on my other best friend Leo Valdez, Annabeth Chase, who's dating Percy Jackson, Thalia Grace, who's his older sister, and has a crush on Nico Di Angelo, and me, who just thinks he's a plain annoying overpaid pretty boy. But I'm not saying he's pretty, I guess he is pretty good looking, but he's super annoying. "Aw man, time for school you guys," Leo said in a really weird voice looping his arms through mine and Ashley's making her blush. I smirked at her and pointed to my cheeks to indicate her blush, and she just glared. Yeah love you too Ash. Ashley and Leo have been my best friends since we were in diapers, and being terrorized by my beloved sister Drew. And the guys aren't his biggest fans either. Nico thinks he needs to disappear off the face of the earth so Linkin Park can take over the world of music, despite the fact that it would make his crush, aka Thalia, very upset, Leo wants to be friends with him so he can take all of his fans and then leave him, because he wants all of the girls to love him despite his HUGE crush on Ashley, and Percy just wants him to stop performing all of his concerts on TV, because his mom is a huge Jason Grace fan, and loves to watch all of his concerts and pretend he's singing to her, like a teenage girl would. (AN/I couldn't think of a reason for Percy! Sue me.) " All students report to the auditorium immediately. Thank you" Our principal, Chiron Brown said over the loud speaker. So everybody started walking to the auditorium, and Ashley and I finally made it out of Leo's hold, and reach, so we were walking side by side with Annabeth, and Thalia. And we all sat in a row towards the front of the auditorium, with the boys right behind us. "Good morning students, I've called you here today on behalf of a new student here at Goode high. And I would like you to give him a warm welcome, and treat him no different than you treat the rest of your classmates." And that's when he came out. -Jason's POV- So all of a sudden, there's this stupid knock on my stupid door. I groaned as I got up and walked down my stairs, "Okay who could this be at," I looked at my phone, "7 o'clock in the fucking morning?" I asked myself as I answered the door. When I saw who it was I woke right up, "D-d-dad? Lupa? What are you doing here?" I asked them as the pushed me aside and stormed into my house. Gee, sure you can come in. "Jason, put some clothes on, your manager and I don't really want to see you in your boxers son." "What?" I looked down, "ohhhhhh. I'll be right back." I said while slowly backing up the stairs and dashing into my room. I put on, a black v-neck tee, a grey vest, a pair of black skinny jeans, some dog tags, and my black slip on vans. Then, I came back down and plopped myself on my couch, "So, what up dad?" I asked. "Well," Manager Lupa started, "You're going to high school a be-" "WHAT?! No, no way! There is no way I'm going to some cruddy school, with crazed fangirls, and fanboys, and then the ones who hate me, and then the ones who then m I'm gay! No now way it's just not happening." I said crossing my arms. "No, son, that's where you're wrong. You are going to a cruddy school with crazed fangirls and boys, and finds who hate you, and ones who think you're gay. Wait, people think your gay?" he asked surprised. I rolled my eyes and nodded, " yes dad, that's why I just said it." I said as of I was talking to a three year old. "As I was saying. And Jason Zachary Grace if you interrupt me again I can promise you yep it ass will Be on my mantel!" wow violent much? "Now, your fans don't think you're educated enough. You're a 15 year old boy who doesn't go to school now what message does that give your scans? Not a good one. And your stepmother had an excellent idea, To send you to Goode high school." Lupa said. I groaned, as my manager slapped a pair of sunglasses on my face and plopped a fedora on my head. "Come on champ." My father said as he dragged me out of my house. What did I do to deserve this? I thought as I was pushed to the back seat of a Ferrari. "Hey dad? If you're going to force me to go to this cruddy school, I want a new car, spending money, all that stuff..oh