I began the first chapter of this story a few years ago. The song 'Moves Like Jagger' by Maroon 5 inspired it. But I don't have much time to write and didn't want to start another fic, until a few days ago when I heard 'Just Dance' by Lady Gaga and the need to write this fic came rushing back. The scene between Edward and Jasper from the end of ch.1 through ch.2 wouldn't leave me alone. I am also continuing to work on Sometimes. And I'll eventually try to finish up my short fics. For now, this story owns me, as do my Sometimes boys. I hope you guys like it. The theme songs for this fic are 'Sugar' and 'Moves Like Jagger' by Maroon 5, and 'Not a Bad Thing' by Justin Timberlake. Can't wait for you to meet these two… mostly Jasper this first chapter, but the second chapter will be up in the next few days. Disclaimer - I don't own anything Twilight. This is Slash. Cry Wolf – ch. 1 – Baa Baa Black Sheep Jpov - (Jasper's songs for now… Come Undone by My Darkest Days, Use Somebody by Kings of Leon, and Stop and Stare by OneRepublic) Jpov It feels like a lifetime since I last felt another's touch - since I've experienced physical contact besides the squeeze of my own calloused hand. In reality, it's barely been five months, but that's far too fucking long in my book. The last time I got laid was before my last project began, and I haven't had so much as a quickie in the back room of a club since. That last experience did me in. For some reason, when I awoke alone in my bed yet again, something inside of me snapped. I decided I couldn't do it anymore. I wouldn't. I'd picked up a pretty little blond the night before, one of which I actually felt an inkling of a connection with for a change. Apparently, he didn't feel one with me - besides of the physical sort, of course. It hurt like hell in the light of day when he was gone as if he'd never been in my bed to begin with - more than it had the time before, which was more than the time before that. What should I expect, moving from city to city like I do? I don't deserve anything more. But one night stands no longer work for me. I don't have room in my life for a relationship, nor do I have the heart, so then why do I need more than nameless many? I don't have the right to want more, let alone to need more, but I do. After much time spent contemplating how to compromise what I want and what I need with a plausible solution, I've come to a conclusion on the subject. I've decided I need a fuck-buddy. Maybe, just maybe, a friend-with-benefits will quell this annoying yearning for consistency that taunts me so. From deep within my psyche, or maybe from somewhere inside my skittish heart – the unwanted longing for the ridiculous 'more' rears its ugly head. Wherever the little fucker comes from, it won't shut-up. So… a no strings attached 'one' someone to spend repeated times with will have to do since I'm most definitively not boyfriend material. I wasn't then and I'm not now. I may never be. I'm aware of the draw backs of this detached intimacy I seek. Quite frankly, such an arrangement scares the hell out of me. For instance, it will be necessary to reach a level of trust with this someone by becoming friends first, before the friends-with-benefits relationship can take form. I'll have to place faith in this person to not use me and leave me. I'll need to actually date him, whoever he is – get to know him well enough to establish some ground rules. And once we finally get to the good stuff - the fucking, the regularly scheduled fucking – I will never, under any circumstances, allow my special friend to spend the night. No drifting off into sweet slumber with a warm body next to mine. And most certainly, never ever, can I allow cuddling or pillow talk to occur after he's spent and I'm spent because the fucking his brains out is over. No, no – nuh, uh. And last but certainly not least, if whoever 'he' may be leaves when I'm done with his body never to be heard from again, despite my efforts to prevent it? Well then, I will not allow myself to feel rejected, nor dejected. I won't allow myself to feel. Anything. Period. I'm scared. I had a similar arrangement once, and it didn't end well. I did not end it well. I was young and stupid and terrified. I've matured since then. I think I'm ready to try again. I know better what to do. What not to do. Not to get attached. Not to get involved. And definitely not to allow myself to fall in love. San Francisco seems like the perfect location to find the un-relationship I seek. I'll be here for the next six months, atleast. My newest project will take that long, if not longer. Atlanta was nice, real nice; as were Kansas City and Jacksonville and Cleveland before that. The list goes on and on. Fifteen cities in the six years since I left home, when I inadvertently started my building restoration company. I stumbled into it, really. Who knew hard work and attention to detail mixed in with a good dose of natural born talent would pay off so well. That it would lead me to where I am now, the co-owner of a lucrative business at the ripe old age of twenty-four. My partner is none other than my Uncle Aro, the black sheep of the family. He buys old buildings, I restore them, and we split the profit. It's worked perfectly so far, and it's kept me on the road, where I want to be. It's also led me to follow in Uncle Aro's footsteps in the black sheep department. I'm no longer my parents dream come true, but instead their disappointment of a son who decided to be gay, and to leave town, to never come back. I damned near took Uncle Aro's place as the head black sheep as far as my parents are concerned. Ah, hell… I never wanted to be a black sheep. I don't even like animals, especially of the farm variety. I just want to live my life free to be me. If I want to fuck pretty boys or burly men without shame or consequence, I will do so with pride and conviction. Thank god I stay so busy all the time. Too busy to think about the confused boy I used to be or the lonely man I've become. I left Forks the day I graduated from high school and haven't looked back. I've lost touch with everyone from my previous life - my parents, my best friend, my first love – though I didn't know Alec was my first love at the time. Or maybe I did, but just couldn't admit it. My best friend Emmett and I were inseparable growing up. But he didn't take too well to the truth, once he stumbled upon it. I hadn't worked up the nerve to tell him; I hid it from him like I hid it from everyone else. Unfortunately, it dawned on him in a too bright and blinding sort of way when he found me and Alec in the old tree house. His tree house, really… seeing as it was on Em's property. But it had been ours, his and mine, when we were kids. We'd visited it less and less over the years, and I was desperate for a place to take Alec that night. I'd used it before, but I should have known better. Emmett found us. And all of a sudden as far as he was concerned his best friend whom he'd bunked with at summer camp, shared a locker room with through the years of football, and stayed over at one another's houses more often than not - was gay. Only, gay wasn't the term he used as he yelled and cussed me out that night. No, gay wasn't what he called me. I wouldn't have minded 'gay' - I mean, it was the truth. But I couldn't forgive the terms he did use, the slurs he spit at me and Alec with contempt and fury in his eyes. My worst nightmare come true. I'd lied to him for years and the fact that I was gay disgusted him. I've not talked to him since I stood tall and proud against his judging glare. I pulled my jeans up with my head held high and waited for Alec to do the same. We descended the ladder without looking back. I took Alec home and told him I'd see him at graduation. Though my heart hurt from the depth of Emmett's rejection, I simultaneously felt relieved. My secret was out. Maybe I could finally begin living my life. Maybe I could start being myself. I imagined approaching Alec at graduation the next day, and for once, not hiding the effect he always had on me - not avoiding him in public for fear others would see the truth about us. Only, I never made it to graduation. When I got home, Emmet had been there and told my parents of his discovery. They didn't take the news about my sexual preference much better than Em did. So, instead of attending graduation, I left town. My heart was breaking and I was simultaneously seeing red. Still, it wasn't my finest moment, for sure. I should have stayed and worked things out with them, but I knew how my father had always felt about his brother's, Uncle Aro's, life style. Things could never be the same between my parents and myself, and that pissed me off. Who were they to judge me? The fact that I'm attracted to boys instead of girls did not change anything. I was still their son, the same son I'd always been. They should've stuck up for me. Instead, they waited for me to arrive home with accusing glares and disappointed words. Forks is but a memory. Emmett and my parents and Alec are, too. It's how it has to be. San Francisco suits me for more than just the obvious reason. This city is alive with hope and tranquility. It gets me and I get it. I'd even go so far as to call it my home, considering it's where Volturi Real Estate is located, and for the time being, Whitlock Renovations is, too. I visit here often, but usually only take jobs across the country, in far off distant lands, as far away from that little town in Washington as possible. Aro understands. He's gone along with my need to move around and stay away. Until recently, when he talked me into our newest project, more like begged me to stay in town until its completion. We'll transform an old warehouse into a museum. It's our biggest project to date and will require me to stay in one place longer than I have since commencing my wandering life. Uncle Aro won't admit it, but I know his true motive. He simply wants me around. I'm his only family who actually talks to him. He's getting older and he needs me, his nephew, in his life on a daily basis. He's done so much for me, it's the least I can do. But when this job is done, I'll hit the road, again. I've rented an apartment in the heart of the city. Bunking with Uncle Aro won't do for an extended stay such as this, even though he has an amazing 5,000 square