Finally… Happy Birthday, Nancy! Yes, this is a very late birthday fic for harrytwifan. It is unbetaed, so pretty please excuse my mistakes. This fic was originally inspired by the movie The Breakfast Club. The song inspirations are Don't You Forget About Me by Simple Minds, and Boom Clap by Charli XCX. You might notice the influence of some other eighties movies from time to time, as well. I meant to write a OS, but that's just not happening. Not too sure how many chapters… however many it takes, I guess. ;-) Disclaimer- I don't own anything Twilight. This is Slash. Ch. 1 - I See You Hey, hey, hey ,hey Ohhh Won't you come see about me? I'll be alone, dancing you know it, baby Tell me your troubles and doubts giving me everything, inside and out and… Edward pov How did I get myself into this? Never in my life have I had a lunch or an after-school detention, let alone a fucking Saturday. I'm not sure what I thought would happen. That's just it, I guess. I didn't think for once, and it felt fucking fantastic. I've had as much as I can stand of listening to my dad's shit about my 'F' in shop, about how disappointed he and my mother are in me. I'm disappointed enough in myself, in my first less than stellar grade. I don't need to be constantly reminded of my failure. Fuck him. He treats me like shit, anyway. Always has. It's like he doesn't love me; he sure as fuck doesn't know me. He lacks any fraternal instinct toward me, and I can't stand him in return. I'm used to the line of his verbal bullshit, about how worthless I am, that the only thing I have going for me are my smarts, and if I fuck that up I'll have nothing. I'll be nothing because I am nothing. But in hind sight, I should have known it would eventually escalate into more. Finally, yesterday… it did. It's been a long time coming now that I think about it; I've seen that gleam in his eye more and more lately - the one he gets when I just know he wants to hit me so badly he can taste it. I never thought he would, though. Yesterday morning I'd had enough. I was done listening to his verbal abuse and he knew it. He must've recognized my taller stance or the clench of my jaw. Before I worked up the nerve to actually stand up for myself, he back handed me, hard… really fucking hard, across my left eye. That shit hurt! He caught me with his fat, stubby knuckles or something, because it felt as if he'd punched me with his fist. By the time I made it to school with a swollen purple shiner and a rather large chip on my shoulder, I was thoroughly soaked to the bone from the downpour that followed me the entire mile walk. First fucking time I've ever missed the bus; let's just say I was raring to go at it, with anyone, like my prick of a shop teacher. Especially with my prick of a shop teacher, because that's exactly what he is, a grade A prick. First, he decided to use my sorry excuse for a bookcase as an example of everything not to do in carpentry. Then, when he insisted I remove my sunglasses, the sunglasses that were hiding something I desperately didn't want anyone to see – Yeah… I kind-of lost it just a little bit. Actually, for me, I lost it allot. I threw that stupid fucking bookcase across the room and told him what I think of him. Everything I think of him. That he's an ignorant asshole who should go fuck himself. That he's disgusting and stupid, along with a few other things. I don't even remember everything that flew out of my mouth just then. The first thing I do remember is running from the school - rather dramatically, I might add. There was no slipping inconspicuously from the building, no sneaking past the front office unseen. I ran screaming and cursing through the halls, across the school yard, into the adjacent woods. I don't know what got into me, but it felt great. I spent hours in the forest pondering the hell that is my life and how much being a teenager sucks ass. Not that I wouldn't mind sucking someone's ass, one boy's in particular, which is another facet of the hell that is my life. Let's just say Forks isn't the easiest place to be out and proud. Especially not for someone as shy and backward as myself. Although, as ass-backward as I am with most people, I'm that popular if not more amongst my fellow geeks. Go figure! Call me comfortable in my own element or some shit like that; I don't fucking know and I don't pretend to understand. I just am - popular in my own little circle, yet a social outcast to everyone else. One might think my ridiculed friends would be conscious of other people's feelings and not prejudice, not just plain mean, having suffered through their own fair share of being judged and bullied and shit like that, right? Uh… fuck, no. They are just as unaccepting as the next guy. Which is why I haven't confided in one of my so called friends, not a one, not even my best friend Ben - the undeniable fact that I'm gay. And I have no plans to in the immediate or distant future. I'm fine here in my closet. It's comfy and safe. Lonely, too – suffocatingly so, but still, I can hang out here a little while longer, until I go to college, where I can finally be myself. I'll just have to figure out who myself is when I get there. During my short sabbatical to the woods, my father's words kept repeating in my head, running on a never ending loop like a broken record. The only thing you have going for you are your smarts . The only thing you have going for you are your smarts. And it hit me. That's right! I'm fucking brilliant. I have allot going for me as a matter of fact. Soon enough I'll have my scholarship. I'll leave this tiny town and never look back - except to call my parents to gloat as to how well I'm doing from time to time. I can't wait to do exactly that. " Hello, mother who never stuck up for me… and dear old asshole of a dad. That's right. I'm a brain surgeon. And no, I won't be home for mother fucking Christmas." God, I can be such a hateful son-of-a-bitch sometimes. I wonder who I got that from… So, I returned to school with every intention of attending last period, but the principal and my parents were awaiting my return. I kept my mouth shut about the real reason my face looks like it does, and my dad kept his mouth shut about me receiving my first detention. We've had some sort of an unspoken truce ever since. Imagine that. So, here I am on a Saturday morning, making my way to the school library to get this shit done. I'll use the eight hours to study, no problem. The empty halls are a nice change from their usual chaos. Too bad the school isn't deserted like this all the time. The smell of smoke hits me before I get through the library doors. Of course, he's here. I knew he would be. Where else would he be on a Saturday? Jasper Whitlock. Just saying his name in my head makes my dick hard. Every time. I may not be surprised that he's in Saturday detention, but that he's here early surprises me a whole fucking lot. He's sitting back in his chair, combat boots propped up on the table, trench coat flowing around him. Sometimes he wears a black leather jacket and cowboy boots instead, but today he's chosen his grunge look. I'm not complaining. There's something about his don't-give-a-fuck style that suits him perfectly. His jeans are always tight, though, that's for sure - showing off his muscular legs. His strong, muscular legs. Fuck, he looks so strong - the opposite of myself, and that turns me on beyond belief. What I wouldn't give to just crawl up onto that sexy lap of his. His head is back, eyes are closed as he takes a drag from his cigarette, blowing the smoke out in rings into the air above him. His longish dirty blonde curls are in their usual tangled disarray, looking rather, well… dirty. But I know his hair to be anything but. I sit behind him in advanced chemistry, you see – yes, he is in advanced chemistry and every other advanced class there is. I may or may not, on occasion, only when I'm sure no one else is looking - lean forward and breathe him in. I might reach out to barely touch the ends of his tangled hair, too. I can tell you, that shit is soft, and smells like a cross between candy apples and vanilla. I kid you not, it's the god's honest truth. Sure the hint of smoke is laced in with his naturally delicious scent sometimes, but only when he's been out in the yard with his criminal friends, if one can call them friends. The question that haunts me, that I end up pondering every time I see Jasper and every time I think about him, which is all the fucking time – is how can someone so bad-ass be breath-takingly beautiful at the same time? And that's just it... he takes my breath away. I don't know what it is about him. I mean, he is hot as hell. That fact can't be disputed. But we don't have anything in common – hotness, included. We don't run in the same crowd, to say the least. I'm a geek. He's a crimmy, short for one of the criminals, though I don't think he's every actually broken the law. He hangs out with those who have or want to, which makes him one by default. There are the rumors… numerous rumors about the terrible things Jasper Whitlock has done. Supposedly he was in jail for putting someone in the hospital, he was in juvy three or four times, and rehab. There's the practically urban legend about how bat-shit crazy Jasper is; that he'll do anything to anybody at any time. "Don't fuck with Jasper Whitlock," they all say, "cuz he's certifiable." That particular rumor is just plain ridiculous. I've only seen him violent once, and it was when he rather roughly stuffed a football player into a locker for picking on a freshman. My personal favorite rumor is the one I fantasize about nightly, the one about him being gay and a legendary power top. Some say he's fucked more male students at Forks High than Jessica Stanley. People believe what they want to; they only see what they want to see and hear what they choose to hear, but I know the truth. I see the truth about Jasper. I've seen how he feeds the stray cats that live behind the school. He drives his would-be sister to school and back home, every damned day. He picks up books when assholes trip geeks, causing geeks to drop those books all over the floor in the hall… my books. His hands are warm and unbelievably soft, causing a tingling sensation to spread across one's skin when dropped books are passed back to geeks, ever so gently placed in trembling hands… my hands. I know there's something about him, radiating from that penetrating stare of his. There's something dangerous, but mostly deep, so fucking deep and powerful; a force just waiting to be discovered and