This was my entry into the FB Slashwriter's Workshop Pic contest. The pic was of a man leaning over a railing, down to his lover who is clutching his hand against his face lovingly. They appear to be happy and in love (to me). This image will make another appearance in a later chapter. I also found inspiration in music as always, in an all-time favorite song of mine ever since it was written for one of my favorite movies as a teenager. If You Leave by Orchestral Menoeuvres in the Dark . Does anyone remember what the movie was? And of course you know that harritwifan played an integral role in the completion of this story. First with her unwavering support to enter the contest and then with her amazing beta services at the last minute, literally, when I finally finished writing it. Thank you as always most motibational beta! (Yes, "b" instead of "v"!) DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything Twilight. This story contains boy/boy lovin' of all sorts so please do not read if you don't like that sort-of thing. And you must be 18! Prompt - #11 Penname - marriedmyedward Pairing – Jasper/Edward Summary – Seven years have seen Jasper and Edward through college and law school, the best of friends. Always only friends until the eve of Edward's departure to take a job on the other side of the country, the night before he leaves when feelings change and attraction develops into something they both might not be able to live without. If You Leave Ch. 1 – Touch You Once J pov We should be packing but instead we reminisce. Edward is leaving tomorrow to start his dream position in New York. We just graduated from Stanford Law and he's following his dreams. I'm staying here. I've joined a small practice in nearby San Francisco to stay close to my mama, of whom I refuse to relocate again with her failing health. She already uprooted once to follow me here from Texas. I find myself mesmerized by the sight of him as he takes swigs from his Newcastle in between fits of laughter, remembering some of our antics as undergraduates. Unexpectedly in awe of his beauty, it hits me like a ton of bricks. He hits me like a ton of bricks in the stomach- among other parts of my anatomy. Of course, I've always known he is gorgeous. I mean, everyone knows Edward is gorgeous. I doubt anyone, man nor woman, has set eyes on him and escaped the need to look twice. At least. But his beauty has never affected me like this, suddenly causing warmth to pool in my hardening dick, and an unsettling ache to bloom in my chest. Although we're both gay, we've always just been friends, seeing each other through various failed relationships and the hell that has been law school. But never anything more. I've never felt anything more than friendship for him. Until now. Why now? Why, when he's leaving tomorrow, for good, for New York? An insurmountable distance for anything but old friendship between us? Why do I choose now to want him in a different way? In this new way? Too late, I realize his laughter has subsided. He stares back at me, mirroring my pensive gaze. Too many things hang between us, in this silent conversation we are not having. I bolt off the couch, to the kitchen for another beer… nothing another beer can't cure, right? I'm just emotional because he's leaving. He's been like my right arm for seven years. Of course I'm going to miss him. That's all this is. So then, why am I trembling? I am… I'm fucking trembling, and it's not due to the fact that I stand here in front of the open refrigerator. No… I'm trembling from quite the opposite sensation. From heat. From his all-encompassing heat, as he now stands just behind me. I feel him there as a tear trickles down my cheek. His hands find my shoulders. Squeezing, reassuring. Permeating me with his warmth. His voice is but a whisper, but I hear him loud and clear. "I'm going to miss you, too, Jasper. So fucking much." I should turn around. I know this. I want to turn around so badly; I need to. And I should. But I don't. I can't face this tonight for him to leave me with it tomorrow. Yet I force myself to take deep breaths. I rally. I can do this. Whatever this is… But he is gone by the time I work up the nerve to face him. His bedroom door closes and he doesn't emerge for fifteen minutes. When he does, his eyes are puffy and red as they meet my concerned gaze, both of us trying to smile, both of us failing miserably. We don't say a word. We just stare until whatever this is brewing between us becomes too much for me to bear. So I force myself to act as if it doesn't exist. Because it doesn't. It can't. Nothing can exist between us. Our friendship will be lucky to survive. He leaves tomorrow regardless of what happens tonight. The tense atmosphere of the rest of the evening prevents the send-off I'd hoped for, but we somehow manage to finish packing. The mutual pensive mood takes its toll on both of us and becomes too much for me to take. I've got to get out of here. I'm terrible at goodbyes and saying goodbye to Edward is just about to kill me. I'd thought I'd see him off in the morning, but it might be best if we just get this over with tonight. "I'm gonna head out, let you get some rest for your trip." He looks surprised. He looks hurt by my sudden announcement. "So the movers will be here Tuesday? I'll make sure your things get on the truck safely. I've got your back. I'll always have your back." He doesn't answer me. He just stares at me as if I've grown a second head or something. And then he is walking toward me. Stalking, really. Stalking toward me, where I've already begun to make my way toward the door, desperately trying to escape the new feelings raging through me that have no fucking time and no fucking place in this here and now. He's leaving. He will not be here for me to love like this. Or to do the things to that I now so desperately want to do. That I need to. Because I need him. He stops just in front of me, the emotions on his face mirroring my own. But he shows me more. He shows me acceptance of what is happening between us. He shows me surrender to what we must do. "Don't leave now, Jasper. Just tonight. We'll go our separate ways tomorrow, but we still have tonight." He states this matter-of-factly. He doesn't ask. He simply takes, first my face into his strong hands, caressing with soothing fingers. Then my quivering lips within his, open and wet. Claiming mine as his tongue slips between them, into my opening mouth, against my asking tongue. And I'm moaning at the raw need for him bubbling from deep within. From a place inside me I didn't know existed until this very moment. His arms slip down my arms, around my back, pulling me closer. Melding to his, my body caves to him, giving him everything, anything he asks. I am his to do with what he pleases. And thankfully he pleases to pull me down the hall to his bedroom. He means to take me to his bed. And while my head yells, "Stop. You can't do this. Not now," my heart murmurs, "Yes. This is right. It's now or never." But my body screams, begs for his touch, for whatever I can have of him, and for however long I can have it. We very slowly stumble toward our destination, grasping and groping, kissing mouths and necks and shoulders along the way. Piece by piece our clothing is dropped along our path. By the time we finally make it near the foot of his bed we are both completely naked. And it's the most natural feeling in the world being naked here with him like this. As if we've done this a thousand times. But we haven't. Although we should have. His bedroom is barren with newly lonely walls, the pictures having been carefully removed, wrapped and packed by my very own hands mere hours earlier. A glimpse of the stacked boxes in the corner snaps me back to my senses, momentarily releasing me from the lust induced haze his kisses have wrapped me in. What am I doing? What are we doing? Why are we starting something that we will not have a chance to finish? He senses my indecision, my hesitancy. I sense his unwavering need for me, for this - for tonight. Begging for me, he whispers pleas against my lips, along my jaw, beneath my ear. "Stay with me, Jasper." "I need you tonight." "Please stay." "Please say you will." I can't refuse him this. I don't think I could refuse him anything. So tonight I'll give him my body, my heart, my soul. And tomorrow I'll deal with the consequences. "Tonight I am yours," I murmur into his hair. "Thank you… I need you. I need this." He slowly drops to his knees before me, kissing his way from each nipple, down my abdomen, until he is where I need him to be, so badly. He grasps the cheeks of my ass to draw me as close to him as possible, nuzzling his face tenderly between my erection and where my groin meets my leg, inhaling deeply and groaning in appreciation at the essence he finds there. "Fuck, Jasper… you smell so good, baby." My fingers tangle in his tousled hair, finding his scalp to hold him in place as his hand skims up my inner thigh, finding my balls. They already ache so sweetly for release. A release I predict will outshine any other I've experienced before, brought on by this amazing man before me who is already playing my body as if he's touched me a thousand times and knows exactly what I need. I watch him intently as I practically gasp for each breath; grazing his cheek along my shaft is as mesmerizing in sight as is its decadent sensation. He pulls enough away to finally really look at me there, at my rigid cock leaking for him. He seems to like what he sees, a low guttural moan escaping his chest just as he licks the pre-cum dripping from its tip, causing me to jerk at the hot moist feel of him there. Against my will, my hands pull his head to where I need him and he knows what I ask, opening so wide and engulfing my cock within his giving mouth until I'm hitting the back of his throat. Fuck, he feels so good, his mouth feels so right as he begins an amazing technique unique to him, sucking and pulling, up then back down, swirling his tongue with just the right pressure, in just the right spot, like nothing I've ever experienced before. He has me cumming down his throat before I know what's hit me, helpless to the intensity of my climax. Once he has swallowed every drop and licked me clean, he lays my shaky form on the bed, holding me in his arms until I come down from the high he has so lovingly given me. I feel his cock so hard against my leg, mine already filling again with need for his touch. We lay kissing in each other's arms. First slowly and sensually, learning the feel of each other's lips and tongue, of one another's body as we caress and explore. We discover responses, like