AN: Oh lord, this little thing came to me one morning between sleep and awake. It was just so clear and present that I had to write it so I wrote this piece. Then afterward it wouldn't let me go. So I wrote and wrote and wrote. I'm currently at eleven chapters and not even to the real root of the story. So yeah, it's being continued. Just not sure when yet. Watch this space. Much, much love to Lyricalkris for betaing this for me and to Angelycdevil and lellabeth for pre-reading for me. Those girls are awesome and you should check out their stories to! Author name: EveryDayBella Email Address: doctorwhoandtennentlover FFN profile page link: ~everydaybella Title of Story: Web of Fate Word Count: 5318 Type of Edward: norseward Category (Literotica or Young Adult): Literotica Story Summary: The night Edvard was born, the Fates sealed his destiny. He grew into his role of a warrior, but his heart never belonged to the jarl's daughter as the Fates intended. Instead is belonged to another, a seer named Elísabet. But can true love cut the thread that even the Gods could not? Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Web of Fate The long house was full this night. The boats had returned with treasures from the East, and it was time to celebrate and give thanks to the gods. With luck, Odin had smiled on them and the winter would be brief. The air was filled with the sound of drums, chatting, and laughter. One of Jarl Ari's attendants had produced a harp. Its plaintive sound could barely be heard over the clatter of stone cups and the lewd laughter of the men. Elísabet, from the time she was a still a young girl clinging to her mother's skirts, had always loved the parties thrown by the Jarl and his wife. She loved the smell of rich, fatty meats roasting over open flames and the taste of a strong ale on her tongue. She would let the beat of the drum seep into her bones and carry her through the night. As the daughter of the seer, she knew what it was to commune with the gods, but it was the communing with the gods' creations that had always fascinated her most. This night was different. She weaved through the bodies and smoke—a ghost amongst men. She ignored the call of men longing for the warmth of a woman's body. The months had been long on the seas, after all. She knew where she was going and managed to block out the crowd around her. He was hard to miss. The bronze fire of his hair stood out through the haze that filled the air. The sharp planes of his face were highlighted in the glow from the fires. He was surrounded, and appeared to be retelling a story. He used his hands to talk, and Elísabet was enraptured watching the muscles in his arm ripple as he made grand gestures. His fingers were long, graceful. He had the fingers of a musician, not a warrior, yet she knew that he was more than capable on the battlefield. Her mother had prophesied over him as a babe. It appeared Odin was more than pleased with him. As if sensing her gaze, his green eyes flashed up to hers. She was still standing in the back of the longhouse. How he saw her small body, hiding amongst the crowd, she would never know. As soon as their eyes met, his words died out and he stared, transfixed in her gaze. It was shock, awe, and no small amount of reverence. She was a goddess too good for the realm of Midgard and he was her vassal. His lips turned up into a beautiful smile—blissful and mischievous. So many months at sea, yet here he was. The entire community surrounded them, but they were the only beings in each other's eyes. Time had not dimmed her beauty, nor his fierceness. Elísabet spoke more with her eyes than her lips. He saw eternity in her gaze, and would have chased her to end of this earth and the next to remain in it. She crooked her finger, drawing him forward, then disappeared into the sea of people. It wasn't hard for her to weave through the people still celebrating in the longhouse. She was ethereal and unnoticed unless she wanted to be. Slipping through the crowd, she made it out the door. The thick, warm air inside gave away to the cool autumn breeze. Winter was coming and with it, the snows. Elísabet knew time was short and sent a silent prayer to Freya and Lofn that the fates would be kind this night. Before he could catch her, she pulled her cloak tighter around herself and set out across the street. She could feel him behind her, following her trail through the mists. The forest loomed tall and foreboding before them, but that was where she was heading. They should have been frightened. The forests were haunted and she was but a girl, barely a woman, and the daughter of the seer. The hold would come to depend on her visions when the gods reclaimed her Mother. He was a warrior, strong and fierce in battle as only Thor had been before him. His enemies were flesh and blood. Their bones could break and their life's blood could spill, but his sword had no power over the spirits that roamed the woods. His battle cry could not scare them, and his strength would have no effect over them. Neither of them gave thought to their fear, however. The night was dark, and the mists hid them from the world. They knew these paths and the forests were home. The spirits would respect their coupling in a way that their own people never would have. He caught her as she stepped foot into the glade. His strong, calloused hands grabbed her wrist, twisting her to face him. His lips descended and he kissed her with ravenous force. His moan filled the moonlit glade and she melted into his embrace. His arms held strong to her waist and she could feel the warmth seeping off his body. Elísabet clung tight to his shoulders. The furs and leather of his clothing were soft and smooth, but she longed for the roughness of his skin. With his lips still devouring hers, she reached for the ties of his tunic. She fumbled with the knots and moaned as her frustration grew. She needed him. It had been many long months since she had felt him against her. She had spent the summer uncertain as to where he was, or if the Valkyries had taken him to Valhalla. She had been unable to show her worry and fear with the other women. No one could know they did this. She had been alone in her thoughts. He pulled away from her long enough to slip the leather over his head. The hard planes of his chest were exposed to her hungry eyes. She wasn't given much time to drink him in. His lips were soon on her neck, licking, sucking and biting the creamy skin there. She arched in his arms, offering herself as a sacrifice to him and only him. "Elísabet," he moaned, his voice deep and smooth like the roar of the thunder. "My beautiful, Bet. I have missed you." Elísabet's skin warmed as the childhood nickname fell from his lips. She still remembered the teasing smile he would give her as he chased her through the streets of the village. They had been playmates and confidants. She had soaked his bruises when he learned to fight, and only she had known how much it hurt. He was the only one who shortened her name. Only he called her Bet. "Edvard," she whispered, for once forgetting the gods, and the jarl, and the whole hold. Nothing existed in that moment but his arms around her and his lips against the tender skin of her neck. Her fingers twisted into his long, thick hair, and she clung to him as if the mists would make him disappear. "You were gone too long." He made a low sound of contentment and nuzzled against her. The rough hairs of his short beard tickled her sensitive skin and sent a shiver of delight down her spine. "I came back as soon as I could." His breath was hot against her skin and his arms tightened, holding her closer to the warmth of his skin. "It was still too long. I was so lonely. There was no one I could talk to. You took them all with you." Edvard pulled away and placed Elísabet back on her feet. He dwarfed her in size—she looked small and delicate next to him—but he knew the true strength of her heart. She was no warrior. She had never taken part in play fighting with the other children, but she was more certain and stout than the greatest warrior Edvard knew. So while she looked small next to him, she appeared to be a giant in his eyes. His large hands cupped her cheeks, the light of the moon reflected in her eyes. "I followed the jarl the battle, but my heart was here with you. Whether we are in secret or in front of the whole horde, it is always yours, Bet. You are my first thought when I wake in the morning, and the last when my eyes close at night." The smile that grew across her face was blinding. She knew their future was limited, but that would not stop her from loving him while there was still yet time. "As you are mine, Edvard." His lips swooped down to hers, and this time they were gentle and loving. Their souls caressed each other's like ancient lovers, recognizing their other half. For the first time in months Edvard and Elísabet felt complete. Time was foremost in their minds, and it seemed to be ticking down all too fast. It was borrowed from the gods, and they would soon demand payment. Their lips grew hungrier, fever again taking over. The cold mists swept in and hid them from the world. Elísabet's fingers traced the planes of Edvard's bare back. She could feel the fine tremors snake through him. His hardness, still contained behind the leather of his pants, pressed into her stomach as he held her. One of Edvard's hands held a handful of her thick brown hair, while the other bunched the soft white fabric of her cloak. He had never seen her in something so fine, and it had left him breathless when he first saw her in the longhouse. She had appeared out of the crowd and smoke as a ghost, and he still wasn't convinced she wasn't a spirit walking out of his dreams. Elísabet pushed against his chest and he released her. He watched, spellbound as she pulled the golden cord at her throat. The cloak fell to her feet with a whisper, revealing every graceful line of her body. She had worn nothing under the white cloak, her body a feast for his eyes. He had not seen her like this since he left to go viking with the jarl. He felt like a man being offered a drink of cold water after traversing a great dessert. She blushed under his studious gaze but had not felt so alive in months. His blazing green eyes turned her skin to fire. The chilly air caused her nipples to harden. Edvard's eyes roamed her body, drinking in the sight of her. She was the apple of his eye. He only wished he could claim her before the eyes of the company. She belonged to him in the eyes of the gods, but to the hold, she was an unclaimed