A/N: So this is a different take on the Harry Potter world from some of my previous fanfictions. In this one while it will likely end up just as political as some of the other fanfictions I am working on it lack the fandom Lords and Noble Houses. With this fanfic I am taking a somewhat closer to cannon approach on the world before I suddenly take a sharp left and veer away. On that note I should mention that there will be a very sharp deviation from cannon elements rather shortly and the chances of return are slim to none. Anyways expect me to try and tackle a few things I absolutely adore in fanfics but haven't seen done yet (that I know of I have hardly read every fanfic out there) and trying my own spin on it. Expect Grey but not not maniacally evil Dumbledore also. As always the private messages and reviews are always appreciated. It should be mentioned that I do not own Harry Potter. I can only thank Rowling for this sandbox that so many individuals, myself included, get to dream in. I write only because I have read so many fanfics that I've begun having my own ideas that refuse to get out of my head. Harry lay in his bed as outside his window the morning light was just starting to creep up in the east. It was already light enough that he could read the elegant script of the letter he held in his hand. His fingers lightly traced over each letter one by one rereading it for the thousandth time, his eyes followed but were hollow as he relived for the millionth time that instant when his godfather Sirius Black had fallen through the Veil of Death in the Department of Mysteries's Death Chamber. In three years Sirius Black had gone from the man who had betrayed his parents and murdered thirteen muggles, to his innocent godfather who was going to take him away from the Dursleys and their abuse. Then in the same night that he'd learned that wonderful fact he'd yet again become a fugitive on the run when Peter Petigrew, the true traitor, had disappeared into the night and Sirius had been left high and dry once more. He'd performed seemingly impossible magic by repelling over a hundred Dementors a few hours before rescuing Sirius a second time only to watch him fly off on Hippogriff back away from Hogwarts. Since then through letters and floo chats Sirius had become Harry's confidant and source of advice such as when he had been about to face the Hungarian Horntail in the first task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament. Sirius had been one of few who had believed without a doubt that Harry had been innocent of submitting his name. And then before his fifth year during his time at 12 Grimmuald Place Sirius had once been a source of stability. As much as Harry hated to admit it Sirius had come to be a father figure to him, more than just his role as Harry's Godfather, but in some way to Harry's mind, his true father. He had never known his real father James, his only memory of his mother Lily was found only with the help of the Dementors as she begged with Voldemort on the night of her death. And now Sirius was dead and Harry was adrift once more. True he wasn't completely alone, glancing to the side at the window the opened letters from Ron and Hermione were stacked up already. There had even been a pair of letters from Mr. and Mrs. Weasley in that stack both wishing him well in the aftermath of Sirius's death. As much as he liked his best guy friend's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley weren't parent figures to him either, after all he hadn't spent much more time with them than he had with Sirius and there had been even less of a bond there despite how much Mrs. Weasley mothered over him. So Harry was once more alone and adrift without a father or mother and now without a godfather. His godmother of course was Mrs. Longbottom who though still alive was confined to St. Mungo's likely for the rest of her life due to her experience at the tender mercies of the Cruciatus Curse. With a sigh he sat up and set the letter he'd been holding the whole time on the bed before glancing at the clock and seeing that it was almost six in the morning. With a sigh he got up and left his room to briefly make a trip to the bathroom to shower and get ready for the day ahead being as quiet as possible and as quick as possible to avoid the Dursleys. He was back in his room less than ten minutes later his hair still wet. He glanced at himself in the mirror hanging on his wall. He was finally starting to grow past his underfed size that had plagued him through years of the Dursleys. Hogwarts food ten months out of the year had helped of course. He was even barely starting to show muscle tone though it wasn't much given he had been absent a year of Quiditch, true as a seeker he had been lean anyways but contrary to popular belief flying around on brooms did require a certain level of muscle and most quiditch players usually came out with a lean build. Beaters of course had more pronounced upper body builds but given that they swung bats at flying cannonballs in midair that went without saying. He took a comb to his hair briefly trying and failing as always to tame the classic Potter hair that had plagued him all his life. Giving up thirty seconds in like always he quickly got dressed. Today in half an hour Mad Eye Moody and Tonks from the Order of the Phoenix would be taking him to Gringotts for the reading of Sirius's will. As much as he wanted to avoid the finality of Sirius's death as it turned out in wizarding law, any person named in a will reading for any reason was required to be there. He selected a set of open robes over muggle clothes. As always the clothes were second hand, anything nice would be suspicious to the Dursleys but at least these fit him after he'd snuck out to a thrift store a few days previous. A trip to Gringotts at the beginning of summer had converted a few galleons into several hundred pounds of British Muggle currency and it had been more than enough to at least get him clothes that fit as opposed to Dudley's old hand-offs. He'd been purchasing new second hand clothes that fit him ever since the end of his third year when the threat of his supposedly murderous godfather had gotten the Dursleys to back off enough that he could catch the Knight's Bus wherever he needed to go. He slipped his wand into his pants and folded his robes over his arm as he headed downstairs where he spent the remaining time until the bottom of the hour quietly eating toast while he waited for his escort and wondering why he needed the escort so badly when he'd been to Diagon Alley and Gringotts four separate times on his own in the past three years but he hadn't fought it much, frankly he liked Tonks and Mad Eye even as paranoid as he was was at least pleasant even if he kept expecting Harry, or anyone else for that matter, to suddenly attack him given how Mad Eye's magical eye always seemed to fix on Harry whenever the two were near each other. But then Mad Eye had spent the better part of the year locked in his own trunk so Harry figured the man wasn't completely starkers over his behavior. At six thirty on the nose there was a knock on the front door of 4 Privet Drive and Harry walked over, his wand slipping from his pants to be held behind him as he opened the door and looked out to see Mad Eye and Tonks standing there dressed in Muggle clothes. Well Tonks was dressed in Muggle Clothes though the tee shirt did have the writing Wierd Sisters World Tour on it. Mad Eye on the other hand was wearing a robe that luckily looked like a trench coat somehow, no doubt the paranoid old man was carrying ever conceivable poison antidote in the pockets that littered the front and sides. "Wotcher Harry." Tonks said even as Harry glanced from her to Mad Eye. Mad Eye's magical eye first looked at Harry's face and scar and then zipped down and Mad Eye smirked. "Smart Potter. At least you aren't keeping your wand in your pocket where it can blast your butt cheek off anymore. Harry couldn't resist smiling slightly even in his wearied mental state given that the Moody imposter Barty Crouch Jr. had said much the same, clearly the Death Eater had studied Mad Eye extensively before assuming his role. He glanced to the side and gave the pink haired witch in the teeshirt a nod. "Hey Tonks." Even as Mad Eye walked inside the house his magical eye swiveling around taking in everything before swiveling back on Harry. "Alright Potter. What creature is currently living in the upstairs of 12 Grimmauld Place." Harry expecting the paranoid retired Auror's question to make sure that Harry was indeed Harry spoke instantly given that he knew the answer. "A Hippogriff named Buckbeak." Mad Eye nodded before pulling a rusted tin can from one pocket and a pocket watch from his other. "We've got one minute before this activates but best get your hand on it now." He said as he glanced at the face of the pocket watch before slipping it back into his robes. Harry did as he was told even as he heard movement coming from the kitchen. The seconds were ticking down as he turned to look back, still keeping his hand on the rusty can to see his Aunt Petunia glaring at the three of them from the kitchen. She'd known Harry would be leaving early but the sight of other magic users was without a doubt earning her glare of contempt. No one had time to say anything though when Harry felt the familiar feeling of a yank behind his navel as the portkey activated. A moment later he was bent over resisting the urge to puke while Tonks rubbed his back. He was pretty sure it was Tonks anyways given that Moody didn't seem to have a sentimental or sympathetic bone in his body. Taking a few extra seconds he stood up while Tonks stood next to him, given that they were now standing in the public portkey and apparate square for Diagon Alley her hair was now purple as her metamorphagus talents displayed freely in the magical community now that she didn't need to worry about muggles and the Statue of Secrecy. "Alright there Harry?" Harry took a moment to nod. "I never do well with anything except a broom. Nothing ever seems to help either." Tonks gave a sympathetic shrug and rubbed his back a moment more while Mad Eye watched from the side. Given that it wasn't yet even seven in the morning the Alley was mostly empty. A few store clerks were visible sweeping cleaning up for the day ahead. One using a broom to sweep, the others all using their wands. There was the smell of breakfast coming from the direction that the Leaky Cauldron was located but they were headed in the other direction. Mad Eye took lead with Tonks walking beside Harry as they made their way to Gringotts. As they walked Tonks quietly spoke to Harry as she walked beside him. "Alright so I know Sirius just died and