A/n: This is chapter one. Chapter two will have the same plot, but a different ending. Sad ending... happy ending... sad ending... happy ending... up to you. By the way, Legolas is TOTALLY OOC here, but only because he was tortured for a year! I'm so tired of being here Another one of Legolas' screams made Aragorn bite down harder on his already bloody lip. Scarlet dripped down his pale, dirty face, and tears clouded his eyes. He knew the Elf tried with his dying strength to keep from crying out, but he didn't have the energy to hold back anymore. They were killing his slowly, and Aragorn was being forced to watch as the light left his friend's eyes just because he refused to tell the Orcs his name. Suppressed by all my Childish fears He was so scared. It had already been a year, and no-one had found them. Legolas had lost hope long ago of escape, and only held onto life for Aragorn. But sooner or later, the man knew that it wouldn't be enough. That the life would slip from Legolas' unwilling body, and would never return. The Elf faced further pain... for Aragorn. He would deal with death for the Man he called ' Gwador '. Aragorn was so scared of that day when his friend would die and he would be powerless to stop it. And if you have to leave But you are not powerless, Strider ranger of the North, Estel adopted son of Elrond, Thorongil captain of the people of Rohan, Aragorn son of Arathorn and heir to the thrown of Gondor! Four names he could readily give the cruel creatures of Mordor just to spare the life of his dearest friend. He was being cowardly and selfish. He was watching as Legolas, a friend and brother like no other, one he loved so dearly, writhed, screamed and cried as a whip weaved with leather and metal bite into his stinging skin, opening old wounds and creating gashes over bruises. I wish that you would just leave Garshnak, the leader of this especially large band of Orcs, let loose a low growl. The witless Orc had lost patience long ago, and though it was enjoyable hearing the lovely screams the Elf could no longer keep in and seeing the tears it could not keep at bay, his master grew impatient. Sauron needed a name, and he had to get one. Snarling at the ranger, he reached out a thick, meaty hand and wrapped his scarred fingers around the Elf's pale, bruised throat. With his other hand, he messed his fingers into a tangle of the Elf's blonde hair and jerked, making the Elf yelp. With a sadistic smile, Garshnak scraped his dirty, disgusting finger nails down the prince's cheek until he had created a shallow, smarting gash that stung the Silvan Elf's cheek. The lead Orc clawed all over the tormented body of Aragorn's best friend, and threw him five feet away, licking it's cracked lips. Aragorn's breathing hitched in horror as the other brainless Orcs eventually caught on. Appearently Legolas wasn't left behind in the realization either, because he shrieked in horror, trying to gain his feet and scramble towards Aragorn. 'Cause your presence still lingers here But when Legolas gained his uneasy footing, Garshnak caught him around the throat again, and slammed him hard back toward the ground, so that Legolas' cracked skull made hard contact, and making the Elf feel nauseous. With a sick whisper in his ear, he heard the hoarse whisper of Garshknak in his ear, "Elf flesh is the sweetest..." His face paled and a choked sob was torn from his throat. Aragorn struggled to escape his bonds and try and free his friend. They were going to eat him alive! Was there no mercy in their cruel hearts! He already knew the answer, but his already throbbing heart too much to think about that answer. He was sobbing himself, harder the Legolas, from fear and guilt, he just couldn't take it, he couldn't watch them eat the Elf! How sick and demented would it make him, if he sat back and watched it happen? Besides that, he loved the Elf too much to hear him scream and be eaten to the Orc's enjoyment. And it won't leave me alone "My name is Aragorn..." He finally sobbed out weakly, and was horrified when the Orc's didn't seem to hear him, and Legolas' screaming grew louder. Flushed in horror and gasping with sobs that erupted from his chest, he summonded up as much strength as he could muster. "MY NAME IS ARAGORN!" He bellowed, sobbing even harder, "ARAGORN! ARAGORN! ARAGORN! MY NAME IS ARAGORN!" Garshnak looked up at the ranger with squinted, black eyes and the ranger shuddered, praying they would spare his friend. These wounds won't seem to heal The harsh laughs and chatter of Orcs all ceased as Aragorn cried out his yell. The ranger glared, fearlessly into the eyes of the Orc. It was true, he had not fear at this point... except that the Orcs might just actually kill his brother. The mindless Orc followers backed away slowly from the Elf, who was panting and sobbing. Aragorn noted with horror that chunks of skin were missing from his friend's flesh and most of the Orcs grinned at him with bloody smiles. Aragorn shuddered again, looking away from Garshnak's darkened eyes to lock with Legolas' pain-filled, weary blue ones. " Please let him go... I told you my name, let him go!" Legolas' breathing sped up as Garshnak turned feirce eyes back to him. He closed his eyes, awaiting more pain, and started to shake in horror, terrified of what he might do next. This pain is just too real The Orc knelt down next to the broken Elf, a meciless smile on his face. Legolas felt a cold knife press against his bound wrists, and flinched when he thought Garshnak would leave gashes in his wrists and wait for him to bleed out. He was especially cruel that way, twisting pleads into further pain. 'Let me go' was too simple to twist, and for a moment, he almost hoped the Orc would slit his wrists so he would be done with the pain, but changed his mind as his thoughts fell on Aragorn. His death would leave the ranger heart-broken, he knew, and couldn't resist the shiver that racked his body as Garshnak taunted him, pausing as his stolen steel knife bite into Legolas' fragile, broken skin. There's just too much that time cannot erase Legolas almost couldn't believe it when the harsh rope snapped and painfully, blood rushed back into his hands. He thought he was going to be skin with relief, but ended up having dry heaves from sobbing too much. Garshnak cut Aragorn's own bonds and the ranger wasted no time in darting to Legolas' side. The Elf couldn't stop sobbing, too much pain filled his body, and he wondered briefly in the poison the Orcs had forcfully given him had anything to do with the fact that his wounds seemed to be getting worse and he had not fallen into darkness. His sences were enhanced, and everything Aragorn said, his own screams and sobs and the harsh voices of the Orcs hurt his ears and the pain seemed stronger than was possible if Eru truly loved him. When you'd cried I'd wipe away all of your tears "Legolas! Legolas, oh, mellon nin , gwador nin , saes live! Live! Live for me, Legolas, stay with me, saes !" Aragorn begged through his sobs. The Elf seemed unable to answer him, and that above all else hurt Aragorn's heart the most. The mixture of daze and pain that covered the Elf's face. He cradled his friend in his arms, sobbing into Legolas' matted, tangled hair. He was totally uninjured, and it was the Elf suffering. Total agony on Legolas' part, just because he had not given the Orcs his name earlier. "Oh, Legolas, I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! Please forgive me, gwador nin ." He couldn't even talk anymore, sobbing too hard. Garshnak watched, cautiously, as the ranger picked the Elf up into his arms, head bowed, and walked closer to a tree. He snorted at the way they clung to each other, which he found pathetic. When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears Weakly, Legolas coughed up blood that splattered onto Aragorn's face, tunic and neck. The Elf's blood burned the Ranger's skin like acid, and he had to bite his lip again. Trembling and convulsing as he did so, Legolas brought up a shaky hand to grip Aragorn's dark hair, weakly. "Estel..." He sobbed. "Shhh..." Aragorn pressed his finger to the Elf's bleeding, cracked lips, and with his other hand grabbed the hand that was gripping his hair, bringing the pale, slim appendage to his chest. "Do not speak, Legolas, save your strength and recover, you will recover..." All the while Aragorn was talking, Legolas' quivering lips curled upward in a quivering smile, "N-N-Not this time... Estel... I-I'm... dying..." Panic gripped Aragorn's heart and sobs burned his energy further, "Don't say that!" He managed to spit out furiously, "You will live! You will live and see Mirkwood restored to Greenwood, and Arda at peace, and-and Valinor! You will live to sail and everything will be just fine, but you have to live ! I promise!" Sobs came from the dying Elf and made him quiver further. "E-E-Estel... I'm so sorry... please forgive me... I-I-I love you... tell my father I love him... to... I w-will... wait... f-f-for... you..." With that said, a last breath left Legolas' lungs, and his head fell back, limply, to fall against Aragorn's forearm, staring up at Aragorn's tear and blood stained face, but seeing nothing as death finally took him. And I'd held your hand through all of these years Tears flooded Aragorn's eyes so he couldn't see anything, "Legolas..." He croaked, shaking the dead Elf in his arms, "Legolas, wake up! Wake up, gwador nin ..." He never got a responce, and his mind immediately banished the idea of death. Good... good, he's unconcious... no pain will follow him there... He had no doubt in his battered mind that Legolas was dead, he was convinced the Elf was alive, but unconcious. Help will come, my brother, help will come and everything will be alright... I did promise everything will be alright, and I mean it... He clutched the Elf tighter to his chest, "Everything will be alright... I promised, my brother... I will keep my promise !" Never had Aragorn broken a promise, especially to Legolas. Never ! The Elf only meant that much to him. But you still have Garshnak's filthy, hoarse laughter made Aragorn look up at him with unfocused, dull eyes. "The Elf died at last? It's all your fault, ranger, no-one else to blame! He died in vain to keep your identity a secret! Sauron's been looking for you..." The Orc moved to drag Legolas from Aragorn's arms, but the vicious snarl that came from ranger scared even the Orc. "DO NOT TOUCH HIM, YOU DAMNED CREATURE OF SAURON!" Aragorn cursed, clutching Legolas tighter to his chest, if that was even possible. He turned away from the Orc and his enraged expression slipped into softer features, tenderly stroking the hair away from Legolas' face. "And he's not dead... he's unconcious..." He pressed a kiss to the knuckles he still gripped to his chest. His forehead fell to rest against the cool skin of the Elf's and he whispered quietly, "I love you... everything will get better, I promised, remember?" All of me Suddenly, Garshnak came to a sudden realization. The ranger had lost his mind! He thought his dead friend was still alive! Confusion played over the features of the lead-Orc. He had never even touched the ranger, yet he'd obviously lost his mind?