The Chimera This is my first time writing a serious Twilight fic. This story is AU and the characters are fairly OOC. Obviously, M-rated and slashy – proceed with caution! One: Red Herring The Volturi have berserkers. It takes a cruel and unusual kind of magic to raise such monsters. They are so fierce and beastly in their bloodlust that they can be heard and seen even from the very back of the enemy lines. Dark spells turn these men against nature, erasing their humanity, rendering them unrestrained, with no control over their rage. Their eyes glow red, their jaws unhinge, they rise in stature and frame until they rival the size of a full-grown grizzly, then they charge. Caius keeps one close to his person, as a guard. Edward's men named him the Chimera, because all they see is a wild blonde mane, then there's nothing but blood, screaming, and the sound of bones being torn through skin. The endeavour to drive the Volturi back to their land would have ended months ago if Edward's men didn't balk at the cry that turns their blood cold. "The Chimera! It's here, it's here!" Edward has never seen the Chimera, but he heard his men whisper the rumors passed on from Emmett's camp. It has a roar like thunder, black fangs that tear through flesh like knives, breathes acid smoke that bursts into flames, and stands twice as tall as any man. Six months into the campaign, Edward still remains skeptical. "Tell your men to keep their stories to themselves, Emmett," he tells his brother peevishly. "It's bad for morale." Emmett grimaces. "They can't help it. The Chimera is a nightmarish thing. I've seen it from afar. It looked like a hurricane laying waste to everything in his path." "Did he breathe fire?" Edward asks sardonically. "It could have been," Emmet answers seriously, "although I think the red I saw was from the spray of blood. All I know is we found a body of one of my men with his face ripped clean off the skull." Edward scowls. "Well we can't get close to Caius with that berserker growling next to him." "And you can't beat the Chimera," Emmett sighs. "My men will tell you I've tried. I'm hoping it'll wear out soon. These berserkers don't survive for long. The magic takes a toll, I imagine, shreds them from the inside. But if you could be rid of it and capture Caius, father will make you heir. They're already calling you the Great Defender." Edward has many names. The people affectionately call him the Princeling because he is the younger son of King Carlisle, and his elder brother Emmett has long outgrown pet names. In the capital they call him Edward the Good, because he has compassion for the least of them. Here in the borderlands they tout him as Edward the Conqueror, but the closest he has been to a battle is in the tent behind the lines. He wages wars on his sprawling leather maps with little wooden armies. And that is where he stands now, bending over stretched leathers, examining the crisscrossing lines. He twirls a rough wooden block, carved into the shape of an archer, between his long fingers. His dark brows are furrowed in thought; long slender neck arched, and emerald irises flickering in the lamp light. His bronze hair is cropped unfashionably short in the style of military men. It's his attempt to deter sniggering soldiers in the camp from calling him Edward the Handsome. But the hair does nothing to take away from his sculpted jaws, chiselled cheeks, straight nose, or full lips. Edward takes after the king in his youth, with a face like a demi-god's. Emmett sits on the other side of the long table, weighed down in his full armour, and his metal-clad hands folded over the hilt of his broadsword. His tough, commanding bearing is only slightly diminished by his deep dimples and the soft unmanly curls upon his head. Edward, unlike his brother, isn't a soldier, and wears no armour. Instead he is donned in his riding clothes – thick breeches, boots, and a soft tunic, tied in the front. His cloak is unclasped and draped over his shoulders. He succumbed to fatigue earlier in the day and slept with it wrapped around him in his little camp cot. Emmett woke him a few hours ago, as the night fell. They are waiting for their scouts to return from the Volturi camp, whose torch lights flicker on the other side of the riverbank. Outside the tent, the men are nervous; sweating in their armours, their tense faces painted white under the moonlight. For farmers, a greedy neighbour meant missing sheep and lines of borderlining stones that moved in the middle of the night. For Kings, a greedy neighbour meant smoke rising from ransacked villages, and unfriendly troops snaking through the valleys. And the Volturi are certainly very greedy neighbours. It's been a hard campaign, with heavy losses on account of the Chimera. They are holding out for the swift end to dispute that Prince Edward promised them. Upon his battle plans, drawn and formed over his many maps, rides all of their hopes. "They're back!" Came the shout, and a flurry of movement ensues, hushed voices are raised and armours clink in a chorus. The scout burst through the tent flap, caked in mud and silt from wading through the marshes along the riverbank. "Your Grace, and Your Grace." Emmett jumps to his feet, clanging as he goes. "What news?" "Caius broke camp," the scout reports, "just as Prince Edward foresaw. Two parties have already begun to retreat through the valley." "Where is Caius?" Edward asks quietly. "There was no sign of his banner, Your Grace," the scout says, "but the Chimera is still chained at the camp." Edward places the wooden archer onto the map. "We should give chase. Caius must be expecting to lose us in the valley." Emmett turns to look at him. "If his berserker is at the camp then Caius must be there still. The retreat is a ruse. He could set up an ambush in the mountain paths." Edward frowns down at his map. "Caius is a cautious man. If he plans to retreat he would be the first one riding out of the camp. And we won't have to follow them into the mountains. If we flank him here…" he points. Emmett shakes his head. "Trust me, brother. Caius is inseparable from his berserker. It was that way when they first entered our borders thirteen months ago, it was that way when you joined us in the valley, and it will be that way still." Edward has misgivings, but Emmett is bull-headed when he thinks he's right, and it's nearly impossible to convince him otherwise. Plus, they didn't have enough men to advance on the enemy camp and give chase at the same time. If the berserker is across the river still, Edward wants all his men there, to ensure Emmett's safety if nothing else. "Surround the camp, then, and cut off the retreat," he says finally. "I will join you at your signal. Here." Edward picks up a talisman from the corner of the table. He dabbles in magic in his free time, and follows the court sorcerers through their towers like their shadow. He made this one himself, as to not be completely defenceless. Luckily, he hasn't had the opportunity to use it thus far. It is a talisman for strength, carved onto a hollowed tiger fang, filled with the blood of a wild long haired bull, and sealed with blue glowing runes. He threads it through a thin leather thong and holds it out to Emmett. "Keep it on your neck," he says, and at Emmett's doubtful look adds, "in case you lose your sword." Emmett takes it and ties it impatiently around his neck. He leaves in a rush, eyes gleaming with excitement. He may be the elder prince, but he has not had enough of the glory and fame that comes with the battle. For this reason, King Carlisle has hinted that he intends to make Edward heir to the throne. He prefers a level-headed strategist under the crown, not a bright-eyed boy in a man's body, playing soldier without regards for his life. But Edward doesn't want the throne. He wants to be left alone with his books and his magic. He has no desire to bear the weight of the royal circlet or the responsibilities of a king. Edward thinks he can find a way to convince his father to pass the sceptre to Emmett, but for that to happen, he needs to ensure Emmett will remain alive for the foreseeable future. His joining of the campaign against the Volturi is mostly an effort to keep an eye on Emmett. His brother is as reckless as he is brave, and oftentimes that, coupled with a bit of bad luck, can find a man with his face ripped from his skull. Outside, two red flares burst in the night sky. Edward blows out his lamp and heads outside. He mounts his horse with two of his bannermen, and they circle around the bend of the river, to the shallows, and crosses onto the other side. A gaggle of wide-eyed soldiers greet him. "The Chimera is caught, Your Grace," they exclaim, as if they are in disbelief. "Where is my brother?" Edward asks. "By its cage, Your Grace. The Chimera, Your Grace. He caught it, Your Grace." Edward has no time for or interest in the berserker. "What about Caius?" he demands. "Gone," the soldiers answer. Edward groans under his breath. He knew he was right. Caius probably snuck out of camp at the first sign of darkness. He left the berserker behind as a red herring. Of course Emmett would fall for a trick like that. Edward steers his horse towards the centre of Caius's abandoned camp. The men are hollering, and there is a deep, unrecognizable growl in the midst of it. It's a guttural sound. It shakes the ground and makes Edward's horse falter in its steps. He dismounts, not liking the prospect of being thrown off if the animal panics. Edward pushes through the crowd of soldiers, towards where he can already see the top of Emmett's head, bobbing as he rears back in a hearty laugh. In the centre of the circle of the men, Emmett stands arm-length from a low, iron-wrought lion cage. It is draped in thick, dark cloth, obscuring the berserker that Edward presumes it to contain. Under the cloth, the growling sounds, and the bars rattle as if something heavy has been thrown against it. The men yell and whoop. Emmett has the tip of his sword pointed at the locking lever on the cage door. "Shall I?" he bellows. The men roar in anticipation. Edward dashes forward and seizes Emmett's free arm, the metal of the armour cold against his palm. "Emmett!" he says warningly. But it's too late. Emmett lifts the latch. Edward sees the hard outlines of the cage door being opened under the drapes. There is a lowly snarl, then a flash of blonde hair, glittering and yellow under the light of the men's torches, and the drapes are flapping in the wind. Edward glimpses white pointed teeth, and black, black eyes. Before Emmett has a chance to raise his sword, Edward reaches up and breaks the leather thong off Emmett neck. He puts the talisman between his molars and crushes it, tasting the tang of blood on his tongue for a split second before feeling the power rush through him. There is wind in his ears, and a sharp tingling that spread from the base of his neck downwards. When Edward raises his arms, they feel like feathers. His vision blackens at the edges as he charges towards the threat in front