Woodland Twilight (This is a work of fan fiction, inspired works of J R R Tolkien; his characters, settings, places, and languages used in this tale are not mine. Original characters do belong to me. I receive nothing but my own pleasure (and I hope that of my readers) for this work. The work is my intellectual property, is available only for the private enjoyment of its readers, and may not be copied or redistributed by any means without the explicit written consent of the author.) 1. First Kiss The windless nights of heat and humidity had disappeared from one day to the next. The unexpected respite from the suffocating clamminess of deep woodlands in high summer intensified their pleasure in the dry breezes of this warm starlit night. They advanced with light footsteps on the leaves along the track leading through the forest to the large clearing that lay before the dwellings of the Mirkwood Elven community, which clustered around the entrance to the caverns of King Thranduil. They made one last circle of the required checkpoints along the perimeter of their assigned territory. Finally, staying within the deep shadow of the trees, they chose a spot on the path into the settlement where they would stop for the remainder of the night watch. The last shafts of sunlight illuminated a cool, green and peaceful space, revealing a fallen tree that could provide a welcome seat. Dropping themselves onto the log, they stretched their legs in front of them and sighed in unison, and then laughed softly at the unintentional concurrence of their mannerisms. The bone structures of the Elves' fair faces showed traces of a not so distant but seldom considered kinship. There were few without some blood ties to others in their insular community but many families were more closely linked than theirs. Their nearly identical physiques--broad shouldered, long of leg, muscular, lean and supple--were ethnic rather than familial resemblances. Despite facial similarities, each had a distinct coloring. Túgann had grayish green eyes, dark hair and a light sprinkling of freckles across the nearly translucent skin of his cheeks and forearms. Legolas had his father's unusual golden hair and high-colored complexion. He was full-lipped for Elf, but his wide set eyes and higher forehead gave him a more ethereal look than that of King Thranduil. The northern twilight, which seemed to go on for hours this time of year, was finally fading into night. Barely visible here and there through the foliage the glowing horizon had at last turned from deepening shades of rose to purple. The two Elves settled in for a quiet night. They were unlikely to have anything more to do during their watch except to remain alert and listen for the approach of any intruder or signs of unusual activity in the forest. With their youthful vitality, knowledge of the forest, and Elvish faculties of keen hearing and sight, this would tax them little. Despite their awareness of the external dangers to their well-hidden community, and their intense training in defense, their limited experience of sentry duty had conditioned them to view this responsibility as that of little more than glorified doormen for returning kinfolk. Such travelers rarely appeared after the dinner hour. They were, however, intelligent enough to recognize that their knowledge was inferior to that which their elders had gained through centuries of experience and, therefore, trusted to discipline and confidence in the judgment of their seniors to guide them in the exercise of their duty. Keeping that in mind, neither removed his leather quiver of arrows, for comfort, nor lay aside his bow. The part of Northern Mirkwood protected by Elven magic (and the relentless use of military force) remained so vast that the larger part of the forest, which had been overwhelmed and poisoned by dark forces, seemed far-off when one assumed close-in guard duty like tonight. While the world had darkened year by year and fear had fallen on Middle-earth, within the hard-won sanctuary of Thranduil's stronghold, their childhoods had seemed remote from trouble. The movement and consolidation, under Thranduil's leadership, of a large population of Silvan Elves into a protected enclave in Northern Mirkwood had been a massive organizational and military exercise that had dominated community life for years. These young adults did not remember those days. Their everyday existence seemed predictable to these youth and their rigorous military training as much a part of their lives as any other aspect of their education. They acknowledged the danger that surrounded them as an unexceptional reality similar to that of the changing of the seasons. They were aware that evil now encroached upon the land their fathers had claimed through much sacrifice and hardship, and that even the most fiercely independent of the free colonies beyond the woodlands enjoyed only a tentative peace at best. Sons of Mirkwood nobility, they heard more than their share of whispers, rumor and brutal information regarding the world beyond the confines of Mirkwood and the inevitability of a climactic clash with Mordor. With the passage to maturity, they knew that responsibility to defend their homes would increase and send them farther into blighted areas of the forest. But, as the future often seems to the very young, that time seemed distant as yet. Educated in classic Sindarin history and tradition, their social and cultural influences were nonetheless strongly Silvan. As a result, they would not spend time brooding that summer night. It was not long before Túgann took up his familiar role of entertainer and jester. Legolas chuckled at his spirited and shockingly irreverent, if implicitly affectionate, imitation of Túgann's mother's dressing-down of the numerous young Elves of their crowded merry household. "Out! Out now! Or I will lash every last one of you until you wish you were not immortal!" Túgann's exaggeratedly shrewish shrieks, accompanied by spitting and heavy breathing, much heaving of chest and head tossing, were especially hilarious to Legolas whose only vision of his friend's mother had been the public persona of an elegant Elven noblewoman of apparent serenity and pride. Túgann laughed at himself and added, "It might be more effective if were not for the fact that she has never struck any of us! I presume that with her tongue it is not necessary!" Just then, they heard a soft rustling nearby, definitely Elven and not a forest beast or worse. Perhaps it was one of those notoriously mischievous Elf-children of Túgann's family sneaking up on them now. It would not have been the first time. "Shhh!" their intruder whispered. "I don't think I was followed here, but I can never be certain." Túgann's sister parted the branches and settled down on the mossy tree-trunk between the two Elves with the self-assurance of certain welcome. Gellwen had the same laughing eyes and wide smile as her brother, but purely black hair. Raised in a family of beautiful women, where intelligence was prized above appearance, she had no air of female vanity about her. Finally, after looking behind and around her while holding her finger to her lips, she seemed to accept that no sibling or neighbor had followed her on her short walk and addressed her brother: "You are so fortunate to be here tonight. The twins spilled honey on our father's writing table. Mother had warned father all day to clear it off 'before something is spoiled!' The poor wee creatures are yowling like scalded cats now, the girls are cowering in the back bedroom, mother is haranguing father, and father is raging at everyone and no one. So, I escaped." These young people had known each other since early childhood. Although Gellwen had been often in his company, she did not recall having exchanged more than a few words with Legolas over those years. Both were aware of the other's interest, however. In Thranduil's kingdom, where the population of youngsters was proportionally greater than in any other Elven community, education was equally available to all Elven offspring, irrespective of background, birth or sex and no youth of similar age were strangers. Legolas looked first at one and then the other of this good-natured, loquacious pair, thinking he would be willing to exert much effort to cultivate their friendship. He was pleased when he had recently been assigned regular patrol duties with Túgann. He presumed that the siblings, although known to be liberally friendly to all, had not sought many close friendships outside of their household, crowded as it was with an extended family young and old. Even among the Mirkwood Elven community, known to be more prolific than others, their family had continued to produce offspring with oft-noted regularity. He had heard his father express the opinion that it was a laudable optimism that incited their desire for children in these dark days. A fierce, stubborn love of Arda and the Great Forest united Thranduil's people. Many of the older Sindarin elements of Mirkwood, actually held themselves somewhat apart from Túgann and Gellwen's family, due to its Noldorin roots, suspecting an arrogance, which, in fact, had never been demonstrated. Ancient mistrust died hard among the elders, but the young were more aware of currently shared commitment and joys. The boisterous turmoil punctuated by laughter that he heard whenever he walked past their dwelling, awakened in him a longing for close siblings and a more informal household. His father's house, the cavern fortress palace of the Elven King of Mirkwood, was far too somber—magnificent, but not homey. Spacious enough to hold the entire community during a state of siege, its stonewalls, gloomy to him despite carvings of nature and trees and bright sumptuous hangings, were an unnatural setting for any Elf. Legolas, in contrast to the exuberant Túgann, had been a thoughtful, shy Elf-child. A natural reticence, combined with his position as the youngest but only surviving son of King Thranduil, had meant he had found himself often on the fringes of the inspired silliness and mischievous play endemic among woodland Elf-children. As he had grown older he had excelled in military skills and become more articulate and less reserved. Those qualities along with his generous good nature and modesty had lately gained him a comfortable acceptance by his peers. He was no longer referred to as "the Prince," but simply "Legolas." "Does mother know you left?" Túgann asked his sister. "No, but I bribed the girls to say I am sleeping if she does come snooping about. But I do not want to talk of that madhouse right now. Is not the night lovely? How I wish it had been like this on Midsummer's Night. It was so muggy, hot and disgusting. And my first one on my own too! The sky was so overcast you could not even see the stars. How romantic! I might as well have been home playing nursemaid to the little ones." At her reference to the festival night, Legolas recalled how he had managed only one dance with Gellwen. Hoping for a tender ballad and the chance to hold her in his arms, he was disappointed by one of those bouncing reels where he was only able to occasionally catch her hand for a few seconds. Worse still, although the tune was spirited, its verses were a mournful complaint harking back to lost times before those dreadful days of exile and death when the Silvan Elves fled north. How could he flirt with the pretty Gellwen when his eyes were drawn with concern to his father's face so saddened by the simple song? When he saw that single tear slide down the King's cheek? Oh, the days of the Greenwood dancing, Oh, the ring of the piper's tune, Oh, for one of those hours of gladness, Gone, alas, like our youth, too soon. Time goes on, and the happy years are dead And one by one the merry hearts are fled. Silent now is the wild and lonely glen, Where the bright glad laugh will echo ne'er again.