A/N and general disclaimer : I do not own anything related to Twilight, be it characters, setting, stories, etc. No profit is being made from this fanfic and no copyright infringement is intended. If you feel like I am stealing something from you, please notify me immediately. That being said, I thought it would be fun to take SMeyer's vampire anatomy to its logical extreme and write it not only so that it makes sense, but also protraying actual consequences (and therefore ruining the obvious Mary Sue fantasy that was Breaking Dawn). Vampirism was supposed to be a sacrifice for Bella; let's make it that. Here's my take on her transformation and all that pertains to it: consequences both in- and external. Also, other than was the case with BD, this fic has a) character development, and b) a plot. I am being very generous with the characters and trying to portray them the way SMeyer intended, not the way they actually are. Please tell me what needs to be improved, if you can. I hope it's enjoyable. EDIT : I only now just got how you format documents to make reading easier on the eyes. Sorry about that. EDIT THE SECOND : Guys, I have to tell you right away that I couldn't keep the original promise. I wrote the characters as they are and not as SMeyer intended (sorry, Steph). The temptation was too great. The plot of this little story is completely different because I really think that BD doesn't have one. I want to take a book that is nearly universally mocked and try to write a coherent tale - a fun little excercise. That, in some circles, is called a spitefic. My story is, however, not a parody. It's meant to be an adventure / horror story that is entertaining to read. I don't mock people, but I do think it's fun to rethink stuff I didn't enjoy in a published work. This site isn't just reserved for heaping praise onto the original author. I am in no way attacking SMeyer, but I do feel entitled to an opinion about her books. She put them out there. I read them. I have an opinion. I think there's a lot wrong with these books and that that's worth exploring. It's a little bit hilarious to me that someone got all butt-hurt over the summary (whence I called BD a Mary Sue fantasy, which it is) and didn't even read my story, but thought it necessary to accuse me of plagiarism all the same. It's an original story and everything that does not belong to me is mentioned as such. I don't expect universal praise, but for crying out loud, accusing someone of a crime just because you got your knickers in a twist over a summary that criticises a book and insults no-one is not cool. What is it with people trying to silence dissenting voices? Crikey. That being said, I hope you have fun with my take on Breaking Dawn . Please share your opinions and air grievances if you have them. I am interested in everyone's thoughts. Thank you for your time. Enjoy! Be Careful What You Wish For Chapter One 1 Isabella Marie Swan Cullen remembered little of the birthing process . There were flashes of images: terrible, sickening, unnameable pain in her back, followed by a nasty, awful, wet cracking sound (her body! Oh God, oh God, her body was breaking in half, she was breaking, tearing up, dying, breaking, tearing ripping bleeding dead dead dead oh God oh God oh God what had she done to herself what had she done oh God) and then numbness; blood everywhere; the ground flying up to meet her, and Edward carrying her up into the mansion's second story; excited voices chattering, but no pain, no pain, no anything; blotches of blackness mixing with the glaring lights, as her consciousness slipped away; more voices; some pain on her chest – something biting her, ripping through skin and fat and muscles and tendons with razor-sharp teeth, chewing on her flesh, the stench of it unbelievable, the horror, the horror, oh God the horror. Then… …then, there was blackness. Unfortunately, it didn't last long. Fire burned through her veins. Liquid acid, dissolving her tissues from within like necrotising fasciitis, eating the life out of her, scooping it away cell by cell, burning, ripping, shredding, killing. She could not move her legs; her spine had been broken. She could not open her eyes; her eyelids had melted onto the eyeballs, as if someone had pressed a red-hot iron against her face. Her arms shook uncontrollably, making it worse, making it all so worse, as her old skin stuck to the surface of the metal table she lay on, freezing and burning her at the same time, ripping off in strips, filling the air with the horrible stench of putrefaction. Her lips were welded together as well, so she could not scream. In her mouth, her gums dissolved, her teeth tumbled backwards into her throat, making her vomit guts and acid into her mouth, her throat, her airwaves, her lungs. Her tongue swell and cracked open like a slug in a microwave. Hot, putrid blood and festered tissue trickled down her gullet. Every breath was ash and fire in her poor, mangled, pureed lungs. She writhed upon the table, twitching, whimpering, trying to breathe, trying not to throw up from the pain and the stink of her decay and her last incontinence ever, trying to endure, trying to pray for an end, just an end to all this, God, please, just one second of no pain, no suffering, no burning melting dissolving ripping rotting dying, just nothingness, oh God. Amidst all this, there was one crystal-clear thought though in her fractured mind: part of her prayers were being answered, even if in the most cruel of ways. She was dying, after all. She'd gotten her wish, hadn't she? Edward, her husband, the love of her life, had bitten her, and it had not been too late; she was shedding all of her that was human. She was becoming a vampire. 2 She had no idea how long it took, this awful process of…transformation? How to call it? Why call it anything? Whatever it took to make the pain go away, she'd do it; whatever they told her to say or do or think or be, anything, anything to just make it stop make it stop make it finally stop. She was liquefying inside her decomposing, sore-covered skin; her body had been broken and was now rearranging itself piece by piece, wrecking all that had been to make place for the new. What was this new, anyway? What was this going to do to her? How was it going to end? Did it even matter? The beauty, the allure, the sparkling glory, everything was just a dim memory dissolving inside her rotting brain, the images fractured and distorted into nightmare fuel: the beauty was marred, the perfection decayed, the gods of her fantasies turned into gibbering monsters of black eyes and unhinged jaws, dripping poison. No time for regrets. No time to ask herself what she'd done when she'd insisted on pursuing this. No time to be bitter about her insistence that it would be worth all the pain. It wasn't. Whatever else came, it wasn't. As the skin on her arms blistered, cracked, and started sloughing off her raw and putrid flesh strip by strip, she couldn't even scream. No, it wasn't worth it. It couldn't be. It just couldn't. Finally, though, the unspeakable, universal agony that had become everything forever, that had become the very core of her existence, started to fade. It happened as slowly as it had begun, but after an eternity and a half, she could feel it: numbness. The air and dust-motes settling on her reformed flesh didn't sear as badly, and eventually, they hurt not at all. Her heartbeat, which had been frantic and excruciating, slowed and slowed and slowed, and with every deceleration, the pain grew less. The decayed matter in her caved-in mouth was absorbed into her mucous membranes. Her teeth, tongue, palate reformed. Her mangled and broken body adjusted itself on the metal table without her doing anything of her own volition, and the surface felt warm and pleasant against her skin. As the agony slowly made way for blessed numbness, and the stink of rotting flesh and excrements began to be replaced by something sweet and intense, like a scented candle to the face, Bella was vaguely aware of someone handling her body, removing the tattered and soiled clothing, moving her, washing her gently, dressing her. It still hurt and she was still sore, but it wasn't anything akin to melting alive in her wrecked shell of a decaying corpse. Pain went away, as did thoughts of God and regret and fear. Why be afraid? There was numbness to drown in, and that was good – it was better than anything she had ever felt in her entire life. Another eternity later, the pain was gone completely. She wasn't breathing anymore, either, but listening to what she knew were the last of her heartbeats. Dun-dun. How odd to be looking forward to the ending of the last thing that still tethered her to humanity. Dun-dun. Was this what being damned to a soulless existence felt like? Did it even matter anymore? The pain was gone. Dun-dun. She tried to remember the last things she had thought, she had felt, before the pain had started. Her mind drew a blank. This was odd, too, and weirdly alarming. Hadn't something been going on? What had triggered her death again? There had been something inside her – something. Something . The sound pulsed through her entire body, like a fever: dun-dun. Something had been there. It had mattered . Why couldn't she remember? Why was this all so blurry, when it had mattered so much before? She tried to think about it, to recall, but couldn't quite piece together the foggy fragments of lost memories. There were bits of images, but they were slipping away, as if they'd never been there in the first place. They didn't matter anymore. They were gone – gone forever. Dun-dun. Dun-dun. Dun. Bella Swan Cullen's heart beat its last. The transformation was complete. She opened her eyes to the world and saw it for the first time. 3 She saw everything. She heard everything . Her eyes were flooded with images her brain was unable to decipher: air, light, dust, wood, faces, sparkles, surfaces, edges, dimensions. Everything was everywhere, all at once. She couldn't focus on any one thing, but saw it all with the same clarity, zooming in on all and seeing nothing. The pain that shot through her skull was blinding. The moment she thought about doing it, she'd clapped her hands (were those her hands? What had happened to her hands, these weren't her hands , oh God, oh God, oh God!) over her ears and screamed. The sound reverberated through the air (and it was everywhere, everywhere, no escaping it, no running away, no seeing, no understanding, oh dear God), hit obstacles, ricocheted, hit her eardrums again. The sound of her weirdly textured skin (not her skin, not her hands, not her ) being crushed against her ears, the scream echoing, voices, fabric whooshing against skin, cars driving by in the distance, wind howling against the edges of the house, crickets chirping, birds singing, mice skittering, leaves rustling, dear God, she could hear nothing, she was blind and deaf and deaf and blind and oh God, her mind, she was going insane, she- "Bella! Calm down! " The voice pierced the cacophony of unintelligible, clashing sounds like knitting needles being stabbed straight through her ears and into her brain. Unable to help herself, she screamed again, blinked, tried to see, tried to