" Death is nothing to us since when we are, it isn't and when we aren't it is" -Epicure I'm in a forest and its dark, my pulse is beating hard. I'm frightened and lost. Suddenly I see them, no I feel them behind me. I start running, from what I can't tell just know that I have to run. I turn my head just long enough to see them, their glowing white eyes fixing me. Suddenly, I trip on something, a rock, a twig, it doesn't matter, I feel myself tumbling to the ground… " Bella ! Bella ! wake up!" Someone says, I feel a hand on my shoulder shaking me awake. "Are you seriously going to pull that shit every morning? Come on it's been one year now! You'd think that with a mute roommate I wouldn't be having that kind of problem!" It all suddenly comes back to me, my roommate Rosalie is standing in front of me, hands on her hips, and a scowl on her face. It occurs to me that I must have been having a bad dream, the same dream I have been having for about a year now, since I turned seventeen. As usual I can't respond, it isn't that I don't want to, I can't, I've tried and tried, but the words just won't come out; so as usual, I just look at the floor. The "shit" as she so kindly refers to it is my screaming while sleeping, or so I've been told many times. Rosalie has been my roommate for as long as I've been living at the "academy", you would think that in a high end boarding school such as this one you would be able to have your own room or at least choose who to live with, but I have been stuck with that girl for one year, since I arrived here and since the dreams stared. The fact that we're polar opposite doesn't really change things either, Rosalie is the girl every guy wants and every girl wants to be, with her waist length blonde hair, blue eyes and skinny body, then there's me, the weirdo with the curly hair, abnormally pale skin, plain brown eyes and a body way too curvy for her petite figure. It also happens that while Rosalie is a social butterfly, I have what physicians call "selective mutism" , but I don't really know why they call it that since it's not that I don't want to talk to people it's just that I can't. I can only talk around very few people, and it goes without saying that my roommate is not one of them. One of these people, however, is my psychologist, . is the typical psychologist you'll find in the movies, with her impeccable suits, tight buns and square glasses; she has that ageless quality to her that powerful women often possess. says that my mutism is due to my blocking memories I want to forget. I don't understand that either because, it's not that I don't want to remember, it's that I can't. If only I could remember, I would understand many things, the first being why I'm here in this establishment in particular. Mme. Augustine, the Dean has exclaimed to me upon my arrival that I was put here by a very powerful man and it was him who paid for my education. If only I had been able to talk I would have asked her the many questions that burned my lips: "Is this man related to me in any way? Why did he put me there? Could I meet him". The sad truth however, is that my handicap refrains me from many of things, and this is one of them. I wish I could be like the other girls, like Rosalie's friends, I wish I could wear makeup, talk about boys, movies and other things, but the harsh reality is that I'm not, and I never will be, because whether I want it or not I'm different, and it will always be that way. I wait for Rosalie to go back to sleep before getting up and getting ready for the day, I unsuccessfully try to style my wild looking hair into a pony tail, as usual it won't comply, and I let it flow loosely on my shoulders. I put on my uniform, before slowly making my way to the dining hall for breakfast. The hall is already filled with students, as it is the last day of school before summer vacations, which means that girls my age, including myself, will be graduating and leaving the boarding school forever. For some reason I feel like I have forgotten something, but after all it is a familiar feeling… forgetting. I sit at my usual spot, isolated from everyone and everything, opening the latest book I "borrowed" from the school's library. As usual, no one tries to bother me, they are too afraid to mess with me, apparently my mystery benefactor is that much of a powerful man. I am sitting eating my breakfast while eating when, suddenly I feel commotion around me, I turn, only to find the headmistress herself making her way towards me. It's odd since she rarely leaves her office, and is never seen in the dining hall. "Bella, I would like you to come with me to my office, there is someone I would like you to meet" I am surprised, but I rise to follow her anyways, it's not like I have a choice after all. The walk to her office is pretty long, and an awkward silence fills the air. Luckily, we finally arrive to the said office, and she opens the door and steps inside, I'm right behind her. When I finally enter, I see someone, a man, standing in front of me. He appears to be in his late fifties, and balding, judging by his expensive suit and Italian loafers I'm guessing he is not what you could call a poor man. I assume he must be my benefactor, he is not as I had imagined, but then again, I hadn't really imagined anything. "Bella, as you probably know, today is your birthday and you turned eighteen, and because of this you are no longer of our responsibility, however, your benefactor has sent for you, and Mike here to bring you to him as he has requested your presence. I am afraid you will not be able to attend graduation , and I have already sent for your things, It has been a pleasure having you here but all great things have an end, Au revoir, Bella" said, and just like that, I am dismissed. I can only nod as I am too surprised to do anything else. I follow Mike out of the office to and into expensive looking car. Mme. Augustine has already assured me that my things are already in the back of my car, not that I own much; my few possessions could fit into a small luggage. Everything is happening so fast, One moment I am in boarding school with the other girls, the next I am riding into a luxurious car, with a richly dressed "chauffeur". To my surprise, the car ride is very short, 30 minutes at most, and we arrive to what appears to be a very small airport. I realize that it isn't just a small airport, but a private one, as Mike parks the car, my door is almost immediately opened by a well-dressed man bearing black frames. If I didn't know better, I would think that my life is one of these Hollywood movies. I step out of the car as the man motions for me to follow him, he doesn't talk, which I'm thankful for because it would mean that I would have to respond, and I am incapable of responding. I look up, only to see a private jet apparently waiting for me, I don't even remember being on a plane before, but then again, I don't remember anything. An air hostess smiles at me as I board the plane, a fake smile, but a smile nonetheless. I respond with my own version of a smile, which in my opinion looks more like a grimace than anything else. No wonder the other girls were so afraid of me. The plane ride is very long, and I'm emotionally tired from everything that has happened to me today, and so, I fall asleep. When I wake up, I'm in the back of a sumptuous car, judging by the looks of it, a limo. I recognize Mike's balding head, and I feel relieved for some reason. I wonder once again, who is this man going through all this trouble to bring me to him. I look around me, and I can see that the climate has drastically changed. Around me I only see lush green forests. Finally, the car comes to an halt in front of the biggest gate I've ever seen, Mike puts his finger on a strange machine, and the gates open. It takes another fifteen minutes before the biggest house, no, mansion, comes into view. It practically screams money, it is old looking and majestic. Mike stops the car, and once again, a man opens the door, before motioning for me to follow him. The inside of the mansion is even more sumptuous looking than the outside. After going trough many rooms and halls, we finally arrive in front of a big mahogany door, and the man in front of me knocks on the door. "Sir, she has arrived" "Let her in and close the door" A booming voice says Suddenly, I feel my heart beat faster, I'm scared, scared of what might be waiting for me behind that door. I know that no matter what it is, it will change my life forever. I timidly step into the room, my eyes on the floor, afraid to look in front of me. "Hello, Bella" A voice says and my eyes snap up. It isn't the same voice that told the man to let me in, and I am right, because in front of me, there are not one, but three of the most gorgeous men I've ever seen in my life. Each of them is beautiful in his own way. The one on the right is the all American pretty boy, with his blonde hair slicked back, twinkling eyes, straight nose and beautiful smile. He is wearing a polo shirt and jeans that fit him well, showing off his lean but toned body. The one on the right, although equally as beautiful as the others, is the contrary, and is the epitome of the dark and brooding type. He has jet black hair, almost too long to be fashionable, but it suits him well. He has an aristocratic nose, but instead of drawing back his beauty, it only adds to it. He has a permanent scowl on his face and is looking at me so intensely, it's giving me chills. He is wearing an expensive looking black suit, only adding to the stereotype. Finally, the one in the middle, is the guy every girl dreams of. His copper hair is just long enough so it frames his square jaw perfectly. He has a straight nose, and is wearing a tailored suit that fits him perfectly. He looks to be the most reasonable of the three. They all have one common characteristic however, their eyes and teeth. All three of them have pale, almost white eyes, the kind that would be scary on any other human being, but it suits them and only adds to their beauty. They also have almost abnormally sharp canines, not vampire like but they look like they could hurt anyways. I suddenly realize they are probably expecting me to say something, but as usual I can't "Ah, yes, the Academy had warned us that she was mute"