Disclaimer: I do not own The Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, or anything that you would associate with these stories. So, pretty much, I don't even technically own this fic! A/N: Greetings and welcome! First off, I would have you know that Thais of the Star is the one you have to thank for having this chapter before I intended to post it. Said reviewer went above and beyond the call of duty by not only REVIEWING, but PMing me as well! In shock and awe, as well as gratitude, I decided to post this chapter before I originally intended on doing so. On to business: This fic shall be updated once a week, unless I happen to be out of town or some other such event. Several chapters are already written, so they should be there in case I am terribly, awfully lazy. Legacy shall go on to... well, the end. Several new characters will eventually be introduced, and I have done a lot of exploring into the lands spoken of in The Hobbit through the first few chapters. READ THE HOBBIT! It is a good book. You should understand everything even if you don't, though. Not to jump the gun, but I am already planning a sort of 'spin-off' using one of the new characters. You shall see. That will not appear for some time, though, so forget I mentioned it. Oh yes! Every chapter begins with a quote from a song, movie, or piece of literary work that I think fits. I'm done. Enjoy! Thanks as ever to my loyal beta reader! OH! And go back to Prophecy and watch the trailer for this fic, and rate it! "If you must know more, his name is Beorn. He is very strong, and he is a skin-changer." - Gandalf The Hobbit , JRR Tolkien The Bear Man Thick black clouds broiled over the sky and heavy rain drenched the wilderness in a cold grey light. Pools had gathered under the swaying trees, and thin mud clung everywhere. Five riders suddenly burst out of the light mist and reined their mounts to a sudden stop under a patch of open sky visible through the waving leaves. The first rider, who sat considerably taller than the others, whipped his cloaked head around to ensure that the others were close behind him. Then, another rider pulled to a halt and turned their fidgeting grey mount around to face the first traveler. "Why are we stopping?" called a young, feminine voice from beneath the water-darkened hood of their cloak. "Beorn's house is very near," the first rider replied. "It would be well for us to shelter there until this storm has passed and rest our mounts for the night." Another rider cantered up, never really stopping but traipsing around in circles while the others talked. "Beorn!" the third rider cried. "We're going to see Beorn?" "Yes, I believe that is what I said," the first rider confirmed. "I feel like an idiot," the second rider said to the third. "Here we are in the middle of an oak wood, situated very nicely smack-dab in-between the Great River of Wilderland and Mirkwood, and I couldn't think of where we were going!" "It's fine, Maylin," the second rider laughed, "I hadn't the foggiest idea, either." "Then I take it you have heard of Beorn," the first rider stated as the last two riders came trotting up together. "Beorn?" one of them asked. "As in really-big-man-who-shape-changes-into-really-big-bear from The Hobbit Beorn?" "Is there another one?" the third rider asked. "Think more of the nice, wonderfully soft beds and a dry floor," Maylin suggested. "Not to mention a piping hot meal, or at least a meal with generous portions of honey." "Sounds great," the last rider said flatly. "Would you people mind stepping on it so we could get there before this storm gets any worse?" "I wouldn't mind at all!" the third rider exclaimed, preparing to kick their horse into a gallop. "Wait, Leigh!" Maylin suddenly exclaimed. With an aggravated sigh, Leigh, the third rider, froze and turned to look back at her friend. "Shouldn't we do what Gandalf did? You know: go two by two so that Beorn doesn't get upset by the sudden mass of company?" "Beorn I have met before," the first rider told her, "and I doubt he would object to such infamous heroes as yourselves being sheltered under his roof with an Elf lord of Rivendell." "Glorfindel makes a good point," Leigh chirped. "Shall we go now?" "YES," the fourth rider assented. "Let's go!" Together with Leigh, he urged his steed forward and shot forwards through the ghostly trees. A sudden gust of wind rocked the shivering branches and clawed Leigh's hood back, sending her untidy braid streaming out behind her. Unfortunately, by the time they came to a halt the rain had thoroughly soaked Leigh's hair, and she was even more eager to get inside before a warm fire. The other three riders came cantering up a few moments afterwards, and sat quietly on their horses for a moment as they took in the sight before them. Tall wooden gates stood before a cluster of low wooden structures standing glumly in the soggy weather. There was a very thick hedge of brambles racing away into the distance on either side, and nestled near them was a long line of straw beehives. Surrounding the houses was a wide ring of pasture which was still being used by a few stubborn oxen that refused to let the weather herd them indoors. Glorfindel leaped down and pushed open the heavy gates, let the others pass, leading his own horse, and then hauled them closed again. A group of three or four lovely, sleek horses walked out of one of the barns and quirked their ears towards the strangers that had just entered their territory. For a few minutes the two groups stood looking at each other, and then the horses suddenly wheeled and galloped away towards the house situated at the heart of the enclosure. "Beorn will be ready to welcome us," Glorfindel announced over the noisome wind and spattering rain. "The horses have gone to tell him of visitors." Once the Elf had remounted, they formed a tight little knot, quite unintentionally, and carried on towards the house in the direction the horses had gone off. As they rode, even those who had not previously feared coming to the house of the shape-shifter began to squirm and have second thoughts. "You know he won't have heard of us," Jaden, the last rider, pointed out. "So our reputations won't do us much good." "Oh, do not fear being turned away," Glorfindel chimed. "There are numerous reasons why he shall let us stay. First and foremost, both Maylin and I are Elves, and Beorn is as partial to our kind as he is distrustful of Dwarves. Secondly, there are three ladies among us, and Beorn is a man of honor and would never turn them away to weather out the storm in the woods. Lastly, Jack, there is your horse. I am sure Beorn will find Fengel quite fascinating, and he might put us up for his sake alone, if for no other reason." "Hear that, Fengel?" Jack, the fourth rider, asked his grumpy steed, who was unhappy thanks to the dreary weather and his sodden mane. "You're more special in this place than we are!" The horse merely tossed his head and snorted, as if saying 'duh.' After a couple minutes, they came into a small courtyard bordered on three sides by the main house and its two wings. The horses were standing there behind a huge, burly man with extremely dark hair and a beard that completely hid the lower portions of his face. With the horses' muzzles resting on his shoulders, like they were whispering something to him, the bear man, Beorn, looked over the five horsemen and women that had entered his domain. "Here they are now," he said to the horses. "They don't look like a threat, a bit wet, maybe, but not dangerous. And one of these I think I know, Glorfindel the Elf! You can be off." Then the horses clattered back to their barn and the Four and Glorfindel were left alone in the presence of Beorn, the shape-shifter. The big man strode up and Glorfindel dropped down from his mount and demanded, "Who are this lot, and what do you want?" "I am grieved to disturb you," Glorfindel said, bowing deeply. "As you seem to so keenly remember, I am Glorfindel of the House of Elrond, and with me are the Four Wanderers, as titled by the Lady Galadriel. They hail from far away and are now the wards of King Elessar of Gondor. One of their number, the elven lady Maylin, is betrothed to Legolas Greenleaf, the Prince of Mirkwood, and we ride with her as an escort to her wedding. We should not have bothered you but for this storm. We were caught without a place to shelter and feared that the bride would reach her groom in a sorry and sodden state." Beorn threw back his head and heaved a mighty laugh. "And these other three, I trust that they too have names?" "Indeed," Glorfindel nodded. "I present to you, sir, lady Leigh, lady Jaden, and lord Jack, the other three of the Four." "Well I can hardly turn away three ladies from my doorstep, especially with one of them on her way to be reunited with her bridegroom, now can I?" Beorn rumbled, scratching his chin. His eyes shifted over the cloaked and shivering figures before him, and then his eyes came to rest on Fengel. "And what is this? Ah, he is a beauty, a wonder my mares didn't faint at the sight of him. Has he a name, little sir?" "His name is Fengel," Jack informed him, hopping down and leading the horse over to the bear man. With awe and respect in his eyes, Beorn reverently ran his hands over the stallion, murmuring under his breath and petting the horse's shining, wet coat. "Where in Middle-Earth did you come by him?" Beorn asked. "He was a gift to me from the Lady Eowyn and King Eomer of Rohan," Jack replied. "Fengel is one of the horses of the Riddermark, and I daresay he knows it full well." In response, Fengel shook his mane and huffed at his little master who stood in front of him. Beorn guffawed again. "You can shelter your horses in the barn with my own beasts," he rumbled cheerily. "And once you have finished that, you may return to the house, and I shall give you a hearty meal!" The group bowed their thanks and hurried off through the rain. It only took a few moments to take care of their horses, and, what was more, they left them in good company. Through the mud and moisture, they dashed back to the warmth and dryness of Beorn's house. Once they were inside they shed their cloaks and spread them out to the fire to dry while Beorn's fabulous animals came in with food which they set on a long, low table with short seats. Beorn examined his guests as they were freed from their soggy outerwear. At the same time, his guests examined him. While the bear man eyed Jaden's close-cropped hair with amusement, Jaden eyed the dogs, ponies and sheep bearing in dishes for the table. Leigh admired the blessed fire, and Beorn admired the fine elven blade strapped her hip. And so it went on down the line, and they all sat down to a good, warm dinner together around the low table. As the dinner things were cleared away and Glorfindel sat down with Beorn to share the remarkable story of the Four with him, Jack wandered over to the fire, where the three girls sat whispering and chattering. His