Author's Note I worked really hard on this story and in the end I really liked how it turned out. This is a Bella/Jasper story and to those of you who are bound to ask, no I will not be adding to this story. This was really just a one-shot that will stay a one-shot. I'm adding two more one-shots today, but they will be added to my site first before I add them here. If you want to read something, go ahead and head over because I just posted another one-shot that won't be on this site for another few hours. Tell me what you think, and I hope you enjoy! -Page Break- Bella took in a deep breath as she twirled the pen in her hand. She looked down at the blank paper in her hand. "You can do this, Bella." She whispered to herself trying to build up the courage to continue. "I can do this." She said as her pen hit the paper and she began to write. Dad. I know there are probably a million things going through your mind right now as you read this. You're probably thinking this is all your fault, but it's not. It's me, just me. I can't be who you everyone wants me to be. I'm so sorry you have to go through this all over again, but know that I really love you. I am so lucky to be able to call you a father, and I only hope that you'll still be happy to call me your daughter. I don't know where I'm going, and I don't know if I ever plan on coming back, but just know that I'm going to be okay. You asked me a few days ago what I wanted to be in life, and I told you I'd have an answer by today. Here it is: I want to be happy. I want to wake up every day with a smile on my face. I want to go to sleep excited to wake up again the next day. I want my life to be filled with happiness, because I don't want to experience pain anymore I'm tired of feeling hurt. I just want to be happy. I want a happy future, and I have no idea what that entails, but know that I'm happy. You may or may not hear from me again. I don't know what the future has in store, but maybe one day I'll come back. Love always, Bella Bella set the pencil down and folded up the letter. She wrote Charlie's name on it and grabbed the last of her things. She headed down the stairs and set the letter down on the counter where she was sure Charlie would find it as soon as he got home. Bella put the rest of her bags in the cab of her truck and pulled out of the driveway. She didn't look back as she exited the small town, she just kept driving. Bella smiled as she was out of Washington, this was her new beginning. A new chance to let go of the hurt she experienced because of Edward. This was a chance to experience true happiness. -Page Break- "CHARLOTTE!" Peter growled in anger as his companion had gone completely off the rails. Peter grabbed Charlotte by the throat and forced her up against the wall his perfect teeth exposed as he snarled at his companion. "WHAT. HAVE. YOU. DONE." He growled as he threw her to the floor and looked to the brunette that now lay screaming on the ground. "She looked at you!" Charlotte responded as she grasped her throat, she stood and glared at the girl before looking back to Peter. "YOU'RE MINE!" Peter growled at her words and met her gaze. "I am nothing of yours!" Peter said as he glared at the girl he once considered his close friend. "I suggest you get out of my sight before I tear you apart for what you've done. You just marked your own death sentence, because if I don't kill you, she will." He said as he looked back at the girl on the floor. Charlotte went to grab Bella only to have Peter throw Charlotte into the wall. "I'm taking the girl." Charlotte said doing her best not to coward away at the look Peter was giving her. Peter growled at Charlotte in warning. "You try to get near this girl again, I'll have your head. Do you understand? Leave before I kill you. We both know you don't have the skills to defend yourself against me." Charlotte whimpered but left as she saw Peter wasn't moved by her attempt to sway him. Peter kneeled down beside Bella, he pushed her hair out her face and sighed. "The Major won't be too happy to know this is how you turned." Peter caressed her cheek. "I guess you're my new prodigy." Peter picked Bella up being careful not to move her too much. "He's going to have my head if I don't teach you right." He murmured as he carried Bella away being careful to walk through the woods knowing no one would really hear her screams in the woods. "You're going to keep him in his place." Peter said with a smirk. "But first, we have to get him away from that family and back to being a real vampire. Then you'll both have your happily ever after." Peter's smirk widened as his gift was making his head tingle with all the information. "This will be fun, Bella. You'll be my perfect partner in this. Me and you, we'll have a lot of fun together." Peter walked into the house he used to share with Charlotte. He would work on getting the stench of Charlotte out before Bella woke the last thing he needed was for Bella to be on edge because of the smell. He set her down on the couch as it was the only surface he really had in the house that was soft. He covered his ears as her screams continued to fill the air. "I really hope this will stop soon." Peter said with annoyance as her screams became louder and louder as the venom progressed in her body. Peter put everything of Charlotte's in the backyard where he planned to burn it all into a crisp. He paused as his phone began to ring interrupting his planned bon fire. He groaned as he saw the name that blinked on his phone. Major Whitlock. Peter walked over to were Bella was still screaming, "I'll be right back… shout if you need anything." Peter smirked at his own joke before he left and headed far enough out that Jasper wouldn't hear Bella's screams. "How can I help you?" Peter said answering the call. "What the hell happened between you and Charlotte?" Jasper said with a growl he had always seen Charlotte as a younger sister and when she called him not that long ago stating Peter had kicked her out, Jasper was more than angry. "I finally had enough." Peter said he looked back towards the house. "She crossed the line." "She said you left her for a new born." Jasper said, "I'd understand if this newborn where your mate, Peter, but how could you be so cruel to Charlotte." Peter rolled his eyes, "She's not my mate, but neither is Charlotte. I've warned Charlotte of her actions and she went too far today, Major. She did something I couldn't get past, so yes I told her to leave before I ripped her apart." Jasper growled, "You left Char for some newborn. How stupid can you be? Charlotte was the best thing that ever happened to you. How can you be as stupid as giving her up for some worthless newborn?" Peter growled, he knew Jasper didn't know exactly who this newborn was or how important she was, but that didn't give him a right to double guess his actions. "Sorry Major, but I'm a big boy now and I know what I'm doing." Peter hung up the phone and walked back to the house. He resumed his actions and lit the pile on fire. He stepped back and watched as everything burned to a crisp. He looked back to the house, Bella still had a day to go before she woke up so he had plenty of time to pick up some things she might possibly need in the nearby future. -Page Break- "STOP HESISTATING!" Peter yelled at Bella as he was doing his best to get her trained. He growled as she faltered in her steps yet again. "You're not hurting me, so stop weakening your movements. You were changed because you didn't know how to protect yourself, if you want to prevent getting hurt again I suggest you listen to what I'm saying Isabella." Bella took in an unneeded breath and nodded. "Okay." She said she went back into the fighting stance Peter had taught her and began to move. She growled in frustration as Peter was blocking all of her movements. She pushed herself harder and began to try harder to get at least one hit in on Peter. She growled louder as she landed on her back as Peter hit her in the gut. "Had this been a real fight I would have had you in pieces in seconds." Peter said as he offered her his hand and helped her to stand. "But you're getting better. You're movements aren't as slow and neither are your reflexes we just have to keep practicing." Bella nodded, she reached for her throat. "It's burning, Pete." She said as she tried to control the feelings in her throat, but the hunger was becoming too strong. Peter sighed, "I forgot you're only a few weeks old. You hold yourself better than any other newborn I've ever encountered its hard to remember you're so young." Peter took Bella's hand and led her into the house. He hadn't taking her hunting yet because he knew her control wasn't strong enough for that step yet. Instead he either brought home humans for her to feed off of or he'd give her some blood bags. Peter lifted Bella up and set her down on the counter. "So what do you want today?" Bella shrugged, "AB Positive, I guess." Bella said as she looked at Peter, she watched him pull out a few blood bags. He handed her two and kept the third for himself. "Pete…" Bella said as she reached for the blood bag. "Why are you so nice to me? Why do you care so much that I learn how to fight and that I stay safe?" Peter smirked, "Well, I have a mission to do and you're sort of a large component to it. Aside from that, I think you're a good person Isabella and what Charlotte did to you wasn't something you deserved. I also think you're good to have around you're a breath of fresh air." Bella nodded, she finished up the blood bag quickly. "What about me is so important?" "You're the mate to Jasper Whitlock." Peter said knowing he should tell her sooner or later. Bella choked back on her blood as Peter had told her who Jasper Hale really was. "Jasper is mated to Alice." She stated as she choked down the blood that had been caught in her throat with the announcement. "No, Jasper is Alice's companion." Peter said as he drank from his blood bag. "Alice needs Jasper because Jasper is strong enough to protect her from danger. She doesn't care for Jasper, she just needs him so she can stay alive. I'm more than certain Jasper already knows this, but the guilt from his past is overwhelming and Alice doesn't accuse him of anything verbally. Alice showed him a new life and a new diet, I suppose his gratitude is what keeps him there." "So