Author's Note Happy Peace Day! The holidays I found… Anyway, I hope you're all having a good day! Be aware that this is a one-shot! Tell me what you think, and I hope you enjoy! -Page Break- Riley looked over at the girl that sat a few feet away from him. She was clutching her chest, her eyes glued to the floor and her breathing was coming out in pants. Cautiously he made his way over to her, "Are you okay?" He questioned softly as he got close enough for her to hear him. He froze as she turned to look at him, her big brown eyes filled with fear as they stared back at him. His breath caught as she tried to speak only to be stopped by the speeding up of her breaths. She looked away turning her attention back to the ground as she tried to calm herself. Riley moved and kneeled down in front of her. He took her hands and covered them with his own, "You have to focus on your breathing." He said softly so he didn't make things worse. "Breathe with me." He said as he moved closer to her, he pressed her hands against his chest allowing her to feel the rise and fall of his chest. "Just breathe with me." He said softly again, he smiled when she opened her eyes again and met his eyes. "Hey." Riley said softly pushing the hair that had fallen to cover her face behind her ears. "How you feeling, sweets?" Bella blushed lightly. "I'm fine, thank you." Riley smiled he released her hands and sat directly beside her. "I'm Riley Biers." He announced with a smile. "Bella Swan." She responded, "Thank you for helping me, you didn't have to, but thank you." Riley smirked, "I take advantage of any opportunity in which I can hold hands with a beautiful girl." His smirk widened as her blush deepened and she looked away from him. "Are you here for the scholarship?" She questioned quietly breaking through the silence that had taken over. "Yeah, my mom wants me to get it." Riley responded with a shrug. "It's a family tradition to go to Yale and she wants me to continue it. I'm guessing that's why you're here for too." Bella nodded, "Yeah, it's either this scholarship or I'm stuck at UW." She looked around the room. "We're the last two to be interviewed." Riley nodded, "That's a good thing, sweets. We can leave a lasting impression, something that they can take home with them." Riley reached over and too Bella's hand in his. "I bet you're going to be awesome. I've already lost all hope of getting this scholarship, you're going to make me seem like an ignorant fool." Bella laughed lightly, "Thanks, I suppose. Where are you from?" She questioned softly as she knew he wasn't from Forks as she had never seen him around. "I live about 15 minutes away from this hotel," Riley admitted with a smile. "And you?" "I live in Forks." Bella responded, "I don't think you would know where that is." Riley grinned, "Of course I know where it is! My parents have a house there, we only moved to Seattle about a year ago or so." "Really?" Bella questioned in disbelief. Riley nodded, "You said your last name was Swan, as in the Chief?" Bella nodded, "Yeah, he's my dad." "Huh, I'm pretty sure he remembers me." Riley said with a smirk, "I gave your dad a really hard time with all the pranks I would do. I'm surprised he never had me arrested." Bella laughed, "You know my dad?" Riley nodded, "Yeah, before I moved to Seattle, I had a thing for getting into mischief. Your dad would always catch me, drive me home and tell me not to do it again. He was always really cool about not telling my parents or putting me in a jail cell. Though, one time he did cuff me to the door to his cruiser after I tried to escape. I had to sit in the backseat for hours driving around town with him." Bella laughed, her face turned serious as the lady in a black suit came out and called Riley's name. She smiled at him. "Good luck." Riley smiled, "Thank you, sweets." He said as he stood up and followed the woman back. His interview went well, he got a few laughs from the interviewers, and was able to tell them how much this scholarship would mean to him, though a part of him wanted them to forget about him and give it to the girl outside. Once he was done he headed out and smiled as Bella was twitching in her seat. She stood as he came out. "You doing okay, sweets?" Riley questioned as he walked over to her. Bella bit her lip, and shrugged. "I'm nervous… Really, nervous. And I feel like my heart is seconds away from beating out of my chest." Riley stepped forward and cupped her cheek. "It's not going to be bad. I've talked to you for less than a few minutes and I already like you more than any of my friends." Bella smiled, "Thank you." She quietly whispered as she was taking in the warmth of his hand on her cheek. Her eyes snapped to the woman in a black that called her name. "I guess this is it." Riley nodded, "You're going to be great. I know it." He pulled his hand away from her cheek, but before she could leave he kissed her cheek. "Good luck in there, sweets. Though I doubt you really need it." Bella blushed and nodded before she disappeared behind the doors. Riley looked around, he had two options, he could leave and probably never see her again or he could wait for her to come back out. He took a seat and looked to where the door was hoping everything was going good for her. He was really wishing she would get this scholarship. He stood up as she came back out, he smiled as she seemed more relax. "Feeling good?" Bella smiled widely as she saw him. "You stayed. Why?" "I wanted to see you." He replied honestly. "I know the drive back to Forks is pretty long, but before you go do you want to get a bite to eat with me?" Bella smiled widely, "As in a date?" Riley smirked, "It depends on the answer." "If I say yes?" Bella replied as she met his eyes smiling as they looked so happy. "Then yes as in a date." Riley said with a smile, he held out his hand to her. "What do you say, sweets?" Bella took his hand in hers. "Yes, but I do have to drive back home before it gets too dark out." Riley nodded, "It's no problem." -Page Break- Riley sighed as Bella insisted her truck was fine, but it had started snowing and the old rustic thing was barely turning on. He reached over and took the keys from her. "Get in my car, I'll take you back." Bella shook her head and got out of the truck and glared at Riley. Ignoring the snow that was starting to cover the both of them. "I can drive home, I'll be fine." She insisted as she held out her hand for her keys. Riley put the keys in his pocket, "Come on, sweets we both know this piece of rust is going to be the death of you. Now, we just finished our first date and I still have about 2 more before I can ask you to be my girlfriend, so I would really like it if you managed to stay out of the hospital until then and honestly after that too." Bella crossed her arms over her chest. "And your family? I don't think your parents will be happy that you'd be out so late." Riley smirked, "My parents and my younger sibling are away for the weekend in Vegas. I had to stay behind because of the interview, so they won't really care what I'm doing as long as I don't get thrown in jail. Now, get your bag so we can get inside my safe and warm car to get you home." Bella took in a deep breath she grabbed her backpack from her truck and put it on before turning to Riley who had a smirk on his face. "At this rate you're going to have to wait until the fourth date to ask me to be your girlfriend. Anything before that and I'll refuse." Bella said as locked up her truck. Riley chuckled and opened the passenger door for Bella, "I can do that." He got into the driver's seat and began to pull out of the parking and lot and drive back to Forks. Their date had gone long and it was about 8pm now so the drive back to Forks was going to be long, but Riley had a feeling that if he let Bella leave in that truck she would get hurt. He looked to Bella as her phone started to ring. "I bet it's your dad." He said as she pulled the phone out of her bag. Bella nodded, and flashed him the phone as it was in fact Charlie calling. "Hey, dad." "Where are you Bells?" Charlie questioned his tone laced with worry. "Are you okay?" "Yeah, I'm fine dad. I'm just leaving Seattle, it'll be a bit before I get home. My truck wouldn't start, so I found a ride home." Bella responded hoping her dad wouldn't freak out on her. "A ride with who? Don't tell me you got into a car with a stranger?" Charlie said demanding answers. "No dad he's not a stranger." Bella said she looked over at Riley who was smirking. "I think you know him, his name is Riley Biers." "Bells…" Charlie said with a frustrated sigh. "How'd you end up in that boy's car?" "Well, he offered me candy." Bella replied she smiled as Riley laughed and Charlie sighed with annoyance. "He was also up for the scholarship. He offered me a ride when my truck wouldn't start. Actually, he took my keys away because he though old red wouldn't make it home in the snow. I personally think old red could've made it home, but Riley refused to let me drive this late and in this weather by myself." "Pass me the boy." Charlie demanded, Bella looked over at Riley who already had his hand extended to get the phone call. "Chief!" Riley said putting the phone to his ear. "It's been a long time since we last had a chat." "Listen to me, that's my little girl you have in your car. She's in your care right now and unless you want to end up behind bars you'll make sure she gets home in one piece." Charlie said in what Riley recognized as his authority voice. "Of course," Riley responded easily. "My face is far too handsome to end up behind bars, Chief. Who knows what they'll do to me in the slammer." "Can't you ever take anything serious, kid?" Charlie responded he sighed. "Drive safe, and if the weather gets worst pull over and wait for it to calm down before driving again." "I'm well aware how to drive in this sort of weather, Chief." Riley said with a smirk. "I mean I'm driving and talking on the phone, I think that alone says a lot about my skills." "Get my little girl home safely." Charlie responded his voice filled with annoyance as he talked to Riley. "Give Bells the phone." Bella took the phone from Riley. "Hey, dad." "Don't let that boy fool around too much on the road, you keep him in line. Make sure he drives safely." Charlie said, "Call if you need anything, Bells." "I will dad." Bella said as she