Chapter 1. I sat down in my cozy brown chair, exhausted. I was ready to settle down and watch Lord of the rings in a marathon yet again. They were my favorite films. My cocoa with tiny marshmallows and cream was warming me as I drank it. The sensation of the heat was so good. My work at the library was done and I had rushed home to put on my red sweat suit to watch the films. The suit fit to my golden Rubin ring that I found today, no one seemed to have lost it so I took it instead. I know it wasn`t the best ideal idea, but if someone reported it missing I would return it gladly. The elves were my favorite characters, there was something so pure and magically about them, and of course the elvish language was interesting as well. I could never imagine how Tolkien created all of it, let alone the language. I woke up from a horn, crap I had fallen asleep while I was watching the film now I had to rewind it. I saw a man in front of me; he had blond hair by the looks of it. The vision was blurry so I had to focus hard, it was probably my friend harry. I tried to stand up on my feet. "Easy there, you hit your head pretty hard as you were standing in the way of some orcs" The man said to me " I was hunting some orcs you see , they are dead now. We are living in a perilous time; one should not wander alone, especially a woman without weapons. " That was definitely not Harry by his voice and when I focused I saw someone I did not expect to see. It was Legolas. I looked around; I was not in my home anymore. The landscape was beautiful; it was green and yellow fields with white flowers, and nothing else in sight. "Are you lost? You seem very confused. I am Legolas Greenleaf from Mirkwood" he asked me, I just started at him and scanned him with my brown eyes and pale skin. He had his blonde hair straight with braids on the sides, and one in the back. His eyes blue and the clothing's were grey. "Come with me, I was on my way to Lothlòrien to a meeting with Galadriel and Celeborn," I just nodded in reply. He stepped on a hill and observed the area. "The trip will be in two days if we're lucky. Can you speak the common language? Do you understand me?" He asked me, shaking me softly and innocent to trying to get an answer out of me. I nodded once again; I was also feeling scared as well as confused. Was I just dreaming? But it seemed so vivid. I had many questions to ask but they all stopped at the tip of my tongue, something held me back of speaking but what? As we were walking I could see Legolas glance at me sometimes, worried maybe? Or confused perhaps? I tried to say something, but only a whining noise would come out. He stopped, surprised. "So there is a little life in you after all. Take your time, I know you are probably scared of something; I do not know of what but I'm telling you, you have no reason to be. I will protect you, that's a promise." He spoke calm and slow as to reassure me that I shouldn't be scared, and pushed my small bangs aside of my curly brown hair that reached to my waist. I had let my hair grow too much that they had been damaged at the ends. I smiled at him, feeling a little better but still unable to speak. "You are wearing strange clothes, my friend" he pointed out to me; a small laugh escaped my lips. "You have a beautiful laugh, if only one could imagine how your voice sounded like" He said wondering. This was all so surreal to me. He kept on going "Come, we have to reach those caves in an hour" He pointed to a few big rocks ahead of us, I looked but I could barely see anything. "Elf eyes" I whispered, laughing quietly for myself. "Did you say something?" The elf asked me, I shook my head in reply. My head rested against a cold stone with grass to comfort my head. It was cold. Now I had time to think, how could this have happened to me? I had too many flaws. I was not in great shape; I was normal but a bit chubby around my stomach. I don't run fast, I certainly didn't have any talent. I turned around and saw Legolas in trance as the elves called it, his eyes open. Legolas was my dream back on earth or wherever I came from. He was so beautiful and pure, so innocent. I had to find out why this happened to me, I was determined about that. Maybe Galadriel knew why. In despite of all I`ve ever dreamt of, this is not what I imagined. This feels confused and empty, even in the presence of others, Legolas more specifically. I shook my head like I was trying to shake the thoughts out of my head and I slowly fell asleep. I felt someone shake me lightly as to not harm me. I didn't want to go to work at the library today, I was too cold and sore and I just had the weirdest dream. "I'm so sorry to wake you but we have to be feed and keep going" Legolas said to me, I groaned. This had not been a dream after all. All I wanted was to return to my home, where I was safe and comfortable. I stood up and stretched. I look confused at a grey blanket around me; I had not slept with a blanket. Legolas must have seen my baffled look. "You shivered and you looked cold. I thought you might have needed the blanket" he explained with a half hearted smile. I sat down around the fire to keep me warm, Legolas handed me some bread. "Lembas?" I questioned him, my voice sounded weird and I coughed a little. He looked startled, with his mouth hanging open. "Yes they are, did you finally decide to talk?" he smiled at me and handed me some water to clear my dry throat. "Don't get too used to it" I chuckled "I need answers from Galadriel; she might know why I am here. You see I don't know why I ended up here, it's all so confusing. Sorry I can't tell much about my life, I can't remember anything." The last part was a lie; I did remember my home, back home from where I came from. I remembered everything. I lied because I was too scared he might do something to me if he found out where I came from, therefore it was better to wait until I could talk to Galadriel. She was one of the wise elves after all. He nodded in understanding. "Does the beautiful young girl have a name?" He asked me and took a bite from his lembas. "Kierra Dawn" I answered and took a sip of water. The morning sun had not fully risen from the mountains; it must have been very early at dawn. He took his bow behind his back and put the fire out and motioned for me to come along. I took the blanket around me to keep me warm and followed him. The horizon was beautiful this early at dawn and it made me feel good and refreshed. It was like camping with friends. Camping was in my family, but I didn't often see my parents, they live in Alaska, far away from my home in New York. I am a lonely child. They were sad when I went with my friend Harry to New York. Now I might never see my parents again, I sighed by the thought. "Is something upsetting you?" Legolas asked and stopped walking. "I was just remembering my parents" I explained, smiling trying to show him that everything was fine. "I thought you couldn't remember anything from the past?" he asked confused this time. "I don't, I just remember a few pieces" I told him and stopped smiling. I felt guilty for lying to him. We kept on walking. None of us broke the tense silence that lay over us. "Hide" Legolas yelled at me and pushed me down under a stone. I looked up from the stone confused and scared. "Wait here" he said before he sprinted towards a gang of orcs. "You will never have the power of the lands" he proclaimed and shot an arrow against one of the orc standing nearest. I watched as he fought. One of the orcs stopped fighting, and smelled the air. "You are not alone, elf" the orc stated, trying to find where the scent was coming from. I tried to move and breathe as little as I could while I was backing further away down under the stone, quietly. I held my hand over my mouth and turned around and screamed. At the corner of my eyes I saw Legolas fight the few orcs that was still left. One of the orcs was standing over me and he looked nasty. I backed away from him, but cut myself inside of my hand palms on the side of the rock. It hurt. He was about stake me with a stick, the stick looked like it was cut from an elder tree, it still had a few leafs on it. He stopped suddenly looking blankly out in the air and he fell at the side of me, there was an arrow in his back. I looked up and I saw Legolas, behind him were the orcs that lay dead on the ground. "You're bleeding" he stated and tore up a piece of clothing he found from his green backpack. He folded it around my hand and smiled. I couldn't deny it, the pain was excruciating, it hurt a lot worse than you would imagined otherwise. "Thank you for saving my life" I thanked him and he gave a little smile back to me. "If we keep going the whole day, we would be able to come in to Lorien by nightfall. Are you up for it?" he asked me, looking at my wound to be sure. "Yeah, I should be able to" I smiled a little and we continued walking. It was quite hard to keep up with him, at some point he started running. "Who is this?" an older looking elf with blonde hair asked Legolas with a few others behind him, and he pointed his arrow at me. "I come in peace" I defended myself but felt idiotic. It was like I was talking to aliens, but then again they were other creatures than humans. "Be quiet, young girl" He spoke calmly, took down his bow and turned to Legolas and spoke in the Elvish tong. The rest of the elves were still pointing their arrows at me. At the corner of my eyes I saw both of their blue eyes staring at each other as it sounded like they were discussion something, someone . It bothered me that I couldn't understand what they were saying. What would they decide to do with me? I waited patiently as my heartbeat was beating fast. The elf Legolas was speaking with looked familiar and then I recognized him, it was Haldir. I looked at the other elves; the two other blonde elves standing closest to him would probably be his brothers Rùmil and Orophin. "You will come with us, Galadriel awaits you" Haldir lead the way and the rest of us followed. We walked up the hill; it was getting darker by the minute as