A/N. I do not own Finnick Odair or the Hunger Games. Those are owned by the very talented Suzanne Collins. I do own my original characters and the plot line. This is my first fanfiction and I do plan to continue with it, so thank you for giving it a chance. I hope you enjoy it. Constructive criticism is welcome :) - AggieWhoop14 If Finnick Odair had to pinpoint the most important moment in his life, it wouldn't be when he was reaped for the Hunger Games or when President Snow first asked him to "kindly lend his body to the people of the Capitol". No, those were too obvious. They held no depth. Those were answers he would give to Cesaer Flickerman during an interview. They were lies, and in his heart he knew the real answer. The facade was hard to drop though. The cocky act of the Golden Boy of the Capital was a hard one to let go of. The act that had him always smirking and flirting and making sensual advancements towards women. It was what was expected of him. It was simple. But he didn't want simple. He never wanted simple. It was such a bland life to live. Attempt to sleep, eat, sleep with his clients, smirk, make the Capital love him, and then repeat the process. He could have done it and lived with himself though he would have felt disgusted for the rest of his life at what he had become, but he could have lived that life. Until she snuck up on him. That's all it came down to. She was everything. She was what he lived for, breathed for even. But how was he supposed to know that at twelve years old? How was he supposed to know that years from that one moment he was to be so deep in love with her that it would prove to be dangerous? That was the moment. The moment he knew he would eventually have to admit that changed his life forever. "Finnick? You don't have to answer if you don't want to." He continued to knot the rope in his hand. Twist here, twist there, knot. He was safe or as safe as he could be in a revolution, but that didn't keep him from thinking twice over his words before he answered. He felt Katniss start to get off the edge of his bed and suddenly it became urgent that he told someone. Anyone. "I was twelve." Katniss turned around slowly, her eyes narrowing slightly in confusion. Finnick chuckled softly before he set the rope aside and gestured for her to take a seat again. "You wanted to know the most important moment in my life, yes?" Finnick watched her eagerly hoping she hadn't changed her mind and he would be forced to put the memories back under lock and key. He needed this. So few knew their story, and who better to know than the Girl on Fire. She nodded encouragingly, somehow sensing his need to let out the truth. "I was twelve when it happened. The most important moment in my life, I mean. It was the beginning of summer, and my life changed though I didn't know it yet." 12 Years Earlier: District 4, Panem School had just ended and the sun was particularly punishing that day as it shone over the district. The only relief came from the soft ocean breeze that swept across every now and then. Finnick walked slowly toward the school gate to exit. He was in no rush to get home because there would be nobody there waiting on him. Both of his parents had been on the last fishing convoy that had left the district and they would not be returning for at least four days. So he continued slowly, watching as his peers ran about in excitement, their white uniform shirts becoming transparent with sweat. Nobody seemed to care though because most everybody would head to the beach to relax off the week of school and training that the district found necessary for its children to endure in order to prepare for the Hunger Games. Finnick turned around slightly at the sound of his name. He squinted into the sunlight brushing his bronze hair out of his eyes as he turned to find who had called out. Slowly he was able to make out a slim figure with a mop of dark brown hair jogging towards him, who Finnick could identify as Clay Mason. Clay Mason was a very persistent boy, Finnick would give him that. Perhaps that's why they became close friends. Finnick had known of him from a very early age. Clay was very loud, but he was kind and had quite a unique sense of humor. At the beginning of the school year, Clay and Finnick had been assigned seats next to each other in school and it had only taken a few hours before the boys clicked. Since then, they had been attached at the hip. It had been a surprise to everyone how close they had become, but Finnick never questioned it. What was meant to happen, would happen. "Hey dude. Glad I could catch you before you left!" Clay caught up with ease due to his long scrawny legs. " Your parents are out of town, yeah?" Finnick's head snapped up to look at his friend as he spoke about his parents. He leaned in closer before he hissed, " How did you know that? We didn't tell anybody." Despite Finnick's attempt at intimidating the boy into sharing his sources with him, Clay remained calm as his dark blue eyes shone with amusement. "Man, you should really stick to the famous Odair charm, Intimidation isn't really your forte." Clay paused before he continued with a small grin on his face, " Or get your growth spurt, and then maybe that would have been scary. Besides, you know I'm good at figuring things out, man. "It's good to know secrets, Finn. They give you the upper hand. You know their secrets, you win the game. Simple as that." Clay ran a hand through his hair, before placing his palm onto Finnick's chest to stop him. "Remember that, alright?" Finnick nodded, and despite himself he tucked away the advice for future reference. "Was there a reason you decided to come bother me, or did you just want to rub your almighty secrets in my face?" He couldn't help the smirk that made it's way on to his lips. Just as Clay had been about to answer a small group of girls skirted past them shoving slightly into his friend. Clay stumbled forward, and only came to a stop when Finnick took a hold of his upper arm. Finnick turned to the girls to ask for an apology, but he quickly stopped when he noticed that the girls were already looking at him. They were glancing at him while they whispered amongst themselves. They began to giggle, and Finnick couldn't help the fear that ran down his spine. What was this? Did he have something in his teeth? He could feel his cheeks heating up, and it wasn't because of the heat that the sun was emitting. Suddenly the group of girls, shoved forward a petite blond girl, all the while whispering 'come on, go on Caly.' She was pretty, Finnick would admit that, but that didn't stop him from feeling extremely cornered. He couldn't help but feel like he should have walked faster to get home because if he had he most likely wouldn't be stuck in this situation. The girl, Caly, hesitantly made her way towards Finnick. It was only then that he noticed that he was still gripping onto Clay's arm like a life line. He quickly let go, and looked at his friend with wide eyes. Clay looked back at him, a small amused grin spreading across his face, and to Finnick's horror gestured that he would wait for him by the gate. As he watched Clay retreat to the school exit gate, Finnick could see his body shake with laughter, and he groaned softly as he realized he was left to deal with this all by himself. So much for best friends. Finnick turned his attention back to Caly. She had finally reached him. She stood directly in front of him looking upwards through her lashes. Her eyes were a soft mossy green, and her smile was delicate. Everything about her was pleasant, but still the sick feeling in his stomach would not go away. "Hi Finnick" She twirled her curly blond hair between her fingers, and she released a soft giggle. Then it was silent. Finnick just stared at her with wide eyes. What was he supposed to do? He didn't know how to respond to this type of interaction. Sure, he had tons of girls come up to him in the halls and make flirtatious comments at him, but he had never liked it. He didn't like the attention, what did he need it for? But at least the comments shot in passing he could deal with. Never in his life had he felt so cornered. There was no one to help him take the attention off of himself, and Caly had brought an audience to make sure she wasn't dissed. It was smart of her, and he was scared. "Um, hi. Caly, right?" He finally stumbled out an answer. It came out more as a squeak, but he applauded himself on even answering. He knew, by now, his cheeks would be an embarrassing shade of red despite his tanned skin. To his complete surprise, she giggled again placing her hand on his bicep, "You are so cute, when you're nervous. Well you're just really cute." That's all it took and he was lost once again. He didn't know what to say and he could feel a knot begin to build in his throat. His hand crept up to the back of his neck, and he couldn't help but glance at Clay by the gate. Clay was leaning against the fence, clutching at his stomach as he laughed. Finnick could almost hear him from where he stood. Finnick took it as a challenge. He would be the one laughing at the end of this. He could feel the flirtatious smirk come slowly to his face. The blush faded from his cheeks as a rush of determination and confidence swept through his body. He ran his hands through his curling bronze hair before grasping Caly's hand which was still placed on his upper arm. "Well how could I not be nervous when there is such a beauty before me?" Finnick almost snorted at his words. They were beyond cheesy, but he continued with the act anyway. He brought her petite hand upwards until he was able to bring his lips to brush against her knuckles softly, his sea green eyes never leaving hers. The blood rushed to her cheeks, and that was when he knew he had won. He didn't know what had come over him, but if it shut Clay up then he was okay with it. Finnick knew that this sudden rush of adrenaline would not last long and he would soon return to a stuttering mess if he didn't make his escape quickly. So he withdrew casually from her hand, and made sure to keep the smirk plastered to his face. "I'm afraid, Caly, that I can not stay. It was a pleasure to meet such a beautiful girl. Have a nice day." For extra effect, Finnick threw a wink at the blushing girl. He nearly added that they should do it again sometime, but Finnick did not wish to repeat the incident. As he walked away, he heard the group of girls that Caly had brought with her begin to squeal. The noise was almost enough to make him sprint towards Clay, but he knew he