Well, Hello there! Long time no see I know! But my New Year's Resolution is to rectify that and I can promise you a Poison chapter this weekend. What is this, you may wonder? Today is Twilover76's Birthday and a few weeks ago she told me she'd like a fantasy football fic. I had an idea on that for awhile so it wasn't too hard to get it down on paper. Those of you that don't like football probably won't care for this, so consider it fair warning. It's loaded with football talk :) Happy birthday, Heather! I hope you like it! Living the Fantasy "That's it, that's it! Go you son of a bitch, go!" "Edward!" Shit. Caught again. I looked up from where I'd been watching highlights on my phone into the sour face of my very pissed off girlfriend, Jane. "Sorry, honey, but it's almost time for the fantasy playoffs and I needed that touchdown from Peterson to clinch a bye and…" I trailed off when her face pinched up even more and her blue eyes burned into me. Perhaps now wasn't the time to rant about the fact that the Vikings had misused AP horribly this year and cost me first place because they insisted on throwing the ball with their shitty quarterbacks instead of letting the best player in the league carry the load. "Hello, earth to Edward." She snapped her fingers in front of my face and I had to fight the urge to slap her hand away. Who did that? "I'll never understand why you're so wrapped up in some fake sports league when you should be focusing on me. Isn't this reality way better than your stupid fantasy stuff?" I glanced around at the opulent country club she dragged me to every Sunday, insisting that we brunch with her family and then golf with her father instead of plant my ass on the couch and watch the only sport I truly loved. I'd done this bullshit all season long and as my fantasy app updated showing that I had edged out Calvin's Big Johnson for the win, I knew the answer to her question. "No, it's not." Her lips dropped open and she gaped at me as if I'd just punched her in her judgmental face. "See you around, Jane, it's been real. Mind-numbingly real and boring. I'll just go back to my fantasy world now." And I turned and walked away. Xoxoxoxoxox "Priceless!" Emmett hooted with glee as I recounted the story for him and Jasper the following Sunday. Yes, I was planted on J's couch with a beer in my hand and The Red Zone queued up on the TV. Greatest channel ever invented, no lie. A fantasy geek's dream come true. I got to see every touchdown seconds after they happened and keep up with what all my players were doing. "Seriously, it was about time you got rid of that wet blanket." J looked up from the laptop where he was locking in his lineup. I shrugged. What could I say, they were right. Jane was hot but she was bitchy, rich, entitled, and more than a little snotty. "I work for her father. It seemed like a good idea at the time." "Ha! The time to schmooze the boss is after football season. Everyone knows that," Em informed me around a mouthful of Doritos. "Man, I'm starving. When is the pizza getting here?" "Like you know about having a boss, dickhead." Emmett worked as a mechanic with his girlfriend Rose in their garage. "Thirty minutes. And are you kidding? Rose has his dick in a vice." That was actually true. Emmett nodded happily as he munched his chips. "She does, but when she gets it in the vice she uses her tongue to drive me wild." He wiggled his eyebrows and dodged the pillow I hurled at him. The last thing I needed to hear about right now was his and Rose's sex life, not when I wasn't getting any. I hadn't been for weeks, actually. I was the one with his dick in the vice and no tongue action to make it better. "Fuck you, Em. Let's talk about the playoffs instead." J and Em groaned and I grinned at their lack of enthusiasm. "Hey, you two still have a chance to win the consolation bracket. Best of the worst isn't that bad." "Dick. Don't you ever get tired of winning?" Emmett scowled at me. "Why would I? Everyone wants to win." Especially me. League champ three years in a row and running. "Don't count your trophies before they're awarded, Ed," J told me with a grin. "Looks like you've got some real competition this year." Just that reminder of that had my grin melting away. It was the first time I was going into the playoffs in second place and I didn't like it, but I was going to win when it mattered in a couple weeks. "Who is that mother fucker you brought into the league anyway? Matthew Berry?" We had a twelve man league but this year Mike's wife was pregnant and scary and she'd made him back out. We'd all given him shit about it but there was no swaying him. J was our commissioner and he'd found someone at work to step in. At least he claimed they were from work. It probably was Matthew Berry, just waiting to dethrone me. I mean really, the prick had taken Peyton Manning in the first round with the first pick. Who does that? I'd laughed when I saw the selection during our draft. Don't get me wrong, Manning's a stud and all, but first overall? I had him last year and he'd been serviceable, getting 20 to 30 points per game. Solid but nothing flashy. Who knew that he'd go off like a rocket this year, looking to break every record known to man? I knew the Broncos would be awesome and I had Thomas and Welker locked in as my starting WR's every week, but damn. Manning was out of control and making my second round steal of Brees look pathetic. "Are you saying you couldn't beat Matthew Berry? Pretty sad, man." I could. I totally could. His sleepers hadn't impressed me. Hadn't I been the one to pick up Cordarelle Patterson in the last round? He worked his way off my bench and into the flex position in recent weeks, despite the Vikings picking guys out of the stands to play quarterback. Isaiah Pead was a no-show at running back in St. Louis, but Zach Stacy was rocking, thank you very much. Damn right I could beat Matthew Berry. And I would in two weeks. "Seriously, you have to introduce me to this asshole. Do you think he can come out of momma's basement to hang with us next weekend?" He clearly had no life. Only a true nerd could have foreseen that Jennings would unseat McFadden in Oakland. That had been another pick that I'd laughed at. The laugh was on me, clearly. J chuckled. "I'm inviting the whole league over for the last game of the season. You can meet your adversary face to face in two weeks." Good. Team Swan Song would go down live and in person. Hopefully I wouldn't make him cry as Team VD: Burnin' Like Vernon was officially crowned champion. There was no place for tears in fantasy football, not even from some momma's boy who might not be able to shave yet. I had no problem spanking an unruly child that thought he could take my title. My name would be etched on the championship trophy yet again. Xoxoxoxox "What up, bitches!" Emmett came into the room with a keg in tow. "The party can officially get started, I'm here!" Of course he was relaxed and ready to have a good time. His team had gone down to J's and he had nothing on the line. It was me and Swan's Song vying for the title, as predicted, and Peyton Goddamn Manning was poised to break the all time touchdown and passing records this week. No way he wasn't going to put up numbers. Drew Brees better kick Tampa's ass up and down the field, not that it was hard to beat them but he was playing like shit on the road. I needed some points from his ass since I'd had to bench Peterson. Stacy and Lacy were carrying the load for me at running back. Thank God Rodgers was back in Green Bay. They might score now, but of course, was he just going to throw or would he feed the back I needed so I could retain my championship? So many questions. And just where was my opponent anyway? Everyone in town was here. James and Ben were talking trash, as they were going head to head for third place. Tyler and Eric had crapped out like Emmett. Jake and Sam as well, but they were all here, lining up to get some beer and criticizing their shit teams, like that was hard to do. "It's not my fault RG3 sucked this year. Shanahan broke him. I hope they fire that prick," Emmett told Jake. Yeah, like taking a flyer on a player who blew out his knee and wasn't named Adrian Peterson wasn't a stupid move? Though I agreed on Shanny, he had to go. I'd ridden RG3 to my championship last year and was pissed that he'd fucked up that knee in a game he'd had no business playing in. "How am I supposed to win without Romo?" Ben moaned as James held his hands over his head in triumph. "Isn't that the opposite of what Dallas fans usually say every December? Team Fire Crotch for the win!" James did a victory dance around Ben as he signaled his touchdown. "Hey, Dalton may throw five picks today, you don't know." "Keep hoping, Benjy. The Ravens D can't save you now." I tuned it all out and studied the projections again on my app. Of course that shit was all wrong as usual. Peterson wasn't going to get 24 points on my bench. Those assholes wouldn't use him. Patterson was in, though. Never knew when he might break a big TD on a kick return. I was gambling a bit but it had to be done. TY Hilton had been fairly useless most of the year. Fucking Luck. Who were those receivers he was throwing to anyway? J sat next to me and laughed as he saw me switch out my kicker for the fourth time. "Haven't you tinkered enough?" "Never. Where's the asshole I'm about to crush?" J shook his head. "Getting a ride with Alice. They'll be here any moment." I raised a brow at the mention of J's girlfriend. "What's she coming for?" Ali was cool but she wasn't into football, especially fantasy football. She tolerated his obsession but that didn't mean she wanted to be around on Sundays. "Moral support, I guess. They're friends." "She's friends with the enemy?" I have to admit, I was a bit wounded. Ali and I had been friends even before she and J hooked up in high school. She should be rooting for me. "Yeah well…" the room fell silent all of a sudden and Jasper chuckled. "You'll see." I looked up to see what had everybody so quiet and that's when I saw her . Long, wavy brown hair, big brown eyes, a cute button nose, a bright, confident smile and a killer body that was poured into tight jeans and a form fitting Peyton Manning Broncos jersey. "No fucking way," I murmured as Jasper snickered next to me. "Oh yeah." He stood and gave Ali a quick kiss before slipping an arm around the beautiful girl's shoulders. "Everyone, this is Bella Swan, known to you as Team Swan Song. Bella, this is the gang." I sat there,