A/N Hi there! Here I am again with another story, something I just couldn't get out of my head. From the first time I heard it, "E.T." by Katy Perry screamed Edward and Bella to me. I love the song and I loved the image I had of the two of them to go with it, so I sought to put it on paper. This is different for me. Third person, not really humorous, but it's exactly as I saw it. I hope you enjoy! Fill Me with Your Poison "I really don't think this is a good idea, you guys." Isabella Swan stared at herself in the mirror. She looked good in the dark blue mini-dress, her hair curling down past her shoulders. Her brown eyes popped, due to the smoky black liner she wore. Makeup wasn't really her thing, but Jessica and Lauren had insisted that she put some effort forth tonight. "It's a great idea! Do you want to spend your entire life in Forks? Live a little, Bella!" Lauren chastised her as she put the finishing touches on her own makeup. Her blonde hair was pulled back in an elegant French braid, and the dress she wore was practically painted on her body, siren red, just like her lipstick. Bella snorted. "Live? Aren't we talking about the opposite?" Jessica sighed, exasperated with her friend's attitude. "First of all, you don't have to become a vampire just because you're going to a vampire club. You know the rules." Bella did know the rules. When the vampires had first revealed themselves-on live television no less-there'd been panic. The world changed overnight. Plots to destroy the vampires spouted up, were tried, and failed spectacularly. When it became clear that the world was fighting a losing battle, leaders of the nations met with the leader of the vampires, Aro, and had come to an agreement that both sides could deal with. The vampires wished to live a life in public, without the façade they'd been forced to endure for centuries. The humans wanted to live without fear of a vampire attack at any given moment, so deals were debated and eventually struck. Vampires were given permission to kill the infirm and the dying-only with their consent, of course. Hospitals, hospices, and ALFs all had agreements with local vampires for services to ease the pain and suffering of patients. People signed up in droves to have their lives ended by the vampires, instead of waiting to die. Of course, there were doubters and protesters, but there wasn't a lot they could do when their opponent was indestructible. Tanks, bombs, and bullets all failed to kill them. Bella's father loathed the vampires, and she knew he'd kill her himself if he knew what she was about to do. Eventually, it wasn't only the old and dying that were lining up for the vampires' services. The young, the rich, and the famous eventually realized that they could be young, rich, and beautiful forever if only they could be vampires, too. They were already doing everything they could to preserve their youth in places like Hollywood. What was botox, if not venom? Governments were petitioned, more meetings were convened, and more rules were established. Vampires were given specific places where they could set up vampire clubs, places where those that were willing could go and be changed into vampires. Contracts had to be signed, witnessed by both a human and a vampire consort. The vampire doing the changing was responsible for his protégé for a year's time, during which he had to train the new vampire and make them ready for their new existence. If that vampire killed an unwilling human, the new vampire and the old would be held responsible by the Italian vampires. Not everyone entering a club was going to become a vampire. They were a very selective group, for one thing, and for another, many humans were no longer willing to be changed once they got in the club and met an actual vampire. But the clubs served their purpose, and biting wasn't the only thing that went on there. There was plenty of vampire/human sex as well as feeding without changing. Bella had seen more than one girl wearing a mark on her neck like a badge of honor. "What if they don't follow the rules?" "Then they'll lose their license and access to easy food and sex," Jessica replied, smoothing down her short black skirt and hitching up her breasts in the sparkling black halter top she wore. "But my father…" "Your father is in Forks, waiting for you to come home so he can push you into Jacob's arms. Do you really want to live on the reservation and pop out a billion little kids?" Bella sighed and toyed with curl that wasn't cooperating. "Of course I don't want that." Her father was convinced that Bella needed to leave Seattle. Too many bad things happened in Seattle. There was too much violence, too many people, and most importantly too many vampires. Seattle was home to one of the exclusive vampire clubs, Venom, and that was where Bella and her friends were going tonight. Charlie Swan would have a fit if he knew. Forks was a pleasant little town, with not a lot of action. Getting out of it had been Bella's main goal during high school, and she'd worked hard to get accepted to school at UW. Next year, she'd graduate with her Journalism degree, and then, well, she didn't really know. Her life, once so regimented and planned, was a big blank slate. She knew what she didn't want. She didn't want Forks and Jacob and Jacob's babies, no matter what he or her father said. Isabella wanted to live. But could you really live by dying? That was something she just couldn't answer. "Come on, Bella, what do you have to lose?" Lauren watched her closely. Bella opened her mouth, but no answer came out, and Lauren smiled triumphantly. "Exactly! Let's go!" Bella looked at herself once more in the mirror and gave herself a mental pep talk. It was only one night. What did she have to lose? Her life, maybe, but there wasn't much of a life to speak of. Maybe she'd find one, instead. She stood and followed her friends out into the Seattle night. Xoxoxoxox Edward Cullen was bored. He sat on the second floor of his club, looking down at the gyrating bodies below, their forms lit by the flashing neon lights-not that he needed them to see. He was a vampire and could see even the most minute flaw from where he perched. He saw a loose thread on one man's shirt; he noticed that the girl in the green tank top had a smaller right breast than left, and that her friend had a pimple forming on her forehead. "See anything you like?" Edward didn't turn to address the vampire behind him, for he knew who it was before he spoke. His brother smelled like the desert to him. "No, Jas, I don't," Edward replied, his voice indicating his irritation. "What about you?" Jasper leaned over the railing and took everyone in. "That brunette in the pink dress looks tempting." Edward glanced at her and shrugged. She wasn't tempting to him, but his brother was less discriminating in his tastes. Then again, his brother wasn't troubled with her vapid thoughts, either. She wanted to be pretty forever. Edward rolled his eyes. Like being a vampire was all about being attractive for eternity? What happened to wanting to be somebody in this world, do good things, or even bad? He didn't really give a damn, but some ambition beyond being pretty was required. "If you pick her, don't change her," he warned his brother. Jasper laughed, shaking back his blond hair. "I won't be changing anyone for another two months. Not until I can get rid of Maria." Edward smirked, and Jasper scowled. Yes, Edward had warned his brother, but he hadn't listened. He'd loved her hot Latin temper, their hot sex and her gorgeous body. He hadn't expected her to turn on him the instant she woke up after the change. He'd endured more than one painful reattachment of valued body parts due to her fiery temper. "I won't say it," Edward told him, but his tone said it all. I told you so. "Yeah, well, that doesn't mean that I won't be fucking the shit out of some hot pussy tonight. I'll deal with Maria when I go home." Edward laughed and shook his head. He'd not changed a human since the vampires went public a couple of years ago. He'd changed several in the chambers at Volterra, though-practice for when they revealed themselves to the human population. The idea had been Edward's, and though Aro had balked at first, he'd come around to it after some thought and discussion with his brothers. Edward, fortunately, hadn't had to assume possession of his creations. Aro had them destroyed right after they transformed, as they were just test subjects. "Who's ready to party?" Edward nodded his head at Emmett, his other brother by venom. The tall, giant of a man was built like a linebacker, but had the enthusiasm of a five year old. "Somebody's enjoying their freedom," Edward observed dryly. "Damn right! Jane's on her way to Volterra, and I can now live my life without fear of pissing her off and getting the shit zapped out of me at the drop of a hat." Emmett had changed Jane just over a year ago, liking her spitfire attitude and her compact, sexy body. However, like Edward, Jane had a latent talent that didn't show up until she became a vampire. She had the ability to transmit pain with her mind, and it felt much like getting hit with one of those taser guns. Tasers didn't work on vampires, but Jane did. And anytime Emmett had pissed her off, she'd fried him good. He'd had to endure it since he'd signed the contract, but as soon as his year was up, Emmett had sent her to Aro, who would make good use of her talent. His brother's choices had left Edward grateful for the fact that he'd yet to take responsibility for a newborn vampire, though at times he was lonely. He could get laid any minute of the day, but it wasn't the same as spending time with someone, teaching them the intricacies of being a vampire and just enjoying one another, both in and out of bed. "Well, well, what do we have here?" Emmett leaned forward, his muscles bulging against his black polo shirt as he gripped the railing, his red eyes focusing on the entrance to the club. Edward followed his gaze and noted three girls coming in, the girl in front was a blonde with a killer body, and the brunette next to her wasn't bad looking, either. Jasper licked his lips. The third girl was shorter and slightly behind them, yet to be revealed. "Blondie's mine," Emmett declared, immediately vaulting over the railing and landing on a table down below. There were several gasps and shrieks at his behavior from the humans who'd yet to see a vampire in action. "Well, brother dear, what say you?" Jasper asked, his eyes on the brunette with the frizzy hair. "Have at it," Edward told him. He wasn't overly impressed, and both girls were thinking the usual thoughts. I want to live forever. I look super hot. Imagine having this body for all of eternity, with a hot vampire boyfriend at my side. Blah, blah, etc. What am I doing here? Is that a vampire? The guy at the door was, I'm sure of it. This was a bad idea. I'm not going to find whatever's missing at a vampire club, for God's sakes. Edward tilted his head. That was different. He watched as his brother's