Hi fanfiction people! I know I should be updating my other stuff, but I wanted to write a beautiful percabeth AU (original I know), so here you go. I don't own PJO or HoO. Before we met, I was a static character but then you started my path to be a dynamic one. A shrill, annoying noise filled the air, the alarm on my flip phone. I opened my eyes to see that I spent the night at Thalia and Luke's place, more specifically on their old black couch. I grabbed the phone off the coffee table and turned off the noise, I'll find out if I hit snooze in five minutes. I yawn and wipe the sleep out of my eyes then carefully fold the blanket at my legs. An over six foot blond sophomore and his dwarf Latino companion in the same grade walk past me to the kitchen. I can smell coffee and toast, the most basic breakfast known to American man kind. I get up, phone in hand, and head over to the kitchen. It's small, with no washing machine, half the cabinet doors broken, and a five person round table with garage sale chairs taking up too much space, but it works. I take my grey fold up seat next to the blond superman and across from the elf of ADHD. My backpack is still on Thalia's blue fold up with papers going every which way. I sigh and take everything out to reorganize. An English novel and work sheet dealing with another one of Shakespeare's plays, which is it's own level of difficult with dyslexia, for AP English language. My honors Calculus book and workbook, only Mrs. Dodds would give homework for both on the same day. My finished AP physics lab report and my architecture project, done and due tomorrow. Once that and all my other supplies are neatly packed, I grab the last piece of toast the boys are fighting over. "Jason, you've had three and I had two, the last one is rightfully mine!" "I'm a growing boy Leo!" "Well, I need to grow more than you, so it's mine!" "Well, I'm growing now so it's mine!" I smirk and shake my head at their antics. I cough and wave a little piece of crust in the air, all that's left of the toast. Both of them look rather offended. "I'm sorry guys, but you realize Thalia left six so there would be two for everyone? Also, there's no more bread because she made the ends." Jason sighed. "Sorry Annabeth, we thought you made it back to your house last night." I turned to Leo who nodded in agreement. "Yeah, sorry but can't you bring food from la casa de Fredrick Chase?" Jason elbowed him. "You know why she can't do that Leo." "I know it's just a thought that maybe he will at least talk to you then." I sighed. "Or call the cops and say I stole from the neighbors, broke in somewhere, or did something illegal. With my childhood record and how messed up the police departments are, I'll end up in juive again or in jail." They both groan in annoyance. You see, Jason is Thalia's younger brother who she adopted right after her eighteenth birthday. He'd been in foster care and houses since the tender age of five before reaching Thalia at age twelve. Luckily, he wasn't abused in any type of manner while in the system. Although, he did end up in this cult for twelve months and left with a tattoo with an eagle, twelve lines, and SPQR on his arm. Leo, on the other hand, got in the system after his mom died in a fire started by a runaway criminal woman, known as Gaea, with Leo himself barely surviving. His aunt wouldn't take him in, which is strange because she's the Hispanic version of the Duggers, so he bounced from home to home until he ended up in one with Jason. The two became best friends and were glued at the hip for 16 months until Thalia finally found Jason. Jason refused to go with Thalia, even though he really wanted to, unless she agreed to adopt Leo as well. Technically, Thalia and Luke were recently married and probably didn't meet the income needed to get Jason, but someone inside pulled some strings and Leo was adopted too, keeping his last name in honor of his mom and Jason keeping his. Sadly, Leo was abused by one of his foster moms, Teresa, so it took him awhile to adjust to Thalia, since Luke was a truck driver at the time and almost never around. I view both boys as little brothers and my responsibility to take care of them ever since Thalia became a second grade teacher a year ago and Luke now being a Fed Ex driver, he says it pays a little better and he gets to see all us more. I have my own half brothers, but Helen forbids me to even touch them so they grew up without my guidance, even if some of that's my own fault. On the flip side, Jason and Leo are both overly protective of me and don't want anything bad happening to me. It's sweet of them, but we go to different high schools since I technically live in another district, so they can't do all that much. "Seriously you two, it's not that bad and we all need to go to school." Leo plants his head on the table. "Can't we just ditch?" Jason flicks the top of his head. "No we can't, we have three tests and a quiz today." "Exactly." I sigh. "I'll help you with your homework if we leave in the next three minutes." They took off like rockets, works every single time. I pour myself a cup of black coffee and down it in three large chugs. I pick up my backpack and walk out of the apartment to the lobby. They both appear a minute later. I smile. "Not bad, but the record of 90 seconds last year for summer homework stills stands." Leo snorts and hands everyone a toothbrush, Dixie cup with water, and squirts the paste on each. It may seem a little weird to carry that, but Jason has to carry the combs and brush while I carry my own two sets of clothes for myself, old habits die hard. Once I finish, I throw my cup out and take my brush from Jason and quickly do my hair in a ponytail. Since it's early fall, I take off my shirt, don't worry I have a Cami underneath so I don't flash anybody, and pull on one of my back-up shirts, the orange one with a black Pegasus on the front. I get a few whistles and the senders get blue lasers from Jason and brown ones from Leo. I give them a grateful smile and ruffle straight blond and curly brown hair. I ruffle Leo's a little too much. "Leo, my hand in stuck in your hair again." "Well chica, let me comb it first next time." "A little help, Jase?" Jason chuckles and helps pull my hand out as we reach the subway station. It's as busy as ever during morning rush hour, no big surprise there. We show our passes and rush to get on the incoming train. I always love this part of the morning as I dodge the people and play a bad game of tag with the boys and almost miss the train. It sucks when we miss it or all of us don't make it on the same one. Thankfully, today isn't one of those days. Although, there were only two seats left, so I let Jason and Leo sit there to do their work. Jason tapped my arm. "Who wrote the "Letters from a Farmer"? "John Dickinson." Leo tapped next. "What's the square root of 169?" I give him a look. "I left my calculator at school and you know I have math first." "13." It continued like this for about ten minutes until the closest stop to my school was approaching. I sigh and look at the boys. "I'm getting off in a minute, any last minute questions?" Leo raised his hand for a few seconds, then Jason raised his. "Yes, Jason, what is your question?" "No fair!" "Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?" "That was my question Sparky!" I shake my head. "For the love of pizza, we watched National Treasure last night! It was signed in Independence Hall in Philly." The intercom came on and said all off for my stop. I smile bye while Leo salutes and Jason waves. Once I get off the train, I book it to street level and jog three blocks to school. It doesn't take all that long since I'm a natural runner and on cross country, it's a shame the season's almost over. I would take spring track, but Fredrick only lets me do one sport, says it's less expensive. I see Goode High School as I turn the final bend. The parking lot is packed full of cars and teenagers mulling around and gossiping about who did what and where. I roll my eyes, the day I start caring about random crap people do is the day Leo stops speaking in Spanish. I spot my one true and only friend in this prison sitting on a bench and waving me over. I smile and dash over to her side. Her name is Calypso and she loves gardening and mechanics, a weird combo but it works like frosties and french fries. She's wearing jeans and a white tee with a lavender jacket on top. Her caramel hair is in it's weird side thing with a head band and almond shaped eyes without make up, another thing we have in common besides daddy issues and being smart. I plop down beside her on the bench. "What's up Callie?" She sighs. "My dad wants to meet Leo, but I know he just wants to scare him away." Ah yes, Callie and Leo have been dating in secret for about a year now and her dad flipped when he found out. Atlas Titan has the opposite problem of my dad, he cares far too much and takes on a whole new level of a hover parent. We both know he only wants what's best for her, but Calypso thinks he wants to control her life so nothing can hurt her, a very unrealistic goal. I put a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Hey, Leo may be small but he can survive your dad. The only reason he's doing this is to make sure Leo's a good guy." "I know, but he has this mind set that no one's good enough for me and it's going to crush some of Leo's confidence." "You'll build it back up after." The 15 minute warning bell rings from inside the prison. Thank goodness Callie's in everything with me except my gym and architecture, or thank Luke and Leo who hatched into the school scheduling system to make sure we weren't unhappy loners. The bad thing is, I have gym first. We both sigh and start the trek into the building, which is designed after an actual prison and is one of the blandest buildings in all of New York. Seriously, everything is blue and grey which have almost turned into the same color after years of no extra coatings of paint and fading. The lockers are all this cool grey color, but they were bright blue about twenty years ago, and line almost every hall. There are three floors total and each hold certain classes. First floor is half underground and has any subject dealing with computers, art, and history. Second floor contains the gym, theater, pool, math, and anything with music. The third floor is all the English, science,