Doctor Baggins "Rain, rain, go away, come again another day..." Twenty three year old Frodo Baggins sang to himself as he sat in the parlor reading on the old couch, watching drops seemingly as large as his head splash against the window. Bilbo had gone to the market a good hour and a half before the storm, and Frodo waited anxiously for his return. He knew his Uncle would be a right sodden mess when he got back, not at all a comfortable position for any hobbit. A violent sneeze caught him off guard as he turned back to his book, and he immediately hopped off the couch, finding Bilbo slodging up the path to Bag End. The hill had turned to mud with the constant stream of water, and his Uncle slipped, tumbling into a great puddle. A string of curses followed, and Frodo cried out with alarm, immediately opening the door. "Are you hurt?" He called as thunder crashed high above, a flash of lightening searing the thick gray clouds. "I'm all right...blast!" he looked at the items sprawled on the ground, and sighed heavily. "Oh Uncle, let me help you," Frodo begged, rushing out and helping to gather the items from the ground, glad they weren't ruined, only a little dirty. That of course, could be mended with a good washing. Bilbo attempted to respond but only sneezed again, following his nephew into the warmth of the smial. He stood dripping and shivering miserably, and after dropping the basket of purchases, ran to fetch a couple of warm dry towels from the indoor privy. He heard Bilbo sneeze again, cursing in Elvish, and brought the towels into the parlor. "Thank you, lad," Bilbo whispered, as Frodo wrapped him up tight. "Dear me, I knew this dreadful cold I've been fighting all week would..." he paused, and Frodo winced when another sneeze erupted, along with a series of coughs. "Rear it's ugly head in such nasty weather." Frodo knew his Uncle had been getting sick, for he was unusually cranky this week, and complained of a sore throat, especially in the late evening. "I should have gone to the market, Uncle, not you," Frodo said with a cluck of his tongue. "Nonsense," Bilbo replied hoarsley. "I'll just have a nice warm bath and some tea...that ought to help." Frodo nodded, insisting he put on the pot, and Bilbo vanished into the privy with another great sneeze. Frodo shook his head...his Uncle never used to get so ill before. He supposed it was because Bilbo had lived along for years, not exposed to illness on a regular basis. Frodo himself had been sick often himself during the winter, and Bilbo always sat with him until he recovered. Now, Frodo thought, he would finally have a chance to return the favor. He eventually finished heating the water, and made chamomile tea for his Uncle, who lay resting under the covers in his pajamas when he entered the master bedroom. "Are you comfortable?" Frodo asked, handing the steaming mug to the elder hobbit, who thanked his nephew gratefully. "Have you plenty of fresh handkerchiefs, or do I need to find more?" Frodo opened the drawer to the oak nightstand, and pulled out a stack, setting it at his Uncle's side. "I'll be fine, lad. It's just a cold, after all. Mind you, keep yourself busy, so I can rest, will you please?" Frodo leaned over to plant a kiss on his Uncle's forehead, which felt a bit on the warm side. "I'll take care of everything, Bilbo. Don't you fret." Bilbo smiled, sipping the tea, and this soon gave way to more coughing. Frodo backed out of the room quietly, knowing how important peace and quiet was to any ill hobbit. He surveyed the kitchen, cleaned up from second breakfast, and knew it had already passed elevenses. He pawed through the basket, and found cough syrup, willow bark tea, along with fresh meat, bread, vegetables, and fruit for the remainder of that day's meals. Clearly Bilbo hadn't expected to be laid up. Frodo began to unpack, setting things to rights, and then noticed the enormous load of dirty laundry in the bakset. Bilbo always did his laundry on Sundays, after his trip to the market, and thankfully taught Frodo how to do it as well just in case. Frodo quickly brought the medicines to Bilbo's room before he got started on any of the chores, and was glad to find Bilbo sound asleep. The elder hobbit muttered something under his breath, reaching absentmindedly towards the pocket of his night shirt. "Uncle?" Frodo approached the bed. "Uncle Bilbo?" he spoke a bit more loudly, wanting to get his guardian's attention. Bilbo opened his eyes, and found Frodo staring at him. "Is everything all right, lad?" he asked, wincing, and began to cough. "Yes...I just brought your medicine for you to take before you get too comfortable." Bilbo smiled weakly as Frodo opened the bottle of syrup, trying not to gag at the bitter sweet smell protruding from it. He knew all too well medicines tasted awful, but they did help nonetheless. "I'm sorry, Frodo-lad," Bilbo whispered after he took the medicine that Frodo gave to him. "For what, Uncle?" Frodo asked, capping the bottle, glad Bilbo didn't put up much fuss. "For being such a burden today. I know you had a date to play with young Samwise later on." Frodo took his Uncle's hand, which felt awfully cold, and quickly rubbed it to bring what warmth he could. "Don't you worry about that, Uncle Bilbo," Frodo replied. "I'll let Sam know what happened, and I'm sure he'll understand. You come first, after all. I won't go anywhere until you're well." Bilbo nodded. "I don't know what I'd do without you," he replied, reaching for a handkerchief. "Thank you, my lad." Frodo smiled. "I'm going to let Sam know about the change in plans, and them I'll make some nice broth for luncheon. How does that sound?" Bilbo nodded, though his face soon crinkled, and he sneezed. "If you start to feel any worse, Uncle, let me know, and I'll send for the healer," Frodo said, and Bilbo waved him off, with a honk from his handkerchief. Frodo grabbed his cloak and an umbrella from the container in the hall, making his way towards number three Bagshot Row. He was grateful for the attentions of Hamfast Gamgee and his wife, Bel, who treated the Buckland lad with uncommon kindness. Bel in particular acted as though Frodo were part of her own large brood, not at all afraid to spoil him when he came to visit. Much to Frodo's relief the rain had slowed to a steady drizzle, but it was still quite chilly in general. He knocked on the Gamgee's bright yellow door, and was greeted by Bel herself. "Why young Master Frodo, my Sam has been expecting you! I almost had to stop 'im from charging up the lane. Come in, come in, my dear." Frodo felt awful as he entered the smaller hobbit hole, to find Daisy and May working on their needlepoint and young Marigold painting. The girls looked up at once at the sound of Frodo's voice, and Daisy's cheeks turned a bright shade of crimson. Ever since Bilbo brought Frodo to live with him, she'd had a dreadful crush, though did not dare let anyone know. She would be humiliated for certain. "I can't stay long, Mrs. Gamgee," Frodo admitted, just as Sam came hurrying down the hall from the kitchen, as fast as his little furry feet could carry him. "Mr. Frodo, I've been waitin' for you all morning, sir!" He beamed. "I didn't 'spect you till after luncheon!" Frodo felt awful at the idea of breaking his plans, knowing how much it would disappoint the younger hobbit, but he simply wouldn't have any fun if he worried about Bilbo the whole time. "Mind yer manners, Samwise," Bel scolded, and Frodo chuckled. "He's all right," he insisted, much to little Sam's relief. "Only, I'm dreadfully sorry, Sam, but I'm afraid I can't play today after all. My Uncle has a bad cold, so I came by to tell you I'll have to post pone our adventures for another day." Sam looked disappointed in deed, but this was immediately replaced with worry. "Mr. Bilbo's sick?" Frodo nodded his head. "He's been coming down with a cold all week, and got caught in the rain on the way home from the market, which did him in." He fiddled with the edge of his green cloak, and Bel arched an eyebrow. "I'd better be getting back...he'll need me." Frodo turned to leave, but Bel took hold of the tweenager's shoulder. "Do ye need any help, lad? I know ye don't have much experience with nursin'. If I know Mr. Bilbo, he'll be tellin' you not to be bothered, but he needs proper lookin' after or he'll get right worse." Frodo wet his lips, and shook his head. "I'll manage, Mrs. Gamgee. After all, didn't you tell my Uncle once that nursing is mostly all about common sense?" Bel laughed heartily. "Eavesdropping's no good, lad, no good at all," she scolded. "It'll get you into trouble if yer not careful." Frodo shuffled his feet on the ground, and nodded. "I'll manage, Mrs. Gamgee." Bel looked doubtful at the young hobbit before her, but knew better than to argue with her betters. After all, Mr. Frodo would one day be the owner of Bag-End, and she had to treat him as such. "All right, then. If you need anything, don't hesitate to call. I'll be over quick as a shot, you can be sure of that." Frodo nodded, apologizing once more to Sam for the inconvenience, but Sam didn't seem to be too disarmed. "Tell Mr. Bilbo I hope he feels better soon, sir!" he called, waving, and Frodo waved back on his way down the hill. When he entered Bag-End again, Frodo began a list of chores, using Bilbo's parchment notes as a guide. He washed the laundry in a separate large bin with warm water, dragging a hand across his forehead once he'd finished the first load. He could hear Bilbo coughing from his bedroom, and before he hung the clothes outside to dry (the storm had finally passed, and the sunshine was beginning to peep through the gray clouds), he went to check on his Uncle. Bilbo lay asleep, much to his relief, only occasionally muttering to himself. "Poor Bilbo," Frodo whispered. This was the first true cold he'd seen his Uncle suffer since his arrival to Bag-End, and he partially blamed himself for the matter. He was always ill, it seemed, and the one time he felt all right Bilbo was down. "It can't be helped," Frodo mumbled, and struggled to carry the heavy load of wet clothes outdoors. Oh, the air smelled wonderful, so clean and sweet. He adored being outdoors following a rainstorm, especially in Spring and Summer. He collected some fresh flowers for the kitchen and dining room tables, as well as for Bilbo's study, just in time to see Bel Gamgee coming up the walk. "Oh!" Frodo clutched his finds to his chest, startled, and Bel carried a bag in her hands. "I did not mean to startle you, Mr. Frodo, but I thought I'd come and assist with your Uncle. Now don't give me that face, lad, you're only a tweenager, and should not have to trouble yourself with such worrits!" "I assure you, Mrs. Gamgee, all is..." Frodo tried to protest, but Bel had already entered the smial. "Oh dear," he sighed, and brought the boquets inside. He set everything up in their respected vases, and found Bel in the master bedroom, unpacking her carpet satchel. "You really don't haver to do this, Mrs. Gamgee," Frodo said, just as Bilbo opened his eyes, alarmed to find Bel sitting in his old