This is my Age of Edward entry. It's a Judges Choice Winner, which is super exciting and unexpected! :) I hope you enjoy. I'd like to mention Hadley Hemingway, Astro2009 and SunFlowerFran3759 who were vital in helping me make some sense of this. Hadley - is a secret creative genius, who just gives (girl I await your fics), Astro2009 (best eye for detail and super cheerleader) and SunFlowerFran3759 (puts up with me even when I'm last minute Mo) Thank you. You are all amazing! Story Summary: Damned forever. Doomed for eternity. Condemned to walk alone. Every generation is spent searching for my love but no matter what happens, I don't save her - I can't. That is my curse. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Memento Mori I have walked this earth for centuries. Years fly past like an avalanche of fire and ice. One moment is safe and then, in a blink of an eye, the future is a brutal torrent forcing you on your knees. Even the most palpable of memories disintegrate over time and the scars burn less for all but one – my memories of her. Pain that shatters the heart, betrayal that makes the soul burn. Grief that is more distinct than a lightning bolt to the skull. Civilizations have collapsed as I've stood amongst them. Young life has withered before my very eyes, and I've buried those I've loved with my own hands. I've seen the best and worst of humanity and I've wondered if it is worth all of that, to be this wise. Everything changes, but only one thing remains constant: my love for that one girl. The reason why I walk, my soulmate – Bella. She comes in many names and forms, but Bella … somehow sticks. When I first laid my eyes on her, she had no name. Back then, immortals ruled freely and vampires dominated most of society. We lived in an enchanted world where most of our antics were fair game. Blood, greed and chaos governed but there were indisputable laws to be followed. Laws which, if broken, had dire consequences. Laws about lovers and mates … and humans. I was unsuspecting when she came to me. It was a sudden change in loyalty but, little did they know, I had no choice. It was her . I abandoned my own mate, one of the most powerful faeries in the land, for a mere human of no significance, of no importance, who could be killed on a whim. I was a traitor. Cursed from primeval magic by my enraged faerie, I was damned forever, doomed for eternity. Condemned to walk alone in search of my love for generations to come, only to watch her die viciously in front of me as I stand by. It's a cycle that cannot be broken. No matter what happens, I don't save her. I can't. That is my curse. ~~~~~~X~~~~~~ 1982 I hate the eighties. The socio-political evolution of the sixties was just barely matched by Led Zeppelin and the shenanigans of pot-indulgent hippies then … bam! Hello perms, punks and pink roller skates. There's no denying that this decade is not one made for Edward Cullen. Shell suits are a no. Jeans too tight around the crotch are a another no-no. Spandex? Well, that one speaks for itself. I smirk, fingering the cassette stack at Brandon's Record Shed . The eighties apparently have made me into a whiney, PMSing woman too. I've got wild staring eyes. And I've got a strong urge to fly. But I got nowhere to fly to. Familiar lyrics ricochet through the tiny speakers next to a kooky, brunette store clerk. She wiggles her behind completely out of beat, her pink hoop earrings swaying as she dusts the shelf of workout videos with a lemon yellow duster that matches her leg warmers. My denim jacket hangs over my right shoulder as I scan for music in the quirky, independent store. Bathed in vivid afternoon sunlight streaming through the large windows, I browse lazily. The sun doesn't warm my kind up but still, I appreciate it. Nature allows me to relish moments like this, moments that make me feel almost human. I turn my head so the sun strokes both sides of my face and start to thumb through the vinyl, concentrating on classical. Mozart, Bach or Giuliani. I've even had the pleasure of seeing many of the 'greats' perform, but I like to buy their music years apart just for the covers, pretending that it's my first buy. After all, there's nothing quite like a first time. I bend down, blow the dust off the last record and pull it out – Franz Danzi, Symphonie Concertante . That's when I see her. She's standing in the next aisle opposite me, two steps to my left in front of a sultry poster of Madonna, flicking through the vinyl in the pop section. In a shock of awareness, it all makes sense. Why I've been coming back to this record store so often, even though I've lived in San Francisco for two years and never paid one iota of attention to it before. It's not for the music or the sun or the store clerk who talks too much and tries to set me up with her single friends. It's for this moment ... for her. She looks no older than eighteen this time. Her hair is dark blonde, untamed, and natural waves curl in loose spirals down her back, falling into designed mayhem beneath her shoulder blades. She wears a Skids t-shirt under her denim jacket and high waisted jean shorts, frayed at the ends. Curvier than when I last saw her, my eyes automatically inch toward the area where her perfectly rounded hips curve outward from her waist. I can't help but think Bella has caught the eighties with ease. Hell, this wretched decade has suddenly gotten so much better. The vinyl in my fingers long forgotten, I watch with curiosity as she speedily flicks through the records in front of her with the same hand that she holds a Coca Cola can. A light blue walkman peeks out of the pocket of her jacket, and her head bops to some song resounding through her purple headphones. Abruptly, she's in front of me. She picks up the dusty vinyl that I just put down, moves it out of the way, and starts to flip through the rest of them, humming to herself. It's like slow motion. There are a dozen sun-kissed freckles on her nose. She smells of strawberry butter. Perhaps not as classically elegant as the Bella before her, but this Bella has a charged vivacity about her and like a sparking current, I can feel her energy. Her eyes snap up and her light pink-colored lips curve up as she mouths lyrics to the tune that has her attention. Those eyes. She changes over the years – sometimes a little, sometimes a lot – but her eyes do not. Always the most vivid moss green, her iris dotted with muted grey and a brilliant purple that I've only seen in Bella's eyes. If I had a working heart, it would be thumping too hard but, instead, my body simply thrums, just like it does every time. Every single cell on alert, the hair on my arms prickling and standing to attention like tiny soldiers. She looks back down and I try to get a mental hold on myself. This proximity is sending every sense of mine into the red zone. I drop the vinyl back into its place right next to her hand. I stare. Even her hand is a thing of intrigue. Soft and small, her nails chipped with blue. She likes to bite her finger nails. Casually I walk to the aisle behind, the home video section, and watch discreetly. She's completely unaware of the world around her as she scans the racks, now tapping her feet to the song and I tune in. I grin. Girls Just Wanna Have Fun . From five minutes of observation, I already know how apt her choice of music is. I want to talk to her, I should talk to her … but my brain can't formulate a rational way to begin . Hello, I'm Edward. Too obvious. Have I seen you before? Too smarmy. A brush against her elbow and a comment about the vinyl in her hand. No. No, that just won't work. Bella, it's me from all those times we've met before… I shake my head in frustration. What is wrong with me? Not like you haven't done this before, Edward. With the same girl, no less. I sigh. But it's different. Every single time is different. "Excuse me, can you pass me the 'The Number of the Beast?'" someone faceless asks, pointing to a line of records behind me. "Sure." I pull out the Iron Maiden record and pass it to her. When I turn back, Bella is gone. Gone. I jog to the spot she was standing a minute ago and stare, like somehow, Hades might have snatched her away from beneath. My senses are vigilant, on alert, as I rotate on the spot. I scan the multi-colored rows of cassettes and vinyl, labelled with neon orange stickers. My hearing zeroes in from person to person across the room, faster and still faster. There are snippets of conversation, the static hum of music and laughter - but I can't locate her. In the next aisle, a man with back-combed hair wearing a red bomber jacket intently reads the back of a Black Sabbath cassette. I quicken my pace. Where is she? I rush past the dancing store clerk and the cash register overflowing with E.T. keychains, half wondering if I should call out her name and fighting the stinging urge to run at super-speed. I can't lose her now – Skidding through the work-out video section, I swing too fast around the corner, and – -Whoa. "Oh shit! Dude! Shit! Don't people look where they're going anymore?" Well, no. As always, I chase her like a blind man. I take a step back from the soft body I slammed into. She's glowering in front of me with her purple headphones around her neck. Her blonde eyebrows are furrowed and a delicate rouge spreads like spilled wine across her cheeks. I don't feel apologetic, I simply feel … relief. I found her. I found her. Bella throws me an odd look at the elated expression on my face. I try to tone down the evident beam to a more sordid smile, but she's not paying much attention. Instead, she's staring at the Coca Cola can in my hand with a look of surprise. "My drink…" Her eyes fly up to my face in shock because there's no way any human would have caught that can. Still my response was delayed. The can flew toward me and flipped upward, spraying me before I caught it. It's just like Bella to send my heightened vampire senses berserk and into the dark, damned hole. "I'm sorry," I say, holding the can in front of her in apology. She opens her mouth then snaps it closed, her eyes narrowing on the spots on my shirt. "It's all over your t-shirt." She reaches for a tissue from her purse. "Here, let me." She moves toward me and I take a step back. "I got it …" I say hurriedly, not entirely sure if I'm ready for her to touch me, even if it is through a shirt. Sometimes our connection is potent, unequivocally forceful, yet, at other times, a gentle buzz that can barely be recognized. Either way, I can't take the chance just yet. "Oh, er, okay. I have a tissue." She holds the kleenex toward me a little awkwardly, and I take it from