Chapter 1: Background "So where are we going?" I asked my dad taking a sip of orange juice from my glass. My dad was sitting on the sofa reading his daily newspaper. By the look of his face I can tell that wherever we are going is not a good place but then again my pa won't take us to any bad place. I waited impatiently for his answer but he kept avoiding my gaze. After about an eternity (1 minute) he spoke "um... We are going to ..." he stopped again as he was about to say the name of the place. Okay I had enough. "Come on papa are you not going to tell me where we are going. You should consider yourself lucky that I agreed on moving from here" Yeah well that was true. I still don't know why dad wants to move from here. He won't tell me about it just said that its time for a start over. I knew deep down myself that he was moving for me. I won't say that my life was the best. But we can't expect that everything would always be good. My mother always used to say this to me "things will work out in the end… but you never know when the end is." I remember each and every word she had said to me. That's the only memory of her which I can never forget, her lessons on life for me. If it wasn't for her I wouldn't be the person I m right now. I've gone through a lot in my life, maybe a lot for a child to bear. But that's the other thing about me, I m not weak as other girls of my age, I m a strong and independent girl. I literally don't take shit from anyone. That's totally against my rule. I missed her so much. Even after 5 years of her death I still can't forget her. Tears started to weld up in my eyes. No, I have to put myself together, for now. "Well kiddo I decided that we are going to lapush " dad said the name of the place in a hurry. I can't get what he was saying. "Pardon me. I didn't get you." I said and started to finish my orange "I said that we are going to La Push." He said and shifted to the other corner of the sofa waiting for my volcano to erupt. The orange juice that was in my mouth a minute before was now on the ground. Some of it practically gets chocked into my throat. The glass was now in pieces on the floor. I quickly stand up and said as loud as I could. "WHAT?" I said, anger filled in my voice. "What? Why dad? Why after all these years you want us to move there? Out of all the places on this whole earth you decided to move back to that place? You know I don't want to go there. It's just there are so many memories, I don't think that I will be able to handle that." The last part was barely a whisper but I m sure that he heard it. He stands up, put his paper on the nearby table and came to stand in front of me. "You can't always run from your past sweetie. You have to face it someday." "I m not running away from anything dad. But just tell me why? Why after all these years you decided to move back there? I guess I have the right to know it." I said. He took a step a forward and pats my head. Urgh I just can't stay mad at him. I love him so much. My dad is the best dad in the world. He is practically my best friend. I share not everything with him but at least more than any other teenage girl would share with her dad willingly. "You will know when the time comes" dad said and went to the kitchen to eat his cookies. He can be such a baby at times. He thinks that the conversation is over. Oh no I won't let him get away with it this easily. "And when this 'time' is planning on arriving?" I asked "I don't know. But I'll let you know as soon as I know myself." He said and took a bite of his second cookie. "But dad that's not fair." I said pouting. "Who said life is fair" he said while grinning. Oh no he is winning. "Dad you know I can't go there." I said more seriously this time. Memories started to flash in my mind. "Come on kiddo what it is now?" he said looking directly into my eyes. "My biggest enemy is living there that what it is" I shouted at him but regretted it as soon as I saw his face. He sighed loudly. "You two were best friends. No one can separate you two. What happened sweetie?" he said softly but that only added fuel to my fire. "Everything was fine dad, before he turned into some sick, arrogant, idiotic and the one who thinks he ruled the world! And just stop talking about him. I hate him." I said venom spitting out from my every word. "You can't always ignore him. He is your best friend." he said rising. "I will ignore him as much as I can dad. And I don't think that he is my best friend because best friend doesn't ignore you when you need them most. Where was he when I needed him? Do you have any answer? No. he ditched me, dad. And you are asking me to forgive him?" tears were now running down my cheeks. He came forward and pulled me into a tight hug. Everyone who is close to me knows the way to calm me down. A tight hug and I will eventually calm down. But sometimes even that does not work. "Shh… baby calm down. Please don't cry. I m not asking you to forgive him, but you know you can't hold a grudge forever." He said kissing my forehead. "I can't believe dad that you are saying this" I said while a chuckle escaped my mouth. "yeah yeah I know you … you can hold a grudge as long as you want. But just try giving him a chance" he said. "I'll think about it, but I don't think that he would still remember me. I have changed a lot in these 5 years dad."I said while wiping away my tears. "I hardly doubt that. Who can forget such a pretty lady? And by the way does this mean that you are ready to go to La Push?" he said raising his eyebrows. "You know I can't say no to you." He lifted his eyebrows more "okay okay I know that I m not very obliging as a children but yes I m ready to go there. Not because I want to but because you want to." I said and the last part was true. "Thank you darling. I m glad that you are doing this for me. Now as much as I hate to say this but you should probably get ready for family dinner. I'll pick you up at 7:00 okay. And don't be late like always. And we are leaving the day after tomorrow for La Push. I hope you have no problem with that. This will be the last family dinner here with everyone." He said with a slight smile on his face. "Okay dad I will be ready in time. See you later" I said and stood on my tiptoes to kiss his cheek. My father is a tall man nearly 6ft and I m not short myself I stand about 5 '15 ft. I m the tallest girl in my class. We said our goodbyes and then he left. I know that my dad misses La Push and his friends back there. We are not Quileute's hell we are not even Americans. Yup that's true I am from London and I should say that I belong to a royal family of London. My family background is kind of complicated and long. But I guess we have time. I guess we haven't been introduced properly. I m Elena Celeste Katherine Anderson. I m a princess but that's the only thing I hate about myself. I don't want to be a princess. I don't get why all the girls of my class want a life like mine. If you know me my life is not the one you would want to have. I have been through a lot in my life. Losing the person close to you isn't one of the best experiences of life. It is hard. But you have to get over it, because life doesn't wait of anyone. Well about family dinner, it is a family tradition. Every member of the family has to be present unless he or she is out of the country. My family is a large one. The eldest is my Grandfather, Albert William Anderson. He is a man that I admire and not everyone get to that side of me. Me and my granddad are not that close but I know he loves me dearly. Then came my grandmother Katherine Hailey Anderson, she is the third person after my father which I can't say no to. She has a great personality. She handles the situation so perfectly that it makes me wonder some time. You may be wondering if my father is the second most favorite person in the world and my grandmother is the third one than who is the first one. Well I will tell you about him later. My dad is the eldest among his brothers. They are 3 three brothers. First, is my dad, Lawrence Albert Anderson. Second , my uncle, Evan Jade Anderson, we didn't get along really well but what can I say I m not that good and last but not the least third, Michael Robert Anderson. Well it takes almost a month for me to remember their name. And their wives well I don't remember their full name. Hey! You can't blame me. Try remembering name of a person which is equal to four people that's so not an easy task. Well let's start with my mom; her name is Celeste Mia Anderson. I love her name. I love her. I miss her so much that I can't even describe, after my mom's death my father completely broke down. I never think that he will be able to put himself together because he love her more than his own life. But he did, when I ask him that how he was able to do that he always said that "sometimes you have to live not for yourself but for the others you love. You have to be strong in front of others even if you are breaking inside. Life is never about living for yourself it is about giving the others a reason to smile" his words always gave me rays of hope in the darkest time of my life. Then came Aunt Gloria Anderson, wife of uncle Evan. Well again we are not in the best of our relationship. And last came Aunt Christina Anderson wife of Uncle Michael. I am not so close to any of them but I can't blame them we didn't live in our palace. Yes we have our own family palace but we didn't live there. I m very thankful to my dad for that. My dad never wanted to be a prince himself. All the manners and the way the royals behave didn't suit him. He always stayed away from his family. He was on a business trip when he met my mother and the instantly fell in love with each other. They love each other so