Bored Disclaimer: Of course I don't own these characters! Freakin' DUH! AN: This story was set during the walk between Rivendell and the Mines of Moria; you should see where it runs into the actual story. This is in the movie-verse.) I wrote this, cuz Pippin would totally do this to someone if given half the chance. You know he's the evil hobbit~! It's why he's my fave~! Pippin looked around him at his way-to-solemn travelling companions and sighed for fifth time in as many minutes. He was bored. Horribly bored. Insanely bored. Profoundly, inexplicably, and completely…bored. Why did this journey have to be so boring? He almost wished the Ringwraiths would find them again, he was so bored. Because surely being scared so badly that your control over your bladder and bowels slips would be much more fun than all this endless walking. Pippin sighed again, earning himself a glare from Merry. "What?" He said in as innocent and injured a tone as he could manage. Merry just shook his head and picked up his pace, leaving Pippin to walk alone. Pippin stared after him and pouted. Now that hurt. Now he was bored and lonely. Not a good combination. He looked around at his companions again, his eyes settling on one in particular. The youngest of the hobbits grinned evilly. Now it was time to see what the Man from Gondor was really made of! Pippin bounced on over to the man and tugged on his tunic until he looked down. He then put on his best 'wide-eyed-and-innocent' look—the one that made him look even more like a child then he did already, the one that made people forget that he was actually in his twenties—and gazed up at Boromir in child-like seriousness. "Boromir, I have a question." Pippin stated, even making his voice sound like a child's. The little hobbit grinned inwardly in triumph when he saw Boromir's eyes soften and his lips curve up slightly. This was too easy. "Yes, little one? What is it?" Boromir's voice softened as if he were talking to a young child. The other three hobbits and Gandalf all looked over at Pippin, each with a different expression on their face. Frodo had an eyebrow raised and looked puzzled; Merry, having caught on, was fighting a grin; Sam just stared at the younger hobbit suspiciously—Pippin could swear that was his default expression—while Gandalf watched him with a mildly amused and slightly irritated expression on his face. Obviously he, like Merry, had caught on, having had something similar happen to him at the hands of Merry and Pippin. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli were watching the hobbits, bemused, then turned to look at Pippin and Boromir. Pippin started to speak, but then turned his face to the ground, as if shy. Boromir knelt down to look Pippin in the face and nodded encouragingly. "Go on, Pippin! What is your question?" Boromir gazed down at the youngest member of the Fellowship with fondness. The little one really was quite adorable with the reddish brown mop of curls framing a sweet, cherubic face with big, soulful blue eyes. Boromir found it hard to believe that the hobbit was only a few years younger than himself. He wondered at the little hobbit's sudden shyness; what on Middle Earth was the question that would make the normally boisterous and cheerful hobbit act so shy? He waited for Pippin to gather his courage and smiled encouragingly once again as Pippin met his gaze. Pippin allowed himself to shift from foot to foot, as if nervous, and smiled uncertainly up at Boromir. "It's a weird question, sir! Every time I ask, no one seems to want to answer me! They all make excuses and leave!" He whined, puffing his bottom lip out petulantly. "I'm almost of age now! People need to stop making excuses and just answer me!" He frowned over at Gandalf and the other hobbits. "Not even they want to answer my question!" Merry had turned around and clasped a hand across his mouth to keep his laughter and Gandalf was currently wondering if he should rescue Boromir or not. He thought about for perhaps three seconds then shrugged. Nah. It couldn't be worse than the time Merry and Pippin had asked him where babies came from. Now that had been one interesting conversation, surely nothing could top that subject! Sam and Frodo merely glanced at each other in puzzlement. What was Pippin talking about? They looked over at Merry for an explanation, but found him to be very unhelpful and a rather peculiar shade of purple as he fought to hold back his mirth. Frodo and Sam then looked over at Gandalf who simply grinned and shook his head, pointing back to the pair. Pippin was still hesitating. He shot a look over at Gandalf and the hobbits, relieved to see that none of them looked as if they were going to blow the whistle on him. He then looked over at Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli. Aragorn had a small smile on his face and apparently guessed from Merry and Gandalf's reactions that this was some sort of prank on Pippin's part, while Gimli and Legolas—not knowing Pippin or Merry very well—still looked a little confused. Pippin leaned in closer to Boromir and said in a worried tone, "Are you sure it's okay if I ask you this question in front of them?" He pointed around them to the others. Boromir looked puzzled. "I don't see why not, little one! The question couldn't be that bad." Just then Merry made a peculiar choking noise, causing everyone to look over at him. He was doubled over and almost looked to be in pain. He waved off the concerned looks that Legolas and Boromir were giving him with a gasped out 'don't mind me'. Pippin drew Boromir's attention back to himself by tapping him on the shoulder. "Are you sure?" He asked. The man nodded and Pippin continued. "Well, okay, if you say so…" He figured that whatever happened next would be completely on Boromir's head, considering how many red flags he'd sent to the guy. Frankly, he was surprised the man couldn't figure out that something was up. Pippin took a deep breath and plunged ahead. "Boromir, what exactly is sex?" Sam, Frodo, and Gimli all choked and quickly turned away, all the blood seeming to drain from their faces then come back with a vengeance. "Oh, Sam, he didn't!" Frodo exclaimed, putting a hand over his face as if to hide his own embarrassment at the question. "He did, Mr. Frodo." Sam replied, shielding his own face as well. Merry, Aragorn, and, to everyone's surprise, Gandalf, all cracked up laughing. Legolas and Boromir just stared at Pippin, Legolas in astonishment, and Boromir in chagrin. Both Elf and Man looked at each other. Boromir shot a pleading look at the Prince of Mirkwood; the elf, however, just put his hands up and, grinning slightly, backed away, washing his hands of this situation. Pippin surveyed his handiwork with carefully concealed pride. He almost chuckled at the accusing looks that Frodo and Sam were shooting at Gandalf and Merry, and was surprised and amused to find both Legolas' and Gimli's faces to be as red as tomatoes. Gimli had started to laugh while Legolas had bitten his lip to keep from grinning and had suddenly found a passing butterfly to be very interesting. Pippin found Boromir's and Aragorn's reactions to be the most satisfying, however. Boromir had yet to regain any of the color to his face and looked as if he was either going to cry or pass out, the poor man; Aragorn, on the other hand, didn't look much like the intimidating Ranger he was supposed to be, rolling around on the ground laughing as he was. Pippin looked around at them with a look of injured innocence and exclaimed, "How come I get this reaction every time I ask? It's just a question!" This just set the four laughers off harder. He looked at Boromir pleadingly. "You will tell me, won't you? I feel really dumb for not knowing. I've heard people mention it, but I really don't have much of an idea what they're talking about." The youngest member of the Fellowship glanced bitterly at everyone around them. "And they are definitely not helpful." Boromir just stared at the cherubic hobbit in dismay, his mind reeling. He'd only registered half of what the hobbit had said after he'd heard the word 'sex', and, after looking around at his companions, he realized that they would be no help whatsoever. Why? Why did it have to be him? Why not Strider or the elf? Why him? He continued to just stare at Pippin; the little hobbit was gazing up at him with his bottom look pooched out slightly, his eyes looking a little shinier than normal. Boromir inwardly groaned; if he didn't answer this question the little one would probably start crying. The Man of Gondor thought fast, how did he explain this subject? He cursed inwardly. This was why he had no children! He would've preferred the 'where do babies come from?' question over this! At least he could've been evasive! Again he looked around at the others pleadingly but none would meet his gaze. Boromir looked back down at Pippin and forced a smile onto his face. "W-well, that is a very difficult question, Pippin…uh, hmmm, well…." He cleared his throat and reached for his canteen. He took a swig and licked his lips. Pippin watched him, amused. Boromir was stalling, he knew. Well, we couldn't have that , now could we? He thought, keeping his teary-eyed look on his face. It was on occasions like this that he was happy that he could turn on the waterworks at the drop of a hat. Looking at the uncomfortable warrior, he decided to let the rivers flow. He gazed up at Boromir with tear-filled eyes and sniffled, letting a small whine escape his lips. "You don't want to tell me either!" He wailed. Boromir paled even more. "N-n-no! Don't cry! Just—" Boromir scrambled to find words. Suddenly he got an idea. "Just wait! I'll tell you! Just wait until we stop tonight, then I'll have time to explain it to you okay? Now wouldn't be a good time because, uh….." Boromir thought hard to come up with an excuse that didn't sound like one. "Uh…." He looked over at the others pleadingly. By this time everyone had quit laughing and at least one of them decided to take pity on the man. Aragorn stood up, brushed himself off, and came forward to stand next to Pippin and Boromir and leaned down to speak to the hobbit. "Because we don't know if the Nazghul are on our tracks or not. Tonight would be safer." He looked pointedly at Legolas, Gimli, and Gandalf. All three chimed out in hurried agreement. "Oh, uh, aye laddie. Strider is right." "Yes, definitely! Tonight would be better!" Hmmm, yes, and perhaps Master Elf and Master Dwarf could be persuaded to help Master Boromir explain that particular subject." Gandalf said, grinning wickedly at the two. Both turned and glared daggers at the Wizard. Pippin fought the urge to snicker and turned his 'wide-eyed-and-innocent' look to the Elf and the Dwarf. "Will you really?" He asked, putting a hopeful tone to his voice. This was so much more fun than just walking all day! He watched with glee as both Legolas and Gimli paled and gulped. Again they glared daggers at Gandalf. After a few seconds, Gimli gave Pippin an uneasy smile and, shooting a sly glance at Legolas, answered the young hobbit. "Well, Master Pippin, if I were you, I'd ask the oldest of our fellowship—excluding Gandalf, or course—about this subject. Surely after a thousand or something years of exsistence, our elf friend here must know something on the subject!" Legolas turned his