Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and The Olympians. I sigh enjoying the early summer sun on my cheeks warming my skin, burning my hair as I walk to school. " Ms. Andrews !" Oh ! I'd recognize that voice anywhere. I grin as I turn and see him across the street. I wave and press the button for the cross walk and quickly walk over to my favorite teacher. Mr. Burner has to be the coolest teacher I've ever had. He's about three-foot three, but I 'd bet he would be taller if he wasn't in a wheel chair. Dark over long curly hair that connects to his beard in a charming way, sun-tanned skin, and such dark brown eye's that seem to hold so much wisdom. He's wearing is usual coffee and pastry smelling tweed jacket, a baby blue button down shirt, tan slacks and brown loafers. He smiles as I walk behind him, grab the handle bars, and start to push him across the street. " Good morning , ready to teach new hero's today ?" I ask jokingly as I look ahead. He chuckles resting his arms in his lap. " Why of course they wouldn't call me 'Trainer of Hero's' for nothing." We laugh at our own little inside joke as I -with not that much difficulty today- pushed him up the hill that always gives us some difficulty in one way or another. " I can't wait to read the Iliad !" I grin with delight as I open the door for . He smiles as he wheels himself down the hall. " I think your the only student I have who is excited." He laughs as he heads to his classroom. I wave bye and head to Gym for my first class, after some difficulty with my gym locker I end up late. The day goes on as usual, everyone besides a few of the teachers remembers that I exist and life goes on. Except Mr. Valles, for some reason he acted like I wasn't in his class the whole semester, weird but his wife did just have a baby or so I heard, so maybe he's sleep deprived. Poor guy. I make my way back home sooner then usual, well its not really my home. At least I don't consider it my home, it's just the Foster home the system put me in since I had no where else to go. I sigh as I walk down the alley and hop the fence then boom. I'm there. It's an old two story brick building with a few messed up windows, it doesn't keep the cold out, or the heat in, and it gets direct sunlight as soon as the sun rises, there's little mold on the outside of the building, and you cant really hang your clothes to dry unless you wanna wait all day, but at least the roof doesn't leak and there's always a place to sleep whether its a couch or a futon. Not that I can complain, its better than anywhere else I've ever been. " I've returned !" I shout as I walk through the front door, the little ones come running past me, only Emily gives my leg a hug before running after Briana shouting: " Give me back my dolly !" " Welcome back." Ms. Rose calls from the kitchen as I make my way over. The air is thick and stuffy but smells delicious of I don't know what. As soon as I'm in the kitchen Ms. Rose hands me a small glass of ice tea with raspberry. " Thanks." I mutter as I take a sip and look around the kitchen, I've been living here for I don't know how long and I've barely noticed how it looks. Its completely mixed matched, black checkerboard and chefs, then wine with cheese or grapes. For some reason it gives me the urge to smile. "... birthday." Mrs. Rose's voice brings me back and I shake my head. " What ?" I look over at her and she smiles a little. " I asked where did you want to go for your birthday ?" I shrug in response as I sigh as I glance over at her. Ms. Rose is so kind and generous, even when I gave her absolute hell for the first month when she took me in. She's about 5'3 or maybe 5'2, I'm a few inches taller than her, she has a heart shaped face and dark short curly hair and dark blue eyes, today she's wearing a dark blue halter tank top and a long matching skirt, it suits her. For her being in her mid thirties she sure doesn't look it. She act like she's not h er age, and she's always playful and in a good mood with the same kind smile on her face. She kinda reminds me of a nymph for some reason. " I don't know, Rhode Island ? Somewhere besides Time Square." I laugh and shrug, we live here in the Big Apple but its too loud for my taste. She gives me a curious look then nods. " All right, its good to have a change of scenery, we can have a little picnic and Ill make a strawberry short cake." " You spoil us too much..." " Especially you little Miss Sixteen." She laughs as she walks over hugging me, grabbing my shoulders and making me sway side to side as she continues teasing me as I blush. " S-So ? Maybe after I'm sixteen I can get a permit from school and I can finally find some work, then I can-" " Oh no. You are not working, so don't even start." She stops me before I can even start. I stare at her confused, I'm not even her kid and yet she always fusses over me, a bit more than the younger ones. " But-" " No buts, I told you, we're good, we don't need any help financially, you just worry on your schoolwork, Has Mr. Burner been a good tutor with your dyslexia ?" I stop and lean against the counter finishing my tea. " Yeah... There's going to be a big difference in my report card this semester." I yawn and grab my back pack. " I'm gonna go take a small nap, wake me up when dinners ready." I smile and walk out, patting Briana on the head as she runs by, I walk up the flight of stairs and make it to my room, I share it with the girls but since they're too busy playing I might have at most ten minutes to myself. I walk in and see that they moved my futon to the middle of the room again and sigh irritated. " You gotta be kidding me. Briana. Emily... How hard is it to keep my bed in the corner like always. We are poor we're not crackheads..." I groan and push it all the way back then lay down and rest my head for a bit, closing my eyes. Why am I so tired ? " You have no choice. Do it !" I'm shaking in the dark, its getting smaller, I'm scared, I cant breathe ! " Brother She's Only A Child ! My Child !" Mommy ! Mommy ! Help me mom ! I'm scared ! Mommy ! " It's The Law !" I curl up in a little ball of my hiding place, I place my hands over my ears, crying I try to tune them out. " No, no go away, its a bad dream, its a dream, go away...Disappear..." I whimper to myself, hoping to make the mean voice's go away. " We All Agreed To This Brother - ! This Has To Be ." " N-NO ! I REFUSE TO LOSE HER ! She's My Daughter !" " Then I'll Do It..." The door opens, lightning flashes, blinding me, thunder roars making it hard to hear. I see a tall figure, coming closer and closer I move back and fall, frantic I turn around and try to crawl away but the closet wall is right behind me. There's no where for me to go. Who ever he is he grabs my hair. Lifting me up, making me scream in pain and fear as I try to get away. Suddenly he cries out in surprise, he lets go and I fall on the ground, I look up seeing her eye's. The only thing I remember was her yelling. " JENNA RUN !" " Man why do we have to be running the mile today ?" I groan as I jog slowly to the track field. With any luck I'll show up when they're done, I yawn rubbing my eye's if it wasn't for that nightmare last night I wouldn't have overslept. I haven't had that nightmare for a while now, and even now it chills me to the core. I thought I'd forgotten it, whenever I tried to remember but it would make my head hurt, and my memory would be hazy but last night...It was as clear as day. Too focused on my nightmare I flinch as I pass by one of the old storage shed's in the field when it rattles startling me. " Eww..." I gag dramatically as I look at the shed, this wouldn't be the first time a couple was caught in there,I turn away and was about to leave when. " Yo ! Is anyone out there ! Someone ! Anyone ! Help ! Get me outta here !" Funny thought though. That whole sentence was inside my head, and it wasn't a voice that screamed it it was a neigh ! Oddly enough it sounded like a boy's voice...with a Jersey accent maybe ? I turn around to look at the shed again, there wasn't anything off about it, just a usual white metal shed with the paint chipping off. I reach to touch it when it rattled again. " Uumm... H-Hold on ! I-I'll try to get you out !" I yell unsure of what else to say. I rattle the door handle and when that didn't work I kicked it a couple of times until it was finally open. Slowly I walk in for this being a small shed its very spacious...And dark ! " Ooo-kay.. This is beyond creepy." I walk further in as my eyes adjust to the darkness. This place is as big as a Costco to be honest it kinda pisses me off. " Okay they cut the music department but the freaking school can afford a misleading shed as big as a Costco ?" I shake my head and walk further in. The sound of chains rattling in the air gets louder as I get closer and closer. " Hello ?" I call out cautiously. " Hello Help me please !" The voice begs causing my heart to swell. Maybe he's in pain ? That's what he sounds like. " Hello ? Is someone here ? Where are you ?" I call out my heart beat quickening as I place my hand on what I hope is a nearby wall as I feel for a light switch. " I'm over here ! Yes ! Finally Help ! Thank You ! I've been stuck here for days !" The voice echo's in my head full of gratitude, I find a light switch and turn it on. I blink as the muted light blinds me for a second. I once again hear the rattling of chains and neighs. Quickly I walk down an aisle towards it, unsure of what or who I would find. As I turn I'm instantly stuck where I stand, my mouth drops open as I gap at the creature in front of me. A Pegasus ! " W-Who are you ? Are- Are you help ?" The voice asks