For the Last Ship Sailing comp- prompts: Sleeping Beauty au, picking flowers, beige, "I'm open to suggestions" "Do you even know what you're doing?" Scorpius sounded painfully amused. I groaned aloud and shook my head, tossing my quill onto the table and watching the ink splatter. He tut at me and I huffed back at him, unconcerned. "Come, now. Your father would like to see you before you leave," Scorpius said, walking to the door and calling for a servant. He left the door open and returned to my side. "How do you know that?" I asked. "I know you're father," he said. "Now, you have to finish these stocks before you do that-" "You deal with numbers all the time," I muttered. "Why can't you do it?" "Because I'm a visiting dignitary, not your servant," Scorpius replied, just as my personal servant came in with a wet cloth and cleared the table quickly. He picked up every paper and wiped underneath it, running back over it with the dry side of the cloth before putting the documents back down. "Besides," Scorpius continued absently, watching my servant. "You need to do this. You'll ascend the throne upon your father's death and we both know that isn't far away." I made a face and cursed under my breath. "I wish James hadn't given up the throne and Teddy was more than my father's ward," I said. "That way, James or Teddy would be king." "You know this kingdom would fall to ruin if James took the throne, absorbed as he is by his studies and other nonsense, and Teddy is getting married to your cousin, who has no claim to the throne either." "Excuse me," my servant said. "Is there anything else you require, sire?" I glanced up. "Are my bags packed for tomorrow?" I ask, and he nodded. "Yes, sire." "Then you're dismissed for tonight. I expect you back by dawn tomorrow," I said. "Good night, Tommy." "Thank you, sire. Good night." He bowed to me and then to Scorpius, then took his leave, the door clicking shut behind him. "He's proper, isn't he?" Scorpius said quietly, staring at the door. He blinked, then turned and his eyes sharpened as he looked at me again. "Now," he murmured, "I think it's time I leave as well, no?" I sighed sadly. "I wish you didn't have to," I said, equally quiet. I reached up and wrapped my hand around the back of his neck, waving my hand at the window to shut the curtains with my magic. They shut with a sharp noise, that of metal sliding on metal, and the rustle of fabrics. Scorpius met me halfway, kissing me deeply, tugging me to my feet. "I wish I didn't have to either," he confessed against my mouth. "I don't want to leave anymore than you want me to go." "I wish you could stay here, with me. I wish I wasn't the crown prince." "Me, too. I don't want to be crown prince anymore than you do. I wish I had siblings to shuck the burden on to." I laughed, brushing his hair away from his forehead and kissing him again. His arms went around my waist and tugged me closer. "At least," I whispered, "When we're kings, the festivals that come with reaffirming alliances will last longer." "And our parents won't be there to fight all the damn time," Scorpius agreed. "If they want war so badly…" I trailed off, but Scorpius understood. "At least you're a valuable ally." The blond huffed a laugh and pressed a final kiss on my mouth before stepping away and righting his clothes. "Indeed," he said. "I will see you at dawn tomorrow to depart." "And you'll be gone when I return?" "Unfortunately," he nodded, looking as upset as I felt. We hardly see each other anymore. Not since James gave up the throne. A part of me hated him for it. "Have a safe trip home, Scorpius," I said. He inclined his head in my direction and left my chambers without another word. His presence lingered. There were scuff marks on the floor around the table and the bed where he had stepped, and the bed itself has the indent where he'd been sleeping in secret. He teleported in here after his servant was dismissed, and left before even the kitchen staff woke. I licked my lips, looking around. I moved the curtain aside with my hand to look at the dying rays of the sun, and sighed. It wasn't too late to see my father. … "Father?" I called, and he turned in his chair, smiling at me. "Albus," he greeted. "Come in, come in." It was a farce and we both knew it. Neither of us really liked each other. Everyone knew the Princess was the King's favorite. Including James and I. "You wanted to see me?" I asked, politely, as I shut the door behind me. Harry Potter, the current King of Diagon, nodded decisively and pointed absently to the chair across from him. "Yes, Allie. Take a seat," he said. I grit my teeth and sat stiffly in the chair. Either he noticed my discomfort and didn't care, or he didn't notice because he didn't care, and I couldn't decide which was worse. He coughed, blood specks appearing on his face and hands, and I found myself at a bit of a loss. I stood hurriedly and he waved me back down, still choking on the blood in his lungs. "Is there nothing I can do?" I asked, and he shrugged as the coughing fit subsided. "Not without revealing your magic, Allie. And since that would require you to abdicate the throne, we cannot afford to have me suddenly well." Harry's eyes were sad as he looked at me. "I wish it weren't so. You're very young. Too young for the fate of the kingdom on your shoulders." I was seventeen. I shrugged helplessly. "There's nothing for it, father. James wanted to study abroad, and he couldn't very well do that as a prince." Harry muttered some unsavory thing under his breath that I didn't bother to listen to. He had never approved of James' choice. "Anyway," he said. "I wanted to give you something for your trip. I had it made for you." He stood, and swayed slightly, and I reached for him but he waved me away again. I took in a slow breath and tried to calm my sudden anger. Could he not see I wanted only to help him? He walked unsteadily to the cabinet across the room and it swung open on my command. He threw me a dirty look and I raised my eyebrows, knowing full well he could never have been able to open the lock with his hands shaking the way they do these days. He turned back to the cabinet and reached for a long, thin box and handed it to me quickly before he dropped it. His sickness seemed to consume him farther each day. Lily, my sister, was beside herself. James wasn't here to see it, and likely had no idea since he was in another kingdom across the length of the ocean and the message could not be delivered so quickly. Our father would likely be dead before he even knew of the illness. Some part of me felt pity. "Well? Open it," Harry urged, breaking me from my thoughts. I nodded, biting the inside of my lips as I placed the box on the bed next to us. The damn thing sank slightly under the weight of the box, and I raised my eyebrows. I sent my father a curious look, then opened the gift. I sucked in a sharp breath. Inside was a beautifully hand crafted sword, long and thin, with gems inlaid in the guard over the hilt. Red and gold, the colors of our kingdom, of course. (Spitefully, when I was eleven, I ordered my bedroom to be colored green and silver to acknowledge our alliance with Scorpius' kingdom. My parents had been furious, but hadn't ordered it to be redone, and it was sill those colors today.) I noticed now, the harder I looked, the more of the delicate silver and green I saw. Emeralds lined the hilt, and it had silver tassels on the end of it. The case was a gorgeous mixture of gold and silver to combine the two and make it all fit. "Father…" I breathed, taking it out of the box. It was perfectly balanced and fit my height exactly. Underneath it was a belt, complete with the sheathe to hold the weapon while I had it in my hand. I pulled that out, too. Harry watched me, clearly anxious, and when I said something, he jolted. "What do you think?" he asked. "The weapon itself is beautiful. But I'm going on a trip to collect tax from the lords on the eastern border. I've done it before. So what's the occasion?" He huffed a laugh and coughed briefly again. "You're much smarter than both of your siblings, always have been. I'm going to resign in three weeks to give you a chance to establish yourself as king before you have to mourn." I swayed this time. I gripped the bed pillar to steady myself as my father reached out for me. I shook my head and swallowed heavily, my mouth having gone dry. "You- you-" "Albus. You're ready," Harry assured me. "You'll do fine. And I'll guide you through the beginning of it. You still have your mother to help, too. We'll get through it." I swallowed again, gritting my teeth. "If you say so," I croaked. … My trip the day after my father gifted me the sword consisted of three major points. The first was that my sister was with me for the first time. The second was that the man whose taxes we were supposed to collect died the night before we arrived. The third was that the woman who was left behind placed a curse on my sister. … "Why do I have to go with you?" "I thought you said you wanted to?" I asked her, already annoyed with her, and we hadn't even left the castle yet. "I changed my mind." "And what else would you rather do? I'm open to suggestions." "Just…stay here." I sighed, and dropped my bags at my feet. Tommy immediately bent to pick them up, and he walked them the rest of the way to the horses. I turned to Lily and she looked away from me, unable to meet my eyes. I always wondered why. "Look, Lily. Mum asked us to go. She says you need to learn how to handle the lords and ladies of the court, now." She rolled her eyes. "Let's don't, and say we did." I took a deep breath for patience and then put my hand on her shoulder. "We have to go." "I just. Have a bad feeling." The courtyard was bustling with people when we emerged from the castle. The banners of the king waved in the wind, the bright colors coupled with the rising sun making my eyes hurt. It was as loud as it always was, with the same old people calling for the sale of the same old items- bread, weapons like daggers, apples, weaving, beer. Together, Lily and I navigated without issue through the people, all of whom paused to bow in our direction as we passed. (The thing about Lily is that she was a seer. She possessed no raw magic of her own, but her words were to be heeded. In that moment, however, I disregarded them in favor of our mother's orders, and it is a mistake I regret to this day.) "Let's just see how it goes, hm?" She nodded, miserable. … We arrived on the eastern border by high noon, as we were a small kingdom without