For the Last Ship Sailing Comp. "Red String of Fate", "Direction", "Chair". Also for the FRIENDS challenge, all on HPFC forum. Very few people can see the world as it truly is. Albus just happened to be one of those people. Many believe it is a blessing; a way to find happiness when everything is hopeless, or to guide when the way home is unclear. But really, all it does for Albus Severus Potter is cement the anguish of unrequited love. … I. "You're telling me that all this time, you've never actually seen Big Ben? How long have you lived here, mate?" "All my life," Albus says miserably, and Scorpius throws his hands up. The red String wrapped round his finger shakes with the movement, and Albus can feel the tug on his own heart. "Just- never had the time. My parents never leave the house without getting ambushed, you know?" Albus says, watching Scorpius drop himself into the chair in front of the fireplace with an expression of exasperated shock. It's a face that Al is intimately familiar with; he can feel himself wilt the longer he thinks about how utterly irritating he must be- He smiles at Scorpius and the blond doesn't suspect a thing. "Well," Scorpius says. "I guess Jana and I will have to make sure you see it over this summer." Bitterness wells in Al's mind and even as he grins and forces excitement on his face to make the plans, he thinks only of how Jana, sweet, kind thing, wouldn't hurt a fly, had wormed her way into Scorpius' sights and has remained for the past four months. "Do you want to get lunch afterward? Jana will have to leave early- she says she has some appointment with Eddie from Hufflepuff- you know the one with the really bad acne and the skill to go pro on the field? Yeah. I dunno what the hell she wants to do with him. Something about a skate? Whatever that is. But anyway, she hasn't seen it either, you both are absolute failures at culture, by the way. I think you'd like her if you gave her a chance. Besides, it would really make me happy-" Albus blinks himself out of his reverie. Oh, he's pulling that card. Lovely. "Of course," Al says. "I've been trying, Cori, you know that. I just. Can't seem to find-" "Any common ground, yeah, I know. But you've only spoken to her, like, twice." "Six times," Albus protests, and Scorpius levels him with a flat look. "Uh, yeah, like that's much better. She and I are really close, you know, I wish-" Albus shakes his head. "I think I'll pass on the whole thing if you'd rather be with her," he says slowly, keeping the hurt from his voice. Scorpius looks at him in shock but Albus is already out of the chair and half way to the dorm. "Hogwarts Express leaves at eleven tomorrow," he reminds Scorpius. "I think we should get some sleep." "Albus?" … II. "Do you ever wonder what it would be like?" Scorpius asks. Albus follows his gaze to Jana, who is gesturing wildly at Eddie outside the compartment. She stepped out just a moment ago. "What what would be like?" he asks. Eddie leans against the wall of the train and Albus allows himself only three seconds to admire the boy's cheekbones before he clues into Scorpius again. How wonderful it would be to be able to fall in love with someone else, he thinks. Someone who wasn't blond, with the prettiest blue eyes and cheekbones and pale, unblemished skin (Scorpius really got the good genes, Albus thinks, partly envious, partly bitter, and partly in love)… "To see the String of fate," Scorpius elaborates, and Albus focuses on his best friend- his soulmate- with a renewed intensity. "No, I don't," Albus says plainly. Scorpius jolts. He stares at Albus as if he's never seen him before. "What? How do you not wonder?" he demands. "I think it would be amazing- to see who everyone is going to be with, if the person you're with is the right one-" "It only serves to drives loneness into someone's heart. Because if you're truly mean to be with someone and they're with someone else- you want them to be happy and it's hard to give like that. To give and give and give. Because that's all it is. You just give people the words they want to hear when they ask if their partner is the right one and then you're to blame when the lie is found, and then you're isolated even further and-" Albus is exhausted. He flops back miserably to stare out the window; at the green trees and misty mountains in the distance and he wonders- "You can see them, can't you?" Scorpius guesses. "How come you never told me?" and he sounds sad. Betrayed. But Albus can't bring himself to feel any sympathy because he's the one leading Al along on a string- literally- and one little secret isn't all that life-changing. Albus' lips thin. "Why would I? It's not exactly a great, wonderful gift." "Everyone loves that gift; it brings a sense of direction, of purpose-" "Good thing I'm a nobody, then, isn't it?" Albus demands bitterly, and Scorpius looks stricken. Al's heart twists in his chest and he stands. "I'm gonna head to the loo," he mutters, and slides open the door to the compartment. Scorpius stares after him helplessly. … III. Albus goes straight to his room after he gets home from the train station and Ginny knocks on the door not even five minutes later. He sighs, curling up tighter on his bed and she knocks again. "Allie?" "Come in," he calls, resigned. She swings open the door and he can feel her eyes on him. "Tell me," Ginny says, sitting on the side of his bed. Al sighs and rolls over to face his mother, closing off his facial expression. She frowns. "Allie. Come, now, I know something is wrong. Talk to me, sweetheart," she requests, reaching to brush her hand over his forehead, shifting his bangs. He hesitates, then mutters, "I can see the Strings." Her eyes widen, and then her face softens, knowing this isn't a good thing. "Okay," she says. "I suspected. You were always following invisible lines when you were younger. But. That's not the problem, is it?" Damn her motherly instincts. Albus sighs, and presses his palms to his stinging eyes. "Scorpius found a girl. He's my soulmate." "Oh, sweetie," Ginny sighs, and lays down next to him, taking his hand and pressing a kiss to the back of it. "Have you thought about telling him?" "Oh, sure," he says, throat clogged and tone bitter as always, "Tell him to dump his girlfriend to deal with his loser friend who's selfish enough to ask." About his stupid crush. About how he would love to just sit and listen to him talk for days because he has the most wonderful voice and the brightest smile and he's so smart- and, and kind- and. He feels the tears, more insistently. "Alright," she says, unsurprised and well-adjusted to her youngest son's attitude to know that he didn't mean to snap. "Firstly," she continues, and she drags his other arm from his face so he can see her. "You aren't a loser, and he clearly doesn't think so either or he never would've stuck around for so long. Secondly, has he ever said this girl is his girlfriend?" He pauses, and then shakes his head. "They're always together lately. And he never makes friends, not like that. It's always been the two of us. I just can't believe…" "So you're jealous," Ginny whispers, and he nods. "Of course I am." He is horrified to feel a tear leak from his eye. He brushes it away hurriedly and says, "He's my soulmate and someone else has him." "Allie," Ginny says firmly. "I love you, and I won't see him ruin you. Just because he's your soulmate doesn't mean that you can't find someone else until you either forget about him or he pulls his head from his ass." Albus chokes on a laugh, and his mother smiles. "You're worth so much more than being someone's second choice. Never let that happen- not for any future partners, not for friends, and certainly not for your supposed soulmate. Understand?" "I never know how you manage to know what to say," he stutters slightly and his palms return to his eyes and he smiles. "I'm your mother. I know everything," Ginny states, grinning and quietly relieved to have her boy smiling again. "So I know you should come down for dinner," she continues. He laughs loudly and sits up. She doesn't mention his reddened eyes or pale face, instead, she just opens her arms and kisses his head when he hugs her back. "I love you, Allie," she says again, and he hums. "Love you too, mum," he says, quietly. She holds him tighter. … IV. Albus! I haven't heard from you and it's been almost two weeks since we've been out of school. What are you doing? Did you go on a spontaneous holiday and not tell me? I've sent two other letters and they both came back unopened. Please tell me you're just not home and you're having fun and not dead in a ditch somewhere. Tell me you're alright, even if you just say, "Piss off." Look. I know things have been weird lately and I don't know what happened or how to fix it but I want to try. Why don't we both go to Diagon Alley on Wednesday and have ice-cream? Maybe visit that old bookstore you're always going on about. Or maybe your uncle's shop. Something. I don't care. I just want to see you. Jana won't be invited. My dad's worried about you. He says it's like he's missing his second child and the house has been too quiet without you at least poking your head in the fire. Or having tea with him and not even bothering to call me to tell me you're in my house. Since that's a thing you do. Show up for dinner tonight if you're not mad at me for something so I know you're not dead. Just write if you are. I told you I can't live without you. It's been awful. -Scorpius … V. He shows his dad the letter the day after he gets it and Harry waves him away. "Go have fun," he says. "Give Draco my regards." "Thanks," Albus says, and Harry smiles at him before returning to his paperwork with a grimace. "People are stupid," he says, and Al snorts, pulling on his robe. He feels comfortable in his green and silver cloak that his Uncle Ron bought him last year as an apology. He thinks of Scorpius and his obliviousness and agrees wholeheartedly. "No kidding," he says. He pulls at the thread of the sweater he's wearing and stands there, waiting for his father to say something else. He turns to leave when he keeps quiet for a moment. Harry looks up. "Something wrong?" "What makes you say that?" Albus returns to his father's side and Harry puts his quill down to face him fully. "You're hesitant. Almost like you don't want to go." He shrugs, feeling awkward. "Like Scorpius said in the letter. We had a little falling out." Harry is visibly reluctant but he says, "Do you want to talk about it?" Albus shakes his head and tries to ignore the sting that comes with his father's momentary look of relief. "Mum already gave me the pep talk two weeks ago." "Two weeks ago? When you got home from school?" Harry looks confused. "You let it sit for so long?" Albus shrugs again, starting to feel antsy and uncomfortable, so Harry lets it go. "Alright, Al. Go work