For the Endless Possibilities Challenge, with James/Lily, lightning, and the prompt: You fell asleep on the the bus, and your head is on my shoulder. I'm almost to my stop, but I don't want to wake you. Then for Choose-Your-Wand challenge, write about a Gryffindor FRIENDS Challenge, of course :D Time passes, and it's a funny thing. It's been two years since I was last at Hogwarts, and now. Well. It's late. It is dark and quiet and that is about all I can comprehend right now. The bus pulls to a stop and curiosity makes me look up, and I expect to see some rebellious, obnoxious, rowdy teenagers. What I do see- well. It's not too far off the mark. I personally know the man who steps on, and his friends, and blood drains from my face. James Potter. I never thought I would see him again. He takes notice of me immediately, just as I suspected he would. I groan inwardly but he just bows his head in my direction and returns his attention to Remus. I blink, surprised. Sirius and Remus sit together, fingers linked. I envy them. It's been- what? Five years, since I got them together when we were all fourteen? And they still look at each other like the other is the sun and moon and stars and I wish I had a relationship like that. I never have. James sits alone, tugging his wand subtly from his back pocket to move it to his sleeve, where it's less likely to break. He stares sleepily out the window, eyes glazed, as the bus begins to move. Lightning streaks across the sky, and then the rain starts, and I think they were lucky, just barely missing the storm. Three stops and two hours later, the three of them are still on the bus. I lick my lips, nervous, and I wonder at myself- will he even welcome my forwardness? Or is he bitter? I shake the thought away and hiss, "James!" He jerks and looks over, eyes wide and suddenly alert behind his glasses. Sirius looks at me sharply, eyebrows raised. James waves him off and the former Gryffindor shrugs, turning back to Remus. The blond stares at me with a question in his eyes before refocusing on Sirius. Their low murmurs are lost to the sounds of the rain outside and the sounds of the bus engine. "Lily Evans?" James inquires, peering at me curiously from his square glasses. His eyes are a sparkling hazel- intelligent and calm, and I can't believe I never noticed. "Come here," I say, gesturing for him to join me. His eyes widen and he glances at Sirius. The Black nods slowly, and Remus makes no indication of his thoughts at all. Evidently James gleans something from this because he moves quickly from his back row seat to my middle row one. "What's up, Evans?" James asks. He sounds lightly inquisitive, but weary. Uncertain. My heart clenches. I have done some damage. "You were alone. I figured…" I flounder. I didn't think this through. Not really. I haven't seen the Marauders since graduation and. I missed them, somehow. Like one misses an addiction or the way you feel when you revisit home for the first time in many years. Nostalgic and wistful. "Pity party, Evans?" He sounds sad, but unsurprised. Like I have disappointed him somehow. "Doesn't suit you." He moves to leave. I grab his sleeve, and he stops, pinning me with his too old gaze. "Hey, Evans," he says. "Let go." "There was a time when you wanted me to pay attention. Here I am," I say quickly. It's the wrong thing to say. His eyes darken and his gaze shutters. His mouth turns with displeasure. "You rejected me every day for five years. Why should I give you anything now?" he questions lightly, and I wince. I release his sleeve. He twists his wrist to catch his wand before it falls. He eyes me curiously and sits back down. "My feelings for you never really died," he says seriously. I can't comprehend that he had any for me to begin with. "It was a crush," I say. He frowns again. "Sure," he agrees. "It started that way. But after fifth? Sixth year? Maybe. It changed. I saw you for you- not some unattainable prize, but as a woman who deserved to be treated first as a person, then as a celebrity. I saw the way you care so much for a family that doesn't seem to like you, the tutoring for the kids in our year and below- the ones who never have passed without you. You pay kindness to people who certainly don't deserve it… I really fell for you, hard. Beyond the fact that you're beautiful and smart, I mean." He falls silent, watching me digest that. I'm aghast. I never guessed that he noticed anything beyond my looks. It's a sobering feeling, and it's almost like my whole world is tipping on its axis. The bus stops and a young boy gets on alone. James' eyes widen. "Excuse me," he mutters, flicking his eyes to mine for a brief moment. He stands, moving to the front of the bus. He pays the fee for the boy and kneels in front of him, hand on his shoulder. "Where are you parents?" he asks. The kid shrugs, looking lost and afraid. "Okay. Okay. I'm James," he says. "What's your name?" "Carter," says the boy, and James nods. He looks at the bus driver, who hasn't moved and is watching the scene with soft, curious eyes. James says, "I'll be right back. Carter, where do you live?" "Fifteen Grimmauld Place," and James smirks while Sirius groans loudly, slamming his head back on the seat. Remus pats his hand in sympathy. James, however, makes a rude hand gesture at Black behind the boy's back and takes the kid's hand. "I know exactly where that is. I'll get you home." Never mind that it's on the other side of the city. James guides the boy off the bus and a minute passes before I faintly hear the distinctive crack of disapparition. I check my watch and see that it is only because it's nearly three in the morning that the driver waits. James returns and smiles, running his fingers through his hair, fluffing it up. He looks carefree like he used to be. "His parents were thrilled," he tells the driver. She smiles. "It's not often I see kindness like that, young man," she says. James scratches his head and shrugs, a dusty pink darkening his cheeks. "It was nothing." The driver shakes her head and puts the bus in gear. "You've got a keeper there, girl." I feel my lips curl upward without my consent and I just nod. James returns to his seat next to me and says nothing. "You grew up without me noticing," I mutter. He barks a sad, sardonic laugh and shakes his head. "You never bothered to look," he says. And I suppose that's true. I saw a young prankster who cared little for who he hurt, without the potential to see beyond his own wild dreams. And until now, I thought that's all I thought I would ever see. "'m tired," he mumbles. He leans back and tucks his knees into the crevice of the seat in front of us and closes his eyes. The bus driver travels a long way to get to London proper. It makes me wonder what we're doing, on a muggle bus in the middle of the night, in a storm. I turn to ask him, but his head lolls to the side and rests on my shoulder before I get a word out. His breathing is slow and even, face relaxed without any hint of the James Potter I thought I knew. He's beautiful, I think hazily, and I wind my arm around his shoulders and lean my head on his, tucking him into my side. I let him rest. I remember now the regret I felt at graduation. I saw Remus and Sirius together, and Peter with one of my best friends Marlene, who told me all along that James and I would be great together if I gave him a chance, and I remember that I never gave in. What I can't remember is why. My house comes and goes and it's nearing dawn when James sucks in a sharp breath and Sirius comes over. "Potter Manor is at the next stop. James." A manor? How rich is he? "Mm?" "Home. I'll be eating your food with Remus. Are you joining us?" James blinks dubiously at Sirius, then sits up, a flash of- something- going through his eyes. He notices my arm and I quickly pull away, heart racing. He smiles at me, but there's no heat to it. "Alright, mate?" Remus checks. James nods after a weighted second, slowly and unsure. "Cheers, Lupin," he says, voice cracking. He clears his throat and pointedly does not look at me. Remus lays a hand on James' shoulder, "Again?" "Always." James seems to shake himself from whatever nightmare he'd had and smiles charmingly at me. "You should come with us, Evans." I blink. "I- ah. Alright." He grins, more genuine, and stands, leading the way off the bus. He salutes the driver, who grins and repeats the gesture. When we're all off, standing in light rain, the bus hisses and emits a line of smoke before heading off on the road again. James watches it go and turn a corner. He grabs my hand. Sirius winks at me, grinning stupidly, and I make no move to reply. Remus and Sirius link hands, too, and Sirius swings his arm over Remus and tugs him close. He presses a kiss to the blond's cheek and then I feel sickening sensation of side along disapparition. I stumble when James releases me, and then I see a blink in the air before Sirius and Remus appear, much more attuned with the practice than I am. It's the one bit of magic I can never stand to use. "Alright, Evans?" James checks. I nod. Then, "Lily," I say. He looks confused, so I elaborate, "I'm eating at your house, you might as well call me by my first name." James' eyebrows shoot into his hairline before he laughs, raw and free. "Finally," he says. I don't ask; I already know. He reaches for my hand again and then says, "This is going to either be the best or worst decision of my life, but com'on, Lily, and let me show you something." He reaches for my hand and the ring on his finger glints in the blooming sunlight, and it's almost too cliché for my tastes. But then I think, what the hell, and take his hand. He tugs on my hand and I follow him willingly, noting that Sirius and Remus are long gone, though I don't know where. James leads me to a large gate, all winding metal and ivy vines along it, surrounded by high walls made of green bushes, the perfect picture of wealth that I've never seen in real life. I eye the dark entrance with trepidation, and as I look at it, I realize something: there's a lion at the top, very clearly the family crest, and underneath, there's the name Potter overlaying two crossed swords. I swallow heavily as my mouth runs dry and my breath leaves me. But James pushes the gate open without a care, and I realize it's nothing new to him. He's lived with this all his life. I've heard of the wizarding nobles, and on some level I knew that the Blacks, the Malfoys, the Lestranges, the Prewetts, and the Potters all rank among them, but until now I never truly registered that. I've never seen their home bases before. Alice Prewett- now Longbottom- has got to show