Wrote this quite a while ago, pretty interested to see how the concept goes down. Keep in mind that the speaker here is a child, so most (well, okay, at least some) technical errors are part of her persona. Of course, I own nothing. T for light language. Semester Assignment: Choose one of the following three topics. Over the course of the semester you will write a series of journals and papers on the topic, which will be turned in before winter break for twenty-five percent of your final grade. Feel free to supplement with drawings and photographs. Topics: 1) your pet or pets, 2) a family vacation, 3) coal byproducts. My Family Vacation, by Rosie M. I wanted to write about my pet but I don't have one, except for maybe Uncle Haymitch, who mommy calls a pig sometimes when she's very mad. Even if I had a real pig, I probably wouldn't be able to say much about it. Pigs are pretty boring. Coal byproducts are boring too, so I guess I'm writing about my family vacation. I never wanted to go on the trip in the first place. I hate the going to the Capitol, and the ceremony made me miss the season finale of The Adventures of Sheep-Boy . I guess it wouldn't have been so bad if we took the train like normal people, but as soon as we got the invitation in the mail daddy ran out and found a car. He didn't actually buy it, just got it off the junkyard guy, who fixed the brakes for free as a favor. He didn't do a very good job but daddy was still excited. Daddy said this about the car: It's beautiful! Just look at that blue! As soon as I replace the windows and have someone look at the engine it will be perfect! We can enjoy the favorite pastime of Panem—road trips! Mommy said this: It's a piece of junk. Just look at that awful blue. All these windows are broken and the motor sounds like a dying cat. This thing will run us off a cliff and we will all die. And don't be ridiculous—no one likes road trips. Rye, my stupid little brother, said this: I like the flames on the sides. Then mommy made daddy paint over the flames. But still, we all got into the car to drive to the Capitol for the Fifteenth Anniversary of National Liberation Ceremony last fall. I had to copy lots of big words off the invitation for that sentence but I think I spelled everything right. The car was really tiny. Mommy said it was the size of a small couch and about as fast. There were two eensy rows of bench seats and no seatbelts. Even Rye was squished, and he was only four then. Daddy had practiced driving for a long time in our backyard then in the driveway then finally in streets around the district when everyone was at work and things were quiet. He knocked over a million mailboxes and flattened some shrubs but eventually got pretty good, so I wasn't worried that we would crash. I did get really carsick, though. Rye and I spent the first five days of travel to District Four puking into bags. When we finally got to Four, Annie gave us medicine that stopped us from getting sick if we took it every day. It was purple and tasted terrible. Annie didn't come on the trip with us. She had promised that she would over the phone, but then when we arrived she had a broken leg. Mommy said that Annie probably faked the whole thing so she wouldn't have to come. Then she said that it was a really good idea and that she wished she had thought of it first. Detlan did come with us, though. Detlan is Annie's kid. He was born just after the war, which is when his dad was killed. I don't really know much about his dad was except he was really famous and very handsome. Detlan says that everyone is surprised that he doesn't look like his father (besides his eyes which are very blue he looks a lot like Annie) and that it's annoying how everyone calls him Finn before they know his actual name. Why people would do this I don't know. Detlan is also a big liar. About two days after we left Four he asked if we could turn on the radio because the quiet "was driving him up the fucking wall". (He curses a lot, but not as much as Uncle Haymitch when he's mad, and not nearly as much as Johanna.) The rest of us were surprised that a car would have a radio and he laughed at us for being hicks. Then I tried to punch him which made him laugh more. Anyway, once we got the radio going, it was mostly static. Detlan said: hang on a second, and then he opened a window and stuck his head out. The static went away and bad piano music started playing. ME: How did you do that? DETLAN: I have a steel plate in my head. It picks up radio signals sometimes, like an antenna. ME: I don't believe you. DETLAN: It's true. I cracked my head on some rocks learning to swim when I was little. My brain would have fallen out if they didn't give me the plate. I could head-butt my way through a brick wall with this baby. ME: Liar. RYE: Yeah, liar, liar! MOMMY: Be quiet back there. I'm trying to read the map. Your father got us lost again. DETLAN: Feel the plate if you don't believe me. Then he pulled back into the car and let me and Rye feel the side of his head for the steel plate. I guess there was a pretty big bump there and the radio really did get clearer when he put his head outside the window, but I still think he's a big fat liar. Otherwise he's okay. He taught me lots of knots and how to spit for distance. The car was even more crowded with Detlan in it. We all took shifts sitting in the front because it had more room, except for daddy who never left the driver's seat because he was the only one who could drive. One time when I was in the back with Mommy and Rye I asked why the roads were there in the first place. I knew all about how Panem was before the war, when no one could leave their district except on the train and then only on special trips for the government, so it didn't make sense for there to be lots of roads everywhere. Mommy explained it like this: After the war, most industry stopped. The Capitol had tried to starve out the districts and the districts had tried to starve out the Capitol at the same time, so almost all crop and grazing land was burned and useless. Most factories were burned too, or blown up, or just didn't have enough people to work them. There was a terrible depression. (I think that's when everyone gets too sad to do anything and the country stops working, but I'm not sure.) Some people even wanted the Capitol back in charge because even though the government had been very bad there had been steady work and wages back then. That idea was getting more popular and the president then, some lady from District Eight, knew she had to do something. So highways were constructed all over the country in an attempt to bring large-scale industry back, giving hundreds of thousands of people good work and good pay. The depression ended and even though times were hard for many years, the economy was stable and things were getting better all the time. I know I missed some words and sentences there, so she didn't say exactly that but it's pretty close. Her actual speech was very confusing but I think I got most of it. Anyway, even though the roads were very nice and smooth, not like the ones at home, we didn't see many people on them at first. There was a little traffic when we got near towns and the district borders, but mostly we were alone. The roads in the west side of Four were cut through this swampy sort of forest and so we were bitten by lots of bugs. Detlan pointed out an alligator by the side of the road once but that was as exciting as it got. We slept in the car and sometimes in motor-hotels when they were convenient. We got gas every few days and stretched and walked around in the empty lots. Most of the places to eat and rest along the road were owned by the government, built at the same time as the roads, so they were pretty grey and boring. We didn't really take breaks or go sightseeing. One day when she was mad because Rye and I had been fighting, Mommy said this was because "your father and I grossly underestimated the sheer size of this goddamn stupid country". It turns out that Panem is really, really big. We thought it would take about a week to get to the Capitol but it took us that long just to get out of Four, so we had to drive basically nonstop if we wanted to be there in time for the Liberation Ceremony. I said we should just turn around and go home but no one listened. So that's how the start of my family vacation went. We drove through a stupid swamp and got bitten by bugs and saw hardly anybody else and listened to music through the plate in Detlan's skull. That's all. Morning Assignment: Continue your semester projects. Write at least two pages, double spaced. We will share out loud before snack. So after we got to District Six we went to a pretty big city near a river and picked up Johanna. She wasn't happy because we were three days late. She said lots of things that I don't think I can put in a school paper and then climbed into the car, threw her bag into the trunk, and took about half the backseat for herself. I still can't figure out how she did this because she's so tiny. Johanna was happy to see me and Rye because she thinks we're cute and likes getting us to tease our parents for her. She gave me a snow globe from District Eight which had a leak and got sticky blue water all over my hands and gave Rye a stuffed bunny which had one eye and no legs or arms. She was trying to be nice. She didn't have anything for Detlan because they got into a fight the last time they saw each other, which was five years ago when Detlan was ten. I think the fight was over who got the last macaroon at the holiday dinner we were all at except for Rye because he wasn't born. They both still have the scars. Nothing happened until that evening when we stopped for dinner at another government rest stop. I got a waffle and talked about The Adventures of Sheep-Boy with Detlan and Rye. The grown-ups were sitting at another table so I didn't notice they were fighting until they started yelling. They fight almost every time they see each other so this wasn't a big deal. Then Johanna threw a mug, which shattered, so the lady running the rest stop made them take it outside. Daddy scooped up Rye on his way out and I guess he expected Detlan and me to follow but we decided to stay inside and finish our dinner. About ten minutes later we noticed that the others had left without us, really left. I just glanced out at