Hello everyone! As I promised, this is the rewrite for Awakening, and things will be a little different. Chapters will be longer, and better, and it will be as different as possible from a certain story it was previously compared to. Also I'm changing Harry's animagus forms a bit. Warnings: there may be lemons, I haven't decided yet, and there will definitely be violence. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter in any way, shape, or form. Only time I'm gonna say it. oO0OoO0Oo "Expecto Patronum!" Harry yelled as he fended of hundreds of ghostly dementors to protect his godfather. A white vapor sprayed from his wand. A white stag entered the clearing and attacked the dementors. Once all of the dementors were gone, he looked down at Sirius and let down his guard. Harry heard something above him, like the flapping of wings, and as he looked up, a massive figure, blacker than the sky around it, let loose a torrent of flames that enveloped him and his godfather. Harry sat up in bed, covered in cold sweat. As he breathed heavily, he realised it was just a dream. He had been having the same dream every night, ever since he found out Sirius was his godfather. It never changed. He never could figure out what it meant, or what the shape in the sky was. Harry got out of bed to look out of his window. It was still dark, and he estimated it was four in the morning. He saw a shape flying towards his window. He was scared until he saw it was just Hedwig, his owl. She was returning from a night of hunting. He opened the window for Hedwig to get in, and once she settled in her cave he closed it back and went back to sleep. Harry awoke to the sound of tapping on glass. He looked at his window, thinking Hedwig wanted in, only to realize Hedwig was asleep in her cage. He looked around wondering what the noise was. His eyes settled on his mirror, which was now set on an old looking trunk. In fact, it wasn't even his mirror. As he looked into it he saw none other than Sirius Black, his godfather, looking back at him. "Hello Harry!" Said Sirius. "Like the gift?" He asked. "The mirror?" Harry asked. "Oh no, not that, it's the trunk underneath it." He said. "Open up the little top compartment." Harry looked at the compartment, which was approximately 1/10 the size of the lid. Harry opened it, and inside sat three rings. The first ring was made of gold, with a red gem set in it. The second ring was silver, with a black gem in it. The final ring was silver with gold in place of a gem. Each one had a different crest etched into the gem. " Those are house rings, Harry. The first one is the Potter house ring, which you can use now. It makes you head of house, and gives you access to all of your house vaults. The second one is the Black house ring, which you officially get when you turn sixteen. The last one is the Peverell ring, which you inherit when you turn seventeen. You can access the rings prematurely if you are emancipated, or recognized as an adult. To put the Potter ring into effect, repeat after me: 'I, Harry James Potter, here by accept the ring of the noble and ancient house of Potter, and in doing so become head of house Potter.'" Harry repeated his words carefully, and the first ring glowed briefly, and disappeared, reappearing in his right hand's middle finger. The compartment with the rings sank into the chest as if it was never there. "Now, open the trunk." Sirius said. Harry opened it to find a small room inside of the trunk. "Take the mirror in there then climb in." Sirius commanded. Harry picked up the mirror and climbed into the trunk, shutting the lid behind him. Inside was a full sized common room, with couches, trunks, and a fire place. He could see other rooms leading of from the main room, such as a bedroom and a kitchen. "Whoa." Harry said. "It's a pocket dimension. Wizard use them for them tents and bags, mostly. It has a bedroom, bath, fully stocked kitchen, and an exercise room, which I expect you to take full advantage of. You're way too scrawny for your age." "Wow, thanks Sirius, now I won't have to deal with the Dursley's. Harry said happily. "Now, there are several, trunks in here with various items. Open the one closest to you." Harry complied. "That one is full of every text book you will ever need for school, as well as a few extra on occlumency and elemental magic." Thanks Sirius, I-." "I expect you to read all of them. You seem to be falling behind in your studies." Sirius said sternly. "Now, open up the next one." Sirius said. Harry opened it and saw it held a tray with potions on it. "There are four potions in there. The red one will restore you to peak physical prowess for your age. The blue one will help to build muscle, but you still need to exercise. The yellow one will unlock any hidden magical abilities and remove any blocks on your magic, excluding the trace. The black one with white electricity running through it is the animagus potion. It will show you a glimpse of your animagus form. It is safe to take them all at once, but it may knock you out for a few days." "What's in the last trunk?" Asked Harry. "It is a full potions kit with detailed instructions. I know how great of a teacher Snivellus is and I wanted you to actually learn. One last thing. The main trunk can only be unlocked with your ring, so nobody can steal from it. Now take those potions, lay down, and I will see you again soon." "Goodbye, Sirius." Harry said, "And thanks for everything." "You're welcome, my boy." Sirius said as he faded from the mirror. "Well, I guess I'll take his advice." He grabbed the four potions and headed for his room. He sat down on the bed, and uncorked the red potion. "Here goes nothing." He said, then he gulped down the potion. He didn't feel any pain, so he continued. He picked up the blue potion and drank it. Same with the yellow one. He felt slightly more powerful as he picked up the black potion. He braced himself, then drained it, barely having time to think before he fell into unconsciousness. Harry opened his eyes and looked up to see a forest floor at night. Even though it was pitch dark, he could see fine. He dropped and unfurled his wings, which caught him in the air. He flew through the trees in search of his reflection. It was then that Harry understood the true joys of flying. Flying on his broomstick didn't even compare to flying on his own. He dodged tree trunks and vines as he flew threw the canopy. Eventually he heard a river, and followed it out to a lake. As he flew over the lakes surface, he saw his reflection in the water. He was a black bat, with a small body and wings that were larger than its body. He had a fox like face and large ears, with bright emerald eyes. Unfortunately flying in the open brought him some unwanted attention. He heard a screech, and saw a hawk chasing him. He flew higher into the air, then dove straight down to the ground. He used all of his skills as a seeker to pull out of the dive and fly parallel to the ground, mere inches above it. The hawk wasn't so lucky. It crashed into the ground, snapping its neck and killing it. Harry flew away into the trees as his dream faded into darkness. He opened his eyes again to find himself lying on a pile of gold. He stretched his wings and tried to stretch his arms and legs, only to find that he doesn't have any. He pulled himself off of the pile and into a clearing, where he flapped his wings and took to the air, flying in search of his reflection. He soared through the air, his long tail acting like a rudder to keep him steady. He flew above the tree tops, snatching a vulture out of the air and eating it. He found a lake at the edge of the trees, and landed in front of it. He looked at himself in the water, and saw a dragon-esque face looking back. He had shiny burgundy scales, and shining green eyes. He had black horns atop his head, and a line of small horns going down his jaw line. His wings had clawed hands at the ends, with three black claws each. He had a serpentine body, that was about thirteen feet long, two feet in neck. On his neck were gills, and in his chest were lungs, so he could breathe above and below water. His tail was tipped in a black arrow head shaped scale. From his fangs dripped venom, and from his breath the water in front of him froze. Harry spread his wings and flew into the air, and turned over to drop into the water. He crashed into the water, and spread his wings to swim. He found he could swim as well as he could fly. He swam into the depths, and he faded into darkness again. Harry opened his eyes again to find him in a hellish land, with a black sky and numerous fires on the ground. It was very shadowy, and the places not lit with fire were dark. Harry saw a mirror like stone, and started to move towards it. Something in the shadows moved, and something large and terrifying stalked out of the shadows. It was tall, with red and black swirled skin, and bat like wings. It charged at Harry, but he sidestepped, and the demon barreled past him. The demon charged again, leaping into the air and bringing down its fist. Harry punched it in the gut as it fell. Harry threw the demon and charged after it, not giving it time to recover. Harry grabbed it by its horns, and twisted and pulled, ripping the demons head off of it's shoulders. With the demon out of the way, Harry continued to the stone and looked into it. What he saw was rather... frightening. He had skin like stone. His face was like an upside down triangle. He had a large crack down the middle of his face like an upside down arrow head, filled with what looked like lava. On either side were beady green eyes. He was about eight feet tall, with human like proportions. He had clawed hands, and his feet were rounded like a boot instead of having toes. On the sides of his arms, legs, and face were jagged spikes. Atop his head were two wicked, curved, and jagged rams horns. His reflection grew fuzzy, and everything faded into black. Harry awoke encased in stone. He felt an immense weight upon his back. He stood, and felt the stone above him crumble. He was standing in the crater of what used to be a large mountain. He was almost as large as the mountain itself. He looked down and saw two massive clawed hands, each as large as a house. He unfurled his wings, both hundreds of feet long. He took to the air, amazed that his colossal form could fly. Not far from the mountain was a sea, so he made his way towards it. He landed next to it, cracking the ground with his weight. He gazed into the sea, and a massive head with many horns gazed back.