I'm new to this soI didn't realize how necessary it is to accept anonymous reviews if you want feedback. And I do! So I've changed my preferences. If you've read this already, there are no other changes. Wingwoman By Theolyn Day Training Camp All her life, she'd wanted nothing but this. Her muscles screamed with effort as she parried a blow to her midsection. Eyes bleary with exhaustion, she focused upon her opponent, watching, reacting, moving without thinking. She did not hear the clash of her sword upon that of her enemy. She did not smell the scent of her own bitter sweat, nor the faint tang of blood from her wounds. She did not notice when the battles around her stilled one by one. She only knew that with each step of this dance she was one step closer to her destiny. This, battle, the next, it did not matter. She kept her dream firmly in her sights, and fought every step as if the balance of her future depended on it. So great was her focus, so complete her commitment to the battle, that she did not even notice the passage of her sovereign. She did not sense his wise blue eyes upon her, or hear his whispered word to her captain, "Enough." Morning The white city Two days later, Lillywyn rose before dawn. She knew something of the Elven magicks, and had used them to heal the deepest of her wounds. Her muscles however, were not so forgiving, and, as usual, they protested being wrenched from their rest. So it was gently that she stretched them, moving with lithe grace about the small space of her quarters. One by one she addressed each of her body's complaints, until her joints felt loose and limber, and she could once again feel each muscle answer her command. Today, she would don the silks and satins of the court, and, disguised as a lady-in-waiting, embark upon her service to the crown. She was finally a woman of the wings; and her life, from this day forth, would be forever changed. Lillywyn left her quarters just as the sun was cresting the horizon, and was only mildly surprised to see the great lady Eowyn waiting for her in the shadows. For five years, Eowyn had been her captain and her mentor. For five years, she had been a friend. And yet, as she stood waiting quietly, Lillywyn was uncomfortably aware that this woman was the same woman who had disguised herself as a man to ride onto the battlefields of Pelleanor. Here was the great legend who had, with her sword, ended the evilest of the Nazgul. Her joints had stiffened, and the gold had given to gray in her hair, but Eowyn was still lovely, in the way of trees in autumn, and from her eyes shone a compassion that had been hard-earned indeed. Though Lilly had trained under Eowyn's gaze for long years, never had their talk strayed from the matter at hand. And so it was shocking to Lilly when Eowyn took her hand, and spoke, not of battlecraft, or of lessons or training, but of more personal matters. "I knew your mother, Lilly. She was a wonderful warrior. So proud to be on the battlefield, so proud to serve her liege. You remind me of her, you know. Not in form or face, but in bearing. And in Heart." Eowyn's eyes were distant now, focusing on an object just out of Lilly's line of sight. "I was with her on her last day, you know, when all was chaos and the end was so very certain. And I saw her make her choice. When the moment came, and she took the arrow meant for her king, she did so with dignity, and a courage that has become rare as our times have grown easy with peace. "I have long considered it my duty to train you as she would have." At this the silken tones of her voice cracked a bit, and then steadied. "She was a friend, Lilly. Do not forget in your passion for your duty that you have need of a friend or two. And know that come what may, you are welcomed at my hearth until my heart's last beating." At that Eowyn lifted her powdered lips to Lilly's cheek. "I could not be prouder of you, if you were my own child. Go forth in light, my daughter." Without further words, the lady Eowyn slipped once again into shadows, and was gone. Morning The Great Hall of Gondor Ellessar. Though he was well into his second century, he was hale and hearty, the blood of the Dunedain running strong with youth through his veins, mocking the shadow of gray that streaked his hair. To Lilly, he looked just as he had in her childhood, when, newly orphaned, Lillywyn had fancied the King as a father to her. He was safe, he was strong, and seemed as permanent as the throne before which she now bowed. But though the years had passed, and though she had spoken with him on occasion during her training, neither familiarity nor the passage of time had dulled the deep well of love she felt for this man. He was everything that she believed in, and to serve him, his family, his country, was the honor she had hoped for her entire life. As if reading her thoughts, Ellessar chuckled, a wry smile playing beneath his greying beard, "Good Morning to you, Dawn Lilly. I welcome you to the hall of your service. Your tutors speak well of your wit, and I myself have seen your skill with the sword. I have watched your training with fist and axe and arrow. And, of course, I knew your mother well." His face darkened for a moment, and Lillywyn imagined that she saw several lifetimes of grief in his eyes. But the moment ended, and he regarded her closely. "You have her nose, I'd say. But you're quite a bit taller than she was, with darker hair and eyes. You are leaner, as well, more delicate. One might even say that in this light, Lilly, you have the look of a ranger. How old are you now?" "I am two and twenty, my liege. And yes, I'm told that my sire was of your kin, one who passed through the kingdom during the rebuilding. My mother told me he was light of foot and swift of sword, and that they danced joyfully for several weeks before he slipped away again like a cat into the night." "Humm," Aragorn said, thoughtfully rubbing his beard, "that does indeed sound like my kinsmen, though we do not easily as a rule conceive children. Did your mother mention your sire's name to you?" "No, my liege." Lilly smiled ruefully, "I think she liked to pretend that I sprung from her without a man's intervention." Aragorn chuckled. "That does indeed sound like Teolyn. What a strange and wonderful woman she was. I am doubly pleased to have her daughter in my service. She would be proud indeed to know of the path you have chosen. In her memory, may you walk it with great happiness. "Few are those who understand what it is that you undertake today, and fewer still those who will give you the credit that you deserve. While I have been taught by long experience never to underestimate the sword in a woman's hand, no matter how delicate its appearance, there are many who will overlook you, at their peril. Thus, you are the final defense of my family, a pledge that I trust you will keep always. " Saying this he pulled his sword from its scabbard, and with no other warning hurtled it down, stopping a mere hairsbreadth from Lillywin's head. Lillywin did not draw her sword in defense, nor did she move, she simply stood, her eyes a well of emotion, and gazed upon her king. "You are my liege," Lilly uttered, her face passive and still, "If it is your will that I should die, then happily will I go to distant shores. But if it is your will that I should live, then I shall do so in your service, and to the end of my days." Ellessar, his handsome face as still as marble, lowered his blade, and said to Lillywyn, "Then give me your oath." And so Lillywyn, daughter of Teolyn, kneeled before him, and took her oath, just as her mother had, to place no duty above her duty to the throne, to spare no life in the fulfillment of her trust, and to loyally serve her sovereigns to the ends of her days. And Ellessar, his hands still steady and strong, looked at her gravely, gave her thanks, gripped her shoulder, and called her friend. It was the proudest moment of her life. The days at her post were many, and for Lillywyn they were joyous. The wingwomen were a small society, but they were carefully chosen to handle the rigors of their full lives. Their bodies were kept battle-ready through daily practice at arms. Their minds sharpened by studies of literature and song. They studied Elven magic, as well as human healing, and learned the secrets of the herbs of the countryside. They lived simply, but their freedoms were, to Lillywyn, compensation enough. And most importantly, there was the sacred trust, the time spent in the company of the King and Queen. For though the times were sweet, and the fields ripe with food and bounty, discontent as always simmered in evil hearts, and many were the occasions when someone sought to end the life of the King of Men. When her turn came to sit in attendance on the King, Lillywyn observed silently. He kept his own council, though he always had a warm word or a kind glance for those in his service. It often seemed to Lillywyn that though the crown sat easily upon his head, Ellessar was never at rest in the great hall. He was ever happier in the fields of his country, or riding through the mountains than he was with matters of state in his hall of marble. But abroad he was no longer in Lillywyn's care, so she treasured the moments when her liege endured the requirements of his office upon the throne. When her turn came to sit with the Queen, it was a different venture. Though she too liked to wander the countryside, and never so much as in the company of her love, Arwen was also quite at ease in the quarters of her home, and it was there that she was most often under Lillywyn's watch. It seemed to Lillywyn that the Queen had great interest in her, and at length, she had told the Queen quite the story of her dreams, her lineage, and the mere 22 years of her life. What a woman of millennium could find of interest in her brief lifespan was baffling to Lilly. And yet, she sensed the interest of her Queen was deep and true, and she loved her all the more for it. Queen Arwen, for her part, told many stories from her thousands of life-years. It was as if she took comfort in the friendship herself. She even shared that which she hid from her beloved, the long grief she held for her departed people, and her never-ending ache for her Ada. And so, between the wingwoman and her Queen over swift months grew the warm familiarity of kin, and a warm affection that many would call love. At length the word traveled over plain and mountain that the mighty king Eomer of Rohan had succumbed to the forces of age and infirmity. This sadness was to be mourned, but he had lived a proud life, and would be eagerly welcomed among the ranks of his departed fathers. And while there