When Gandalf hears Boromir talking to himself and referring to the Ring as 'precious', he takes the man aside and strives to persuade him to ignore the Ring's whispers. Gandalf and Boromir friendship, One Ring and Boromir conflict/friendship. Boromir's free thoughts are 'like this'. The Ring speaking to Boromir is in italics. Thanks to Catching Fireflies for Beta-ing! 'It burns - oh, how it burns ! Like the touch of a flaming brand to the skin, only thrice thousand times worse!' Boromir thought, unhappy. Odd, how his head burned, considering he was in a place that could never be described even as 'mildly warm'. The great mountain of Caradhras had no pity for Elves, Dwarves, Wizards, Hobbits, or Men. 'Especially not Men,' Boromir thought bitterly. The mountain seemed to delight in pouring snow on those who walked it. He folded his muscled arms over his knees and brought them to his chest, making himself as small as was possible for his broad, strong frame. Snow was in his dark hair, matting and dampening it. The cruel wind tore at him as if it wished to peel the skin from his bones. Boromir was wracked with shivers that would suit a small Halfling better than he. His toes were numb with cold, and he greatly worried he had frostbite. But even worse was the aching and burning in his brain. A groan slipped from Boromir's lips as he gazed into the blowing mass of snow that was the sky. He felt slightly embarrassed that he had cried out, in front of all his Company. Perhaps the wind was so strong they could not hear. Perhaps they had all already fallen asleep. Or perhaps they had not. "Boromir!" said the concerned voice of Legolas. "Are you ill? You look quite pale." The Elf trotted in front of Boromir, his feet lightly resting on the unbroken snow. 'Curse the excellent hearing of the Elves!' Boromir thought angrily. "It is naught," he said to Legolas. "Merely a headache. I am sorry for waking you. A fine sentry I make, waking my companions." The Gondorian forced a smile, but he winced. The Elf crouched in front of him, and placed a hand on the Man's forehead. Boromir scowled and moved to swat Legolas's hand away, but he was so chilly he just kept his arms about himself. "You do not have a fever," Legolas told him, puzzled. "I shall wake Aragorn, as a healer he may know what this strange sickness is." He got to his feet and walked off a bit to wake the sleeping Ranger. Boromir sighed, and his breath clouded the patch of air in front of him in a burst of white. "It is naught," he repeated quietly. "Naught anyone can heal," he murmured almost inaudibly. Mere seconds after he said that, he was puzzled. 'Naught anyone can heal? How do I know this?' he wondered. Quiet footsteps and the sound of someone taking long strides through snow alerted Boromir of Legolas and Aragorn's coming. "...is it not most peculiar?" Legolas asked Aragorn as they approached Boromir. "I am not-" Boromir said, "-not in the slightest bit ill." He glared at his two companions. Legolas looked rather perplexed, and Aragorn had an eyebrow raised. "There is no need to shout, Boromir," Aragorn said gently. "And it is for me to decide whether or not you are ill." "I did not shout," Boromir said stubbornly. 'Did I really shout?' he wondered, confused. The Ranger peered closely in his eyes and motioned for Legolas to leave the two Men alone. The Elf nodded in respect to Aragorn, and walked back to the camp. Aragorn sat beside the son of Denethor and he, too, felt Boromir's forehead. It was as cold as the snow they sat upon. Aragorn's brow furrowed in apparent confusion, and he asked, "How do you feel?" "I do not feel ill," Boromir said firmly. 'I shall not admit my weakness to him!' he thought angrily, and curled in on himself even more tightly. "You told Legolas your head ached," said Aragorn. Boromir sighed, and the air was fogged up again with his breath. "I have remedy for such aches." "I do not need help, nor will any such offerings do me good in the least," said Boromir. "Still, perhaps..." Aragorn started, but suddenly his voice was blocked off by a screaming pain in Boromir's head. He felt his hands go to his temples and press against them, and a moan came from his mouth. The pain was unlike anything he had ever experienced. It was as if his brain was spitted over a fire, being charred! When he heard a voice, he almost thought it was Aragorn speaking. But it was not- the voice was whispering and screaming at the same time, violent and soothing in a way Boromir did not understand. Boromir of Gondor, you are worthy... 'Indeed I am worthy, but of what?' thought Boromir through the pain. More than worthy to carry me upon your finger... 'Who are you that you shall speak that way? Your voice is familiar...' he thought. He could not think of who might be speaking to him. His finger? Carry them? The voice sounded calming to him, though it hurt his head so. Take me! Take me for your own! "No!" Boromir shouted aloud in dread, realizing then the source of the voice. "Never!" The voice and the blinding pain ceased, and he found himself staring into a pair of gray eyes that were so alike his own he was startled. "Boromir?" asked Aragorn in a slightly fearful tone. "What is the matter?" Boromir saw Aragorn's hand resting firmly on his shoulder, and looked at it with doubt. "Perhaps I shall rest," Boromir said. "I am sorry; I know it is very early in my watch, but I believe this pain is causing me to hallucinate." He did not believe his own words. He knew what he had heard. He knew the cause for his pain: the Ring. "I shall take your watch," said Aragorn, letting go of his comrade's shoulder. He looked concerned. "Do not worry." "I thank you," said Boromir. He got to his feet in a bit of a stagger that seemed almost drunken and walked back to the camp. With every step closer to the Ringbearer, he realized, the pain lessened, until it was not there at all. Boromir's face betrayed his thankful weariness, and he laid down under a rock shelf to sleep. But, he realized, the Ring's whispers grew more insistent and louder. He fell asleep listening to the Ring telling him, I love you . When he woke up, he believed it. The Fellowship trudged on in the snow, Boromir's limbs helping form the path. He stood directly beside Frodo, and could barely keep himself from answering the Ring's whispers aloud. I am yours, it told him. He smiled. 'It is funny,' he thought. 'I only smile now when I am around the Ring...' "Boromir!" cried a Hobbit's voice. The Man spun around and realized he was far ahead from the group. "I told you: we are stopping for supper!" He saw who was speaking: Meriadoc Brandybuck. Boromir attempted a smile, but it was only brought on by the Ring's words, still in his mind. "My head was elsewhere, Merry," he said. "I apologize." He noticed Frodo was staring at him and raised his eyebrows. The Halfling suspects something of you and I! the Ring warned Boromir. I do not care for him. Only you. Boromir smiled again and walked over to the Company. "How fare you, Frodo?" he asked in a friendly tone. One of his eyes was on Frodo's face. The other was on the Ring. So small! So lovely, like a circlet of sunlight. Boromir longed to slip it onto his finger- strike down anyone that did not wish him to! "Fine," Frodo said. His voice was suspicious and a bit nervous. "Thank you for asking." The Hobbit looked down from the Man's gaze. Boromir sat down on a slab of rock and pulled smoked meat from his pack. He raised it to his mouth and started to tear at it with his teeth. He felt undignified, but when one is on a quest, one doesn't necessarily need to dine with silverware or a platter. The rest of the Fellowship was talking among themselves, laughing and discussing lighthearted things that made Boromir want to pitch everyone off Caradhras. He felt so separate from them all of a sudden- so lost, so different. "I wonder," Boromir said under his breath, "if perhaps I have lived so long under the Shadow of Mordor that I have become a part of it." The thought unsettled him, and he had to force himself to swallow his food. Boromir felt a bit ill at his own thoughts. Suddenly, the Ring came out from under the folds of Frodo's cloak. Boromir's eyes widened and his mouth started to curve into a smile. It was so beautiful, so stunning... You worry for naught, Boromir, said the Ring soothingly. The words felt like a caress to his brow, and he shivered as if gentle, cold fingers were touching him. If you do not have your Fellowship, you shall have me. "Yes," Boromir said, now not as discomforted. The Ring's words were a lullaby to him, but instead of him being tired, he was more alert than ever. You and I shall be together forever, should you take me from the halfling... "That I shall!" said Boromir excitedly. He felt oddly numb. It was a strange feeling, but he ignored it so he could better focus on the Ring's words. "They care not of me, only of my strength so I might defend the Halflings. But you care of me." His voice sounded confident and content. Indeed, said the Ring. There was almost a smile in its beautiful voice. Come, Boromir. I am so near. You have to only lay a finger on me, and the Hobbit shall surrender to your strength. When you wield me, your Fellowship shall bow at your feet. Boromir thought about that. He thought about proud Gimli and that infernal Wizard kneeling to him and felt glee in the pit of his stomach. "I shall." Why not now? Why- It was the first time the Ring's voice had broken off in speech, and Boromir felt concerned, as if the Ring was a human that might need tending to. "What is the matter?" Boromir whispered. "My..." He could not think of a term that would suit the Ring, so he kept silent. Hush. The Grey Wizard listens. I must cease this conversation, Boromir. The Gondorian felt like wailing in protest. Without the Ring's words, he would be lonely and so desolately lost again! "Do not leave!" he said. I will merely be quieter. Remember... if you but come close and snatch me... "I will," vowed Boromir earnestly. "My..." he started again. A word popped into his head. A perfect word: "My... precious." Before the Ring could say anything more, or Boromir could think another second of his precious Ring, someone hauled him to his feet and started unceremoniously dragging him from the camp. "Release me!" Boromir yelled. All he could see was gray robes, and he growled in frustration. 'Gandalf! Always poking his nose into other people's businesses!' Boromir thought bitterly. "Mithrandir?" asked Legolas's voice from the direction of the camp. "What are you doing?" "Boromir and I have matters to discuss," Gandalf said. "Aragorn, defend the camp if necessary." Boromir fought against Gandalf's grasp. He felt snow creeping down his boots and tunic. The Wizard marched through the snow swiftly. As if someone had struck him, Boromir felt a sudden surge of pain in his head. He stiffened, and a wordless, undignified yell came from his mouth: "Aauughh!" He frantically tried to free his hands from Gandalf's grip. "Gandalf! Why do you drag me about!" he