Switches between Boromir and Aragorn's POV. The two met before the Council of Elrond, but in a way that didn't suit either of them. I know it says Boromir arrived in the "gray morning" and that Aragorn was introduced to him during the Council of Elrond, but I tweaked that part. Yes, Boromir does do more than his fair share of blushing. I wanted it to be kind of like a bad habit for him, like nail-biting or twiddling your thumbs. This is a oneshot. Thanks to Catching Fireflies for once again Beta-ing! The son of Denethor bent his head respectfully to the Lord of Imladris. "I am pleased that you have accepted my presence, Lord Elrond of Rivendell." Bowing his head, Boromir still felt like he was towering over Lord Elrond. Elrond was much shorter than he would've imagined by the other Elves' descriptions of him. Although he was shorter than Boromir, Lord Elrond had an unnerving knowing quality about him the Man knew he himself lacked. "You are welcome to take a meal in the dining hall, Lord Boromir," said Elrond. His gray eyes pierced Boromir's own, and he looked as if he was reading his soul. Boromir inwardly shuddered at the expression of scrutiny, but outwardly nodded. "I shall do so. I thank you once again," Boromir said, taking his leave. He found the dining hall purely by chance. He heard lilting Elven-voices and fought both a scowl and a smile of wonder off his face. He himself did not care for Elves. He was biting back a smile for his brother. How Faramir would love to see this place! he thought. Comforted by the thought of his younger brother, Boromir stepped inside. Aragorn sat down on a chair beside his bed as a bath was drawn for him. He felt weary and completely exhausted. His long legs that had given him the nicknames 'Longshanks' and 'Strider' were aching in such a terrible way he wished he could chop them off with a sword. He was covered in dirt and sweat from his journey with the hobbits and Glorfindel to Rivendell. He did not sit on his pristine, white bed, because he knew it would become extremely dirty. Lord Elrond had walked in on him drawing his own bath and was taken aback. "Estel," he had said, "you must get used to not doing everything yourself, if you are to be King of Gondor." Aragorn did not think he could live up to the title of King, but he supposed not being so independent would help. His foster father had gotten an Elf to draw the bath for him. Aragorn did not argue with Elrond's hospitality. The Elf that drew Aragorn's bath was not known to him, so he sat quietly as they chattered on about something-or-other. Words went in one ear, out the other. Suddenly, a word caught in his mind. 'Gondor.' "Gondor?" he asked. "Would you be so kind as to repeat that?" The Elf turned from Aragorn's bath to look at the man himself. "I was saying, I can only hope that the Last Homely House should be hospitable enough to a Man of Gondor," the Elf told him, hands busy at work. Aragorn settled back in his chair, keeping the towel tight around his waist, and raised an eyebrow. "A Man of Gondor?" he said. "I assume you are not speaking of me." The Elf laughed merrily, adding scented oil to the bath. "No, I am not. Your bath is ready." The Elf stepped out of the way to the marble tub. Aragorn walked toward it, dropped the towel, and slid into the warm water. He gave a quiet sigh of happiness, though dirt quickly clouded the pristine water. Gentle warmth flooded through his body. He only realized how much he had missed the Last Homely House as soon as he was in his bath. Aragorn had not had the delight of a warm bath since he had stayed at Bree. "Who is this 'Man of Gondor'?" asked Aragorn to the Elf. He took a bar of soap and started scrubbing the dirt off himself. "Boromir son of Denethor the Steward," answered the Elf, pulling up a stool beside the bath. "He seeks counsel from Lord Elrond, and will be present at tomorrow's Council." Aragorn's hand froze, and the soap nearly slipped out of it. "Indeed," he said after a pause, and resumed his scrubbing. He felt rather troubled. How would this Steward-son react to him? Would he laugh in his face? Would he spit at his feet? Would he -and Aragorn banished this thought to the back of his mind quickly- kneel at his feet? "He does not seek the last of House of Elendil, to my knowledge," the Elf said. "Although he has mentioned Isildur." Aragorn set his mouth in a grim line as he attempted to clean his hair. "Isildur's Bane, to be exact." The Ranger felt his stomach contract. Though this Boromir most likely did not know it, Isildur's Bane was around the neck of a Halfling, right in Rivendell. "Does he seek to take Isildur's Bane to Minas Tirith?" asked Aragorn. "He knows it dwells here," the Elf said. "And, if I may say so in present company, the minds of the race of Men are corrupted swiftly." "You may say so," Aragorn said. "You are suggesting that he shall attempt to take the Ring?" The Elf looked down at Aragorn with a raised eyebrow. "I said naught of that." "You spoke of corruption," the Ranger said. "The Ring corrupts, it ensnares the hearts of many. When near it, I can hear it whispering to me, and I must admit, it is a challenge to not be corrupted by it." There was a small silence. Water dripped from Aragorn's dark, sodden hair into the tub-water, and small splashes hit the sides of the tub. Finally the Elf spoke: "Quite a somber topic for a night of feasting and joy." "Indeed," Aragorn said, "But it soon shall be a topic spoken of by all of Rivendell." As he resumed soaping himself, he silently worried about the Steward's son. About his attraction to the Ring that he may or may not be able to fight, about what counsel he sought, and about what Boromir might think of his King. As the water-glasses were replaced with liquor-glasses, Boromir inwardly felt delighted. As he had eaten his meal, he was astounded by the lack of alcohol. Back in Gondor, at every meal excepting breakfast, he had a deep glass of wine. He had been slightly concerned for himself, thinking that the Elves simply never drank any alcoholic beverages. When a liquor-glass was set in front of him, Boromir raised it to his mouth and took a large gulp. Suddenly, he throat felt like he had just attempted to breathe fire. The poor Man gagged on the Elvish liquor, and he spat it all over his plate. The water-glass being gone, he kept coughing up the stuff until he felt as if he could go through the proper motions of breathing again. Looking up from his plate, Boromir saw all that most Elves were staring at him. His face turned hot, and he knew he was blushing terribly. His ears and neck felt hot also, and he uncomfortably fiddled with his shirt collar. One of the Elves -Boromir remembered he had introduced himself as Glorfindel- laughed, his own glass held in his hand. "Do the Men of Gondor never drink?" "Wine, yes," Boromir gasped hoarsely. "Liquor, yes- what is this brew, anyway?" The Lord Glorfindel laughed again, and Boromir felt himself turning even redder in mortification. "This is straight Elven liquor, Lord Boromir. Of course, I am not laughing at the fact you cannot properly indulge in it, for that matter I am sympathetic. I am laughing because you looked like young Estel taking his first drink." Several other Elves laughed with him. Boromir did not know who Estel was, but the words 'first drink' made him more than a bit irked. He took his glass in his hand and inhaled deeply, enjoying the cool air. Then he poured all of the liquor in his tall glass down his throat. Boromir felt his gag reflex again as the alcohol went down, but he managed to keep it in check. He pressed a hand to his collarbone as he swallowed the last of it, but he did not cough it back up. There was an appreciative clap from Glorfindel, who, by the tinge of his pointed ears, had drank a fair amount of liquor himself. "Very good, Lord Boromir! Perhaps there is hope for Gondor after all!" Another collective laugh from the Elves. "Indeed there is!" Boromir shot back as his glass was refilled. He downed that, too, just to spite the Elf-lord. His head felt very foggy, and his stomach felt like a battle was being fought in it. "Perhaps you should not drink that much, Boromir," Glorfindel said. Boromir startled, realizing Glorfindel had moved to sit close to him. He realized he had not been paying attention to his surroundings, and he laughed. I thought only Faramir could daydream like that! he thought to himself. "Ah, I will be fine!" he said. "I have had a long journey here, and this comforts me." "If it does so, then feel free to indulge," Glorfindel said. That was around when the fog in Boromir's mind overtook him, and all he knew was that he kept drinking. One of the things Aragorn always remembered about his room in Rivendell was the smell. It was like pine boughs, and it was everywhere. Even burying his face in his pillow, Aragorn could smell it. It was soothing, and it reminded him of the Wild somehow. He laid face-first, sprawled out, on his bed, tired limbs upon the cushion of his mattress. The fabric of his dressing-gown was warm and comforting. A smile of pleasure was on his face. He felt like a small boy again, settling down for a night's sleep in those very same chambers. If he closed his eyes, he felt as if he was in a boat, rocking side to side in a peaceful way. As if he was in a boat that smelled of pine, floating over the great Sea... Aragorn was jolted out of his near-sleep by loud, unsteady footsteps. He sighed into his pillow. His first thought was that it was a Dwarf. He had promised to meet with Gloin of the Lonely Mountain, but his promise had been for them to meet after the Council. When the footsteps ceased for a split second, he nearly fell back to sleep. And suddenly, something fell onto him! Something falling with all of its weight, something with hair, something with flesh. Aragorn was pushed right off the side of his bed with the force of it. He fell smack dab onto the stone tiles on his backside, and he bit back an undignified yelp of pain. That was sure to bruise. He looked up angrily to see who had incited such an incident, and found... What was that, anyway? It surely was not a Dwarf or a Hobbit, for it was twice their size. It looked as tall as he himself was. It was not an Elf, for it was quite muscular. Was it another Man? Aragorn stood up with a wince and looked over the figure that had all but jumped on him. His eyebrows crept up his forehead. Indeed, it was a Man- and one with Numenorean blood, nonetheless! The Man had dark brown hair down to his shoulders, much like Aragorn's own before it started to become streaked with gray. He had light skin and was very muscular. The Ranger could not see his face, for he was lying upon it. Aragorn was reminded of someone all of a sudden. But no, it couldn't be! he told himself. What a