If you have read my SYOT then you probably realized that I really enjoy Victors. So much so that I have decided to tell their stories. It starts with the 76th Games and will go until the 150th...if I finish. Which I hope I do because I've had this idea for a while. I know there are a lot of Victor fics out there and this may not be 'original' but I want to do it...so there. Obviously this is an AU which is also the same universe as United. Anyways I hope you enjoy meeting these people because I really like creating them. :) xXx It has been four years since the 75th Hunger Games. The Rebellion was a hard fought battle but in the end, the Capitol still prevailed. Many of the rebels have gone into hiding and no word of insurgence has been spoken in that time. All of the Victors of the Pre-Rebellion era have been executed except for one. A pregant, Annie Cresta of District Four was kept alive as an example of the Capitol's mercy. The government and it's members were cleansed. A new President was elected, Tiberius Pennilo. Many of the citizens in the Districts saw this as a sign of the end of the Hunger Games because President Pennilo had not spoken of any intention of renewing them. Until last summer that is, the Capitol was bored and blood thirsty. They wanted the excitement of the Games back. Out of fear of a Capitolite Rebellion, President Pennilo reinstated the Hunger Games. Districts One, Two, and Four reopened their Academies to try and train tributes before the next year. As for the people in the other Districts, all they could do was wish that they wouldn't be Reaped. Now with new Gamemakers and Announcers the 76th Hunger Games are ready to begin. xXx Tributes District One- Male: Garnet Shields, 18 (8) Female: Chanel Russeau, 17 (9) District Two- Male: Tytan Mackey, 17 (7) Female: Valerie Clux, 16 (7) District Three- Male: Chip McArthor, 15 (5) Female: Marie Styles, 18 (6) District Four- Male: Seaton Hurst, 18 (9) Female: Sandra Barnes, 16 (7) District Five- Male: Lewis Carswell, 14 (5) Female: Bryte Lumen, 16 (5) District Six- Male: Zin Fields, 13 (4) Female: Misha Bitsu, 17 (6) District Seven- Male: Oliver Downes, 18 (6) Female: Mariposa Summers, 12 (4) District Eight- Male: Collin Banks, 16 (5) Female: Amira Deville, 15 (5) District Nine- Male: Farah Heigel, 12 (3) Female: Kareen Pollis, 18 (7) District Ten- Male: Holden Fennon, 16 (6) Female: Bella Mason, 12 (3) District Eleven- Male: Billo Sexton, 13 (5) Female: Minnie Griffith, 16 (6) District Twelve- Male: Jaxon Henten, 17 (8) Female: Nina Mendez, 14 (4) xXx Day One The twenty four tributes rise up in a large clearing of a redwood forest. The towering trees shield out most of the sunlight. The ground is clear of brush and the land is flat leaving a lot of empty space. This will make it hard for the tributes to hide and will make for a quick games. The tributes know that it will be hard to survive without any supplies so most will run to the Cornucopia. The countdown comes to an end and the tributes race off their plates. The only tributes to run away are Bella, Zin, Lewis, and Amira. Twenty tributes rush forward. Valerie Clux is the first at the Cornucopia she picks up a bow and arrow and starts to shoot. Her first arrow meets it's target, Holden Fennon. Holden Fennon, 16, District Ten- Arrow shot into chest by Valerie Clux, D2 By now more tributes have made their way to the horn. Seaton Hurst picks up a spear and flings it into the District Five girl's chest. Bryte Lumen, 16, District Five- Speared in the chest by Seaton Hurst, D4 The small District Nine boy, Farah sneaks deep into the horn and grabs a serrated knife and backpack. He turns around to leave and is faced with Collin of Eight. Collin reaches down to grab a sword but Farah is quicker. Farah jumps onto Collin and plunges the knife into the boys neck. Collin gurgles out a cry for help. This gains the attention of Chanel who just entered the Cornucopia. She takes out a throwing knife and throws it into Farah's forehead. Collin Banks, 16, District Eight- Throat stabbed by Farah Heigel, D9 Farah Heigel, 12, District Niine- Knife thrown into forehead by Chanel Russeau, D1 Outside, the tributes scramble to grab as much supplies as they can carry. Sandra goes over to Chanel to help her guard the entrance of the Cornucopia. Valerie and Seaton use their long range weapons to kill any tributes trying to get away. Valerie finds a boy running away with a green backpack. She takes aim and shoots. Chip McArthor, 15, District Three- Arrow shot into the back of the head by Valerie Clux, D2 Valerie spots the girl of Twelve take off into the woods, she shoots an arrow and it misses. Valerie curses under her breath and she chases after Nina. Garnet and Tytan march around the horn taking out tributes with their swords. They get to the backside and find an alliance of three; Oliver, Kareen, and Misha. The Two Career boys charge at the group of girls. Oliver holds an axe and Kareen has a large dagger. Misha is weaponless and runs away. Oliver throws his axe and it hits Tytan in the leg causing him to fall. Kareen swings with her dagger to protect herself and Oliver. Garnet is much stronger and better trained. He easily evades Kareen's attack and uses his sword to cut her arm. Kareen screams and drops her dagger. Garnet impales the girl in the stomach with his sword. Kareen drops to the ground and almost pulls Oliver down with her. Kareen Pollis, 18, District Nine- Sword plunged into stomach by Garnet Shields, D1 Oliver stumbles and falls backwards on the ground. Garnet raises his sword to give a killing blow and Oliver moves his hands to protect himself. Mariposa in an effort to save her District Partner throws a hatchet into Garnet's back. Garnet looks back and yells, "You're going to pay for that you little rat!" Mariposa yelps and takes off into the woods. Garnet then shoves his sword into Oliver's chest before falling to the ground himself. Oliver Downes, 18, District Seven- Sword plunged into chest by Garnet Shields, D1 Garnet Shields, 18, District One- Hatchet thrown into back by Mariposa Summer, D7 Valerie still chases after Nina Mendez. "You can't run forever!" Valerie yells. Nina weaves through the large trees trying to get away. She stops behind one to catch her breath. She covers her mouth with her hands to cover the noise of her breathing. "Come out, come out wherever you are!" Valerie stalks quietly bowstring taunt. She steps around a tree and gives a devious smile, "There you are." Nina screams and jumps away from the tree. "Why don't you pick with someone your own size?" Valerie flinches at the deep voice from behind her. She turns around to find the massive boy from Twelve holding a sword in his hand. Jaxon swings his arm up and quickly slices through the Distrct Two girl's throat. Valerie collapses to the ground and pool of blood already forming around her. Jaxon runs deeper into the forest. Valerie Clux, 16, District Two- Throat sliced by Jaxon Henten, D12 A few moments after this. Minnie of District Eleven runs through. She only managed to grab a bag from the outskirts of the Cornucopia before running away. The bow in Valerie's hands is a true blessing. Minnie grabs the bow and it's ten arrows and keeps running. At the Cornucopia, Sandra and Seaton find the injured Tytan and drag him into the Cornucopia to fix his leg injury. Nine cannons go off to signify the end of the Bloodbath. Chanel finishes checking around the Cornucopia for lingering tributes and enters the horn, "Garnet is dead, and I don't know where Val is," she says. Seaton looks up from wrapping Tytan's leg, "She went after the girl from Twelve. I'm sure she will be back any minute." "Well, let's stay in here tonight. To help let Tytan rest and wait for Val," Sandra says. Fifteen tributes are still alive. Lewis and Zin run together to the north and decide to settle on the bank of a rolling river. Jaxon caught up with Nina and asked her to be in an alliance with her. She reluctantly agreed. All of the other tributes were on their own and decided to rest for the night in various spots. Most of these places were in the roots of the large redwood trees. That night the faces of the dead tributes were shown. The Careers weren't very shocked to see Valerie's face since she never returned. They were surprised that Nina's face didn't appear. Meaning that Valerie died before she could get Nina. The Careers decided to rest for the night and hunt for tributes in the morning. Day Two Marie from District Three was the first awake the next morning. She managed to grab a ball of wire from the Cornucopia, a delicacy for any District Three tribute. She spent most of the day crisscrossing the wire between the large redwood trees. Marie would need more supplies or sponsor gifts for her plan to work. Amira woke up to a growling stomach. It had been over twenty-four hours since she last ate. She didn't grab anything at the Cornucopia and is regretting her decision now. She believed that the Careers would be out hunting and wouldn't be at the Cornucopia. Amira jogs back to the clearing. She peeks out from behind a tree. All of the supplies has been moved inside the Cornucopia. She searches for any movement and doesn't see anything. She sprints across the clearing and runs into the mouth of the horn. She makes it to the large pile of boxes and starts opening them to look for any food. "What are you doing here?" Amira squeaks at the sound of Tytan's voice. The Careers left him there because of his injured leg. Amira grabs the nearest bag and turns to run out of the horn. In a desperate attempt Tytan throws his sword. The handle hits Amira in the back of the head. She falls to the ground. Tears stream down her face. Tytan manages to stand and hobbles towards Amira. Amira crawls on her hands and knees as fast as she can. Tytan grabs a spear leaning against the wall and throws it as Amira gets up to run. The spear soars through the air and impales Amira in the back. She falls back to the ground, coughing and sobbing. To end her suffering Tytan grabs his sword and pierces it into the back of her neck mumbling, "I'm sorry." Amira Deville, 15, District Eight- Neck impaled by sword by Tytan Mackey, D2 The rest of the Careers walk through the woods looking for any tributes that they could find. Around noon they decide to take a break to eat lunch. They take out the protein bars and beef strips that they brought and started to eat. They had searched all day and hadn't spotted a tribute yet. Which was strange since the forest was so open. "I think we should split up to cover more ground," Sandra says in between bites. "How are we going to do that? There are three of us, and I don't want to go alone out here," Chanel answers back. "Why...are you scared to be by yourself?"Sandra sneers back. "I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself. It's you I'm worried about honestly. You didn't even get a kill in the Bloodbath." Sandra gathers up her bag and grabs her trident. "I'll meet you guys back at the Cornucopia at sundown," and with that