To write Twilight fanfiction or to not write Twilight fanfiction? that is the question. And fortunately (or unfortunately, depending on how good this) I have decided that I shall! Twilight is a forbidden fruit for me, so I almost didn't write this- But alas, here I be. This little gem came to me while I was out for a drive jamming to some music and I thought about Jake and the boys and what silly things they would come up with. And this was born. All human. I read through this and hopefully fixed the mistakes in grammar. Let me know if I've missed anything. ... "Oh. My. God. I can't take this anymore. We've been here for two hours and the only thing we've done is watched you tune up the Rabbit and talk about how hot Bella looked yesterday. We need to do something." Said Quil. Jake leaned away from the cars engine and sighed. "And what exactly is that? Talking about your newest made up girlfriend? You know who I'm talking about Embry, the chick from Canada?" Jake said grinning at Quil. "Screw you man, Bianca was real. She had knockers this big." Quil says using his hands to gesture the unrealistic size of his fake girlfriends assets. Embry laughs, "Yeah, just like Claudia was real. You remember him talking about her right, Jake?" Jake puts his finger to his chin and pretends to think. "Wasn't that the one who lost her top at the beach and flashed Quil in exchange for his shirt?" Embry and Jake both burst into a fit of (totally manly) giggles. "That's exactly the kind of behavior I would expect from a couple of sexually frustrated virgins." Quil exclaims throwing grease rags at both of his friends, who easily dodge them. "Oh please, the only action you see is in your dreams." Jake said getting back to his engine. "I may be sexually inexperienced, but I've got ladies in the bank my friend. I just have to decide which is the lucky one that's gets all of this." Quil says gesturing to himself. "Yeah, your spank bank. If you lose your virginity before senior year I think I'll have a heart attack." Jake replies, his eyes barely leaving the machine in front of him. "Whatever," "Very witty," Embry jokes. "So, what was Bella wearing yesterday at the beach?" Quil goaded Jake. Bella was a sensitive subject for him, they've been best friends since they were in the crib and Jake thought he was in love with her. Jake calmly set his wrench down on the bench and lunged after Quil, the two wrestled for a moment before Jake had him in a head lock. "Odd or even?" Jake had a hold of Quil's leg hairs. Quil struggled in Jake's hold trying to get away. This was how conflict was usually solved amongst the three boys. Wrestle a bit, get the upper hand and play Odd or Even. Jake usually went for the leg, Quil played dirty and went for the arm pits. "No! I'm not playing!" Quil screeched struggling some more. "Got a guess Emb?" Jake asked with a wicked smile on his face. Embry chuckled, "I say even," "Quil, if you don't guess I'm gonna do it until you do. Odd or even?" Quil quit struggling and sighed, "Odd," he said dejectedly. In a quick movement Jake yanked on Quil's leg hairs and let him go. Quill yelped out in pain and rubbed at the tender skin of his leg. "Ha ha! Six hairs! You lose Q!" Jake stood and helped Quil stand up. "That was fun and all, but this is ridiculous. It's Saturday and we're here in this stupid garage. Let's do something!" Quil said throwing his arms in the air dramatically. "Like what?" Embry asked. Quil thought for a moment before snapping his fingers. "A scavenger hunt! My cousin got married last summer and her and her brides did a scavenger hunt for her bachelorette party, we'll come up with our own ideas though. Oh and we should have everything done before the bon fire tonight." The other two boys thought about it for a moment. "I guess that could be fun, let's write some stuff down." Jake said cleaning off his hands. He grabbed a pen and paper and sat on the floor. Nothing seemed too outrageous, but Embry was a little worried about #6- "Kiss Bella Swan". (He was surprised Jake didn't throttle Quil for suggesting that) Embry and Bella didn't have many conversations; Embry was insanely shy when it came to girls. And especially when it came to Bella, he has had a small crush on her since she blew back into town last summer. She was sweet and sassy and wasn't afraid to call the boys on their crap. And out of respect for Jake, Embry never sought out Bella's company. Even if his nerves would allow it. She always seemed to be there though, his silent companion while Jake and Quil were busy being Jake and Quil. Truth be told he didn't even want to try and complete that task. What if after he kissed her he did something stupid, like ask her to marry him? No thanks. "I don't know about number 6 guys, I mean, isn't she always hanging out with that Edward guy?" Embry asked trying to not let his voice squeak. Jake made a noise of disgust, "He's been circling around her for a few months, last I heard he was too much of a pansy to make a move. Number 6 stays. Except I will kill both of you if you succeed." Jake said glaring daggers at his friends. Quil ruffled Jake's hair, "Stop trying to look menacing, you just look like a constipated puppy." Quil said laughing as Jake swatted at his hand. "Whatever lets go," Jake said picking up the paper and climbing into the car. #1- Take a picture with a stranger (without them knowing) Jake drove to Port Angeles under the guise that the town was bigger and would be easier to complete the tasks. Except for stupid number six. Embrythought. Jake parked down town and Quil pulled out his phone, Jake decided to go first. They walked to the pier where the tourists hang out and Jake walked up behind an older man in a Hawaiian shirt. Quil got the phone ready and Jake pretended to be grabbing the dudes butt. They walked around town for a few minutes when Quil spotted a younger woman walking in front of them. He gave his phone to Embry and then started dancing behind her while they waiting for the cross walk. Embry almost forgot to take the picture because he was too busy trying not to laugh at Quil, who was actively thrusting his hips and pretending to spank the poor woman who had the misfortune of standing in front of him. Embry took the picture of Quil mid pelvic thrust. Embry decided to take a more subdued approach. He stood behind a little boy and put his two fingers up giving the kid bunny ears. "C'mon, Emb, that was weak sauce!" Quil exclaimed slapping Embry on the back. "I expect you to step it up for the rest of this." "Yeah, yeah." He grumbled. #2- Steal a piece of silverware from lunch The boys wondered into a small but crowed cafe and got a few sandwiches for lunch. The table was preset with cutlery so it didn't look too suspicious- they were only eating sandwiches after all.- They gave each other a serious look then picked their desired utensil- a fork for Jake, a butter knife for Quil and a soup spoon for Embry- and slowly stuffed them in their pockets. Embry nervously looked around but everyone was too busy with their own meals to pay attention to the three Indian boys. Embry and the boys let out a small sigh of relief. Which brings us to.. #3- Dine and dash Quil sat back after he finished his sandwich and rubbed his full belly. "That was the best sandwich I'm not going to pay for." He whispered. Embry rolled his eyes at him. The friendly middle aged waitress came to the table and set down the bill, smiled at the three boys and went on her way. Quil sat for a second, covertly glancing around the room before he rose from his seat gracefully and slowly made his way to the exit. Jake took a last drink from his soda before he too stood up and shuffled out of the diner. Embry at there for a moment. It wasn't as if he wasn't having fun with his friends, but this was still stealing. The money for this had to come somewhere; he might not have the best relationship with his mother but he understood what it was like having to live off her tips from the diner she worked at in Forks. Embry looked out to the front to see if Jake and Quil were able to see him, they had gone around the corner when they exited the cafe. Embry pulled out his wallet and left some cash to cover the tab, and set the spoon back. When he made it outside and to his friends he tried to look as guilty as possible. Quil and Jake both lightly punched his arms while they hoot and hollered. "I didn't think you'd do it Emb! You do have some balls after all!" Quil said poking him all over his chest. Embry didn't correct him and he didn't feel guilty that he didn't actually follow through with the dine and dash. #4- "Do you have a little Indian in you?" "You guys are just begging to get arrested aren't you?" Embry asked Jake and Quil as they stood in the food court of the mall eyeing up potential targets. "Shut up and just be cool for once will ya?" Quil said flippantly. "Relax, Emb. No big deal." Jake said trying to lighten up the mood. "I'm pretty sure sexual harassment is a very big deal. She could have a boyfriend, you guys would get your asses handed to you." Embry snickered. "Shut up, look there's a cute one. We go one at a time, but stay out of sight so she doesn't see you." Quil said pushing Jake and Embry behind a fake tree. "Who died and made you the boss of us?" Embry asked shoving Quil back a little. "I'm the one who came up with the game. Just do it my way. Can you still see her?" Jake and Embry looked around the tree a little and still had a clear view of the girl at the table. She was reading a book and looked like she didn't want to be bothered. "Ok, I'll go first." Quil puffed out his chest and walked to the table. They couldn't quite hear everything he was saying but she invited him to sit with her. After a few minutes of them talking and laughing they heard Quil clear his throat and nervously say "Hey, you don't by chance have a little Indian in you, do you?" The girl looked at him with a confused look on her face before she answered in the negative. "Would Uh, would you like there to be?" Quil blurted out. It took the woman a moment to understand what he was saying before a look of disgust crossed her face and she reared back her hand and slapped Quil on the cheek. Quil quickly grabbed his face and made a hasty escape and back to his friends. Once the shock wore off Jake and Embry erupted into boisterous laughter. "Yeah, well I'd like to see you guys get through that ice queen." Quil said still holding his cheek. Jake shrugged his shoulders and then made his way to the table. He didn't wait for be invited to sit. He introduced himself