Author's note: This is the sequel to my story " Solar Flare " (s/12085878/1/Solar-Flare), so please read that first – otherwise this won't make much sense! . . . . . . . . . . Prologue As nervous as I am for what comes after, our upcoming wedding thrills me every time I think about it—which is most of the time. Bella is still keeping the news under wraps, though, which makes this period of limbo almost as terrifying. Alice's lack of understanding on both counts makes me especially grateful to have Carlisle and Esme to confide in. My fearless sister thinks her visions of Bella accepting the ring after graduation and our successful honeymoon should ease all my worries—overlooking the fact that she wouldn't see if Jacob manages to change her mind until he has changed her mind. As much as I believe in Bella's love for me, Seth's inside knowledge proves my worries are justified. It took Jacob two and a half weeks to accept not only that he's in love with her but also that he'll do all he can to make Bella accept it, too. For that reason, I am immensely grateful that Bella shares my desire to spend as much of the day together as is physically possible. There is only one exception: when she is at work. After she decided (perhaps wisely) that it was best I didn't go with her again, I turned to my new friend to help ease my anxiety. Seth and I quickly got into a routine; I pick him up in the Vanquish from wherever he happens to be and we go cruising. Passing the time with Seth makes the hours without Bella easier to bear, but his connection to Jacob means the mess of that rivalry often intrudes on our mutual cheer. Jacob hates that Seth tells me all his thoughts, and I hate that Seth is stuck in the middle, especially when he is so good at arguing my case. He has even tried to assert that I've imprinted on Bella—and she on me—but Jacob doesn't believe me (or any vampire) capable of such transformation. Sam is also doing his best to convince Jacob that he's only making it worse for everyone—Bella included—but Jacob won't even listen to his alpha. So it causes tension within the pack, too, as he makes an effort to hide his thoughts and plans from them. And I can't entirely blame him for not giving up; after all, he has a strong argument. I am going to kill her. In fact, if I were him, I would be a lot more proactive (although the apology he carved into a dozen wooden sunflowers was irritatingly effective). His conviction that she would've been open to a relationship with him if I had stayed away—even if I'd not returned home till a couple of weeks later—hurts because it feels entirely plausible. If he ever found out that she speaks his name in her sleep… But thinking about that would drive me insane, so I focus on Bella's happiness and the exhilarating truth that she has chosen me . . . . . . . . . . . One: Pioneer Five weeks after my return, as soon as the weather starts warming up, our classmates propose a trip to La Push Beach. Alice sees the discussion on our way to school and confirms that the weather will be overcast, so I confidently announce my attendance the moment the plan is raised. Bella glances between me and Alice, who is clearly frustrated that she can't come with us, then she smiles at me and pats Alice's leg consolingly. Being able to go along this time—regardless of whether or not Jacob shows up—delights me for a number of reasons. Most importantly, Bella doesn't have to either stay behind with me or go without me, I can save her from the scratches she got last time, and the fact that I am now allowed on Quileute land still thrills me. On the way to English, Bella teases me for my excitement. "I can catch you before you fall," I explain, giving her the reason that means the most to me. She smiles, and it's clear she's already thought of that. "We can explore the deeper pools," she enthuses. I nod, looking forward to that, too. "It's been a long time since I explored rock pools. As you may have guessed, I don't visit many beaches." "You don't just go at night?" she asks curiously. I can't help chuckling. "I hadn't thought of that," I admit. She makes a face. "You hadn't?" "In my defence, I go underwater when I want to see sea creatures, so a beach is basically just bare sand, and even at night, it can be risky where there are people around." She seems somewhat mollified by my apparent oversight, so I shift the topic slightly by describing the various, stunningly beautiful coral reefs I have explored around the world. I wait until the evening before the trip to tell Seth about it, out of respect for Alice. Even so, the moment I tell him, the day disappears from her sight—and she wastes no time complaining about it. I let her vent, sympathetic to her frustration, because her complaints are not directed at me, or even at the wolves, but rather at the inexplicable failings in her otherwise "unrivalled" gift. Mike is almost crosser than Alice when I pull up outside Newton's Outfitters. We picked up Angela and Ben on the way and no one else dares to accept the last seat in the Volvo, so Jess, Conner, Tyler, Lauren, Eric, and Katie Marshall (a junior who lives around the corner from Bella) all pile into Mike's van. Bella and Angela chat most of the way to La Push, and Ben and I contribute as required. It's a pleasant trip, and I'm in good spirits as I look forward to seeing Seth—even though Jacob is bound to be there, too—so it catches me a little off guard when Ben suddenly starts worrying about me fancying his girl, because of the lie I told to inspire jealousy and provoke him into asking Angela on a date. Through his eyes, I realise that Angela's watchfulness on Bella's behalf could be mistaken for the same sort of revived interest Lauren and Jess have displayed since I returned—and Angela and I have shared a number of smiles this morning, because both of us are particularly happy today (she likes the beach, too, and she's happy for Bella). When I can't help smiling at her the next time she smiles at me, Ben clenches his fists and tries to figure out how he might fight me for her affections. I briefly debate ways to ease his needless jealousy—the obvious solution is to admit that I did it deliberately, but how can I explain knowing their feelings when they hadn't told a soul? If Ben realises that Bella is the "lab partner" whom I said told me of Angela's feelings, he might tell Angela, and I don't want her to think that Bella had been talking about her behind her back. Perhaps the simplest solution is the best one: being even more overt in my love for Bella. And then I start hearing Seth's thoughts and stop worrying about everything—even before I realise that Jacob isn't with him. Bella eyes my broad smile with amusement, and then Angela notices it and is intrigued by my exceptional cheerfulness. She thinks she has never seen me look so genuinely happy—for the first time, the emotion in my eyes truly reflects the smile on my lips. Seth is currently striding through town, with Emily, Paul, Rachel, Jared, and Kim straggling along behind him. Quil Ateara Jnr has just phased (which is why they weren't at the beach waiting for us), so Sam, Embry, and Jacob are helping him, otherwise the three of them would have come along as well. It's interesting hearing both the change in Paul's thoughts since he imprinted on Rachel—his mellowness is extraordinary—and Rachel's and Kim's minds for the first time (although I've seen plenty of Kim from Jared, so she doesn't exactly feel like a stranger), but Seth's thoughts are still most captivating. The main news is Quil joining the pack, but alongside that, Seth also shares some thoughts about Leah and his mother, who were smiling and even laughing together at breakfast this morning. Leah is getting better at controlling her phasing, and she's been spending more time with Sue. Seth is so happy that they're finding it as easy as they are to rebuild their relationship, which had been strained to breaking point after Sam's apparent betrayal (followed by Emily's) and their parents' defence of his 'choice'. At the beach, Mike and Tyler lead the way to an already-assembled driftwood arena 30 yards from the surf. Bella and Angela gravitate to one of the larger logs, so I sit on Bella's left, just up from the end to leave a free space for Seth. As he draws near, he considers initiating a 'secret handshake'. I turn my head slightly to the side and back to say no , so he settles for a fist bump. "'Sup, bro?" he says, grinning at me. Then he looks at Bella. "'Sup, Bells?" he says, with a jerk of his chin. She repeats the gesture. "'Sup, Seth?" she replies, also grinning. Our schoolmates are surprised to see me so smiley with someone other than Bella and my family, and intrigued by our easy familiarity. Mike is peeved. At the first opportunity—basically as soon as Seth introduces himself and then points out the others as they catch up—he asks after Jacob. Bella tenses and Jared and Paul glance at me, exposing the awkwardness of the subject, but Seth fields the question almost effortlessly. "He's off doing something," he says casually. "Didn't say what." (Because he didn't need to say anything.) "So he won't come by later?" Mike presses, not letting it go. "Doubt it," Seth retorts, before pointedly eyeing the suddenly uncomfortable boy. "Why? You come here specially to see him ?" Paul and Jared snort, and my lips twitch despite my ongoing discomfort. Mike is tempted to retaliate with something, but he's too afraid it'll backfire and make him look even stupider—and too afraid of Seth and his friends (and me, though he doesn't like to think that he fears me). When he doesn't reply, the latecomers refocus on finding somewhere to sit. Seth decides that the space beside me isn't enough (and he wants to tease us), so he encourages Bella to sit on my lap and then shoves me along as he sits down. She flushes a little, embarrassed, but obliges him. I wrap my arms loosely around her and she drapes an arm over my shoulder. I wish we were both wearing warmer clothes—she will get cold before long—but I can always suggest we go for a walk, so it's not really a problem. And having her in my arms is as nice as it is useful; our classmates have never seen us look so comfortable with each other. I am loath to find anything good out of my senseless departure, but it has certainly cured me of my thirst for Bella's blood. Seth and I are too intriguing for the others to start up their own conversations, so we can't say what we want to (even though Seth is eager to know if I could hear him before he left home—he thinks I should be able to hear him from anywhere in La Push). But he has a ready-prepared, ordinary question about something he is curious about. "You ever been surfing?" he asks me, knowing Bella hasn't. When I shake my head, he is a little surprised, despite half-expecting that. "It's fun !" I should've brought my surfboard . "I don't go to beaches very often," I