Chapter 1 Yay. My first day at Forks High. I'm really not looking forward to this. All the overly helpful guys whose thoughts are just too vulgar, all the bitchy girls who play nice just long enough to find out if you're cool, all the teachers who have too many inappropriate thoughts about some of the students.. Tomorrow is going to be a long day. I'm up, showered, fed and dressed early for school. Charlie, my dad is heading out the door on his way to work. He's the town's Chief of Police. He and Renee, my mum, split when I was a few years old, and until a week ago, I've been living with Renee in Phoenix. She got married a few months ago, Phil's great for her. I'm really happy for them, but living with the newly married couple is kinda driving me insane, so I chose to live with Charlie and finish my last two years of high school in Forks. Renee didn't want to let me go, but understood why I made this choice. The two of us are really close. She can read me almost as well as I can read her, sometimes I think she can read my mind too. Renee's really more intuitive, almost empathic. She can understand what someone is feeling almost by looking at them. Not like Phoebe on Charmed when she starts getting a new power, or Prue when she's given it by that demon. Its subtle, but I swear she really is empathic, not just a good body-reader. I didn't really want to leave her either, but I don't want to hear all the lust-filled thoughts racing through her and Phil's heads. It was bad enough when they were dating, then he moved in with us. I tried to ignore it, but then gave up and decided it would be best to give them some time to get over it. I'm going to visit over the holidays and call regularly, but I still miss them a lot. 'Have fun at school today hon,' Charlie thinks at me as he races to his cruiser, he's nearly late. I laugh a little as I clear away my breakfast dishes. I've been to visit Charlie every summer since we moved away from here, but I don't know anyone in town. He's a lot like me. We're both quiet, feel awkward around strong emotions, like the simple things. I'm glad I can't really read his mind. With everyone else I'm wishing for an off switch, but with Charlie I can relax. Different wiring or something. To me he sounds like a radio set to a neutral station, just a heap of fuzz. It took a little practice, but he learnt how to send specific clear thoughts through to me if he needs to tell me something. I pick up my bag and head out to my truck, locking up the house on my way. I can't wait to see Jake this weekend. I kinda wish I could've gone to the rez school, or for him to be at Forks High. I'm great friends with a lot of the Quileute boys from the reservation 15 minutes up the road in La Push. I spent most of last week visiting Jake, Quil and Embry and passing tools as they fixed up my new truck and Jake's pet project vee-dub rabbit. I love hearing the old legends. And thanks to Old Quil's memories of his grandfather, I know that the wolf parts at least are real. Only Jake, his father Billy, Old Quil and Harry know I read minds. Jake and I get a lot of laughs out of Quil and Embry sometimes, and we've been hanging out so long I'm surprised they haven't caught on yet! I'm just around the corner from the school now and I can hear everyone's thoughts. They all know there's a new kid today, the Police Chief's daughter. Some of the guys already think they love me, its ridiculous! I pull in and find a space, groaning as everyone stops to look at 'the new kid'. I ignore them all as best I can and make my way to the building marked OFFICE. The older lady behind the desk is just finishing putting together a little folder for me with a map and schedule and slips that need singing and other bits and pieces.. Huh, perfect timing. She looks up just as I close the door behind me, "Hi, I'm Isabella Swan. I'm new here," I say. 'She's prettier than her mother,' she thinks. "Well, welcome to Forks High. I'm Mrs Cope. Your father was very happy when he heard you were moving here for good, he hasn't shut up about it. The whole town is excited to meet you," she informs me kindly. I blush, both from her previous thoughts, and at the idea of all those people thinking about me. "Oh, well, thanks," I say, and back out of there as quick as possible. Three steps out the door, 'Damn! She's sex on legs!' "Hi, you must be the new girl, Isabella. I'm Eric." Eric grabs my folder out of my hands, 'I wonder if she'd go out with me?' "Welcome to Forks High. I'll show you where your home room is, if you want?" he asks. 'Please say yes,' he thinks. Hmm, wistful thoughts, but not repulsive. Seems nice enough. "Okay," I reply. "Hey, same as mine. And your first class is with me too," he exclaims. "Cool." Most of his thoughts go towards school and his friends as we walk to class. Through the first few lessons of the day I'm bombarded with the usual curious, lustful, jealous, etc thoughts of the other students. I made a few 'friends' too; helpful Eric, bitchy Jessica, lost puppy Mike, joker Tyler, slutty Lauren.. What really surprises me most is the last member of this group.. The very quiet, polite Angela, who has the sweetest and most selfless thoughts I've ever heard. By lunch I have a headache and I'm sick of everyone looking at me, thinking about me, Mike's fantasies about me. I'm tired and slightly nauseated. I look around the lunchroom, and that's when I notice them. There's something very different about them. As I get my food and take my tray to the table with Jess, I keep my eyes on them. I look each one over carefully. I'm intrigued and start listening in. The blonde god keeps thinking about resisting the temptation, but his thoughts don't let me know what this temptation is, then he switches track and starts thinking about the pixie beside him, Alice. Married!? I think to myself, at this age? His eyes flick to me for a second. 'Hey Edward, new girl's looking.' A shockwave hits as I realise he didn't say that out loud!? I can't hear a reply, but the answer register's in Jasper's mind. 'Yeah, so?' Another shockwave as I realise that I can't 'hear' Edward. His lips barely move for a fraction of a second and then I hear it through all of their minds, 'Something has her seriously shocked, and a little confused.' he told them. They all glance over at me and I look away quickly, but not quick enough.. They noticed. Once I can see that they're not looking anymore, I turn back and try to covertly observe them while keeping up with Jess's chatter. 'Do you think she knows?' one of them asks. I hear the word 'Vampire' echo through all of their minds. Vampire!? The legends! That's why they looked vaguely familiar, I've heard their descriptions in the old legends. 'She just had a surge of awareness, more shock,' Jasper thinks at Edward, 'What is she thinking?' Oh sweet goddess! Another mind reader! Shit! 'Dude, she's panicking! What is she thinking!?' Jasper demands. Again, I focus on Edward, but I can't hear a thing. His answer comes through the minds of the others, 'I don't know, I can't hear her.' A massive surge of relief floods through me, and after a few seconds of stunned silence the thoughts of the others turn slightly panicked. Jasper's mind suddenly goes into military mode, thinking of ways to 'get rid of the threat' but I can also tell he doesn't really want to kill me, he's just scared for the safety of his family. Alice's thoughts are random flashes that I can't make sense of. 'Edward, I can't SEE her!' she nearly screams in her head. 'What do you mean you can't SEE her?' echoes through them. Another stunned silence, then the big bear Emmett says So, Eddy can't hear her, Alice can't see her, but Jasper can feel her?' Edward, Alice and Jasper all nod their heads slightly. A mind-reader, a seer and an empath. All vampires. Oh Great, I think sarcastically. 'Who cares, she's just a stupid little human. Get over her already!' thinks the other one. Ouch! That hurts. I turn a little more so I can see her. By Emmett's thoughts, she's his fuck-buddy, no serious relationship, just fun. I gasp as my eyes rake over her. She's amazing! Oh lord and lady! I want to fuck her right here and now! I don't even hear the others anymore. My whole world has disappeared and refocused around that goddess. I want to run my fingers through her long golden hair, I want to kiss my way down the flawless skin of her face and neck, I want to cup those perfect breasts in my hands… my thoughts start running away from me and I don't care about stopping them. Just then I feel someone holding my shoulder, shaking me. I look up into Jess's face. "Are you alright? Are you asthmatic? Do you need to see the nurse?" she asks. "Huh?" I look at her confused, then I see my face in her mind as she replays my red face and heavy breathing. I blush, embarrassed. "No, I'm good." It's a good thing she's so self-centred, she turns the conversation back to planning a trip to First Beach in La Push on the weekend. Apparently that's what they've talking about the whole time, but I was too focused on the vampires to pay any attention to the 'humans'. 'If she comes down to the beach with us I can take her off for a fuck in the woods.' I shudder and grimace. Mike is disturbed, I think to myself. "So, are you coming with us?" Tyler asks, "to First Beach. Its in La Push," he explains, imagining a make-out session in the back of his car. Yech. I'll probably already be there with Jake and the gang, so I say I'll meet them there. After lunch Lost Puppy Mike offers to walk me to Bio, since we're both headed there. I grudgingly agree, trying to act nice and ignore the dirty thoughts running through his mind. After introducing myself to the teacher he directs me to the last empty seat in the room.. Right next to Edward. He's looking at me like I'm an exceptionally hard puzzle. Considering that I already know he's a mind reader and can't hear me, I smirk at him. Halfway to my seat a fan blows past me and tangles my hair up. I catch it and try to smooth it. When I look up again, Edward's eyes have gone black and he has a murderous look on his face. I pale. OH CRAP! I think. They thought that maybe I know what they are. And I do. But they don't know how I know. Is that why he looks like he wants me dead? To protect his family? If they decide to do anything I could run to La Push. There may not be any wolves anymore, but if they're the same family they should respect the old treaty. I sit down next to him, trying to keep myself calm. He may not be the