Bella starts at forks high, friends with the pack, over her first few weeks there the pack starts phasing and ditching her and the others who haven't phased. Bella goes on a date with Edward to try to make Jake jealous, on the night that Jake phases. Bella and Jake have a fight and she runs to the Cullens for comfort. Edward is head over heels in love with her, and she is adopted into the family as friend and sister and learns their secret, but her heart is still Jake's. Edward tries everything he can to win her heart, but its not working. Bella finds out that the pack is now a Pack which pisses her off. She gives in to Edward and things get REALLY steamy between them. Some nomads come across the Cullens playing baseball and find Bella with them. They want her and attack. Bella barely survives. Jake finds out that Bella knows what the Cullens really are and is sleeping with Edward anyway. Bella and Jake get into a massive fight over it. Bella phases and she's a giant black panther. Jake calls Renee and finally gets her to confess to a drunken one night stand with a random man after her and Charlie had a fight during their honeymoon in the Amazon. that's it so far Alright, in this story, Bella has spent every summer except the last two in La Push with Jake, so she doesn't 'forget' him when they drop off the car the afternoon that she gets home to live with Charlie. And the last two summers Charlie brought Jake with him to Phoenix to see Bella. As a result, she already knows him and is friends with all the soon-to-be pack members, and already knows all of the tribal legends (since her and Charlie are considered family by most of the Quileute's) even tho they don't really believe them. Jake is already in love with her. I'm speeding up the phasing a lot too. AND… The biggest part is that Charlie and Renee know something about Bella that could change everything! Chapter 1 - The Pack Comes Over for Dinner The flight from Phoenix felt longer than the 4 hours it was supposed to be, and I was grateful for a breath of fresh air before jumping onto my connection to Port Angeles. Then came the hour long drive home with Charlie. We didn't talk much, but it was a comfortable silence. After all that travelling, I was glad to dump my bag in my room and run to the shower. Just as I was jumping out, I heard a beast of an engine turning into our driveway. I looked out to see this massive red rust-lined truck pulling up with a bunch of people jumping out of the tray. It was the Pack. We call ourselves that after the old tribal legends about the Quileute's being descended from wolves. None of us really believe that, but the name seems to suit us just fine. And even tho I'm not a native, I'm still an honorary member. I quickly dried off and threw on the first clothes to touch my hands; a pair of ripped jeans and an old grey hooded sweat shirt with my ratty white and red runners. I may not care about fashion and shopping, but I do have some good clothes, but I only wear them for school or going out.. Hanging with the pack can get dirty, hence the rags. I ran down the stairs, stumbling a few times, and fell into Jared. "Damn! You look a lot more than a year older!" I exclaimed as Jacob helped untangle us. "Yeah, talk about mega growth spurt," he joked. "Where's Leah?" I asked as we made our way to the lounge room. There were seven of us in the Pack; Jared, Seth, Quil, Embry, Jacob, myself and Leah, but she wasn't always with us. Seth looked slightly sickened as he answered, "Probably with her boyfriend Sam." And now it seems she'll be here even less. "Hey, keeps the bitch out of our hair!" Embry cheered. "Language," Charlie cautioned, as he walked past, hanging his gun belt next to the front door. "You don't hear them when he sneaks over at night," Seth grumbled. All of them shuddered at the thought of a naked Leah. "Charlie!" Jacob called, "can we stay for dinner? We brought our own food." "And a few movies," added Quil. Charlie walked back in, "Um, sure. What've you got?" he asked. Charlie was a horrible cook and seemed eager to avoid that particular catastrophe tonight. "A bunch of frozen pizzas and the X-Men Trilogy," Quil answered. "Trilogy? I thought there were 4?" Charlie said, confused. "There are, but I don't count the Origins one." "I'll go grab the food out of the truck," Jared said. I was just sitting there, enjoying the noise of the Pack, enjoying my view of Jake, damn he's filled out over this last year! Has he been working out of something? "Dude! I just remembered! How are we getting home?" Seth called. "You drove here," I pointed out. "Yeah, but it's yours. Jake's been working his but off re-building the engine in time for your home-coming," Embry said. I just looked at him, speechless. "Um.." "Yeah, your dad bought it off my dad real cheap, so you could get around by yourself instead of him driving you everywhere in the cruiser," Jake said, and I shuddered at the thought of turning up for my first day of school tomorrow in the police cruiser. They all saw it and laughed, but Jake looked hurt. "Jake, its not the truck that's bad, it's the thought of getting out of the cruiser at school tomorrow in front of everyone. The truck is great! I defiantly need a beast of a car to survive in this town, you all know how accident-prone I am," I assured him. That earned another round of laughs from everyone, just as Jared walked back in with a ton of grocery bags full of frozen pizza and soda. Our oven was only big enough to cook two pizzas at a time, and it seemed that the Pack's already huge appetite had gone into over-drive, as every slice was snatched up almost the second they came out. The boys had brought 20 pizzas! 10 lots of two at 20 minutes each was going to take forever, so we settled in to watch the movies as we waited for the rest of them to cook. Charlie joined us, and even with 6 others in the tiny lounge room he didn't have much trouble finding a seat.. We were all on the floor in one big twisted puppy pile. From a stranger's point of view it could look like a big pile of gay guys with a female friend, or like I'm a big slut and the guys are my harem, but that's SO not it. All the guys are perfectly straight, and I'm not involved with any of them (although I wouldn't mind Jake). Its just that we're all so comfortable with each other that we don't care, as long as hands stay away from 'personal' areas. All of us use each other as arm rests, pillows, foot rests, or whatever keeps us comfortable. I laughed out loud as I remembered one time when we were waiting to watch a movie in Port Angeles. Quil and Embry had their arms around each other, faces real close, as they planned their next prank and an older couple walked past, just as they got to us Jake and I we could hear them whispering about the 'gay' guys and too much PDA. Jake and I had almost wet ourselves laughing. Jake moved his arm tighter around me.. 'mmm' I thought, 'maybe I should tell him how I feel?" Nah! No way! Its only my first day back and I've got my first day at a new school tomorrow, enough stress for now. "Whatcha laughin' at?" he whispered. "Just the time the old fucks called Quil and Em gay." Having heard us, everyone but Charlie laughed too. Charlie just shook his head. "Kids," he mumbled and went to get the next lot of pizza. Many hours later, the movies and pizzas were finished and Charlie was snoring loudly in his room. I picked myself up and started collecting the mostly unused plates. "Hey Bell," Jake said, "what time do you finish school tomorrow?" "Um, 3:30 I think," I answered, "why?" "We finish at 3, and its only a 15 minute drive, why don't we come pick you up?" "Great idea!" agreed Seth. "Yes please," I said. I'd almost forgotten about school. "Great welcome home present by the way," I added, "sending me to my first day at a new school with only.." I looked at my watch, "2 hours sleep." "No problem," Quil answered, "Yeah, glad you like it," Embry added. "Great," I mumbled to myself. "So I'll see you all at the end of school then?" They all said they'd be there, so I kicked them out, changed into my p-j's and settled into bed. But all I could think about was how the boys had to walk all the way home, and how they'd go at school tomorrow. And how I hate meeting new people. You may not think it with the way the Pack and I are, but I'm really shy and easily embarrassed unless I'm with someone I've known all my life. And clumsy as hell, I hope I don't have to do anything in gym tomorrow, being my first day and all. Chapter 2 My alarm woke me and I groaned as I rolled over, reaching to shove it off the nightstand. I heard Charlie call out a goodbye on his way out the door, probably hearing the alarm and knowing that I'm awake now. I had a quick shower and changed into a plain dark green zip-up hoodie over a black t-shirt and my dark jeans with my plain black converse. I threw my hair up into a ponytail as I raced to the kitchen and grabbed a granola bar off the bench then headed out to my new truck. I was right, it was a beast. And damn was it loud! And now that I'm moving, I'm glad I left early.. The Beast goes to a maximum of 55mph. Doesn't matter too much to me tho, I don't like going too fast. It took about 5 minutes to find the school, and I pulled into the car park just in front of the building marked 'OFFICE' I jumped out and had a look around, there were mostly just a bunch of standard hand-me-down cars that parents passed on to their kids when they got themselves a new one. But over in the far corner, there was two cars and a motorbike, that even I (who has no knowledge of cars despite Jake's attempted lessons) could tell were hugely expensive. A ginormous black and silver Jeep, a cherry-red convertible, and whatever the bike was, well, I was sure it would have Jake drooling. I walked into the office and, blushing, introduced myself to the secretary, whose nameplate read "Ms Cope" She handed me a schedule and a map, then with a highlighter, traced over the fastest routes between my classes. I thanked her and left, immediately bumping into a guy with black oily hair, bad complexion and olive skin. "I'm Eric," he said, "you must be the new girl, Isabella Swan?" "Bella" I corrected him, as I blushed and nodded. Great, everyone already knows I'm here, knows who I am. 'Thanks dad,' I thought. "Which home room are you in?" he asked as he grabbed my schedule , "cool, same as mine." he started walking, and since it was supposedly the same room I was going I followed him. He started pointing out people and chattering