"Moon lace?" Gaea didn't bother looking back at her visitor. Instead, she took the delicate night flower in her hand and crushed it. She'd been having short bursts of consciousness since her sons had escaped Tartarus triumphantly, she wasn't going to waste them on prideful heroes. "You know what your job is," she told him, her voice resonating through the ground. "Succeed and you shall have your revenge." "And if I fail?" A dreamy smile passed along her face. "If you fail, you shall face The Seven." "I'm not afraid of a few silly mortals!" "Don't forget you were once like them, and it's pride and your hunger for power that got you killed" The god balled his fists. "It was Hera who got me killed!" He walked closer to the goddess, an instinctive attempt at intimidating. "It was all the Olympians" "Don't forget that said Olympians give the responsibility of fighting their wars to their mortal sons and daughters for a reason," Gaea wavered as exhaustion once again washed over her. "Don't underestimate The Seven" "Why do you insist on keeping them alive?" His tone was as low as hers now. "Why didn't you killed them when you had the chance?" "There's rules that even I have to abide to, but you should not underestimate me either, young one." She smiled again, as if thinking of something pleasant. "I am everywhere and everything that you walk upon on." "Do you actually believe this is all I have to offer? Even as I speak to you, I'm ordering another army to attack, whispering into someone else's ear." The god pouted like a small child. "Then why put me -one of your greatest soldiers- to such a simple task?" "Don't questions me Hercules," her time was almost over, "do as I say, kill their loved ones, and retrieve your vengeance." Sally Jackson dryly hummed to herself and she watered her small garden. Her eyes stung when it was time to spray the delicate moon lace that her son had brought almost two years ago. "Percy," she sobbed, "where are you?" The blossom had started to lose its beauty since he'd gone missing. Now, it was almost dead. Sally felt that if she let it die, he'd never home back. She believed in bad omens, and this one bothered her the most. She abruptly stopped when she heard the door to her apartment open. Paul isn't supposed to come back so soon. "Paul is that you?" She walked through Percy's room to the kitchen and found no one. "Honey?" "Sorry," spoke a voice behind her. He didn't sound too sorry. "But maybe you'll find that I'm much better looking than this Paul." Outside, the first petal of the moon lace fell off and drifted away towards the busy New York streets. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. "He's sorry!" Percy flinches when he hears their cackles. The wound piercing his chest makes it hard to breathe so all he can taste is blood. He's dying. He didn't know what he was doing. He's dying. "Feel the pain of all the ones you have brought suffering upon, Perseus Jackson," they order. They're horrible, gruesome hags and for a second he mistakes them for The Fates but there's too many. "Did you actually think you could kill as you pleased with no consequences?" He didn't even stop to wonder. He never looked back. "You're as bad as all of them," he feels one's lips on his ear but hears the echoing voice all around. "You're the worst of the lot." "No!" Suddenly he's at his cabin. He's not in Tartarus; he's flying in the Argo II. He's not dying. He presses his head against his pillow, clammy with cold sweat. It's been thirteen days since his friends rescued Annabeth and him from that hell hole, but he's dreamt of it every single one of those days. Most of the time he can't breathe, he can still feel gorgon's blood coursing through his veins. But it's not the poison that kills him. It's the lie. Percy Jackson, savior of Olympus. Percy Jackson, selfless hero. It's all a lie. How had he been vane enough to believe it? It wasn't his bravery that got him out of there; it was Bob's and Damasen's. It was Annabeth's brains, it was Nico's kindness. He was neither brave or kind nor smart. He never was. As much as he hated what Tartarus and Gaea had done to him, he hated how scared he was. He could still hear his sword clatter to the ground at the sight of the big black pit himself. That painful knot of fear never left him. It was with him now, always. But the crew all looked up to him. They could've been ten times the leader Percy had ever been thought to be. Jason had been praetor far longer than Percy and even with his sudden Greek flare, leadership came easily to him. Frank was already doing a spectacular job. Still, he seemed to be looked up as the leader. Every single member of the crew seemed so incredibly powerful to Percy, more deserving of the respect he's given. They didn't need him. So why was he still alive? Annabeth? He sighed and sat up. As he shuffled into some sneakers –he already slept clothed, just in case any monsters attacked- he decided to wake up Annabeth. It's not like she'd been getting a lot of sleep either. She was probably up planning a plan for the plan she'd already planned. Counting sheep didn't really help his girlfriend. "Is that you, Seaweed Brain?" He didn't even have to knock before she called out. "Yeah" "It's open" As predicted, she was laying on her back staring at the ceiling. Her eyebrows furrowed letting him know she was in fact coming up with a plan. With an impending war, those were never enough. He slumped beside her and immediately reached for her hand. "Can't sleep either, huh?" "Nope" "We should really figure this out," he mumbled. "We're not at our best when we're sleep deprived." Annabeth turned her head to stare at her boyfriend. "What?" She shook her head. "What?" "You sounded just like Jason, that's all" It was Percy's turn to stare at her. "How exactly did I sound like him?" "You were all like we must think of the others, we cannot be anything less than fully functional." "You're definitely sleep-deprived." She laughed. Hearing that made Percy's neck a little less stiff. "You two are a lot more alike than you think you are." "I don't know," admitted Percy. He'd never really thought about it. "Are you saying that because he's been acting weird lately?" "Partially" "He seems less...wound tightly" "Exactly" "He seems less-" "Roman" Maybe Percy wasn't the only one considering a different camp. Maybe he was a bit like Jason. "Yeah" "Well, Roman or Greek, Jason's a good guy," Annabeth said. "Since when are you best buddies with Jason? Last time I checked, he made you kind of nervous." "That's because Hera swapped him with my boyfriend," she explained, "I've gotten to know him better and -if Piper trusts him- I should too." "I trust them." "You'll trust anyone that'll shake your hand, Percy" "They've both saved my life plenty of times." Why did Annabeth think he was so naive? "It'd be selfish of me not to trust them" "That's not what I meant." Percy sat up. "Then what did you mean?" "I-" It was hard to talk with those intense green eyes looking at her. She'd seen Percy angry plenty of times, but now she couldn't help but remember how he controlled the poison, how he almost didn't stop. He scoffed and got up. "I'm going to get some practice. Try to rest" Fifteen minutes later, Percy was at the stables. Riptide drawn at his side. As he leveled his sword with the horribly battered dummy he'd built the day before, he pictured the cursed arai. This time your blows won't hurt me, he told himself. For some reason, Percy always found himself thinking of Clarisse La Rue back at Camp when he fought. He remembered how she tore her own dummy down to pieces the summer of The Battle of the Labyrinth, her anger. Never had he imagined he would sympathize with Clarisse, but he understood. He understood anger now and the realization scared him. Gaea had called him a pawn and that's exactly what he felt like. That's exactly what he was. Now, Annabeth was calling him naive. He'd always had a problem with trusting. He did it too fast, he cared too quickly. But for Annabeth to just point it out like that made him mentally flinch. He wasn't twelve anymore. Those type of mistakes weren't allowed anymore. He moved past the ruined piece of hay beneath him and continued to attack and jive until his mind was simply thinking of slicing. Training had always cleared his head, it was also one of the first things he found was good at. Percy was a good killer. There was a small prickle at the back of his neck, he tensed. "Hey Perc-" "WHOA!" Percy's fingers where around Jason's throat, blade leveled with his nose. Immediately, he retreated. "Sorry." He didn't realize he had been breathing so hard. Jason looked at him, eyes surprisingly full of concern. "I should've knocked or cleared my throat or something. My bad." Both boys stood in a silence too awkward to break for what seemed like an eternity. Jason was the last person he wanted to see. Finally, Percy's ADHD got the best of him. "Did you need something? Or-" "No, I was just-," he cleared his throat, "walking around." "Oh." It suddenly struck Percy that he'd never actually had a proper conversation with Jason. Not alone at at least. Jason's a good guy, he heard Annabeth telling him. "So, you're practicing?" "Yeah" "Want some company?" Jason took out his own sword. "I haven't practiced in a while myself." Percy chewed his lip, hesitant. "You should probably take advantage of the few hours you have to sleep." "Fine, then we should both crash." They both knew what Jason was doing. Percy was slightly annoyed by it. He didn't want to be taken care of, especially not by Jason. He didn't have anything against him, but the way he could just selflessly offer help to others made him cringe. Maybe he was jealous, or maybe he was just on edge these days. Either way, the pity wasn't appreciated. "I always wanted to be taught by a roman." The blonde smirked. "I've heard nothing but praise about your teaching skills." In an instant their swords had connected. Jason looked like he wanted time to analyze him for a bit longer, but that's how romans fought and Percy couldn't help but dive in. He had him cornered five minutes later, but Jason spun out of the way and almost got him just as quick. They continued like that, each swerve made Percy feel lighter. This was a simple problem with a simple solution; fighting just for the purpose of getting better. It'd been a while since he'd done that. Actually, he probably hadn't done it since he was twelve, with Luke. Two friends practicing. Last time he was at camp, he was the one teaching. Even then the campers looked at him the way the crew did. It didn't really bother him if the admirers where thirteen-year-olds that had a hard time wrapping their heads around the fact that the gods existed. When the ones giving him admiration were not only experienced fighters but his friends, he didn't know how to react. He'd hoped that maybe since Jason knew what it was like having the weight of responsibility on his shoulders, he could relate. Could Jason be his friend? "Nice one," he prompted as Percy jived and forced him to retreat. They finally caught their breaths. "Use the