Sweet Valar, What Have We Done? Elrond and Celebrian stood in the court yard, watching the group of elves and horses steadily approach them. At their side stood two identical elves and at their feet a small elleth played with a doll. Suddenly, and with a rather stern expression, Celebrian turned to face her sons. Up until that point, they had been watching the gradually approaching Mirkwood elves with anticipation on their faces. Now, as they turned to face their mother, their expressions where ones of apprehension as they regarded Celebrian's severe demeanor. "Nana?" they asked simultaneously. "I have a job for you." The twins glanced at each other before returning their attention to the grim Celebrian. "I want you to take care of Arwen while I and your father are at the meeting." Identical looks of horror appeared on the twins' faces. "You will watch her every second that I am gone, you will not play a prank on her, you will not use her to play a prank on someone else, and if I find out that you've been a bad example to her, you will seriously regret it." Both twins opened their mouths to protest, only to be cut off. "This is not open for discussion," Celebrian turned away from them only to turn back and say in a rather icy tone, "Oh, and boys? If one hair on her head is harmed when I get back, you will be in Mandos's halls before the sun sets. Understood?" The twins nodded furiously, cowering before their mother's warning glare. "Good." The twins slowly turned back to face the Mirkwood delegation, now with looks of dread upon their faces. In their eyes, Arwen was a difficult child to take care of. While they wanted to go adventuring with Legolas, she wanted to play dress up. While they wanted to practice sword fighting and archery, she wanted to play with dolls and their hair. The twins did not appreciate having their hair pinned up with pink bows and ribbons, but it seemed that would be their fate for the rest of the afternoon. The Mirkwood elves finally reached them and a proud looking elf with golden hair gracefully dismounted. "Mai Govannen, King Thranduil," Elrond greeted the elf. "Suilad, Lord Elrond," Thranduil answered, grabbing Elrond's forearm in a warrior's greeting. Nearby, a slightly smaller version of King Thranduil had dismounted. The elf stepped towards Elladan and also grabbed his forearm in a warriors greeting, "Good to see you again… Elrohir?" "Elladan," Elladan answered in a bored tone, as though he did this far too often. "Ah, right, Elladan. No matter how many eons I live, I'll never be able to tell the difference between you two." He shook his head resignedly. Elrohir let out a long suffering sigh, "How many times have we told you, Legolas? I prefer to wear blue, while Elladan prefers grey." "And I have perfectly straight braids, while Elrohir's are crooked." "My braids are not crooked!" "You know, if you would just admit that you can't do your hair, someone else might do it for you." "Admit? Admit! There is nothing to admit!" Legolas watched the exchange between the twins with the exasperated look of one who had been forced to suffer through such petty arguments far too often, "Are you going to continue to quarrel? Or can we get around to actually doing something?" The twins suddenly sobered and Elladan let out a mournful sigh, "Alas, we have been previously detained and will not be able to join you in obtaining the entirely ethical objective of making a certain someone's existence far more exciting in a manner that our elders would not entirely approve of." Legolas raised an eyebrow, "Previously detained? What would detain such rambunctious elves as your selves from contributing in the ploy to make a specific person's life just slightly more fascinating?" "A rather recent discovery that we are not meant to take part in such irresponsible behavior as we have the unfathomably more important task of caring for our young sister," answered Elrohir. "Ah, babysitting, a most honorable undertaking. Would you perhaps be open to the suggestion of someone, meaning myself, assisting with said undertaking?" "We would perhaps consider it, should we all come to the agreement that we will cease this absurdly eloquent way of speech. It makes me feel as though I have had the sudden desire to not only consider Erestor's teachings, but to also commit the appalling act of applying them." "Agreed," answered Legolas. "Then you can help us take care of Arwen. And no one is ever going to tell Erestor about this discussion either; we wouldn't want him to get the impression that we actually pay attention to anything he says." "Ai," agreed Elrohir, "He would probably die from excitement, resurrect himself, and then give us a load of essays to complete." "Then I'll be sure to tell him. I can't imagine Erestor showing any other emotion besides boredom," said Legolas. "Nah," disagreed Elladan, "He wouldn't show that he was excited, he'd just topple over, get back up, and act like nothing happened while he assigns us the essays." "Now that I can imagine." A small hand was suddenly tugging on Elladan's sleeve, and they all looked down to see a small dark-haired elfling. "Nana says you have to take care of me now." "All right, Arwen," said Legolas kneeling down next to the young girl, "What would you like to do?" An angelic smile appeared on Arwen's face, "I want to have a tea party! With real tea and cookies! And we can talk about dresses and dolls and cute boys!" Legolas stared at her in blank surprise, "But why would you want to do that?! That's so…," Legolas trailed off just before saying 'girly'. Of course Arwen would want to do something girly; she was a girl after all. What had he agreed to do? Nay, not just agreed to do, volunteered to do. He looked up at the twins, desperation in his eyes; surely they wouldn't hold him to his word? The matching evil looks on the twins' faces told him that twins wouldn't just hold him to his word however, they would enjoy it too. "You agreed to help us," the twins said in unison. Legolas stared at them in horror until the elleth at his side began to tug impatiently at his sleeve, completely oblivious to his distress. "What are you waiting for?" she asked, "Someone has to go get the food from the cooks, and someone has to get the table and chairs, and someone has to get the china…" So it was, that half an hour later, Elladan, Elrohir, and Legolas found themselves crammed into too small chairs at a too small table, tiny handles of teacups held in-between their forefingers and thumbs. To any outsider, it would have seemed to be an adorable scene of three boys doting on a young girl… until you looked at their faces; those told an entirely different story. Legolas had on a distinctly uncomfortable expression as he tried to figure out a way to stretch out his legs without disrupting the table, while Elladan seemed to have his full concentration focused on not breaking the delicate teacup in his hand. Elrohir was fairing the best, he had entirely given up trying to drink from the tiny teacup in front of him, had resigned himself to having his knees tucked up by his chin, and was listening to Arwen's monologue with a vaguely interested expression on his face. "… and Merileth got a new doll from the boy she likes. It has this pink lace skirt and all its hair is done up in ribbons. Maybe Doronor will give me a doll" – Arwen suddenly had the full attention of her two brothers – "or maybe Thoron, I like him too." -The full, undivided attention of her two brothers – "Who do you like?" Legolas stopped trying to discreetly sneak his legs under the table and glanced and Elladan and Elrohir, "Err…" Elladan faired no better, "Ummm…" It was Elrohir who came up with a reasonable answer, "Well… I like you." Arwen rolled her eyes, "Yes, but you don't like me, like me. I want to know who you love ." Now Elrohir was just as lost as the other two. An awkward silence fell as Arwen stared intently at the three of them; waiting for an answer. When no answer was forthcoming, tears filled her eyes. Looks of horror spread across the ellon's faces and Elladan's teacup shattered as he griped it too hard. "Arwen, what's wrong? Don't cry," Elrohir pleaded. "I want Nana!" Arwen wailed, "She would have told me who she likes!" The young girl dissolved into dramatic sobs and the three boys looked at each other in panic; how to make Arwen stop crying? "I'm sorry Arwen, Nana can't come right now," Elladan tried meekly, "She's at an important meeting." "I want Nana!" Arwen screeched shrilly enough to make Legolas clap his hands over his ears. Elladan, Elrohir, and Legolas were back to looking at each other desperately. Suddenly, Elrohir's eyes paused on Legolas, or, more specifically, Legolas's hair. "I don't know if our real Nana can be here," he said slowly, "but would you settle for a fake one?" Arwen's sobs subsided and she looked up at Elrohir and then followed his gaze to Legolas. Immediately, all traces of tears disappeared from her face, "Oh Legolas, would you?' Legolas looked at her, confused, "Would I what?" Arwen reached out and grabbed a lock of his golden hair, "You have such pretty hair, so much like Nana's. You'll be perfect!" Finally clueing in, Legolas leapt to his feet in horror, "No!" he cried. Arwen looked up at him, lower lip trembling and eyes widening in to the most adorable puppy dog eyes, "Please," she pleaded, "Please, Legolas? Just this once?" Looking at the young elleth's face, Legolas felt his will crumbling; how could he refuse to give this little girl what she wanted? How could he be so cruel? "Fine," Legolas sighed, "Just this once." So, it was an hour and a half later that Legolas found himself reentering the tea party room after having succumbed to the ministrations of the young Arwen. His hair had been carefully braided and curled before being pulled up in to an elegant hairdo, Legolas didn't know whose dress he had been forced into, but it was made of deep blue silk with silver embroidery covering the bodice before it puffed out into an overly large skirt. To top it all off, he had rouge on his cheeks and lipstick on his mouth that made his lips appear to be a vibrant red. The second Elladan and Elrohir caught sight of him, they dissolved into hysterical laughter and fell off their chairs; collapsing onto the floor. It was a sickening sight to watch your friends roll on the floor, laughing, while you silently suffered a too small dress and hairpins digging into your scalp, so it wasn't surprising that Legolas finally snapped. "Gi fuion! Ego, mibo orch!" The twins only laughed harder and, with tears streaming down his face, Elladan gasped out, "I hate to inform you of this, dear brother, but our 'mother' looks like a monster." Legolas had to admit that they were right, but a look at Arwen crestfallen face made him change his mind about agreeing with the twins. He raised an eyebrow and, in his best impersonation of a girl's voice, said, "You dare mock me in such a way? I'm your mother!" Unexpectedly, the twins fell silent. Then Legolas realized that the twins were staring at something behind him in horror. He turned around, his swirling skirts nearly sending him off balance to see… Lord Elrond. Lord Elrond's POV I walked down the hall way to Arwen's play room to inform my sons and Prince Legolas that