Summary: One elven festival, ten barrels of enchanted water, and a whole lot of elfling mischief. What can this add up to except chaos, humor, and a complete disaster? Note: I wanted to stick to cannon, I really did, but occasionally the temptation to abandon it in favor of humor was too much to resist… I don't think I did anything too major though :D. Also, some of the characters are a little OOC, as I am not Tolkien and really cannot write the characters the way he did. Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings or any other works of Tolkien. Any words in a language you don't recognize? A place you've never heard of? Be sure to check the description at the bottom of the chapter. Also, thanks to anyone reading this who previously read my other Fanfiction story 'Sweet Valar, What have we Done?' and favorited or reviewed; your support is appreciated and keeps me writing! Chapter 1 The First Day The normally placid settlement of Imladris was in a state that could be described as chaotic. Elves that would usually leisurely stroll about were now as near to a sprint as one could be without actually running, and many were coming close to crashing into each other as they hurriedly made their ways to wherever it was they were going. The cause for Rivendell's state was not hard to discover, as one must only risk the possibility of being snapped at by an anxious elf when asking, to find that, "A festival is soon to be held in Rivendell and all must be prepared for the arriving guests. Now stop bothering me and go do something productive!" The aforementioned guests were elves from both Greenwood and Lothlorien. Some were nobles, invited to attend, while others were merely looking to be entertained, but all were relying on their host to have everything prepared, not to mention perfect. This may have been asking too much of their host however, as he seemed to be having enough trouble trying to keep his identical sons in line without the added responsibility of organizing a festival. "You did what to the carpet?!" exclaimed a shocked looking lord Elrond. "Erestor said he wanted it cleaned! How we supposed to know that he only wanted us to shake the dust out of it?" answered one son, throwing his hands up in exasperation. The other was holding up a once beautifully dyed carpet, now dripping wet with all of its colors running together. Elrond pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed, "Well, lay it out to dry somewhere, and we will see if anything can be done to save it later." His twin sons turned and began to leave, only for another elf to come in. The blonde-haired and blue-eyed ellon looked slightly taken aback at the state of Rivendell's flooring, and turned to Elrond; looking for an explanation. He received a glare and a curt, "Do not ask, Glorfindel!" instead. Glorfindel wisely did not, and instead said, "I thought to inform you that all proceedings are running smoothly and everything shall be ready for the Greenwood's guests arrival, so long as there are no unforeseen complications." Elrond visibly relaxed, much to the other elf's amusement. "There are only twelve more days of this, Elrond, and then all shall go back to as it was," he chuckled. Elrond simply sighed before changing the topic, "Have any of the Rivendell patrols come across our Greenwood guests?" "Not yet, my lord, however, I am-," Glorfindel's statement was suddenly cut off by a distant shout of, "What have you done to that carpet?!" It seemed that Celebrian had discovered Elladan's and Elrohir's erroneous attempt at cleaning. Meanwhile, not very far from Rivendell, the Greenwood visitors were about to have their first encounter with a Rivendell patrol. Riding in a large group around two very similar elves, they all seemed to be at ease amongst the welcoming golden and red leafed trees of Rivendell. Or at least until an ear-piercing shriek shattered the tranquil air. The outermost ring of elves responded immediately by tightening their group around the other elves in the center and looking about them with an alertness that would have made any captain proud. Their attention only increased as something or someone came crashing through the bushes towards them. Red leaves exploded into the air as a small, panicked elfling ran through a thicket and into the path in front of them. Only a stride behind him was a much larger elf who was yelling angrily at the smaller, "-my bow! It used to be my grandfather's and you've desecrated it! Pink! I'll kill you, you little orc!" The smaller elf let out a wail of dismay, "It wasn't me, Faervel!" Faervel let out an angry bellow and launched himself at the smaller elf, tackling him to the ground while the Greenwood elves watched on, many gaping in surprise and shock. It wasn't long before more elves were sprinting out of the bushes and onto the path, some laughing so hard that they could barely run in a straight line. The elf at the forefront was not laughing however, and had on a rather severe expression, "Faervel! Get off of Lindir at once!" Faervel didn't seem to have noticed the order he had just been given, and continued trying to strangle the poor, tiny Lindir, who was putting up quite a fight considering his size. Eventually the elf who had spoken was forced to haul Faervel off Lindir himself. In the meantime, some of the other elves had noticed the Greenwood visitors situated not very far away, and were now staring at them with wide eyes, elbowing the elves nearest them. It wasn't long before both groups were completely silent and watching each other rather awkwardly. The elf who had separated Lindir and Faerval finally broke the silence, "So, er, you would be from Greenwood, wouldn't you?" The group of Greenwood elves suddenly split apart to allow one of the elves from the center to ride forth. Tall and stern, with a wreath of intertwined red and gold leaves upon his brow, the elf cut an imposing figure, "Yes, we are from Greenwood, here to attend the festival to which Lord Elrond invited us." The other elf suddenly went pale. "K-king Thranduil, we are m-most honored to have you attend," he stuttered. "Er, we shall escort you the remaining way to Imladris and send forth riders to tell of your coming." King Thranduil simply nodded and retreated back into the center of the group. The other elf, who was clearly the captain of the patrol, quickly ordered three warriors to run ahead as the rest formed lines on either side of the Greenwood group. The young elf called Lindir looked quite miserable and placed himself as far away from Faervel as possible. Once everyone was in place, the group set off again. It wasn't long before it had stopped again, this time on a command from King Thranduil. "Your warrior is injured," he explained to the captain of the Rivendell patrol and gestured to Lindir, who looked quite mortified at having been pointed out, "He is limping." Lindir was indeed noticeably favoring one leg, but shook his head vehemently; looking completely horrified at the situation, "I-I'm fine, King Thranduil." Thranduil raised an eyebrow, "You are slowing down the group." "I… Er, I...," Lindir stuttered awkwardly, looking desperately at his Captain; clearly hoping for some word of support or interference. After all, what did one do when a King from a different realm started showing concern for you? The Captain, however, was staring at the ground and muttering incessantly to himself, something about inept new warriors and wishing he had become a chef. The elfling beside Thranduil, who bore a striking resemblance to the King, suddenly spoke up, "He can ride on my horse for the remainder of the way, Adar." King Thranduil glanced at his son, "If that is what you wish, Legolas, then I have no objection." Prince Legolas dismounted and began to make his way towards Lindir, who went pale and tried to protest. His eyes went wide in panic, and all that came out was a high pitched squeak. Legolas looked amused, "Lindir, is it? Well, come along." He grabbed Lindir's arm and guided him back towards his horse. Once he had mounted, Lindir desperately tried to look as small as possible, not succeeding in the slightest due to the size of the horse he had been forced upon. A single hand movement from King Thranduil set the whole group in motion once more, and Legolas grabbed the horse's reins; leading it forward. "So, Lindir, what exactly did you do to inflict your fellow warrior's anger upon yourself?" Legolas asked curiously, staring up at Lindir. "Er, would you believe me if I said 'nothing', Prince Legolas?" Lindir answered while desperately trying to find a way to address Legolas without looking down at his superior; something that he soon found was impossible. "Perhaps. What exactly do you mean?" Legolas answered. Lindir sighed and a look of despair came across his face, "When Faervel pulled his bow from its case, to shoot a rabbit he had seen, he found that someone had painted it pink. It's my first patrol and for some reason he seemed to think that made it my fault. But I didn't do it! I'm not suicidal! And when my father hears about this," Lindir shuddered, "I'll be on patrols and in training for the rest of the week." Legolas looked confused, "You don't likepatrolling?" Lindir shook his head miserably, "No, I'd rather be singing or playing my harp, but my father says…" The ellon suddenly broke off and blushed. Legolas ignored Lindir's obvious embarrassment, "Who is your father?" Lindir looked relieved at the change of topic, "Maenor, he is the training master of the warriors." "Really? Then one would think that…" Legolas broke off with a gasp and Lindir looked around to see that they had just come in sight of Rivendell. From this vantage point, it was quite a spectacular sight. Waterfalls cascaded from the tops of tall cliffs and disappeared into clear pools framed by golden and red leafed trees. The afternoon sun shone brightly, highlighting the beautiful wooden structure that was the Last Homely House. It had been adorned in red and gold gossamer sashes of fabric that draped above paths and between the peaks of the various slanting roofs. "Oh, this is your first time visiting Rivendell, isn't it, Prince Legolas?" Legolas merely nodded, wide-eyed, in answer Lindir's question. "It's beautiful ." Ahead of them, King Thranduil chuckled, "Don't go falling in love with it, Legolas, we still have need of you in Greenwood." Legolas nodded, but didn't take his eyes off Rivendell. Even when they finally entered the city, the young princeling kept looking this way and that, trying to take in every bit of it. He only stopped once they entered the courtyard at the main entrance of the last homely house; where Lord Elrond, Lady Celebrian, and their sons, Elladan and Elrohir, awaited the visitors from Greenwood. King Thranduil gracefully dismounted and swept forward to greet Lord Elrond. It was only a moment before he gestured for Legolas to join him. Once Legolas left, Lindir dismounted the prince's horse as fast as possible. Thinking that he wouldn't be missed amongst the crowd of chattering visitors and warriors, he began to slip quietly away, only for a hand to shoot out and catch his arm. "Lindir, we hear from Prince Legolas that you played a prank on Faervel," it was one of Elrond's twin sons, Eru knew which, and the other twin and Legolas were just behind him. Legolas spoke up, "Actually, I said he was accused of playing a prank on Faervel, not that he actually did, Lord Elladan." "What?!" the twin looked surprised, "You didn't claim the prank, Lindir?