Malevolence and Mayhem Summary: A young Legolas finds himself trapped in a living nightmare. In order to help him, Elladan, Elrohir, Haldir, and Lindir must assist him in escaping from the clutches of the worst creature imaginable: a girl. This story could be considered a sequel to one of my other stories, "Mischief and Misunderstandings," but it isn't necessary to read the previous counterpart in order to understand "Malevolence and Mayhem." (Though you will probably find this story much more immersing if you do go read the prequel ;D). Also, thank you to all who reviewed or favorited "Mischief and Misunderstandings," after I completed it. Any words in a language you don't recognize? A place you've never heard of? Be sure to check the description at the bottom of the chapter. Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings or any other works of Tolkien. Chapter 1 To: Lords Elladan and Elrohir In accordance with your friendship with Prince Legolas of Greenwood, son of King Thranduil, the Lords Elladan and Elrohir of Rivendell, sons of Lord Elrond, have been invited to join in the celebration of Legolas reaching his 25 th year. This prestigious event will be accompanied only by… Elladan skimmed over the seemingly endless descriptions of how significant the celebration was, the "boring stuff" as Elrohir liked to call it, and instead scanned to the bottom where there was a short note written in a slightly untidy hand; seeming even more messy when compare to the pristine calligraphy of the rest of the letter. Greetings Elladan and Elrohir! I convinced my father to send an invitation to you, he was strangely reluctant; I have no idea why. At this, Elladan smirked. Last time he and his brother had met Legolas at a fall festival, there had been a small- okay, well maybe not that small- disaster that had involved them. But an accident, relating to a few barrels of enchanted water disguised as wine, was hardly a good enough reason to not want to invite your son's friends to celebrate his begetting day. Anyways, I've also sent letters to Haldir and Lindir. Hope you can come; it should be lots of fun! Though the amount of time I can spend with you may be a little limited; Ada's now threatening to give me lessons on how to write a proper formal letter. I really hope he's jesting… Actually, it doesn't look like he is. Oh dear… hope to see you soon! Bye! The last few sentences were extremely messy, as if they had been rapidly scribbled onto the paper without any regard to forming the letters properly or placing them in a straight horizontal line. When Elrohir had first seen them, he had immediately shown the letter to Erestor, and told him that if the Crown Prince of Greenwood could get away with writing like that to lords of distant elven realms, then there was really no point of a lowly lord like himself completing his calligraphy assignment. For some reason, Erestor didn't seem to agree. That had been days ago however, and they were now already on their way to Greenwood. As Elladan looked at the rather crumpled invitation in his hand he found his impatience to get to the great elven realm increase and a grin spread across his face. With the five friends back together, the possibilities of the things they could do were endless. With a sigh, Elladan rested back on his bed roll and drifted off to sleep whilst thinking of all the adventures and fun they would have. Unfortunately, Elladan was completely oblivious of what truly awaited them in Greenwood, and there was hardly going to be an aspect of enjoyment to it at all. Saethor looked about nervously; gently tugging at the taunt string of his bow. The forest was turning into disarray all about him. Birds flew as fast as they could, squawking loudly as they went. Squirrels chattered loudly as they leaped from branch to branch; desperately trying to flee from… well, something . Seathor wasn't quite sure what yet, but it surely had to be a fearsome beast to frighten the animals so. Slowly, the elf warrior crept forward, cautiously keeping an eye out for anything out of the ordinary. They animals seemed to be fleeing from the direction of the main road that twisted through Greenwood and eventually led to Thranduil's kingdom. Suddenly, a shrill noise echoed through the trees, causing Saethor to pause mid-step. Sweet Eru, what was that!? The noise rang out again and this time it seemed to be closer. Whatever it was it was truly unpleasant; grating on the ears and causing Saethor to wince. He quickly recovered himself however; he was a warrior of the realm of Greenwood, he would not flee at a mere noise. Whatever was creating this ghastly sound would soon be found and- the noise rang out again, causing Saethor to drop his bow and slap his hands over his ringing ears- and hopefully stopped. A few minutes later, Saethor was edging through the trees along the main road. Part of him wondered why he was creeping; surely nothing could hear him over this awful song! For clearly that was what it was, except it was being played at a ridiculously high pitch and volume and the musician seemed to have forgotten what the rest of the melody was, for it was just the same three notes played over and over- Valar! It was driving him mad! Breathing deeply in a vain attempt to calm himself, Saethor leapt to a different branch. The noise was coming from quite close by now, if he peered through these branches he would be able to see- Saethor froze. Truly he must have been driven mad, for surely a group of elves could not produce such a horrid sound?! But no matter how much he blinked or rubbed at his eyes, the sight before him remained the same: a group of elves, appearing to be from Lothlorien judging by their garb, mounted on horses, and slowly riding towards Thranduil's kingdom. The noise itself issued from a wooden recorder, which was controlled by no great beast, but instead by a small, golden-haired elfling. The elfling in question was staring vacantly into the distance, and seemed completely oblivious to the horrible, Eru-awful sound he was emitting. Deciding that it would be impolite to not greet the guest, or, more truthfully, that he should really put a stop to this horrendous music before it drove everyone in Greenwood to madness, Saethor leapt out of the tree he had been hiding in, and landed directly on the road in front of the elves. Their horses immediately came to a stop, along with the horse the elfling was sitting atop, but instead of the music ceasing, as Saethor had expected it to, it continued on. The elfling kept gazing into space and playing the same awful three notes repeatedly, causing Saethor to look at him in shock and with more than a little bit of horror expressed on his face. Finally snapping out of his perturbed stupor, Saethor turned to the elf that had been trying to catch his attention for the past few moments. "Well met, my friend." The elf smiled, though he seemed rather tense, "As I understand it, you're on a patrol from the halls of the elven King?" Saethor nodded, glancing between the elf and the elfling playing the recorder, "Erm, indeed I am-" Saethor was cut short as one of the elves from Lothlorien let out a howl of fury and exasperation. The elf leaned over towards the elfling playing the recorder and, without the slightest hesitation, took the wooden instrument from his hands and snapped it in half, causing most of the elves to let out sighs of relief. The elfling didn't seem to mind the destruction of his toy (or torture implement; depending on how you look at it); indeed he was simply staring at the elf whilst looking completely unfazed. "Finally," the elf, who had broken the recorder, sighed, a blissful look appearing upon his face, "Silence, beautiful silence." After a moment he snapped out of his reverie, "Right, anyways, you're here to escort us to the halls of the elven King, are you not?" he looked expectantly at Saethor. Saethor managed to drag his gaze away from the strange elfling to answer, "Um, yes, I suppose I am." A few minutes later, as the elven assembly set out once more, the odd elfling, whose name was Haldir, slowly reached into his saddle bag and pulled out a second wooden recorder. Lindir was in hiding, or as much in hiding as one could be when mounted upon a horse and riding for the Halls of King Thranduil. So far, his morning had consisted of steering his horse amongst groups of tall elves in an attempt to remain unseen from the twin terrors, also known as Elladan and Elrohir. The young elven lords, having become bored with the constant riding, had taken it upon themselves to liven up the party of Greenwood-bound elves. As of that morning, they had spent their time filling up an empty water skin with all manner of insects, and any arachnids, they could get their treacherous little hands on. Lindir had yet to discover what they intended to do with them, and wasn't entirely sure he wanted to find out. Noticing, just out the corner of his eye, Elladan casually sneaking over to the edge of the path in order to slip a large, green caterpillar off a leaf, Lindir quickly nudged his horse into a slightly faster walk. He attempted to disappear amongst a group of elven warriors, but jumped slightly when a voice suddenly addressed him. Glorfindel whispered into his ear, "You wouldn't happen to know when the twins intend to initiate whatever it is they are planning?" Lindir shook his head and nervously looked over his shoulder to where Elladan and Elrohir where involved in an intense, but inaudible, conversation. Lindir noted nervously that they kept gesturing to where the nobles, which included Elrond, Celebrian, and Erestor, rode; clustered together in a group. "Unfortunately I don't," Lindir answered Glorfindel's question. Glorfindel sighed, "Ah, well, be sure to tell me if you ever do find out. I've already had a squirrel tangled into my hair due to you three, and I'd like to keep spiders out of it." In remembrance of this occurrence, Lindir smiled ever so slightly. Not slightly enough to get past Glorfindel's observations, however. "I saw that, young one," Glorfindel growled, but smirked when Lindir blushed. He then whistled, and his horse started into a trot; leaving Lindir alone amongst the elven warriors. The rest of the ride towards Greenwood was quiet after that, and, strangely enough, lacking in any bug related incidents. Elladan's and Elrohir's supposedly good behavior was doing nothing for Lindir's nerves however, and, as they rode to the entrance of Thranduil's Halls, where the elven King was waiting, Lindir found himself hoping that the twins had enough sense not to set the insects upon the ruler who was to be their host for the next little while. However, then something happened that drove the bugs completely from Lindir's mind. He looked to the right of King Thranduil, smiling as he saw Legolas standing there, but his friend was not alone. Clinging tightly to the Prince's arm, and standing so close to him she might as well have been attached to his side, was a girl. Elrohir nearly fell off his horse as his eyes alighted upon the most traumatizing sight he had ever seen in his life. Legolas was standing next to a girl-nay, not next too, he might as well have been sharing the same space as the girl-and he wasn't shaking her off or running around screaming that he had been contaminated. Admittedly, the Prince did look rather tense and slightly uncomfortable, but