TheLast Throw By nautika K+ Author's Notes and Summary: Following "The Last Debate" in The Return of the King, Chapter 10 says, "…the army of the West was all assembled on the Pelennor. … All was now ready for the last throw." This is the story of the march to the Black Gate (movie and book verse) from the view of a family man who made the journey. Disclaimer: This fanfiction is based on the works of JRR Tolkien and the movie his trilogy inspired. "You gave me a mighty good welcome home last night! I've said it already, but I've thought a lot 'bout everyone since I left. I told you 'fore I left why I had to go, you remember?" "Good, that's good. Well, now I want to tell you all 'bout it. I want you to listen close so you can tell your children some day, and then they can tell theirs. There will be lots of different tales told 'bout this battle and 'fore you get out and hear things from other people, I want you to know the way it really was, you hear?" "No, love, they are all old enough to know and it's important that they understand. The Dark Lord is gone, and they need to know 'bout the price we paid to be rid of him. And they need to realize it wasn't just done by men of Gondor. The men of Rohan came, and Rangers from the North, and Halflings from the land of small folk, and three Elves, one gold haired and the other two dark and looking like each other's reflection, and there was the wizard Mithrandir, and a Dwarf, and they all fought just as hard and were just as brave as the men of Dol Amroth or Lossarnach or of the Tower Guard! "Now, the less interrupting we have, the faster the tale will go, but if you think you don't understand something, you ask, you hear? I want you to be able to tell this right when you tell it! Everyone ready? Get comfortable now; I don't want no squirming and no fussing. "Well, we left when the trumpets sounded early that morning, and we marched steady and was at Osgiliath 'fore noon. A sad sight it was, too. Didn't look like no Fortress of Stars, it didn't, not anymore. I can't hardly imagine what it looked like in your grandfather's day. Well, anyway, we stopped for the night 'bout five miles past Osgiliath, but them on horses rode on ahead. Felt strange, it did, to see King Elessar, and the Wizard, and Prince Imrahil, and all them ride off and leave us behind. Some of the men complained 'bout it, but I thought to myself, who would want to be closer? I knew we'd get to that Gate soon enough and all them complainers, they'd be quiet then, they would. "The next day, we caught up to them at the Cross-roads. They set a good guard, they did; and then the Wizard and King Elessar led us to the Morgul Vale and we burned the fields and destroyed the bridge! Felt mighty good watching those flames from that dark place shoot up toward the sky, I'll tell you. "Now, we had 'bout a hundred miles to go 'fore we reached the Gate and none of us knew what might happen or when, but we marched out in the open, and we marched proud! Every now and again, the Wizard ordered the trumpets sounded and there would be a cry saying the Lords of Gondor had come and telling anyone there to leave. After a time, they changed it to 'King Elessar' instead of 'Lords of Gondor'. Some took objection to that, they did, saying the king wanted all the glory for himself. I thought, now how would he get that when anyone with eyes could see all of us with him? It's not like we'd come home and say he done it all single-handed, now was it? I think it was just the captains' way of letting the Dark Lord know we have a king again. You remember that if someone should say different, you hear? "Anyway, the longer we marched and the closer we got, the heavier the evil seemed to lay on us. We all felt like something bad was 'bout to happen. Finally, the fifth day after we left the City, a big group of Orcs and Easterlings attacked us, but the scouts had warned us and we were ready. The ones we didn't kill, we drove into the hills. We felt better for awhile after that, but word got back to us that the gold haired Elf – a prince from Mirkwood, he was - had spotted the Nazgul following us. "You have a question, daughter? Well, let's hear it." "What's the Nazgul? Well, they were a group of fell beings who rode on big flying creatures that were as evil as they were." "No, we didn't see or hear them then, but that awful feeling of dread came back, it did. Don't know if we'd of felt it if we hadn't known 'bout the Nazgul, but by the time another day had passed, some of the men couldn't take it no longer. The sight of the marshes and the desert on top of that feeling of doom pressing on us was just too much. They couldn't go no further. "By now, I'd made my way closer to the front. I'd give it some thought and decided I'd heard enough complaining and I wanted to know as much as I could 'bout the king so I could tell it later and tell it right. I was sure glad I was there. "You'd have liked what the king did, love. He didn't yell at them men or do anything to embarrass them. He knew some of them were a far cry from home, and he knew most of them had been raised on stories 'bout the evil in Mordor. They'd already come a good distance with us and every one of them had meant to go all the way. The king didn't send them home in shame. He sent them to Cair Andros and told them it would be the last defense of Gondor and Rohan, and that they should see it held. He gave them back their pride and instead of leaving with their heads hung low, they left with a purpose. They can sit in front of their children the same way I'm sitting here with you and not be ashamed. He's a good man, love, our king. And I want all of you to remember that! "We moved on slow. The heralds still called out, but didn't get no answer. Now we were a smaller group, though still thousands, we stayed closer together. Scouts didn't go out no more." "There's nothing to be afraid of now. I'm here. Sauron, the Dark Lord, is gone. This is just how it came to be that way. Do you want me to stop a few minutes?" "No? None of you? Well, I'm mighty proud of you for that. "Well, we made camp that night and we set fires all around, but I don't think nobody slept at all. We kept hearing things, but we couldn't see much 'cause there was stinking smoke that came up right out of the ground. It was mighty cold, too. The next morning we headed off in the same direction the other Halflings would have gone. I know, 'cause I heard the Wizard and the king talking 'bout it. I was that close to them by then, I was. "The Black Gate was closed, and there was nothing or no one to be seen around anywhere. It was all quiet and still, it was. It was early day, and to tell the truth, most people there didn't have no hope. But I did. I'd been watching and listening to our new king and I thought even if we did all die, that somehow he might make it back, and even if he was the only one that did, I knew he'd make sure all our families were alright. I had that much faith in him, I did. And in the ones who traveled with him. I knew for certain that the Elves, the Dwarf, and the other captains would die defending him. I swore right then, I'd do the same thing, 'cause that was the best thing for Gondor. "Finally, we noticed the Nazgul hovering around like scavengers just waiting for us to die. We knew there had to be enemies hiding everywhere, but they never gave no sign. The king spread us 'bout as best he could, then he rode toward the Gate and with him went the Wizard, Prince Imrahil and Eomer of Rohan, who Theoden King named as king in his stead, and the elves. The Dwarf rode behind the gold haired elf and the Halflings rode with Eomer King and with the Wizard. "They all looked mighty small riding off like that, they did, but when they got to calling range of the Gate, they let loose the banner with the White Tree and sounded their trumpets and the heralds cried out for the Lord of the Black Land to come forth 'cause the King of Gondor wanted him to atone for his evil deeds and leave for good. "It was quiet for a long piece; then, just as they looked like they were going to head back to us, we heard a great rumbling noise that we finally figured out was drums. Then horns sounded so loud that the stones trembled and we put our hands over our ears as best we could while holding our weapons, we did. Then all of a sudden, the Black Gate creaked and moaned, and through it rode the ugliest thing I ever hope to see. He was on a black horse and wore a black cloak. I heard later he was called The Mouth of Sauron, and I could see why. Only part of his face you could see was his mouth and even from as far off as I was, you could see teeth as big as your fingers almost. "Now, don't you laugh, boy! This is nothing to laugh 'bout. He was a worshipper of the Dark Lord and meaner, they say, than any orc. No knowing how many good men died 'cause of him and his evil ways." "Well, I'm mighty glad to hear it. Now you just better mean it." "Good enough. It takes a big person to say they're sorry and own up to their mistakes like that. Your mother and I are mighty proud of you, we are." "Now, where was I?" "Thank you, little bit, for reminding me. The Mouth and the King, they had quite a staring contest, it seemed to me. Then, the Mouth, he moved away. Then he and the Wizard exchanged some words 'fore the Mouth held up a knife and a couple of pieces of clothing. We heard one of the Halflings cry out, and then the Wizard made a grabbing motion. I wouldn't want to make a wizard mad, I wouldn't, but I reckon the Mouth wasn't worried much 'cause we heard him laugh. There was some more talk 'tween the Mouth and the Wizard, and then the next thing we knew, the king just rode up to him and cut his head clean off his shoulders!" "Oh, I am sorry, love. I just got carried away." "No, you are right. I never meant to say how he was killed exactly." "Yes, love, I will be the one to get up with them if they have bad dreams. I am sorry, children, to have spoken so plainly. But he was an evil one, and now he is dead and cannot bother you except in your dreams and that's something to be grateful