Ok so I started writing this fan fiction a long time ago and recently my writing has been kicked into over drive. I had a really good response to my Merlin fanfiction so I thought I would post up a few of these chapters and see what people think. But before you start reading, there's a few things I should explain. This isn't a spinoff of Lord of the Rings in the sense of it's a totally different story just with the same characters. It's the same story with different characters added into it. There are points in the story that are quotes from the books, so I want to make it very, very clear that I do not own LOTR and in no way am I saying that these parts are my work. They were just written too perfectly by Tolkien for me to able to change them (but there are VERY few!). Secondly, Gladians are a race I created several years ago. They are complicated and way too much to explain, so just have to read along to figure them out. Reviews are always welcome, but be respectful and provide helpful criticism, not harmful. Thanks and happy reading! Chapter One The sun was setting over the river in Rivendell as Elrond stood; watching the light fade, thinking it was hope that was ever more fading away. "There is no hope for Frodo." He whispered quietly as Gandalf came up beside him. "Maybe not," Gandalf sighed and watched the light of the sun disappear, "but there is still something we have not considered." He turned to Elrond and Elrond's face grew dark. "To call on Them would not be right. This is the war of Middle Earth and not their concern." He spoke, his voice sharp and firm. "But it might be." Gandalf paused and turned away, "if the Company's quest fails, Sauron will take over Middle Earth," he paced slowly as he spoke, his deep voice heavy with the weight of his words, "but what then? His thirst for hunger will not be quenched and he will search for ways into the other worlds." "No evil can pass the Grey Havens!" Elrond said annoyed. "The Grey Havens is not Their world Lord Elrond and evil can enter Their world. The portals to Their world is how evil first entered it and if Sauron were to discover them, it would threaten Them." Gandalf spoke slowly, hoping Elrond would agree. Elrond sighed heavily and turned away from Gandalf, "the Glandians are older than the Elves and left Middle Earth long before my time." "But some visited since and you know Him." "He would not come." Elrond was convinced of this. He did not trust the Glandians, though beings of pure good, he did not think they would care for the fate of Middle Earth. "He would, if you were to call him. A Glandian never leaves a call unanswered." Gandalf put his hand gently on Elrond's shoulder. "Call Malcolm, ask him to bring aid to protect the Company. "Elrond, five fighters is not enough to travel across Middle Earth, enter Mordor and destroy the ring. The hobbits know nothing of battle and though I am sure they would prove to be extraordinary fighters, they are not trained. Malcolm and his people are trained to fight evil, it is their sole purpose for living. Even to have just one Glandian in the Company would bring more hope." Gandalf argued gently. Elrond gave a long sigh again and nodded. "I will call him, but I will not hope for their aid." Elrond answered and Gandalf smiled. "It is all you can do to ask." He added softly and turned, walking away. Elrond stared into the dark night and looked up at the stars and knew this would be his only chance. Turning swiftly, he walked down the hall and out the door. The lights of Rivendell lit his path as he walked down to the river. As he walked, he tried to remember the last words Malcolm spoke to him, thousands of years ago after the first war. "Middle Earth is no longer the world for Glandians. Men are stronger here and they are well prepared against evil, they are not blind to it. There is another world that has been under our watch and they need us there more than Middle Earth." Malcolm's voice came back to him as if he were there again, "But if evil should ever over power good in this world, go to the river in Rivendell and let the tears of hopelessness be washed away in its waters, call for me and I will come." Elrond stood now up to his knees in the river. Though he never understood the ways of Glandians and few remembered their existence that was once here in the beginning of time, he knew they held an ancient power that was older than this world. He considered Malcolm's words and then the fate of Middle Earth and the doom that lay waiting for the Company. He closed his eyes and let the visions he had seen play again before him. He watched as one by one, the company fell and the ring was lost to Sauron. He then thought of Arwen, his daughter who refused to go with the Elves to the Grey Havens for her love of Aragorn. He saw her future and the death that it was filled with and as the hopelessness filled his heart, tears slowly ran down his cheeks and dropped into the water below him. "Malcolm," he whispered, "Lord Elrond calls you in this time of hopelessness." He stood motionless for a minute and waited, opening his eyes he looked around. There was no answer. He tried to have patience and wait a little longer but when sill nothing happened, he cursed and waded out of the water. "Fool," he whispered to himself for thinking Malcolm would answer. "I imagine he didn't even hear me." He thought as he walked back up the hill but as he came around the bend, there in the doorway was a figure. It was taller than any man or elf but it seemed to glow like the elves, but its light was even brighter. "It cannot be him," Elrond argued with himself, not allowing himself to hope but as he grew closer, the hopelessness he felt seemed to fade away and he was filled with peace. "Malcolm," he whispered as he walked up to him, "I did not think you would come." There was a long pause and now Elrond could see the face of the being before him and he frowned, stopping in his tracks. "You are not Malcolm." "No, I am not. I am the Second and have come in place of Malcolm for he was unable to leave his place. My name is Ammon Mathias Alexander, the Second Glandian and I heed your call." Ammon bowed, his blue eyes watching Elrond closely. He had never been to Middle Earth but he knew many Elves that had travelled to his world and had great respect for them. Elrond also studied Ammon. He stood at least eight and a half feet tall, a giant in this world. He was lean and did not look anything like a warrior but any elf, especially Elrond, could feel the power and authority that poured off him in waves. He was not like Malcolm physically, Malcolm was slightly taller, broader built and had long brown hair with brown eyes but Ammon, he had blue eyes and black hair darker than the night that reached his mid back. "I am asking for aid from the Glandians." Elrond said after a long pause and looked up at Ammon. "Shall we go and sit and you can tell me of this threat?" Ammon's voice was like no other voice in Middle Earth. It was accented in a way that Elrond could not place, but that was understandable but it held a power that he also didn't understand. It was not like Saruman's that was bewitching and would put a spell on anyone who heard it and was unable to resist. It was also unlike the elves whose voices were like soft music, comforting those who heard them speak. "Yes," Elrond nodded and led the way to the chamber of councils. Those that saw them walk by stared at Ammon in wonder, never having seen any of his kind before. "Who is that?" "What is that?" some whispered to each other. "What of Middle Earth do you know?" Elrond asked once they were settled in chairs by a fire and Ammon seemed to be more willing to talk. "Nearly everything." Ammon said easily, "though I never lived here, I watched it form and come into existence and I've seen the ages pass and those that have come and gone from this world. I have also met several Elves from Middle Earth in my time and they have shared with me the knowledge among their people." Ammon paused and looked at Elrond, it seemed to Elrond that he was staring right through him, into his mind. "Forgive me Lord Elrond, I mean no intrusion." Ammon said gently and drew his gaze away. "Then you know what the return of Sauron would mean for Middle Earth?" Elrond asked. "Yes, that would be a great evil. But was the ring not destroyed?" Ammon questioned, they were never able to confirm whether or not it had been. "No, it was not. Isildor kept it for himself." Elrond spoke and Ammon saw the darkness fill the room as he went on, "but it betrayed him and was lost. Hundreds and hundreds of years went by until it was found by the creature Gollum and was taken deep into the Misty Mountains where it also betrayed him. Bilbo Baggins found it in his travels and brought it to the Shire." Elrond spoke quickly and gave little detail of the events for haste was needed, "he then left it to his nephew when he came to Rivendell to stay. Gandalf discovered that it was the One Ring and sent Frodo here." "The Shire," Ammon gently interrupted him, "that is hobbit folk there, yes?" "Yes. Frodo came with three other hobbits, Samwise Gamgee, Peregrin Took, and Meriadoc Brandybuck. We have had a council and a Company has been made to take the ring to Mount Doom and destroy it." Elrond finished summarizing. It was unlike him to speak so quickly and leave so much out, but he had a feeling that Ammon would know what was left unsaid in the space between Elrond's words. "So what is it you seek of the Glandians?" Ammon asked. "I would ask for their protection of the company." "You are sending four hobbits alone to Mount Doom?" Ammon asked, surprised. "No of course not!" Elrond said quickly, "there are nine in the company. Aragorn son of Arathorn and heir of Gondor, Boromir son of Denethor Steward of Gondor, Legolas Greenleaf son of Thranduil, Gimli son of Gloin and Gandalf the Grey." Elrond said, listing their names and Ammon nodded. "These are all warriors and strong willed." Pausing he looked long at Elrond and saw the hopelessness, the darkness and his fear over shadowing his elfish light. "But you've seen the future; you know what lies ahead of them. And yet… you're filled with doubt and fear. You do not see any hope for them. You've seen their deaths and fear that if something isn't done now, they will fail and Middle Earth will fall into darkness and-" he stopped, now finally understanding why he had been called, "you fear Sauron will find the portals to the other worlds and will seek to conquer them." His eyes widened and he stared at Elrond who looked away and nodded. "Yes." Elrond stood and moved closer to the fire, "the time of the Elves is over and we go to the