Disclaimer: I own nothing. New note: I have redone this story and will be posting the chapters pretty quickly. I still have all the original chapters and they will appear in the story I just needed to space this out to do what I planned on doing with this and I needed to establish the relationship between Edward and Bella better. I have changed the chapters however so while the originals are in here they are different. Please let me know if you like this story Original Note: So I haven't done a Bella and Edward story and so I figured I would. A brief summary of the story is that Bella is a passionate writer in this story and she loses her journal to the guy she's been in love with forever. He doesn't know it's hers and falls in love with her because of her journal not realizing that she's the girl he's been in love with but gave up on. As a side note their all seniors and everyone's human. Edward, Emmett and Alice are related. Jasper and Rosalie are related. Bella sat in down in the back of her English class wishing that the day was over. She really wanted to finish her journal entry and her lyrics and she couldn't write in school because she was always worried about someone reading it. When the bell finally rang she sighed in relief and headed toward the library. After about five minutes she had a table full of books and after another moment she had dug her journal out and placed it on the table. She smiled looking at it. Her journal was her prized possession. From first glance you couldn't tell that that's what it was. It was a black book that from first glance could have passed for a notebook or textbook. That's one of the things she loved about it. Sitting down she opened it and immediately began scribbling as fast as she could. She quickly filled one page then another and another. She was so absorbed she didn't hear her cell phone going off until the librarian stood in front of her with a frown on her face. Bella looked up sheepishly before apologizing and picking it up. "Bella? I know it's your day off, but we've got a really big case going on and we need you here. Can you come in?" Bella sighed mentally. Nope it's fine. It's just the fourth time in two weeks that this has happened and no one does anything but rely on Bella regardless of whatever she has going on but sure whatever. "Sure dad. I'll be there in ten okay?" "Thanks Bells. We owe you one." She shook her head not realizing he couldn't see her. "I'll add it to your tab." She smiled hearing her father laugh, then told him she was on her way. Packing her books hastily and throwing them haphazardly into her bag she quickly ran out to her truck and began to drive. When she got to the station she saw her father sitting as his desk pinching the bridge of his nose. She immediately felt uneasy upon seeing it. He was pushing too hard again and it had to stop. After watching him for a few minutes, she walked over to him and gave him a hug making him start in surprise. Smiling at her he pointed to an enormous stack of files before asking. "You think you can do all that by the end of tomorrow?" She nodded confidently and smiled as her father let out a chuckle. She began moving the files to her desk and fired up her computer before beginning to impute them into the system. She'd always disliked filing because she found it boring and tedious but she reminded herself that if she didn't work, she wouldn't have enough money to leave Forks and if she couldn't leave she couldn't achieve her dreams. She was pulled from her thoughts when she heard her phone beeping and l quickly looked to see if her father was around. He always told her to be professional at work which meant that she wasn't supposed to be on her phone and that he would give her no special treatment. She always laughed. They both knew the reason he never fired her was because no one could do as much correctly as quickly as she could. Opening her phone she noticed it was Alice. Where are you? Did you run off to La Push on me again? Bella let out a small laugh before she could stop herself. Quickly looking around again she texted back. I'm trapped at work because Jess canceled again and no, Jake's still a little mad about what happened last time. You that whole me accidently dumping soda on his head. By the way I get off at four so I should be at your house by around 430. Setting her phone by the computer she managed to get through ten files before her phone beeped again. Smiling she put her phone on vibrate before reading Alice's next text. Ok I have everything set up for tonight but just so you know his girlfriend is here. I thought it's only fair to warn you. You mean his slut is there. She sighed. She knew her crush on Alice's brother Edward was ridiculous. They were best friends and he didn't see her as anything else. Not to mention the fact that he was head over heels about his girlfriend Tanya, and was oblivious to the fact that she treated him like crap. They'd been together since their junior year and Bella had been trying unsuccessfully since her freshman year to force her feelings away. Thanks for the warning. I'll be fine and I'm sure I can handle it. I have to go though. The old man is coming. Quickly hiding her phone as her father walked past, she began tackling the files again and was relieved when Charlie finally told her it was four. Stretching her back and feeling her muscles loosen a bit she gathered her stuff before walking Charlie to his cruiser. "Are you still sleeping at Alice's tonight?" She nodded. "I've already got my stuff in the truck so I guess I'll see you tomorrow after school." Nodding her father hugged her before telling her to be careful and she got into her truck before rolling down the window and asking him if he'd be alright. Smiling at her he told her he'd be fine and that she was worrying too much again. Shaking her head she waved before starting her truck and beginning the drive to Alice's. Her phone was going off again but she ignored it. She never texted while driving. It was a lesson Charlie had hammered into her many times. She opted instead to sing her new lyrics. When she pulled up she saw Alice waiting outside feet dangling off the railing of their fence that surrounded the porch. Bella smiled to herself at her behavior before getting her bags and following Alice to her room. Instantly Alice stood up and began playing music loudly before grabbing Bella and making her dance. When they were finally tired, which meant Bella was tired and managed to get Alice to give her a break, Alice asked about the song she was writing. Bella smiled. "It's going good. Actually I've got the lyrics in my bag if you want to hear them." Seeing Alice nod she smiled again before saying. "Let me get them." Heaving her bag into her lap she began pulling out books looking for her journal. As she began reaching the middle of the bag she began to get worried. She didn't see it. It was always right on top but this time it wasn't. She began searching frantically and began to get more and more upset with each passing book. Finally reaching the bottom she threw the bag across the room and looked at Alice who was watching her with worried eyes. "Bella what's wrong?" Bella looked like she was on the verge of tears. "I can't find my journal. Alice my whole life is in there. I have to find it." Alice put a comforting arm around her shoulder and hugged her gently trying to get her to calm down before asking. "Where do you think it could be?" Bella took a few deep breaths trying to relax before going over her day and quickly realized what must have happened. "I was in the library and my dad called. I was mad that Jess canceled and in a hurry to get to work because he said he had a big case and I just threw my stuff in my bag, so I must've left it there." Alice checked her watch. "The library's still open for another hour. If we hurry we might be able to get it." Nodding Bella followed Alice downstairs only to be put in a bear hug by her brother Emmett. After he set her down they explained they'd be back and ran past Edward and Tanya as they were coming in. The entire ride to the library Bella was silent. She didn't know what she'd do if her journal wasn't there. That journal had her songs, her thoughts, everything. Even her crush on Edward was written in there. Alice was being sweet and trying to make her feel better but could tell it wasn't working. Undaunted, she persisted until Bella let out a small laugh. Stepping inside she instantly went to the table she was at and felt her heart sink. No journal. Quickly looking at the surrounding tables and the book stacks she had went to she felt her hope vanish. It wasn't anywhere in the library. She swore loudly surprising Alice and the librarian who told her if she did it again she'd have to leave. She sighed silently and nodded knowing that if anyone else had done that she would have already kicked them out. Shaking her head she walked back to Alice's car thinking silently. Where could her journal be? Edward Edward walked between the racks of books trying without success to find the right book for his project with Emmett. He knew Emmett was to busy with Rosalie to do anything else at the moment so he'd offered to do it for him needing a break from his girlfriend Tanya. She had waited for him by his locker after every class and had sent him notes the entire hour during his last period. So as soon as the bell had rang he had ran as fast as he could to the library to get a moment's reprieve. After about fifteen minutes of searching he finally found it. Smiling in triumph he began heading back to the front desk when he suddenly stopped as a book caught his eye. It was black and around the size of a textbook. Picking it up he opened it to see if there was a name, but there was nothing. He was about to drop it back on the table until his eyes caught his name on the page. Raising his eyes curiosity got the better of him and he decided he'd keep it and put it in his pack. After he finished getting the book for Emmett and thanking the librarian, he walked outside to his Volvo and swore softly. He forgot to pick up Tanya and she could be a real bitch when he didn't. He quickly reminded himself of the suffocating behavior he'd had to put up with for the past few weeks and shook his head in frustration knowing she'd be worse when she got into the car. Reaching over to the passenger seat to put his pack in the back he remembered the book. After thinking for a moment he picked it up and opened it toward the back. I can't believe she's cheating on him. He's such