"To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten." - Author unknown I sit in the doctors office of District 13, clutching Peeta's hand tightly. He's been waiting for this for years, and I'd hate to let him down. For the past few months, we have been trying to get pregnant. Finally, the doctor calls my name. "Good afternoon, Mrs. Mellark." says doctor Odion. His last name reminds me painfully of Finnick Odair And for just a moment, I allow myself a second of grief. "Shall we get down to it then?" Peeta and I nod. "Mrs. Mellark, you are pregnant." My first reaction, as per my usual these days, is to look to Peeta for any reaction. He is grinning at me- ear to ear. He squeezes my hand and I smile at him. I feel my heart race as the doctor gives me a plethora of prescriptions. He tells us to come back in a month, and Peeta and I thank him and leave his office- Peeta ecstatic and myself contemplative. He had wanted them for years, but I had never given children much thought, always focused on my survival or someone else's. Now this little baby would depend on Peeta and I for everything. Without warning, the tears started flowing down my cheeks, provoked by a fear of being a terrible mother and the even worse fear of having a child put into the games. Emotions flew by at a hundred miles an hour, breaking me down. Peeta looked at me quizzically, and slightly shocked before wrapping his arms around me. We are just outside of the office when I fall to my knees, suddenly dizzy and confused. "Katniss? Katniss?!" Peeta's voice grows panicked. The wave of nausea that hits me has a greater force than a tsunami, and I run behind the bushes to vomit. Peeta follows, holding my hair back. I lean on his shoulder as he tries to help me walk back home. Mercifully, it is not too long a distance away and we arrive home intact. Peeta lays me gently on the couch, and I realize how frail I must look to him. I stroke his cheek, feeling it was a monumental effort just to lift my arm. After twenty minutes of lying there with Peeta mumbling prayers beneath his breath, I convince him of feeling better and stand. I stumble a little and make it to the center of the room seemingly easily enough. Peeta leaves for a moment to get me a glass of water- and that's when the world tilted sickly on its side. I see a pair of legs in the doorway before everything goes black . *** Peeta's POV I hear the thud first. I immediately drop the glass in my hand and rush into the living room. I hear the glass shatter on the floor, but pay no mind to it. My wife needs me. I dart around the corner to see Katniss passed out in the center of the room with Haymitch standing in the doorway. I rush to Katniss, brushing the hair back from her forehead. "Katniss?" I shake her gently. "Katniss?" She does not wake. I shoot a worried look at Haymitch before picking up Katniss' slender body and laying her back on the couch. I turn to Haymitch. By the stance he took I could see he was a little drunk, but not completely inebriated. I figured he wanted more booze. I pull a bottle from the bottom cabinet and hand it to him, and he gives a wayward smile at me. "Always the care giver." He says, glancing toward Katniss. I nod curtly. "What's wrong with her?" He asks. "Nothing." the reply is terse. Haymitch glances at me knowingly, understanding that there was more to this than I led on. I sighed. For a drunken victor, he is pretty smart. "Katniss is pregnant." There I said it. The bottle in Haymitch's hand falls to the floor, sending Vodka spilling onto the carpet. For a moment, his face is shocked, but then it splits into a grin. "Finally got the courage to knock her up, eh?" He chuckles. I frown, still thinking of Katniss lying on the floor. Haymitch pats me on the back. "Eh, congrats. You'll be a good dad." I flinch. The remark was so... Not Haymitch. I nod my thanks and crack a smile. It fades quickly as I analyze Katniss and the possible damage that could have been done. Haymitch sees this as his opportunity to leave and waves his goodbyes. I turn and kiss Katniss' forehead before leaving to find a broom, mop, and cloth to clean the shattered glass in the kitchen and the vodka on the carpet. It was just after sweeping the glass that I heard Katniss stir. I dropped the broom and ran to her side. Katniss POV "Katniss? Katniss?" I can barely make out Peeta's voice in my haze of unconsciousness. I want to reassure him, tell him I'm here and always will be, but I can't feel my lips. He makes a small sound that sounds like a whimper, and I want to reach out to Caress his face but my arms remain immobile at my sides. I feel tethered to the darkness that binds me to unconsciousness. I struggle relentlessly against the bonds, and finally, one breaks. I free myself of the other and then burst out, running toward the light. My eyes flutter open and I see Peeta's bright blue eyes staring down at me. He smiles and kisses my forehead. "Hey." He says. I give him a weak smile in return. I could swear I felt the earth moving beneath me. "Hey. How long was I out?" I asked. "Half an hour." Huh. Shorter than I expected. I attempt to sit up, but Peeta puts a hand on my shoulder and pushes me back down. "You need to rest." His voice was calming and even. I decided, grudgingly, that he was right. I was asleep before my head hit the pillow. The next three months were a blur of odd cravings, vomiting, exhaustion, and mood swings. I briefly recall throwing a glass at Peeta's head over finding an empty bottle of milk in the fridge. I also remember crying for two hours afterward. Now, I am just beginning to show, And am glowing in rapture. I feel well enough to go take a walk, so I head into the forest. I enjoy the familiarity and comfort that comes with the trees. I go to just a little away from the center of the forest when I feel the sudden urge to get home. My instincts scream danger to me and I begin to run. I round the corner to our small home. The door is open. "Peeta?" I call. No answer. "Peeta?" my tone escalates, as does my worry. I am filled with dread. I see his wedding ring on the floor, pick it up and put it in my pocket. I run to Haymitch's house next door. "Haymitch?" I find him asleep on the couch with a bottle of Grey Goose in one hand. I shake him briskly. No luck, so I throw a bucket of water on him. He pulls a knife and shrieks a bit. He breathes a sigh of relief when he sees it is only me. "What-" I intervene so quickly that he can't finish. "Peeta's been kidnapped!" My voice is filled with hysteria. It takes Haymitch a minute to catch on to what I have said. He can tell I'm serious. Even as a drunkard he understands that much. "I'll get Plutarch." Peeta POV I am broken. Shattered in a million pieces. Her voice is screaming for me. "Peeta! Peeta please! Help me!" she is sobbing, just as broken as I am. Her screams reverberate off of the wood floor. I have heard nothing but this for hours. "Peeta, PEETA! Why won't you help me?! Why won't you help the baby?!" That catches me completely off guard. No one else outside of Katniss and I (excluding Haymitch) knew she was pregnant. It had to be her. I begin to weep, clamping my hands over my ears and curling up into a ball. I have only been here a few hours, but have already experienced enough pain in here that would rival even the hunger games. For starters, I am in solitary confinement. I have had nothing but a piece of bread and a sip of water- barely enough to keep me alive, (if you could call this living) let alone endure physical torture. Every Hour on the hour, a group of five or so men would come in and beat me senseless. Why couldn't I just die already? I answered that myself. Katniss and the baby needed me, and I couldn't abandon them. Even if it costs me my sanity. Katniss POV It's been three weeks since Peeta was kidnapped. Every day it gets harder to go on, to present myself to the public eye. I have waited endlessly for news about Peeta, only to be disappointed in the end. Without him, I lost the will to function, so much so that my mother has had to come by three times a day to force feed me my meals. But today, we caught a break. "We know where he is." Says Plutarch, and I cannot find words to express my relief. "Is he alright?" I am exasperated. "He's been tortured by a small group of President Snow's followers who are bent on killing the two of you. We will have a team infiltrate the camp tomorrow night, and should have him back by the next morning." I look at Haymitch, who is standing on Plutarch's left. "Haymitch, will you go with them?" He looks at me, taken aback. "Someone he really cares about should be there." Clearly, I couldn't be because of my pregnancy. Haymitch nods. "Wish me luck, sweetheart." Haymitch POV We took the choppers at midnight. Myself, Plutarch, and three others were crammed into one helicopter. We knew where Peeta was- in a cabin atop a mountain not twenty minutes west of district 12. I am concerned for his well being- although I well deny it. His positive attitude was uplifting. What condition will we find him in? I wonder. I take a swig of whiskey from a small flask in my shirt pocket. Bad. That was the answer. Anything involving president snow was terrible. I mumble a short prayer under my breath. Despite what I say, I really do like the kid. Then, we land. The cabin door is cracked open slightly. I hear screaming. There are no people in sight. We rush forward, fearing capture. I am the first in. It is Katniss' voice I heard screaming. She is sobbing. "Peeta, PEETA! Why won't you help me?! Why won't you help the baby?! Please, make them stop, please!" she screams for him. I scan the room. There is little light in the room, but I am barely able to make out a huddled figure in the back corner. I go over to him. He has lost several pounds since I last saw him. He is curled into a ball on the floor with hands clasped over his ears. I can see he has been crying. He still is. I tap him on the shoulder. Above me, Katniss screams and a slap is heard. Peeta cringes and tightens his ball. "Peeta?" I shake him. He dosen't move. His expression is unchanged. Plutarch picks him up with ease. His muscles do not relax, his position keeps, and the tears flow steadily. We fly home in silence. Katniss POV I wait anxiously on the couch. Where could they be? Was Peeta OK? How badly was he hurt? I only had enough time to ponder these questions when