Reyna bit her lower lip. Across the creek, she knew the Greeks were preparing for battle. "Legion! Listen up," she yelled. The legion all stood to attention and stared at her. Reyna felt her stomach swoop. It was stupid to feel this way. She had fought countless battles, this one shouldn't be any different. But it was so different. On so many different levels. "The Greeks think that they have victory over us because we attack them on their home turf," Reyna said. "But today, we will show them what the legion can really do!" The legion let out a triumphant yell, and Frank joined Reyna on her right. "I don't like this," he said slowly. "Annabeth and Percy are over there. So is Piper." Frank and Reyna both glanced over at Jason, who was sitting on a rock with a hard look of determination. After the Greeks had rejected him, he had come crawling back to the legion, bearing all knowledge of the Greek's side. "We can beat them," Reyna said. She shouldered her blade and adjusted her armor straps. "We're Romans. Sophisticated and organized." "And they're Greeks. Disorganized and impulsive," Frank countered. He leaned on his newly constructed bow, glancing at the forest separating them from the Greeks. "We'll do fine," Reyna said. "I'm sure of it." Annabeth was tired of yelling at Percy. He had rejected the idea of fighting against the Romans, despite them having come up out of nowhere and starting this war. He reluctantly agreed to fight when Clarisse and the Stoll brothers teased him relentlessly on it. They stood together on Zeus's fist, Percy was leaning casually on Riptide. "I don't like this," he repeated. "Oh please, Percy," Annabeth said. "Just suck it up and fight." Percy shifted in his armor and adjusted his helmet straps. "But my bro Jason—" "Percy, please," Annabeth said. "We're not asking you to kill him, or any of them for that matter." Percy rolled his eyes and Piper appeared next to him. She donned armor that she had camouflaged and she had her sword and knife strapped into her belt. Around her, the Aphrodite cabin prepared themselves for war as well. Annabeth had been surprised at how eager the Aphrodite cabin was at participating in the downfall of the Romans. She knew Piper was motivated by the thought of defeating her boyfriend, but the rest of the cabin's eagerness caught nearly everyone off guard. Even if the gift of prophecy was working, she doubted that even the Apollo kids or Rachel Elizabeth Dare could have predicted that. But needless to say, the Aphrodite cabin ended up being the biggest advantage. Annabeth positioned the children of the love goddess around the perimeter and close to the flag so they could try and seduce any Romans trying to run through. If there was one thing Annabeth knew about the Romans, it was that the men were tied around the pinky fingers of Aphrodite's daughters. "Two minutes until battle commences!" Annabeth glanced over at the watch tower. Chiron stood in the box with a grim expression on his face. Beside him stood Rachel Dare, Tyson, Ella, and a surprise visit from Lupa. The wolf was sitting far away from the Greeks, but there was some sort of pleased glint in her eyes. "Remember the plan?" Percy nodded slightly and Annabeth bit her lower lip. It was bad enough going against Romans, but they were going against Romans being led by Frank and Reyna, two kids of war gods. Of course, Clarisse and Annabeth had exchanged notes on how to beat the Romans, and devised a killer plan, but if Jason ratted them out…they were done for. "Annabeth—" "Yes Percy? "If I don't make it out alive—" "Percy, now is not the time for—" "I just wanted to let you know, I don't really like blue food as much as I thought." Annabeth did a double take and glanced over at her boyfriend. He had that stupid smirk on his face, and she resisted the urge to slap him. She opened her mouth to yell at him when Chiron blew the horn, and the Greeks yelled at the top of their lungs before charging. Reyna yelled loudly and thrust her shield forward. The legion responded instantly, and the first and second cohorts split and sprinted into the woods. Reyna joined the third and half of the fifth while Frank took the other half and the fourth. "Forward march!" Frank and his team began to move swiftly through the woods, and Reyna waited a couple of minutes before following. The sound of her team's feet hitting the ground filled her ears, as well as the unsteady beating of her own heart. She was not going to lose this game, she was not going to lose to Annabeth Chase. Annabeth's small elite squad ran into Frank's at the creek. She yelled an order at Percy, who quickly controlled the creek and created a frozen wall about twenty feet high. Frank let out a large swear word, and Annabeth bit her tongue to prevent herself from laughing. "The middle is secured," she said. Connor Stoll glanced at the wall a couple of times before throwing down is sword. "Man, c'mon! I wanted to beat up some Romans!" Annabeth raised her eyebrows at him and Percy glanced over the wall. "The only issue is it secures us from their side too," he said. Will Solace took two arrows out of his quiver and handed them over to Annabeth. "What are these for?" She asked. "To scale the wall," Nico said. Annabeth took the two arrows from Will and tried to not stare at the two of them. She supported her two friends, but it was strange how much they had both changed. Nico no longer wore black all the time, and he had certainly become a lot healthier in the past year of seeing Will. She was glad that the kid had found someone. She suspected he had a crush on Percy when they first met, but to protect him, she told others that the crush was on her, which was taken without a question. Annabeth approached the wall and stuck the arrows as high up as she could reach. She pulled herself up before pulling one out and stabbing it above her again. She was about a half foot from the top when she glanced down. "Keep going," Percy yelled. Annabeth gnawed on her lower lip for a second when she realized something. Since Frank's outburst, there had been no noise from the other side. She lifted herself over so her eyes could see, and was surprised to see that there wasn't a Roman in sight. "They're gone," Annabeth said. "Kill the wall." Annabeth quickly lowered herself down and Percy returned to wall back to its normal lazy creek. "Where'd they go?" Annabeth demanded. Frank didn't know what to think when Percy froze the creek. The wall was too tall to safely climb over, and he wasn't going to change form to fly everyone across. "Any ideas?" Frank asked, glancing around at his troops. They all shrugged and Frank envisioned Annabeth's smirk when the wall went down and she caught the Romans sitting around, helpless to move anywhere. "Praetor, what happened?" Reyna and her group jogged up behind Frank, and he sighed in relief when he saw Hazel looking questioningly at the wall. "Hazel, get us an underground tunnel to pass the Greek forces on the other side." Hazel obliged, and the Romans quickly descended into the hole with Hazel leading the way. The hole closed after Frank passed through, and he worried momentarily about being trapped forever in the tunnel, but didn't think much of it when he saw the light at the end. "This is sloppy work on their part," Annabeth gasped as she and Percy sprinted through the woods. "The Romans believe that the best offense is a good defense. They've left their side virtually defenseless." Percy wheezed slightly and huffed something inaudibly. Annabeth had sent the rest of the group back when Frank was nowhere to be found, and she had a guess that Hazel was involved. "There!" Percy pointed Riptide a few yards away where the purple and gold banner of Camp Jupiter stood proudly. There were no Romans surrounding it, no eagles or wolves within sight. "This is so wrong," Annabeth said. She slowed a little when the flag was within reach, and Percy plucked it from its pole. "Can't complain." He flashed her a smile. "We're totally going to win." Annabeth glanced around, unnerved by the lack of defense. She knew Reyna, and she knew Frank. They would never do a sloppy defense…unless they had a secret weapon. "Let's head back," Annabeth said slowly. She and Percy began to jog back when a strong wind knocked them to the ground. Jason Grace flew in from above, his Imperial Gold sword in hand and a Camp Jupiter t-shirt resting proudly on his chest. "Did you really think it'd be that easy?" Frank was surrounded, and Reyna was off Zeus knows where. The Hermes and Ares cabins had been waiting for them, and moments after Frank parted from Reyna's group, the two cabins jumped out at them. "Surrender now or die, Roman!" Clarisse La Rue bellowed. Frank raised an eyebrow and glanced over at Travis Stoll, whose armor was crooked and his sword hung casually at his side. "Are there actual deaths in this game?" He asked. Travis shrugged. "Not that I know of." Frank notched an arrow in his bow (that had a Nerf point but from afar one couldn't tell) and aimed it at Clarisse. "I don't want to hurt you," he said slowly. "Is your dad really the war god?" "Yeah, he is. Now let us pass or I'll shoot you all." The Greeks exchanged a look when a loud whoop was head behind them followed by angry yells. They turned quickly and Reyna was sprinting towards them, the black and orange flag of Camp Half-Blood held high in one hand. Reyna's team rallied around her, fighting off the Hypnos and Aphrodite kids, which was a surprisingly deadly combination. "Stop, you want to stop!" Frank heard Piper yell. Reyna faltered for only a second before she shook her head and picked up speed. "Frank, a little help!" She yelled. Frank regained his senses and yelled orders at his men to hold down Hermes and Ares cabins, who were rushing to aid their Greek brethren. The creek was in sight, and Annabeth almost made it. She had bundled up the flag to make it easier to carry, and she pumped her arms. Percy was somewhere behind her, trying to delay Jason. She could hear the sound of their swords clashing. She knew it wouldn't last long, but the creek was getting close enough for him to control it. On the opposite side of the creek, she saw Reyna running towards her. She held the Camp Half-Blood flag in one hand and had a group of Romans protecting her from all sides from the Greeks. "Percy!" Annabeth yelled desperately. "Coming!" The river responded to Percy instantly, and it flooded. Annabeth stuck the flag between her teeth as the water reached her shoulders, and then Percy was beside her. "Come on, Wise Girl," he said. He grabbed her waist and controlled the tide to push them over to the Greek side. "Zhang!" Reyna swam one-handed across the now-ocean creek. She saw Percy and Annabeth making their way rapidly across, and she was not going to lose. Not when she was so close to victory. Seconds later, Frank scooped her up in his claws and flew her across the border, just as Percy and Annabeth reached their side. The flag in Reyna's hand shimmered slightly before it sported the purple and gold colors of Camp Jupiter. "We win!" Percy yelled triumphantly, pumping his fist into the air as the creek