I have lived among the elves of Mirkwood for most of my life, although I cannot claim to be one of them, I instead come from a small village on the outskirts of the city where I was raised until I reached my majority. For the last couple hundred years I have been the faithful and steadfast guard and servant to the Lady Maera, once friends in our younger years now we maintain a different relationship for the sake of our families. It is a lonely job, with only the lady to confide in, but one that requires absolute secrecy meaning that although I know the names and faces of the elves that move around me they do not have the same luxury and I find I am often ignored. Lady Maera, I am sure, feels the same as I, alone in a palace teeming with people, often trapped inside her room due to the nature of her occupation and told with no exception that she may never show her face unless deemed appropriate by the King himself. Her and myself were not always as such, once we roamed freely, loved by family and friend, surrounded by peace and tranquility. As children we would often sneak out of our homes and lay in the cool grass of a meadow near our home and watch the stars in the sky, their light a beacon of beauty in the thick blanket of night. As young women we would titter behind our hands at the village boys we found attractive, and had jobs doing chores within the village, her making clothes and tapestries while I helped my father in the forge as he had no boys to teach the trade. I spent many a day watching him make items such as swords and jewelry, vases and small items to sell to merchants who came from Laketown bearing food and fabrics. In my youth I had hoped one day to go to Laketown, to finally see someone not of my own race, to hear the language of the humans and to immerse myself in a culture that was not my own. These dreams, although still alive in my mind, seem to be farther and farther away with each passing year I stay within the palace, but I know that I cannot leave Maera here alone. I swore a pledge to her that day that no matter where we should go, or what paths our lives may lead that I wouldn't leave her alone. I keep that promise now, even with the bitter memory of how our lives changed the day the soldiers came to our village.I can picture the day still clearly in my mind although many years have passed. The day had dawned bright and clear as I rose from the coverlets of my soft bed, I stretched and peered through the window of my room seeing the sun rise on the east horizon with bright fingers of blue and orange. A smile graced my young face as I left the warmth of my bed and walked to a wardrobe my grandfather had made for my mother on her majority, within were a few serviceable dresses I had been given by my mother, but today I searched for one specific dress. Maera had made a beautifully made gown of soft blue embroidered carefully with a silvery thread that swirled along the neckline and sleeves. It was a light dress made with fabrics delivered from Laketown that she had purchased specifically for me and thread she had saved while she learned the delicate art of embroidery. I reveled in his simple beauty and pressed it against my body, twirling about the room in a nightgown before settling before a slightly cloudy looking glass. My raven hair had become a tangled mess in my sleep, the locks twisting around my shoulders and the crown of my head, I shook my head at the image before me and lifted a wooden bristled brush and began to pull the tangles into some semblance of straightness. Looking again I noticed that my hair was beginning to curl gently at the edges, framing my face in what I considered a charming way, I pulled strands apart and began to make simple braids that I clipped to the back of my head in a kind of crown, the rest of the hair falling down my back to my waist. I stood from the dressing table and picked the dress up once more before laying on my unmade bed, I stripped the gown from my body which my mother swore would bloom in my majority but was still just as slender as when I was a child. I stroked my hands slowly down from my small chest where buds of breasts were beginning to develop down over a flat and slightly muscled stomach to my narrow hips. I allowed my hands to settle there before looking down at my thighs and legs which were strong from hours of carrying heavy buckets filled to the brim with cold water for the forge. I felt so boyish. too slender and with not enough features to distinguish myself, not Maera who was voluptuous with wide hips, heavy breasts and a face that shone brightly with her beatific smiles. Standing next to each other people would often favor looking upon her than myself, she was bright with strands some swore were spun with starlight while I was dark with features that were uninspiring. I felt no jealousy in my heart though, we were friends and I wished nothing more than for her to be happy and healthy with a bountiful hearth and a solid man by her side. I knew she wished the same of me. " Lilith, it is time to rise, dear." I heard my mother's voice through the door. " I'm already awake, mother. I'll be down in a moment." " Alright, Maera is already here whenever you're ready." I heard the soft patter of her returning down the stairs and picked up the dress once more, the fabric feeling so soft within my callousing hands. I dressed in record time, drawing the dress over my head and settling it over my figure, before sliding slippers onto my feet and leaving my room with a flourish. I almost stampeded down the stairs to see my parents and my friend standing there with matching smiles as I twirled around in a circle watching the hem rise up to my knees then settle back down to my ankles. " Oh I just knew it would be beautiful on you!" " Of course it would, it was made by the most talented seamstress in all the village!" I replied, a smile on my face. " My, my. You'll turn the heads of all the village boys if you're not careful." My father winked at me. " I'll be back before nightfall." I said to my parents with a wave as Maera pulled out of my house with a hand wrapped around my wrist. We walked a short way down the road to our village where many were already rising and performing their chores. Many of the people I had to grown to know waved and smiled, wishing me a happy and healthy day as this was the day of my birth, I waved and thanked them as Maera continued to pull me. I knew where we were going, to the meadow where we spent a great deal of our childhood, it was tradition of course, between the two of us that on the day we were born we would go to the meadow and speak of our dreams as we watched the clouds lazily moved along the blue skies. I felt such joy in this day, in our friendship and in the life that our village had built and in my naivety believed that such would stay the same. The day was quiet as we spoke, both of us laying in the field, the smell of summer all around us in the winds that breezed errantly, in the trees that sprinkled their flowers all around and in the grass. " Father has told me that soon I will be sent to the palace." Maera said, her voice heavy " What?" I looked at her, my eyes searching her profile. She didn't look at me, I knew she was searching for the right words. "He says that I can be of use there and that the dressmaker is in need of a seamstress." " They could have any seamstress though, why does it have to be you?" " There is much I haven't told you, but Andra is leaving in a few weeks time, says that he wishes to learn to fight, wants to train as a warrior. Father has already granted him ownership of our horse and has commissioned your father to make a sword for him. He wants me to go to the palace to learn the trade more thoroughly and to make some money in Andra's absence." " So you're leaving." I said with a dread in the words finality. " I am afraid so." " Then I will go with you." I replied to her after a pause. " But what of your dreams?" " I am not giving up, just pushing them off for a little while." " No, Lilith…" She turned to look at me, her eyes wide. " I will not leave you to a palace full of strangers with no one to confide in." She smiled at me, her eyes glittering with friendship. "Let's make a pact then." " A pact?" I replied. " Yes, sit up." I sit up, spreading the skirts of my dress around my legs and faced her, watching her do the same, she took my hands in her own, squeezing my slender fingers. "I swear to you, Lilith, to follow you wherever you shall go, and to stay by your side, sister of my heart, friend of my life. May our lives remain twined until the Valar shine on our divergent path." " I swear to you, Maera, to follow you wherever you shall go, and to stay by your side, sister of my heart, friend of my life. May our lives remain twined until the Valar shine on our divergent paths." I repeated. " This way when we grow older and find our way, we won't have broken our vow and if anything happens that draws us away from each other, we're still together in our hearts." I laughed softly. "You certainly have a way with words." We made our way back to village after making our pledge, me with every intention of going to back to my parents and telling them of my pledge to follow Maera into the palace. When we arrived though there was a tall man in front of her home dressed in the armor of Mirkwood, he was obviously speaking with Maera's father and holding a scroll in his hand. " Maera." I said softly. "I think the summons came much sooner than expected." " Go, now. If you wish to follow, you must be quick." I ran to back to my house, slamming through the door faster than intended and fell to the ground in front of my mother who was staring at me with an open mouth. " Lilith, you know better than to run in the..." she began. " Mother! You must listen, Maera is going to the palace, it seems that the summons for her came faster than she expected and they are going to take me. I wish to go with her as well." " Lilith, this is…." " Listen to me! I must go!" " You are old enough to make that decision for yourself, my dear, but be sure that this is path you wish to take." She intoned softly, kneeling beside me and stroking my hair. "If this is