PARTNERS The girl carefully nocks an arrow to her bow and eyes her target - a pine cone perched carefully on a mound of earth. A tree stump sits directly behind the mound and pine cone. The girl has learned from painful experience to have a backstop for her targets. Arrows are too difficult to make to waste in target practice, and each miss usually results in a twenty to thirty minute search for each arrow...if they can be found at all. The girl moves her game bag aside with her foot before taking her first shot. The bag is pleasantly heavy with the results of today's forage - wild onion, katniss root, and dandelion greens - even three fish that she managed to catch at the lake. This will make a decent dinner tonight when combined with bread from her first Tesserae grain. Tonight she, her sister, and her mother eat. The girl doesn't think about tomorrow. The girl shakes her head and raises the bow. She takes a deep breath and draws the arrow back, feeling her arm muscles quiver from the strain. She aims high and, like her father taught her, brings the arrow down to her target, smoothly releasing the string when the pine cone appeared down the arrow shaft. Thunk. The girl sighs in frustration as she sees the arrow quivering in the tree stump, a hands breadth above and to the right of the pine cone. Setting her mouth in frustration, she pulls another arrow from the quiver, nocks it, draws, aims, and fires again. Thunk. Dead center but half a hands breadth from the cone. I'm pulling to the right. Why? The girl says to herself as she allows herself to relax. What am I doing wrong, Dad? The girl blinks her eyes, fighting off the tears. No time for that. The girl forces herself to take a few deep breaths before continuing. She pulls another arrow, nocks, and draws - then stops. She relaxes, turns her body slightly to the left and, as she draws back the arrow again, twists her wrist slightly to keep the bow in line with her body. The girl draws, aims, and fires. Thunk. The cone is driven against the stump by the force of the arrow striking it, toppling over, the arrow sticking straight up. The girl grins with satisfaction as she jogs down to the stump, carefully extracting both arrows protruding from the rotting wood, then doing the same with the arrow sticking out of the cone. Quickly she places a new cone on the mound and returns to her firing position. Thunk. Another arrow thuds into the cone. The girl can see the cone clearly against the mound of earth. Thunk. She quickly puts a second arrow into the cone. The girl grins and quickly grabs another arrow out of the quiver. Thunk . A third arrow sprouts from the cone, now nearly split in half. The girl jogs back to the stump and retrieves her arrows. The girl glances up at the sky. Early afternoon. Time to start heading back to the fence. On her walk back, the girl pauses at a hollow log and carefully wraps the bow and quiver of arrows in a bit of waterproof cloth, then hides both in the log. She finishes her walk with a slight spring in her step. Pine cones today - squirrels tomorrow. Time to actually start hunting for real. "Mom? Prim? I'm home!" The girl calls out as she enters the small, ramshackle house. "Katniss!" A small girl darts from the back of the house and flies into the arms of the older girl. The older girl - Katniss - returns the younger girls hug with enthusiasm and affection. "What did you get?" The younger girl asks excitedly, taking the game bag off Katniss's shoulder. "Some fish and wild plants," Katniss replies. "Where's Mom?" The younger girl pauses while emptying the game bag on the rough wooden table. "In back," she says quietly. "She's...she's having a bad day." "What else is new?" Katniss mutters, brushing past the younger girl and striding to the back of the house. She stops up short when she sees and older woman - blonde, like the younger girl, and definitely unlike Katniss's own thick, dark brown hair - sitting in a rocking chair, staring vacantly at the far wall. "Mom," Katniss says. "Mom!" This time her voice is louder, more strident. The woman stirs slightly, her head turning slowly towards the sound of Katniss's voice, and she blinks rapidly, willing her eyes to focus on the girl. A slow smile of recognition spreads over her face. "Oh, Katniss," she says softly. "You're back. Where's your sister?" "Up front," Katniss replies evenly, "emptying out my game bag." "How...how did you do today?" her mother asks. Katniss hesitates for a moment before answering. "We'll eat tonight. I'm gonna go show Prim how to clean the fish." Katniss spins on her heel and starts to walk back to the front of the house, but not before she says, "No guarantees that we'll eat tomorrow , though." "Katniss." Her mother's soft voice causes her to stop. "I...I'm trying. I really am." Katniss doesn't turn around. "I know," she replies in the same soft voice, then quickly walks back to the front of the house to show her sister how to clean the fish. Twang! The snap of the bow string is followed almost immediately by a high-pitched, almost inaudible squeaking sound. Katniss watches in satisfaction as the squirrel drops out of the tree, an arrow skewering its neck. Katniss trots over to the squirrel and picks it up, carefully pulling the arrow from the small, furry body. "That's four," she says in satisfaction, adding the squirrel to three others in the game bag. Four squirrels and not a single lost arrow. Carefully she cleans the blood off the arrow with a handful of leaves. More wild onion, dandelion greens, and katniss root lay in the bag as well. Time to go home. Good thing Dad taught me how to clean game and fish before he - Try as she might, Katniss could not help but think of her father every time she went past the fence into the forest. He had taught her so much - and still had had so much to teach her still. As Katniss walks back to the fence, she sees something out of the corner of her eye. She stops, turns, and focuses until she realizes what she was looking at. A rabbit - dangling a meter and a half above the ground. Curious, Katniss jogs over to the animal. As she nears, she sees that it's very obviously dead, a thin length of wire looped around the animals neck. She realizes immediately what it is she's looking at. A snare. Her father had been teaching her how to make snares, explaining that a good snare line could bring home more meat than a day's hunting might be able to do. He hadn't gotten very far in his lessons. Katniss had still not attempted her own snares. But this - a rabbit has more meat than all four squirrels Katniss had in her game bag. Next time, she says to herself, leaving the snare and the fat rabbit behind for their rightful owner. For now she has to get home with her kills. Tonight she'll go through the lengths of wire and thin filament line that her father had left. Katniss doesn't notice the pair of eyes that follows her every movement out of the forest. He's doing it again! Katniss turns her head quickly, just in time to see the baker's son quickly avert his eyes. Katniss sighs and turns back to the girl sharing her lunch table with her. He's probably thinking how awful I am for not thanking him for the bread last month, she says to herself. It takes her a few moments to realize that the girl sitting with her is smirking at her. "What, Madge?" Katniss asks irritably. "Oh, nothing," the blonde girl replies. Her gaze softens as she says, "His name is Peeta. Peeta Mellark." Katniss can feel her own ears and neck start to redden. Damn Merchant girls, anyway! "Who?" she asks innocently. Madge sighs in frustration. "The boy that keeps looking at you. His name is Peeta Mellark. If you like, I can intro -" "No." Katniss says flatly. "I'm sure he's not looking at me." Now that's a HUGE lie. "A Merchant boy and a Seam girl? Please, Madge!" Katniss shakes her head in disgust. "I wouldn't be so sure, Katniss," Madge mutters, then says, "So do you have anything to trade in your lunch today?" Katniss carefully sets the hook snare and steps back, eyeing her handiwork with a critical eye. This was the fifth snare that she has set today. She had wracked her brain trying to remember all the things that Dad had told her - find signs that rabbits are in the area, bait your snares with a bit of katniss root or dandelion greens, look for spoor such as droppings - but she's sure she's missed something. She stands up and wipes her hands on her pants, then checks the position of the sun in the sky. Late morning. I still have time. Maybe bag a few squirrels if I'm lucky. Katniss shoulders her game bag and trots away. With luck, tomorrow morning she'll have some nice fat rabbits to bring home. Katniss forages while she hunts, picking various edible plants as she moves. She stays out much later than she had originally intended to, with only three scrawny squirrels to show for her days' work. As Katniss makes her way back to the fence she tries to ignore the rumbling in her stomach. "What did you get today?" Prim asks excitedly. Dejectedly, Katniss dumps the game bag on the table. "Not much," she sighs. "Three squirrels and some plants." Prim starts pulling squirrels and plants from the game bag. "At least it's something ," she says. "Are you gonna clean the squirrels, Katniss?" Prim looks at her sister hopefully. Katniss laughs and sits down at the table. "Okay, but you do the clean up tonight!" "Deal!" Prim says as she begins to sort through the plants. The girls work in silence for a few minutes. Katniss works quickly, cleaning and skinning the squirrels with a practiced hand. She glances quickly at the sack of Tesserae grain, noting with alarm at how much they had already eaten. At this rate, we'll be out of grain over a week before I can pick up more, Katniss says to herself. We have to slow down! Preoccupied with her worries about the grain, Katniss doesn't hear the soft footfalls behind her. "Katniss." Katniss jumps a little in spite of herself at the sound of her mother's voice. Prim looks at her sister and giggles at Katniss's surprise. Katniss gives her sister a baleful glance but doesn't turn around. "Yes?" "You were out much too late today," her mother says. "You really need to come home earlier than you did today. The forest is not a safe place for a young girl. I would hate to see you stuck out there at night. Why were you so late?" "I spent the morning setting snares," Katniss replies flatly, "Hoping that I could catch something a little meatier than squirrel. You know, so we can eat." Prim stares wide-eyed at her sister. She had never heard anger like that in Katniss's voice before today. "Please don't take that tone with me," her mother says softly. "I know we need food...and money. On Monday I'm going in to town...I'm going to try to sell -" Katniss slams her knife on the table and stands up so suddenly that her chair topples over. She spins around and faces her mother, her face reddened with anger. "Sell?!" Katniss shouts. "Sell what?