CHAPTER 1 - PAN-STARRS THE OUTER OORT CLOUD - TWO MILLION YEARS BEFORE PRESENT The comet drifted silently in its long, lonely orbit about the tiny, intensely bright pinprick of light that lay close to six trillion miles away. Here, in the very outermost reaches of the solar system, at the very limit of the gravitational attraction of an unremarkable yellow dwarf star that would someday be simply known as the Sun, the comet, and trillions of others like it, moved almost imperceptibly in an interstellar deep freeze. The comet had been born much closer to the star that it now circled. Baptized by fire, it spent its tumultuous infancy being pummeled about by its siblings. Slowly growing with every impact, for thousands of years it continued to accrete dust, then rock, and, as it slowly moved further away from its parent star, more exotic chemicals and compounds. These growing pains went on for close to four hundred million years. If it had eyes and a brain, it would have noticed some of its siblings growing massively huge...so big, in fact, that their own gravity finally crushed them into spherical shapes as they continued to pull in and consume their smaller neighbors. If it could feel emotion, it may have felt alarm, then fear, as the largest of these new monsters fell into a celestial dance as they orbited the parent star, causing gravitational tsunamis to surge through the solar system over and over again, until the very largest of these massive, gas-covered spheres actually began migrating inward, flinging smaller bodies in every direction with its brutal gravity. The comet was an early victim - seized by the monsters steely grip and hurled away, along with millions of its siblings. Along the way it encountered a smaller body that had also been caught by the gaseous gravitational bully and tossed aside - but this one wasn't a sibling of the comet, but rather, a cousin - smaller, but made of much denser material. Even as they sped away from the warmth of their parent star, they fell into their own gravitational dance, circling each other around a common center. For millions of years the pair - the larger comet and its smaller asteroid companion - sailed outward, away from the chaos that was taking place below them in what would later be named the Late Heavy Bombardment. Finally, the tenuous grip of the stars gravity was finally able to slow their outward progress, and the pair settled into a leisurely orbit, having traveled so far from their parent that its light took almost a year to reach them. The light was an intensely bright pinprick, but offered no heat. Together the pair drifted, two among trillions in a cosmic icebox that would someday be named after the human astronomer, Jan Oort, that first suggested that such a place could exist. Taking millions of years to complete one circuit, the pair remained undisturbed for over four billion years. The asteroid became a frozen lump of rock and metal, coated with a thin sheen of impossibly cold chemical compounds - but the comet continued to grow. Even out here, in an interstellar no-mans land, the comet was able to attract elements, one atom at a time. Hydrogen, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen - for four billion years it grew. Its home, the Oort Cloud, was a lonely place. Aside from its companion, the comets nearest neighbors were almost eight hundred million miles away. And so, for billions of years, it continued to add elements and compounds, undisturbed - until a celestial intruder paid a visit. The brown dwarf - too big to be a planet, but too small to be a star - had drifted in its orbit around the Galactic Core, along with trillions of other objects - stars, other brown dwarfs, and rogue planets. Its journey finally caused it to brush against the Oort Cloud, but in the vastness of interstellar space, it only came close to one insignificant object. To be fair, it wasn't exactly a "close encounter." The brown dwarf never came closer to the comet than the Earth does to the planet Venus. Still, the comet was nudged by the gravity of the brown dwarf, and the internal heat generated by the brown dwarfs' continual attempts to ignite itself into a proper star was just enough to warm one side of the comet, causing some of its surface to flash into gas and sublimate into space. The comet wobbled in its orbit as the brown dwarf upset the delicate balance between comet and sun. Then, like a spinning top that slows down, the comet wobbled once more, then tipped over and began to fall, ever so slowly, towards the only other object exerting any type of gravitational attraction on it - its parent star. It would take hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of years for the comet and its companion to complete their journey - but they were both going back to the star that gave them birth - they were both going home. 12:27 A.M. - WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1ST, 2070 Melody Temple rubbed her eyes, debating to herself on whether or not to have another cup of coffee. Sighing in frustration, she tapped a set of new commands into the Image Differencing program, watching the computer screen in front of her accept the data. New Years Eve. She had made plans to attend the formal New Years celebration at the Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Officer's Club with the young Naval officer that she had met recently, Lieutenant Charles Smith. Charles ("Please don't call me Charlie, Chuck or Chas - it's Charles") was assigned to Base Operations, and was the polar opposite of what she had thought a dashing young naval officer would look like. Short and squat, with an unruly shock of reddish-blonde hair, his appearance seemed to be better suited to one of the gravel-voiced Bosun's Mates than an "officer and a gentleman." Melody herself was no stranger to the old adage of "appearances can be deceiving." Looking at her, no one would guess that she was an Astronomy graduate student. Blessed with beauty from the day she was born, if one was to base their opinion on looks alone they may guess that she competed in beauty pageants (which she had done), or was possibly even an actress (never in a million years). Tall and slender, with raven black hair, she turned heads wherever she went. But astronomy was her passion, and had been since she was eight years old. And so, when she had been offered the opportunity to spend her winter break on the island of Maui working at the PAN-STARRS observatory, she jumped at the chance. Working at the most sophisticated facility of its kind in the world, assisting in its never-ending search for potentially hazardous Near Earth Objects (or NEO's) such as asteroids and comets. It all seemed very glamorous...until she realized that entering data for the computer to analyze for hours on end was neither exciting nor glamorous. In fact, nothing much had really happened since she arrived in Maui. Her original excitement at spending winter break on this beautiful Hawaiian island faded with the realization that she would be spending an enormous amount of time doing exactly what she was doing right now. Her vision of soaking up the winter sun on a beautiful Maui beach had been replaced by squinting at a computer screen night after night. The one bright spot had been the holiday mixer - where she met Charles. Selected members of the PAN-STARRS staff traveled to Oahu to attend the Joint Base holiday mixer. As PAN-STARRS was partially funded by the U.S. Defense Department, due to its military applications, these mixers were seen as a necessary evil. That being said, Melody was quite impressed with the nature of the mixer at the Admirals residence. Growing up in San Francisco and spending the bulk of her higher education at U.C. Berkeley, she had almost no contact with anyone in the military - until now. And there was certainly no lack of handsome young officers paying attention to her. But the one that intrigued her the most was the one young officer that was ignoring her - Charles Smith. Lieutenant Smith certainly stood out from the crowd - literally because he stood out...apart from everyone else. Everyone at the mixer seemed to gravitate into groups, with the military brass and PAN-STARRS officials making a great effort to have their groups mingle with one another as much as possible. Melody certainly didn't have much problem in attracting attention from many of the young officers present; but, as usual, none of them could see past her looks. But this short, squat, average looking officer was virtually ignoring her - and that was intriguing. Melody, in the course of making small talk, found out some very interesting things about Lieutenant Charles Smith. He had graduated from the Naval Academy second in his class. He had been the first officer from his graduating class to be promoted to full Lieutenant. And, during his first posting as a junior watch officer on board the frigate U.S.S. Scott , he had been awarded the Navy Cross and Purple Heart for gallantry in action while the frigate was engaging Somali pirates off the Horn of Africa in 2066. These revelations inspired Melody to learn more about this enigmatic man, so, at her first opportunity, she excused herself from her growing crowd of admirers and went in search of Lieutenant Smith. After a quick visit to the ladies room (her original excuse for breaking away from the group), she made a quick survey of the Admiral's residence and found him standing on the back patio, drink in hand, looking up at the night sky. Tentatively, she approached Lieutenant Smith. He didn't seem to notice her as she shyly walked out onto the patio. "Good evening," he said in a smooth, well modulated voice. "Uhh...hello," Melody, surprised, managed to stammer out. "Won't they get lonely?" He asked as he took a sip from his drink. "Who?" Melody asked, confused. Lieutenant Smith finally turned to her, looking at her for the first time. He gave her a crooked grin as he answered her. "Your admirers, of course," he says, nodding back towards the residence. "Oh. Uhh, well...they were nice and all, but..." Melody found herself blushing and wondered why this man was affecting her this way. "I'm Charles," he says suddenly, offering his hand. Melody took his hand in hers and noticed that he, too, was blushing slightly. "Melody. Nice to meet you, Charles," she says softly. "My pleasure, Melody," Charles says. "Have we ever spoken before?" Melody frowned, puzzled. "No, I don't believe so," she says. "You work for PAN-STARRS?" he asks. "Yes," Melody nods, "But only until the end of next month." "I see," Charles says thoughtfully. "And what happens then?" "I go back to school," Melody says. "Berkeley. I'm in the Astronomy Graduate Program there." At this news Melody saw Charles redden and he turned away slightly. "My apologies," he stammered out. "When you said you worked for PAN-STARRS I assumed you worked in the office - you know - clerical." "You mean like a receptionist, or secretary?" Melody asked. Rather than taking offense at his assumption, she was instead amused - and a little touched that he would so freely offer up his apology. "Yes," Charles says. "I assumed - well, I mean, because you - what I'm trying to say is -" "Is that someone that looks like me couldn't possibly be an astronomer?" Melody finished for him gently. "Pretty sexist of me, huh?" Charles asks quietly, not looking Melody in the eye. "Very," Melody says with a smile. His honesty and bluntness is so refreshing! She says to herself. "I'm sorry," he says in a rush. "I didn't mean to offend -" "No offense taken, Charles," Melody quickly says. "So what