Optional titles: Ethereal; angels like you deserve to go to hell [when this idea came to me, it was four in the morning yesterday, why i am actually publishing this terrible thing i did when i was sleep deprived] Disclaimer: I don't own any thing remotely related to the Percy Jackson series(es). " Reports have shown that this asteroid is being assessed immediately, and no one was in the field at the time. The FBI are searching the area behind us, as I speak- " "You didn't have to turn off the TV, you know." Piper shrugs. "I wanted to." Calypso nods. "It's fine. I just wanted to see if anyone got any pictures of me." Piper pours another cup of tea. "No one saw you leave there. They all think you're an asteroid anyway." "It's better that way." Calypso states, accepting the cup of tea. The cup is chipped, but that doesn't matter, just as how it's not apart of a set. Piper snorts. "Well, how would you react if someone told you an angel fell from the sky." "I would laugh and say, ' Yeah I know, that was me .'" Calypso says, and Piper laughs. Piper braids Calypso's hair quietly. "It's raining pretty hard, right now." She whispers. Calypso turns her head. "Is that rain? I've never seen rain before." "Is that so?" Calypso nods, and hands Piper a hair tie. There's a flower on it, as Piper came to realize Calypso likes flowers in her hair. "I've always been on the other side of it. Where I came from, we're above the clouds." Calypso says. "Huh." The rain pauses for a moment, as if to hear their conversation. When the rhythmic thumping is heard again, Piper breaks a cookie in half. She offers Calypso half, and she doesn't accept it. "Do you want to go out in the rain?" Piper asks, swallowing. Calypso stares out the window. "Is it safe?" Piper simply smiles. "Maybe. Depends on how the weather is going to be. " "Oh." Piper continues. "I mean, we could get electrocuted, or something. Or get sick." "Oh." Calypso turns away from the window. Piper wipes her hands on her sweatpants. "Come on, I think the rain is going to stop in an hour, let's enjoy it while it lasts." Calypso smiles. "Okay." Inviting Leo over was a mistake. "Did it hurt when you fell from heaven, babe?" Leo wiggles his eyebrows, when Calypso comes down the stairs. Piper punches Leo arm, and he rubs it like it actually hurts. "Yes actually. It was very painful, and my halo got torn off by a star." Calypso deadpans, and Leo blinks. "Uh, okay?" Leo gives a look towards Piper, saying can you believe this girl? Piper swirls her spoon around in a red cup of hot chocolate. "So Leo, how've you been?" Leo begins rambling, and Piper doesn't really listen. Her thoughts fill with little girls with halos, dancing around stars. "That's great. More coffee?" Piper interrupts, trying to create an excuse to go leave and clear her head. "Sure." "What about you Calypso?" Piper asks sweetly. Calypso looks confused, as she had been wrapped up in Leo's story. "Yes, please. Oh, please do continue Leo." Leo looks smug, as Piper leaves into the kitchen to pour some coffee. She pretends to ignore the laughter coming from the other room. Her grip on the coffee pot tightens, and Piper nearly spills hot coffee on her hand. "Here ya go." Piper says, placing the cups on the coffee table. Leo shoots Piper a grin. "So, sunshine? Where are you from?" "New Zealand." Comes Calypso's automatic response. Pride fills Piper's chest as she hears the other girl say what Piper taught her to. Leo nods. "Cool," he says, and Piper doubts he even knows where New Zealand is. "How long are you staying here?" Calypso looks at Piper, who stares back. "I don't know. A while." Piper is oddly pleased with that answer. "Can I see them?" Piper asks one day. Calypso closes her book, and puts in on the bed next to her. "See what?" Piper doesn't say anything, but somehow Calypso understood. "Oh. Those." Calypso mutters, unbuttoning her shirt. Her shirt falls limply to the sheets, and a familiar and unwanted feeling coils in Piper's chest. Calypso closes her eyes, concentrating. "Close your eyes, you can't see this part." Piper does as advised, and closes her eyes. A bright light shines, so bright it feels like the sun was burning through her eyelids straight into her retinas. It dims, quickly afterward. "You can open them now." Calypso says, and Piper does. "Whoa." Is all Piper can say. "Can I touch them?" Calypso's wings flutter. "Yeah." Piper reaches out with one hand, and places her hand at the stem of the wings that were connecting with Calypso's back. She could feel a pulse, and she immediately removed her hand. "It's alive?" Calypso flaps her wings together, causing Piper's hair to fly in her face. "They're apart of me." "Oh." Piper says, reaching out touch them again. It feels like touching bottled up heaven among clouds of cotton candy. Piper isn't sure why, but that's how she felt. "They're pretty though. Freaking huge, but pretty." Piper watches as the appendages closed around Calypso, sealing her off from the world for a brief minute. "I know." Calypso says, and Piper can't help but to think her voice seemed distant. The fire in the fireplace gives off a cozy warmth, that Piper loves. Calypso sits next to her, snuggling up with the blankets. Her wings are out, and surrounding the two girls, as Piper holds two graham crackers. "What is it that you're making again?" Calypso questions again, French braiding Piper's hair. Piper was proud to teach her how to do that. " S'mores . A human delicacy." Calypso rolls her eyes, and points to the chocolate wrappers. "I know what s'mores are, it's just that I though you ate them with chocolate." "You do. I just happened to eat it all." Piper grins, stabbing a marshmallow with a stick. Calypso doesn't say much else, and only the crackling off the fire is heard. Piper glances at the clock on top of the mantle. 12:01. "Merry Christmas." Piper mutters to herself, but Calypso hears her. "It's Christmas, already? I thought tomorrow was Christmas." Calypso gasps, letting go of Piper's braid. It unravels in Calypso's finger's absence. Piper shrugs. "Today is tomorrow." She sits on her knees, and waddles away. Piper returns back, with a two boxes in hand. "Merry Christmas." She repeats. Calypso flushes red, and accepts the presents. She opens the bigger one first. "Clothes, with holes in them?" Calypso raises and eyebrow, as she flips the shirts and sweaters from front to back. "It's for your wings. You won't have to take off your shirt to display them now. I know you feel more comfortable with them out, anyway." Piper explains, causing a smile to light up Calypso's face. "Thank you." She says, as she opens the second, and much more smaller box. Piper likes the way Calypso's eyes light up. "Can you put it on?" Piper scoots behind Calypso, to put on the piece of jewellery. It was only a necklace, it's charm was just a silver and pink tropical flower. A hibiscus as Piper learned. Calypso smiles, creating weird movements in Piper's chest, and reaches to touch the charm. "Thank you." Calypso kisses Piper's cheek. Piper relies on instinct, and surges forward to return the kiss, but to Calypso's lips. It was entirely possible that Calypso is the embodiment of heaven, and her lips are a gift sent from God, himself. "What does it feel like to fly?" Piper asks, flipping through channels. Calypso cocks her head. "I'm not sure if I entirely remember. Tasted like freedom, I guess. Like no one holding me back, and I could do whatever I wanted, whenever." "Do you want to go flying again?" Calypso hesitates. " Sometimes I miss it. But it's winter right now, right?" Piper wonders if it's really the weather holding Calypso back, or was it Piper herself. Sometime in January, Leo returns to catch up with Piper. Calypso doesn't mind at all. "You two are girlfriends now? That's hot." Leo comments, and Piper rolls her eyes. "Shut up, Mr. Single." Leo places his hands over his heart like he's wounded. "Ouch, Pipes, and to think I thought you loved me." "It is not you, but my dazzling Calypso, who I love more." Piper says, kissing Calypso's hand. Calypso giggles. "Great. Now, I'm the only one who's single." Leo whines, and Piper perks up. "Really? How are the others?" Piper asks, sitting up in her chair. She hadn't been in contact with any of her friends since- well, when she found Calypso out in that field, which was practically half a year ago. Not that anyone tried contacting Piper back, and simply driving to Piper's house was a struggle. One of the cons of living in quite literally the middle of nowhere. "Everyone's great. Annie and Percy had their kid. She's a devious one, and that's coming from me ." Leo says. "Hazel's trying for a baby, so that's that. Frank said he wants to have a boy, and I told him to name it Leo Jr . He then ignored me for a few days, so I'm going to see them on Sunday." "And Jason?" Piper asks. To Piper's surprise, Leo scowls. "On and off relationship. We're going through some stuff." Leo didn't seem like he wants to talk about it, so Piper doesn't ask. Calypso turns on the radio, to avoid the awkward silence. "How'd you end up here in the first place, anyway." Piper said, combing her fingers through Calypso's hair. Calypso rolls on her stomach, exhausted. "I don't want to talk about it." Piper furrows her eyebrows, concerned. "Why, what happened?" "I don't want to talk about it." Calypso glares at Piper. Piper backs off. "Sheesh, sheesh, alright, I was just asking." Calypso closes her eyes, and falls asleep shortly after, leaving Piper to dream about fallen angels. Piper screams into her pillow. The phone rings twice, before Annabeth picks up. "Hello?" She says. Piper bits her lip. "Hi Annie." Annabeth gasps and begins yelling at Piper for not calling, who took it all in meekly. She croaks out a simple "Sorry.", and Annabeth calms down. "How are you, Piper?" Annabeth asks. Piper isn't sure how to answer, as she curls her finger around and around the curly cord connected to the phone. "Fine. How are you?" Annabeth gives a tasteless laugh. "I just had a baby, what do you think? It's been forever since I've slept." "Heh. What's his name?" Piper leans on the kitchen wall, toying the cord. "Her. It's Annabelle." Annabeth says, and Piper frowns. Has it really been so long since she's talked to Annabeth, that she doesn't even know her child's gender? "Oh. Is Percy around?" Annabeth laughs."No. The idiot had to go to the dry cleaners to get suit washed. I told him not to wear it while feeding the baby, but he said it would save time ." Piper laughs too, feeling more and more comfortable with the conversation. They begin talking about random topics, like how old they were getting, how's the weather, how much Percy is a dolt, etc. Piper was about ready to say goodbye to her friend, when she remembered. "Oh, hey Annie? I met someone." Piper says, and then she hears a thud. Not a second later, Annabeth's voice comes back on. Annabeth sounds happy. "Sorry, Annabelle knocked something over. And really, did you? What's he like?" Piper makes a noise from the back of her throat. " She. Her name is Calypso." "Calypso. huh? What's she like? Is she better than-you know- Jason? Is that why you haven't called?" Annabeth shoots question after question. "She's really nice and sweet