I do not own Harry Potter. "Get up." snapped Aunt Petunia, from outside the cupboard. She knocked on the door loudly. Harry began to get up but I just curled up under the blanket, if you could even call it that. It was so thin that it might as well not have been there. Harry turned back to me. "Come on, get up Mia." I ignored him and buried my head under the pillow. He sighed and grabbed my feet. "I warned you." he said as he grabbed my feet and yanked me out of bed. He hadn't really thought it through though. I ended up on top of him, and both of us squished between the bed, the door and the wall. We slept in the cupboard under the stairs at Number 4, Privet Drive. There was a single bed, which Harry and I shared, a box for us to keep our belongings in, and a cracked mirror which hung on the wall. There was about a square foot of floor space in front of the door, and that was it. I scrambled off of Harry and back onto the bed. I didn't try to snuggle back under the blankets though. I sat on the bed and quickly got changed. All my clothes came from Aunt Petunia, so they were all hideous or too big. I looked in mirror and sighed at my reflection. I had dark red hair and green eyes. Nothing else about my appearance was different from other people, except for my mark. I say mark but really it was more of a tattoo. It was right below my collarbone, smack in the center. It looked like a skull with a snake coming out of the mouth. It was a reddish colour. When I was younger, Aunt Petunia took me to a number of doctors trying to get it removed but they could never make any difference. I asked Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon about where I got it, but they always turned away and didn't answer. Harry and I didn't look particularly similar, except for our eyes. Harry and I had identical green eyes. They were the same shape, the same shade and the same size. The only difference was that Harry wore glasses and I did not. He had his own mark, but it wasn't a tattoo. It was a scar, the shape of a lightning bolt on his forehead. The Dursleys told him that he got it in the car crash when our parents died. I think there is more to it then that though. We went to the kitchen, and saw the massive pile of presents in the living room. I realized that it was Dudley's birthday. I groaned quietly. Every year, on Dudley's birthday, the Dursleys would take him and a friend out for the day. They would go to the movies, or a sports game, or something like that. They would never take Harry or I though. They left us with a crazy old lady who had tons of cats, Mrs. Figg. We hated it there, because all we did was look at Mrs. Figg's pictures of cats. All the cats she had ever owned, in fact. Aunt Petunis caught sight of me and Harry standing in the doorway gaping at Dudley's stack of gifts. "Get over here and cook breakfast!" she snapped at me. I was expected to do all the cooking in the house, never mind that I was nine years old. My birthday was approaching, and I would be ten soon. Harry and I were born on the same day, but I was a year younger. I always assumed that the Dursleys made me cook because I was a girl, and also because Harry burned everything he touched. I sighed and went over to cook the bacon and eggs. Harry gave me a sympathetic look as he went to set the table. Dudley came downstairs and ran into the kitchen. He looked into the living room and began to count his presents. I glared at him angrily. When it was Harry and I's birthday, we could count our presents on one hand. In fact we didn't even need a hand to count our presents. "There's only THIRTY-SEVEN!" yelled Dudley from the living room, "Last year I had THIRTY-EIGHT!" I had to give Aunt Petunia credit. She knew exactly what to say when Dudley was about to throw a tantrum. "But you've forgotten that when we go out, we are going to buy you three more presents." she said. Dudley calmed down, and the rest of us relaxed. "Then I'll have...Um..." he said, thinking hard. "Forty." I said from the kitchen. "Nobody asked you." Dudley snapped. I glared at him. "It's not my fault that you're too stupid to do simple addition." I snapped back. "DON'T YOU SPEAK TO MY SON LIKE THAT!" shouted Uncle Vernon, "NOW GET BREAKFAST READY!" I gritted my teeth and served breakfast. After everyone had been served and we were all eating, the phone rang. Aunt Petunia answered it and her face fell. She hung up and looked at us all. "Mrs. Figg broke her leg. She can't take them." she said in a rush. Dudley looked furious but Harry and I shared a hopeful look. Uncle Vernon turned to us. We quickly looked down at our plates. There was no better way to make sure our day would be miserable than to look hopeful. "What do we do with them?" said Aunt Petunia. "What about Marge?" asked Uncle Vernon. "She's on vacation. Besides, she hates them." replied Aunt Petunia. "Your friend Yvonne." "On holiday." "Why not just leave us here?" Harry suggested. "And find the house in ruins when we get back." snarled Uncle Vernon. "Why don't we take them, and leave them in the car." said Aunt Petunia. "It's a new car, they're not staying in it alone." scowled Uncle Vernon. Dudley began to wail. He wasn't really crying, he just screamed and screwed up his porky face and then Aunt Petunia would give him everything he wanted. The doorbell rang and Dudley stopped pretending to cry as Aunt Petunia ran to get the door. A moment later, Piers Polkiss had entered the kitchen. He was a fat boy who looked like an overlarge rat. He was Dudley's best friend and second-in-command of Dudley's gang. I hated him. Our guardian angel must have been looking out for us, because ten minutes later, we were all tucked into the back of Uncle Vernon's car. The Dursleys were taking us to the zoo with them, for lack of other options. Before we left Uncle Vernon had pulled Harry and I aside and snarled threats at us if anything went wrong. We arrived at the zoo and Uncle Vernon bought Piers and Dudley massive chocolate ice creams and hurried Harry and I away before we could get anything. It wasn't a bad day at the zoo and at lunch, Dudley had a fit because the bun on his Bacon Burger was squished and Harry and I got to split the first. After lunch, we went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark inside. Dudley and Piers went to find the biggest snake in the place, but I split off from the Dursleys and Harry and wandered away, though still keeping them in sight. I looked in to a small cage and saw the occupant. It was a pretty blue green snake. It was a very venomous adder, but I felt sorry for it. The cage was far too small for the snake to live in comfort. "Hello." I murmured to the snake. "Greetingssss." it hissed back. My jaw dropped open. I was talking to a snake. "You can talk?" I asked incredulously. "I'm not talking human. You're talking ssssnake." it replied calmly. I frowned. "I can't speak snake." I replied. The snake laughed. It was a very odd sound. "You are talking sssssnake." I stared. I was so enraptured that I didn't notice Piers right behind me. He laughed. "You're so weird." he said as he shoved me hard. I landed on the floor hard. "Talking to a snake !" he smirked. I glared at him angrily. I wanted to hurt him, but I knew I couldn't retaliate or the Dursleys be pissed. I looked at the snake cage and I thought of how scared Piers would be of that snake, if it wasn't locked in a cage. Suddenly, the glass on the front of the cage vanished. The adder lunged at Piers and he ran away. I was still on the ground but I scooted away from the snake. I had been talking to it, and I didn't think that it would hurt me, but it was still and adder. "Relax," it hissed. "I won't hurt you." I did relax a bit but I still tensed up when it slithered towards me. It carefully coiled around my wrist, under my long sleeves. The zoo manager people came running over to catch the snake. I had a choice. I could sell the snake out, and it would spend the rest of it's life in a tiny cage, or I could hide it, and let it go in a park so it could be free. The zoo people began to inspect the cage, and I slipped away before they noticed me, and kept the snake hidden. I rushed over to Harry, who was on the floor by the big snake cage. I didn't notice the big brown boa constrictor until I was right in front of it. I backed away from it but it advanced towards me. "Don't hurt me." I said as I shuffled away from it. "You too?" it hissed. I raised my eyebrows, but the boa had already slithered away and out the door. The Dursleys grabbed me and Harry and dragged us out of the zoo. They drove us back to Number 4, and as soon as Piers was out of the house, Uncle Vernon locked us in the cupboard. Harry told me what happened with the boa constrictor and I told him about the adder, whom I had let out in the garden before anyone noticed. That night, I slipped out of the cupboard, after picking the lock, to get some food. I grabbed a banana and an apple from the fruit bowl and a couple granola bars, for Harry and I. I got back to the cupboard safely and we carefully hid the food, so we had something to eat until we were let out. I hopped back into bed and we were locked in the cupboard for a week, excluding the bathroom trips that Uncle Vernon allowed us, and my secret trips out to steal food. The morning after we were let out, I entered the kitchen to a truly awful smell. Aunt Petunia was doing something in a bowl on the counter. I assumed that was where the smell was coming from. Harry entered the kitchen a moment later. He also wrinkled his nose at the smell. "What is that?" he asked. "Your new uniform for Stonewall High. I'm dying some of Dudley's old things grey for you. It will look like everyone else's when I'm done." snapped Aunt Petunia. I shot Harry a sympathetic look. I seriously doubted that it would. I was still at elementary school, but Harry was going to Stonewall High, and Dudley was going to Smeltings, Uncle Vernon's old school. Speaking of Dudley, he was parading around in his new uniform for Smeltings. I couldn't care less about his uniform, but it came with a knobbly stick, supposedly used for hitting other boys when the teachers weren't looking. I was just concerned that Dudley would decide to hit me with the stick, which was more than likely. We were all sitting down to breakfast, (courtesy of me)when the post came. "Get the post Dudley." said Uncle Vernon "Make Harry get