"The sun and moon are lamps of incomparably beautiful light." ~ Sri Guru Granth Sahib "Let us, then, be up and doing, with a heart for any fate; still achieving, still pursuing, learn to labor and to wait." ~ Henry Wadsworth Longfellow "Moonlit" ~*~ Chapter One ~*~ It was a wet March when Bella Swan arrived back at her father's home in Forks, Washington. The recent rain gave everything a luster of gray, turning the verdant rural scenery into a mockery of depression. The wet monochrome couldn't be more of a contrast to what Bella was used to in her previous home in Arizona. Bella sighed, looking out of the window on the passenger side of her father's police cruiser. She knew that her emotions were coloring her thoughts. Coming back to Forks, the home where she lived the first eight years of her life, had been her own idea. Yet leaving the blue-skied and red burnt landscape of Phoenix with its silver skyscrapers was not easy. She was doing it for her mother, who finally had something permanent in her life that was good for her. Her new husband, Phil, would treat her well and look after her. Bella was just in the way, preventing her mother from being able to join Phil as he traveled with the Minor League. "Do you remember Billy Black?" Charlie's voice called her attention back into the car. Even though she'd lived with her father for almost the first decade of her life, the last nine years had brought Bella to think of him as "Charlie" in her head. "You used to play with his kids on La Push." "I remember. Why do you ask?" Charlie's attention remained focused on the road. "Ever since he's been in a wheelchair he hasn't been able to drive his truck. So he sold it to me cheap." It took a moment for the thought to sink in. "You bought me Billy's old truck?" Bella asked. "Billy and his son Jacob have both done a lot of work on the engine. It runs great. They don't build them like that anymore. You'll see in just a minute." Bella did see. The clouds were thinning slightly by the time they pulled up to her father's house, her old house and new house again. Parked in the driveway sat a truck Bella had only been able to vaguely recall. The red was faded and though it was small compared to the trucks leaving the manufacturing belt these days, large fenders and a round cab space gave it the impression of being huge. It was one of those solid vehicles that somehow managed to remain intact after an accident that left expensive sports cars in pieces. It was awesome. "Wow, Dad, I love it! Thanks!" The truck wasn't alone in the driveway. Both Black men were waiting for the Swans to arrive, their handicap vehicle parked parallel to the road. Jacob, a boy of about fifteen, had been shifting his weight from foot to foot as he stood behind his father's wheelchair. He looked up when he recognized the cruiser pulling alongside him. Billy, a handsome older Native American, had a big smile on his face. "Bella!" he called to her in a somewhat long drawl as she stepped out of the passenger seat. His voice carried hints of timeless secrets and birds flying high above the trees. It gave Bella a warm rush of familiarity. "Billy." The one word greeting contained more than her smile; it was all fondness for a man she once knew as a child. It might have been awkward to bend over to hug him in the wheelchair, but Bella managed it without making her or Billy feel self-conscious about his change of health since they'd last spoken. Internally, Bella wished such a thing had never happened to him. "Thanks for the truck. I've been saving up to buy one when I got here, so I'd be happy to help pay you a little extra." "Bella," Charlie protested, but Billy waved them both off. "Not a worry, girl. That tank will keep you safe. Anything goes wrong, you can call on us. Jake here is almost as good a mechanic as I am." The nervous boy stepped forward and held out his hand. "Nice to see you again, Bella." Shifting her attention to the son, Bella took his hand and tried not to grin too widely. Jacob was obviously trying to come off as mature. "Hi, again, Jacob." Bella tried to put him a little more at ease. "You worked on fixing up the engine?" Jacob smiled. His teeth shone especially white against the russet color of his skin and the long black of his hair. He was fairly pretty, for a boy of fifteen. "You bet. Just don't ever go more than sixty and you'll be fine." From out of the trunk, Charlie had grabbed the final two of Bella's bags. Her carry-on dangled from the thick strap around her shoulder. "I'll take these inside, Bells. You and Jake can meet me and Billy there once he's done showing off." Jacob rolled his eyes at Charlie, but he was grinning. Once the men disappeared into the yellow two-bedroom house, Jacob was hopping with excitement, forgetting all pretense at pretending he was older than she was. "I was psyched when Dad told me Charlie was buying you this truck. Now that this one is gone, I can start building my own car. I've got a VW Rabbit I've had my eye on, and I can fix it up by the time I've got my license, I'm pretty sure." "Wow." Bella was suitably impressed. She certainly couldn't have done that when she was fifteen. "Yeah," Jacob grinned at her again, white teeth flashing charmingly. "C'mon, hop in and I'll show you how to run this thing." He swung open the driver's side cab door. That was how Bella ended up in the emergency room at Forks Hospital before she entered into her own house. Bella turned towards the truck just as Jacob was opening the door, and she took the full strength of the swing on her right temple. The wet landscape of her father's property flashed with dots of bright light and she was on the ground. (~*~) The advantage of having the police chief as your father when you're accident-prone was the quickness with which sirens could leave your driveway and escort you into town. Of course, with Forks, there wasn't nearly as much traffic as there would have been in Phoenix, so the sirens were mostly unnecessary. In fact, they were embarrassingly over the top. Bella looked under her eyes at her father from where her head lay pressed against the passenger window, mortified at the tale of her re-entry into town that would quickly circulate. "Dad, is this really necessary?" Her father didn't even turn. "How many heads do I have, Bella?" Bella groaned, and didn't answer. Truthfully, she saw only one head when she squinted at her father, but it had a shadowy afterimage that shouldn't be there. Charlie took her lack of response as proof that he'd made his point. Bella was put into a wheelchair and rolled into the emergency room by a nurse whose nametag read "Diana" while Charlie filled out insurance information at the registration desk. The emergency room wasn't a separate wing with private exam rooms, but one long open space with a row of beds separated by curtains on chains that could curve round the whole bed if needed. At the moment no one else was in it, for which Bella was grateful. She didn't want to have to share her clumsiness with anyone other than the nurse and doctor that had to examine her. After the nurse had helped Bella move from the chair to the bed, she got out a clipboard and took Bella's heart rate and blood pressure. Then she cut straight to the chase. "Isabella, have you had anything alcoholic to drink today?" "No," Bella sighed her answer, used to the usual questions to check her status upon admittance. "I don't drink, and I've been with my father since he picked me up at the airport." "Any drugs, something before your father picked you up, perhaps?" The nurse's voice was bland, but Bella resented the implication of her last words. "What? No." Her offense must have come across as genuine, for the nurse just nodded and checked her clipboard, easily moving on through the rest. She was short and brunette, her bob of a haircut clipped in the back. Purple latex gloves that somehow managed to match her flowered scrubs clung to her hands in ridges as they moved along the clipboard. "Can you tell me what happened?" "Yes. I walked into the path of a swinging car door. Accidentally." "And what happened next?" Scribble on the clipboard. "I fell onto the ground." "Did you lose consciousness?" Scribble, scribble. "No, but I felt jarred." This time the nurse looked up. "Jarred how?" she pressed. The eyes were more kindly now, and her face was more welcoming than Bella had noticed yet. Of course, maybe the dark blob overlapping it had hidden the gentleness there before, and Bella had simply let the tone of voice dictate the woman's personality. Bella attempted to shrug, but couldn't complete the motion for the dizziness it gave her. "My senses were kind of focused on the contact of car hits head, body hits ground. I saw bright dots." Bella added after a second. Now she really had the nurse's attention. "Do you see them still?" "No," Bella shook her head. "But I do have some sort of shadowy image everywhere I look." "Afterimage?" "No, more like a blob." "Does it follow your eyes, or stay to one side as you look around?" Bella looked across the room from left to right to confirm her answer before she gave it. "It follows the center of where I look." "Uh-huh." The nurse was scratching her pen along the clipboard again. The ink on the ballpoint must have been drying out. "Does it leave a trail as it follows, like floaters?" Bella scrunched her face at the nurse. "I don't know what you mean by floaters." "That's alright," the nurse said, dismissing her own questions. Her eyes were caught on something behind Bella, before she stood to walk past her. Slowly Bella turned around to see what the nurse was doing. Probably the doctor had come in. Her jaw dropped. She might not be able to see clearly through the tunnel-like blob, but she knew that she was seeing a man unlike any she'd ever laid eyes on before. He was young for a doctor, blond, and ridiculously handsome. From what Bella could make from the short distance, his skin was pale and she imagined his eyes would be a bright blue that matched the beauty of the rest of his features. He took the clipboard from the nurse as she leaned in and spoke to him quietly. Nodding to her, he looked over the notes she had made. "Thank you, Diana," he said before turning and walking towards Bella. His voice was remarkably appealing, comforting as a doctor's voice should be, yet also somewhat stimulating. As he moved closer Bella was able to see his features more clearly, and she was surprised that their perfection didn't diminish in the least. She'd expected, like moving closer to a picture or painting, that picking up on more minute details would remove the unblemished impression you got from distance. She did notice more as the doctor stopped by the bed. He was pale, almost too pale, and the set of his face gave the impression of being tired. If it weren't for the empty ER Bella might say that he was overworked. His eyes were what really startled her. They weren't blue like she'd expected, but they were bright. Bright gold