Pop Goes Metal US Tour A/N: Hey guys, HistoricalPJOFan here. I know it's been awhile, and I've decided to start a new story with some characters of my own creation. If you didn't read the description, you probably should. And don't worry, I plan to finish 'The Betrayed's Revenge' so be happy in that fact. Anyway, none of the songs belong to me and enjoy the story. Chapter 1: Break-up -3 days until Prom- Tom POV I lifted the harness away from my body to ease the pain my drums were causing my back. I looked around at my drumline and noticed the rest of the section was involved in similar activities as myself. I lowered the harness back down and walked over to where Percy was with the rest of the trumpet section and said, "Percy, how is your section learning the drill?" "Tom, you know the freshman still can't march to save their lives but before you start bashing my guys get your section in order first." I placed my hand on my chest in mock offense, "Are you implying that my glorious drumline can't march?" "I'm not implying it, I'm telling you that they can't." "Alright you motherfucker, next break we get I'll prove that they can march." "You're on bitch." Just then our band director called to us, "Mr. Alexander and Mr. Jackson if you could please pay attention, I'm trying to have you guys out of here at a reasonable time." "Sorry Mr. Ross, Percy called me over to him." "Just get to your spot." I got to my spot as quickly as my tenors would allow me to and snapped to attention. While myself and the rest of the band ran through the drill for our marching band show, I let my mind wander. We had gone through this so many times I could do it in my sleep, and yet there was still a load of people that still couldn't figure it out. Once we stopped I stole a quick glance at Percy and waved at him jokingly. Percy laughed and returned the gesture. I looked over to my lead snare player, Leo, and asked, "Hey man, you and Calypso still dating?" "You would know if we weren't, we've been together for two years now. Almost three, why do you ask?" "Well Jason's throwing a prom after party and I'm inviting you two to it." "That bastard. He didn't tell me about it himself. I'm gonna TP his house after this." I laughed and gazed over the rest of the band and my eyes landed on the girl I'd been crushing on since the last week of eighth grade when we took the group's first group photo. Back then Calypso and Frank hadn't yet transferred to Goode yet. I was so engrossed in Camden's long, blond hair that I was ran over by Frank and his sousaphone smashed into my head and we hit the ground like a ton of bricks. Frank slid himself out of his bulky instrument and moved it off of me. I was a little dazed so I didn't register what was going on around me. I vaguely heard Annabeth's voice saying something and felt someone press a cloth-like material over my forehead. Percy POV I was in the middle of air playing my solo when I saw Frank run into Tom and the two of them fall to the ground in a heap. Frank got up rather quickly but Tom was just lying there which had me a little worried. Annabeth jogged over to see what was wrong. She knelt down and yelled out, "Can someone give me their shirt or something? Tom's has a nasty cut on his forehead." I took my shirt off and ran over to Annabeth and handed it to her. I saw her eyes linger on my abs and I winked at her when we made eye contact. She just rolled her eyes and pressed my shirt on Tom's forehead. I walked over to Frank who was having a mini freak out, the poor guy was worried that he'd hurt Tom really bad. "Hey Frank. He's fine man, it's just a cut dude he'll live." "Why isn't he alert? What if I gave him a concussion?" Nico spoke up, "Frank, you worry too much, doctor Annabeth will make sure he's ok." Frank just nodded. I patted him on his shoulder and walked back to where Annabeth and Tom were. Annabeth had Tom sitting up and was asking questions to make sure he didn't have any brain damage. Once she made sure he was ok, Annabeth tied my shirt around his head until she could find him some gauze to keep the injury clean. I knelt down and asked, "What happened? Did you forget how to march?" Tom just laughed and gave me look saying he would tell me later. Our band director walked up to us and asked, "Thomas, are you alright?" "I'm fine Mr. Ross, just a small scratch sir." "In any case I want to sit out for the rest of practice today so you don't risk hurting yourself anymore. I'll have another student make sure you don't show any signs of a concussion." "Yes sir, I'm going to go sit down under those trees." "I'll send someone over in a few minutes." I watched Tom slowly get up carefully walk over to the rest area. Mr. Ross called Camden over and talked to her quietly. She nodded and jogged over to Tom's position. When I finally realized, what had happened, I couldn't help but laugh at my friend's predicament. The one girl he had been crushing on since we were in middle school is the student Mr. Ross sends to ensure Tom doesn't pass out. Oh, I hope he's ready for the massive grilling we're all gonna give him once we leave practice. Annabeth POV After Camden left to tend to Tom, Mr. Ross had us all do one final run through of our show. Poor Frank was still so torn up about running tom over that he couldn't concentrate and ended up making enough mistakes for Mr. Ross to notice, "Mr. Zhang, are you alright? You've never been this out of focus before." "I'm sorry sir, I'm just worried about Tom." "Ah I see, well Zhang go sit out with him so you can see for yourself that he is fine." Frank just nodded and went to join Camden and Tom over at our rest area. I gave a sympathetic look as he passed and he nodded his head thanks. After a few more decent run-throughs, Mr. Ross released us and the whole group naturally began gravitating towards where Tom, Frank and Camden were seated. Once everyone was seated around Tom, I realized just how messed up he was. His eyes seemed to not be able to focus on anyone and his face and arms were extremely pale. Hazel asked, "Hey Tom, are you alright?" "Yeah I'm fine Hazel…. I think." His attempt at a joke made Percy and Jason laugh, but everyone else and I got even more worried. Camden said, "Don't worry guys, dumbass here is gonna live. Sadly." She then turned to me, "Annabeth I must say. You did a really good job on the bandage, it had just enough pressure to stop the bleeding." I looked down and smiled in embarrassment and Percy wrapped his arm around me and said, "That's my Wisegirl, always the one to know how to do everything perfectly." I looked up at him and stuck my tongue out at him, causing him to laugh and bend down and plant a quick kiss on my forehead. Tom complained loudly, "Oh, come on guys, get a damn room." I snapped back and replied, "Hey just because you're the only one that can't get a girlfriend in the group doesn't mean that the guys can't kiss their girlfriends." I saw the hurt in Tom's as soon as the words left my mouth and I immediately regretted what I said. Before I could even think to apologize the hurt vanished and was replaced with the 'I don't give a fuck' look that Tom was famous for. The tension within the group was so thick after what I said that you could've cut it with a knife. Tom cleared his throat and I mentally braced myself for the coming rage. Then the bastard started laughing, and I mean really fucking laughing. "You motherfucker." I said. He just laughed even harder after my statement. Soon the whole group was laughing along with him. Then Luke from the alto-sax section walked over and planted a kiss on top of Camden's head, causing her to blush profusely and say, "Oh baby, how was practice?" Luke nodded to the group and sat down before he replied, "Oh, I don't know, weren't you there?" Camden laughed and replied, "Obviously not, I had to babysit this dipshit after he forgot to step off." Camden said, nodding her head in Tom's direction, then laughed. The group was soon to join her. I felt Percy clench his body after Camden started laughing. I said to him, "Seaweed Brain, are you ok?" Percy glanced at Tom and I followed his gaze. Tom had a knack for hiding his emotions from everyone, well everyone aside from Percy and myself. The hurt in his eyes was nearly enough to bring me to tears. It looked like someone had just shot his dog and made him eat it. I looked back at Percy, expecting an answer. All he said was, "It's up to Tom if I'm allowed to tell you." "What do you mean?" "Well he had me promise not to tell anyone, not even you. I don't even think my mom knows." I just nodded my head and scooted closer towards Percy's warm body and looked back at Tom, whose eyes still showed the all-encompassing hurt that he must've felt. Tom POV Not a lot of things can hurt my feelings, but what Annabeth said really hurt, but I knew she didn't know about my feelings so I wasn't all that sad about it. I cleared my throat and just laughed away the pain. Soon the whole group was laughing, unaware of what had just transpired within my mind. I felt better until Luke came over. I saw him kiss Camden on the top of her head, causing her to blush and laugh. I just saw red, I was so pissed. I didn't really hear what they were saying until I noticed Camden glance over to me. And heard her say, "….. I had to babysit this dipshit after he forgot to step off." She then laughed, causing the rest of the group to laugh. I bit back the tears that were about to form in my eyes. I felt Percy look at me and him give me a sympathetic look and just nodded. Annabeth looked at me with a questioning look, and I prayed to God that Percy wouldn't tell her. After a few minutes of just feeling sorry for myself, I decided that enough was enough and announced, "Alright you fuckers, I'll see you guys when we get ready for prom." Camden asked, "Why are you even going? You don't have a date, do you?" I just looked at her in disbelief and just walked towards my car. I fought back the pain while I heard Percy ask Camden 'What the fuck dude?'. I was thankful for all my friends but I just prayed that someday I'd meet a girl that could replace Camden in my mind. -Time Jump (Seven hours until Prom) - Tom POV I checked my watch to what time it was and realized we had like five hours until the guys had to get ready. I just laughed and knocked on Percy's apartment door. After a few second of waiting, I heard someone approach the door. The door opened and