First of all I wanted to make this AU because I want Sirius to have a good happy thing like James had with Lily and Remus had with Tonks. Canon Siris had a shit deal and I am not going to go over that again so I'm going to AU this fanfic because it's fanfic. Secondly, Slytherin has the highest percentage of purebloods and I doubt people like Lucius Malfoy would live in a 'damp, cold' Common Room described in canon so it's getting a major makeover. Lastly, I'm assuming more than one student brought a cat to Hogwarts so there's going to be a few roaming around because cats are precious and shouldn't be neglected in a storyline. Oh, and one last thing. The disclaimer for copyright and ownership (I do not have the rights). We all know who this belongs to, don't we? All hail Queen Rowling (she really is the best). Chapter One. Midori Brooks was not a nice witch. The sixth year Slytherin Prefect was the kind of girl who once made fun of squibs and occasionally made out with other people's boyfriends because the ensuing drama would give her an excuse to test out one of the more interesting spells from books from the Restricted Section of the library. Even the infamous Bellatrix Black knew not to mess with the petite raven-haired beauty with a tendency to hex someone before speaking. Ever since Midori defeated Black not once but thrice in a duel that fateful day in Greenhouse Two, Bellatrix developed a strange fixation with her younger Housemate, always trying to recruit her into some death-eating cult. Sure Midori was a little hostile and her perchance for mischief oft mistaken for malice but she wasn't anywhere twisted enough to be in Bellatrix's league, and the last cult she wanted to join was one spearheaded by a sociopath whose members thought snake-skulls with tongues hanging out were a cool thing to tattoo onto their own bodies. Gross. Just gross. As Midori strolled through the Slytherin Basement, fellow Prefect Lucius Malfoy called out a greeting. Lucius's girlfriend glanced up from her book with a scowl, jealousy sharpening her pretty face. Narcissa Black, Midori repressed a sigh, was a haughty ice princess with major insecurity issues. As the youngest sister from the noble (cough) House of Black she was just about the last girl Midori had expected to date the silver-tongued playboy of Slytherin but even she had to admit Lucius wasn't bad to look at even one overlooked the cancerous growth that constituted his personality. Narcissa slammed down her book down as Lucius inquired about Midori's day and began to rise, reaching into her robes. Midori whispered, "Aguamenti," pointing discreetly at the blonde's head. Water instantly drenched her slender classmate, sending nearby witnesses into roaring laughter and the victim careening into her sister. Bellatrix froze, looking torn between fury and amusement as ink spilled all over her parchment. As her sister spluttered and clung to her, Lucius outright laughed and clapped. Boyfriend of the year he was not. To prevent retaliation Midori placed a full Body-Bind Curse on Bellatrix before the witch could shake off her whining sister. Midori gave an innocent shrug as Narcissa spluttered like a drowned rat, too enraged to hex her back, or perhaps too scared to take her in a duel with Bellatrix incapacitated and her boyfriend evidently not going to serve as backup. Lucius paled dramatically as Midori shot him a narrow-eyed look and leveraged her wand at his crotch. "Flirt with me one more time and I'll serve your bollocks to Cissy as pâté." Silence was absolute as she made her way through the Commons. Lucius wasn't one to ignore a challenge and for some odd reason, the male population at Hogwarts considered Midori the ultimate red flag to their grotesque egos. Bets circulated ever since Fourth Year. Iron-black fireplaces shaped into a dragon's mouth centered on the west and east walls radiated warmth, washing over Midori as she weaved her way through fragrant leafy plants, shrubs, and bookshelves that formed a maze to partition the enormous room into semi-secluded alcoves for studying. Banners hung proudly from the ceiling, not the thick or heavy fabrics of other Houses but light, airy material that fluttered as if disturbed by a gentle, non-existent wind. Her mood lightened considerably as she followed a marbled pathway toward the sleeping quarters where emeralds the sizes of newt spleens, each worth a goblin's fortune lighting up beneath her feet as she glided over the paved trail. The long but not narrow path before her twisted deep underground, lit by small spheres of blue fire drifting through the air not unlike dandelion fluff. Like the entrance to the Slytherin Basement itself, the bedroom doors were hidden. Counting gemstones as reference Midori quickly located the area she sought and retrieved her wand, six and a quarter inches of the rare silver lime wood with the core of not one but two inseparable twin unicorn hairs, tapping it at a specific groove on the left wall. The wall shuddered and groaned but no door appeared. She tapped another groove and the same process happened. On her fifth attempt she'd succeeded in locating her room. The solid barrier beside her shimmered then melted away, revealing the entrance to a lavishly decorated room with not one but three queen sized beds. The Slytherin Basements were naturally the best available at Hogwarts. Midori's room was styled like a feature spread in Luxury Dwellings only with less red and more purple. Seventeen parcels rested neatly on her vanity table made of moonspun marble, and a ginger cat she never bothered to name purred loudly atop a clean pile of robes. Unlike the other Houses, all Slytherin from their very first year had their own rooms to appreciate. There was no sharing of space or dorms to be packed like cattle or peasants and since their House was located beneath the Great Lake so there was no size restriction to the dimensions of the private quarters, the only limitation the strength of spells to counteract water pressure and infrequent attacks by mermaids hammering on the windows. After sorting through letters, her ever meddlesome father expousing the wonders of arranged marriages which was utterly barbaric, Midori ripped into her package from Honeydukes before absently scanned the last letter, thinking it was another overdue library fine Boy was she wrong. The message ruined her entire evening, made her palms shake and the Sugar Quill she consumed turn to lead in her stomach. He's bluffing, she told herself firmly despite her racing heart and flushed cheeks. The initial shock eventually faded as denial gave way to fear. Forcing her fisted hands to unclench the crumpled pieces of parchment, Midori reread the elegant words that had sent her nerves into a tailspin. I have, in my possession, some delightful photos of you wearing nothing but dimples and posed like a naughty puss waiting to be spanked. If you care to preserve your modesty you know where to find me little Miss Sex Kitten. - S.B. Anger eventually came to her rescue, jolting her into action. After incinerating the message, a quick time check revealed it was only quarter to eight. Within minutes Midori found herself racing up the stairs into the Great Hall. Even as logic cautioned her to think before acting, she raced ahead, hexing the terrified younger students when they proved too slow to move. As she descended upon the Great Hall, the devil in the form of a handsome dark-haired boy glanced up from a generous heaping of apple crumble and several heads at the Gryffindor table turned to stare. James Potter greeted Midori with a long whistle and smirked, "Looking good, Brooks!" Normally she would've turned his hair grey but she was too incensed, too focused on her prey this time than spare Potter a withering glare. "You." Midori hissed at Black, the word emerging breathless and strangled. "You bastard! " "Actually my parents are still married, more's the pity." Sirius drawled as he dug a fork into a delicious, fragrant apple tart. "Simmer down, kitten, we have an audience. You don't want to cause a scene, do you?" In view of the teachers, a dozen curious Gryffindors, and one convulsing James Potter silently dissolving into a fit, Midori forced herself to calm and managed to grit out, "Could I please have a minute? Alone?" "Polite aren't you? Here, eat some pie. You look starved," Sirius smirked. A chorus of 'ooohs' from nearby idiot Gryffindors made Midori's vision mist red as warm apple filling and pastry smeared over her lips and chin. "Open," Black chided. "Look at you, you're shaking, kitten. If you faint on me I might have you kiss you." The temptation to hex Black was overwhelming Midori tasted blood as she bit back the words blistering her tongue, managing to refrain even as she gripped her wand, belatedly wiping her face. Forcing her shaking hands to steady, she cast a Souring Charm over the food within Black's immediately vicinity. His eyebrows pinched as his fork clattered to the floor. " Accio Pumpkin Pastry." Black lazily waved his wand. "Now, now, kitten, you still have my full attention, don't pout. I assure you I can multitask." "I need to talk to you." Midori snarled. She'd always been cool and collected, always prided herself on her calm composure no matter how rattled, but she'd never been tested like this. There were allowances to be made for hissy fits when confronting a blackmailer. "Right-o. If you want to talk so bad, give me your wand." Black arched an eyebrow. "Scared of poor little old me?" Midori taunted. Black merely shrugged. "I'm not stupid. You're one hell of a witch. Give me your wand or I'll wait for McGonagall to finish and help her escort all the first-years to bed." Midori brushed off the compliment, compressing her lips. She was not that pathetic little girl starved for attention or validation anymore, damn it! She was not going to melt because someone tossed some crumbs of praise her way! "Well?" Black murmured, "What's it going to be, kitten? Dinner's almost over and I have a busy week ahead of me. So much homework to do, you see." There was a thud and a crashing of plates as she turned to find a solemn sandy-haired boy, the Gryffindor Prefect Remus Lupin dragging away one howling James Potter. "I wonder if Penny Blanc knows you refer to her as a tedious chore," Midori sneered. Black tutted, expression twisting. "Now, now, kitten, let's not be nasty. Are we going to talk or what?" With shaking hands Midori retrieved her wand and attempted to stab Black's outstretched hand. He grabbed her wand just before she made contact and she swallowed a protest at the rough way he treated her wand and the location he decided to stow it. Curious eyes followed them from the Great Hall, not just from the Gryffindor table but suspicious faces from Slytherin, Lucius Malfoy's eyes narrowing before he turned to mutter something to Gordon Crabbe. Midori barely refrained herself from kicking Black as he ushered her beyond the teacher's table but was saved from temptation when she reminded herself no part of her wanted to touch any part of him. Anxiety burned like acid in her gut and coursed through her veins, rendering her legs jelly-like as Black led her into an empty classroom on the second floor. She flinched when he lit the chandelier overhead with a spell and was dismayed to find herself shaking. Acutely vulnerable and conscious she was alone in a room with the notorious Sirius Black, she kept a good distance between them and barricaded herself behind a desk, eyeing the door and mentally calculating the distance. Without her wand, there was little she could do to defend herself, virtually no way she would win in a physical fight against