Nico still remembered the day one of his tutor had explained to him that the royal house of Hades had a custom of having two spouses. The law itself was written in such a way that there was no actual limit, so long as all involved parties consented to the union; but to the Kings and Queens of Hades, it had always been two consorts. At the time, Nico had been scared to hear it. He could hardly imagine himself marrying one person, let alone two . What would happen when they realized Nico killed everything he touched? Would he be twice a widower? Would he even be able to give his kingdom an heir? Such were the thoughts of a young, teenage Nico. Now, a few months after his coronation—after he'd learned that his magic only killed people because he'd been poisoned by a ghost, after that poison had been taken out of his system—he couldn't help but feel a very different kind of worry. Loving Will had been as easy as falling back into an old habit—because it was , in a way. Loving Jason had been more sudden, more difficult and confusing. He'd once wondered if his love for Jason wasn't stronger, but he'd come to the conclusion it was impossible to really tell—his feelings for the two men were different, and that was that. But knowing that didn't help with having spent thirteen years almost alone. Only a select few servants and tutors had been allowed to interact with him, and they'd always kept their distance. Nico had certainly never had any opportunity—or desire—for romance, or even just hook-ups. He was barely getting used to kisses and gentle, intimate touches; how would he be able to manage his wedding night? An awkward thought to have when servants were fussing around you to adjust your suit right before you walked down the aisle. Nico had made sure this one was more practical than what they'd made for his coronation. Less ridiculous flourishes and colorful embroidery; this one was sleek and black, with hints of golden embroidery—that Nico hadn't been able to get rid of, for some reason. They also placed the crown of Hades on his head, the ring of silver and gold adorned with obsidian, and Nico didn't even protest at that. He'd grown used to it, strangely enough. At least partly because Will had been the one who gave it back to him. Finally, the servants took a few steps back, clearing Nico's view of himself in the mirror. He didn't look like much, in his opinion, but at least he was…himself, he guessed. If he was sure of one thing, it was that that's what Will and Jason would want to see. Everyone else and their decorum…they could be disappointed. This day was just for the three of them, at least in Nico's mind. "Your Majesty?" a voice called out from outside the chamber. "It is time." Nico took one last a deep breath, then walked out. Normally, the Prime Minister should escort him to the temple, as the closest thing he had to a parental figure—even though he barely knew the man. But these were not normal circumstances. "I'll be right here," Nico replied. Then, to the servants: "Thank you, you can leave now." When he was alone, he focused on the magic that coursed through his veins. He had gotten better at calling ghosts, at helping them take shape, over the past few months. In mere moments, his father, his mother, and his sister Bianca—forever ten years old—were standing in front of him. "Hi," Nico said. Bianca jumped in his arms. "I'm so happy for you," she said. "Thanks," Nico said, fighting back his tears. "I just wished—you could be there." "Well, I will. Isn't that the point?" Nico paused to meet her eyes, to make sure that she understood what he meant. Her sad expression was all the answer he needed. Of course she understood. She'd been the first victim, when the poison had made Nico lose control—and she'd been the one to find out how to get rid of it. He finally put Bianca down on the ground and turned to his parents. Pluto looked every bit like Nico remembered him, strong and proud—of him . That last part was new. As for Maria, Nico barely remembered her, but he saw a lot of himself in her now: short, with fluffy black hair and a thin nose, all of which Nico had inherited. She'd been barely older than he was now when she'd died. "I know it's unorthodox, but it's tradition that the parents would—" "We know," Maria said. "It'd be an honor." She walked up to him, needlessly straightening his collar, and added in a softer voice, "You look handsome. And you've found some fine men to marry. I wish you the best." Pluto joined them. "You've grown into a fine king, Nico. And they will make excellent consorts for you." It was strange, hearing they approved. Nico had never really stopped to consider it; and yet, as he received his parents' blessing, he felt a weight lifted off his shoulder that he hadn't noticed before. Nico walked out, followed by the ghosts of his family, meeting the guards waiting outside. They had known what to expect, yet still showed a moment of shock at the sight of Nico's parents. It hadn't been long since the city was overrun by ghosts like them, looking just like people safe from the otherworldly glow that shone from within them. Nico understood, but he would not pass on the opportunity to have his family attend his wedding. They walked down the corridor to the main entrance of the palace's inner temple. One of the guards entering first, and music poured from inside the temple—strings and hints of trumpets, almost an orchestra's worth of them, Nico knew. His name was called by a herald, and his father nudged him forward. Nico walked in the temple slowly, taking in the sight of the crowd gathered on either side of the aisle. This felt like a disturbingly familiar sight, like he was going through his disastrous coronation all over again. Most of the guests were probably the same, too. That none of them had considered ghosts taking over the city a diplomatic incident was a small miracle, in Nico's opinion. He kept walking forward, his parents one step behind him, but Nico affected a slow pace on purpose. Not to stall—more the opposite. He didn't trust himself to walk any faster without running to the altar and being done with this. When he reached the middle of the aisle, twin sets of doors opened on either side of the altar with a loud rattling. Only Jason's name and titles were called out by the herald—Will was a commoner, at least for a few more minutes—but both of them walked in at the same time, Will by the door on Nico's left, Jason by the one on his right. If it hadn't been for his parents at his back, Nico would have stopped to gape at the sight of them. Will entered the room with Master Apollo, the court physician—and Will's father, though he had never acknowledged him, until now at least—along with his mother. He had been dressed in a white suit, contrasting with his tanned skin, decorated with golden embroidery that looked like it had been made to evoke the color of his hair. His eyes were fixed on the altar, his jaw set in an expression that could have looked hostile, if Nico hadn't known better—if he hadn't caught the tiny glance Will had cast his way, the light reflecting in his teary eyes. He was nervous, probably as much as Nico himself was. As for Jason, he was followed by a woman with long black hair and dark olive skin that Nico didn't know. She wore an ornamental armor, but Jason had once more gone for a midnight blue suit, as he'd worn at Nico's coronation. This occasion was more formal, though, and Nico noticed the purple at the hems and on his shirt—the color of the house of Olympus. More interestingly, there was also gold on his suit, and that was when Nico puzzled it out: all three of them were wearing the same patterns. A symbolic design by one of the seamstresses, and Nico felt touched by it. Jason held Nico's gaze with a smile, nodding towards the altar—or Will, or both. Nico wasn't sure what he meant, and it didn't matter. His smile was enough. They reached the altar at the same time, and Will and Jason both turned to the priest. Nico almost regretted this tradition that forced them to turn their backs on him, while he was forced to stand back because this stupid altar was in the way. The priest droned on, and even though Nico had promised himself to listen, he couldn't. It was his first time attending a wedding, sure, but curiosity couldn't win over the nerves of being watched by hundreds of guests while both the men he loved were just there and Nico couldn't even reach out to touch them. He started when two servants knelt on either side of him, carrying each an ornamented pillow. Each had been made specifically for the occasion, mirroring the colors that Will and Jason were wearing, respectively, and on each rested circlet made of interweaved silver and gold, like a lesser version of the crown resting on Nico's head. The priest stopped talking, and Nico knew what came next. On the altar in front of him, rested the kingdom's sacred icons, a helmet and a scepter. He placed his right hand on the helmet first, and pronounced his vows. "I, Nico di Angelo of the house of Hades, take you both, Will Solace, Jason Grace of the house of Olympus, as my husbands, and vow to stand by your sides until shadows come between us." With his left hand, he grabbed the scepter and raised it, holding it horizontally, each end pointed at Will and Jason. " Vos semper amabo ." His heartbeat felt like it had doubled in speed by the time he had pronounced the last word, but at least, he was done now. Two hands clasped around his left—Jason and Will, taking hold of the scepter for him as they placed their other hand on the helmet. Nico let go of both icons, turning to the servant on his left. Will said his vows, the same as Nico's, then turned to finally face Nico. He didn't dare hold his gaze more than a second, though, because he could see the nervousness in Will's eyes, and he felt like one of them would break down. Slowly, Nico took the circlet the servant was presenting, and carefully placed it on Will's head, before kissing him. He was supposed to be brief, but he couldn't help but deepen their kiss a little when he felt Will clinging to his collar. He couldn't keep kissing Will forever, though, and finally took a step back, not missing Will's disappointed whimper. Hopefully no one else had heard it. Will didn't let go of the scepter, waiting until Jason said his own vows. Nico took the other circlet and repeated the ritual with him. Jason broke off their kiss before Nico could think of anything, but winked at Nico before he turned back to the priest. The ritual didn't leave room for Will and Jason kissing—it had been designed with the idea that multiple spouses could want to share the same person without being attracted to each other as well—so they moved on to the final words. Will and Jason placed the scepter back on the altar, and the priest sealed the ceremony once and for all. "You are now united, in the eyes of the laws, the people of Hades, and the deities. Nico di Angelo, Will Solace,