Finally open my arms wide Finally I let you inside Finally made it past the end To finally begin The hours we keep, the days we save They add up to years, now face to face With you by my side, now I can stand, to finally begin -Finally Begin, Cold War Kids Chapter 1 He slowly starts to blink his eyes. The bright fluorescent lights are burning his retinas as he tries to make out the shapes of the people standing over his bed. He can barely hear the voices around him— they sound miles away. Like he is underwater and can't break through to the surface. Eventually, the voices become clearer. "Mr. Mellark? Peeta? Can you hear me?" Peeta attempts to place his arm over his eyes, trying his best to block out the painful light, but all of the tubing attached to his veins is preventing him. He slams his arm back down in frustration. His throat is dry and sore—it feels like he hasn't had water for days. He tries to reply, but the words are stuck, and the best he can get out is a muffled grunt of understanding. A male voice becomes clearer to him, "Peeta, you are in the hospital. Your cousin has requested that you be brought to our care at Panhandle Emergency Mental Health Facility. What is the last thing you remember?" Peeta clears his throat, trying his best to get out what he needs to say. His voice is rough and barely audible. "I had the knife to my wrist. Delly was banging on the bathroom door for me to open it. I'd been drinking." The man nods. "Well, apparently you were successful at cutting yourself. When the ambulance finally arrived, you'd lost quite a bit of blood. You are lucky that you had someone there with you." Peeta snorts. "Yeah, real lucky." His eyes are finally coming into focus; he can make out the figure of a short, balding, middle-aged man in a white coat. "Who are you?" "My name is Dr. Charles Aurelius. I'll be your individual therapist while you are here. You'll visit with other doctors too, but you will be required to meet with me, once a day, every day, until you are released." Peeta raises his free arm, and pinches the bridge of his nose between his fingers. "How long am I going to be here? And, for the love of god, could someone get me some water and something for a headache?" Suddenly, a nurse he hadn't even realized was standing next to the bed, thrusts her hands out in front of him, each holding a small paper cup. Peeta slides upwards, sitting up in the bed. He takes the cups from her and tosses the pills from the first one in his mouth and then downs the water in the other. After he's swallowed, he starts to look around. The room is somehow both bright and dreary. Everything looks worn. The walls look to have been painted white at one time, but over the years they have yellowed, and are covered in scuff marks and stains. Anything that isn't the dirty walls or faded white and grey linoleum floor is covered in heavy orange or brown fabric. The monitors are steadily beeping behind him. Each beat of his heart through the machine sends a sharp pain in his head—he seems to be battling the worst hangover he's ever had in his life. "Mr. Mellark, we understand that you have recently gone through a very traumatic experience. The pain and sadness you are feeling is perfectly normal. I wish you would have gotten help before this attempt on your life, but now that you are here, I really hope you see this as an opportunity to heal and help you get on with your life." Peeta clenches his teeth while sneering at the doctor, sending shooting pains through his jaw and head; his anger overflows. "You have no idea what you are talking about! You lose your entire family and tell me how easily you can get on with your life. Tell me how to get past the guilt, when you know they would still be alive if you had just been there. Or, better yet, tell me how to get through the days where you wish you just died with them! I lost my dad, mom, and two brothers in one night—tell me how to get over that." His demeanor changes, he raises the octave of his voice, and mocks him in a condescending tone. "Are you going to fix it doctor? You gonna make it all better? I'd love for you to fucking try." He glares at the doctor, crossing his arms over his chest. But giving credit to Dr. Aurelius's professionalism, he remains stoic and unflinching. "You are right. I have no firsthand experience of the pain you are going through right now—but what I can offer you is my extensive knowledge of grief counseling and years of practice as a mental health professional. I hope to do my best to get you through this. You are a strong, handsome, young man with his entire life ahead of him. I want to help you be able to enjoy it one day. Because, the harsh truth is we cannot bring back your loved ones. But we can live in a waythat will not make their lives in vain; I hope to help you realize that one day." Dr. Aurelius turns to leave the room, but pauses before the door and turns back to Peeta with stern eyes. "Peeta—one more thing before I go to check on other patients. I expect you to be in group therapy tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m. It is required and a nurse will come by in the morning to get you up in time for a short orientation of PanEm beforehand. They will let you know the rules here and meal times. We are regimented here, but we find that if we give patients schedules, it helps with a sense of familiarity, and that seems to put people in your situation more at ease. The medicine you took should help you sleep through the night, and I look forward to talking with you at length tomorrow." And with that, he exits the room, leaving Peeta alone with the nurse. A few moments later, the drugs begin to take effect. The nurse places a couple of pillows behind him. "Are you comfortable, sir?" She asks. Peeta nods. "I'm as comfortable as can be expected right now. Thanks." She gives him a soft, warm smile. "Try to get some rest. Nurse Trinket will be by in the morning to get you up. She's a sweet woman—you'll like her." He watches the nurse make her way through the room; she's a very pretty, young, light skinned black woman. Peeta smiles a little. "Will you be back again?" he asks. She smirks. "I work the night shift and I'm assigned to your hallway, so I'd say the odds are in your favor that I will be seeing you again. If you need anything Mr. Mellark, my name is Portia, and you can use the button by the bed to call for me." Peeta suddenly feels the warm haze of sleep pull him in, before she even turns out the lights. What feels like only moments later, he hears a shrill, chirpy voice call to him. "Up, up, up! It's going to be a big, big, big day!" Peeta groggily opens his eyes, and sees the woman who must be Nurse Trinket. She is a tall, thin woman with a plain face, who feels the need to wear too much garish makeup and overly colorful scrubs to make up for it. She flings the curtains open, letting the bright daylight pour into the room; it covers everything in the cast of white and hope that Peeta doesn't feel he deserves. He sits up and swings his legs around, well, leg and a half, to try and get off the bed. He notices that he is no longer attached to any wires or tubes. "What happened to the I.V.?" "Oh, nurses came by through the night to monitor you. You know, check your blood pressure and remove all of the things you didn't need." She pauses before continuing. "Do you need any help getting your leg on or getting out of bed? Those sleep medications can leave you a little groggy and wobbly in the mornings." Peeta slides the stocking over the stump right below his knee. "No, I feel fine—I've got it. I've had this longer than the real thing, so I'm used to it." She nods and walks away from the window to stand beside him. She points to the door next to the room entrance. "There is your restroom. You have time to take a quick shower if you'd like. I brought fresh towels with me and your cousin packed a bag for you and brought it late last night. Just be sure you don't get your arm wet—we don't want you to get water in your bandages. But someone will have to be with you while you bathe, and I can get a male nurse if you'd like. You are a high risk patient and we must monitor you at all times." Peeta sighs heavily before responding. "I don't care if you see me naked. I have a sneaking suspicion that both self preservation and dignity have been thrown out the window in this place." He scratches the stubble on his face. "Can I shave?" Nurse Trinket shakes her head. "Unfortunately, no—not yet. The doctors will need to evaluate you first. You are under our heaviest restrictions right now due to the nature of your self-inflicted injuries. I'm sorry." He stands up, a little shakier than he had anticipated, but makes his way to the restroom. "Can I take a piss in private or do you need to watch that, too?" "No, you can do that yourself, but you do need to have the door cracked. As soon as you are finished, open the door back up before starting the shower." Peeta rolls his eyes. "This is ridiculous. Fuck it, I'll just go with the door open." The nurse shakes her head. "It's not like I get some kind of pleasure out of this. It's the rules, and you should learn now that it is easier just to follow them while you're here." But he barely listens as he relieves himself. He flushes the toilet and turns around to grab the towels from the nurse. "I'm going to turn on the shower now, make sure you get a good look." He knows it's not her fault, but she is conveniently there for him to direct all of his frustration onto. She rolls her eyes and steps into the small restroom. "You have 10 minutes, so you'll need to be quick." He undresses after turning on the water, and just does his best to ignore the odd woman who is half watching him bathe. He's quiet the whole time, lost in thought over the entire situation. This isn't him—he's always been friendly and kind. The hostile person he has been portraying since his family's accident is new and foreign to him; but it feels like the only thing he has left anymore. His pain is making him lose the person he once was. Every day feels like an uphill battle as he just to tries to get through it. He has shut himself away from everyone else he cares about. His cousin Delly was the last person he let in and he was systematically trying his best to push her away as well. His ex-girlfriend has tried to be there for him, but he had no interest in her anymore. Anytime he saw her, all he could think about is that she was part of the reason he wasn't at