Chapter One: Forgiveness * I do not own The Hunger Games or any of its characters, I just decided to write this story and I hope you enjoy please review it. This story will have some POV from Katniss and other characters. But feel free to send me some requests, from any characters POV. Peeta's POV It has been two years since the rebellion and Snow took me captive and hijacked my brain. The sunlight is beaming through the curtains, the warmth of the light dances across my bare back begging me to wake up. I reach over the covers to find that my beautiful Katniss is nowhere to be found, " she probably woke up early and went hunting " I thought. I began to get ready for the day by taking a warm bath, brushing my teeth and washing my face, brushing my ashy blond hair out of my face getting dressed in a pair of khaki pants, a light grey t-shirt, and the new orange suede shoes that Effie sent me from the capitol for Christmas. When I was finished getting ready I began to make breakfast for Haymitch and I knowing that he is probably passed out hungry on his floor somewhere in his house. After cooking the eggs, pancakes, ham, and warm tea I decided to talk to Haymitch while the blueberry muffins finished. After I stood at his doorstep constantly knocking on his door Haymitch finally stumbles out of the door with bloodshot eyes. The stench of all the garbage and vomit in his house made it hard to breathe. "You woke me up early in the morning, what do you have to tell me?" he slurred "Problems with Katniss again Loverboy?" "No, I wanted to see if you wouldn't mind eating with me this fine spring morning." I replied politely. He gazed at me for a while as if he heard me wrong then after a while he gave in and stumbled behind me back to my house. Before I could even check on my muffins the phone rings. "Hello is this Peeta?" a familiar masculine voice said, it was Gale. "Yes, what's going on Gale is Katniss needed in the capitol?" I reply trying my best to hide my fear. "No it's not that….umm I wanted to invite the two of you to my birthday party next week in district two. I'm turning twenty-one this year and I was hoping" after a brief silence he coughs up "… oh never mind" he painfully whispers. "Sure we would love to celebrate your birthday with you Gale, March 23rd right?" I reinforce trying change the mood. Haymitch looks up at me questionably from the table since we both know how Katniss feels about Gale right now and it's not a pleasant one. "Yeah my fiancé Cataleya wanted to throw the party for me but I told her that I couldn't think about celebrating my birthday without Katnip. If you can come the party is at 6pm at one of my favorite restaurants in district two it's very vintage it's called Columbiana. " "Oh so you fell in love good for you, we'll try our best to be there for your big night. I have to go check on my muffins and I'll call you to confirm if we are going. Goodbye Gale." I hung up so quickly to check on my muffins. Luckily after that long and awkward conversation with Gale my muffins are not burnt. Looking up from my golden blueberry muffins I see Haymitch gazing with pure bewilderment on his face and he asks "How on earth are you going to get Katniss to his party, loverboy." "She needs to forgive him and this is the right to do it." "You and I both know how she is stubborn and there is no way you can get her to that party you better call him back. Will you hurry up with the muffins, you woke me up to eat and now I'm waiting on you." He impatiently retorted. As I set up Haymitch's plate I began to try to think of a plan to get Katniss to the party. " Maybe I can seduce her to go…. Maybe I will take her on a road trip since we have not been out of district twelve since the rebellion and then we just happen to be at the restaurant the night of the party " I thought deeply. All throughout the rest of the day since breakfast all I could think of were the millions of scenarios of how I would get Katniss to go to Gale's party next Saturday. I was so wrapped into my thoughts that I had forgot and began to panic trying to figure out where I was until I looked down and saw my hands had stopped kneading bread " I'm in a kitchen" I thought as I begin to look around I realized the white walls, the cake displays, the industrial mixer, and there were two ovens were behind me and then it clicked " I am in the bakery. What time is it?" There was a knock on the window. Looking up to see who it was, of course, it was Katniss. I began to see a smile well up into the corners of her pink lips and her grey eyes beam as she waved at me. "I didn't want to stop you from working, you looked so concentrated. But I couldn't help myself." She nervously whispered. "It's okay sweetheart, I couldn't even focus on the bread I was kneading too busy thinking about you. I was wondering if you had any plans next Saturday because I would love to go on a road trip with you. We need to get out sometimes." I answered. "Well I did plan to shoot some squirrels that Saturday but I know we can reschedule for another day." she chuckled. *A week later* Katniss and I arrived at the chic vintage restaurant where the party takes place. The waitress came over and began to ask us what we would like to drink and before I could even place my order she sees Gale and ask impatiently "What is he doing here?" I could see the rage boil inside her olive skin face turning and she began to yell "Peeta, What is he doing here?" Unsure what she was going to next I tried to console her but her fury was in destruct mode. Gale comes over and says "Thanks Katnip for coming to my party, I am glad you could make." She completely ignored Gale had and focused her angry grey eyes on me "Peeta you knew about this didn't you. I felt ashamed and guilty so I looked down "You knew this whole time!" she yelled even louder. "YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL ABOUT HIM! I thought I could trust you but had secrets that you were keeping from me!" I tried to hold her to let her know that I loved her but she flinched away. "I don't ever want to see you again Peeta." She shouted. Her words were like 5 million daggers stabbing my heart because I knew deep down she didn't want me anymore. I woke up screaming with tears running down my cheeks. "It's not real, it's not real Peeta." Katniss says. She kisses my chin, jaw and neck; she tries to console me but my nightmare was too real. It is killing me that I lied to Katniss. Sweat is dripping from my brow. After breakfast I called Gale and confirmed that we were coming while Katniss waited in the car. As we got aboard the first train to District Two and I realize that I cannot keep this lie anymore. Katniss is looking out the window with a calm expression on her beautiful angelic olive face. "Katniss, I need to tell you something." I mumble. She looks over at me cautiously waiting for me to finish my sentence. I can't let allow myself to look into her eyes so I stared at the floor "I can't lie to you, so here it goes, last week when you were out hunting Gale called and invited us to his twenty- first birthday party in district 2 which is tonight at six at the restaurant we are supposed to be eating tonight. I know you don't like Gale because of what happened to Prim, but on the phone he sounded so… horrible. You and Gale share something that I wouldn't understand and I just thought that maybe you should hear about how he is dealing with all of this. You guys may not be friends anymore but should at least forgive him and -". Before I could finish my sentence she interrupted me "Peeta, I understand, but I can't forgive him…. Not right now maybe later but not now." She choked up. I grabbed the sides of her angelic face kissed her tears away. "I know it's hard to forgive right now but will you at least see him?" I asked her. She nodded her head and the fear in my heart disappeared. She curled into a ball in my arms and rested her head on my chest, we both fell asleep until the train made an abrupt stop causing both of us to jump. "I guess we are here sweetheart!" I chuckled. Before the party (which was in two hours) Katniss wanted to go into town and pick up a few things, like a card and a present for Gale. I was proud that Katniss was trying to give Gale a chance. The first stop we made was a hobby store called Knick Knacks which was filled with every hobby you could think. "I wonder if they have any cool paint sets here." I mumbled as I opened the door. Katniss stopped and smiled at me "Peeta this isn't your day, this is Gale's day. We are buying stuff for Gale okay." she chuckled. We searched aisles and aisles until we came across the hunting section which was filled with arrows, bows, target practices, hunting boots, hunting backpacks, survival kits, and so much stuff. I let Katniss decide since I don't know a thing about what Gale likes, she chose some chestnut brown leather hunting boots with a camouflage jacket and a birthday card that had an arrow stuck into a birthday cake and on the inside it read "I heard it was your birthday so I hunted all day to get this cake you!" By the time we were done buying his gift it was 5:30 and we were tired from all of the gift searching. So we begin to look for hotels where we can take a nap before the party and sleep afterwards. When we find one, the lady at the front desks gives us the room free since we were still together and she always loved us in the games. The games that are one thing I don't need to think about later are the games again. Our hotel suite was huge filled with modern furniture that resembled the capitol's suite that we stayed in before the Hunger Games but all I could do is hold Katniss in my arms as we lay on the floor by the fireplace. She looked up at me with her sweet grey eyes and simply mumbled "Peeta I can't sleep, you should call Haymitch for some advice because I am going to need every bit of it." I nodded and walked over to get the phone and come back to Katniss. I dialed his number and hoped that he will pick up. "Pick up Haymitch, pick up! Pick up, pick up, pick up" I thought in panic. "Go scrub all that make-up off your face and take that wig off, you look ridiculous!" he shouted to someone in the background. " Who is he talking to? " I began to wonder "Haymitch, this is