Nightlock A BRAVE NEW WORLD 1 It's been 24 years since the uprising ended, 24 years of hope and prosperity against the backdrop of oppression and violence that has so far come to define the preceding era. No one ever thought it was going to be easy and certainly no one ever suspected the challenges that we would face along the way, but prosper, we did, and against all the odds we survived and in most cases flourished. The war took its toll on us more than anyone initially thought and it took years before any form of real stability actually arose out of the ashes. To the casual observer the situation at the end of rebellion, now officially called the Uprising of Victors, was one of hope, with the newly elected government declaring that things were now about to change for the better and that humanity had turned the tide against its own demise. Yet as the days turned into months and the months into years the people of Panem began to lose hope. True the dreaded Hunger Games had been abolished as had the District quotas and most of the oppression but something still remained, something that however hard the new republican government tried it still could not shake; the Districts need for revenge. The Government, sensing a potential new uprising and civil war moved quickly to quell this feeling by bringing forward the trials against those that oversaw the oppression in an attempt to dilute the blood lust and ease the need for retribution. It had some success stemming the feelings for a while but for some it was simply not enough. For years the government was faced with a string of movements and protests that called for the total extermination of all those involved in the atrocities of the last 7 decades and for the complete removal of all Capitol control over the districts, something which had been deemed necessary in the immediate aftermath to ensure that no districts broke away completely and were at the mercy of others. Although no one ever seriously considered it, the notion of independent Districts actually frightened many and though many more radical leaders and mayors had been tempted to do so they eventually relented when they realised that doing so would harm them as much as it would harm others. For a critical few years it looked as if the hopes of a generation were about to be dashed once again as we lurched helplessly towards a new dark age. Presidents came and went like the seasons as they all struggled to maintain control over many factions that plagued post war Panem. However when all seemed hopeless a President came along who was able to manage the problems and bring order to what was essentially chaos. President Joanna Wilkins was elected from outside the traditional circles having come originally from District 7. She was not a soldier, had not fought on the front line in the in the war, instead choosing to follow a career in medicine and had no recorded kills to her name. She was in essence the first civilian to hold the post since President Snow. Upon her election, her skills at curing seemed to be almost perfectly matched to the office of President seemingly bringing a sick nation back from the brink and into health once again. This was helped by her not belonging to any faction or military branch, as this enabled her to bring them all together in relative harmony and make them work with each other to the benefit of the nation. Under her leadership the movements, as radical as they were ridiculous did eventually run out of steam and fell by the wayside disappearing underground. In a short space of time the government under Wilkins began to get the country under control and hand power back to the people as originally planned. The Capitols military commissioners who were placed in charge of the Districts after the uprising were eventually recalled and replaced by directly elected Mayors, while assemblies of the people were established to ensure that the citizens maintained as much control over their districts as was feasibly possible. No one had the stomach for renewed or increased Capitol control anymore and any attempt by an official to exert it was always met with swift rebuttals. With this as a mandate the Capitol left the Districts to their own means as much as possible only interfering in matters of public health, defence and taxation. While all this was going on my life began to resemble some sense of normality. I had no intention of getting involved in any of the changes that Panem was going through and was committed to staying out of the way as much as possible. This was helped by my lingering reputation as a wild canon and political assassin which my friends were happy to point out every time someone wanted to use me as their mascot or political sponsor. The message was simple; The Mockingjay is not for hire! Peeta, on the other hand, was not so successful in staying out of the way. After the sudden death of the incumbent Mayor in District 12 he was approached into running by a Capitol political scout called Romanus Mangsk, who with his smooth talking and slick presentation style was able to win over a mesmerized Peeta convincing him that with his history and ideas he was sure to be the favourite. Peeta stayed strong for a while and I made my own views on the matter clear many times, fearing that this was simply a redress of the games, but with Mangsk influencing him he eventually caved and signed up for the election. To everyone's surprise, not least my own, he was able to quickly gain significant popular support in the District and looked set to be the winner. Peeta was overjoyed, as was Mangsk and for a splitting moment victory was in his grasp only for it all to come crashing down at the last minute after a series of painful flashbacks during a televised debate. It wasn't his fault of course; the camera crew mistakenly used a strobe effect on his entrance which triggered a previously unknown side effect of his torture and reconditioning at the hands of the Capitol. His recovery was slow and painful at times and despite his best efforts to remain upbeat his supporters quickly disbanded and his campaign was cancelled. I'm still not sure what made him more upset, the loss of his dignity on live television or the loss of people who had claimed to be his friends and supporters. Needless to say whatever it was, it made him determined never to be talked into anything again. As for Mangsk, he disappeared soon after, some saying he even went as far as to commit suicide over the loss of his reputation, but the more likely scenario was he went back to the Capitol to escape the mobs that blamed him for Peetas resurfaced condition. Despite these occasional setbacks our lives have become relatively uneventful, we have agreed to remain unmarried as the thought of any form of official ceremony brings back too many memories of what we were forced to go through all those years ago. No one seems to mind and for many its naturally assumed that we are married, after all we do live together, have had two beautiful children, Primrose Rue and Cinna, and are seen everywhere together. Every now again the matter does get brought up, usually by a drunk Haymitch who has either forgotten the reality of the situation or is trying to make an unfunny joke at both of our expenses. For Haymitch, the years have been kind to him; Peeta maintains it's simply the amount of liquor in his system that prevents him from aging, similar to pickling an onion where as I reckon Haymitch is too stubborn to let something like old age affect him. We still meet fairly regular, always at ours as he will often stumble through the kitchen door in a drunken state looking to replenish his stocks of liquor. We had to force him to use this door as one day when the children were younger he crashed through the front door and walked through the lounge, where we had set up a make shift crèche, on his way to the kitchen. During this stupor he scared the children by mistakenly drinking from a bottle he presumed to be liquor only to find out it was paint thinner from Peeta's paint box. Lucky for him it was heavily diluted, but not so much for the children as he proceeded to throw up right in front of them, something young Cinna thought was hilarious as he then began to eat the results of Haymitch's convulsions. These impromptu meetings usually focussed on past adventures and the horrors of the games, inevitably ending with long periods of silence which I found most uncomfortable, but to which Peeta maintained was good for the grieving process. I guess he was right as it has providing continued closure on the issue but this evening instead of sharing stories about the past Haymitch was determined to focus on the present. "I take it you've heard by now" Said Haymitch in between liberal swigs of liquor "Heard what…" remarked Peeta "That Gale is now the Secretary for Trade after the last one stepped down" The news of this is hardly surprising to either of us, as we all knew that if any of us was likely to succeed in politics it was going to be Gale. I glance over to Peeta to see his reaction to Gale's name. I know I have nothing to worry about as they both made up years ago, but there is still a small nagging sensation at the back of mind, a sense of fear maybe that despite all the love I now show for him he may still harbour doubts. My fears are eased when Peeta gives me a small wink, his latest way of letting me know all is ok and that he can sense my unfounded sense of worry. My glance goes back to our guest, now finishing off the bottle and not wishing to appear rude or to let him get too drunk I spark up: "Really, so soon, I thought we had only just elected a new trade secretary" "Ha! If by just elected you mean two years ago, really sweetheart you need to keep up with events" comes the razor sharp retort Two years, has it really been two years since we all huddled into the town square to cast our votes for the leaders of Panem? A tad embarrassed I resume trying to steer the conversation: "Hmmm… So does that mean he will be in the Capitol more and more now?" "More likely he will be in the Capitol permanently" Remarks Peeta I turn to Peeta alsmost enraged by his suggestion. "Permanently, but he hates the Capitol, remember he said to us that time that he would rather live in a hole in the woods than in one of their luxury apartments" "I know but there has been a lot of remodelling over the years, most of the original architecture has been removed or torn down, I expect he's staying in the Avenue of the Districts, you know as a reminder of home?" Peeta's natural optimistic reply is decidedly cringe worthy. As everyone knows the Avenue of the Districts is nothing more than a half-hearted attempt to make the Capitol more palatable to outsiders. No one wants to live there especially those drawn from the Districts but as no one wants to live in the older apartments either it's the lesser of two evils in most cases. Haymitch laughs at this, "I think you'll find he choose to stay". This remark catches me off guard but before I can quiz him about it