a/n: This story is based off of Les Miserables, although expect it to be different in quite a few ways, because essentially I'm just using the situations, storylines and settings in Les Miserables. If you know nothing about Les Miserables you should still be able to read this story, anything that seems foggy will be explained later. I'm very nervous about posting this, so please, as a young and fairly new author, leave your thoughts and suggestions in a review! This will be six parts. All mistakes are mine, I have no beta. Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games, all characters belong to Suzanne Collins. I also don't own Victor Hugo's wonderful musical Les Miserables, although I'm going to see it on stage next weekend (so excited!). Title comes from the song (from Les Miserables) In My Life/ A Heart Full of Love. part i. Haymitch Abernathy looked at the frail young girl laying on his lap, her greasy brown braid falling down her back. What had he gotten himself into? Running from the law and now this? He tried to be a good man, honestly, even if some nights he still had a little too much alcohol and still worried a little too much about people finding out who he really was. Was. He is no longer Henry Jon Abraham, those days were far behind him. The little girl murmurs in her sleep calling for her mother, he holds a hand unto her forehead and can feel the heat beneath his fingertips. Fever. Probably from lack of food, and the harsh cold, she was barely dressed when he found her in the woods. As he looks down at her peaceful face that's coated in streaks of dirt, he can only wonder the last time she had a real meal, a bath, a warm place to sleep? And with that it's decided he will protect Katniss, daughter of the frail Maysilee who was desperate to save her daughter, who was now Katniss Abernathy. As the carriage comes to a stop in front of the temple he lifts the small girl up in his arms, her legs subconsciously wrapping around his waist. "Friar Chaff, I need a place to hide, disappear." Haymitch asks, his voice quiet in the cool black night. He nods, "Come with me mister Abernathy. I know the place." With the girl in his arms he swiftly follows the Friar into the night, ignoring the harsh blow of the wind, the girl on his shoulder opens her eyes, although she says no words. Intuitive, she is, he decides. Her eyes are wide and alert, she can detect that silence is needed. She shares no traits with her mother, other than her graceful features. When she's older she'll be beautiful. He smiles when he sees the doll he gave her is clutched tightly in her hand. He will never let her want for anything again. Whatever it takes to protect her he will do, hide her from his past, and hide her from the world. For how long he can protect her, he doesn't know. Haymitch barely knew the dying and broken Maysilee but he knew that day he turned a blind eye in need of dealing with his own demons he helped to lead her to the path of selling her virtue for money to send to her daughter, in exchange for the young girl to be starved and worked more than a young girl should for the cruel innkeepers Brutus and Enobaria. Using the money to cloth and spoil their own daughter. "Are we family now?" Katniss asks quietly, her sweet voice a whisper. A smile forms on his face that he'd long forgotten could exist "Yes Sweetheart, exactly." He would be this young girl's savior, giving her the best possible life he could. The consequences could never be too great, she gave him something Haymitch had long forgot. Something to live for, to fight for. One of the most powerful things along with love, something he felt his frozen heart begin to feel again as the little girl leaned her head on her shoulder and whispered "I've always wanted a father, you know?" Oh yes, yes indeed. His heart was beginning to thaw. He was blessed. It was a new revelation to him. He was freed from a life of prison, by a kind Bishop by the name Heavensbee, who only asked for him to learn to forgive and learn compassion, something he regrettably struggled with. Haymitch had made a life for himself, making a small fortune, one many long for. And now he had Katniss, his new blessing. 10 years later... Katniss Abernathy slowly took the rollers out of her hair, a pain, they were. Her usually unruly curly hair was now silky and smooth, curling at the ends and falling against her emerald dress, her favorite color. She'd never been fond of dresses, if she wasn't going out she preferred pants or rompers, which her father somehow managed to find for her. Although this dress was bearable, she had always had a certain preference for the color green. "You're growing up right in front of my eyes." a gruff voice said from behind her. She turned around to face her father "And maybe that's why you should let me out of the house more often, every day goes by and I haven't really even seen the world!" she exclaims, taking the opportunity to argue the same opinion she's had for over a year. "More like exactly why I shouldn't. The world is a cruel place Sweetheart. And we do go out, that's what we're doing today, isn't it?" he grunts, his withering gaze fixed on her. Oh, she loved her father, but why didn't he understand? "It's not the same father, you're my only company. I've never exchanged more than a few words with any other person than you. Except for Madge, but you know she left to England! I'm perfectly able to defend myself, I always shoot straight remember?" Father nods at this, and reaches for his flask and takes a small drink. "Yes, but I rather you not carry that pretty bow of yours in the street. I'm sorry Madge moved, you know we can't trust everyone. I do this to protect you Sweetheart. I want to give you the world, but I don't have that much power. I'm scared to let you go, can we leave it at that?" She looks over in surprise to see tears in his eyes, as Katniss nods slowly and walks over to give him a hug, breathing the smell of him, a faint scent of stale whiskey and parchment. "For now. But I am your daughter, you know. Don't expect this to be the end of it." Katniss' words are sharp, and he laughs at her attempt to be serious. "Of course you are. And that's what scares me. We're leaving soon, I just have to finish writing a letter to Friar Chaff, and then we can go okay?" Katniss nods again. He's scared, they constantly change houses, they have several scattered across France. He was always running. From what she did not know. What had it been that he is still so persistent today to hide. The story she knows some of but not all, only the parts that involve her. The days of her youth she remembers, although some foggy. The smiling face of a woman who loved her dearly, her mother, with her sparkling green eyes and curtain of silky blond hair, she was beautiful. Although she has the same bone structure and gracefulness, and some said they could see a sparkle of green shine through her eyes, she shared no traits with her mother. She probably looked like her father, the one who left her. If he had stayed maybe her mother would still be alive. Haymitch Abernathy, he was her real father. Katniss wanted nothing to do with the man who left her mother. At times like these she wished desperately she looked more like her mother. So she had something left of her. Maysilee, her dear mother was dead. Because she wanted Katniss to live what she thought was the good life with the filthy inkeepers who took her mothers money to spoil their daughter Johanna. Her mother died working as a prostitute. Haymitch saved her, and promised to take care of her daughter, which he did, very well in fact. Her father feared that someone would take her away, send her to an orphanage when they found out he had taken her in, so he desperately kept her cage, something she understood but was against. Beautiful things he could give her, but freedom, in his fear, he could not. Still she was grateful. Although her mother was a good memory of her childhood that was most likely the only one. Doing endless chores, going without food, and sleeping on cool stone in front of dying embers, were not. Watching Johanna get everything she never had, a family who was there, beautiful things, and living a childhood where she could play games with her friends. It often made her jealous, although she tried desperately to be strong and not show it, a word out of line earned her what Enobaria said was well deserved punishment. But said punishment always hurt, a lot. And Johanna never received the same punishment. Abuse, that's what it was. Katniss studied her appearance in the mirror, her dark brown hair, so dark it was almost black, fell above her chest. It paired beautifully with the rich emerald of her dress. Even though father told her she was beautiful she longed for someone to tell her those words, in books she read of fairytales and love, while she desperately wished to have those adventures and the love that is told of she knew those things were hardly practical. She fixed the bow on her sunhat below her chin, adjusting it slightly, maybe one day she would get to show the world just who Katniss Abernathy was. When she made a list in her head of the things she was she would start with an archer, she could shoot a bow almost perfectly, she rarely missed a bullseye. A reader, books were a nice escape. Sometimes she would sing, loving the smile it brought to her fathers face. Katniss always wondered if she inherited her voice from her mother, she liked to think so anyways. In books she read about bravery, oh how she wanted to be brave. A revolutionary, maybe. One of the first woman to do something out of the ordinary. To be heard. When she told her father these things he would tell her to cool her imagination, but the smile on his face and the twinkle in his eyes told her differently. Then he'd tell her how proud he was of her, and who she was becoming. Even though he pretended he didn't, he had an eye for stories too. Maybe it was because, unknown to Katniss, his life was very much like one. "Make a stand, It's time the king to 'ear what we have to say!" Finnick shouts through the crowd, his slight Irish accent barely showing through, Peeta smiles at his friend. Today he didn't feel like encouraging a revolution though. He slides his hands over the envelope in his hands. His brother is dead. Murdered, by who he doesn't know. Care, he wish he did not. His family was a chapter in his life he was fighting hard to shut for good. How he started to get involved with a revolution he did not know. Maybe it was when he ran away and hid in a shady hotel owned by Brutus and Enobaria, a couple that had a lack of any morals. For safekeeping, he left his money in a safe at the bank he once visited regularly. When had went to withdraw a small amount of