(Strange Meetings) "Christine, how much longer do you think we will be dealing with all this rain while we sit here and wait for a call to come through the radio?" EMT Paramedic Lana Rollans sighed as she stared out their paramedic truck. It was a rainy night in New York City. Usually during the nightshifts, Christine and her would be getting calls every hour of someone who needed medical emergency. But tonight, with all of the heavy thunderstorms and constant downpours, it looked like it was going to be one hell of a quite night. "Medic truck 82." Their radio suddenly came blaring on before Christine could reply to her partner's question. "We have a white male with multiple stab wounds located at central park station. He needs immediate medical attention." " Copy. Code blue, we are enroute as we speak." Lana responded as she flipped the sirens and started heading towards Central Park. "Please advise new York med that we will be arriving within fifteen minutes after picking up victim." "Copy that 82." " This rain is sure heavy as hell." Christine said as she entered the information of their victim. "Lets hope things don't get any worse after this call tonight because we have hella more hours to go before dawn approaches." Lana laughed out loud. "You have one hell of a sure way to keep things into perspective, Chris. I have often wondered what would happen if I didn't have you as my EMT partner." "Probably being chased by hella fine looking EMT males." Christine laughed as they approached the main area that led into Central Park. Thunder rolled loudly from above as lightning struck across the night sky like small thin string being connected. They came to a stop near some trees. Lara jumped out of the truck, squinting under the downpour while her partner grabbed the gurney and medical supply bag from the bag. "I think I see him." She shouted over the noise of the rain and thunder, pointing to a lone man laying in a grove of trees, unresponsive. "But I don't see anyone else." "Okay, lets get him strapped and in for transport." Christine yelled back as she hurried beside Lana. "We shouldn't be out in this rain anyway, but we have a oath and job to do for the sick and injured." The two EMT's hurried along the path, slightly grateful that the trees offered some sort of shelter from the rain as they approached the victim. "Hey sir, are you alright?" Lara called as they came closer to him. The man was dressed strangely in brown and green clothing, brown sued boots with a white bow that was near his hand and two bloodied curved daggers with ivory handles attached to a empty quiver. Christine motioned for Lana to be very cautious as they knelt beside him. "Hey, can you hear us?" She said while they turned him over. What they expected to see what nothing like anything or anyone else they had seen before in their life. Long silver white hair fell about her hands as a beautiful face came into view, so perfect with high cheekbones, fair lips and white skin that appeared to be almost glowing faintly under the soft glare of the park lamps above. But the most strangest of features of them all, was his ears. Two pointy ears to be exact. "Um, I don't think we are dealing with just any victim here." Lana managed to say after a speechless moment. She had been staring for so long at this man's perfect face that she had almost failed to notice multiple stab wounds about his lower torso. "Lets get him on a gurney and into the truck first before we start triage." "Got it." Christine breathed. She shook herself out of her own initial shock and jumped back into her job's role. They hooked an IV bag to his arm and slid him onto the gurney before rolling him swiftly towards the waiting ambulance. Christine had good mind of grabbing the bow that fell from his slack fingers and placing it beside him as she jumped into the truck. "Lana, I need for you to grab some sterile gauze and wrap while I get him stabilized here." "But what about taking him to New York med? Won't they be questioning his appearance?" Lara replied as she proceeded to hand over the needed supplies to her partner. "I hate to say this, but those ears are pretty real." "Well lets worry about attending to these lacerations first before we even think about bringing him in." Christine replied curtly as she went to work lifting up the man's shirt. She found over twenty different stab wounds over various parts of his chest and stomach, but somehow none of them had come into contact with any of his vital organs. The man stirred, murmuring something in a strange foreign tongue as she started to apply the gauze to his wounds. "Lle quena i'lambe tel' Eldalie?" "What did he say?" Chrstine asked without looking up from her work. "I'm not too sure. I don't recognize the language." Lana replied, perplexed as she applied the EKG patched to his chest. "His pulse is stable, but I'm afraid his BP is too low." "Well get him started one five milligrams of ibuprofen to prevent fever and two mills on Vicodin to help keep the pain level down." "Got it." The rain seemed to have become more harder as the sounds of it falling sounded like loud drums being beaten upon the truck. The two paramedics worked on stitching all of the major lacerations to avoid him to bleed out before checking his vital signs. Now it was all a matter of bringing him in. "So what now, Christine?" Lana asked while she hopped into the driver seat. "We still need him to be treated at the hospital." Christine stared at their patient, frowning. "I don't know." She replied honestly as she continued to wrap gauze around his lower torso. Suddenly there was a loud crashing noise outside the truck and then a blinding white light as lighting came down upon the whole truck and its occupants. Both women let out screams of alarms as they felt their truck suddenly begin to spin wildly out of control. "WHAT THE FUCKING IS GOING ON?" Christine yelled as she tried to keep the injured man from rolling side to side. "Hold on Lana!" She cried as the whole truck spun faster and faster, the metal heating up as the lighting continued to engulf it. Lana could only stare out of her window, wide eyed as she found herself starting in a multiple area of colors amide the bright flash. Her stomach was heaving as well as her heart as the truck suddenly stopped spinning and fell like a tone of brick against something. Lana hit her head upon the wheel hard, blacking out on impact while Christine and their patient were thrown backward out of the truck into blackness. "Lana, wake up!" Someone called out to her in her dream. "Wake up, you have to see this!" "Hmmph?" Lana slowly opened her eyes with a low groan as small stabs of pain began to assault her eyes and head. She opened one eye to find bright sunlight cascading through the right passenger side window. She shut her eye, groaning even more so as she found that her whole bottom ribs hurt as well. "What happened?" She said through clinched teeth. "My head hurts so much." "I know. I treated your small head wound but you don't have any concussions, thank god." Christine replied as she helped her partner out of the driver seat. "But you need to see this." "See what?" Lana asked as she allowed herself to be led outside the truck. She stopped cold and gasped at what she saw next. Their patient who they had found and responded to was still strapped to the gurney but was now alert. Christine had propped him up into a slight sitting position. But it what was around them that caught the EMT's attention. Bright sunlight fell through tall green trees that swayed this way and that with small gusts of wind, birds chirping loudly as small animals ran there and there. Lana saw that they were within a large grove of green grace and flowers. The air was crisp and cold to her nostrils as she took a deep breath to make sure that she wasn't dead. "Where are we?" She whispered while taking a few steps forward until she was beside the strange man. She looked up to find herself staring into sky blue eyes. "Who are you?" "My name is Legolas, m'lady." He replied with a slight incline of his head. "I have to thank you and your fellow healer of finding me and treating my wounds, though I'm not so sure how you two came to be here." "Legolas has been explaining to us that we somehow have landed in his father's kingdom in another world which makes him a prince." Christine replied while crossing her arms over her chest. She tossed her long poneytail to the other shoulder. "I was going to wake you earlier, but he told me to let you rest. I'm still suffering from shock as well, don't get me wrong." She added when she saw her partner frown. "But if you are alive, he's alive and talking and I'm standing here listening to what he has to say, then we must be still alive as shit." "This has to be a joke!" Lana laughed with a hysteric choke. She glanced back at the man. "And I think you must be an actor and we are just someplace else in New York." "Well I'm not sure where this New York place is, but I am telling you the whole truth when I said you guys came here by some higher power to this place. I remember fighting a huge orc pack deep within the edge of Mirkwood when I became heavily wounded by their weapons and I soon found myself slipping into a deep cavern that didn't seem to end. I only remember that and then waking up to finding your partner tending to my wounds here." He smiled kindly at Christine. "Thank you again to you both and your fine healing skills." Lana found herself siting on the bumper of the ambulance as she tried very hard to accept everything that this man just said. "So if we are no longer in our world, then how do we get back?" His beautiful face became sad. "I'm not sure." He replied softly. Suddenly, there was a sound of something dry breaking and swift footsteps could be heard. Christine grabbed one of Legolas daggers and tossed him the other one while standing protectively in front of both him and Lana. Several tall shadows appeared around the edge of the grove before they took shape of tall slender people with similar built as Legolas. They all hailed in shock and joy at the sight of him and hurried forwarded, but Christine blocked their way. "Stay back!" She growled. Almost immediately before she could even blink, she found up to eighteen bows being pulled directly at her. " Tampa! en lausta mellon!" (Stop! They are our friends) Legolas cried. "Melloni!" The elves glanced up at him doubtfully but did as he asked. One of them, a tall black haired elf dressed in all brown, approached the woman. "Tell us your names and then perhaps we shall talk peace, woman." He said in the common tongue. "And what is this strange entrapment do you have our prince restrained to or this strange carriage?" He glanced in wonder at the ambulance as well as the other mortal woman who was by now staring with wide eyes that only grew bigger by the moment. "My name is Christine John and this