(Prologue) "What the hell am I going to do now?" I cried in frustration at one of my classmates. "Finals are around the corner and I don't have time to sit around and wait for a person to show up with my study papers, when I should be at home, resting and studying while I'm trying to get over this damn cold." "Calm down, Acadia. Sheesh, if you keep that up you are going to make yourself sicker." Said my female lab partner while we walked around our college campus. "Why don't we do this since you wont' stop complaining. Since you are sick and I live a few blocks away from your apartment, I can drop off your study-guide in the morning. End of problem and end of complaining." I glared at her but didn't say anything. Instead, I just shrugged my shoulders while adjusting my navy wool jacket to keep out the cold wind. It was the middle of winter in Ontario, Canada. Snow had been pilling up everywhere all over the city, making it hard for both college students such as myself, and the general public to even get around without getting stuck at some point. Sighing deeply while pulling out my cell phone, the time said it was only two-thirty in the afternoon. "Listen, Bianca, I think I'll just go straight home and cook myself some chicken broth and rice before going to sleep." I said with a slight face before sneezing several times into my overused napkin. "See you in the morning." "Just get plenty of sleep. Besides, finals are less than a week off and whats the worse that can happen between now and then?" Bianca laughed while grabbing her keys from her purse. "I'll drive you home since you are in no condition whatsoever to be walking around in this cold and snow while battling a fever and cold." "Whatever you say." I grumpily replied while following my partner to her small blue bug in the student parking lot. "I'm surprised that you still managed to make it to school in time for the lab work after last night's downpour of constant snow. I barely made it outside my apartment door before some of this snow fell on top of my head this morning." Bianca smirked. She unlocked the car and got into the driver's seat while I sneezed again for what seemed like the millionth time this week. "God, I wish that colds never existed at all so I can live a life normally." I cried while slamming the passenger door closed behind me. "Hey, easy on the door." She said while turning on the car. "This baby cost me a lot of money and I'm not about to have you break her just over a stupid cold." "Sorry." "Don't be. The sooner I get you home, the sooner you will be able to get some warm food in your stomach, take a hot shower, get into some comfy clothes and crash out for the rest of the day and night." I stared down at my gloved covered hands. "Totally." I replied. "Make the rest, work the hell out of my brain and get the grades so I can graduate and move on with my life." Looking out the window, I mused about how far I came since going to college. As you know, my name is Acadia Thomas. I am twenty-three years old and am a senior at Ontario university. Worked over the summer and winter break to help pay for my little apartment and bills and hardly hang out with friends or family since I'm more of a quite person that prefers to read books at home. I don't really have much of a social life and I don't have a boyfriend since in my personal opinion they are nothing but trouble and distractions from what really matters in life. I am what some people would label me as a bitch, but not really since I'm not the social type. Love to play sports whenever I can, if not, I read tons and tons of books. The Lord of the Rings and the movie series are my ultimate favorite since its a world that I can easily imagine myself being in whenever I watch or read the books. A world filled with magic, beautiful people, music, stories and life. A world that I always had in my mind and heart, wished that it was real so I can be other than myself. I have always been told that sometimes based on how I act or am around people, its like I was never meant to be here or at least, live this lifetime where technology was rampant and fast food was the top thing to eat instead of eating healthy. Yup, I'm crazy and I don't give a fuck. "Ok, we are here now." Bianca's voice broke through my inner thoughts. "Just don't slam my door again." "Sure, sure. Thanks for the ride. See you in the morning." I said to her while struggling to get myself out of her small car. "Perhaps its time for you to upgrade to a bigger car with more leg room." I added with a lopsided smirk while grabbing my backpack. "I don't think your long shanked boyfriend will be able to fit in here much longer if you keep her." "Oh, shut up and get inside before you come down with something other than your cold." She shook her head. "See you." I waved goodbye and watched her drive away before sighing in relief at the prospect of food, hot shower and sleep. Getting the mail wasn't really a hassle since my apartment door had a build in slider where the mail man just dropped the mail through the slot. I grabbed them with a groan at the dizzy sensation in my head. "Fuck, I hate being sick." I said to the room. Tossing my backpack on the couch, I put away my keys on the front table before making my way into the kitchen. It was small, but it was enough to allow me to go around with plenty of space and storage, thank God I had because I tend to have a lot of things that also included food. I grabbed a small pot and filled it with some chicken broth from the can, placed it on the stove after turning it on and headed down the hallway to my bedroom, shedding my heavy jacket and scarf with more groaning. Things seemed to ache all over my body and after checking my temperature, it was apparent that rest was the only option I had to being able to make to all of my finals in once piece, if not decent enough to not be a bother in class while still sick. After searching for clean clothes to wear after my shower, I quickly went back to the kitchen and poured my fully heated soup into a bowl. I didn't really want any rice, but I put some anyway since my body needed much more than just liquids at the moment. I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge, some crackers from my snack cabinet and proceeded to eating my meal in the living room while watching some stupid romance sitcom without really paying any attention to the show. Like I said before, romance or any type or romance of any sort, wasn't really my thing. I'm straight as a can be, but after seeing my parents divorce after twenty-eight years of marriage just because their love life went out in ashes, I figured that love was only a feeling that could easily be ignored. I never really found myself to be good looking enough to be considered pretty or even beautiful in the eyes of both male and female, though my mother would say otherwise since I get most of my better attributes from her, not my father. Long wavy black hair, fair complexion with a little freckles along my nose bridge, not too tall, but tall enough that most boys wouldn't really want to hang around me since I'm 5'7 and 1/2. Because I'm more of an athletic type of person, my body was slender and well toned. But with all of this, came with constantly being sickly and always fighting colds and flues with trips to the hospital as a child. Now that I'm older and fully grow, I didn't get sick as much, but when I did come down with something, I felt like dying because it took forever and ever to get better to where I was able to function. I quickly finished eating my dinner and hurried to my bathroom to take the much needed hot shower. The hot spray of water made me sigh out loud with a little giggle as it flowed over my aching body. I shaved my legs and washed the day's sweat and grime before shampooing my long hair. I think its time that I get it cut soon. It was one of my most prized parts of myself that I actually was vain about, but it took too much maintenance to keep it up. The trips to the salon to keep it trim and looking nice. Shampooing with the right products, brushing and combing any tangles that it would get. All of my hair alone, took at least twenty minutes out both my mornings and nights. "Perhaps I should just get it cut mid-length." I said to my reflection in my bathroom mirror. "That way mom wouldn't be screaming at me for it and wondering how long it would take to grow this sucker out." I blew a kiss before getting into my sweat pants, pink t-shirt with a hello kitty image in the front, socks and toweling off my hair before putting some Moroccan oil the damp strands for shine and strength. I practically threw myself onto my bed after pulling the covers back. "Ahh, I think I'll just sleep away tonight and skip studying for the day tomorrow." I said while drifting off into a sleep. "My rest is more important." "Crash!" I woke up with a start and screamed. "FUCKEN SHIT! WHERE THE FUCK AM I?" Rain was pouring over me like torrents and I found myself laying on hard, wet, muddy cold ground outside. Stumbling to my feet, I tried to figure out if weather or not I was still dreaming or perhaps I had died suddenly in my sleep and woke up in not a version of what I called heaven. A roll of thunder above in the dark sky had me screaming again as I tried to get to my feet. Stumbling over a rock, I scrapped my hands on the rough ground, causing them to bleed while I tried in vain to make sense, anything other than what my eyes were seeing right now as the pain laced itself through my brain. "Fucken shit! That hurts!" I cried. Looking ahead, I saw a low river flowing below an embankment and a long line of trees across the way that I thought would help offer me some shelter at of this rain. I was wet from head to toe, my long hair plastered to my face and clothes soaked to the point I was shivering violently before I managed to make my way down to the edge of the river. A shrilled bird whistled and my head snapped up at the sound, trying to locate it before another one answered, this time more louder from across the river. Not caring it weather or not I was dreaming, all I wanted was to get across the river and under the protection of the trees from the rain and cold. Even if I had to somehow dig my way into a pile of leaves, I didn't care just as long as I was out of the horrid weather. "Come on, Acadia." I whispered while taking