~Hello everyone! It's your favorite Fanfiction Author, ladystarlet09. I'm writing this one-shot story based on a very special request by one of my big reviewers by the name of, I Luv Milarion, who asked me to do this for her since she is a big fan of Galadriel and Celeborn. So here is it and I hope you can give me good reviews of what you think. Enjoy!~ I don't own any of the LOTR characters. (Third Age, Year of the Winter Solace, During the War of the Ring and the events of "Lost but Never Forgotten") Lady Galadriel let out a heavy sigh after viewing her mirror for what seemed the billionth time in however long she has had it within her personal possession. Too many things were happening at once for her to be able to concentrate at one time. As the ruler of Lothlorien and aided by her beloved love and wise husband, Celeborn, very few got to see the true side of the lady of light, formerly known as Altáriel in undying lands of Valinor. She took another glance, frowning when she saw the darkness from the east slowly makes its way into Gondor while the darkness continues to stretch further into Mirkwood where their woodland kin and King Thranduil lived within their stone halls. The ring bearer and his friend/traveling companion, Samwise Gamgee, were still far from the mountain of Doom where the One ring could only be fully destroyed so that Sauron could fall finally after all these thousands of years of waiting and war since the Last Alliance. Even for herself as a fellow ring bearer of the powerful elven ring, Nenya, raiment of water and all natural life, it was a very heavy burden to bear alone while she continued to watched over her own boarders with the help of captain Haldir and the other march wardens. Galadriel passed her hand over the dark images she was seeing within the clear water before turning around upon sensing she was being watched by someone. Her lips curled slightly with delight when she caught sight of her husband watching her from the high steps that led back into the city. He quickly descended into the grove. "Still here, love?" He smiled upon her when he came to stand before her. He glanced down at the sacred looking mirror. The waters were now empty with only the bright stars and moon above reflecting on the water. "I know that things are not really looking all too well at the moment, but we still have the advantage over the enemy, thanks to the bravery of the Rohirrim and their king and the aid we had sent to them when all the odds were stacked against them from Isengard. The ring-bearer is still holding strong just as long as he still has that fighting courage burning within him." He told her while sliding his hands down her shoulders. Galadriel nodded her head and embraced him. "You forget that he's not totally alone. He has Sam top protect and watch over and us backing him up out here." "I sometimes wonder if we even made the right choice in allowing him to pass our lands in the first place, husband." She replied softly with sad eyes. "All the pain, suffering and death has almost been overwhelming for even me to stomach every time I look into the mirror and foresee the possible outcomes of what choices men and other free people make. Everything is almost fully consumed by the darkness and those who are not aware of the goings of the outside world will know what is happening if we lose to Sauron should he regain the One Ring." "That's not going to happen, my love." Celeborn said firmly, gently shaking her shoulders while he made her stare up into his eyes. "As long as you remain strong and continue to do what you need to while you still have the power within you, there is still hope and light at the end of the tunnel." "And I wonder how it was you were able to talk yourself into coaxing me into marrying you all those years ago when I first step foot upon these shores, Celeborn." Galadriel laughed. "You are quite the smooth talker. It's a wonder how Elrond was able to stomach being around you for long periods of time during the Yuletide season." Celeborn chuckled. "I tried to keep my lectures and conversations at a minimum when he and the grandchildren were visiting. He's not the one for staying long periods within my office. Not that I can even blame him. Its small wonder that you allowed me to be present when the ring company were resting here." He nodded his head backwards. "Speaking of resting, my sweet love." He lowered his voice seductively by her ear. "Why don't you come back to our private chambers with me so I could draw you a warm bath and perhaps we could do a little extra, shall we call it, physical exercise?" He winked when she let out a ringing laugh and swatted him with her hand as he led her by the other up the steps. "Celeborn, you are bad!" "Since when I wasn't bad when our duties are required by our people." He mused. "It's small wonder where Elladan and Elrohir got their pranking from. Valar, how times seems to pass too swiftly." Celeborn sighed deeply. Galadriel hugged his arm against her while they slowly walked amide their people who made them goodnight or hello's in passing. They never considered themselves a king or queen among their people, but rather wise rulers who based their actions upon pass experience and wisdom from what they could remember from Valinior. Galadriel glanced up when they came across Haldir's talan . The house was lit within and there was plenty of male laughter mixed with that of a woman, a mortal who had mysteriously appeared at their boarders a month ago from a totally different world. Her name was Acadia Thomas and she was staying within Haldir's home until Galadriel was able to come up with some sort of way to send her back to her own world and home. By the different male laughter, she knew that his younger brothers, Orohpin and Rumil were visiting for him for dinner before departing for the eastern boarders for the next patrol. "They sound so happy." Galadriel sighed deeply as she and Celeborn continued on towards their royal talan. "It reminds me that life shouldn't' be taken advantage since it can go out so quick like a candle light. I had been overseeing Haldir's healing personally with the help of the master healer when he was close to entering Mandos' eternal halls. I was almost close to despair when we had a hard time withdrawing the Orc poison from his system. Thank the Valar that you still have the ancient medical book of healing within your possession, Celeborn." She turned her face up to look up at him lovingly. "My wise and strong husband, how could I have been able to do any of this without you?" "You wouldn't have been able to, my love." He replied with a wide smile. "I might not be able to have the gift of foresight, but deep within my own heart, I knew that you were going to carry a lot of burdens since you sought for way more here within these shores of Middle Earth and was going to be in need of someone who was wise, had the knowledge of the surrounding land and understood the importance of being able to be there when one needed a shoulder to lean on when times were too dark to be able to comprehend. But let us cease such silly talk until the new dawn and go draw that bath I promise you, love." "As you wish, my strong warrior." She laughed. "Lead on." The couple eventually came to their own private chambers that were located in the northern part of the royal talan after biding their passing servants goodnight. No sooner was the door closed and firmly locked by the outside bodyguards behind them, Celeborn preceded to undress his wife slowly while they kissed passionately. Galadriel had always felt every time her husband touched her like this whenever they had a chance to just spend a whole night, separated from the hurts of the world and their people's concerns, it was like their wedding night all over again. He was always the patient one, always in control and taking his time with her while her blood boiled with desire and a fiery needed that was easily matched by him when he let all of that 'royal control' make its run for the back door. She let out a soft moan when she felt his warm breath tickle her bare neck as her dress was loosened in the back by the strings. It fell from her body like a falling rose petal, leaving her only in her shift and underthings. Celeborn chuckled with approval. "Beautiful as always, my love." He said as he reached for her shift. "Now to get ride of these." Those came off faster before she felt herself being swept off her feet within his strong arms. She wrapped hers around his neck as he carried her into the bathing room and set her upon the small wooden seat by the bath itself so he could draw the hot water. "Are you not joining me, husband?" She asked him curiously as she watched him pour some bathing oils into the bath. "I think you could use it yourself after meeting with all of those visiting merchants from the Misty Mountains. Sure is a whole lot of dust that came with them, not that I'd be personally complaining because you make the dust float elsewhere other then those silk robes that you have on." She added coaxingly. "Please?" Galadriel widen her sky blue eyes upon him. Celeborn shook his head. "I can almost feel you using Nenya on me. That isn't gong to work and you know it, Galadriel." He shook a disapproving finger at her before scooping her up and disposing her into the bath. A little of the water splashed on the front of his robes but he merely shrugged it off. It was just water and so what if a little oil got on it? His personal servants knew of a secret method of how to get it out after years and years of dealing with such situations the next morning. "Please, Celeborn?" Galadriel continued to beg in her prettiest voice. "And for your own information, I'm not using Nenya on your mind to purseuad you into joining me with this warm bath. It might help you relax." She beckoned him before pausing with a glanced towards the bathroom door. "Someone wishes to see you quickly, husband." She said in a serious voice. "When does one not?" Celeborn sighed as he dried his hands on a towel. He kissed her on the forehead before reaching up to take of her circlet. "How could I forget about this?" He smirked before turning around to go back into the bedroom. Sure enough, much to his chagrin, someone was knocking on the door. "Coming." He called while going to the door and opening it to find a recently returned patrol warden. The march warden bowed deeply to him while holding out a scroll. "Evening, my lord." He greeted once he straighten back up. "This is supposed to be for you and Lady Galadriel. It a personal message from King Thranduil. His messenger is asking for more aide in the deeper parts of his boarders. There has been an sudden increase in Orc raids as of late since the last dispatch and its been very difficult to find healers from the other alliances who are willing to travel to his kingdom to aid