~ladystarlet~ I don't own any of the LOR, Amy is of my own work and imagination. Please review! "CLASH !" Haldir parried and stabbed his keen elven sword deep into the heart of the orc before him that nearly managed to decapitate one of the Rorriam warriors on the battlements of Helm's Deep. The elf sidestepped to the right and pulled out his sword and swept his sword though the orc's thick neck with a elven battle cry. The rain came pouring into the ditches of the battlements, causing the stones to become slippery and wet with blood and gore from the dying and the fallen. Haldir pulled out a hidden dagger out of his vambarace and stabbed the orc in the neck for sufferance and pulled it across it's ugly neck and pulled it out, panting. The cry of the men of Rohan and their fellow comrades as they fought to keep up the deference of Helm's Deep 's walls from the Army of samuron and his ten thousand strong Oruki as the orcs's continued to pour over the battlements like ants in a anthill. There were only about 1,00 strong Rohimm men left to fight and what was left of Haldir's small army of Elven warriors and archers. It was getting more grim as more and more men and elf were cut down by the cruel blade of the Orulki orcs of the white hand. They didn't have any possible chance to win this imposable battle if they didn't have any reinforcements by morning. " I pray to valar, that we all try to make up out of here." He thought , while running across the battlements, fighting off orcs here and there and giving encouragement to the Rohimm and his own men. Haldir was one thousand and forty five years old in the eyes of mortal men. And considered a enable catch among the elven women. He was unweded and was very handsome and well toned with grey eyes and long shoulder length golden blond hair. But due to the years of guarding the realm of Lady Galandriel, traveling abroad from time to time and fighting orcs, Halidir didn't have time to settle down and have a wife and children. Right now there was a war to fight in middle earth against Sadroun and quest to rule all the races of middle earth by the power of the one ring. Halidr ducked into a roll towared a narrow gully way that was filled with the dead bodies of both man and orc alike and managed to take an orce down with his dagger in the throat and turning swiftly on the other orc behind him with a heavy swing of his elven sword. "GARRRRRRRRRRRR!" The white painted face of the orc roared his challenge swung it's own upward and came down swift. The orc missed and sidestepped to the side to distract the elf. The captain didn't fall for it. He rolled backwards and stabbed upward into the orc's shoulder in an upward sweep and lopped off the head. it fell in toe rain soaked mud before Haldir with a heavy thud! The elf didn't even pause for a second as another one came up from behind and tried to catch him unawares. the elf turned quickly away for a second and the charged at it with a elven battle cry. They orc and him met with mighty thrusts and parries of their swords. Haldir hit from his right and swung upward and came down diagonally as the orc parried the blow and punched Haldir in the face with an iron covered fist. For a brief moment, he saw stared and became dizzy. The big orc screamed. Haldir's vision came back , just in time to duck out of the way from the death blow of his opponent. Haldir landed hard against the stone wall, bruising his ribs and he winced slightly as he felt his mithr'el mail stab into his fair skin. Halidr pushed himself up and swung at the orc with all of his elven strength His sword hit home and the orc bent down to pull it out of the armor when all of a sudden agony like red hot fire, broke out in his back l. He fell to his knees and could barley focus on someone calling his name. "Haldir!" Haldir saw a body of a dead elven archer nearby not too far from him. Cruel orc barbed arrows stood out of his body and a huge gash across his chest told him how the elf died. "So this is how death looks like to us, immortal beings." Haldir thought bitterly as his vision rapidly became dim and dark. He didn't feel himself fall to the ground. He allowed his eyes to close and his breathing became shallower. a mighty roaring noise broke out and Halidr felt a numbing coldness surround him and felt something hard and wet hit his face and body. The last thing he remembered before succumbing to the darkness was a sharp sound and then nothing. Just the cold darkness and feeling alone and numb inside while fire and pain continued to burn his back and wounds. ~Southern California, present day, 2010~ "Amy! do you need a lift home? A young blond teen called from the doorway of a Kitty's Nightclub to the long brunnet teenager, dressed in a pink mini skirt, fishnet stockings aqua strapless tank top and spiky two inch high heels. Amy laughed out loud. "Are you kidding, Mary? I've already called for my ride long time ago to come pick me up at ten." She looked at her silver watch and pointed with a slender finger. "See? its ten already on the dot." She beamed. Mary rolled her eyes upward at the heavens and smiled slightly. "Just making sure, girl that you do go home and not some other nightclub and party till dawn. What will your mother say to that?" Amy stuck her tongue out at her playfully and giggled as a black sports car pulled up to the curb beside her. "Goodnight Mary." she called back to her as she got inside and shut the front door. "See you Monday at school." Mary shouted though cupped hands. She watched her friend drive off and sighed tiredly. It had been a long night, but at least her friend was going home before her curfew tonight. No worries here about Amy. She was always the smart one in the head when it came to her responsibility as a daughter and trainee to be a doctor. Ant that was why Mary always kept an eye out for her friend whenever Amy's mom, Mrs. Lock, was abroad with her newest ans second husband, James Lock. At least she will be alright once she's home. "Bye guy's, see ya at school." Amy said as she stepped out of the car and shut the door closed. She looked up at her parent's three story mansion and sighed. Another long dreary night alone in a big mansion, while mom was away on her vacation with her new husband Jeff. She took her time unlocking the front door and walked inside with a sigh. "Man, if only I could just have one night of just being normal without such a big house." Amy groaned while slipping out of her jacket and high heels. She tossed them onto the nearby sofa without a backward glance. "Now for a long needed hot bubbly bath." Amy headed for the first floor bathroom, feeling too tired to bother going upstairs to her own bedroom to take her bath. This was what you got for having a three story mansion. Too many unused rooms that took up too much space and being a pain in the rear to keep up the maintenance. Amy took a good look at herself in the mirror and made a slight face at her body image. She had always thought she was never really pretty to the eyes of others. Ignoring the mirror, she drew her bath, watching it fill up with bubbles and steamy hot water. Musing, she thought about her slightly 5'3 height, slender built. Amy always made time to work out once or twice a week when she could during her busy scheduled at school, but never,ever had she once been asked out by a guy. Its was just something about her that just made guys want to stay away from her overall. She smirked out loud. What was the use about being concern with what she looked like toward others when no one even bothered to pay attention to her anyway? Slipping into the hot bath slowly, she was just about to submerge her whole body under the water, when a low moaning noise reached her ears though the bathroom window overhead. Amy felt a creeping shiver crawl though her body as she heard it again, this time a little more louder to the point she thought it sounded like a human groaning in pain. Amy dashed out of the tub, grabbing her nearby terry robe and her baseball bat by the door where she kept just in case. The noise sounded like it was coming from outside in the herb garden that her mother kept for medical purposes. Amy paused for a brief second at the patio door, biting her lip. Going back inside, she grabbed the flashlight and headed back out, swearing under her breath as she ran the light over the backyard. "Hello? Is anyone out there?" She said. All kinds of different scents of herbs and night air hit her nose as she walked slowly along the brick path that led toward the small herb garden. "Hello?" She called again a little bit louder while continuing to scan the grass with her light. "Is there someone out here?" Suddenly to her she heard the groan again. It was much closer to her now and it really did sound like someone was in dire pain. Amy wanted to go back inside the house and call the police but something told her in her gut to go see what is was that was making that noise. Tightly gripping her robe with a sweaty hand, she told herself to not scream as she followed the noise to one of the back yard trees that stood closer to where she and mom kept their herb garden. She could see a a shad ow of a figure laying on the ground in a crumbled heap. As Amy got closer, she could easily hear something like ragged breathing that were almost too shallow, along with a unusual odor that smelled like the mixture of blood and sweat. "H-h-hello? Are you hurt?" She called as she slowly crept forward, inch by inch until she saw under the beaming light of her flash light, that is was a young man dressed very oddly in something that looked like heavy metal pieces and a red crimson cloak with gold thread woven into intricate designs of flowers. She knelt beside him and reached out to part the long blond locks of hair from his face. What Amy saw made her gasp sharply and pull her hand away as if she had been burned with fire. The blond guy was very handsome, so handsome to the point that it made every boy she had been dating in the past two years look like complete shit. Despite the blood mixed with sweat and grim on his fair face, she could see that he could be close to her age, perhaps even older by a few years. The stranger slowly opened his eyes and focused them for a moment on her. The man faintly said something to her in a foreign tongue that sounded like music to her ears, before wincing sharply when he moved his arm towards her. Amy wasn't sure if she was dreaming, but obviously this was a real guy that was