I wish to give a big thank you to legolasgreenleaf14 for volunteering to beta this story! This chapter has been edited. Well I am not one to usually have two stories going at once, however, this idea popped into my head as I was reading some fanfiction and I found I just had to start writing it. Hopefully the readers will enjoy it. Please read and review and tell me what you think. Evelyn means beautiful bird while her surname Kenward means bold/royal guardian. Chapter 1 Prologue She hated coming to town. It was a nuisance. In fact, if she had not needed more feed for the horses, she would have told her friends no. She was perfectly fine, staying home on her quiet farm, working all day. However, guilt had eaten at her for being a recluse of late, and she found herself agreeing to meet them downtown for dinner. The lights of the passing cars blinded her; she swore that she almost got flattened about twenty times since she left the restaurant. She sighed, and where were her friends now? Gone, of course. She had happened on an old friend - her farrier - and had quickly excused herself to go say hello. Apparently, they took it as a cue to leave, because when she turned around maybe five minutes later, they were nowhere to be seen. He had been a gentleman and offered to walk her to her car, but she assured him it was okay; she was only a few blocks down on a little side street. Now, however, she wished she had changed her mind and agreed. She felt so out of place, so foreign. The sound of her heels clicking on the sidewalk, and the splash of puddles were her only company. Pulling her jacket closer around her, she ducked her head and walked just a bit faster. After what seemed like hours later, she arrived at her big red GMC truck and began fumbling around for her keys, which she should have already had out, or so they say when you're walking about the city alone. But, she also had parked in a well lit area. When she finally grabbed them out of the bottom of her pocket book, she dropped them, and cursed silently to herself. Bending down to retrieve them, she never saw the man walking up behind her. She felt the rough hand wrap around her mouth, the other around her torso, jerking her up. There was not even time for her to scream, for it all happened so fast. She was face-to-face with a tall, black-haired man, his face mostly concealed by a ski mask, but she could see his eyes and those told her enough. She could see the evil in them, see the hunger they held. She was in trouble. She could also hear him yelling at her, though the words did not really sink in. It took time, but her mind slowly started working, pushing down the fear that was paralyzing her. Doing nothing would get her nowhere; she had to fight, and she had to get away. Her fear and adrenaline drove her. She had a black belt in martial arts, so she could defend herself. She had to, because her life depended on it now. She felt herself grab the man's arms with her hands, finding them shaking, but ignored it. Then she forced her weight down and forward, landing hard on her knees, but it worked. Her attacker went down. She heard him grunt from the impact. "Thank gah." She breathed a sigh of relief, only to realize there was movement behind her. With her focus on getting away, she never saw the other men leaning against the wall, watching the show. She did now. Now, she felt sheer panic flowing through her body. She hesitated, and felt a hand grab her ankle. The man on the ground was getting up, and he was not happy. Without thinking, she landed a kick square in his jaw, hearing it crack. He let go and she ran, but not before she heard him yell, "Get the bitch!" There were feet pounding behind her. She should have run the opposite way; she should have run to the main street, but in her fear she chose the path that seemed to take her farthest from the pursuers. The only problem was that it led to a dead end. She hit the brick wall, feeling it scrape against her skin like sandpaper. She turned with her back pressed as far back as it could possibly go. What was she going to do now? She had nowhere to go, no place to run. There were also five men now standing between her and her only way out. She took a defensive stance, because fighting was her only hope. She would not go down without a fight. She found herself screaming for help though she did not register telling her mouth to do so. It seemed to do it of its own accord, and then again, she did not feel much in control of her own body. The men began to laugh. "Look here, she's gonna put up a fight." His voice was gruff and throaty and his eyes held the same hunger as the guy who grabbed her. She watched as he lunged forward. He was obviously drunk, because anyone with any sense could tell by his clumsy movements. She stepped to the right, swung her right arm over, catching him behind the head, and watched proudly as he stumbled and fell head first into the brick wall. Of course it was not enough to knock him unconscious, for he was already moving to get up, cursing like a sailor. Of course, seeing another of their own hit the ground gave the others a reason to rush forward. In a split second, doing the only thing that she could think of, she dropped to the ground, kicked her feet out, and swiped two off their feet. Then, leaping up, she took the opening and ran. She ran hard and fast, faster than she ever thought possible. She wasn't about to risk looking back, because the pounding steps behind her told her all she needed to know. If she could just make it to her truck, if she could get inside, she could get away. The sight of the truck sitting alone under the streetlamp gave her hope; she was so close. Then she hit the ground, blinding pain radiating around her head. When she tried looking around, all she saw were stars clouding her vision. For a moment, she blacked out. When she came around, it was not more than a few seconds after hitting the ground. She tried to move, but soon found herself struggling, due to a heavy weight pinning her to the ground. She thrashed harder, feeling the asphalt under her rip at her exposed skin and clothing. Around her was the sound of laughter. Somehow, she managed to get her feet under the person's weight and shove them backward, but it did no good. Another man grabbed her hair from behind, jerking her back as soon as she tried to sit up. "You shouldn't have done that." The voice laughed. She watched the man circle her, though she still struggled. Then, she caught the glint of metal twirling in his hands, and it felt as if her heart stopped. Oh God no, she thought. The fear she now felt was indescribable. Her senses were heightened. She could hear everything; smell their breath, their sweat. Everything her eyes saw she saw in perfect clarity, even the dust hanging around them. Still she tried to fight, until the hand closed around her throat, and the knife stopped right in front of her eyes. She felt the tears flowing, heard herself screaming and pleading for help and to be let go. She kicked out at them, some landing on their mark while others missed. Then, there was a pressure in her side. She was so shocked she could not even scream. There was so much adrenaline still pumping, she hardly felt any pain, but she knew the knife had been stabbed into her. She could smell the iron. It was the strong scent of death. "Come now boys, don't play with your prey." The voice belonged to the man who had first grabbed her. She did not want to give up. She wanted to keep fighting, but she felt pressure points now all over her torso and arms. Her head was clouded; she felt dizzy and lightheaded. All of the clarity she had seconds before was leaving her. Then the pain started, and it flooded her system. There was no energy left for her to scream, to move, or to do anything. Her vision was slowly going black; she could see the men around her, all wiping their knives, leaving her there on the alley to bleed to death. Then it was all black, she saw nothing, she smelled nothing, she heard nothing. All there was was a calming peace, and she smiled. So this is death, she thought and remembered no more. … When her eyes opened, she expected to feel pain, to feel drowsy, to feel something. She expected to see a hospital room around her. But she did not. She felt nothing. When she looked down, she noticed that she was in a plain white gown, much like what she would normally see in a hospital. Instead, she was in a field, surrounded by the most beautiful forest she had ever laid eyes upon. Rose bushes grew under the trees in the clearing, where a fountain bubbled in its center. She did a double take. There were people as well. Maybe people is not the best word, she thought to herself. They were glowing, and they were beautiful, both man and woman alike. All were in very simple, but sparkling, white robes, yet somehow they were the most elegant dresses she had ever seen. They had the form of people, looked human, but it was something she felt in her very soul. There was more to them, they were powerful and they were important, and very not human. "Where am I?" She asked as her voice trembled, revealing just how shaken she was. The beings, which is what she decided to call them since human did not seem fitting, stayed where they were, all giving her sympathetic smiles. "Here has many names, has many realms. To you, it may be considered a part of heaven, but to where you are going it is part of Valinor." A man spoke, his voice as strong and as clear as a crisp autumn day, a voice she could listen to all day, but one she knew she did not dare disobey. "So that makes you…" she paused. "Angels we are often called on Earth. But, like this place, we have many names. To others, we are the Valar. Every religion has its differences, but we are one in the same." This time it was a woman that spoke. She had the same voice as the man, only much softer and more feminine. "I'm dead then." She spoke, but it was more of a statement than a question. Nevertheless, the angels or Valar, whoever they were, answered anyway. "Your earth body is dead, yes, but your soul, Evelyn Kenward, is strong and is very much alive. Your task is not complete; you have much left to accomplish." "I'm sorry, but I don't think I understand." How could she have task to complete and things to accomplish if she was dead? Dead people couldn't do anything. What were they talking about? The man and woman smiled at her and walked forward while the others stayed by the fountain, seemingly unaware of the happenings around them. "You are strong, born of a strong line, but you were never meant to die.