A/N: So, this chapter is my original one-shot that I had written for the Sandbox " Things That Go Bump In The Night " Contest. It won Third Place! I wrote this one-shot with the intention of expanding it to a full story. However, I wanted to collaborate with my wonderful Pauline, since we work so well together! FYI- This is a different Bella and Edward from our first story, but we are sure you will like this version, as well. Don't worry; we have not given up on " Where There's Smoke ." We will still keep with the same posting schedule. We figured if other authors can write more than one story at a time, then so can we ;) Enjoy! Disclaimer: SM owns it all. We just own the growing collection of ticket stubs from seeing New Moon four times. Seriously, how freaking awesome was that movie? We cannot stop talking about it! *Bella* "Alice, are you sure this isn't too much? Don't get me wrong. I am so glad that you offered to find a costume and dress me up, but…really?" I asked my best friend as I stared apprehensively into the full length mirror. "Bella, please." Alice started, placing her hands on her hips- a stance she liked to take before she was about to lecture me. Although, she was usually not dressed as Princess Belle. "You are gorgeous and you have a slammin' body. Why not show your luscious assets off to the masses?" I eyed my petite fairy-like friend skeptically as I turned to face her. "And you think I can achieve that by wearing this outfit to your Halloween party? Just what do you hope to accomplish for me tonight?" "My goal is to get you back out in the company of men, Bella," she deadpanned. Alice grabbed me gently by the waist and spun me around, placing her hands on my shoulders and forcing me to survey my reflection. "Honey, you need to quit hiding and reintroduce yourself to the social scene. It's been a year." "Well, you know how hard it's been for me, raising my daughter on my own. I am aware that one year has passed since James and I divorced, but It's not like I am purposely trying to become some hermit who locks herself away in her house. You have been witness to just how my life has drastically changed, Alice. However, now that Elyse is older, I am starting to realize that I need a healthy balance between being a mother and being fun, flirty, outgoing Bella. That's why I am here, sweetie." I thought of how my life turned into an interesting series of events. At the ripe old age of twenty, I became pregnant with my daughter, Elyse, and got married to a man that loved his friends and Budweiser more than me. Granted, I wasn't completely in love with James, but I naively thought that in time, I would grow to truly adore him. Instead, I was rewarded for my stupidity with a guy who managed to embarrass me at any kind of function that involved drinking and hanging out with friends. I closed my eyes and raised my hands to my temples and started rubbing in circular motions, trying to ease the walk down memory lane. When I reopened them, I looked at Alice through the mirror and continued. "I knew we would eventually part, but what I wasn't prepared for was being forced to kick James out when Elyse was only one year old, robbing her of a father." I remember feeling so guilty and ashamed at the time knowing my daughter wouldn't have her own daddy living under the same roof. Truthfully, I was petrified at the thought of raising a child on my own at twenty-one. It's not as though James was a hands-on dad from the start. I can recall when Elyse was first born he wouldn't even sleep in the same bed as me, complaining that if the baby was going to be sleeping in the room, she would wake him from his slumber at crazy hours. According to James, he couldn't afford to lose sleep, as he was finishing up his last year of college. Yeah, James got to finish his schooling with a degree in Business, while I stayed home with our daughter, essentially having to drop out of school. I really didn't have a choice. My parents, Charlie and Renee, were all the way up in Forks, while James and I were in Seattle at UW. It didn't help that they were disappointed in my poor choices and refused to help out. James' family had been supportive, but only in helping James pay for school. They didn't like me too much, as they viewed me as the slut who tricked her boyfriend into getting her pregnant just so she could have a share in the family fortune, which could not be further from the truth. Money never mattered to me and I certainly didn't like to feel like a charity case. Charlie and Renee had refused to continue paying for college, stating that if I thought I was adult enough to get myself knocked up, I was old enough to figure out a way to pay for school. At first, I was utterly shocked and devastated that my parents would do that to their own flesh and blood, but the moment Elyse left my body and I cradled her in my arms, my life felt…complete. Nothing else mattered and I knew that as long as I could care for Elyse, everything else would simply fall into place. Elyse was my sun, my moon, my world and I didn't regret any decision I had made, for I was to this day, completely consumed with my little girl. Alice tore me from my reverie as she spoke up. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to dampen the mood. It's just that you deserve some happiness besides Elyse. Trust me, that tiny two year old has me and Jasper wrapped around her pinky, but you need to invite some fun back into your life…Don't look at me like that, Bella! And you know I'm not talking about the kind of fun where you immerse yourself with your little kiddies at the daycare." She wagged a finger at me. "I'm talking about some quality adult interaction, preferably with the opposite sex." "You're right, Alice," I resigned. "It's been an awfully long time since I was able to let loose a little. Now that Elyse is two, she has become so independent, and I think she craves other people's attention other than her mommy's," I chuckled. "Yay!" Alice smiled widely, clapped her hands animatedly, and beckoned me over to her so she could envelope me in a tight squeeze. Once she let me out of her vice grip, she started again. "We're going to have a blast tonight! You won't be sorry you came. Oh! I totally forgot to tell you that Jasper's brothers are coming to the party tonight. They flew in from Chicago early this morning. I am so excited to finally introduce you to Emmett and Edward. They are such awesome guys." "Well, if they are anything like Jasper, I'm sure we'll get along just fine." I shrugged and critiqued myself for the umpteenth time in the mirror. My Snow White costume was an absolute joke. The dress was literally a tiny piece of fabric that barely covered my ass, and it was so form fitting in the front, pushing my tits together, that I didn't bother to wear a bra. I could barely breathe as it was. The dress flared a little because of the ruffling effect underneath and came down a few inches below my ass. Alice had found matching white underwear that had ruffles on the butt, so when I would bend over, one would think it was part of the dress. The damn cape was longer than my dress and stopped just above my knees. Thankfully, the black Mary Janes I was wearing on my feet were flat, so I wouldn't have to worry about breaking an ankle or something. One would hope, but the night is still young. I didn't fuss over wearing any stockings on my legs, because I knew as the night wore on, I would only be itching to rip them off my body. Putting my foot down with Alice, which was not an easy feat, I decided to forgo the wig, seeing as I wasn't so thrilled at the prospect of my scalp emitting gallons of sweat, and wore my hair down. Waves of hair cascaded down to the middle of my back and Alice found the cutest sparkly red headband that seemed to glisten against my chocolate brown locks. My hair was the only wholesome aspect of this outfit. I looked like Snow White's evil prostitute twin… Walt Disney would be so proud . "Okay, Princess Belle, let's go find your beast…and me my Prince Charming." I interlocked my arm with Alice's as we giggled and exited her bedroom to go join her party guests downstairs. Letting my inhibitions go, I realized that Alice was indeed correct. I needed to let loose, and let loose I certainly did. Once we made it downstairs, we quickly spotted Jasper and our dear friend Rosalie conversing with a mammoth of a man dressed as a football player, who turned out to be Jasper's older brother, Emmett. He was leaning awfully close to Rose, and I briefly wondered if something was brewing between them. Once he was introduced to me, Emmett immediately pulled me into what can only be described as a bone crushing hug, lifting me off my feet and spinning me around. He was delighted to finally meet one of Jasper's close friends. Apparently, Emmett lived with Edward in Chicago and they owned their own architectural firm, which according to Emmett, was hugely successful. Jasper was extremely close to his brothers, and he was so excited that Edward and Emmett decided to make the trip to attend his Halloween party. Alice had met them before when she and Jasper flew to Chicago this past summer. She liked to describe Emmett as fun loving and goofy, and had said that Edward was more serious and brooding. Alice had also mentioned that even though Jasper was her soul mate, Edward was some serious eye candy. I had to admit, I was curious to meet this guy that I had heard so much about, but Edward was nowhere to be found. "So, where the hell is Edward?" Alice inquired, as if reading my thoughts. Emmett rolled his eyes, "Hell if I know. I left him at the hotel taking a business call. Work first, you know. He told me he would catch a cab here and meet us when he was good and ready." "Yeah, that's our brother for you," Jasper sighed. He shot me a sideways glance and commented thoughtfully, "Edward's much like you, Bells…in need of letting go and enjoying himself." Now it was my turn for the eye rolling. "Alright, enough you guys. Why don't we continue this great debate on the dance floor…but let's do a shot first!" I winked at Rosalie who cocked her eyebrow in my direction. Three shots of Patron and four apple martinis later, I was feeling quite relaxed and in my element. Rosalie, Alice and I danced until there was a thin sheen of sweat coating our bodies. In desperate need of fresh air and my ears in need of a break from the music that was pounding through them, I decided this would be a great time to step outside and called the babysitter to check and see how my Elyse was doing. It took ten minutes for Mrs. Cope to assure me that my daughter was perfectly content in her bed sleeping. I thanked her profusely and ended the call.