A Daughter's Curse By TheDarkAngelLilith Ginny just wants to express her love for Harry in every way possible. Her family is making that extremely difficult to manage. She decides to take matters into her own hands but when her mother discovers her leaving Harry's bedroom the next morning there will be hell to pay. Sometimes being the only daughter is a curse. Ginny loved her family, cherished them most of anything in the world, but sometimes she'd give anything for them to just leave her alone. Five over protective and tormenting brothers and two parents who guarded their only daughter and youngest child like a sacred treasure. She supposed she should've been grateful, Ron complained about how he felt second place to her. Really she'd be glad to give some of their attention away to him. It felt rather a curse to be the only child not of age in the Weasley family. She felt as if her parents were clinging to her hoping that if they held on tight enough she wouldn't grow up and move away. But she already had grown up she would be seventeen in a month's time and frankly she was quite eager to move away. She was feeling more over coddled than she ever had and that was saying something. Her childhood was spent with her parents constantly hovering over her shoulder. "Be careful Ginny" "Don't run Ginny you could fall" "Don't touch that Ginny it's sharp" all things her brothers almost never heard. If all this wasn't enough her mother wanted her to be the perfect lady, a model house wife. This was everything that described the exact opposite of Ginny. She was not going to bite her lip and cross her legs like a little lady and if she wanted to cuss she would damn well do so. Admittedly she'd been watching her mouth less and less lately as to prove a point. There was no way in hell she was going to be a house wife either. The only family member that was not making her want to pull her hair out at the moment was Harry, and yes she absolutely considered him her family. She knew everyone else did too but it obviously different with her. Where as to the rest of the Weasley family Harry Potter had become a brother or son figure to Ginny it was a romantic connection almost like her husband you could say. They were not married and given the fact she was sixteen and her family would most likely maim Harry if he proposed at this point and time, their official union would have to wait. Ginny just didn't feel that the term "boyfriend" justified how she felt. It wasn't profoundly important to her that they got married but she wanted to show how much she loved Harry in every way possible. This again was where her biological family were driving her up one wall and right back down the other. After everything she and Harry had been through after all their relationship had overcome they could finally be together. Ginny thought it was justifiable that she felt very affectionate towards Harry and he her. Though living with at least one of her bothers and her parents at all times made showing this affection near impossible. Ron would only allow them to hold hands and kiss briefly before he started to give them very dirty looks or clear his throat. If any of her other brothers came to visit it was a range of different reactions. Bill wasn't so bad but on one occasion when their kissing became quite heated he gave a cough of disapproval. Percy was pompous as ever rattling off things about how they didn't need to be sexually involved to have a meaningful relationship. Charley hadn't been to visit since the battle of Hogwarts. Though he had sent a short slightly joking message about feeding Harry to Norberta if he hurt his "baby sister". George was insufferable. Like Charley he made seemingly comical threats about what he would do if Harry were to break her heart. They all knew there was some real meaning behind the threats though they were posed as a joke. The worst thing about George's take on their relationship was his comments. He would yell crude things after them like "Don't forget your fertility potion!" and "You know you can spread jinxes snogging like that". Then there was her parents, oh her parents were the worst. First of all they made it very clear that Harry would not be spending time in her bedroom. They said that they approved of their relationship but they didn't want them doing anything "inappropriate". What exactly the boundaries of "inappropriate" were she was testing very quickly. Though she would never speak a word of it to anyone as a precaution her mother had taught her about magical birth control methods. Of course they had touched upon things of the sort before but never this in depth. Little did her mother know Hermione had already given her precise instructions on a potion for such things. She'd never had a reason to use it. She was a little embarrassed to admit that in moments of heated passion with Harry she wanted to. Ginny was desperate to get some time alone with Harry. She'd dreamt that a room of requirement had appeared in the burrow. There they could talk, kiss and cuddle as much as they wanted for as long as they wanted without fear of being scolded. That was exactly what Ginny wanted she just wanted to love him freely in all the ways she desired. She wasn't a child she should've been allowed to decide for herself who she loved and how. She tried to talk Harry into sneaking into her room at night after her parents and Ron went to bed. Harry refused saying he didn't want to abuse the trust her parent's gave him. She respected him for this and she knew he only had both their best interests in mind. Sometimes she wished he would keep his rebellious streak he had at school with things like this. Her patience was wearing thin and soon she had come up with a crazy idea. It might just have been crazy enough to work. All that day Ginny had been a little more courageous than usual, sneaking more gentle touches and kisses. She would brush up against him if they came close to each other. While de-gnomeing the garden Harry gave her a small peck on the cheek. In return she wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a rough kiss on the lips. If she wasn't being bold enough she let herself get even more carried away and let her hand slip down to his bottom. This resulted in her mother yelling her full name which always meant she was in deep trouble. The intoxicated look on Harry's face after the kiss made it worth it. After dinner she'd sat in his lap at which point Mr. Weasley cleared his throat and Harry slid her into the seat beside him. Harry was intrigued and a little nervous about her new attitude. He noticed as the day persisted along with her risky behavior he started to crave the attention. By night fall he wanted nothing more than to grab her and kiss her with every pint up emotion he'd withheld that summer. Ginny had noticed this and was rather pleased with herself. Following her plan Ginny made a point of going to bed early, or so she told the others. As she walked out of the room she saw in the mirror that Harry was staring transfixed by her. This was all going perfectly. Ginny lied awake listening very carefully. She heard her parents retreat to their bedroom and a frustrating half hour later Ron walked upstairs. She knew that soon Harry would turn in as well. Sure enough a minute later she heard the stairs creak as he passed her door. She waited to hear his door close and then she practically jumped out of bed with an eager smile. As Ginny climbed the stairs to Fred and George's old room she felt excitement and nerves swirl in her stomach. She was ready for this. She wasn't a child anymore and they couldn't stop her. She'd taken the liberty of putting on her old bride's maid dress. It was the nicest piece of clothing she owned. Aunt Muriel said it was too low cut and Ginny agreed but that was just what she wanted in this situation. Her confidence had never been higher and as she reached the room Harry was staying in she didn't even bother to knock. Harry jumped a look of shook over taking his features. He was just about to change and to Ginny's delight was shirtless. She soaked in the sight with eager adoration. He wasn't overly buff but the physical endeavors of the months he'd spent away had brought out his muscles a little. As well did the fact that he'd lost weight in that time and he'd already been very thin beforehand. "Well that was timing," Ginny grinned as she shut the door behind her. "Ginny, what are you doing?" Harry asked stunned by her sudden appearance. Ginny ignored the question quickly casting the muffliato charm. "Ginny, you can't be in here. I would love to spend the night together you know that but I don't want to abuse your parents' trust." Harry sighed. He didn't want to turn her away it was hard for him to say no to her but he felt that if he wanted to respect her he had to respect her parents. "This isn't their choice to make, it's ours," Ginny stated, her voice sounded different slightly lower thick and velvety. She stepped closer until their bodies were flush and ran her fingers tentatively over his bare chest. He flinched as her finger tips graced his stomach and inhaled sharply as they ghosted the hem of his jeans. Harry didn't have the emotional restraint to push her away not when it felt so right. He knew he should but why? Why when it felt like her love was a cure to a fatal illness he was suffering from? But then she pulled away voluntarily. He cast a confused look down at her a piece of him screamed to pull her back. He then noticed what she was wearing and how from this angle he could see very far down her chest. "Are you trying to seduce me?" Harry asked bewildered but at same time very appreciative of the effort. "That depends," she whispered and her tone told him everything. She moved closer once again hovering just inches away he could feel her breath tantalisingly warm against his neck and she whispered "Is it working?" "Ginny," he groaned "Don't do this." Indeed it was working very well and he knew he couldn't allow it to but she had no plans of stopping. Ginny closed the gap and began to kiss his neck letting her tongue grace his supple flesh. She felt him react felt his involuntary sigh of pleasure. She knew that the chills she felt course her veins were mirrored in his. Harry knew he was losing this battle. He could feel what little resolve he had slipping away with the extraordinary feeling of her hot wet lips. He pressed one hand to the small of her back and the other firmly between her shoulder blades. Ginny pulled up from his neck very satisfied with the misty look in Harry's eyes. Her gaze flickered from his beautiful green eyes to his soft lips. "Gin we can't," he whispered he almost sounded like he was winded. "Yes we can," she murmured. She took his face in her hands and kissed him just softly then pulled away. It was then seeing love and lust mixed in Ginny's stare