Bells will be ringing the sad, sad news Oh what a Christmas to have the blues Please come home for Christmas Please come home for Christmas If not for Christmas by New Year's night The Eagles crooned about a blue Christmas while Peeta's old jeep wrangler chugged along the familiar winding roads of Panem, Ohio. The engine gave a groan as he turned onto Pearl Street and into the parking lot next to the historic red brick building. The faded black paint in a familiar script that pronounced Mellark's Bakery looked even more worn than the last time he had walked rustic cobblestone pathway up to the building. Shoving his hands deep into the frayed pockets of his old jeans, he came to the front of the shop and eyed it carefully. A large Christmas tree in the corner of the window gave off the warmth of the building, but no matter how similar everything looked, he knew it could never feel the same. The cakes weren't decorated with quite the same precision, though he doubted anyone but himself would notice...and well maybe one other person. He sighed and wrapped his hand around the familiar gold door knob with the embossed M and twisted it, the sound of tinkling bells echoing in the currently vacant store. He took a deep breath looking around the building, the smell of fresh bread and pastries wafted through cozy store and into his nostrils. He blinked quickly feeling the pin pricks at his eyes. He took another breath trying to calm himself down. His eyes scanned the bakery and landed on the source of his pain. A family portrait. Shuttering, he turned on his heel and treaded back to the glass bakery door. "Three years and you're not even going to say hello before you run out?" a teasing lilt came from behind him. Peeta froze in his tracks and closed his eyes. Their voices were so similar, it was like a punch to the gut, "Parker?" He croaked turning around to see his eldest brother. They had the same golden blonde hair, but where Peeta's eyes were a bright blue, Parker had the same kind green eyes that his father has…had. The green eyed man's mouth quirked up in a smile, "Hey Peet." "PARKER THERE'S NO WAY I CAN FINISH THOSE CAKES FOR THE CARTWRIGHTS AND THE HAWTHO –" A third blonde head came through the back of the bakery, "PEETA," He exclaimed coming around the counter swiftly and embracing Peeta with a hug and a firm slap on the back, "Christ man – ever heard of a phone?" "Hey Rye," Peeta replied, the tips of his ears turning red. "Damn it's good to see you back little brother." "I – uh, it felt like time," Peeta responded. "Damn right it's time. We need you – three years without you here to ice these damn Christmas cookies, apparently mine aren't good enough for the good people of Panem," Rye retorted throwing him the frosting bag. Parker shook his head and squeezed Peeta's shoulder, "We're sorry we missed graduation Peet – with the Holidays…" "It's okay, I understand." "But we're so happy you decided to come home man, we missed you….we all missed you." It only took being back in town less than 48 hours for him to see her. It had been three years and she had just as much an effect on him as she always had. Her raven hair was woven together in a complex braid as if time had stood still for the past three years. His eyes followed her as she entered Greasy Sae's diner. It took all his self-control not to run across the street and follow her in. To try and explain, to make things…right. The second time he saw her was through the small porthole window in the swinging wooden doors that separated the bakery storefront from the kitchen. Her voice was muted, but he could imagine her asking for cheese bun, tearing apart the savory roll while her fingers became sticky with the melted cheese and that small happy groan that exits her mouth. Just that small noise sends him back to a time and place…a happier time and place where he was responsible for such noises. When he would pick her up and perch her on the countertop when the store was empty, except one of his brothers baking in the back, and step in between her legs and kiss her with such a fervor that he felt would never die. He closed his eyes and thought back to when she had finally allowed him to be everything to her that he had wanted since he was five years old. "Peeta what if Parker comes out from the back?" He gave her a winning smile, "So?" "Peeta Mellark," she slapped his wandering hand. "Katniss Everdeen," he mocked her sweetly. "Everyone thinks you're so sweet but you're really just rotten, aren't you, Golden Boy?" His hand trailed up the back of her head digging into her long dark locks as he pressed a fevered kiss to her mouth, prodding along the seam of her lips until she finally succumbed to his whim, a whimper echoing from the back of her throat. He chuckled softly and pulled back slightly, resting his forehead against her own, "And everyone thinks you're sullen and standoffish – so I guess we're fooling everyone, aren't we sweetheart?" Katniss snorted at his attempts to be smarmy and shoved his strong sculpted shoulder, "Go make me some cheese buns, bread boy." "You know you can't hide from Katniss forever, Peet," Rye ribbed, breaking him out of his reverie. "I'm not hiding," he mumbled looking down at that unfrosted cake, "I'm just trying keep you both from destroying all of dad's hard work. "Well, while you were off in la la land, Delly called." "What?" "She came in for a cake for her Mom's birthday the other day, I told her you were back, she and Finnick and Annie want you to come out of your hole and go out with them. So go." He said pushing him away from the cake, "Call her. You're smelling up the joint." "C'mon Peeta, you haven't seen people in forever," Delly said as she dragged him into Abernathy's, the hole in the wall neighborhood bar. "Finnick and Annie are waiting for us!" "Okay okay Del, I'm coming, you don't have to pull my arm out of my socket." "Well pardon me, Peeta Mellark, you disappear for years and barely call – we're excited to see you." "All right!" he acquiesced, a small smile playing on his lips. Peeta walked into Abernathy's and saw how crowded the cozy bar was, "PEET!" A shout from across the bar came. Peeta crossed the small bar with Delly trailing behind to the bronzed hair Adonis of a man who hurriedly wrapped the blonde in a bear hug, "Shit man, it's been too long, we fucking missed you around here buddy!" Peeta wrapped the man on the back with three successive back slaps, "It's good to see you too Finn." Peeta leaned down across booth and kissed the red head next to him on the cheek, "You too Annie." "You look good Peeta," she smiled quietly. "Someone's been eating their Wheaties," Finnick winked, commenting on Peeta's more toned physique. Peeta rolled his eyes, "How about you not flirt with me when you girlfriend is sitting right there," Peeta teased. "Fiancée," Finnick quipped playfully, lifting Annie's hand up." "Wow – my condolences, Annie", he teased, receiving a swift punch to the shoulder as Annie's soft laughter rang out. Peeta cracked a small smile, "But seriously, congratulations to both of you," Peeta replied sincerely, feeling a jolt in his heart, realizing just how much he had missed since he left. "Thanks Peeta," Annie smiled demurely. "Are you sure he didn't hypnotize you though Annie?" Delly cracked a smile as she saw glimpses of her old friend come back into focus. "So Peet, let me buy you a shot or a beer, because it's Christmas karaoke night, and you're going to need it," Finnick laughed. Peeta cocked his eyebrow as he looked at Delly, "Really Del?" "Well…" she blushed, "You needed to get out! And what better way to celebrate your homecoming than watching our little town embarrass itself." "Fair point," he said signaling to the waitress for a Blue Moon. The foursome watched as Cato Summers belted out an awful rendition of jingle bell rock full on with dance moves and then Marvel Hollander butchered the Muppet Christmas Carol song. Peeta was into his third Blue Moon when a familiar voice came over the microphone. A voice that echoed in his mind over and over on repeat some nights. " I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need" His breath caught in his throat as his eyes focused in on her. Seeing her from afar didn't do her justice. She was even more beautiful than he remembered. That voice she rarely shared with anyone but him echoed throughout the room " I just want you for my own…more than you could ever know, make my wish come true, all I want for Christmas is youuuuu," she sang, her finger circling across the entire room, her facial expression shocked when she landed on him. It was if time stood still as she stared at him. The karaoke spotlight caught and reflected on the small diamond placed on her left ring finger and Peeta's beer mug clattered onto the table. It was like a swift kick to the stomach. He knew it was his fault. He's the one who ran. But seeing her….his Katniss with another man's ring on her finger, he felt jittery and bolted out of the booth and out the door. "Peeta!" Delly's high pitched voice yelled after him as he walked down the alleyway "Peeta wait!" He squeezed his fists together, "What Delly?" He growled. She recoiled slightly but then pushed forward, "What the hell happened with you two?" "What do you mean?" "I mean this entire town was practically planning your wedding and then you just up and disappeared and pretty much spoke to no one after your dad – " she stopped abruptly, seeing the painful expression cross his face. Peeta's head shot up his breath hitching as he went spiraling back to that day. Christmas 2011 His hands wrapped around her body as she snuggled into his chest, effectively curling up in his lap. "This is a stupid movie, Peeta," she mumbled. "You know," he teased, "You can just admit you're scared, Kat." "Am – " she jumped burrowing her head into his shoulder, "not," she finished weakly. "It's okay baby, I love you – always, even if you are a scaredy cat," he winked. She shoved his shoulder and he chuckled, "Okay, so I'm just waiting for you to give into Christmas movies." "So let me get this straight – it's either serial killers or mushy Christmas movies?" "Trying to set the mood here baby." "You're setting the mood for possibly being mentally deranged and an interesting interrogation by the cops and an appearance on Dateline if I go missing" He nuzzled into her neck, his lips finding that sensitive patch of skin right below her earlobe earning a low moan, "Peeta," "Mmm – my favorite sound," he grinned before nipping slightly at her earlobe. "Peeta – Prim is upstairs," she groaned. "She's not going to come down here, she practically helped push us together," he chuckled pushing her hair off her neck, her gray eyes glittering from the reflection of the Christmas lights strewn around the tree. "Peeta my mother is a few rooms over," she chuckled. "My hands are in plain sight," he said placing his hands in the air as he leaned in again and kissed her. "You're an idiot," she laughed melodically. "I'm your idiot. And as your