"Hair and complexion was as bright as the sun…" CHAPTER I ******The words that are italicized means that the person is thinking of spoken thoughts within their minds!****** ******I definitely want to hear your guys' opinions of this, and exactly what I should make what a main focus, whether it's adventure, or more romance, or equality in both in which I am striving for! Thanks for reading I really appreciate it!****** The rays of the morning sun sprayed into Aeroneil's room. The young elven woman slightly opened her eyes her hand reaching to cover her eyes from the brightness. She heard the soft conversation between her parents and quickly got up to the window near her bedside. Her father exited the house with his two blades and bow in gear. She sighed at the thought, what does he even do? Why is it such a secret in my life… The thought quickly went away as her mother opened the bedroom door. "Good morning my Evenstar, what causes you to wake up so early today?" Aeroniel took a step back from the window and sat back down on her bed. "My body just told me it was time to wake I guess." Her mother smiled and nodded closing the door. She slumped back onto her bed looking at her ceiling. I'll find out sooner or later. She threw on her practice gear, picked up her bow and casket of arrows and headed down the stairs. "Going somewhere?" Her mother asked picking dishes up from the table. Aeroniel arched her eyebrow in surprise. "Yeah.. I'm going to the training grounds, as usual?" Her mother shook her head no and threw a folded piece of paper at her. Aeroneil caught it, opening it. "You can go after you're done with some errands, yes?" Aeroniel sighed dropping her gear. "Of course. I'll be on my way." She folded up the paper, shoved it in her back pockets, and walked out of the front door. In the enchanted forests of Mirkwood, ruled by the well respected King Thranduil, lay a small but decent amount of Silvan elves, enough to protect these enchanted lands. Eroborn Fefalas, was the King's most trusted guardian and friend. Wherever the king moves, he moves. Along with Eroborn, was Legolas, his most trusted kin, and son, matter of fact. He was the Elven Prince of Mirkwood making him Thranduil's rightful heir. There was not much "evil" known to the Silvan kind because their lands were so sacred and blocked off from the rest of Middle-Earth. But there was a part of the lands which were marked off as 'forbidden' due to the evil spreading, which added to Thranduil's worry for his people. The one thing that Thranduil treasured most about Eroborn was the love he has for his family. His lovely wife, Ireth and his daughter, Aeroniel who was as pure as light, much of the Evenstar itself. Thranduil feared that Legolas will not find a lover or any sort of romantic interest that will bear him a son, another heir to the throne. Speaking of his problems to Eroborn, Eroborn thought of a maybe not possible, but logical solution. "Introduce Legolas to your daughter?" Thranduil looked at his friend with a puzzled look. "It is possible. Age is not a problem because the two are blessed with immortality, and she is strong enough to protect her people as well." Eroborn replied with a hopeful smile. Thranduil got up from his throne and paced around the semicircle of his court. "Aeroniel is worthy of her name… and she is truly of beauty, one that hold the pure light of the Evenstar." Thranduil nodded still pacing around his court. "But do you really expect my son to be with your daughter who has no royal blood running through her veins?" "Do not reject her because of the blood that runs in her veins, my lord, but accept her because she has so much to give to Legolas and your kingdom." Eroborn argued. "My daughter will not put shame to the Silvan elves or to your throne." Thranduil nodded in agreement and stopped in front of his friend. "You always have a way with your words Elessar. The hardest part of this deal, however is to make sure that the two actually want to be together however. I will not force an unrealistic love to my only son." He said slowly looking at Eroborn. "Have the two even met before?" "I believe not. Aeroneil does her own will, she is either tending to her mother's errands or practicing her bow skills in the training grounds." He responded tapping his chin. "Well we will arrange a meeting. If the two agree to be with each other, these worries will be lifted from my mind." Eroborn nodded and knelt on one knee. "I will not disappoint you Thranduil." He replied bowing to the King, before leaving his court. "Mother! I have finished all your errands you asked me to do today, Napolde and I are going to the training grounds! Don't wait on dinner for me." Aeroniel yelled, picking up her bow and arrows. "Be careful, and come back at a considerable time Aero." Ireth responded quietly. Aeroniel stepped into the sunlight and the beautiful beams strayed across her new bow her father gave to her. Her father said it was a gift from someone very special. She always wondered if it was her grandfather's or someone along their bloodline. She whistled a harmonious tune and within seconds a beautiful steed holding the coat of white galloped her way. "Ah, Lenwe…" She spoke softly, stroking the horse's mane. She climbed on its back and started to ride to the practice fields. Mirkwood was a beautiful place, filled with green lands and tall, ancient trees that spoke to you whenever looked upon. The grass was tall enough that when the wind would brush over top of them, the grass would dance. The air was pure and sweet and the sky was always clear and blue even when the land needed water and rain has come upon the lands. "Neile!" A familiar voice came out. She looked across the fields and with her keen elven eyes, she spotted her great friend, Napolde. "Hey Napolde!" She giggled as she galloped closer to Napolde. "You're late. As usual. Come on, let's get practicing, our training exam is coming up soon!" She rolled her eyes getting off her horse, who was name Balkistar, representing its sleek black coat. "A queen is never late, everyone is simply early." She snickered getting off Lenwe. She gave Napolde a gentle push, while the two laughed and headed toward the practice grounds. The two elves began shooting their regular routines, when Napolde soon got bored. She sighed and dropped her bow, which landed on the ground with a loud "thud". "C'mon Nana, just a few more shots and we'll be on our way home." Aeroniel said aiming straight at one of the practice targets, shooting it right on the bulls eye. "I'm not being impatient. I'm just rather bored." She responded playing with one of her braids. "Bored of what? This? How so?" "Everything is so still, it's unlife-like." Napolde looked at her friend getting up. "What do you mean, 'unlife-like'?" Aeroniel asked puzzled. "I want to shoot at real things! Like those great armies who serve under King Thranduil! Our goal is to be one of them, how else will we be able to shoot orcs, if we practice on these silly things?" She gestured towards the round targets. Aeroniel shook her head. "No Napolde. We do not shoot living things on our lands, unless it is not of our own and they show danger to our people. You know that." "I know that Neile, but come on, let us go venture out somewhere, let us-" Napolde looked at the forest and paused for a second. The look of adventure drove Aeroneil to look at where she was looking and her eyes widened in realization of what it was. "No. We are not going into the deep forest. That is the forbidden areas Napolde." Immediately shutting off the idea. "Why not? There must be some animals in there that do not seek good." She argued. "Because Nana, we have never been in there before, and it's not a good idea." Aeroneil said grabbing her friend by the shoulder. "We don't know what's going to be in there." "Seriously Neile? You're always worked up and you never have fun! I thought you wanted to be the best elven warrior there was then become the queen or Mirkwood's guardian that can protect her people. This is practice! It seems like such a good idea to me! You can practice on things that are more realistic, and it'll just make the test all the more easier if we practice on more advanced objects!" She persuaded. Aeroneil looked at her friend sincerely. She picked up her bow and arrows and looked at her once more. "I honestly have no idea what were about to do, but let's go. You better be right. These practice rounds aren't helping me either." She whispered something to both of the horses which sent them galloping their way back to the village. Napolde smiled at her friend, gathered her things and the two ran off into the forest. "My lord!" The young elven prince bursted into Thranduil's keeping. "One of our warriors said they saw two young elven women make their way to the deep forest-the forbidden areas. There has been sighting of those wretched spiders recently. More and more keep coming. What shall we do?" Thranduil turned around with Eroborn following him closely. "Take your strongest men and go. Save the women and return them safely to their homes." The prince nodded at his father bowing as he left. "And Legolas-" He turned and looked at his father. "Be safe." Legolas nodded at his father and made his way toward the gates. "We go north! To the deep forests." He shouted signaling his guards to follow. "This place is kind of creepy…" Aeroneil said trying to not step on anything that would ruin her shoes. Napolde was running in front of her amused by everything in the forest. "This part of the forest I have never set my eyes upon… it's beautiful…" "Hey don't leave with out me!" Aeroniel yelled running after Napolde. As she was running towards her friend, she heard a slight swoosh sound. She stopped immediately turning her head looking around for anything strange. "Napolde stop." She called out to her friend. Napolde turned around and looked at her annoyingly. "What is the problem? Nothing out here is SO dangerous Neile!" "Napolde…" Aeroniel whispered her eyes widening as she reached back feeling her arrows with the tip of her fingers. She slowly pulled one out, hitching it on her bow. "What?" Napolde slowly turned around and was greeted by a humongous black spider who was gleaming its sharp fangs at her. "GET OUT OF THE WAY!" Aeroniel shot the spider directly in between its eyes. Napolde leaped out of the way and grabbed a hold of one of her arrows and shot it at another spider that was appearing on Aeroneil's side. "These spiders are coming out of no where Neile!" "Where the hell did they come from?! MOVE!" She shot a triple arrow and let it fly at one of the spiders, leaped up on the tree and jumped down on top of its head, shooting an arrow straight at the center of its head causing the spider to fall immediately. "We have to get out of here before more co-" Napolde screamed as a spider out of nowhere pushed Aeroneil down. She reached for an arrow as quickly as she could as the spider crawled near to her when suddenly it stopped dead in it's tracks –literally dead in it's tracks. As the spider fell to