A/N: just a quick thing I did in the days before school started again gghhh. I might add to this actually. Its open for me to write multiple chapters but im not going to commit to it yet AU: Post Last Olympian . Kronos successfully returned, cast aside Luke and his measley Titan Army, and disappeared along with the rest of the gods. With CHB gone, and no godly authority, demigods wander aimlessley avoiding the reminence of the Army and roaming monsters. Its not a happy future . Warnings: Lukercy, slight dubcon but nothing explicit happens, T for safety. Not really spoilers cause its not canon? But read the books Disclaimer: if i owned percy jackson the whole story would be a lot darker let me tell ya review if you'd take the time! (: let me know if I should continue! •-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-• Times were rough. For everyone, mortal and half-blooded alike. An overwhelming percentage of humanity were unaware of how bad it really was, blissfully ignorant as they always remained. Struggling with a recently wrecked Manhattan, and dealing with the storms that passed through major cities so frequently now, everyone assumed this streak of misfortune would pass soon. Everyone who knew the extenses of the "misfortune" were plagued with invariant fear. They didn't know when or if this dark age would end. Percy Jackson hadn't saved Olympus. Kronos had returned, graduated from Luke's vessel, and after the war with the gods that had wrecked most of New York, had left without a trace. Along with the rest of the gods. They had ignored every question sent to them, every call for help. The only sign they were still there, was the constant clashing of the elements, only seen as storms in the motral's eyes. Perhaps the gods were fighting Kronos. Maybe they were disappointed in the fact that Kronos had been allowed to come back by their demigods- so disappointed, that they'd abandoned the human race entirely. Or it was possible Kronos was still out there, and they were hiding. No one could be sure of anything anymore. Camp Half Blood was wrecked and over with. Dionysus had disappeared, and Chiron was unable to keep the camp running by himself in such disorder. The demigods residing there had dispersed, but they had nowhere to go, for the most part. And they couldn't stay rooted for very long anyways. Constantly moving, on the run from monsters that now roamed unchecked, most demigods couldn't even attempt to see each other anymore. Much less travel together. It was too risky; too dangerous. It was everyone for themselves. Among the shrinking population of demigods, those who held hatred for the gods had taken temporary command, and were reigning judgement. They saw themselves as the winners of the great battle, seeing as the gods had vanished- they were victorious kings. Whoever was left of the Titan Army were looking for stragglers, demigods with nothing to live for, and turning them to their side; it was an impressively organized community of killers, plus horrifically tempting to join in such dark times. Some felt the recent abandonment, and had turned against the gods to band with the army. Those who didn't join avoided said half-bloods at all costs. Percy hadn't seen his friends in months. He couldn't go back to his mother and stepfather. They would be in danger. He couldn't see Annabeth, or Grover, or even Nico because it would end with everyone in danger. Percy would work a shitty job for a week tops, earning just enough money to get by before a monster turned up. Or someone recognizable as being in the Titan Army dropped by. Then he'd have to run again. He could fight, but that ran the risk of attracting even more monsters, or demigods, and wrecking the place he was currently at. He was constantly on edge, always alert. It was painful, and stressing, but it had worked so far. Though he was worn out. Exhausted. Wishing something would change for the better. It was because Percy was so tired that he was caught off guard one evening, on the way to a hotel to rent a room for a night. He was walking through a dark alley, unaware in his dazed state to notice a presence behind him. That was, until it spoke. And it didn't just talk, it knew his name. "Percy Jackson. I wasn't expecting to find you ." He stiffened. Percy knew that voice, the way the syllables were strung together in such a way... this was bad. He whipped around, hand grabbing for his hidden weapon in his pocket- he couldn't let him get the upper hand, this- The newcomer had his own blade at Percy's throat before the young demigod could even feel the pen in his pocket. Percy's back came into contact with the alley wall as he flinched up against it, turning his head to the side in alarm. "Don't-" "What a pleasant surprise." The assailant flicked his head, gesturing with his free hand. "Come on, hands. Can't have you gutting me, right?" He had to do it. Luke would no doubt kill him otherwise. Cooperating, Percy slowly drew his empty fingers from his pocket, flattening his hands against the cold brick behind him. All the while, his mind was reeling, grasping in desperation for a way out. Trying his best to remain calm, he slowed his breathing, working out some sort of escape plan. "What are the odds...you wouldn't believe how many people have been trying to find you. You disappeared off the face of the planet for a good couple months; quite impressive." "Y-yeah..." His gaze wavered over Luke's appearance. The older half-blood looked like he had taken care of himself; like this depression of missing gods hadn't been affecting him. It probably hadn't, knowing how organized he had gotten with his army after Kronos had left. His clothes were clean, he looked well fed and like he had slept well. Unlike Percy. He had involuntarily received the short end of the stick, scrounging to keep himself afloat. It couldn't end like this. He had to... push the blade out of the way, duck, grab for his sword while he was running... disappear into a crowded bar, that would work- "You're not getting the better of me. Might as well give up," Luke chuckled softly in the concealment of the alley, pressing the cool edge of his blade up against the soft underside of Percy's chin. "You're not getting away." "Like hell I'm not," the boy hissed, shifting what he could as not to nick himself on the sharp edge of the sword, standing on his toes. He suppressed a whimper, putting on a brave face to oppose his enemy. "You think you can kill me this easy?" "Oh, Percy ..." the name dripped, thick as syrup, from his lips. Drawn out, a delicacy only said on special occasions, only in special moments such as this. "You really think I'd kill you?" His words were sugarcoated poison, a drug. "Oh, you've got it all wrong ." "Somehow, I doubt that," Percy retorted, but still shivered at Luke's tone, casting his eyes up. There had to be something. Something he could do to get out of this mess. "Look at me, Perce..." He didn't, instead closed his eyes upon hearing his old pet name. "Don't call me that." "I don't think you're in the position to ask anything," Luke drawled on. "Come on, show me those eyes of yours." Percy felt a sudden sting on his cheek, flinching, but had the sense not to move. His eyes flew open, gasping at the sharp pain, but forced his hands to stay rooted to the wall despite the urge to touch the slice in his skin. " Much better." "O-ow..." "Oh, I'm sorry..." Luke watched a bead of red drip down the side of Percy's face, staining his appearance. He exercised his freedom of movement, unlike Percy had, licking his thumb and dragging it across the damaged skin. "My sword slipped." Percy was breathing harder now. He was losing it. He couldn't keep his brain focused on escaping, it was drifting, scrambled- "Calm down," came a whisper, in the form of hot breath in the shell his ear. "I'm not going to hurt you." Percy couldn't hold back a whimper this time. He turned his head to the side again, shutting his eyes against Luke's wish. Fingers feebly and unsuccessfully attempting to grasp at the rough brick. "Why are you so scared? It's just me. You can trust me." "No..." " Percy ..." It was that voice again. The sickly sweet, soft voice that was too perfect to ignore. "Don't you think it's better now? No gods?" "You almost died ," Percy choked. "It wasn't worth it! You know it wasn't!" Luke's expression changed drastically, from a cynical smirk to grim. That airy, false kindness was gone in a second. "I thought you'd be happy." "Why would- Luke, you can't be serious ," the victim tried, "Its chaos ! The camp's gone, no one's safe enough anymore, not even what's left of your army..." "But the gods aren't controlling you. You don't have that shit hanging over your head any longer." Luke's eyes narrowed, dangerous now. "Thank me for that. Come on, say it." "Listen to yourself!" Percy argued. "Kronos could have killed everyone including you-" "The whole Kronos plan got out of hand, yeah. But it's over now. I did the right thing," he scoffed. "It was best for everyone: the camp, the world. I thought you'd be more thankful," Luke sighed, gritting his teeth. "Can't you give me a little credit?" "Y-you don't get-" "Say, 'thank you, Luke. Thanks for everything'." his tone was unforgiving now. Percy bit his lip, weighing the options. He had none. "Thank you for getting rid of the gods." Percy used sarcasm, nonetheless flinching against the wall again, taking a breath. Shifted his feet, uncomfortably stiff. "Thanks a lot." Luke looked unimpressed. Pressing the blade just a little harder against such a vulnerable throat was enough to break Percy's defense. "Thank you, thank you you're right I was wrong , just-" "See? That wasn't so hard, now, was it?" And suddenly, that teasing smile was back, pulling at his scar. It seemed the son of Poseidon's luck was against him, to run into said half blood on a whim. Why, of all people, did Luke have to find him after all this time? Percy exhaled, his fire extinguished. He had nothing left. Luke had him, now, there was nothing he could do. "What do you even want from me?" Percy asked, exasperated. He shook his head what little he could, tired. Done. "Just get it over with." He was expecting another slice at his skin. Maybe a couple more minutes of taunting, verbal abuse and possibly dangling his life in front of his eyes. The demigod didn't expect such a quick answer. Luke dropped his sword from the other's neck, letting it clang against the pavement of the alley. On instinct Percy relaxed, taking deep and desperate breaths of relief, dropping his head. He was close to slumping down against the wall, reaching up to touch the cut on his cheek, when Luke pinned Percy's now free hands on either side of his head. The boy's skull thudded back against the brick, eyes snapping shut at the painful contact. "Such a pretty face..." The words barely audible, like a thought not meant to be spoken aloud. "Wh-" Luke took advantage of the confusion, leaning forward to kiss at the cut he'd made on Percy's face. Twice. Three times, urgent now, pressing his lips against soft skin as if to right his wrong. Tongue dipping out just barely, to clean the mess he had created, mouth opening slightly as he inched his way to the other's lips. "W-what are you..." Percy was losing his voice, and the