Chapter One: Here & There I remembered the day that my biological mother had me, she concealed me from the rest of the world like I was some dirty little secret. From the time I entered foster care at only hours old, I didn't know much of anything. As time went by, however, and I turned three, I knew that I had parents, plus an older sister, but we would never be a family. I was seized by social services when it came to light that my biological father could be abusing my older sister. I was four when my real mother found me—my real mother, my older sister, Beth—living in foster care. She took me in immediately and, on the day she married my real father, my adoption, along with my younger twin brothers, Luke and Frankie, went through. I was a part of a very large family, the Cullen family; upon my adoption, my name formally became Seraphina Alexandrine Cullen, but I'd always gone by Sarah. I was almost five when the adoption went through, and I accepted it as an early birthday present. Now, I was almost eighteen, and ready and waiting for my senior year to end. I attended Forks High School, just like my parents, and many aunts and uncles before me had. We lived with my mother's family, in an addition to the massive house, designed by my grandmother, Esme. My grandfather—Esme's husband—was the lead doctor at Forks General Hospital, while my aunts and uncles had a few odd jobs here and there. I had three aunts—Bella, now a bonafide child psychologist; Rosalie, now Carlisle's assistant and co-lead doctor at Forks General Hospital; and Alice, who now had a popular online fashion consulting firm. There were three uncles as well—Edward, Bella's husband, who was still trying to find something to occupy his time; Emmett, Rosalie's husband, who was now working as a personal trainer; and Jasper, who spent his days making complex artwork and selling it at lucrative prices. Life was pretty perfect, although there was one thing I didn't understand—my boyfriend, Embry, seemed totally committed to me, more so than most people our age. We'd been together for as long as I could remember, and I couldn't understand his protective nature towards me. I cared for him, of course, but not in the way society—or my family—expected me to. I must confess by the time I reached high school, when we started holding hands and kissing that I did my best to reciprocate, but I couldn't get those feelings of the fact that I lacked overwhelming love for him out of my mind. I spent many nights crying softly in my bedroom—I swear, other than Luke and Frankie, the rest of my family had crazy good hearing—because I couldn't love Embry. Luke and Frankie were at Forks High School with me, and had found girlfriends almost immediately, and they were all so happy, it made my eyes hurt to watch. Their girlfriends were Pauline, a girl obsessed with English history, and Bridgette, a girl who was the lead in every acting production Forks High School put on. All I cared about was getting good grades and getting as far away from Forks, and Embry, as possible. By the time I turned eighteen, I would be all graduated and, hopefully, my hard work would've paid off. Graduation finally came and all I could think about was my first opportunity to run. I'd gotten into several colleges—my parents' alma mater Oxford University among them—and had decided to attend Yale Law School. I'd realized my dream, at just shy of eighteen years old, to become a lawyer, and crossed my fingers that my family would support me in my dream. Although, at this point, my dream would be to escape Embry's constant stalking behavior... I'd had a few friends during high school—Clara Matthews and Jackie Barrows among the closest ones—and when Jackie decided that we should be wild and crazy after graduation happened, I didn't move to stop her. Thankfully, Embry gave me enough space to get into Clara's car after the ceremony, and we drove off along the highway; the plan was to get dinner in Port Angeles and then go to a late movie—I know, kind of common-place, but we were getting out of Forks, so it worked. Even though it was early June, rain came down, hard, and I wondered if it was some kind of bad omen. The clouds seemed to thicken as we went along the highway, and I crossed my fingers that Clara's tires would hold up. When the rain cleared, Clara put her convertible top down and, since we were the only ones by the road, we threw up our hands every now and then and screamed with joy—them for graduating, me for escaping Embry. I found myself utterly at peace, and I was free, at last. "I'm moving to the East Coast," I confided in them. "For what?" Jackie asked. "Yale," I reply. "I got in! I'm going to be a lawyer!" "Hell yeah!" Clara shouted from behind the wheel. "I'm going to UCLA! I'm going to be a screenwriter!" "Harvard!" Jackie called out, turning around to look at me, her face shining with pure excitement. "We'll be neighbors!" "You going to live in the dorms?" I asked. Jackie nodded. "Yeah." I lean forward slightly. "My grandfather got me a place in Webster—all paid for, right on the water, a total party house! It has five bedrooms or something... Want to come and live with me?" I ask. Jackie's eyes widen. "Are you kidding?" I shake my head. "No, I'm not kidding." Jackie squeals, turning around in the passenger seat and throwing her arms around me in a moment of pure joy. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" she cries. "This'll really help my parents a lot with my living expenses..." I grin at her. "No problem." College passed by in a blur. All I cared about was getting my degree and staying away as long as possible—because of Embry. When I turned eighteen, nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one, I didn't notice. I made my way through college life quickly and quietly, not dating anyone or going to any parties. Jackie was a good roommate in that she didn't bother me when I was trying to study, as Clara would have done. We were both done with our degrees in three and a half years as planned and returned to Forks that summer, on schedule. We decided to do the same thing we did upon high school graduation—take in dinner and a movie in Port Angeles. As we drove, Jackie urged me to be in her selfie, which I begrudgingly agreed to. "Let me in there!" Clara shouts, and let's go of the steering wheel as the rain kicks up again, and we slide headlong into a tree off the road. "Clara!" I scream. "Road!" The car immediately bursts into flames; Clara and Jackie are dead on impact; I feel my scream leaving my body as I lower my eyes. The tree has gone through the car and has impaled me, and I am pinned against the seat. Blood is everywhere, and I raise my eyes upwards, to the sky, and find myself drifting above my body. The tremors I felt as soon as the car hit slow down, and I find myself looking down at the accident. I float up, over the trees, and back towards Forks, where I fly over my house and see my whole family—well, my parents, grandfather, and a few others—stream out of the house. They get into their cars and seem to floor it, and they all drive way over the speed limit. I can't think what's happening, and suddenly they're all pulling out onto the highway, driving like there's no tomorrow. I slowly drift along, following them, and then I suddenly zoom back into my own body as they all arrive at the scene. "Baby!" my mother shouts, and she's over at the car in an instant. She cradles my face, her golden eyes full of sadness and fear, her raven locks cascading down around her face. She turns to my grandfather then, shouting, "Carlisle!" as he stampedes to my other side to get a good look at me. "She's impaled pretty good," Carlisle says, reaching down and prying open my eyes just a little bit further, shining a light into them. "Sarah? Sarah? Can you hear me?" "C...Carlisle," I barely manage to get out; I barely heard myself, but my grandfather seemed to hear me perfectly well. "Beth, you have a decision to make," Carlisle says quickly, raising his eyes to my mother, his voice firm. "If I take the tree limb out now, she'll likely bleed out before I can get her to the hospital or the house..." "What's the alternative?!" my mother sputters, choking back sobs. "Honey," my father says, putting an arm around my mother. "It's okay..." " Don't tell me 'it's okay'!" my mother shouts, slamming her fist into the side of the car. "That's my little girl down there!" She grips the side of the car, locking eyes with Carlisle. "If you were to change her..." "Babe..." My father tries again. Carlisle sighs. "Is that what you want for her?" My mother nods. "I want her around forever—she would've gotten this choice eventually, Carlisle, you know that..." My grandfather nods. "I know..." He sighs, looking up at her. "I'm right here, but..." "What?" my mother asks. "How would you feel about changing her? I know it's a scary thought, but Beth, I know you have it in you..." My mother looks down at me then, and I can see through her eyes that she is absorbing my own pain and suffering. She lifts my arm that is closest to her, and sighs, an unnecessary move on her part—she never seemed to breathe—and lifts my arm towards her lips. "I love you, so, so much, baby," she whispers, dipping her head towards my flesh. I find I have enough strength to let out a scream as she bares her teeth and bites roughly into my arm. I watch as her eyes widen for a brief moment before letting me go, using her tongue to seal the wound she made shut. She then dashes to the other side of the car, doing the same thing to my other arm, and I let out another scream. Leaning down, she pushes my hair back, exposing my neck, and gives me a third and final bite upon it. I feel something tearing away from me then as my father and Carlisle pull the tree limb out from inside of me, and my mother lifts me effortlessly and carries me to the car. We all climb in, and I see that, for the first time, Rosalie, Bella, Edward, and Emmett are there, too. Carlisle drives like a madman, and soon we've left the highway entirely and zip through town before arriving at the house. I'm lifted from the back seat of the car and up the pathway, up into the house. I can feel my vision fading as we pass my grandmother, Esme, along with Alice and Jasper in the living room. I remember then that Luke and Frankie, now upperclassmen as juniors, were at some lame party that evening, and would not be around to see this. I am put down on Carlisle's exam table, whereupon I am laid out much like a corpse would be. Carlisle manages to cut off the dress I'd been wearing, looking away when my mother takes off my bra and underwear, and my father drapes a sheet over me. Carlisle then cleans my wounds ever so slightly, before telling my parents that the time to wait has arrived. I watch as he gives me an injection, and my eyelids grow heavy, and it is then that complete blackness surrounds me. My next recollection is of