I watched as my best friend, Madison Hora, readied herself for our first solo trip together. Madison and I have known each other since preschool, although we did not become particularly close until eighth grade, due to the fact that we'd been separated since the age of four. At thirteen, I considered her my best friend, and, though we went to different high schools, she was never too far from my mind. We were born and raised in Seattle, which is, for those of you who don't know, one of the larger cities of Washington State. Madison had a family that consisted of two parents who were inexplicably still together, and two younger brothers. We only lived a few blocks away from one another, which had proved to be helpful since we liked to hang out a lot. My family was a scattered and mixed one. Three fourths—so technically seventy-five percent—of my grandparents were deceased. The only one still living, my maternal grandfather, was originally from New York, and was very proud of his Italian roots. He lived in California with his second wife, a kind enough sort of woman, I suppose. My parents had divorced when I was five after a two year separation, and I had a younger brother myself, so Madison, who I called "Maddie", and I would constantly complain about how easy they seemed to have it. Maddie shoved a raincoat into her large suitcase. She pursed her lips, almost as if she was wondering how she was supposed to get it closed. Wordlessly, I crossed the room and sat on it. She shot me a grin and managed to close it without much difficulty. She then enlisted me to assist her in picking up her two suitcases, of which I took one, and her easel, as she picked up her expensive set of paints. "You really think you'll have time to paint?" I asked as we left her bedroom and walked down the hallway. "We're supposed to be sight-seeing and getting away from it all." Maddie rolled her eyes as we shouted goodbyes to her parents and walked outside to my car. It was a beat-up Volvo station wagon, which I only got under the condition that I would help with the monthly payments. I took the keys from my pocket and unlocked the trunk so as we could put her suitcases and easel into it. Maddie would put her paints in a buckled seat in the back seat, because they were so precious to her. "You're bringing your laptop," she shot back as she slammed the trunk shut and circled around my car. I shrugged. "So? My internet on my phone might run out, and I'll need to check my email…" Maddie nodded sarcastically and buckled her paint set into the back seat. "I know you know that I know you better than that, Sophie Pickford," she said in a mock-scolding tone as she shut the back seats' door. She walked the foot or so to the front passenger door and opened it and climbed in with me. She was about to put her feet up on the dashboard, but I smacked her knees lightly with an open palm. "Don't scuff it up," I told her, sticking my key into the ignition and starting up the car. I gave the car some gas as we pulled out of the driveway of Maddie's house and cruised down the street. "I'm just glad that we won't run into one of the four rush hours," I said conversationally as we drove out onto the main street and headed east, to the freeway. "Four rush hours?" my friend asks, obviously confused. "I only know of one around here—the after-work traffic between 5:00 and 7:00." I shook my head as we stopped at a traffic light on Greenwood Avenue. I could see the now-defunct Greenwood Academy of Hair, the now-defunct antique shop called Antika, the Chase Bank which couldn't seem to make up its mind to be closed or open, and some gelato place that I couldn't remember the name of. "There's school and before-work traffic from 7:00 until 9:00," I said softly, pulling into the intersection as the light turned green. Maddie blinked. "Well…yeah, I suppose so." "And then there's after-school traffic where there's no room for anything on the road except for a damned yellow school bus," I said through my teeth as we headed downhill, toward Aurora Avenue. "That's like…between 2:00 and 4:00, right, Sophie?" I nodded as we pulled to a stop at the Aurora Avenue traffic light. "Yes," I replied, drumming my hands impatiently on the steering wheel. My car clock read 2:17 p.m., which meant that we had less than an hour to make it to Edmonds for the Kingston ferry. "And then the last one would be, of course, the 5:00 to 7:00 one." Maddie nodded. "The lights' green," she said softly. "Thank you." I pulled into the intersection and drove down the street, passing Daniel Bagley Elementary School, a branch of State Farm Insurance, and Sunnyside Avenue. We also passed by Bishop Blanchet High School, just before heading onto a bridge, and a stereotypical green sign with rusty-looking white letters met our eyes that read Banner Way. We made a left, onto the freeway proper, and passed by three cars that did not have the luxury of using the carpool lane. We passed by a sign for my school, North Seattle Community College—yes, community, it's cheaper—and the Northgate Mall. Maddie looked wistfully at the mall and smiled to herself. "Seven months," she said. I blinked, trying to focus on staying within fifty-eight and sixty-three miles per hour. "What?" I asked. She smiled, slightly impatiently. "It's June now, you know. That means seven more months until we go there to do Christmas shopping." "Oh, uh, right," I said, nodding. We continued in silence for a few moments, passing by Seattle completely, as well as Shoreline. We saw a neon-looking sign lit up with orange lights, advertising the distance, given any traffic, of Lynnwood and Edmonds, in relation to where we were. Lynnwood said eight minutes; Edmonds, twelve. "I don't think we've ever been to Lynnwood together," Maddie said softly as we continued north. I shook my head. "No, you're right there," I said. "Shoreline, either, I don't think," I went on. "Interbay, though…" Maddie chuckled and nodded. "Yes, I remember." "Poor Fletcher, thinking that he was stuck in West Seattle," I said, an image of Maddie's youngest brother coming to me. "He's such a love. But, of course, you know that." "I know that," she said as we neared the Edmonds exit. We drove off the freeway and onto the curved exit for Edmonds and went towards an underpass and drove underneath it. A traffic light was ahead, but it turned green, allowing us to pass by a golf course. We continued driving and I decided to turn on the radio. Maddie had brought along her iPod and asked if she could plug it in. Knowing that she probably had more familiar tastes in music than some random radio station, I allowed her to do so. I waited as she cued up a song, and soon her latest obsession, Royals by Lorde, played on my speakers. We passed a PCC Natural Market, and came to a stop by a traffic light. We could clearly see where the ferry line was to start, and as soon as the light changed, I continued in that direction. We drove and drove down a slight incline and continued on, passing many big, beautiful, green trees. We passed by signs for schools, churches, and other things, until we arrived at the ferry dock, with half an hour to spare. We got in line and were the third car. The green check point gleamed in the slight afternoon sun that crept through the clouds, though the day was maybe around seventy degrees. When it was our turn, we handed the kindly-looking woman our I.D.'s and she took them. I handed her my credit card, despite Maddie's objections, and paid our way. She handed back the cards, as well as the ferry ticket, and told us to go into the second lane. We got out of the car as soon as it was parked and decided to walk around for a little while. I could feel my back popping slightly as I managed to stretch out my frame, and I could not even begin to tell you how good it felt to feel limp for half a second. We walked over to a little French café and stepped inside and walked up to the counter. We ordered two croissants stuffed with cheese and cups of tea. We sat on the little veranda outside and took in the salty sea air. Maddie would rush to get to her feet so as she could take pictures with her phone of various ships that sailed by on the water. She would gasp and then shake her head, wanting nothing more than to have a go at the boats' wheel. I rolled my eyes in a good natured sort of way and added too many spoonful's of sugar to my delicate cup of tea. I sipped it slowly, burning my lips for a moment, but sucked through my teeth to keep from making any sound of pain. I take a bite of my croissant and shut my eyes in a wave of pleasure as the perfect blend of flaky croissant and creamy, stringy cheese makes contact with my taste buds. "Okay, now that is a picture!" My eyes fly open and see Maddie staring at me, phone pointed directly at my face. "Don't you dare," I say through gritted teeth. Maddie's lovely face breaks into a grin and she throws her head back with a sudden burst of laughter. "I won't," she promises. I turn my head to look at the beautiful shade of water on the overcast, but warm, afternoon. I see then that the ferry is about a quarter of the way from the dock, and hastily turn to throw my croissant into its bag and urge a perplexed-looking Maddie to do the same as I gulp down my tea. With our baked good in their respective bags, we hastily cram napkins into the pockets of our sweaters and rush back into the bakery. We go through the sweet and gourmet-smelling establishment before leaving out the front door and down the steps towards where my car is parked. We make it back to the car just in time. I get behind the wheel and Maddie gets into the passenger door, quickly checking that her paints haven't been stolen as I start up the car. I push down on the gas and wait for the signal from the person in charge of directing us onto the boat. When the eye contact and the wave of consent are given, I nod back and press the gas and make a sharp turn to the left. We pass by a bar and another place to eat, and several people that are simply onlookers. The name of the ferry, the Yakima, greets us with its gold lettering as we drive onto the boat. We are thankfully given the center section on the main deck, and only two cars behind the front. I shut off the car and pull the keys from the ignition and turn to Maddie. She suggests we finish eating our croissants before adjourning to the eating quarters—or, the galley area—of the boat for some ice cream. I accept her offer, eager to return to my gourmet pastry while it's still warm. We chew our croissants quietly, and then go upstairs. We go to the bathroom and wash the bit of grease and pastry crumbs that remained on our fingers before drying our hands on the dark blue, attachable towel. It annoys me to think that someone would ever want a disgusting thing like