Chapter One: Dust in the Wind Forks—what an abysmal name for such a small town. If it had been up to me, I would never have forced myself to come here, but it was not up to me. Well, correction, it was; wholly. I knew that given my mother's new boyfriends' job as a B-movie actor, that she would want to go around travelling with him. He was nice enough, Andy was—he and my mother had all but signed the paperwork to become domestic partners, but that's difficult when you don't have a permanent address. My father was a fireman in Forks—the chief, if you wanted to get technical about it—and had lived there with my mom before we ran off when I was barely two. They'd never married; they'd gotten engaged when she got pregnant with me, but it all came crashing down when it was revealed that she suffered from post-partem depression. It momentarily turned into psychosis, and she nearly drowned me once in the bathtub when she hadn't seen a way out from living in a small town with my father. One day, just one and a half months after my second birthday—when Dad was off fighting fires—my mother, who had been in therapy for the past year and had gotten some 'halfway-decent' medication, had packed our bags and drove. She had some family money, and put down a deposit on an apartment in Sherman Oaks, California—just forty-five minutes north of Los Angeles—and we drove all the way down there. Dad was miserable but, since it was only the 1990's, cell phones weren't as common-place as they were today and my mother didn't give him our telephone number. With no forwarding address, and just a handful of cryptic letters she sent him for a few years after that, Dad didn't know what had become of us. The heat didn't do anything for my skin—in fact, I was perpetually pale from the get-go. It wasn't until the summer of 2006 that I knew that I needed a change. Despite my begs and pleas to get out of there, I would never admit to liking Forks—at least, not directly towards my mother. I complained to the few friends I'd made who, even though I'd gone to elementary and half of middle school with them, they'd hadn't fully accepted me. I was just the weird girl from a small town in Washington State who wasn't tan and blonde. My eyes were violet and my hair was black, and—with my skin tone—I looked like some rip-off of Elizabeth Taylor, and not an attractive one. Probably why my mother gave me the name she did; she and Dad had picked 'Richard' for a boy and 'Elizabeth' for a girl—hey, they had a thing for old Hollywood stars, and Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor topped their lists, followed by Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh for a close second. When I presented myself at the tail end of July in 1994, I was named Elizabeth Vivien Partridge, although my father's parents were not fond of my choice of middle name—my grandmother, Olga, wanted me to be named somewhat after her, and don't get me started on the fact that they wanted my parents to be married. I barely knew either of them, however, as they'd passed away when I was living in California. I always had a passion for hiking and would do so around my many trails on my own starting from about fourteen. The areas were beautiful—if you liked a pallet of red and brown—and I found it was such a horrid pallet that I frequently would put my shades on and just run through it. Finally, Mom met Andy and was spending all her time with him, and, one summer—the summer I turned fifteen—when Mom said that she missed him as he was in Milan shooting, a plan began to formulate in my mind. I sat on this plan for another year and a half, waiting for just the right moment. When I was about to begin my senior year of high school, however, just months before my seventeenth birthday, I knew that it was time to act. "Mom, do you miss Andy?" I asked her casually as I proceeded to put some dishes on to wash inside our dishwasher. "Yes," she replied wistfully. "He's in Paris now, and soon he'll be in Tuscany to wrap up his shoot on this latest monster movie..." I nodded, sympathetic. Although I'd never been involved with any boy of merit, I often wondered what it would be like to be so consumed with love. "Well, then, why don't you surprise him?" "Honey, and leave you?" she asked, pushing her newspaper aside and kissing my cheek. "I couldn't do that..." "Mom?" "Yeah, honey?" I sighed then, knowing it was time to tell the truth. "I don't hate Forks as much as you originally believed," I said quickly. "I love it... The name is kind of stupid once you think about it, but I want..." I sighed, knowing how to work this. "I want you to go and travel around with Andy on his shoots. I know he wants you there, and I've been talking to Dad and I think I should go live with him so you can go be with Andy." Her mouth fell open. "Elizabeth, I..." "You only call me that when you're upset," I say quickly. "You know I can't stand the formality of that name." "S-sorry, Beth, really," she says quickly. "But, are you sure?" I nod. "Yes. I know that you miss Andy and I think we should be where we both need to be, you know?" I ask. She nods. "Of course. If you're positive..." "I am. Really." "I'll make the arrangements, then," she promises. Within weeks of me completing my sophomore year of high school, I have a new fall and winter wardrobe, as well as a plane ticket booked for Seattle, since it is one of the closer airports. I must take a smaller plane from SeaTac to Port Angeles, which is the closest, due to Forks' airport being too small to accommodate such a trip. I have my bags—and my room—packed the night before, and I have everything packed except my big furniture, including my computer desk and bed frame, which must be left behind. Mom drives me to the airport, telling me repeatedly to keep in touch with her, and I promise to do so. She is flying out to Tuscany the following day, so I urge her to get some sleep between now and then and she assures me that she will. I give her a look—my mother is only thirty-six but looks much younger, and her given name Rosemary Helena Reece has always been perfect for her, to say the least. She is with me to check-in, and says goodbye to me at security, kissing me repeatedly and telling me how much she loves me. She waves me off as I go through the line, and, quite soon, it is my turn to be seen; with one final wave, she disappears into the crowd of other well-wishers. I hand over my Driver's License—knowing Dad will want me to get a Washington State issued one as soon as possible—and boarding pass. It is immediately stamped after a moment of scrutiny, and I'm permitted to walk through the metal detector and put my shoes back on. Quickly gathering my carry-on items in its bag—some snacks for the plane, a few books, my phone and a pair of headphones to listen to music—I check my boarding pass again as I slip the bag onto my shoulder. The gate I'm looking for is G6, and I soon find the proper direction for it as I make my way through the crowds of people. I have a while to wait before boarding so I make my way to a coffee kiosk and order a sugary blended drink to keep my energy up, as I peer around the place. Finding a space by the window, I thumb through my bag and remove Pride and Prejudice , my favorite of all Austen stories, my worn paperback nearly threadbare from getting it as a gift on my eleventh birthday, along with every other Austen book. "Great reading," says a voice like bells and, as I raise my eyes, make eye contact with a rather striking young couple. "I like Austen, too, but my favorite is Wuthering Heights . I hope you've read that one." I nod. "Yes. One of my favorites since I was twelve." The woman smiles and sits beside me. "Bella," she says, putting out her hand. "Edward, the husband," says the man beside her jokingly. I put out my hand. "Beth," I tell them. "Which part are you at?" Bella wants to know. "The Netherfield Park ball," I reply. "A classic scene," Edward says admiringly. "Where are you going?" Bella questions politely. "Ultimately, Forks," I say softly. "You've probably never heard of it—one of the smallest places on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington State." "We've heard of it," Edward tells me. "Why are you going there?" Bella wants to know. "My father, I'm moving in with him," I tell her. "My mother's boyfriend is this actor and he's shooting in Tuscany of all places. I told my mom to stop feeling the need to stay with me and to go off and be with him. So, here I am, in LAX, waiting for my flight to Seattle, so that I can get to Forks, Washington." "What does your father do there?" Bella asks. "He's the fire chief," I reply. Bella raises her perfect eyebrows. "No way! My father is Charlie, the police chief. As luck would have it, they're quite close. I know there's the old stereotype of firemen and police officers being at odds with one another, but that isn't the case. They've known each other for years. In fact, he's my father's closest friend in Forks." "Seriously?" I ask, shocked. She nods. "Yes. Chief Christopher Partridge. My in-laws and I know him well." "Quite well," Edward puts in. Seeing that I'm still skeptical, Bella pulls out her Driver's License. "We're law families, after all," she tells me, handing it over. On it is printed ISABELLA M. CULLEN, and I assume she's taken Edward's name, due to the police chief's surname being Swan. "What does the 'M' stand for?" I ask, curious, as I quickly skim through the rest of her information as I hand it back to her. "Marie," Edward answers for her. "We could give you a ride to town, if you want," Bella says politely. "Edward kept his car at SeaTac." "Mind if I call my dad first?" I ask her. She smiles. "Not at all." I take out my phone and call my father's number. "Dad?" I ask him. "Hey, kiddo," he says. "At the airport yet?" "Yes, and I ran into some friends of yours..." "Who?" "Chief Swan's daughter," I say. "Oh! Bella Cullen," Dad says, and I detect happiness in his tone. "She must be there with her husband, Edward. Their daughter around?" "Daughter?" I ask, my eyes flying to them—they couldn't be more than my age. That, or they'd had some work done. "Our daughter, Renesmee," Bella tells me. "She's back in Forks," Edward explains. I relay the information to Dad. "They seem nice." "They are nice," he replies. "Listen, they've offered to drive me to Forks, if that's all right..." "No problem," Dad says, and I hear a bell go off. "Oh, dear. Big fire in the center of town. I should jet. Tell them thank you. Love you, kid!" he says. "Love you, too, Dad," I reply, hanging up. "He says it's fine." "Good," Bella says. Her hand slips into her bag and she hands me something—a plane ticket of all things. "You've been upgraded to first class." "Isn't that...wrong?" I ask her. "Who's going to tell?" Edward