Chapter One: Who I Am I suppose any story really should begin, aptly, at the beginning. I was born to Charlie Swan, the Chief of Police in a little town called Forks, Washington, and to his second wife, Sue Uley. My father had gotten married, for the first time, in his twenties to a young woman named Renée, and the pair of them had a daughter named Bella, my paternal half-sister. My mother had gotten married to Harry Clearwater and with him had Leah and Seth, my maternal sister and brother respectively. My sister Leah kept a close eye on me as soon as I was born. Both my parents were in their mid-forties at my birth, so I had turned out to be a happy accident. My mother was a little frail when I was born, eight weeks before her due date, in the winter of 2015, just a month before Christmas. I soon turned out to be a happy and healthy baby. Even my brother Seth liked me, although he would have preferred a younger brother who would look up to him. I looked up to him anyway, physically at least, and I stopped growing when I reached the height of five feet five inches during my first year of high school. I had been sent to an exclusive boarding school in England due to my high grades and had been absent from Forks since the age of ten. I was given a laptop to Skype my family during these appalling periods of absence but somehow we made due. I was fifteen the summer after my first year of high school ended, and I decided that enough was enough. I flew home that summer and put my foot down, and now I just have to figure out what I'm going to say. "I'm not going back!" I said for the sixteenth time that afternoon. "I miss you all so much..." "Sweetheart," my mother says calmly, gently pushing the black hair I'd inherited from her out of my face. "I know you miss us. We all miss you, too, but we don't always get what we want, love." I felt very angry. I could not believe it; they seriously did not understand. I felt sick for the millionth time that year, feeling hot all over. I backed away from her, but she wouldn't leave me alone. She even tried to braid my hair like she used to when I was little, but all I wanted was some space. She didn't understand anything, least of all her teenage daughter… "Mom," I tried to say, but it came out like a roar which quickly erupted through me, and suddenly I fell to my knees, my clothes ripping from my body, and suddenly I had paws. "Alex!" cried my mother, backing away, her eyes full of fear. She managed to run to the front door and threw it open, and I darted outside. Suddenly I had voices in my head that were not my own, and I couldn't think straight at all! I desperately needed to get out of there, I thought, keeping to the trail of the woods behind my father's house. I kept running, not getting tired, when a small gray wolf crossed my path. I naturally screamed, and what sounded like a desperate howl filled my ears. "Alex, calm down!" I heard Leah say in my mind. I blinked. Leah was a wolf! I could not believe it. "I'm scared!" I thought back to her. Leah sighed. "I know," she replied in an understanding tone of voice. "I managed to call the other's off. I explained to them that because you and I are the only girl werewolves ever, that you should have some time to get used to all of this." "Werewolf?!" I demanded. I looked down at myself for the first time. I saw great mounds of pure white fur, and I felt myself shaking my head in pure and complete disbelief. "Yes, you're a werewolf," Leah said in a calm voice. "And you really did a number on Mom's emotional state back there..." "How did I become this way?" I whispered to her. "You phased," Leah said simply. "Lemme guess, Mom said no to something you really wanted, right?" "Yes..." Leah sighed. "Well, the Cullen's are entertaining two of Jasper's old friends, Peter and Charlotte. Their presence not so far away must have set you off. It's okay, though. We're all here to help you." Many wolves stepped out from the trees around us then. There were two who stood together, a mighty black one and a reserved-looking reddish-brown one. I blinked, trying to pick out who was who. "Welcome to the wolf pack, Alex Swan," said Sam's voice, which came from the black wolf. "Try not to be too formal with her, Sam," said Jacob's voice. "She is my aunt, after all." "Half-aunt, by marriage," said a pale brown wolf, and I was shocked to hear Seth's voice, and apparently my face showed it. "It's sort of a family thing, Alex," Seth explained to me as a means of explanation, although I seriously thought I'd need some severe therapy after this... There was a chuckle then and I turned quickly to see where it had come from. It came from a gray wolf riddled with black spots and other various black markings and patterns. He looked at me full on then, and it was then that I considered if wolves could faint. "I don't know," replied the wolf in Embry's voice. Ah, yes. Embry. Embry was one of Jacob's best friends, who sort of hung out with Seth, now that Jacob was more than a little preoccupied with his wife, Renesmee. I nodded and did my best to appear nonchalant. "Leah, how do I...?" I stopped, thinking quickly. "I've got to go back home. Apologize..." "Ah, yes," she said. She gave all the other boys looks before they made excuses about having to get home for dinner and sped away. Seth said that he'd meet us back at the house and Leah and I walked slowly to a clearing where she quickly phased back into her human form. "Concentrate," she said, nodding at me as she retrieved clothes from a hollow tree. I nodded. I shut my eyes and felt something like a fur coat slip away and suddenly I felt as if I should be freezing but oddly was not. The sensation of Leah thrusting something in my hands made me look up at her. "Put these on," she said, averting her eyes as I quickly stepped into the shorts and pulled the T-shirt over my head. "I don't want to see those boobs or that booty of yours..." "Why?" I asked stupidly as I followed her home. Leah sighed. "Because when I'm in my wolf form I could do something stupid like remembering you naked and we know we don't want any of the boys to see you that way." I blushed. "Maybe one of them..." Leah stopped walking and turned around to face me. "What?" I sighed. "Leah, come on. You know me almost as good as anyone. You know that I've liked Embry...a lot...more than any other boy…for as long as I can remember..." She sighed. "You're very young..." "I'm sixteen in five months," I replied defensively. "I am allowed to like a boy." She shook her head and dragged me the rest of the way home. Mom was in the kitchen making chicken and potatoes while Seth was perched on a chair at the kitchen island. He had his hand in the bamboo-woven fruit bowl, which was a normal occurrence, while his other hand contained a half-eaten apple, which he chewed as he chattered away to our mother. "She's amazing, Mom!" he cried. When he heard us come in, he turned and looked me up and down. "Wow!" he said. "And you said you were five feet five..." I blinked. I knew that I'd grown a bit over the past year, but I didn't know how much until Leah and I stood side by side. My older sister was around five feet ten and, now that I stood beside her, I noticed that I was around the same height as she was. Our mother turned and smiled at us all, and then sighed. "I've called Woldingham School," she said, naming my school. "I informed them that you've decided to have your remaining high school years here, in Forks with your family. You will attend Forks High School like your sister Bella did." "Okay," I said. The front door came open then and we all turned to see my dad. He did a double take when he saw me, and Mom took Leah and Seth into another room while I sighed. I knew this had to be talked about, but I knew it would have been nice for some fellow-werewolf support in a situation like this... "Hi, Dad!" I chirped, going up to him and throwing my arms around him in what seemed to be appropriate daughter behavior. "Alexandra," he said formally, and I was taken aback by this. He always called my sister "Bella" or "Bells", despite the fact that she was well into her twenties… "How's everything?" "Dad, just Alex, you know that." Lexi had been my nickname up until I'd gone to boarding school, and I had phased it out by the time I was about twelve or thirteen. Ha-ha, phased … "Yeah," he replies, setting down some of his things. "Your mom making that chicken of hers?" "Yes, Dad…" "Quickly becoming a favorite meal of mine," he goes on. "Dad... Remember when Jacob talked about changes?" He nodded, stiffening slightly at the memory that I was now privy to, which made me wonder if we werewolf's had something FCC related in our innermost thoughts about one another. As a cop, my dad was used to strange occurrences, but I didn't want him to have a heart attack or anything, like Seth and Leah's dad... "Yes," he said. I sighed. "Dad, I have to show you something…something you should know," I begin slowly. I had previously managed to clear a space in the living room yet I made a vow to pay Leah back for her clothes as I felt a low growl erupt from me and I was then a white wolf in front of my father, who naturally turned the same color that I did and backed into a chair. My mother came walking out and I immediately lay down to show her that I wouldn't harm anyone. She stroked me behind my ears and then went to sit with my father. She spoke to him calmly while I went into the bathroom and phased back into my human form. I grabbed Leah's robe on the back of the door and came out. "Dad...I'm sorry..." "Don't," he said. "Go to your room. I can't see you right now." "Dad, I—" My mother fixed me with a look. "Alex, go on. Your father just needs some time right now…" I sigh, but nod at that. I went upstairs and put on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt, all the while trying and failing to hold back my sudden onset of tears. I stopped dressing myself then and tore off my clothes before jumping through my window naked, phasing immediately. I ran and ran all the way to my sister Bella's cottage, and yowled mournfully at the door. Edward opened it and looked surprised at my appearance. "Wow, have we met before?" he asked. "What is it?" Bella asked, coming to stand beside him. She blinked in shock at the chocolate brown eyes, which had been hers in human form, and immediately told Edward to excuse us. I knew he knew it was me then, and he gave me a smile before walking up to the big house. "Can you phase back?" she asked patiently, and once