A/N: So I'm back with a new one. Paul is my favorite character to write. He's unfettered. I wish I were more like him. I can't promise how often I'll post. MarinaNamaste is my beta and friend. Words can't express... Bella slammed the ancient phone back into the receiver. It was the hundredth message she'd left with Billy who, she knew, was lying to her. There's no way Jake had been unavailable for two straight weeks. Even if he had mono, he could have called her back when his fever broke or finally hauled his sorry ass out of bed to take a leak. At first she felt badly for the way she handled things at the movies. She thought she'd hurt his feelings when she'd turned down yet another advance. At first she thought he needed a little bit of time and then he'd call her back if she kept trying. But two weeks was too much. His silence was making his message quite clear—he was done waiting for Bella to be ready for something more. Bella thought his silence proved that there was another person to tire of her presence. Another in a long line of people throughout Bella's entire life. Fuck him. Fuck them all. Bella surprised herself by her own thoughts. She generally didn't use crass and naughty language—mental or verbal. Maybe that was part of the problem. Maybe people found her too bland. Maybe she needed to add some spice to her personality. Some flavor. And it kind of felt good to her, to let out some of the steam of all that boiled inside her. She'd kept the lid on that cauldron sealed tight. "Fuck you, Jacob Black!" she tried aloud. She felt the pressure drop infinitesimally. Because Jake had promised he'd wait for her. He'd told her that she was perfect just the way she was, even if that made her like a broken down car that'd never run right. And then he didn't talk to her for two weeks? Fuck that! Bella thought. Jake had some serious explaining to do. Bella turned on her heel, grabbed her keys, and was out the door before she thought to change clothes or grab a jacket. Half way to La Push, Bella shivered as she looked at the ancient heat dial; it took forever to warm up. Her short sleep shorts showed off her pale, white legs, and her shoulders were puckered with goosebumps as she reached to turn up the heat of her antique truck. She slid the spaghetti strap back up her shoulder while she thanked Taha Aki she'd left a pair of her converse in the truck. Her orange beast roared down the 110 as she pushed her speed faster than she ever had. She was pissed. She wanted to yell and scream at him. It'd been a long time since she felt anything. Now that emotion was registering after months and months of nothing, she wanted to release it. She was formulating the speech out loud in the cab of her truck. "How dare you, Jacob Black! How dare you promise me something and pull the carpet out from under me not even a day later. And after what that shithead did to me! Who do you think you are?" she screamed into the empty cab as she hurtled down the road to La Push, she was trying hard to ignore the fact that she was actually considering taking him up on his offer. She had almost been ready to admit that the butterflies she felt when his gaze turned hungry were because she was starting to wake up from her emotional coma. "And then he pulled this shit," she actually said out loud. That felt good. To say things out loud. She was sick of being left behind. Renee was happy to be rid of her and alone with Phil. Bella had overheard her talking to her friend on the phone. In all the years she's lived with Renee, her dad never really pursued custody even though he knew how flaky her mom was. And, Edward…well Edward had left her for dead on the cold forest floor after telling her she wasn't enough. Even though she was willing to give up her life and mortality for him. "What the fuck else did the blood sucker want?" she screamed aloud. "Cause I tried to get him to fuck me! He can't say I was frigid! What kind of guy turns down sex?" And now Jake. Jake, who'd promised to wait however long she needed. And then he didn't. Like her heart, which had already been shredded to mush, could take another stomping. Fuck. Him. She skidded into the long drive that led to the little red house. Her brakes squealed as she came to a stop near the front porch. Another thing Jake promised to fix, but then didn't. She pulled her shoes on her feet without untying them and marched right up to the front door, banging three times. She didn't wait for Billy to answer; she just walked in. "Bella?" Billy's surprised face crinkled into alarm as Bella marched herself back to Jake's room where he was supposed to be sleeping. She threw his door open and the knob hit the wall with a bang. She looked across the dark room to the empty, rumpled bed with the faded Star Wars pillow case. "Well now I know he comes by lying honestly," Bella yelled to Billy as he wheeled his way down the short hallway towards her. "You gonna try to tell me he's in the hospital now? Are you going to keep up this charade that he's 'sick'?" Bella made little air quotes to highlight the lie. "Bella, I just don't know what to tell you…" he said remorsefully shaking his head. Bella thought he really did look contrite, but he still wasn't telling her anything. So she assumed the worst. Her life had always been the worst. Why would that change now? she thought to herself. "If he was sick of me, he could have just told me, you know? It'd be better than…than…" she struggled for words and fought back the tears, "than this shit!" She didn't give Billy time to respond. She marched right on back out of the little, red house and down to her truck. All the anger she'd bottled up, all the hurt that she'd repressed and denied, it was just beginning to surface. She climbed into her old truck and twisted the keys already in the ignition. "What the fuck is so wrong with me?" she whispered into the empty cab. Maybe, she thought, maybe she just had shitty taste in men. She thought she'd always picked the nice guys. Maybe that was her big mistake. Nice guys finished last " because they SUCK!" she screamed into the cab. Gravel flew as she raced back down the driveway. She took a left out of the drive instead of heading back home. She didn't know where she was headed, but she didn't want to go home. It was then she realized she hadn't brought her cell phone. Alarm washed over her for just a moment and then… Fuck it. Bella pondered the profanity in her thoughts and what she'd already said aloud as she sped down the dark, tree lined road. It felt good. It was a release. She hadn't let anything out. Shitty things, cruel and utterly shitty things had happened to her and she never let herself feel it. "Fuuuuuuuuuck!" she screamed again just to see what it would do. Nothing bad happened. In fact, she felt a little bit better. "Stupid, fucking Edward!" she punched the steering wheel with the heel of her hand. "He would never fucking touch me with a ten foot pole! Then I get stupid horny Mike who'd do anything to get his fucking, sticky fingers into my pants and couldn't take no for an answer." She seethed at her shitty luck with relationships when she noticed Jake's hair tie on the seat next to her. "Then, Jake chases after me like a fucking lap dog when he can see I'm not ready for anything else. I fucking had my heart ripped out of my fucking chest and he wants to look in the fucking cavity and poke around?" She clawed at the fabric covering her chest. "What the fuck? Did he think he could just fill up the hole? It's fucking lined with venom!" She laughed at her own pun and realized she probably sounded fucking crazy. But, for once, she didn't care. She continued to rub her chest, which she expected to hurt and ache like it always did when she mentioned his name. But it didn't ache from thinking about Edward. She thought the name again. Edward. It throbbed, but it felt kind of…better. She slowed down and stopped at the stop sign. Her breath was heavy from her yelling. She smiled at her own audacity. It felt good to be honest with herself. She stepped on the gas, turning left onto a road she knew would take her to a part of the rez that she'd rarely been to. She knew Billy went drinking there in his younger years, right after his wife died. "Then, I finally decide to maybe, just maybe, fucking let Jake in and he FUCKING DESERTS ME!" Bella's knuckles were white as she gripped the steering wheel hard, her locked arms shaking as she continued driving. "WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?" she screamed again. It was the first time she'd vocalized any of that aloud. Every time she'd thought about how she felt, guilt washed over her and she pushed it back down. That's why it was so much easier to feel nothing. "What the fuck is that?" she said aloud, more quietly, questioning that guilt. "Why do I feel guilty about being pissed off that every fucking person, who was supposed to fucking be there for me, deserted me? Why do I feel guilty?" She drove for a few minutes considering that. When the answer came to her, she slammed on her brakes and stopped in the middle of the deserted street. She crossed her arms over the steering wheel and leaned her forehead forward as she caught her breath and thought. "Fucking Renee. I never let myself be angry because it never did any good." She sat up straight at that realization. Looking at the inky black outlines of the forest trees, she took another cleansing breath. "Shit. I fucking raised my own mother and married her off to a man a decade and a half younger than her. Good job, Bella." She reached over and patted herself on the back. "Now you never need to have kids since you fucking raised your fucking mother. And now you 'mother' your father because you feel you need to." She thought about that for a minute. Charlie always protested when she doted on him. He appreciated her food and the care she showered on him, but he always told her it wasn't necessary. And that brought tears to her eyes. Charlie was a good and gentle man. He could take care of himself and he was pleased as punch that she'd decided to come live with him. He never hovered. He never pushed. He never demanded anything of her. And he was always there for her. Even when she'd checked out, she'd wake up some days and he was asleep in her rocking chair watching over her to wake her from her nightmares. And here she was out in the middle of the night, with no phone, and she'd left no note. She had to call and leave him a message at least. Just to let him know she was okay. Bella wiped away the tears and looked around the cab of her truck. She picked up Jake's used hair tie, which had tangled pieces of his