Hope: Look everyone! Volume 2 is here! There are a few things to be discussed first, however. We expect this volume to be very, very different from Volume One. The chapter lengths will vary, and the story itself will be much longer than the first volume! Now Justice, if you would please present our lovely and loyal readers with some insight to this chapter :) Justice: Alright! Well first of all, for all you new readers out there who haven't read our Volume One yet….You might want to do that. ;D Otherwise you probably won't understand what's going on in this story, which is Volume Two. :) As for this chapter…it's a longer one, and it's a Josie chapter. There was a demand for more fluff/romance so there shall be more fluff/romance. xD Yaaaay! Right? …Or not, haha. Anyway, hoped you guys liked the teaser kiss in the last chapter. You guys liked it right? Whether it was/wasn't with who you expected, you guys still liked it, RIGHT? xD Okay I'll stop harassing you now lol. Just know that there will be more romance in the future, and better scenes too. Honor: Hey everyone! So glad that you guys are still with us! We appreciate each and every one of you! Of course, you all know by now that we own nothing except our OCs! Enjoy! And please review! Chapter One: When Josie Met Gollum It was difficult to see through the heavy fog that covered Emyn Muil. Gimli's description of the area was very accurate. It was truly a labyrinth and the rocks were indeed razor-sharp. The place had a way of making one feel quite disoriented. Josie sat on the ground, her knees pulled up to her chest as she watched Sam tie his Elvish rope on the rock that would serve as an anchor for the small crew's descent to the lower level of this ''maze''. She then looked over to Frodo, who was sitting to her left and looking quite down. She gave him a gentle nudge with her elbow. ''Hey,'' she said softly. Frodo looked at her out of the corner of his eye, but did not speak. Josie had grown used to this. He hardly ever spoke directly to her unless she initiated the conversation, which is something she tried to do often. ''Hey,'' she tried again. Still nothing, but the red head was determined. Slowly she reached over and placed her hand on his. He jumped slightly, but did not pull away. ''Frodo.'' A moment passed. ''...Yes?'' he finally said. Josie gave a faint smile. ''I just wanted to hear your voice. It's comforting to me...'' She thought for an instant that the Ring Bearer blushed, but could not be sure, and was unable to mention it because Sam came over and unknowingly ruined their little moment. ''It's ready, Mr. Frodo...Miss Josie.'' The trio made their way over to the rock and peered over the edge. The heavy fog made it impossible to see the bottom, which in turn made it impossible to determine just how far up they were. Josie felt her stomach churn. ''So who is going first?'' ''I will,'' Frodo said as he turned his back to the ledge and gripped the rope. ''Please, be careful,'' Josie warned him. ''The fog has made everything so slippery.'' Frodo nodded and then began his descent. The other two watched as he slowly disappeared. ''I guess I'll go next...'' Sam looked at the lady questioningly. ''Are you sure?'' Josie reached into her pocket and touched the Stone of Courage that Celeborn had presented to her in Lothlorien. Immediately, her anxiety lifted and she felt herself grin. ''Positive,'' she replied as she carefully stepped over and grasped the rope. Slowly she began climbing down, clutching the rope tightly with both hands. Sam soon followed. They had not been travelling long when Sam called down to Frodo. ''Can you see the bottom?'' ''No!'' Frodo yelled back. ''Don't look down, Sam. Just keep going!'' Caught in the middle of the exchange, Josie felt as though she were miles above the ground, but the magic from her Stone gave her the courage to keep going. She looked up and gasped as she saw Sam lose his footing and hit his face on the rocks. A small box fell out of his pack and he shouted for someone to catch it. Josie refused to let go of the rope and as she opened her mouth to say so, Sam's box bounced roughly off of her forehead. She whimpered in pain and blinked, still slightly alarmed. Lucky for Sam, Frodo was able to reach out and catch the box, but as he caught it, he slipped and began to fall. ''Frodo!'' Josie and Sam shouted in unison. Then there was a thunk as Frodo landed on both feet at the bottom, which fortunately wasn't far at all. ''I think I've found the bottom,'' he told his companions. Sam let out a sigh of relief as he and Josie began scrambling to hurry and get to Frodo. Josie, being closer, was able to reach the dark-haired Hobbit first and she placed her hands on either side of his face. ''Don't ever scare me like that again!'' she exclaimed. Then she released Frodo's face and laughed uncertainly as Sam reached them, muttering under his breath. But Frodo and Josie were too busy peering at the little box that had caused all the commotion to hear him. ''What's in this?'' Frodo asked. ''Nothing!'' Sam responded immediately. ''Whatever it is, it hurt like hell.'' Josie rubbed her forehead where a red mark had begun to form. ''I'm sorry Miss Josie.'' Sam looked ashamed. ''It's just a bit of seasoning. I thought maybe if we was having a roast chicken one night or something...'' Josie stared at Sam, her mouth agape. ''Roast chicken?'' Frodo asked, seemingly amused. ''Chicken...Oh my God, Sam! Now I really want some chicken!'' Josie whined as she wrapped her arms around her growling stomach and leaned against one of the many rocks surrounding them. The male Hobbits seemed to ignore her. ''It's very special, that,'' Sam said as Frodo opened the box. ''It's the best salt in all the Shire.'' Frodo nodded. ''It is special.'' He gave the seasoning back to Sam. ''It's a little bit of home.'' Josie watched them curiously. Sam spoke of the Shire often and she found herself wondering about it more and more. Their homeland seemed very important to them and she wasn't sure why. She had never had a deep connection to her hometown. She had moved away from it for college, and while she missed her family after the move, she didn't miss her actual birth-city. As the group set out once more, Josie continued to ponder this and soon became lost in her own thoughts. She followed Frodo and Sam in silence, which was quite unusual for her, and her companions soon caught on to this. They had started climbing upwards after a while of walking and Josie's silence became unbearable. Her usual rants and spontaneous comments had been a way to ease the tension along their travels and Frodo found himself in need of a distraction. He paused in his climbing and waited for her to catch up. When she reached him, she stopped as well and looked at Frodo with a troubled expression. ''Are you alright, Josie?'' he asked her carefully. ''Hmm..?'' ''You're not yourself...You are being strangely quiet.'' ''Oh...Well I was just thinking.'' ''...I see.'' Frodo was unsure how to ask what she was pondering, without seeming as though he was prying, but as it turned out, Josie shared her thoughts freely. ''I was thinking about this attachment you and Sam have with the Shire...I can't understand it.'' She shifted her weight from one foot to the other. ''I think my world doesn't look at things the way you do here. Most people that live in the 'Other World' don't want to live in their hometowns their whole life. They want to move away and broaden their horizons.'' she paused for a moment. ''I was that way.'' Her tone was sad and Frodo felt bad for her. ''Do you miss the Other World?'' Josie's expression changed then. She appeared scared when her gaze finally met his. ''...I don't know,'' she replied. ''I don't know very much at all anymore.'' Then she began to climb again and Frodo followed close behind. This unusual Hobbit-girl had him feeling a rather odd mixture of emotions. She was interesting...and loyal...and quite pretty, even when she was tired and dirty from travelling. But he couldn't allow himself to think such things. They would both only end up hurt in the end. The group eventually came to a stop at a place where they could finally see out into the distance. Far from where they were there was an area that looked as though it was on fire. ''Mordor,'' Sam said plainly. ''The one place in Middle Earth we don't want to see any closer. And it's the one place we're trying to get to...It's just where we can't get.'' Josie stared at their destination. The place simply looked evil. ''Are we lost?'' Sam sighed heavily. ''I believe we are. I don't think Gandalf meant for us to come this way.'' The mere mention of the Wizard's name caused Josie's heart to constrict. "He didn't mean for a lot of things to happen, Sam...but they did." "What are we going to do?" Josie inquired to nobody in particular. Frodo suddenly appeared to be in pain and he quickly sat down upon the rocks, breathing heavily. Sam remained where he was, but the concern for his friend was evident. "It's the Ring, isn't it?" "It's getting heavier," Frodo admitted. Josie sat down close to Frodo, but the rocks made it impossible for her to get to where he was. "And you were worrying about me...You're the one that has to carry that damn thing." "What food have we got left?" Frodo asked. Sam pulled something out from his pack. "Well let me see...Oh yes, lovely. Lembas bread. And look! More Lembas bread." Josie gave a bittersweet chuckle. To her the Elvish bread had no real taste, and a cake-like texture. But it was dense and only one bite filled her stomach, so she tried not to complain about it. Sam broke off a piece for each of them and Josie ate hers quickly. "I don't usually hold with foreign food, but this Elvish stuff, it's not so bad." Josie felt herself smile at Sam's optimism. It was very difficult to stay positive in a time like this, and she was glad that Sam was there. Someone else that cared about the Ring Bearer. Someone else that was devoted to helping him. "Nothing ever dampens your spirits, does it, Sam?" Frodo commented to his friend. Thunder rumbled in the distance and Josie glowered as she wiped her mouth. "Those rain clouds might." It was absolutely horrid when the thunderstorm struck, and it did indeed dampen all of their spirits. Frodo, Sam, and Miss Josie were all huddled together beneath the biggest piece of rock they could find, but it hardly provided any shelter. The rain was a constant downpour, and even though they were wrapped up in their cloaks, they were still rather cold and wet. Josie could not see how Sam could sleep in conditions such as these, but honestly the three were very weary. Yet neither Frodo nor Josie were able to relax enough to get some sleep and they sat huddled closely to one another shivering all the while. Sam's head had fallen over onto Josie's arm and he was snoring quite loudly. The Hobbit-girl rolled her eyes. "At least someone is getting some sleep." Frodo smiled. "You should sleep too." "I can't..." Josie admitted tentatively. "I'm thinking too much." "Is something troubling you?...If you don't mind my asking," The Ring Bearer replied awkwardly.