To the ever-fabulous and witty, LittleNightDragon, who has been an amazing friend and supporter and is a fellow Drarry-shipper. And the reason I finally decided to do the extension to the original and my first drarry story, Five Stages of Kissing. Ash, I hope you enjoy one of two of your birthday fanfics. Chapter 1: First Impression and Initiation Platinum blonde hair gelled and combed, dressed in the finest robes from his closet that was a shade or two darker than his gray eyes, five year old Draco Malfoy looked every bit as the adorable and perfect pureblood child that he was. Clothes pressed, well put-together, not a hair out of place. Too bad his clean-cut, sparkling appearance didn't match the depressing gray clouding inside of him. "Straighten up!" His father's command was sharp as a knife. The young boy's head immediately shot up; his back straightened. He snuck a peek over at his father lounging in his favorite chair in the drawing room. He was passing the time which felt particularly long to the child by reading the paper, the Daily Prophet . "Yes father." Draco mumbled, trying not to sulk. His attempt apparently didn't have enough effort behind it. A frown crossed his mother's pretty face as she looked over at him. A dark-brown brow lifted slightly. "Draco," she warned. The sulking child huffed and crossed his arms, looking down at the polished floors beneath his feet to avoid his parents' pointed looks. His reflection stared back at him, looking just as sullen, as if he sucked a sour lemon. He supposed deep down, in the deepest and darkest corners of his mind, he was acting like the brat Blaise always accused him of being. He couldn't help it though. He hated Sundays. Hated them with a special sort of hatred that was reserved for the assignments his tutors gave him and the Weasleys. And for good reasons, too. Sundays were the shortest days of the week. One minute it was morning, and in a blink of the eye it was nighttime. His parents were often busier. And-the worst of them all-a special event took place every other Sunday which he enjoyed as much as a Muggle-child enjoyed a visit to the strange teeth doctor. Sunday tea. He could never understand how his parents could stand dealing with the guests that were invited over for more than a minute. The men were mean, measuring him with their cool gazes. Draco wished more than once he could respond with a kick to the ankle instead of the smile he usually pasted on. The women were no better. He lost the numbers of times his nose nearly died on the spot from the nasty perfume they doused themselves in. In a matter of seconds they ruined the hair that took the house-elves minutes to perfect, running their fingers all over it. And each time he found it more and more difficult not to spit into their faces when they cooed at him like he was a porcelain doll and yanked his cheeks. But this Sunday tea was different. Another pure-blood would be coming, but this pureblood was a newcomer in his parents' social circle even though he was part of a family that has been around for centuries, rich in wealth and influence. A newcomer pureblood with an unusual wife. She wasn't a pure-blood. She wasn't even new money, which would have been more acceptable. Or even a half-blood. That could have been over-looked, though just a bit. No, she was in fact a Muggle-born witch. A mudblood. When Draco had been told this over breakfast, he nearly spat out his juice. A mudblood? A mudblood was coming over to their house? More importantly, his father was actually going to allow it? He turned over to his father, needing an explanation. His mother had provided one. Lily Evans-Potter was a medi-witch, apparently one of the finest the medical field had seen in years, earning great recognition for her work in not only London but all of Europe, just reaching some parts of North America. And she was a good friend of Snape. The first bit of information raised Draco's eyebrows, but the second one? His mouth nearly dropped. Snape? As in his godfather, Severus Snape, who could be grouchy and unpleasant most of the time even if he did like you. Which applied to very few people. He found ninety percent of the population unworthy of his time, except for the infamous, sharp verbal lashing he spat out. Draco had witness a few Hogwarts students nearly breaking down in tears from those lashings. "Severus was how I met Lily," Mother said. "She was over at his house when I stopped by for tea. Turns out the rumors of her brilliance weren't in vain. She was quite impressive." He turned over to his father, who shrugged easily. "For a muggle-born, she seems to be quite the rarity," He buttered his toast. "I suppose Potter could have done worse." Potter. Potter. Draco was vaguely familiar with the name. Now he remembered. Potter as in James Potter, who served as an Auror for the Ministry. If he recalled correctly, he was one of the few people at the Ministry his father didn't find to be a complete nuisance. As odd as the paring were, they weren't the reason why Draco was sulking. It was because of the extra person the Potters would be bringing along with them. Their son, Harry. According to Mother, he was close to his age. A "wonderful" boy. "I think you two would get along well, Dragon." she smiled. A snort emerged from his father as he glanced over at Draco, a ghostly smirk turning his lip. It only showed that, as busy as his father was, he did know him. He knew him well enough to know that Draco hated being roped into watching over the children of their guests. Draco wasn't stupid. He knew there was a motive behind the Sunday tea. Along with conversing with their friends, it was also for Draco to build a circle of his own. To make friends. Too bad for his parents, he found every single child that accompanied the guest to be a pest. In the beginning, he didn't mind hosting the younger guests. In fact he loved it. Being trusted to handle the children while his parents took care of the parents gave him pride. It made him feel important. Grown-up. Plus, it meant having someone other than his parents and the house-elves to talk to. Someone his own age to show off his new toys to, to play with. As time went on, though, the job quickly went from being exciting to boring. The children his parents' guests brought over weren't fun anymore. None could keep his attention longer than a few seconds before they bored him completely. On top of that, they were just annoying. No doubt this Harry would be just like the others. Green flames roared from the fireplace. Their guests had finally arrived. Draco braced himself. Please let this afternoon tea go by quickly , he begged Merlin. Please . Please. Pretty Please. The first thing to step out from the Floo was a long, jean-clad leg. Attached to that leg was a man who was tall as Father, dressed in Muggle clothes though they did look to be in good quality so Draco dismissed the offense. His hair was remarkably dark, a deep shade of black, and shaggy. Behind his glasses, a pair of dark eyes sparked with a certain light as he looked over at the family, saving Draco for last. Unlike the other men who waved him off with a barely-acknowledged glance, the man kneeled down and smiled at him. A real, genuine smile. That's certainly rare , Draco thought, watching the man. So this was James Potter. He didn't seem too bad. Though the clothes could be better, he seemed alright. "My, my, my. Your parents certainly held back. They told me you were a cute boy, not a strapping young man," James looked past his shoulder to smile over at his parents. "I'd watch him closely if I were you, Narcissa. I see a mischievous prankster in this one. Could even grow up to be a heart-breaker." His mother rolled her eyes, a small smile tugging on her lips. His father appeared amused. James winked at Draco, as if they shared a secret. Before Draco could react, the Floo roared again. A woman emerged from the flames walking into the room with such elegance it stunned Draco that she wasn't a pureblood. She certainly possessed the looks. Though she wasn't as regal as his mother, there was something striking about her. Something that drew the eye. Waves of fiery red hair tumbled down her shoulders and the most striking pair of green eyes smiled as they looked down at him. And she wasn't alone. Attached to her hand, holding onto it as if it was his life-line, was a small boy. He was practically a miniature version of James. He was Draco's opposite in almost every way. Hair dark and wild as opposed to Draco's styled white-blonde hair. Piercing green eyes behind large-round framed glasses to clear mercury gray. A red and black shirt and jeans to Draco's robes. Draco had no idea how closely he was studying the boy until the touch of his mother's hand on his shoulder brought him back. His mother smiled at the woman. "Hello Lily." "Narcissa," the woman-acclaimed healer, Severus' friend-smiled. "It's lovely to see you again." "You as well," Mother smiled down at the boy who was too scared to meet her eye. "Hello Harry." "Hello Mrs. Malfoy." "Now, Harry, none of that. Like I told you before, it's Aunt Narcissa or Cissa." Well, that was certainly surprising. It usually took guests a year before they reached first-name basis with Mother. "This is my son, Draco," Mother said. "You two can play together today." Harry looked like he was fine just where he was, close by his mother's side, looking down at the floor. His mother didn't agree. With a gentle smile, she pried her hand free and nudged him forward. "It's alright, Harry. Don't be shy." Harry finally looked up. Draco, who at this point was ready to pretend that he was sick to avoid this play-date, sucked in a sharp breath. Being so close to him, Draco saw how truly amazing those eyes were. Big, bright, and incredibly green. Like two pieces of emerald with a certain light in them that both baffled and intrigued him. Even though the boy's mother shared the same eye color, Harry's just seemed…more to Draco. Bigger, brighter, more beautiful. Looking into those eyes, Draco felt something slither inside him as those green-green eyes looked at him. Something odd that moved like a snake, sparking a strange warmth that coiled in the pit of his stomach. He nearly shivered. His mother once again brought him back as she gently nudged him closer. He knew what would happen next. He'd reach out his hand, Harry would take it, and then they'd go to either his room or the playroom while the adults stayed here. Recognizing his cue, Draco stuck his out his hand and waited patiently for Harry's. But the boy either didn't know the steps or didn't care for the dance, leaving Draco to hold nothing but the air that slipped through his fingers. He didn't accept his hand. He did, however, follow Draco as he escorted them upstairs to his wing. Harry didn't say a word, but his eyes said enough as they looked over the house, taking in the paintings, the statues, the chandeliers, and portraits of past Malfoys and Blacks that stared back at him curiously. Those bright green-emeralds were wide as saucers as they entered his room. Draco smiled, pleased. His room certainly was impressive if he did say so himself.