This story is dedicated to my good friend, Maia aka oh-my-fancan who requested a fem-drarry story for her birthday. It was interesting have fem-Harry and fem-Draco together in one story. And it was so much fun to write. I hope you enjoy it. The Struggles of Spring Cleaning It was a perfect Saturday morning. The sun was golden-bright and shining, the sky was a clear blue with not a cloud in sight, and from the distance the sounds of birds chirping happily could be heard- " YOU ARE A SICK, SICK SADIST! " Of course, the sounds of the birds' happy chirping were easily overshadowed by the ear-killing, head-splitting shriek. The answering response to the allegation was a simple but well-effective (and deserved) double dosage of bright, bright emerald-green eyes rolling in annoyance. " A sick, twisted, cruel sadist with a dead, cold heart! " Just the thing every girl wished to hear at the weep, early hours of the morning. "You always say such the sweetest things, Nisa." Piercing, dove-gray eyes flashed angrily at her, clearly un-amused by sarcasm. With a scoff, the owner to those eyes that could be harsh as ice or gentle as a stream (depending on her mood) dismissed her with a flip of her platinum, white-blonde hair and turned her nose the other direction, crossing her arms against her chest. "Sure, Potter, mock the girl you claim to love. Laugh at my expense. My woes are clearly your source of entertainment." Aria groaned, massaging her temples, feeling a migraine that was seconds away from erupting. Caused by the one and only Draconisa 'Nisa' Malfoy. It was no secret that Nisa was a drama queen. It was a fact Aria quickly caught onto during the full year Nisa visited the Starbucks she worked at, watching Aria like a hawk with her nose scrunched-up as she fixed up her usual frappunico and blueberry muffin combo, always making a point to wipe the mouth-lid before she drank it, as if she feared someone was out to poison her. And always requesting that Aria be the one to handle her order, never minding the fact there would be three other persons working behind the counter or that she was on storage duty in the back. During the two years they've been together as a couple after Nisa stormed up to her as she was closing up and demanded not only to give Aria a ride home, but to also see her seven 'o' clock on the dot tomorrow night at her favorite restaurant. Sometimes Nisa's dramatic tendencies were actually amusing, endearing even. But most times they were a pain in the ass that always brought on headaches and the deep need for coffee. Or liquor if Aria felt like her head was about to explode. Today was one of those days. At first Nisa was pleasantly surprised, happy even, to see her girlfriend standing outside her impressive penthouse suite. Then her eyes narrowed suspiciously when she noticed the sheepish but unapologetic smile on Aria's face, and then widened in fear when she noticed the big empty boxes she had with her. "Wh-what are those for?" Nisa asked, voice tight, as Aria kicked the boxes inside before letting herself in. "Those are boxes." Aria calmly answered. "I can see that, Potter. I didn't ask what they are. I asked what are they for ." Aria already knew the vicious drama queen was going to be unleashed before she coughed up the answer, bracing herself. "They are for the clothes we're either gonna put away in storage or give away." At the blank look in Nisa's eyes, she took in a deep breath and delivered the final blow. "For spring-cleaning." "Over my dead body!" Nisa snapped. Close to an hour later, Nisa was still glaring at her like she was a heartless criminal and the empty boxes lying at her feet were her instruments of torture. "Nisa," Aria tried to make her voice as light as it could be. "Keep in mind that your dear girlfriend out of the goodness of her heart is here on a Saturday, quite early may I add, to help you out when there are a number of other things she could do. Like, oh I don't know, sleeping." Nisa shot her a look that could have been a full-grown man piss in his pants. "Don't you dare patronize me, Potter! I'm not a child." Sure acting like one. Aria bit her lip to keep the thought from being voiced out. The way Nisa's glare darkened, it was like she could hear her thoughts. "I am perfectly capable of cleaning out my own closet, thank you very much." "Not according to your mother who thinks you're long overdue for a spring cleaning," Aria said. "Or Parkinson who texted me, terrified that your closet was going to collapse on her like an avalanche." "Traitors," Nisa muttered under her breath. Aria fought the urge to roll her eyes again. She glanced over at the window, where the morning sun was shining bright in the clear blue sky. The perfect spring day. Then glanced over at her girlfriend who wasted nearly an hour of that nice day arguing. "Nisa, look. The sooner we get this done, the sooner we can kick back and relax." Nisa was on the verge on rolling her eyes until they widened halfway through, an idea stuck. Annoyance was wiped off her face as a smile curved her mouth. "Or…" Nisa leaned forward on the couch, reaching out to hook her fingers onto the belt loops of Aria's jeans, reeling her in. She gave Aria her favorite smile, soft and sly as a cat. "We could forget about spring cleaning and do this." She captured her lips in a slow, sensual kiss that caused that all too familiar warmth to fire through Aria's veins. Damn her , Aria thought, melting against her willpower. She doesn't play fair. Smiling, Nisa slipped her tongue into Aria's mouth, brushing it against her own. She really doesn't play fair. Aria was pulled onto her lap, straddling Nisa, as the blonde devil nibbled away at the tender spot on her neck, her hands slipping underneath Aria's purple STAR WARS t-shirt and stroking her bare skin. Aria's willpower was crumbling into mush with every touch and kiss. "Still interested in cleaning?" Nisa murmured against her skin. "If so, I can think of a number of things that could use some real tidying up." If her point wasn't clear enough, the hand was stroking Aria's bare skin slid up to her chest, fingers toying with her bra-clad nipple that hardened underneath Nisa's touch. Dear God, she really really didn't play fair. Lying so sultry underneath her, blonde hair mussed from their snogging session, lips red and bare, eyes mischievous and bedroom-inviting, the tie to her short night-robe falling apart and revealing the even shorter dusty-blue nightgown underneath. Aria was so tempted to take Nisa up on her offer, to forget the cleaning and continue where they left off, but… With all the strength she had, Aria straightened herself up and pulled away from Nisa. "After we get your closet organized." At the words, the sly seductress vanished and the drama queen returned. Nisa let out a long, suffering groan and slumped against the couch. "Okay, look, how about we make a deal," Aria proposed. "We get this done and I'll treat you to a large Java Chip frappunico." Nisa stared at her, left brow arched. "Okay, fine, I'll treat you to lunch." The arched brow went higher. "Fine, I'll personally accompany you on your next shopping spree." The brow went higher, accompanied by the slow scan Nisa did on her, taking in the faded but well-loved purple STAR WARS t-shirt, the red plaid shirt tied around her waist, her dark-denim jeans, and ratty black sneakers. "Fine," Aria groaned. "I'll be your little fashion doll and won't make a fuss over the clothes you decide to get for me. As long as they're not too pricey. Or tight. Or girly." "Deal." Nisa grinned, leaping from the couch, renewed with energy. The look on Aria's face must have been dreadful because Nisa's was too delightful as she dropped a kiss on her lips, saying "Cheer up, Potter. You get to clean, I get to shop. With a new doll to dress up." Why did Aria somehow feel like she'd just been played? She couldn't shake the feeling, but decided to save that for another day, grabbing one of the boxes and following her girlfriend upstairs. When Aria nearly turned down the left to Nisa's bedroom, she was pulled back by her braid. "What the…" She shook Nisa's hand off. "What the hell? We're here to clean out your closet, which involves going to your room." "Um, not exactly." Nisa said. Aria's brows rose. "What do you mean?" "In the room, there's a fraction of closet space devoted to clothes I plan on wearing every two weeks." Nisa linked her arm through Aria's and led her down the hall, to the opposite direction. Down to a room that was usually locked whenever Aria stayed over. "This is my full closet." Full closet? Nisa only smiled at her, as if to say You've been warned . She turned the knob, pushing the door open. The box dropped from Aria's hands, just as her mouth dropped wide open. Holy… Clothes. Mother… So many clothes. Fucker…. Too too many clothes. What she was seeing...was the result of a daddy's girl who's never been denied anything, with unlimited credit cards at her disposal that went spent regularly on huge shopping sprees, and still wasn't used to living without a maid. Sunlight poured in from the wide, glass windows that were posted on the upper walls. Below the windows were wide, in-the-wall closets that stretched from wall to wall with shiny clear-glass exterior for doors. Tall, multi-shelved dressers stamped in between three glass closet doors, with five lined up in front of them. The room was almost the double the size of a master bedroom, and every inch of it was taken over by clothes. Clothes spilling from the dressers, as if they were hit by a tornado, pouring from the closet like upchunk vomit, carelessly flung and piled up onto the lounge chairs like trash. Tops, dresses, jeans and shorts and pants, skirts and dresses, shoes, pursues loose hangers. All scattered over the room. So many clothes that the mess nearly reached their knees, looking like some kind of fabric ocean. Once Aria managed to pull back up her slacked jaw and find her voice, she stammered, "Never ever are you to call me a slob!" A quick glance at the clutter, and her body broke into a shudder. "Never again." Nisa rolled her eyes. "Calm down, Potter. It's only a little…small mess." She made a point to look away, twirling a lock of her hair. "Sure," Aria nodded. "And World War II was just a small misunderstanding." Nisa cut her with a glare. Aria scanned over the mess, heavy fumes of Dior perfume Nisa bathed herself in brushing against her nose. She supposed, despite the clutter of clothes, this place actually looked nice on a good day. Like a store. "And I thought Kim Kardashian was a clothes' manic." "Don't you dare compare me to that prostitute, Potter." "If the shopping habits fit, Malfoy." Nisa rolled her eyes, scoffing. Aria took a small, brave step into the clothes' pit. They were going to need more than a box to get organized. They would need the entire storage unit. "Okay," she said. "The best way for us to get organized is to do a little unhaul," More like a lot. "Whatever doesn't fit, haven't been wore more than once, or that you don't like, we toss out into the hallway and pack it up later for Goodwill." " Goodwill?! " Nisa's eyebrows flew up to her hairline. "Yes,