Dedicated to my awesome friend, Melissa, aka FanofBellaandEdward in celebration of her belated birthday which was last Thursday. Melissa, I am so sorry I couldn't get it done by your birthday (stupid finals week) but better late than never right? Also shout-out to innocentlittledarkangel for suggesting that I change Draco from being a veela or a vampire as I originally planned to a werewolf. Christina, thanks to your suggestion, the story was born. A lot of readers were greatly impressed by my fem-Draco stories featuring Nisa Malfoy, and some have asked me to try my hand at doing fem-Harry. I've been wanting to do one forever. It was just a matter of the right idea falling into my lap. I hope you guys enjoy the story as well. Little Red The young, heavyset man let out an irritated grunt as the cold winter night air bit into his skin. With one hand still holding onto the reins of his horse, he tried to wrap his cloak tighter around his thick frame, though only thing that managed to do was let more cold air in. He hated being on guard duty. Hell, he wasn't even on guard duty. He wasn't even a guard, much less a knight. This wasn't even about guarding. It was about hunting. One of the high lords from his village called for a meeting in the town's square, urging every remaining young man left to hunt down the beast that has been terrorizing them. At first the decree was met with reluctance until the promise of immense wealth slipped in and raised the people's enthusiasm. His mother had been one of them. She pushed him forward, saying he could handle it. It made sense after all. He served for years as his father's apprentice who was the village's butcher-at least he was before his accident. He helped his father carve almost every animal in their shop-well mostly pigs, but that was beside the point. At the time he thought it would be a quick in-and-out. Find the beast, slit its throat, and bring back its head. Now, he was cursing his mother for volunteering him as much as he was himself for overestimating his strength. And for not wearing more layers of clothes. Stupid, bloody weather , he cursed. The sound of a snapped twig echoed in the air, cutting off his train of thought. It's just the wind , he told himself. Just the wind. A second snap broke, louder than the other. His heart leaped at the sound, wedged tight in his throat. Clamping his mouth to keep in his screams, he slid off his horse as quietly as he could and grabbed his bow and arrows. He left his horse by the trail as he ventured into the woods, heading east. Another snapped twig and the sound led him to a fence of tall, thick bushes covered in snow. He set the arrow into his bow and pulled it back. Slowly counting back from five, he shoved the leaves aside and charged. "Halt! I'm armed!" He braced himself for a wild boar. Or even for that…creature. What he didn't expect to see was red. Vivid red that practically glowed in the dark night, the deep shade of blood, the material following the direction of the wind, swaying gently. Red that covered a petite figure far too big, far too curvy for an animal, crouched down before a bush of crimson roses that were fully in bloom, despite the season. The cloaked figure slowly rose from the ground, a pair of lightly-tanned, slender hands grabbing onto the hood and slowly pulling it down, revealing waves of inky-dark hair before she looked over her shoulder. His bow and quiver dropped the same time as his jaw did. It shocked him he didn't hear a second thump . She was, in one word, beautiful. Her long hair was black as a raven's wing, tinted blue under the moonlight, spilling over her shoulders and cascading down her back. Skin that was smooth and tanned a light, golden caramel color. A mesmerizing face that was looked like it belonged in the pages of his cousin's old storybooks she was obsessed with, a lovely face that consisted of plump lips that looked like they were filled with something sweet and piercing, bright emerald-green eyes that were wide-set and framed with thick lashes. There was something about those eyes, that odd glint sparking in them that brought a strange sense of vague familiarity. Though for the life of him he couldn't figure out why. Her ruby-red, full lips curved into a soft smile, heightening her beauty. A glint sparked in her jaded eyes that glowed like a cat. "Hello." she murmured. She spoke. He was still staring. He retrieved his jaw and rubbed it to ease the soreness. "Hr-I mean hi. I mean ," He cleared his throat. "Hello." Her smile broadened. He felt his smile grow, but it crumbled as he felt something...focusing on him, on the back of his neck, boring holes. He broke eye contact with the girl and looked over his shoulder. There was nothing but trees and bushes surrounding them. "Is everything all right?" He turned back to the girl who took a small step towards him. "Um, no. Far from it actually." Her smile dimmed into a confused frown. "What are you doing here?" he asked. "It isn't safe for a girl to be out here on her own. You could get hurt." "Picking flowers." She held out a small, straw-woven basket filled with roses and food. From a distance, his nose picked up the scent of bread. "As for being safe, I believe I'm more than capable of handling myself." " You're just a dumb, worthless girl!" He pushed her, satisfied with the hard thump that boomed as her body hit the ground. A little more to the left and she would have landed face-first into the mud, a fitting place for freaks like her as his father often said. He moved forward to push her again, but was brought down by a rock she slammed against his knee, nearly shattering the bone. He opened his mouth to curse her, but a glob of mud flung towards his face, bits of it landing on his teeth and tongue. His cousin towered over him, the look in her green eyes hard and fiery, making her appear older than eleven. "Better a dumb, worthless girl than a stupid, useless pig. At least I know how to handle myself." "Even so," he said, shoving the memory into the back of his mind. "It's dangerous to be out here out alone this late. You never know what you may run into." "Well," Her smile reemerged. "It's a good thing I ran into you." "Um," Warmth crept onto his cheeks. "Can-can-I mean-" He cleared his throat. "May I escort you to…where exactly were you heading again?" "A friend's house. The poor thing is ill and I thought a few treats might help," She held up the basket of goodies. "Are you sure? I would hate to trouble you." "It would be an honor." It was like a layer was dropped from her face, revealing a softer side that made her look even prettier than before. She pulled back on her hood and headed towards the trail. He stayed behind for a bit, admiring her backside and curves, until that feeling returned, creeping onto his skin like a shadow, boring holes into his neck. He looked over his shoulder. No one was there. That didn't stop him from quickening his haste, collecting his fallen arrows and bow, practically running out of the woods. He expected the girl to be saddled on his horse. To his surprise, she was walking ahead of them. He grabbed his horse's reins and pulled him along as he tried to keep up with her. For such a tiny thing, she was definitely fast. He was sweaty and out of breath by the time he finally caught up with her. He tried to keep his breathing under control but his panting was as mortifyingly loud as his horse's steps. Luckily for him, the girl didn't bat an eye, staring straight ahead. That gave him time to study her profile. He saw she was prettier up close, her petite frame set with curves that were shown through the white dress she wore underneath her cloak, the scooped neckline teasing him with a peek of her full breasts. Her looks surpassed even Astoria Greengrass, the town beauty whom many of his friends would give their left nut to have one night with. Especially Nick. A pang slit through his chest as he remembered how Nick's mangled corpse was found in the south side of the woods less than a month ago. Torn and slashed in ways not even pigs were cut in. "Why exactly is it dangerous for me to be out late?" she asked, eyes set forward. "There have been animal attacks. Been scaring the town shitless. Killed a lot of people, too. Good, innocent people including my best friend." He choked on the last part. "You have my sympathies." He nodded, blinking his eyes to ease the burning sensation building behind his lids. "Any ideas on who the creature might be?" "I have an idea." Her too-green green eyes shifted over to him, and once again he was struck by a strange sense of déjà vu. "A wolf." Fur that was pale as snow, eyes cold and hollow, its body almost as big as a bear's. "A wolf?" He nodded and took another peek at the girl. Her eyes were fixed on him. "My father told me tales of the occasional wolf that crossed onto our borders. Sometimes it would be a pack, most times a stray, always hungry for human flesh. I thought it was all rubbish until one day me and my cousin were out getting firewood and I saw it. With my own eyes. I was sixteen. I managed to escape, but…" He should have known something was wrong when she stopped working, eyes widening in shock, chunks from wood spilling from her hands. As annoying as she was, as much of a freak she was, she wasn't one for being dramatic. However he dismissed that gesture as a silly thing dumb girls did, until he turned over to where her shaky finger was pointing to. His mouth was opened, but what came out was a strangled hiss. His heart fell, dropping all the way down to his feet. Big…big… big dog. One that was bigger than any animal he watched his father butcher. One set with claws and teeth that was huge and sharp as knives. One that was inching closer and closer to them. Hot liquid ran down his pants, dampening the material, and if he wasn't frozen in fear, he would be mortified at the fact he pissed on himself like he was a child. " Dudley." Hearing his name broke his spell. He glanced over at his cousin whose fearful eyes shifted from him to the wolf whose hungry eyes were slicing him like a Christmas ham, a pink tongue running across those sharp canines. Without a moment of hesitation, he ran. He ran like he only had seconds to make it home before dark. Like the devil was right on his heels. Behind him, a scream boomed in the air, loud as thunder, sending chills down his skin. Guilt and fear churning his stomach, he ran faster. "My cousin…she didn't." Her final scream echoed in his head. He tried silencing the sound. "I went back. Came with reinforcements." He cleared his throat, forcing the words out. "All that was left was blood and a scrap of her cape." "Her cape?" "Yes. Her parents died when she was a baby, and the only thing her mother left behind for her was a red cape. My cousin cared for it