This story is the the long-awaited and unfortunately, really-belated birthday fanfic present for my great friend, the awesome and incredibly sweet Sammie aka dreamydrarry. Sammie, I am so so sorry it took forever for me to get this done. I hope you love it. Call It What You Will First year, a month after she was taken from the ordinary world of chores and Dursleys to one of magic and wonder, Aria Potter felt like a zombie. A calm, rational zombie, staring straight ahead, putting one foot in front of the other, following behind as Hagrid led the detention group back into the castle. Hagrid was muttering about centaurs and their riddles. Hermione and Ron were close behind him, getting into another argument over Ron's lack of wrist movement. She was far behind, half-heartedly listening to the commotion with one ear, holding herself tightly as another shudder broke through her body. From the freezing autumn wind whipping against their cheeks and through their hair. From memory of the slain unicorn they found with its neck torn open. From the vivid crimson eyes glowing from the pale-faced, hooded-figure that was biting into its' neck. She was so calm. Brave even, according to Ron with a bright grin after they found her. Definitely braver than the blonde-haired, snotty scaredy-cat that fled the second the stranger flashed those burning crimson eyes at them. Maybe she was brave for standing her ground, not looking from him. Only now it was all the calm she possessed during that time vanished with the fear knocking into her at full force, spreading ice through her veins as those burning red eyes flashed through her mind- A hand reached out to pull her hand away from her side and hold it in his own. Stunned, she turned over to see Draco Malfoy by her side. "Wha-" "Don't think too much of it, Potter." he said. "Said the one who grabbed my hand." she snapped. "Call it needing an inexpensive source of warmth," he said. The fact he refused to look at her hinted on the warmth was intended for. She won't deny that he managed to take her mind away from burning red eyes and spilled unicorn blood. That his hand, despite every other revolting thing he was, did feel nice. Warm and soft. But it was Malfoy, the Prince of Prats that had been an absolutely git to her since day one. She didn't need to stroke his ego anymore than it already was. So she did the logical thing. She squeezed his hand tight, making sure it hurt. A smile touched her face when she heard a satisfying yelp. Second year, Draco Malfoy kept his head low, eyes focused on the brownish-green grass as Father stood across from him, mentally peeling the skin off his bones as he recounted every single mistake done on Draco's part during his miserable Quidditch match. When he managed to push past the pain throbbing down below from his fall, Draco looked up to see the glare firing in Father's eyes that demanded a "talk" afterwards. Three hours in, Father was still listening out his faults. His words the hammer and Draco the nail, being knocked deeper and deeper into the ground with each verbal, stinging lash. "It isn't enough that you were proven woefully inadequate to a measly, irrelevant Mudblood flea that somehow came out on top academic-wise." Only because the stupid pest spends every waking second in the library, devouring books like crazy , Draco argued in his head. If he were a bit braver, he'd voice it out loud, but past mistakes and faded bruises taught him that speaking out when Father was in a mood only worsened the consequences for him. "Everyday this past summer you've been pestering me nonstop for a new broom, promising you'll bring victory to both the Slytherin house and the Malfoy name. Yet you couldn't even do that, failing once again." It was all because of stupid Potter. Because that bludger was meant for her head and he was the innocent bystander caught in the crossfire. Because somehow she was able to manipulate the wind to her advantage, adding more speed to that twig of a broom. Because she-she- " Ow! " Both father and son blinked at the cry, halting Father's rant, halting Draco's wishes of melting into the ground. Low and behold, when one spent so much time cursing out Potter in their head, she'd appear like clockwork. Still dressed in her Quidditch uniform, dirt dusted onto her cheeks and clothes, her arm set in a cast. Father's eyes narrowed as they took of it. "Sports' injury, Potter?" "Unfortunately," she scowled, jerking her head towards Draco. "Courtesy of your son." Courtesy of whom?! She looked at him, holding up her bandaged arm, her too-green green eyes flashing. "Congratulations, Malfoy. I thought the upper-class players were brutes. Apparently I was proven wrong." Flabbergasted, Draco looked to Father, watching the heavy sheer of disappointment and fury roaring in his eyes slowly chip away. First to astonishment, and then to something else: grim satisfaction. "Really?" He glanced over at Draco, then looked over at Potter. "Perhaps you should take it as a warning, Ms. Potter," he smiled, the curled corners of his mouth sharp as a blade. "Certain people of a frail, delicate structure as yourself shouldn't be playing such a rough sport." Potter returned Father's smile with a sweet one of her own. So greatly, irritatingly sweet that Draco's teeth ached from looking at it, feeling cavities being drilled into his molars. "But then creatures such as myself won't have the pleasure of showing bigots such as yourself how delicate when I knock them flat on their arse and win the game." Draco bit down his lip to stop the curl from unraveling across his lips, carefully avoiding Father's eyes as fury shaped his face once more. "Always a pleasure, Potter," Father sneered. "Draco," he nodded, and then took his leave. Potter was about to take one of her own until Draco grabbed hold of her hood, stopping her in her tracks. "We both know I didn't do that," He jerked his head towards her cast. Her response was a simple shrug. "Why?" Potter shrugged with one shoulder, her bright green eyes focused on her muddy shoes. "Call it giving a dog a bone. I could hear his barking from the other side of the field." That should have been enough, yet…"Why?" Potter opened her mouth, then closed it, thinking over her answer before finally saying, "I don't like bullies, Malfoy." He didn't know what to say to that. "Besides, we both know if it's anyone's job to knock you down a peg, it's mine." He did however know what to say to that. "You won't be so smug next time, Potter, when I knock you off your broom." "To do that, you have to know how to actually use one, Malfoy." He sneered. With a triumph smirk, she left. Third year, Aria could still feel the cool touch of the Dementors seeping into her bones, chilling her heart. She could still feel the ice turning her muscles, her limbs into lead as she was stuck on her seat, completely trapped. She could still hear that poor woman screaming. And that bright flash of green- She shook her head to clear the cluttered thoughts, and continued walking down. She wanted to talk to Dumbledore, but he vanished the second the Welcoming Feast was over. She wanted to talk to Professor Lupin about what happened and the spell he used to drive the Dementors away, but he was swept into a conversation with both McGonagall and Hagrid and she didn't want to intrude. Plus, if she was being honest with herself, she couldn't stand being in the Great Hall a second longer, knowing a solid ninety-five percent of the conversations and looks going around were centered on her thanks to the train fiasco. She went to the library for safe haven, relieved to see not too many people there. Probably getting ready for the first day of class tomorrow or, if they were Ron, catching up on their nap-time. She wandered over to one of the fictional shelves and ran her finger through the spines, hoping an interesting one would pop out. "You never answered my question." And out pop the cockroach. She groaned inwardly, directing her attention to the blonde-haired git leaning across the bookshelf behind her, smirking at the razor-sharp glare she shot him. "You never answered my question, Potter," Malfoy repeated. "Yes, Malfoy, I think you're a great pain in the arse." "Believe me, the feeling's mutual." Well, clearly the library was now out. Maybe she could catch up with Hermione; she did mention that she planned on spending the rest of the night in the common room. Or the Patil twins. She moved over to the door, but Malfoy grabbed hold of her wrist. "Is it true that you fainted?" He asked again. "I mean, actually fainted?" It was the change of tone, snarky taunting dimming down to something else that kept her there. It was the way he looked, not nastily but almost…worried that made her answer, "Yes." "Are you okay?" It was odd that out of the questions that had been asked about what happened, that one hardly anyone wondered about. Even odder that Malfoy was the one to ask it. "I-well, I'm not dead." she finally said. "That-that's good." He cleared his throat, toying with his collar. "Really good." Merlin, she had to be dreaming. That was the only explanation for why Malfoy wasn't acting or looking like an irritating git, but like a person, one that almost cared. Then just as she was beginning to process the mind-bobbling change, a curve grabbed hold of his mouth, shaping it back into his infamous smirk. "Then it looks like my job is done." She knew it was too good to last. Resisting the urge to roll her eyes, she asked, "And what would that be?" "Call it checking on the well-being of my favorite source of entertainment." She scowled. "Oh come on, Potter. With you dead, I'll have nothing else to bade my time with." Gritting her teeth, she grabbed the thickest hardcover she could find on the shelf and swung it hard against his arm, smirking at the pained yelp that burst from his mouth. Fourth year, Draco had a good idea of how the Yule Ball would be like. Elegant, sophisticated, a night to remember as Mother often said, reminiscing about her own Yule Balls Father had taken her to. He spent the following years beforehand planning it all out: he'd have a custom-made suit that, he'd have the most beautiful and perfect girl as his date, and they would be the envy of the all as they danced the night away. He planned, hoped, and dreamed that it would be one of the best nights of his life. Instead what he got was a complete mess. Thanks to Parkinson, a last-minute date who attached herself to his arm the second they walked into Potions and throughout the day, begging and weeping and full-on screaming until he finally said yes to get her to shut up. And spent nearly forever getting ready, which made them two hours late to the event. Thanks to Weasley and some buffoon from Durmstrang who got into a fist-swinging, hex-shooting match. Ordinarily, Draco would be all for it, especially with the way the Durmstrang oaf was pounding Weasley's face in repeatedly. But not when they fling themselves at the punch bowl where he and Parkinson stood two feet away, getting splashed with the juice. Ruining Pansy's lacy, frilly mess of a pink dress, which contributed to Draco's eardrums nearly being ruined by her shrieking. Thanks to stupid Potter who didn't trip like he hoped she would when Tournament champions came in, who didn't make a complete fool out of herself