Me Katniss, You Peeta. Chapter One The view from the treetops is indescribable. Words have never came easy to me, I have never uttered more than a few words my entire life, but I know that if even if I could speak in proper terms, I still would not be able to describe the sheer beauty of the view of the jungle from the top of the tallest tree. I can see my entire world stretched out in front of me and I entertain the idea that I can see every leaf, every blade of grass, every beetle, every bug, from my seat on the highest branch. I know that this is impossible but it pleases me to think this way. My entire world, in the palm of my hands. I am the jungle. The jungle is me. I hear Kala's call. Distant but distinct. I whip around, squinting through the leaves, and see her sitting at the base of the trunk. I call back and smile, assuring her that I'm fine, before grabbing a vine and sliding down. My feet crush the forest debris, creating a satisfying crunch, and lower myself onto my haunches. Kala's gaze is judging, her anger at my vanishing clear. I lean forward and nuzzle her neck, her scratchy, matted fur rubbing my cheek. She is not angry at me long and smiles affectionately. Her large hand pats my head before she walks away, expecting me to follow. I do for I have nowhere else to go. I do not entertain the idea that I am the same as Kala and the others because it is clear I am not. They are covered in gorgeous fur, have hands large enough to crush opposition with ease, they are bigger than I, stronger, faster. My skin is bare, my hands are small, but I am strong. I do not wish to discover why I am different, I have been raised by Kala so she is my family. Once we have reached the spot where the others are resting, Kala tells me that we are to move on at dusk. I remember when it used to be a challenge to move in the dark. As a youngling I struggled, but I am older now and find it easier to frequent the trees than the land. I nod in understand and eat a short meal before we set off. I exchange quick looks with the others, whose eyes light up with glee. There was a time when they wouldn't accept me. They allowed Kala to raise me but it was no secret that once I grew older, they wanted me gone. And I don't believe for one second that they wouldn't have pushed me out if Kala hadn't fought so hard to keep me. My best friend Gale, an ape much larger than I who accepted me ever since I was a youngling, desperately wanted me to stay but we knew I'd have to do something to prove to the others that I was worth keeping. Especially to Cornelius, the leader of the troop who still gives me the stink eye despite the other's acceptance. Gale dared me to steal the hair of an elephant, something no ape ever dared to do. I wanted to be accepted as a fellow ape desperately, I wished to prove myself as one of them, so I did what he told me to do. It was an incredibly stupid thing to do but we all do silly things to no longer be considered an outsider. I didn't want the other apes to look at me like I was 'a hairless wonder' anymore. I wanted them to look at me and see one of them. Which retrieving the elephant hair would hopefully achieve. Gale had been right to dare me, I had been stupid to accept it. However, over the years I had learned to use my differences to my advantage and was able to swim in the rivers and creeks, a thing no ape had ever been able to do. The elephants frequent the water, using their magnificent trunks to slurp up the water as nourishment. I snuck up behind a baby and plucked a single hair from its behind. For a single moment I was triumphant, staring at the hair between my thumb and forefinger in disbelief, amazed that I had managed to do it. The baby elephant lashed out, its panic causes a stampede to ensue. Thankfully, no one from the clan was injured but I couldn't believe I had been so idiotic as to think that I could gain acceptance by doing ridiculous things. Sometimes I blame Gale, for who I know blames himself, but I know in my heart that it's no one's fault but my own. Kala showed me that night that we are the same. She held me in her arms and showed me that we have the same hands, eyes, hearts. That where-ever I came from doesn't matter, that I am hers and she is mine. I the daughter and she the mother. I was raised by Kala and I will continue to be raised by her. She loves me and I will always love her. My new confidence surprised the other apes in the clan but I think they began to respect me for how I no longer cared about what they thought of me. I don't know if they've stopped calling me the 'hairless wonder' but I no longer receive angry eyes being thrown my way. And, for now, their respect is the best thing I can have. We travel all night. I always keep one eye on my mother and one eye on the sky. I sometimes wonder if this is what it feels like to be a bird, soaring through the air with wings full of gorgeous feathers. I swing from vine to vine, grabbing at branches and jumping across reasonable gaps. Kala is watchful of me, I know how she worries, but this is the only way I am to keep up with them. On the ground, I am the hairless wonder, in the trees, I'm the best ape in the jungle. The dark is relaxing, my eyes working like the sun is still up and day is still neigh. I can feel my muscles begin to ache but I do not stop, I do not pause, because I must prove I am one of them, show the apes I am strong. Because I am strong. Stronger than most of them. I sometimes wonder if I was maybe an ape just born without hair. That this is what Kala and Gale and Cornelius would look like if I were to shave them down to their natural skin. Just because I can flaunt my muscles and tawny skin does not make me weak. My differences do not make me weak. I am strong. When the sky morphs from the pitch black of night to a pale purple as the hot ball of fire begins to make its way back to us we stop. The clan settles but I stay up in the trees, staring at the kingdom of leaves and foliage as dawn approaches. A brand new day. My fingers tighten around the branch I sit on, clutching until my knuckles turn white. My muscles are crying for reprieve but I have to see it, I have to see the brand new day as it unfolds before my eyes. The sun is the instigator, the controller of us all. I will not rest until I welcome it back to the jungle. Thanking it for giving me the rest my body needs, thanking it for the light that it brings the land. I know it is not my place to thank on the behalf of the jungle but I do it anyway, as the other animals will not bother, I am sure of it. I sleep in the tree, nestled against a branch and shrouded by the leaves. The sun warms my skin, lulls me to the sleep, and I immerse myself into the depths of my own mind. When I awaken again, I am sure it is afternoon. The sun has not left yet but I am sure it will soon. The clan is still below me, all still asleep. I stretch my limbs and jump to the next tree, then the one after that and the one after that. I continue to swing and leap and climb and skid until I am far from the other apes but still know where they are. I don't know where I'm going but that adds to the enjoyment of it. I move so far into the jungle I find myself somewhere I've never been before. Kala always told me to never go into the uncharted areas without her but I find myself older now and the prospect no longer frightens me. Everything is the same to the untrained eye but I notice the many differences that wow me into silence. The flowers are exotic and of odd, bright colours. The grass is a little longer, littered with leaves and the odd rotting fruit. I jump from my tree and wander across the expanse, my eyes unable to take in everything at once. It's beautiful, it's amazing, it's aweing. In the distance, I find a weird structure. As I approach, I realize it must be made of the same thing as the trees. A wood of some sort. The structure is falling apart, veins having wrapped themselves around the top and bottom, leaking out of holes and crumbles in the wood. I wonder how long such a thing has stood here and how long it has went unnoticed by the others. Inside is in just as much a ruin. The floor is cool beneath my feet and I do not like it, but do not back down. There are more odd structures inside. Made of the same tree wood. The interior is rotting away, the entire place stinking of mildew. Again I wonder how old this place is and, more importantly, what in the world it is. Who used to use such a place? What was its purpose? Does Kala know that such things exist in this very jungle? Or will she be just as surprised as I am? A strange sound captures my attention. My nerves lurch in my weighs and I immediately flee, survival having been drilled into my ever since I was a youngling. I scale the closest tree, using anything I can find. Vines, branches, even leaves a couple of times. I know I should go back to Kala and the others but something keeps me rooted to my spot high in the tree. Whether it be curiosity or just pure stupidity, I'll never know. A group of strangers appear out from behind the cabin. Strange creatures I have never seen before. I stay close to the trunk of my tree but continue to look on, amazed at how these animals hold themselves so straight and have such strange hides- They don't have hides. Only skin. They look like me! No, this can't be true. Kala never said there was more of my kind. She would have told me. These animals must be a variation of something I've never seen before. A mutant or a hybrid of two unsuspecting species who decided to would be a good idea to mate, despite the ugly off spring they'd produce. There's five people. All seeming to look like me. Long hair-much straighter and cleaner than mine-facial features evenly spaced out and unburdened by fuzzy fur, they walk on two legs and do not drag their hands. They're surprisingly similar to me, despite the impossibility of it. "This is where they used to stay," one of the animals says. The voice is high pitched and they speak the words I can sometimes produce when I try hard enough. "I told you that people used to