A/N: Hello guys! Honestly, I'm kind of all over the place with stories I want to write and publish. The only one I'm able to keep at a constant it seems is Puppet Strings while the others bob in my head like ducks in a pond, waiting for inspiration to strike that just won't come. Okay, so this is based on the general idea of 50 shades. Do not fret however as I have not read the book nor do I intend to so hopefully they will differ in both content and style. Warnings: future BDSM and graphic sex. Tremble Chapter One Peeta walked along the street at a hurried pace, his satchel bumping against his hip in a rhythmic fashion. Haymitch had only called him that morning, demanding that he get himself to the Capitol Building immediately because they had managed to sustain an interview with Cato Hadley, rich bigwig of Panem. They had been trying to get this interview for weeks and now that they had gotten it, it was the matter of upmost importance that Peeta executed it perfectly. The Capitol Building was huge. It towered over every other structure in the city like a giant. It reeked of sovereignty and significance. Even a foreigner would know that big things went on in that building, just from first glance at it. Peeta had never set foot in such a place before and couldn't help finding the whole idea incredibly daunting. But he knew he'd have to face this sort of thing when he became a reporter. He'd just have to push past the fear and get on with it. The foyer was also huge. A massive circle with the Capitol symbol imprinted on the middle of the floor. The Panem flag hung in the corner and the only person to be seen, bar a few people milling around, was the girl at the reception desk. Thankfully, she looked approachable and not at all something to be feared. Upon seeing him, her face lit up with a welcoming smile. "Hello, welcome to Capitol Industries, how may I help you?" Her voice was so rehearsed it sounded like one of those telephone voices. The sort that tell you that you are fifth in a line of callers before the music flared up again. "Um, yeah. I'm Peeta Mellark, from the District newspaper, I'm here to talk to Mr. Hadley? I think my boss said it was for 2:00pm?" God, Peeta hated being professional. It made him feel older than he actually was. The girl tapped something into her computer, pink glossy lips pursed in deep thought. "Ah, yes," she finally said, "here you are." She pulled a pass out from a drawer in her desk and handed it over to Peeta. He pulled it over his head and the little piece of plastic saying 'Visitor' fell perfectly against the middle of his chest. "Go on up, his assistant will call you in when he's ready for you. Top floor. Hard to miss since his is the only room up there." Nodding his thanks, Peeta took to the elevator. Normally he would take the stairs but, 30 floors was a lot to climb, and he wanted to make a good impression, not appear sweaty and breathless to an interview. When the doors slid open again, he found himself entering another reception area, this one much smaller and homier. Another desk sat before a set of double doors, except it was a man sitting behind it this time. "Peeta Mellark?" the man asked upon his arrival. Peeta nodded. "Mr. Hadley will be with you shortly. Do take a seat while you're waiting." The man paused, pressing his fingers against his ear, presumably listening to something on his bluetooth. Looking up at Peeta again, he said, "Actually, he's ready for you now." Wow. Peeta had been prepared to wait for 2:00 on the dot. He thought that someone with such a commendable reputation would be punctual right down to the final second. Not that he was complaining, this made his job easier. Beyond the double doors was a huge office that overlooked the entire Panem Skyline. It was easy to tell that a lot of money had been put into the design of the room as everything seemed to match and all the furniture was carefully placed so it looked like it belonged where it did. Peeta was suddenly aware of how he probably stuck out like a sore thumb. This sort of place was designed for people who wore suits and always looked their best. He hadn't thought to dress up for the interview, especially since Haymitch had called him at such last minute about it. Hopefully Mr. Hadley wouldn't mind the fact that he simply pulled on a pair of scruffy jeans and a shirt before grabbing the closest jacket and throwing it on as he left the house. He hadn't even thought to brush his hair. A man stood at the window, back to the doors as he looked out at the gorgeous view below. Peeta could faintly see his reflection in the glass; a pair of glowing green eyes but not much else. As he approached, he quickly combed his fingers through his hair, hoping to make it look even a little presentable before Mr. Hadley turned around and saw him. And turn around he did. Peeta had seen Mr. Hadley hundreds of times. Everyone had. You couldn't walk a mile in Panem without hearing about him or seeing him in adverts. But there was something incredibly different between actually hearing about him through word of mouth, looking at him in an advert or actually having him stand in front of you in the flesh. Peeta felt a twinge in his stomach, the sort of twinge he used to get when his mother forced him to watch Magic Mike before he realized he was gay. The twinge was always a pest, like his body was trying to tell him something. But he ignored it, like he always did. Professionalism first. Daydream about emerald green eyes and gorgeous jaw structure later. "Peeta Mellark, I presume?" Mr. Hadley asked. Peeta nodded, subconsciously wondering if everyone in this building was going to call him by both names. He hoped not. Again, it made him feel old. At least they weren't throwing out 'Mr's', Peeta wasn't prepared to crack the, "I'm not Mr. Mellark, that's my father," joke until he was at least thirty five. Not only was it pitifully embarrassing, it was the cringe worthy thing that would probably ever leave his mouth. "I have to say, I wasn't too keen on the idea of an interview but when that man-Abernathy, was it?-told me that he would be sending you, it peeked my interest." Mr. Hadley walked around the desk and sat on the edge. Peeta watched him curiously the entire time. Why would he, an obscure reporter for the District News, peek anyone like Mr. Hadley's interest? "Why's that?" he found himself asking. Mr. Hadley gestured for Peeta to take a seat. He did so carefully, as he felt like his peasant blood might stain all of the beautiful Capitol fabrics surrounding him. "I read that piece you wrote about the delicate line between plagiarism and template art for the Arts & Culture sector," Mr. Hadley explained. Peeta was surprised by this, he didn't think anyone read his stuff. Normally he just stuck to the Arts & Culture sector of the paper but Gale Hawthorne-the business reporter who was supposed to be taking care of this interview-had contracted small pox and was confined in his home. Haymitch must have-for some ludicrous reason-believed that Peeta was the next best fit to take on the job. Why? Peeta had no idea. "You like art?" Peeta asked. The older man shrugged. "It captures my attention from time to time." "I see." Distracting himself before the twinge returned in all its painful glory, Peeta opened his satchel and pulled out his notepad. It was filled with scribbles about the opening dates for Art Galleries and possible headings for upcoming articles. He hoped the questions he devised for this were beneficial and relevant, since he had no idea what sort of things you should be asking a business man, certainly not one with such an exemplary reputation on his shoulders. Thankfully, Mr. Hadley answered every question and didn't scoff or laugh at anything Peeta put before him. It was relieving and put his mind at ease. Even if he didn't understand half of the things Mr. Hadley was talking about, hoping that it was a business thing and it would make sense to everyone else who weren't out of their depth. Hopefully Gale would be happy with the answers he was getting, since he would have to deal with the fallout if it wasn't at all good. "Okay, last question," Peeta didn't know whether to feel thankful or disappointed. On one hand, the terrifying ordeal of acting like he knew what he was talking about was almost over but on the other, he was enjoying the simple pleasure of being able to look at Mr. Hadley constantly without seeming creepy. It wasn't often that he was attracted to someone, especially someone close at hand (because apparently the Magic Mike boys didn't count, according to his mother), but it seemed that when he did, he reverted back to his teenage self. The sixteen year old who had confusing feelings towards Alex Petifyer and didn't understand why he had this overwhelming desire to lick the space behind his abs. Mr. Hadley who, throughout the entire interview, had alternated between sitting on the edge of his desk to pacing to sitting again to once more pacing, spun around from his reassumed position of staring out the window and smiled. There was something off putting about his smile, something Peeta couldn't place. "Shoot," he said. "What do you do outside of Capitol Industries? Do you have any hobbies or interests?" Peeta almost frowned. Why in the hell had he wrote than down? Who was going to care about that? Well, since it was out there now he might as well write down Mr. Hadley's response. This question seemed to stir something. Mr. Hadley moved away from the window and stood in front of the leather couch in which Peeta had uneasily perched on throughout the entirety of the interview. The business man towered over him like an imposing giant and Peeta knew that, even if he stood up, it probably wouldn't make much of a difference. "We've been talking about me for ages now. It's becoming incredibly monotonous," Mr. Hadley complained. "I don't mean to be rude, Mr. Hadley"- "Call me Cato. You don't work for me so there is no point in calling me that," intercepted Mr. Hadley. "Okay, well then, uh, Cato, I don't mean to sound rude but this interview is about you," said Peeta. "It's the whole point in my coming here, isn't it?" "Probably." Cato sat beside Peeta on the sofa and removed his notepad from his hands. He flicked through it nonsensically and Peeta watched him awkwardly, worried about whether he had copied down what Cato had told him correctly. He hoped that Cato also would be able to recognize shorthand as he did not want to seem illiterate. "You've got over ten pages of information here, isn't there something more pressing to talk about other than me?" "I don't think so, sir," answered Peeta. Oh for the love of God. Sir?! He wasn't talking to his Headmaster! "Do you think there is?" Cato seemed to be thinking about it. Peeta's pencil dug painfully into his thigh while he waited on a response, the pain keeping him grounded to the situation. "Call me curious but I'm interested in hearing about you," the man finally concluded. Peeta raised his eyebrows in shock. Him? Why? "Why don't you answer your own question?" "Because if you