A/N: Characters in this one shot, mainly Katniss, are written slightly OOC to match the context of the story. As we all know, the canon Katniss would probably never open her mouth about such topics, but this one shot is just for fun! It's rated M for graphic discussion and some course language :) Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games. Girl Talk By Blueberrychills94 Katniss had never been to a girls' night in before. Before the rebellion, Gale had been her only friend, and their priority had always been to feed their families. When Katniss heard of girls' nights in she had always thought of the gaggle of blonde girls from the Merchant businesses that always stood at the school gates on weekday afternoons after class. They always had their skirts pinned up high and once or twice someone would disappear with a boy to the slag heap. Due to this, Katniss had never been interested in seeking the company of a friend that was a girl. Besides, she had had Primrose. Despite being younger than her, her sister had always been her friend as well as her sibling. So when Annie visited District 12 while her apartment in 4 was being renovated and Delly invited Katniss to her house for a girls' night in with Annie and Johanna, Katniss didn't know what to do with it. Of course, she was excited to see an old friend who hadn't returned to 12 after the war ended and instead emigrated straight back to 4 with some of the refugees from District 13, but that didn't stop the pretence of the meeting unnerving Katniss. Of course, it had been a decade since the rebellion had ended and Katniss was by no means as uptight or worrisome as she had been in those days, but that didn't stop her feeling slightly jarred by the possibility of experiencing something she had never really considered before. Well, to be fair, she was twenty-eight years old now. Maybe this was just an experience that was going to happen sometime. As well as this, Peeta seemed sort of excited himself by the idea of Katniss going out for a night. Not because he wanted rid of her, of course, more because every time they went out, they had gone out together as a couple, and it was about time they had gained some independence. Thom and Tax had actually been pushing Peeta to go out some weekend with them for a 'lad's night out', but Peeta had never done it because he still wasn't comfortable leaving Katniss alone at night after all this time. So when Katniss accepted Delly's invitation, Peeta took the opportunity himself to go out as well. It would be good for them, really, and they both knew it. So that was how Katniss ended up on Delly's doorstep Friday night. Katniss guessed that Delly had offered Annie the spare room for the duration of her stay. Haymitch had offered to give Katniss a bottle of wine to bring with her, but she had declined the offer. She didn't know if the other girls drank, but some of Haymitch's stuff was pretty strong and the last thing Katniss wanted to be responsible for was unintentionally knocking them out with her old mentor's hard liquor. Besides, with Johanna being in attendance, Katniss could already bet that alcohol was going to be present. Katniss only had to knock three times before the door was thrown open. Delly stood in the threshold, that same old smile on her face. She looked so different yet so similar at the same time. Same eyes; same smile; same hair style; but more matured. Like everyone else that Katniss had known before or during the rebellion, Delly looked more well-fed and much healthier than she had in 13. "Katniss, I'm so glad you could make it!" Delly squealed, lurching out into the chilly night to encompass Katniss in a hug. "Well, considering the fact that she hasn't seen ya in ten years, it would be shitty as hell if she hadn't!" A familiar voice called from inside. Johanna. Johanna bounced around the Districts of the new Panem as she pleased and had visited 12 a frequent amount of times. She made sure to always drop by Katniss and Peeta's house for a chat (even if the woman's uncensored brain never failed to catch Katniss off guard) and she had even developed a friendship with Haymitch, who she would visit on occasion for a drink. Delly led Katniss through to her living room. After having loaned such a large hand to the rebuilding of the District after the rebellion, Delly had managed to obtain one of the empty Village houses for herself. They didn't call it the Victor's Village anymore. Finnick's revelation of what truly happened to those who won the Games made referring to those who emerged alive as Victors almost an insult. As predicted, Johanna was slouched in an armchair in Delly's living room, proving Katniss' suspicions to be true as she cradled a bottle of beer between her knees. Ripper now had her own liquor store, a business which thrived from day one since alcohol was no longer banned and she was in no danger by openly selling, as long as it wasn't to minors. When Katniss was a kid, she would never have dreamed of 12 having the businesses it did now. Off licenses; restaurants; even a park just on the off road between the Merchant and Seam sectors of the District. The past decade had been a product of hard work and it was obvious through how the District now thrived. "Do you leave your house at all?" the girl from 7 demanded. "Yes," Katniss answered indignantly. "I'm kind of relieved you're past that recluse-hood stage," Delly admitted. "It was rather worrying." "But completely understandable." Annie appeared from the kitchen, carrying a six pack of beer and a long necked bottle of wine. Similarly, to Delly, Annie still looked like the girl Katniss had last seen in the Capitol, only slightly older. For the first six months after Katniss came home from the Capitol, she didn't leave her house. That was not an exaggeration. Not one finger passed through the threshold of her door. It took seeing Peeta plant the primroses outside, and a lot of pushing from Greasy Sae and pulling from Haymitch, to convince her to finally go out. Katniss was relieved she was past that recluse stage as well. If she hadn't gotten over it, she would never have rekindled her relationship with Peeta, and that was one of the main things that still kept her going to this day. "I'm different now," Katniss assured Delly. "In fact, I'd go as far as to say that I'm better." Katniss did feel like she was a lot better now. She didn't think there would ever be a point where she would be completely content with her life. If she had the choice, she wouldn't suffer the nightmares or the PTSD-induced flashbacks but she could not complain with where she now stood. She had a roof over her head; caring friends; a father figure just next door; albeit disjointed contact with her mother but contact all the same; and a warm bed which she got to share every night with who had to be the most loving and kind man she would ever meet. Not a lot of people could say they had that. "How's Dylan, Annie?" Katniss asked. Annie's entire face lifted, just at the mere mention of her son. "He's doing fantastic," she said. "He's staying with some friends back home for the week while I'm here. I didn't want to pull him out of school just to drag him up here anyways." Katniss sometimes thought of Dylan as one of, if not the , first child of the new world. He was born completely free of the chains of Snow or Coin or the corrupt government, and got an opportunity to brave the country that Paylor was building and go through the motions of the new laws put in place. "Enough with this pussy shit, this is supposed to be a fun night, not a soccer mum meet up," Johanna declared, straightening herself in the armchair and slamming her bottle of beer down onto the coffee table with finality. "Then . . . what?" Katniss asked, seating herself on the opposite armchair. "I've never been to a girls' night in before." "You know, I'd ask you why but somehow I think I already know the answer," Johanna answered. "You didn't strike me as the socialite when I first saw your face on T.V." "I kept to myself," Katniss honestly admitted. "In fact, it looked way more appealing to do that than stand in huddles with Merchant girls outside school." "What is it with you people and Merchant and Seams?" Johanna frowned. "You were the poorest District, how in the hell did you guys manage to segregate yourselves even further?" Delly, being the only Merchant in the room to defend her side, immediately jumped in. "The Merchants ran the businesses, like Peeta's family and the bakery, and my own family and the shoe store. We weren't any more well off than the Seam citizens, who worked in the Mines Monday to Saturday, since all the money went to the Capitol." Katniss herself had no problem admitting that the Merchant and Seam sectors of the District pre-rebellion had always had warped views of one another. They never understood what the other side went through, yet behaved towards one another like they did. It was pretty mixed up, and if she hadn't learned from Peeta that the Merchants didn't get what they sold then she would probably have continued to believe the misconceptions for who knew how long. "You didn't keep wholly to yourself, though, Katniss," Delly pointed out. "There was Gale." Katniss rolled her eyes. Gale. God, she hadn't heard from him in years. She knew it had a lot to do with what happened during the final hours of the rebellion, and the fact that he had no idea whether he had played a part in it or not, but she had always expected some sort of extension of contact from him. Even her mother eventually made an effort. Maybe Gale felt too guilty. Or maybe he just couldn't be bothered. "Gale," Johanna said, as if tasting the word on her mouth, "now that was a whole lot of man. Too bad he turned out to be a piece of cowardly shit." "I never liked him," Delly confessed, sitting down beside Annie on the sofa and yanking a beer bottle out of the six pack. "Why's that?" asked Katniss. Delly shrugged. "I would be lying if it didn't start off as second hand hatred from Peeta," she admitted. Despite herself, this made Katniss smirk a little. Now that she and Peeta had been romantically involved for over half a decade, she was able to find enjoyment in things he used to do, such as the juvenile behaviours he expressed in his younger years. In fact, she would be more than interested to hear what sort of stuff her boyfriend got up to when he was a kid. Would certainly be amusing and helpful for later use. "What sort of second hand hatred?" Johanna grinned, glad that they were now getting into the meatier conversation. Putting on her best low, male voice, Delly said, "I bet that Gale guy is a real douche. Katniss deserves better than that guy. I would burn another loaf of bread just to smack it off his head and I'm sure it would bounce right back to me." She grinned, returning to her regular voice again. "Of course, only part of it was from Peeta. When Gale started taking a different girl to the slag heap every other week it became hard to keep a fair judgment on