A/N: Hey guys, this is the story I mentioned in the most recent chapter of Tremble. I'm only posting this first chapter as a sampler so you guys can tell me what you think and then I'll continue it once I've finished up Puppet Strings and Tremble. *Scratches head* I suppose you could say this story could be considered rather blasphemous. So, yeah, if you are really into your religion-or are easily offended religious wise-it's probably best not to read this one. My depiction of God will not be expected. Especially in terms of how he behaves. Don't say I didn't warn ya. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Fallen from Grace By Blueberrychills94 Chapter One: Haziel and Belial When Lucifer fell, all of the angels in heaven were forced by God to make a choice. Fall with him or stay and serve the Lord like they had for so many years prior. Many decided to fall too, deciding that they were sick of lying to themselves and actually wished they had had the courage to voice the things that Lucifer did. Many also decided to stay, knowing in their hearts that what they were doing was the right thing. All the angels that fell lost their wings and the grace that God had given them. They were branded by Lucifer with a marking that twined around their arms and neck, so everybody knew who they were. But then again, it was hard to miss. Especially since their eyes were black as the night's sky and they had slim tails with pointed ends. They weren't angels anymore, they were demons. And they were incredibly powerful as minions of Lucifer. After the fall, it became a battle of good and evil. The angels in heaven versus the demons of hell. They battled with one another on earth, fighting over the influence of the humans that walked the planet. If a person led a good life, they'd go to heaven when they died and join God's army but if the person led a sinful life, they'd join Lucifer in hell. It was only a matter of time before one side had more people than the other and the war would break out with uneven numbers. And it's obvious which side was winning. It's easier to sin than it is to do good. The angels and demons didn't get along. With good enough reason, really. However, there was something going on behind the scenes that neither side really knew about. Something that was going to change everything they believed in for the worse. Nothing was as it seemed. Nothing at all. ~xXx~ "There's a man, in Panem. He's about to make a terrible mistake." Peeta nodded, glancing at the globe that always stood nearby, and located Panem with ease. "My Lord, if you don't mind my asking, what's he about to do?" he asked. Looking back at their Lord God Snow, he continued to feel unworthy to even be in the man's presence. He knew he was God's right hand man, and he would continue to be for many years to come, but it didn't mean that he didn't feel wrong being treated like he had a right to serve God so closely. "What have I told you Haziel?" God said. "Call me Snow." Peeta really wished he didn't have to. It didn't do anything to help the unworthy sensation stirring in his gut. "I'm sorry my Lor-I mean, Snow," he said, looking at his shoes in shame. It felt like all Snow did was correct him on his mannerisms. Couldn't he do anything right? "The man is about to commit a grave sin, that is all you need to know," Snow explained. Snow's chambers in heaven where the most extravagant in existence. His bed was huge, lined with gold, and white, and silver. His walls stretched so high Peeta felt sick every time he looked up, which was kind of ridiculous since he was angel and flew higher than that on a daily basis. Maybe it just reminded him of God- Snow- 's power. The sheer exorbitance of the room made Peeta fell like a speck of dust that should be lost between the clouds that dusted the floor. But every single time it was him Snow called on, like he had done something to earn such intimacy with the Lord. Snow was a strong man. He had been strong for many years. However, after the fall, things became . . . difficult. Snow grew tired and irritated, annoyed by the amount of his people that decided to go with Lucifer and turn into demons. He indulged himself in the very things he forbade but nobody blamed him for it. Every angel that walked heaven's clouds knew exactly how stressful the situation was getting. How dire everything was threatening to become. Nobody blamed Snow for trying to make himself feel better through greed and fornication. He was God after all, and didn't have to seek forgiveness like everyone else. "Am I right to think that there's a . . ." Peeta trailed off, worried about what the reaction would be if he actually said the word. "A demon?" Snow asked. He lounged lazily on his bed, drinking vibrant purple wine from a gold lined goblet. Peeta himself favoured it prior when it was water and always politely turned Snow down when he offered him some. "Yes, you would be right in thinking that. Walk with caution but with purpose. You must remember the power the other side holds over us right now." "I do, Snow," Peeta insisted. How could he forget that hell was ahead? That they were so far in the lead that the angels couldn't even fight them anymore, lest they burn their skin on the fiery sin that coursed through the demons' blood. It seemed like only yesterday where it had felt like good had a chance of winning over evil. Now such a future seemed so bleak Peeta hated to even think about it. "Be careful Haziel," Snow warned. "I do not wish to lose any more of my warriors, especially not the best of the best like you." "I'm hardly the best of the best," Peeta muttered sheepishly. "There's still Gabriel. And Zehanpuryu and Chayyliel. Even if something did happen to me there would be many left who are much more worthy of your praise." Snow sighed. "Come here Haziel." Peeta swallowed the lump in his throat and nervously approached Lord Snow's bed. Snow took Peeta's hand and held it against his chest, where Peeta could feel his heart beating, even though Snow did not need a heart. "There's a reason I sculpted you in my own special image, Haziel. You're different from everyone else. I don't intend on doing such a thing again, certainly not because I lose you over a silly job." "You sculpted every human being on your own image," Peeta pointed out quietly. "In a different way and you know it," said Snow. "Do I need to tell you of where you came from again?" Peeta looked away but shook his head. "No Lord Snow, you don't." He despised his origin story. The fact that Snow took the time and effort to sculpt an angel in his own desired image put a pressure on Peeta that he didn't want. He didn't want to be expected to be unbelievably brave, nor did he want other angels believing that he was . . . well, God's little pet. Because that's what they thought, each and every one of them. Just because Snow always told Peeta their plans first; or requested Peeta's presence while he devised an attack; or simply wanted Peeta to sit with him while he mulled over things in his mind. He still couldn't see why, out of everything God could have sculpted an angel off of, he choose to make it look like him. He wasn't special. "You're special, Haziel, whether you like it or not," Snow assured. He tapped his lips and Peeta leaned over, pressing his own against them obediently. Snow's mouth tasted like flowers and wine, a combination Peeta wasn't sure how he felt about. When he stood up again, Snow repeated, "You are special. Your eyes are the bluest; your hair is the most golden; your wings have a wingspan larger than any other in existence. Is it the other warriors making you feel inferior?" "Of course not," Peeta muttered, hating how this conversation sounded like he was snitching on his bullies to the head teacher. "They're just jealous," said Snow dismissively. "They wish they could be in your position. But they're not." "I hardly doubt they're jealous," said Peeta. "I doubt Metatron or Lofiel have any reason to be jealous." "Are Metatron and Lofiel the ones giving you bother?" inquired Snow. "Oh no. Nobody's giving bother," Peeta lied. "I mean, it's the war and all that. Giving bother would break the commandments." In truth, things like the commandments and the beatitudes had gone straight out the window but nobody cared to admit it. Especially since Snow had been generous enough to write them on pieces of rock all those years ago. Metatron was a little too conceited, especially for the position second to God. Peeta supposed it was annoying to be given such a title and then having to play third wheel to a skinny idiot who wasn't even an archangel. As for Lofiel, she was looking at conceited in the rear view mirror. But what was anyone to expect? She was an archangel as well, her name meaning 'beauty of God'. She couldn't understand why Snow wouldn't pick her to spend so much time with, since her name clearly pronounced what everyone thought when they saw her. She thought she was all he needed and couldn't understand why Snow felt the need to sculpt an angel of his own when he had her. Snow smiled. The sort of proud smile that he reserved only for his Haziel. "Be careful out there on earth, we don't know who or what Lucifer has put out there." "I will," Peeta said. "I promise." "Good." Snow took Peeta's chin and pulled him down for another kiss, the flower and wine combination bombarding Peeta's senses until he almost felt like he'd drank the alcohol himself. "I love you Haziel, remember that." "I love you too, Lord. We all do," Peeta replied. Snow grinned and with one last kiss, bid his pet on his way. ~xXx~ Peeta watched the man follow the woman from a distance. The man's thoughts ran through his head, all of it sticking to the same theme. "I'm going to show that bitch what it means to break up with me. No one, NO ONE breaks a relationship up but me." Peeta could already tell he had lost the battle; that he had come too late; but he followed the predator regardless. There was still a shimmer of hope that he could fix what was about to happen. Or at least lessen the brunt of the aftermath. He couldn't interfere, nor could he save the woman when the man finally struck and threw her to the ground. All he could do was stand close and watch over her, holding her life between his fingers and fighting not to drop the thread. When her attacker left, the woman was unconscious and injured. Peeta leaned against the wall, watching over her, until someone passed by and came to her aid. He hated being late. There was nothing he could when he was late. Spreading goodness was not as easy as it sounded. Peeta touched many souls on a daily basis, but when he felt that twinge of evil, he instantly knew whether it was a lost cause or not. Really, he shouldn't have come along to watch the woman's attack but he felt a duty to protect her, even if her predator's mind was too closed off to be