A/N: Here it is, guys! The kick start to the sequel of It's a Jungle Out There! I would strongly recommend reading that first before you try this one if you're new. I know some people weren't happy with how the first story ended and I respect your decisions regarding whether to continue or not. I would also like to avidly apologize for the rant at beginning of the final chapter. I shouldn't have involved anyone else in what was going on and it was very childish of me to do so. Onto a happier note! I hope to see some familiar faces from It's a Jungle Out There and I hope you enjoy this first chapter! :-) Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Broken Winged Birds that Cannot Fly Chapter One Agony rips through my body. Like a sledgehammer is being slammed into my gut repeatedly. Again and again and again. I scream until my throat is raw, clawing at my belly as I'm wheeled through endless white corridors. I try to lift my head but it's so heavy I can only manage a couple of centimetres but it drops down heavily again. Every time I try, I catch a glimpse of scarlet red blood coating the white sheets beneath me. I grab the paramedic's arm with a sweaty hand. "What's happening?" I beg to know. She doesn't answer me. Her eyes are focused straight in front of her, no expression on her face besides indifference. I'm wheeled into an operating room. There's a doctor waiting there for me, a mask obscuring most of his face. He looks old but I can't tell for sure what he looks like. The paramedics push me down by my chest and I feel two hands grab my ankles, forcing my legs apart to assess the damage beneath. My chest heaves as I fight for breath, my eyes frantically searching the ceiling for an answer to what is happening to me. The loss of blood is making me dizzy. The room is spinning; so fast I feel like I'm going to fall off the bed. My throat is too sore to voice anything over than mild distress, the only sound leaving me being broken whimpers and cries. My baby. What's wrong with my baby? I look to the woman I had grabbed before. She looks at me as well. Her piercing green eyes pin me down and the room slows down a little as she removes her mask. My heart lurches into my throat as Glimmer stares down at me, a sly smirk burned into her features. "Time to get the little one out now," she purrs at me before bursting into maniacal laughter. The other paramedics remove their masks. Cato. Gale. Marvel. All of them staring at me like I'm a meal they're about to devour like wolves. I scream and lash out, beating them with my bloodied fists. It doesn't bother them. In fact it makes them laugh even more. I force myself to sit up. If they're the paramedics, then who . . . ? The doctor sitting between my legs lifts his eyes to meet mine. Nausea sweeps over me as I recognize the beady, snakelike eyes. He too pulls off his mask and I'm staring into the face of Principal Snow. "Now Miss Everdeen, I think it's about time you started to push, hmm?" he says. I wrench my feet out of his grasp and lash out blindly. They all laugh at me. Their amusement building into a deafening harmony until I can't hear anything besides their sick satisfaction- "Katniss, it's time to get up!" Mum's voice jolts me awake. I interrupt her with a gasp of surprise and I nearly fall out of bed in shock. I grab the edge of my mattress and cling on, my fingers digging into the material as I desperately try not to fall. I pull myself back up onto the bed and look around my room, expecting to see all the blood and the mocking faces of my enemies. Instead I see my four walls and cluttered floor. No blood. No enemies. No hospital. I fall backwards onto my bed and cover my face. I've been having nightmares like this ever since I found out I'm pregnant. It's only the end of October-I'm only a month and a few weeks into it-but dreams of labour have been haunting me ever since. Next week is autumn break and it couldn't come along sooner. I've only been back to school after my suspension for a couple of weeks but it's felt like forever. Nobody knows that I'm pregnant. I'm keeping quiet about it for as long as I can. The only people who know are Peeta and my friends. Anyone outside of that is a threat. I'm getting enough shit right now at school, I don't need any slut shaming. I'm not an idiot. I know that's what will happen when they find out. Marvel doesn't even know about it. I've been contemplating telling him but I don't know how he will react. I'm sure he's suspicious. Especially after the phone call about the condoms. I've been considering hiding it from him and just giving the baby away when it's born. I can't see Marvel being particularly keen to go against me in this regard so I don't know why I'm putting off telling him. Maybe I'm just being a coward. I drag my leg out of bed and stand up, stretching myself out so all my bones crack into place. My leg is in a brace now and I don't need crutches to walk. I still move with a laboured limp but it's easier than hobbling around with the crutches. I'm still seeing Doctor Aurelius and taking my pills, just not as regularly. Apparently, I'm making excellent progress. I don't know how because I don't feel like it. In fact, I feel like I'm regressing more than I'm progressing. In the bathroom, I plop onto the toilet and grab the black bags out from under the sink. It's a bitch having to knot bags over my leg every morning but it's better than the alternative. Besides, I get to sit on a stool now when I shower. It may sound lazy of me but the aid is greatly welcomed. As the hot water splatters my hair and body, I think about school. About how my friends and I have made a pact to bring down Principal Snow before Senior year ends. How do we expect to do it? I have no idea. I'm glad I've gotten my act together and switched to the good side of the pond. The people who I used to consider as the dwellings of 'Loser's End' are actually extremely nice people. And they're overwhelmingly clever. Without them, I would be in this alone. I'm greatly thankful for their support. I grab a bowl of cereal and sit down at the islet in the kitchen after my shower, where Prim already sits eating toast. She's already off on her Halloween Holidays. In Middle School you get two weeks whereas Principal Snow only sanctioned one week for us. It's not enough to get him taken down for but we've made a note of it, just in case it comes in handy later. "Where's Mum?" I ask as I sit down. "She's on the day shift so she left while you were showering." Prim pushes the milk closer to me so I can add it to my cereal. "How'd you sleep?" she asks over a bite of chocolate spread toast. "Alright," I mumble, sounding exhausted and contradictory to the answer I give. "I heard your bed creaking a lot. Thought you might be having a nightmare or something," Prim says. I shake my head and rub my eye with the heel of my hand. "Nah, I'm fine. Just the usual silly things, you know?" I say. Wanting to get off the topic of my dreams, I ask, "Any plans for today?" "Rory and I are going to catch a bus to the Capitol," Prim explains. She sucks chocolate off her thumb and dives back into her toast. "Rory?" I repeat dumbly. "As in Rory Hawthorne?" "Mmm-hmm. He got transferred to my class," says Prim. "He's really cool. We're going to go pick out Halloween Costumes for Rue's party this weekend." Rory Hawthorne is Gale Hawthorne's brother. I don't know him very well. All I can hope is that he isn't like his big brother. Judging from how different Prim and I are, this is thankfully entirely reasonable to hope for. I don't even know what I'm doing for Halloween yet. Cashmere is having a party, I know this much. However, ever since I started dating Peeta and hanging out with his friends I have become unwelcome at all of her parties. It doesn't matter to me. If she can't accept Peeta as my boyfriend then I don't want to attend her shitty party anyway. The kettle clicks as the water boils. I swivel on my seat to get it but Prim waves me off and gets it herself. "You be careful with him," I say. "His big brother is in my year and he's"- "A douchebag, I know," Prim says. She pulls two mugs out of the cupboard, dropping a tea bag into one and coffee granules into the other. "Rory says Gale is a bit of a prick. He apparently dates this super annoying girl called Glimmer. Rory says she has this ugly voice and wears so much make up she looks like Miranda Sings half the time." I snicker over my cereal bowl. Even Gale's siblings don't like Glimmer. Absolutely brilliant. "Well, as long as you know what you're doing," I tell her, still trying not to laugh about Rory's description of Glimmer. "Don't make the mistakes I did." "Oh trust me, I won't," says Prim as she pours the water into the mugs. She turns around and hands me my coffee. "You don't have to tell me twice. It seems that some boys are wind up merchants and others are just complete idiots. I don't even know how you could sleep with a guy who was dim enough to believe that you could poke holes into your condoms without consequence." "It's more complicated than that," I mutter. The coffee warms my belly and I feel it already taking effect on my senses. Theoretically you're supposed to drink coffee and have a fifteen minute nap for it to work properly but I don't have time for that. I need to be heading off to school soon. I'm allowed under 200mg of coffee a day (two cups of instant coffee) and it won't harm the baby in any way. I'm thankful for that because without coffee, I'd be a grumpy zombie and there'd be no hiding that I'm pregnant. "What do you want to dress up as?" I ask Prim. "We're thinking of maybe doing couples costumes," Prim explains. When I raise my eyebrows at her, she zips her lips at me. "Our priority is the Joker and Harley Quinn." "Harley Quin?" I turn my nose up as an image of the character comes into my head. "Isn't that costume a bit . . . revealing?" Prim rolls her eyes. "I'm the Joker and he's Harley Quinn!" she insists. "Oh." I frown. " What? " "Some bet he has with the guys in our class. He has to wear a female costume," Prim shrugs. "I wouldn't wear it on my life but I'm definitely up for being the Joker!" Well, that's not so bad then. I'm not entirely fond of the idea of my sister parading around a party dressed in a skin tight costume. I know she has to experience the consequences of things herself but a party full of possibly drunk kids is not a good time for a learning experience. Especially when Prim is blue