Her Mortal Love By Blueberrychills94 She saved his life. That was how it started. He had been hit by a car and left to die alone in the dark. She'd smelled his blood from miles away and sought him out as a nightly snack. However, when she found his body, which had been dragged onto the pavement to avoid being ran over again as the driver escaped, she looked upon the face of beauty and couldn't bring herself to do it. She took him to the hospital, instead. Stayed by his side until dawn, where she hid inside the cupboard in the corner of the room, safe in the shadows from the sun's brutal glare. She couldn't leave until she knew he was okay. Or it would have stayed on her conscious forever. He eventually woke up. Even though she had sat with him for several nights, she feared what he would think of her when he was awake and well. So she stayed hidden. For days she stayed under the cover of the cupboard or beneath his bed, simply listening to his breathing and occasionally, his voice, when he had the strength to speak. It soon became unbearable. Why didn't she just leave, let him get on with his life with the security that he was okay? She had to look upon the face of the man who'd stayed her hand. Speak to him and hear him speak back. So one night, when the nurses had done their rounds and his tests had been completed, she stood in the corner of the room. Still in the shadows, but not hidden in the cupboard. When he woke up, revealing two sapphires as bright as the sun itself, he saw her. He did not cower or scream. He did not make the sign of the cross or threaten to throw holy water at her. He asked her questions and, upon realizing that she had saved his life, felt incredibly in debt to her. This was how they grew to know each other. This was how they fell in love. It took a while for Katniss to tell Peeta what she really was. It was hard to keep it secret for very long, however, because she couldn't go out in the sunlight and did not eat ordinary food. When she eventually had to relent and tell him everything, he was understanding but unsure. Katniss understood why. It was hardly something to believe right off the bat. Coming to terms took a while but it didn't take long for Peeta's weariness to widdle away and his love for Katniss to conquer it all. It wasn't long after that that he became her food source. Katniss had been unwell, and hadn't been able to eat any of the refrigerated bags of blood she got at the hospital. She needed something warm. Fresh and living blood to boost her immunity again. And when her darling Peeta offered himself to her, it was difficult to resist. Ever since they had started seeing each other, she had been craving a taste of her lover's blood. The thought of having him running through her veins was thrilling. So many nights where they shared a bed where Katniss had nearly bitten him just to have a drink . . . But she would never have done it without his permission. Their relationship had difficulties, as all relationships do, but it was positively extraordinary how normal their relationship could be at times. Almost like they were two completely normal people . . . . . . not at all like a vampire and her mortal love. ~xXx~ Katniss woke up at seven o'clock in the evening. Stretching her arms above her head, she climbed out of bed and padded out of the room to see if Peeta was around. Sometimes he worked late at the bakery. She hated it when this happened because it would mean he wouldn't have the energy to stay awake with her. He'd try, but he'd always lose the battle of exhaustion that his body would wage. She hopped down the stairs, her still heart lifting as she heard the muffled voices coming from what sounded like the television. She found Peeta in the living room, watching a television programme of some sort. It was clear that he wasn't particularly invested in whatever it was and was only staring at the screen for something to do. When Katniss reached the bottom of the stairs, he looked her way and smiled. "Hey, sweetheart," he said, "sleep well?" "Mmhm," Katniss replied. She crossed the room and sat beside him on the sofa, throwing her feet up onto the cushions and leaning against him for support. "I can't wait until it gets darker earlier again. Then I can come out for longer and we won't have to try to schedule around each other." "Only a few weeks now," Peeta smiled, sounding fond of the idea himself. He tugged his sleeve up and handed Katniss his wrist. She gratefully accepted and traced her fingernail along the faint blue vein that she could see beneath the skin. The fact that his blood was so uncommon was the reason Katniss had smelled it from so far away when he had been hit by the car. If it had been A positive or another common type like that, she mightn't have bothered. However, not every vampire can say they've drank AB negative blood, let alone say that their life partner was such type and offered them their blood for every meal of the day, like Katniss could. "It's always creeped me out the way you do that," said Peeta, flicking the channels over onto something else. "Why? Do I make you nervous?" Katniss teased. Peeta scoffed. "Oh yeah, totally," he said sarcastically. "I'm quaking with fear." "I'm sorry if I like to savour my meals," Katniss said petulantly, crossing her legs on the sofa so she sat on the cushions comfortably. "Putting it like that doesn't do anything to diminishing the creepiness," Peeta grinned. Katniss grinned back. There were serrated scars marked into Peeta's wrist, never having healed due to her reopening the wounds at least three times a day, not including snacks and treats. There were scars like these everywhere, most not as deep as the wrist marks. Different situations dictated different areas to drink from. The wrist was for regular drinking. Such as breakfast, lunch and dinner. This was why the wrist scars were the deepest. Katniss' teeth had sunk into his wrist the most of all and yet every time felt like the first. That was the thing about AB negative blood. Because it was so rare, it tasted amazing every single time. Like when you don't eat for ages and put food into your mouth for the first time in forever and it creates a little orgasmic explosion inside your mouth. Peeta had grown an immunity to the pain of being bitten. Katniss was glad that it no longer hurt him. Even though he had insisted that it wasn't painful, Katniss had known for the first few months it was agony for him. She had told him that she didn't want to hurt him but he insisted that he wanted her to do it and that it was better than having to kill people just to eat or make herself ill by drinking bagged blood. If she got hungry while Peeta was sleeping, she'd feed from his arm or shoulder. It was an easier solution as opposed to waking him in the middle of the night by tugging his wrist out from underneath his sleeping body just for a drink. Never would Katniss admit this to him but on the nights where he couldn't help but fall asleep out of fatigue, she would pull his shirt sleeve down just for an excuse to trace her fingers along his defined biceps, sometimes without even sinking her teeth in at all. In sexual situations, she would drink from Peeta's neck. Then and only then would she ever let her teeth anywhere near his neck. In any other scenario, she didn't trust herself not to drink him completely dry. The most vital blood is always the most delicious. The only time she would let herself have it would be when she wasn't hungry and therefore wouldn't lose control and kill him. In those situations, her hunger was for something completely different. "They've been putting so much crap on t.v nowadays," Peeta muttered, trying to find something decent to put on. Katniss hummed in agreement over his wrist, leaning her head on his shoulder as she fed. Five to ten minutes was her time limit. Any longer and Peeta would pass out. And given the limited amount of time they could spend together, she couldn't allow that to happen. "Night time isn't as bad, you're lucky you don't have to suffer daytime television," Peeta continued. He winced when Katniss' teeth slipped in through a little too far. She apologized by blindly tapping his head. Once she started, she couldn't stop until she was finished so vague noises as responses and single handed gestures were all she could give at the moment. Peeta snickered and when Katniss' eyes drifted to the television, she saw that he had put on Dracula. She scowled and lightly smacked him, which only made him laugh harder. Katniss tugged her teeth out as she finished up, taking a moment to lick the remnants of blood off of Peeta's skin. "Don't make me hurt you," she warned teasingly. Peeta pulled a face, pretending to be terrified, and threw his now re-injured hand over his face in a faux dramatic swoon. Katniss laughed and lurched forward, biting the side of his hand with her fangs. Peeta yelped in surprise and looked at his hand, mildly baffled. "Never been bit there before," he said, examining the fang wounds curiously. "You also haven't been bitten in the ass, but there's a first time for everything," Katniss warned. Peeta raised his eyebrows. "Don't tempt me," he said. Katniss grinned and leaned forward, briefly connecting their lips. When they pulled apart, her grin widened as she said, "It's your birthday next week." Where she expected Peeta to be happy the same way she was, he actually turned quite sombre. "What? What is it?" "It's my birthday," said Peeta. "Yeah, and?" "I'm going to be twenty four." Katniss raised her eyebrows in confusion. "Your point being?" "I'm going to be two years older than you." This made Katniss burst out laughing. "What?!" she exclaimed. "I'm over three hundred years old! I was turned in the 1700s! Just because I was turned when I was twenty two doesn't mean that you're older than me now that you're twenty four. What are you talking about you silly man?" "I'm going to turn into an old, decrepit man," Peeta insisted. "You won't want that. When I'm old and wrinkly and can barely remember my own name"- "I will love you just like I do now," Katniss interrupted. Peeta shook his head. "I won't let you. I'll hold you back. You don't want to be weighed down by me when I'm old," he insisted. He brushed his fingers through his hair and said, "I've already found a few greys." "Don't be stupid," scolded Katniss. "You're going to be twenty four not eighty four." She frowned and traced the bite marks on his neck thoughtfully. "Why are you starting to think like this now? You're still young. It's not like you're going to have a walking stick and hearing aid in the oncoming months. What's making you so worried?" Peeta shivered beneath Katniss' fingertips, the bite zones on his body always having been a sensitive area ever since she started feeding from and biting him. "This conversation was always going to come up," he reminded her. Katniss straightened up as she realized what he was trying to say. She stood up