The Boy Who Couldn't See By Blueberrychills94 Nobody knew how he lost his eyesight. Rumours go around, as rumours do, about possible things that could have happened to cause his blindness. None of them were true. It was quite possible that maybe nobody was meant to know. That it was one of those things that was supposed to remain secret. The truth was, it was nobody's business. In High School, however, kids made it their business through a persistence that borders on unhealthy ideas that makes them believe that they have a right to know. Nobody thought to ask. Katniss had known the blind boy since she was a child. She didn't know his name; in fact she had never spoken to him in her entire life. She had seen him in passing ever since Elementary School, ever since she first walked home on her own. Ever since she walked through the orange tinted streets during the cusp of autumn, backpack straps clutched tightly in her small hands with the preparation of attack. It wasn't an extravagant thing to witness; there were plenty of people with disabilities in Panem City. To Katniss, when she saw the blond child sitting outside the bakery that her mother frequented, with his sunglasses and stick, she had thought nothing of it. High School grew into a different matter. Katniss thought of the blind boy differently to everyone else. She didn't care about who he was or where he came from. She didn't care about anyone that much besides herself and her sister. This boy-just because he was blind-was no exception to her. Where everyone would stare at him when he passed, Katniss wouldn't so much as lift her head. What was the point? It wasn't like he was aware of everyone else's curiosity anyway. The kids were cruel. They would never physically hurt the blind boy. Doing something like that would be worthy of a death sentence in the eyes of their Principal, Alma Coin. Their words, whispered from ear to ear with giggles and dirty faces pulled at the back of the boy's head, were an entirely different matter. It made Katniss sick. She hated her school. And all the people in it. Not because of what they were doing to the blind boy but because of what they were doing as people on a whole. The blind boy wasn't a special case. They were dicks to everyone who wasn't like them. Katniss distanced herself from everyone in her school. She had done since her first day of Freshman Year. She didn't interact with anyone beside Madge, who she only said hello to in passing because Madge's parents were friendly with Katniss' mother and would surely report her surliness to her the next time they bumped into each other in the supermarket. Being involved with the others was too much drama and Katniss didn't want to be around people who she couldn't trust anyway. Even if she could, she didn't want to. Katniss excelled herself in classes. She supposed the lack of distraction caused by party invitations and declarations to get 'wasted at the weekend' kept her mind clear for every exam she sat. She made a point of doing well in her education to set a good example to her younger sister and make sure she didn't end up working in Walmart alongside the girls who thought they were going to sail through life with their daddy's money. Physical Education was the best because Katniss was able to run from everyone and not be questioned for it. The track course was huge and encompassed the basketball cage. Nobody else in her class really tried-they used broken nails and sore ankles as excuses to walk instead of run-but every day Katniss grasped the opportunity to just take off as fast she could. Away from those assholes, away from the things they said and did, the things they planned to do and the lives they intended to ruin. Katniss overheard them planning to steal the blind boy's stick just to see what would happen. Sure, kids were cruel. But Katniss sometimes wondered if the people she was surrounded by weren't just cruel but actual devil incarnates. Because, honestly, who would plan to do something so awful? There was bullying but then there was just unnecessary acts of abomination. Katniss steered away from the Cafeteria that day. She didn't wish to witness their plan in action, even if it did result in five suspensions one of which being of the Queen Bee (more like Queen Bitch ) Glimmer Sparkles. It blew a hole in the number of girls who showed up for P.E that day. Katniss didn't care. It was more enjoyable without them. That afternoon, Katniss was running the track. As she came around the back of the cage, she could see the three remaining girls lumbering at the start, having barely moved an inch. These were the academics. The girls who claimed that they shouldn't have to do P.E because it wasted the time they could be using to study for, quote, 'more important subjects'. Katniss rolled her eyes and focused on the track again. Katniss ran until her legs ached. Until the soles of her feet felt like they were bleeding. Until her heart pounded so hard she felt as if it were going to burst. Sweat poured from her pores, coating her skin in a thin film. Her teeth ground together as she forced herself to keep going, passing the academics for what felt like the billionth time. It wasn't just the blind boy that got picked on by those five suspended girls. Anyone who they thought was beneath them would get it in the neck. The only time Katniss ever seemed to notice was when the blind boy got the brunt of their conceited spite. She didn't know why. Maybe it bothered her a little that they thought it funny to hurt a guy who literally couldn't see it coming. Honestly, Katniss couldn't wait to graduate. She wanted to get away from that hellhole of a school and it's never ending pit of cruelty. "Katniss!" Katniss slowed to a stop as one of the academics called her. It was Finch Brady (Glimmer concocted a stupid nickname of 'Foxface' which caught like a disease. Katniss would have felt bad, if Finch wasn't such a deceitful backstabber). "What?" Katniss asked suspiciously. Due to her preference of isolation, it was rare that anyone spoke to her. So it was natural for her to be confused when Finch called her name. "Did you hear about what happened at lunch today?" Finch's best friend, Octavia Blake, asked. Octavia was a genius but she was also a massive gossip. "I don't really want to know about it," Katniss replied. "Don't you want to be kept in the loop?" Finch insisted. "You don't want to be left out of the news!" Katniss rolled her eyes, her legs feeling like jelly as she approached the girls. The third girl, Venia Xavier, turned her nose up as soon as Katniss was within smelling distance. The reason Venia didn't do P.E was because she didn't believe in working up a sweat. She believed she was above it because of her high grade point average. Katniss ignored the girl's obvious disgust in her ability to actually run the track. "I don't care about the loop," Katniss panted, her chest heaving as she fought to catch her breath. "Why not?" Venia demanded. "We have so much to say!" "And because Glimmer and her crew are suspended you need someone to talk to in order to spread the word," Katniss deadpanned. "I'm not interested. Even if you did tell me something, I wouldn't breathe a word of it to anyone because, frankly, I don't trust any of you as far as I could throw you." "Is that a reference to my weight?" Octavia snapped. Octavia wasn't huge but she was a little bit more on the heavier side. Certainly more than a healthy girl of her age should be. "I never said anything about your weight," Katniss replied tiredly. This was why she didn't talk to people. It was barely five minutes into a conversation and Octavia was already trying to start a row. "It's actually about Glimmer and her crew," Finch replied, pushing Octavia behind her with a roll of her eyes. Katniss raised her eyebrows. "Why do you think I care?" she asked. Finch flipped her orange hair so it caught the sunlight like a fire sparking into life. Katniss hated the way the sun was always at its peak during P.E class. She preferred to run when it was cool, not melting hot. Hence why she was sweating so much today. It was a classic summer's afternoon. In October. "It's no secret that you hate Glimmer," Venia whispered, like this information was an important secret. "So we thought you'd want to know." "Want to know what?" Katniss asked wearily. "That she's coming back to school tomorrow," said Octavia. Katniss frowned, falling for the bait. "Wasn't she suspended?" "Glimmer's boyfriend Marvel claimed that she didn't steal the blind boy's stick. That he simply couldn't see where he put it. Easily believed, since the kid can't see," Finch explained. "This story was backed by Cato, Gale, and all the other girls who got suspended along with Glimmer." "So they're just letting her back like that?" Katniss snapped, anger rising within her. Octavia tsked and shrugged. "Seems so." Katniss scowled and turned away from the girls. She started to run again, followed by a desperate, "Spread it around!" from Venia. Katniss rolled her eyes. No chance. She had heard Glimmer planning to steal the blind boy's stick, there was no way that that same afternoon at lunch he just 'coincidentally' couldn't find his stick and blamed it on her. More and more reasons to hate this damn school. Katniss ran harder and faster. Her feet pounded the track with loud smacks, her sneaker laces coming loose and flapping around her ankles. Her arms pumped beside her, hands clenched into desperate, angry fists. Stupid school. Stupid people. Stupid everyone! Why couldn't this damn 'experience' just be over already?! Something floated into Katniss' hearing. It was soft, like music. She slowed to a stop and looked off to the right, where the music room window was open a crack. She wondered if someone was in there. Cinna, the music teacher, didn't come into school on Thursdays. So who was in there playing an instrument? Did they finally get a substitute? Katniss looked over to the end of the track, where the academics stood in their huddle gossiping. She didn't want to pass them again. It would only make her angry. Brushing her hair back from her face, Katniss wandered over to the window. The school didn't have a good arts program. The music room used to be an expansive storage room. The budget for music wasn't spectacular either. Katniss chose P.E over music and had only seen the room a couple of times. It was pretty barren with an ancient piano set in the corner of the room. The window was just above Katniss' eyes. She pushed up onto her tiptoes and gripped the stone ledge, pulling herself up a little to peer through. The room was pretty much how she remembered it. Barren, with only a few desks, and a lonesome piano. Except the piano had been pulled to the middle of the room. The music was louder now that Katniss was closer. Clearer too. The melody was the Valley Song. Katniss remembered it well from when she was a child. Her father used to sing it to her and Prim when they were children. Katniss nudged the blinds out of the way with her finger to see who it was playing. She was shocked to see the blind boy sitting at the piano, his fingers being the fingers that was creating such beautiful