A/N: Hi guys! Welcome to another venture into the world of Peetato! I've been wanting to write more for these two since Fallen from Grace finished and this idea has been knocking around my head for a while! Excuse my atrocious lyric writing, I am so bad at writing song lyrics. If anyone wants to lend me a hand with the song writing, send me a PM and let me know! Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. District 212 By Blueberrychills94 Chapter One " Tonight we have two very special guests, it's the Musical Duo that have been taking Panem by storm ever since they released their Number 1 hit: Two Sides!" The roar of the crowd was almost deafening. Peeta winced and rubbed his ear, as if that were going to alleviate the sound somehow. Cato simply chuckled, amused by the crowd's reaction to the mention of them. Peeta was baffled by how excited these people were just by the knowledge that he and Cato were in the building. Caesar Flickerman was one of-if not the-biggest talk show host in modern media. Never mind being baffled by the audience, Peeta was baffled that they had been asked to come on the show at all! It was rather amazing. The stagehands led them out of the Green Room and down to where the studio was. Peeta felt his heart pounding in his chest and had to grab Cato's hand for support as they were left lingering on the edge of the studio, ready to be given the go ahead to go on. This was their first interview since they'd released Two Sides and he hadn't expected such a reception. Cato squeezed his hand and smiled that reassuring smile of his. The one that never failed to put Peeta at ease. Peeta returned the smile and exhaled, allowing himself a second of respite before the madness began. The calm before the storm. " Here to talk about it tonight is District 212!" Cato gestured for Peeta to go out first, which the smaller boy did rather coyly. He was momentarily blinded by lights and the screams of the people in the audience. Comforted by the knowledge that Cato was right behind him, Peeta felt more comfortable in his skin. He went over to Caesar and shook his hand, side stepping so Cato could do the same. They sat down and actually had to wait for the crowd to shimmer down, which took three whole minutes. When the ruckus finally did die out, Caesar flashed the cameras and the audience one of his wide, winning smiles. "It's great to have you both on the show," he said. "It's great to be here," Cato replied, immediately at home with himself and talking as if he was just having a casual chat with a friend. "So which one of you is which?" Caesar enquired, gesturing between the two of them. "I'm Peeta," said Peeta, "and that's Cato." "What made you come up with the name District 212? It's clearly a homage of some sort to the regional system in Panem, am I right?" asked Caesar. "Uh, yeah," Cato answered, "I'm originally from District 2 and Peeta is from 12 so we decided to merge them both into one name." "At least you both weren't from 12 or you'd have just be called District 12 12!" Caesar laughed and the audience did too. Peeta found himself smiling. This wasn't so bad . . . "Now," Caesar said, being faux serious. He leaned forward in his seat, as if he were about to share a massive secret with them. "A little birdie told me that you're both going out. Am I right?" Peeta flushed bright red, making the audience go 'awww', and Cato took the liberty of explaining. "Peeta and I have been dating since high school. We were in the same music class, hence how we discovered that we could . . ." He gestured with his hand, implying the reason why they were there at all. Peeta vaguely wondered how they found out about that but didn't ponder too hard on it because he didn't really mind if people knew about their relationship. It was hardly something Peeta wished to hide. Cato placed a hand on Peeta's shoulder and smiled. "I couldn't have done this without him. He's my world." The crowd went nuts for that, clapping and cheering like they were personally invested in their relationship somehow. The support was overwhelming to Peeta and he couldn't help feeling touched by how happy they were for them. He took Cato's hand in his own and held it between them, unable to keep the smile from his face. "Will you be making more music in the future or will this be a one hit wonder, do you think?" Caesar continued by asking. Peeta and Cato exchanged a look. "We have every intention of further pursuing our music," Peeta answered. It was true. Peeta and Cato were going to continue working on their music, writing and releasing new songs as they came. Maybe someday they would release an album too. They didn't expect to get any more number 1's, however. The success of Two Sides was beginner's luck, or a fluke of some sort. They would fade into the background, like all musicians do. Their fifteen minutes would run out. ~xXx~ Three years later "One hundred; One hundred and one; One hundred and two; One hundred and three; One hundred and-oh fuck I nearly fell off!" Cato chuckled as Peeta grabbed the back of his neck and dug his knees harder into his sides to remain balanced. Cato continued regardless, lowering back down to the ground before pushing himself back up again. "One hundred and oh fuck I nearly fell off?" he asked with a smirk. "I don't remember learning that number in class . . ." "Yeah, well, maybe you just didn't listen hard enough," Peeta teased, laying his head down on Cato's shoulder as the taller blond kept doing his push ups, doing it with impressive ease even though there was another body entirely on top of him. There wasn't much to do in hotel rooms. Sure, they were luxurious but that didn't mean that they didn't start to get boring. The hotel staff were nice; practically falling over themselves to give Peeta and Cato whatever they needed but, again, with them trapped in their room, there wasn't much to ask for besides room service. Going outside was completely out of the question. Normally they wouldn't let the masses of people that usually gathered where-ever they went stop them from going out and having fun but this was a particularly large mass of people right on the hotel's doorstep. Normally there would be time to get into a car but with the swarm outside? No, the idea was completely out of the question. That was how Cato ended up working out. At first, Peeta had just lay on the bed reading the copy of Fifty Shades of Grey that had been left in the bedside drawer alongside the bible (kind of ironic, really) but it only took eight minutes for the novelty of the bad writing to wear off. So after throwing the book onto the floor and kicking it under the bed, Peeta had collapsed on top of Cato and moaned at him to give him something to do. Cato hadn't stopped his set when Peeta collapsed on him, continuing his push ups as if there wasn't the extra weight at all. He told Peeta to count for him, to give him something to do, and that was how they ended up where they were now. Still bored, but with something to do at least. Peeta wound his arms around Cato's neck and huffed. Cato smirked, amused by his boyfriend's clear boredom. "What do you want me to do?" Cato asked. "Magic up something to do?" "You could do," Peeta protested. "Would certainly give me a hand." "I'm sorry, I left my magic wand at Hogwarts," Cato answered back. "Well that was stupid of you," Peeta replied indignantly. He rolled off of Cato's back and lay on his own on the hotel floor. "Who knew that staying in hotels would be so boring? I can't leave the room without having to look left and right first. There's nothing to do staying holed up in a room." "Technically we are doing something," Cato contradicted. When Peeta's head turned towards him with confusion, Cato grinned and said, "We're hiding." Peeta scoffed and shook his head. "Of course, how did I not catch on?" he said flatly. "Oh, I also forgot, you're whinging too. That's something." Peeta turned onto his stomach and propped his head up on his hand, resting his elbow against the soft material of the carpet. His blue eyes moved up and down, following Cato's movements as he continued his set. "We're in the Capitol-the biggest city in all of Panem-and once again we're staying hidden away like some sort of criminal couple!" Cato's eyes lit up at the idea. "Sounds intriguing to me," he said. "You're thinking of me being Bonnie and you being Clyde aren't you?" Peeta couldn't stop a smile breaking out across his face at Cato's ridiculousness. Cato nodded, a cheesy grin of his own on his face. "Why do I have to be Bonnie?!" Cato turned around to lay on his back and Peeta automatically climbed on top of him, like a moth drawn to a flame. Having Peeta's weight push his body into the ground always reassured Cato, whether it be the front or the back. As the more dominant partner, Cato felt comforted by the knowledge of Peeta being comfortable and happy. The same went for Peeta, on a more submissive spectrum than Cato. "Because you're the woman in this relationship," Cato teased, threading his fingers through Peeta's to hold his hands. Peeta's nostrils flared as he had no evidence to back up an argument saying that he wasn't. They'd tried switching roles in the bedroom in the past and all it had achieved was-okay, quite enjoyable sex-but not to the level it was during their normal routine. Peeta pushed against Cato's hands, lowering his body down to lie against the extension of his boyfriend's. "Well, you can't deny that you love it," Peeta teased. Peeta always pulled the cutsie card to win arguments or simply prove a point. Cato was amazed by it, unable to comprehend how a boy who had expressed on numerous occasions how he was far from having the innocence of a child could still have the ability to behave in such a way. Then again, Peeta still had his moments. When complimented in interviews; or by fans; or by anyone in general who wasn't Cato, the younger boy would clam up and turn into such a flustered little thing. The teasing Peeta was a Peeta only Cato got to see, for that he was eternally grateful for. Cato lifted his head and kissed Peeta, letting go of his hands to push his fingers into the boy's hair. Peeta's eyes fluttered, his own hands resting on Cato's chest as he opened his mouth and gladly let the older boy explore deeper inside. Inside his lover's mouth was warm and welcoming, the moist caverns delectably soft to the touch. And when Peeta would let a moan slip, his mouth would vibrate, causing further incentive and stimulation for Cato. Peeta dragged Cato's shirt up as they kissed, dragging his fingernails down his chest and abs teasingly. Cato groaned and returned the favour by sliding his hand over the boy's butt, giving it a harsh squeeze to push their hips together. Peeta groaned with approval, his body matching the movements of Cato's as they made out on the carpet. Dragging his lips away from Cato's, Peeta kissed his boyfriend's neck, slowly moving downwards and dragging his lips along his torso. The feeling of his