A/N: Here it is guys, my Christmas one shot! Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Under the Mistletoe By Blueberrychills94 "Christmas time, mistletoe and wine, children singing Christian rhyme!" Madge crooned into her huge red and white spiral lollipop as she skipped along the snow coated path in a pair of huge woolly boots. Peeta walked alongside her, his head driven mad from the multitude of carols he had to endure ever since they left the Christmas market. "So here it is, Merry Christmas, everybody's having fun! Look to the future now, it's only just begunnnnn!" "Madge?" Peeta interjected. "What?" Madge asked. She stopped skipping and walked like a sane person, taking a huge bite out of her lollipop in the process. "Shut up, I'm begging you. You're giving me a headache," said Peeta. The lyrics to all the carols that had escaped Madge's mouth over the course of the day circuited in his brain like a pack of jolly hyenas, scratching their claws against the side of his brain and trying to break through his skull. "Oi, humbug, where's your Christmas spirit?" Madge bumped him with her huge bag of shopping, grinning a huge smile that revealed pieces of sugar stuck between her teeth when Peeta hit her back with his own bag. "Surely you're a little bit excited? Who wouldn't be, it's bloody Christmas Eve!" "Bloody Christmas Eve," Peeta repeated. "Your point being?" "Scrooge," Madge accused, spinning on her heel and charging up the path to her house. Peeta followed her, picking his way across the icy terrain that was her front yard and trying not to break his neck in the process. "Come on, you have to be excited. Nothing beats Christmas." "Easy for you to say, you won't be spending it alone," Peeta pointed out. He didn't mind having to spend Christmas alone, really. He had done it for five years now. But the magic of Christmas seemed to have died for him long ago, probably when Santa got taken out of the equation when he was ten and all there really was to look forward to was a visit to Church and a turkey dinner. "Gale and I said you could come round tomorrow," said Madge upon entering her house. She shook the snow off her hair and hung her scarf up on the coat hook. "I even said you could stay tonight if that's what you wanted. But what did you say? 'Oh no Madge, I'm okay, I don't mind spending Christmas alone. I'll just make a pie and watch the Doctor Who Christmas Special'." "Well, I probably will," said Peeta. He shut the door behind him to keep the warmth in Madge's house and dusted the snow off his coat before hanging it up beside Madge's. "Look, Christmas just isn't my thing anymore. Why drag a tree all the way down from the attic just to haul it back up again after New Year's?" "You're going to be turning the Charity Men away next," Madge smirked. She unceremoniously dropped her shopping bags beside the sofa and threw herself on top of it. The interior (and exterior) of her house was like Santa Claus himself came in and threw up Christmas Cheer everywhere. Every window, every mantel, every piece of wall space was taken up with decorations of some description. The whole house glowed like a beacon and at night time you could see it from miles away. Peeta lifted a cuddly reindeer off the armchair and passed it to Madge before sitting down. She hugged the creature with a dopey smile. She bought a bunch of toys this year for her son, who she was due to give birth to any day now. She was swollen like a whale and could barely hold herself up right. She craved sugar-hence the huge lollipop Peeta had to buy her upon exiting the market-and it was a wonder she hadn't lost all her teeth over the course of the pregnancy. "I've been meaning to talk to you," Madge said. She leaned back on the sofa and placed a protective hand on her swollen tummy. "I've actually been meaning to talk to you for a while now." "I know, I'm sorry," said Peeta. "Everything's been hectic what with the snow and stuff." Panem had experienced a huge snow storm the previous week. It knocked out all phone lines and no-one had been able to leave their houses for days. Peeta was thankful that he had convinced Madge and a few other people he knew to stock up when the first weather warning came in about it. Sometimes being paranoid can be extremely helpful. "I know, I know," Madge waved off. "But this is important." Peeta narrowed his eyes. "How important?" Last time Madge had something important to tell him, they ended up on a ferry to Italy because they got on the wrong boat. "I want to set you up with a friend of mine!" Madge declared. She announced this as if expecting Peeta to light up and probably whoop with joy but instead all she got was narrowed eyes and a confused frown. "If it's anything like last time, I don't want to know," said Peeta. The last person Madge had tried to set him up with had been called Finnick Odair. He was a good guy but was kind of over confident. They dated for a couple of months-an enjoyable few months that were mainly taken with diner dates and sex-but they broke up mutually after agreeing that they were polar opposites who just didn't fit right together. "Oh come on, this guy's hot, trust me," Madge insisted. "His name's Cato Hadley and he's a personal trainer. You know what that means." She gestured at her torso and mouthed, "ABS!" "Wow Madge, make me look like a conceited pig, why don't you," Peeta muttered. "Come on, give it a shot. You two are perfect for each other, trust me!" Madge declared. "He's coming around soon, I told him you'd be here." "What?!" Peeta exclaimed. "Call it a Christmas gift," Madge beamed. "I told you not to get me anything this year!" "And you knew that I just couldn't do that," Madge responded, rolling her eyes as if this were obvious. "Get in the mood! You deserve to loosen up, especially after all those extra hours you've been putting into work. Those children better be bloody grateful." "Yes, because I'm sure they're aware of the fact that I put in extra hours to teach them how to paint," Peeta answered. "And it's not work, it's volunteering." "Orphans don't need to know how to paint," Madge replied. "Is the baby getting to your head and making you loopy?" asked Peeta. "They don't need to know how to paint, I just like teaching them. Besides, if I don't take them every afternoon for lessons, they'll be stuck with that horrid woman Alma for Maths." Madge shuddered. "I can't believe they'd consider teaching depraved children math instead of art," she said. "Their lives are bad enough, why make it worse?" Peeta rolled his eyes. "I'm going to chalk that one down to pregnancy brain as well." Madge winked. "You do that." She stuffed her hand down the side of the sofa and threw something onto the coffee table. "I bought those for you as well. For tonight. Y'know, in case Cato jingles your bells." Peeta stared at the pair of red skimpy underwear that read 'SANTA BABY' along the ass in distaste. "Even if he did jingle . . . my . . . bells . . . I wouldn't ever wear those ." "Ah, c'mon, they're zetzy," Madge said, pronouncing the word 'sexy' strange and adding too many 'z's.' "And kinky, too." "I don't do kinky," Peeta responded. "You're just a vanilla ice-cream, aren't you?" The doorbell rang. Peeta groaned as the tune to 'Rocking around the Christmas Tree' filled the room and drove a couple more chiselled smacks into his skull. "Where did you even get a doorbell that does that?" he asked, holding his hand out to signal for Madge to stay put when she began to struggle to get off the sofa. He stood up himself and made his way to the door. "I got it on sale!" Madge called after him. "Gale knows a guy, it was a bargain!" Peeta turned the door knob, trying not to knock the wreath Madge had wrapped around it off, and pulled it open. In the doorway stood someone who could almost be mistaken for Madge's brother. He was tall, had blond hair the exact same shade as Madge's and had these green eyes that almost matched the colour of the mistletoe hanging off the door frame. Peeta's brain seemed to wake up upon the sight of the handsome man and he forgot completely about the carol that was still ringing around on loop. "Cato, I presume?" he asked. "Yeah. I'm guessing you're Peeta?" Cato responded. "Yeah," Peeta replied cautiously. He stepped out of the way of the door to let Cato in. "Mistletoe!" Madge shouted. "I put it there for a reason!" "What? So you can kiss the mailman?" Peeta shouted back. He shut the door but the doorbell kept ringing. "Madge! How do you shut this thing up?!" "Smack the door five times!" Madge called back. Cato took the liberty of doing this, slipping past Peeta and using his fist to thump the doorframe five times. The doorbell's insistent carolling ceased and the silence that filled Peeta's ears was so merciful he almost burst out laughing. "Thanks," Peeta said. "No problem," Cato replied. Madge sat on the sofa still, grinning like a Cheshire cat by the time Peeta returned. "What are you grinning about?" he demanded. "Nothing," Madge smirked. She heaved herself off the sofa and started waddling to the hallway that spanned off to the left. Panic seized Peeta as he realized that she was leaving him alone with Cato. With such a h . . . with such a h . . . such a hot guy. "I'm going to have a nap. The baby has been moody today." "Are you sure that's not just you?!" Peeta hissed, grabbing her wrist and tugging her back. "Oh grow a pair Peeta. You've dated guys before. I've set you up with guys before. Let me sleep! Cato's a good guy. You're perfect for each other, trust me," Madge replied. She winked and slipped her wrist out of Peeta's hand. She wandered off to her room and shut the door firmly behind her. Peeta scratched the back of his head and slowly turned on his heel to face Cato again. He sat in the opposite armchair with his feet propped up on the coffee table. "So," Peeta said, awkwardly sliding into the armchair in which he had previously sat on, "how do you know Madge?" "We were in the same Biology class in college," Cato answered. "You?" "Uh, friends since pre-k," Peeta shrugged. Cato seemed surprised by this. Peeta could understand why. He was kind of shocked that Madge had never brought up the fact that she knew such a . . . such a . . . an attractive guy. Surely, out of all the people that she thought of to set Peeta up with, this guy would have come up at least once before now. "So how many guys has Madge set you up with before now?" asked Cato. "Um, one," Peeta answered. "And a half if you count the fact that she pushed me into this guy at a bar once when I was drunk." "Why's that a half then?" "I hardly count a one night stand as a feasible relationship," Peeta elaborated. He internally winced. Had it really been relevant to bring that up? God, he didn't know when to keep his mouth shut. What was that thing called that people have in their brains that control what comes out? Oh yeah,