The Mines of Moria In An Alternate Dimension By Trep092 Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings and I am making no profit from this story save my own amusement. A/N: I got the idea for this story when my friend told me that she was trying to write Morgoth, and her phone's autocorrect function turned it into Mayonnaise. I have no clue how she originally spelled it. The idea for this story popped into my mind and just kept expanding. So I took the character's names from the fellowship and put them through the autocorrect on my phone. Insanity ensued. A character list follows the story for anybody who gets confused as to which character is which. Enjoy the lunacy. Warning: A lot of character bashing, it's not my view of the characters, it's just how the story turned out. There's also minor profanity. Also lots and lots of insanity, if you make it out with your mind intact I commend you. Also, the characters are obviously very very OOC. A/N: I'm reposting this to fix some errors that have been pointed out to me by those who have reviewed. I've just fixed a couple of names and grammar mistakes. So if these things kept you up at night gnashing your teeth, you can now rest easy. Thanks to all who have read and reviewed. Fear gripped the hearts of eight members of the Fellowship of the Ring as they hurtled down the seemingly endless stairs towards what they hoped was the exit to the Mines of Moria. There were only eight of them as Vandal the Pink and Sparkly was currently attempting to hold a door against a troll and a bunch of orcs. What an old man with a stick who had a bright pink aura about him and a seemingly endless supply of sparkles leaking from his robes could do against a bunch of evil creatures was beyond them. Maybe he'd say a few gibberish words and poke them in the eye. That's what he did to Pipeline and it seemed to have an effect. Pipeline no longer did stupid things like drop stones down a huge hole in the floor, but his eyes were missing and he tended to wander off and crash into walls. They finally reached the bottom of the stairs and entered a cavernous room with rivers of fire, a bunch of orcs and trolls and a chasm in the floor spanned by a tiny bridge that looked as fragile as a twig. Vandal was there waiting for them. He spun a wild story of holding the door with magic and then being flung down the stairs to which the fellowship ooed and ahhed. Secretly though they believed he had found an elevator which he hadn't wanted to share with them. Vandal told The Fellowship that the twig like bridge was called "The Bridge of Khazad-dum". Pipeline tried to raise the fact that the bridge sounded like it had the word "doom" in it and they really shouldn't cross it but Vandal just poked him in the nose and laughed while sprinkling sparkles about and said, "we shall carry on Pipeline, my big seen of awesomeness is approaching." As Vandal was the one who distributed their pay cheques, nobody disagreed too much. It was better if they kept him happy. They started arguing boisterously about who was to cross the tiny bridge first, but their arguments were cut short when the trolls began to build a bridge across the river of fire with huge slabs of stone. The stone bridge looked much more safe than the Casadoom bridge, but it was a rather stupid idea to run across a bridge at the enemy. It was much wiser to run across a bridge off which you could tumble into an endless abyss. They began to run towards the Bridge of Casadoom with Legumes in the lead as he was the sexiest and arguably had the awesomest fighting moves. He maybe should have brought up the rear as you wouldn't want to lose your best fighter down a chasm, but this is my story and I tell it how I like. So they were hurtling towards the chasm when a horrible beast of flame and darkness appeared. At least that's how Vandal will tell the story when he comes back from the dead, but in actuality it was a barbell-shaped mass of mayonnaise. The fellowship stopped as one in shock. Well except for Pipeline who kept on sprinting and amazingly enough despite his lack of vision ran straight across the bridge without even wavering at all. Legumes managed to recover from his shock long enough to gasp dramatically, "it's a barbell of Mayonnaise!" The Fellowship was in shock, apart from Vandal who was sizing up the barbell of Mayo. It looked rather harmless, he figured he could just kick it off the edge of the bridge and he would be hailed as the most amazing Maia. That feet would most definitely trump Saruman's little "I can create super strong orcs that can fight during the day" crap. Everyone knew that that was impossible. So he strode forward confidently, sprinkling sparkles everywhere from his hat and struck out at the mayo barbell with his foot. His foot slipped on the slimy liquid and he fell towards the edge of the bridge with a surprisingly girly shriek. Aragorn (call me Frank because my name is amazingly not autocorrected and I wanted a cool name) jumped forward and tried to seize the back of Vandal's robes, but only succeeded in grabbing his tall pointy wizards hat. Vandal fell over the side of the bridge, and had time enough to say quite calmly his last line (at least we hoped it was), "fly you fools." Pipeline, who wanted to impress Vandal, decided to "fly" and ran back towards the chasm flapping his arms. This time he wasn't so lucky. He flew right off the edge of the chasm and fell after Vandal. His last amazing line was, "ooooo sparkles!" And so The Fellowship was dwindled down to seven. The remaining members stood around in shock except for Sam. Sam was on his knees hurriedly scooping Mayonnaise off the ground and into a handy jar that he had in his pocket. He had the idea that they might come across a hotdog in Mordor and it would be nice to have some mayo to spread on it. He was going to discard his box of salt—what were the odds of finding a bunny to make into stew? It was much more likely that they'd come across a hotdog. He was about to chuck the box of spice off the bridge when he realized that if there was hotdogs in Mordor there might be French fries and he knew that mister Fondue preferred salt on his fries. He himself preferred cheese and gravy, but mister Fondue's likes were much more important. He carried the ring after all. Legumes, seeing what Sam was doing, dove forward and began to pick up mayo in his bare hands and slather it into his tresses. He had heard a rumour that putting mayonnaise in your hair would make it soft and beautiful. Frank, seeing that the Fellowship was descending into madness, quickly corralled everyone and herded them off out of the mines, dispatching a few orcs on the way. When they had reached a safe distance from the mines they stopped so that Frank could make sure that Fondue was still living. This fact was contested as the whole Fellowship had witnessed a spear being thrust into Fondue's side, but instead of finding blood and guts they found a pretty coat of mithril which Gimlet immediately began petting and stroking and crooning over. He was nearly at the level of obsession of Gollum, but Frank and Legumes hauled him back before he could start calling the coat his "preciousy precious". After witnessing this nightmare-inducing, vomit-worthy scene, the Fellowship didn't seem to remember that they were grieving over Vandal and Pipeline. After all, as Merry put it, "I was just plain sick of Vandal vandalizing things. There was only so many times I could pretend to laugh and take it in stride when he spray painted my foot hair various shades of pink. And what was with the sparkles? Where did they all come from?" When asked about the death of his dearest friend he had this to say, "Everyone liked him better anyways. He had a crude sense of humour that everyone ate up. Now the world can enjoy my quieter, more sophisticated sense of mirth. You won't see me looking into creepy balls or throwing rocks down holes. No sir." At this proclamation, half the Fellowship, and the rest of the World fell asleep. So the Fellowship continued on their way towards the forest of Lothlorien. After a few hours Legumes's mayonnaise soaked hair was really beginning to reek. At the next river that they had to cross Frank demanded that Legumes rinse his hair as it's smell would probably attract every single Orc, troll, Balrog and freakishly huge spider in existence. Legumes, who was a tad tipsy from the Mayonnaise fumes, tottered towards the water and began to scrub his long beautiful hair. While he was occupied doing this, the Fellowship decided to take a little break and flopped down as one on the grassy bank. They set about to talking and laughing and poking fun at Baronet who hasn't been mentioned thus far due to his... curious behaviour. He, in a misguided attempt to live up to his name which describes a member of the British order of honour that ranks below a baron but above a knight, decided to speak using the "royal we". But, he didn't know exactly how, so he just walked around saying, "we are not amused," At every opportunity. So the members of the fellowship were mocking him. Fondue said, "oonly kings, presidents, pregnant women, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the royal we. Which are you?" Baronet was not amused at this question. He said, "we are the future steward of Gondor." "Is that a king?" asked Fondue "No." "Is that a president?" "No." "Are you pregnant?" "We most certainly are not!" "Do you have a tapeworm?" "We do not! We are not amused with this line of questioning." "Then you can't use the royal we." "Off with your head!" "Off with my what?" And with that last confused remark, Fondue was pushed into the river by Baronet, who tragically fell in after him. Tragically I say because Baronet didn't know how to swim. His last remark was, "we don't know how to swim!" Fondue on the other hand was much more lucky. He knew how to swim. He paddled to the edge of the river and held out his hand to Sam. "Save me Sam! Save me or I will turn my puppy dog eyes on you and look pathetic and you will have to help me and do everything I ever ask of you." Sighing, Sam stood up and strode to the edge of the river. He pulled on Fondue's hand until he came flying out of the water and landed with a squelch on the bank. "Dry me off Sam, then draw me a bath and brew me some tea." "Yes Mr. Fondue... wait! What? You want me to dry you off, then draw you a bath so you can get wet again?" "Don't question me Sam. I am after all the Ring bearer!" "Yes Mr. Fondue. Whatever you say Mr. Fondue." "Good lad Sam." The remaining six members of the Fellowship sat around for a good while discussing their plight. Well Fondue was still splashing around with his rubber ducky so there were only five members. The topic of conversation seemed to wander back to Baronet's tragic death no matter how many times Frank tried to