Dear potential reader: Please note that I do not own any of the characters appearing in this tale. They are owned by the estate of JRR Tolkien. I did not seek profit in writing this tale, I wrote for the enjoyment of writing and hopefully your enjoyment in reading. That said, please enjoy my offering: Morning had come to Osgiliath and with it, a decision. Captain Dossarch well remembered his king's command but he knew Elessar's intent, as well. For this reason, he felt no guilt for ordering his column to march eastward along the Ithilduin. His sergeant, a hard-bitten campaigner of low birth, did not care much for his decision. "Speak clearly, Larsh," Dossarch commanded the man. "I mislike this grumbling." "I say that I mislike not following King Aragorn's command, m'lord," the scarred man replied. "It is on my authority," the captain reminded him. "And we follow the king's orders." "His orders were to cross the great river at Osgiliath and turn south to reinforce Prince Faramir's host in the Emyn Arnen." The sergeant reminded him. "Patrolling and routing any enemy we find on the way." "That is what we're doing," the captain insisted. "Begging your pardon, m'lord, then why are we marching east rather than south?" "Because we're routing enemy we've found," the captain told him. "The survivors from the orc raid said that the foe had fled up the river. If we turn south and join with the prince, the orcs will escape through the forest and into the mountains." "Safer for all if we join with the prince," the sergeant retorted. Dossarch's jaw clenched at the statement. He well remembered the desperate fighting on the Pelennor Fields. He remembered the ax that pierced his shield and his left hand, and the pain as he fought despite his wound. He remembered the fever and infection that had set in the next day, although he didn't recall the days of delirium that followed. He only remembered recovering his wits, weak as a kitten, to discover that King Elessar's host had already set forth for the Towers of the Teeth. He remembered he strength slowly returning, rejoicing at the news of victory and the fall of Sauron and the days of preparation for the king's return. He then remembered those who had been at the Black Gate being hailed as heroes while he, of no less valor than they, was not. "We did not accept our tasks to remain safe," he snapped at the sergeant. "We accepted our tasks to defend Gondor. A foe has dared raid our folk, it is our duty to chastise him." "Most of our lads haven't had the time to harden," the sergeant protested. Dossarch's jaw clenched anew. He had to admit that the man was right. Of the two hundred who marched behind him, perhaps ninety had lifted a blade and braced a shield against a foe. This march was to toughen soft feet, harden backs and shoulders to bear harness and mail, teach the young soldiers the skills of patrolling, setting camp and operating in unsafe territory...while the threat was still small. "But the foe is ahead and we're on his trail," Dossarch stated. "Our best trackers, two of great skill, deem the foe small, no more than one hundred. We have riders out to our flanks, front and rear. Our lads may be green, but they're braced with veterans and well trained. We will deal with these orcs, blood our lads and join a stronger host to the prince." While the sergeant didn't seem completely convinced, he chose to not protest further. For three days, the column continued its march along the Ithilduin with no sign of the enemy other than the tracks and detritus that orcs were want to leave in their wake. For three days, the outriders reported no sign of the foe. Then the trail turned north. The sergeant protested again, stating that the foe drew them further from their destination, but Dossarch would hear no complaint. "They seek to escape into the mountains," he told the man. "If such orcs can escape, they will tell their lot and the next raid will have ten times their number." Again, Larsh bit his tongue, unable to argue the wisdom of the statement. For two more days, the column marced north into rising land, where rushing streams cut deep ravines through the hills. On the morning of the third day, the lead outriders reported the orcs encamped less that a league ahead. Dossarch interrupted the morning meal, sent his riders to his flanks and rear and lashed his column into hasty movment. Less than an hour later, they burst into the abandoned camp to note the fires still smoldering. Almost scenting the foe, Dossarch ordered the march continued at double time. Again, Larch protested, stating that the lads wouldn't be able to fight after such a march but Dossarch silenced him again. Minutes later, another outrider returned and reported the orcs fleeing in disarray only a quarter league ahead. Heartened by the news, the entire column surged forward. When the first arrows struck his lead rank, Dossarch knew that he had finally overtaken the enemy. He looked forward to see a ragged band of the foul creatures, perhaps one hundred, with possibly two-score archers. Dossarch barked his orders and the column, green but well trained, complied. The first two ranks locked shields, braced spears and continued to advance. The four ranks behind kept their spears raised to the sky while the column's archers bent their bows towards the foe. Orcs dropped from well-aimed shafts while orc arrows bounced off of shield, helm and mail. Just before the spearmen could engage, the remaining orcs, down to fifty or so, broke and fled further up the ravine where they had made their stand. Ignoring Larsh's protest, Dossarch ordered pursuit. Hours later, as the sun lowered in the sky, arrows and stones began to rain upon his comlumn from the high cliffs to either side, he realized that he may have been too rash. Still, he commanded a strong force. Several men fell, but he got his men into a square formation, with the outside men holding shields aloft while on the inside, his archers drove the orcs from clifftops they had been using to rain shot and dart upon the men of Gondor. For a few minutes, Dossarch wondered why his outriders had not warned him of this ambush. Then, he realized that those riders must be dead. He would mourn later, now he had to extract his force from the ambush...by crushing the orcs. He had just ordered the continued advance when cold fear griped him. Suddenly, his sword arm grew weak and the foe grew larger and more numerous in his mind. He forgot his deeds on the Pelennor fields, fighting despite his wounds. He knew that he was doomed to die in this nameless ravine. Shaking his head, he gained control of himself; he was still a strong man of the west. Unfortunately, not everyone mastered their fear. Nearby, Larsh stood tall and ready, shouting at the men to remain in formation. Most of the veterans also shook their heads and stood firm; although their eyes were wide with fright. The new men, those who had not tasted battle before today, were unable to control their fear. More than one hundred men of Gondor fled down the ravine in disarray, screaming as they ran. "Form up!" Larsh roared, rallying those who had stood firm. The ninety remaining men formed into a square as a rumble sounded from higher in the ravine. Then, a powerful host of orcs swarmed from the higher ground to surround the outnumbered veterans. The men of the west died hard, extracting a price in lives and blood for every one who fell, yet it was still to cheap. Orcs leapt into the spears, dragging the weapons down with their own dying bodies as their fellows swarmed over the fallen. Blades from Gondor hacked down orcs by the dozen, but scores more used their dead and dying brethren to leap into the very heart of the battle square. Soon, the square was sundered. The veterans still fought hard. Wherever they could, they banded together in bands of a score, a dozen or even a pair, standing back-to-back. Still the foe charged, headless of losses, willing to spend several to bring down each tall man. Dossarch saw Larsh fall, the sergeant's blade in an orc belly, his shield blocking an orc blade while an orc ax sundered his helm. The captain couldn't count the foes that had fallen beneath his own, notched blade when a jolt of pain in his back dropped him to his knees. Looking down, seeing a spear burst from his chest, his last thought was to wonder how men could stand before the fear that had sundered his column. "You seem troubled, my king." Eomer, King of Rohan, looked to his aide and friend. "A man from Gondor rides with us, carrying the red arrow," he answered, nodding to their guest. The man in Gondorian livery rode somewhat away from the King, allowing him some privacy as he spoke with this councilor. "War is upon us. It is a troubling time." "Yet we have ridden to war before," Hammarn pointed out. "Last summer, we rode far to the south and faced the Haradrim. You were not so troubled at that time." "Last summer we went to war," Eomer reminded the man. "Yet this time, war has come to us." "Perhaps if you shared this burden, it would ride more light upon you. My duty is to assist you; why don't you allow me to perform it? Why did you meet with the arrow-bearer in private and not speak of the danger?" "I will share the burden, yet today," the King informed his companion. "And this is why we ride to Helm's Deep. King Aragorn summons not only the aid of Rohan, but the dwarves of the Glittering Halls, as well." "They are few in number!" Hammarn protested. "Although a doughty folk, why does the King of the West call for them in addition to the spears of Rohan?" "We may find ourselves in the Mountains of Shadow, above the lands of Ithilien," Eomer replied. "I had hoped to speak of this matter to my house and to Gimli at the same time, but you are correct that I should share the burden; you may have council that I have not considered. The King of the west believes that we may face battle in mountains and caves. In such a conflict, the dwarves can provide strength beyond their numbers." "Ithilien! Does war threaten your sister and her husband?" "As well as my sister-son," Eomer told his friend, his face grim. "While the darkness has not yet threatened Emyn Arnen, it is growing. While Aragorn prepares to march to Faramir's aid, he judged that I would wish to rally to the aid of my sister. He judged correctly." "Has the shadow returned to Mordor?" Hammarn asked. "What shadow remains in Middle Earth that could challenge Prince Faramir? He is a capable leader of men." "I know not the name or shape of the shadow. The bearer did not know and from his words, I believe that even Faramir and Aragorn do not know it. Aragorn calls upon me to muster the forces of Rohan to march to Emyn Arnen. Gimli, I and those I see fit to accompany me will ride to Minas Tirith, there to take council with Aragorn himself before traveling to Ithilien and the grim tasks that await us there." "And did the High King direct the King of Rohan to fetch this dwarf?" Hammarn asked his King. "Does Aragorn, Lord of the West that he is, direct the King of Rohan, and his friend, to deliver messages?" "Stay your outrage, good Hammarn," Eomer lifted one hand to halt further words,