-slightly rewritten first chapter, combined now with the second and third.. and a whole new beginning..- "If I were to come back in another life, I'd like to be reincarnated as my own clone." ― Jarod Kintz, The beginning of the end... " Who do you choose?" He whispered, his voice almost breaking... But she didn't answer, she just stared at the blue horizon behind him. The ocean, wild and turbulent, full of life and death.. and him. Sea Green Eyes, and Black hair. Lost forever... Or so she thought. Because now, it's standing right in front of her: her way to have him back. A way with a name. A beautiful name she had cherished for four long years full of adventures, fears, happiness... and love. Four Years of laughing at the goofy kid. Three Years of admiring his bravery. Two Years of sharing with him every moment of her days, every laugh, every tear... One Year of loving him, with whole her heart. One month of finally excepting that even while he wasn't his reincarnation – as he'd swore her many times – , he would still be her future. And that Percy, after almost seventy years, finally lay in the past. As a memory of so much joy and happiness... and love... she would cherish it with whole her heart and all her eternal life. A life she would share with the other, another who hold her heart, just like he did. Another with blond hair, and brown eyes... and just as big a hero as him. " Who do you choose?" At least, so she thought until one hour ago. Until that moment when he finally told her the truth. A truth tearing her apart. A truth breaking in a few words every stable thing in her life. A truth destroying her peace and her future in one single sentence. " I lied to you. I am." And now she was standing there with him, on the beach, looking at the ocean, avoiding his gaze. Not able to move, not able to speak, not even able to cry, because she didn't have any tears left. With such a pain burning in her chest that she could almost not breathe... Because she could have him back! Because he wasn't lost forever! Because she could hold him in her arms again! Because she could tease him and joke with him... and love him... again. Because the only thing that would have to be done to bring him back – him: her Seaweed Brain – was to the other to die. For her handsome, funny, smart, kind, loving Straw-Head... to die.. to disappear of this world, to stop existing. Because he would have given his place to one another. Another wit Sea Green Eyes. Just as simple. " Who do you choose?" Just as heart-breaking. ... "You would wind up as a cat, I told her. They don't need anyone else. I need you, she replied. Well, I said. Maybe I'll come back as catnip." ― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper ... Chapter One: The moment you suddenly realize that this weird dream... is actually not a dream. You really are here, in a camp of fools! You know, the things is about having weird dreams... is that somehow they ruin your whole biorhythm. And it's worse of course, if you're having those dreams every night... no exception. And so when you wake up somewhere in the middle of UNKNOWNLAND (because honestly I don't have any idea where am right now!) with a blond girl sitting at your side, sobbing... Wait sobbing...? And saying that she misses you... What the...! You really think that you're still in that stupid dream... But the last thing YOU remember about your dream, is having your head being pushed into some toilet, with the toilet in question exploding just before they can actually do it. And find the logic between exploding toilets, and sobbing girls, please. And don't start about stupid things as: there is no logic in dreams. I've heard enough of that bullshit. Perhaps that counts for you, but my dreams are always completely logic. Believe it or not. However, the thing is, that waking up in an UNKNOWN place with such a girl sobbing, it kind of makes you feel really really weird – having a sobbing girl next to you is already awkward enough... but having a sobbing girl next to you when you don't even know where you are... that... let's say: complicated. - As if, at one hand, you want to give her a hug so she would stop crying – hey, I am a soft guy! - and on the other hand you want to fly as fast as possible, and never meet her again. And if you can't choose between the two... than you're the idiot called Sea'n Weedbrain. – You guessed it, that is me! – And in that case you start rambling like a fool: "Who are you? And how do you know my name? And why do you miss me?" "What?" (that's the girl) "You just said it, you said you missed me.. me.. Sea'n WeedBrain. Why?" "What...?" (come on, is she stupid, or just really, I don't know, obvious...?) "Why did you say my name?" Be really clear, then she won't miss the point.. Hopefully. That's when it hit me: I must have lost my memory, just like in such a stupid cliché story. She knows me, I don't remember her. She doesn't understand why I don't remember her... and. Come on! "I don't know you, don't I?" Can't be proud to tell that I was slightly panicking. "Why... d-do you miss me? Are you f-family of mine?" such a beautiful girl..? That would be awesome! "And why..." Did I just say all that aloud? Oh god, perhaps she didn't even know me... I'm making a fool of myself again... Come on Sea'n. Remember! Remember... And I remembered the cow. The big giant angry cow, chasing me through miles and miles of forest, in the dark. Walking on it's posteriors! With pants on. What the... Oh god. I killed the cow. Holy fucking shit. Have you ever seen the movie Scott Pelgrim v/s the world? With the vegan bad-guy with superpowers, who ate some meat by accident and was severely punished for that (as in being ripped off his fantastic superpowers by the Vegan Police, and killed by the good-guy) Killing a cow must be much worse than eating some meat... Oh god oh god... I looked at the nearest door, almost expecting the VeganPolice to burst inside. I may have no superpowers (except if you call weird dreams: superpowers) and may have never met the VeganGuild... But you never know. Oh god oh god. I killed a cow. I killed an animal. A sweet gentle sympathetic animal. Who could have been my best friend... because hey cows are fantastic! Oh god! The last thing I knew before blacking out, was the girl pushing my hair out of my eyes and whispering something as: "Trust me. Save. Remember. Friend." When I woke up again, it was because some guy was shaking me like a fool. And when I say, like a fool, I really mean it! I had been lucky not to been shaken out of my bed. "Percy Percy!" What the..? I tried to sit up, but the guy didn't give me the time for it. He pulled me into his arms, hugging me as hard as he could. Guess my ribs haven't forgotten their meeting with the giant angry cow yet, because I felt them crack and a blast of pain shooting through my body. But even though I yelped of pain, the guy didn't calm down. He just pressed me closer. And so I waited, 5 long, suffocating minutes, until he pulled me just far enough away to look me in the face. "Oh Perce, it so..." The guy stopped in the middle of his sentence, fault of worlds, with panicked eyes. It gave me a precious few seconds to look at him. The guy was kind of a Latino giant Elf (as in Human Height), with curly black hair, pointy ears, and his eyes.. I guess he must have drugged himself, or something... or a least have drank kind of ten litre coffee. Not the kind of guy you want to meet at an unknown place. I tried to pull away from him, just before he would completely go insane. Just in case. His face dropped. "No Percy...?" he asked with that same panicked face. "Nope." "Really not..?" Did I really have to answer that one? I guess so... In my head I quickly counted my options. a) just lay down again, ignore the guy – with the risk of being shaken like a fool again – b) continue his game of weird conversation we had at the moment – risking to make it even weirder – c) just present myself and hope that he doesn't turn insane. Let's stay on possibility c). "So... nice to meet you... My name is Sea'n." I said. "And you are...?" The guy blinked at me. "Yes...?" And realized suddenly that I had been speaking to him. "Oh I am Leo.. The Leo, as in Awesome, Team Leo, The Fantastic Repair Boy, yeah: the Leo!" The guy smirked sadistically. Oh great... Can I please go back to the giant angry cow? "Leo.. The Leo, as in Awesome, Team Leo, The Fantastic Repair Boy, yeah: the Leo!" was now, still sitting on my bed, trying to make a.. something... with a lot of stuff he just pulled out of a really really little pocket in his belt. And don't understand me wrong.. I am not implying he's some lab freak making things as little as molecules or so... not at all. It's just that all the materials he needed to make his... helicopter?... were pulled out of a pocket big as my fist, while the thing was much much bigger than that. Find the logic in that, please. "Hold this." Wh-hat? Before I could protest, a sort of... yellow stick? was pushed in my hands. At least I thought it was a stick, because having a better look at it, I saw that the stick had some strange button on it. A red button. A fascinating red button. And so, just like any twelve year old boy would do when he sees a red button you clearly shouldn't push on, I pushed on it. Three things happened at the same time: Leo yelling: Don't push on that! (seriously?) Leo yelling: Gaia! you did it. Leo yelling: hide yourself! And don't ask me how he was able to yell this all at the same time. He just did. My eyes widened: "What?! Is this going to explode or s..." Leo was already gone. I looked at the stick again. It hadn't changed a tiny bit. Leo wouldn't have given me a really dangerous thing, don't you think...? Nobody would give that to an unknown kid... Then I remembered his eyes, his creepy drugged eyes... his weird elfish face, and the 'shaking me awake'... Leo definitely could! At that moment, the stick began to glow. Oh god. Oh god oh god... I looked around me... nobody else here... at least, so it looked... and there was a window – an open window! at only three meters. I threw the stick out the window. I tried to throw the stick out of the window. The stick was glued to my hand. Oh god oh god oh god. "LEO!" The stick was glowing really really bright now. Seriously, I haven't survived a fight with an angry cow to be killed in some explosion because of a foolish elf! I grabbed the other side of the stick and pulled as hard as I could. Trying to unglue the now dazzling stick. Great. Now both hands are glued.