A/N : Written for a challenge posted at And it is a day or so late. Disclaimer: I don't own these people. "My lord, I think we should find some shelter." Éowyn yelled over the wind. Faramir knew this, but could not think of anywhere to stop. I should know these woods , he thought. He and Éowyn, along with Beregond and some Rangers were traveling to take a look for a place to build their new home in Ithilien. They had seen the storm clouds coming, but they had pressed on. Faramir wanted to find a place soon, and to show Éowyn more of Ithilien. They had been living in the Steward's apartments in Minas Tirith at the moment, thought they both wished for a place to call theirs. Faramir lead them through the woods, as the rain poured down upon them. Through the trees, he saw a building. He pointed and shouted, "That way, there seems to be a shelter." The others nodded under their cloaks. They slowly reached the abandoned building. It seemed to be in a condition to give them shelter for the duration of the storm. The wooden walls would keep out the elements, and they could set up their tents in there for further warmth, or if the roof leaked. They dismounted and lead the horses through the door. Inside seemed large enough for everyone, but water trickled through the roof in places. "At least it stops the wind and most of the rain." Éowyn said. Faramir nodded. "We should put up the tents." They all began to work together. Once the tents were up, they began cooking food for supper. Everyone had learned not to let Éowyn make anything, thought she claimed she was getting better at it. This did not stop every one of the others from making sure she was busy with something else while they prepared food. They took off their wet cloaks and hung them, or laid them out near the fire. Bowls were brought out and Damrod began to dish out food to everyone. They sat around the fire, feeling very grateful for the warmth and shelter from the storm. Outside, there was a flash of lightening and thunder shook the building. Some shivered a little, others just kept eating. Éowyn moved closer to Faramir. Damrod looked around at everyone, and decided to lighten the mood a little. "I think that we should tell stories." Damrod said. "Lord Faramir, would you do us the honor?" Faramir shock his head. "I do not feel up to the challenge tonight, might you Damrod?" He asked. Éowyn looked at him quizzically, but kept quiet. "I think I shall then." Damrod cleared his throat and began. "I do no know if this tale has any truth to it, but I was told it when I was just a lad. There once lived a maiden, who loved a young man. She had never said a word to this man about her feelings, but that did not stop her from considering him hers. Everyday, she would watch him, wondering why he did not notice her, then she happened to hear that her young man was engaged, to another girl. The maiden wept for days, not wanting to believe that her love would leave her so. Some say she died of a broken heart, but it is not certain what was the cause of her death. Though her body was laid to rest, her spirit was not. It followed her love, not wanting to give him up. She was kept away from his wedding, and insuring festivities. That, however, did not keep her away for long. The next night, she frightened her love's wife. She throw objects at her, taking out all of her pain on the poor wife. The man would not believe the stories he heard in the morning, since he never saw any of this. To calm his wife, he decided to stay awake one night, watching over her. The spirit was more clever than he, she stayed away that night. The next morning, he was called away after he told his wife of seeing nothing. She was afraid to be alone, though she was beginning to doubt what she had seen. So, that night, she did not fear her sleep. The spirit, who knew that her love was gone, and decided to torment the wife again. After a few nights of this attack, the wife decided to strike back. When the spirit came, she throw objects at her. This did nothing, though the spirit became even more enraged than she was. She took it on herself to hurl larger items at the wife." Damrod began to mime the throws. "Back and forth objects went, until finally, the wife asked the one thing she had never before. 'Why are you tormenting me so, oh spirit?' she cried." Damrod's voice rose with these words. "The spirit cried 'You stole my love!' and hurled a chair at the woman. It struck her, harming her. The spirit thought that the woman would take the warning and leave. Instead, the woman died. No one knew about her death, until her husband came back. He found her dead body and was distraught. The spirit appeared to him, and told him what she had done. He cursed her, so she turned on him. She hunted him, depriving him of any happiness he may have received." Damrod finished. The wind howled while everyone sat, silent. Beregond coughed, bringing everyone out of their retrieve. "Well, that was an interesting story. Thank you for telling it. I am going to retire for the night." He stood and walked to where he had pitched his tent and disappeared inside. Faramir decided it was time as well. He stood. "I think that I should retire as well." And he turned to his tent. Éowyn looked at him as he walked away. "Forgive me," she said, "I feel I should retire as well. Thank you for the story Damrod." "'Twas my pleasure, my lady." He said. Éowyn smiled and turned and went to her tent. She entered and saw Faramir sitting at the desk that had been set up, writing the events of the day down. One of the men out there would have to ride to Minas Tirith to deliver the letter to the King. Éowyn assumed that this would not happen everyday, considering the weather and the distance. He leaned back a little, and turned towards her. She sat down on the camp bed and looked at him. "Why did you not want to tell a story tonight?" She asked out right. Faramir had his reasons for not wanting to tell a story, though he did not wish to discuss them at the moment. "I am just tired tonight. And I like to hear stories as much as telling them." He said with a weary smile as he sat down next to her on the bed. "If you are tired, then I think that you should go to bed right away." She said with a sly smile as she pulled him into the bed with her. The storm stilled as the night wore on. The wind still howled through the building, but nothing more. The rain had stilled and only came down at times. The moon appeared from behind the clouds, bright and full, illuminating the forest. Faramir stirred in his sleep. He woke with a jolt. He could not remember what had made him awaken, but he could not return to sleep. This was not the first time in his life that this had happened, though it was the first since he had married Éowyn. Faramir lay wake, staring at the ceiling of his tent. He was about to fall back asleep; he thought he heard his name. No , he thought, it was probably just the wind . "Faramir." Someone, or something, whispered in the air. This time Faramir knew that he heard his name. He looked over at Éowyn, to see if she was the one who had said his name. She was asleep next to him. "Faramir." The voice called again. This time Faramir knew it was a voice. He grabbed some clothes and walked out of his tent. Looking around the camp, he saw no one. He was about to turn back when he heard it again, coming from the door of the building. Faramir walked to the door, and looked outside. It was at a time when the rain had stopped, and the moon was out. He could not see anyone out there, but the voice called again. He walked out into the night, hoping to find the source of the voice. He looked around, but did not see anyone. He was about to head back, when he saw something out of the corner of his eye. He looked in the direction and saw someone illuminated by what he assumed was the moonlight. He walked toward the figure, but it moved into the trees as he approached. Faramir followed, assuming this was the one who had been calling his name. The figure moved in and out of the trees, while Faramir was trying to know where it was going. The figure lead him into a clearing and disappeared. Faramir looked around, wondering where it had gone. "Faramir." This time it was behind. He turned and saw the figure. He could clearly see that it was a woman, her long black hair shown almost silver in the light. It was not the moonlight that illuminated her, but it seemed to come from within her. She was dressed in white and to Faramir she looked vaguely familiar. "Why did you call my name?" He asked. She laughed and Faramir knew why she seemed familiar. "Mother?" He asked. She nodded and smiled at him. "Yes, little one." Finduilas said with another smile. "Though, you are not so little anymore." "How can this be?" Faramir asked. He was completely bewildered by what was happening. "Do not ask how, only know that it is." She said. Emotions welled up inside Faramir. He wanted to ask so many questions, say so many things to, but words seemed to fail him. Finduilas just smiled again. "I have been so proud of you all your life, little one. I am sorry I could not have been there to see you grow into the man you have become." Faramir felt tears form behind his eyes. "I have missed you." He said. "I know, little one. I have missed you as well. There are so many things that I have wanted to say to you." She reached out her hand to try to touch him, but pulled back. This time her smile was sad. "I can not touch you. My time with you tonight is running thin. I will be back tomorrow night and as long as you stay here. Do not worry, I will be here again, little one." She moved back into the trees. Faramir wanted to follow, but stopped himself. He watched her disappear into the trees. He began to walk back to the shelter, wondering what he had just seen. In a daze he made his way back, and into his tent. Éowyn was still asleep. Faramir got back into bed, the same way he had left it. Éowyn rolled over and wrapped herself around him. He lay awake for a little, thinking before sleep over came him. The next day the rain returned again. It poured, making anything more than a few feet away from the door of the shelter invisible. Faramir decided against sending any letter to the King, thinking it better to keep everyone together. Éowyn had again been kept away from any food preparations, so she tended to the horses. Faramir was quiet most of the day, keeping to himself instead of talking to anyone. He left dinner early, not wanting to listen to anyone tell any stories.