Chapter one Warning I know this is not how it work IRL it is fanFICTICTION for a reason. Let's go with Percy is a play toy for the fates. I am a new author I don't own the characters this is an original spin off. Well yeah, my name is Percy Jackson. Before I was born, there was a woman, she lived in New York and was one of the most beautiful, intelligent, and kind mortals ever to be seen by the gods. So much so the big three decided to break their oath for a new one. They agreed each one was allowed to choose a woman every twenty years to have a child with. Needless to say the doctor was a little bit surprised the single mother was carrying a child with not only the genes of a single other man, but three. Apparently the fates decided to have a little fun. Today, the boy who was deathly pale, had raven hair, and an electric blue and sea green eye was turning five. His mother the nicest woman alive. His father? He didn't know. But today, Percy's perfect life with the perfect mother was about to end. Yes I may have had a rough childhood, waking up with snakes in my crib, having a teacher try to kill me, twice, in the third grade this really ugly PE teach even tried to eat me. She was giant, and only had one eye. But today marked the fifth year that I had been alive, usually on August 18th my mom makes a nice cake, brings home candy, and gives me a toy. But sadly Today was different. I got a stinky man that my mom keeps calling my "Step-father". She seems to hate him so I have no clue why she lets him stay here. Time skip month I have been going to school everyday and it is the only time I get to be away from Gabe. He smokes cigarettes more than I drink water and drinks alcohol twice as much. I don't know why but my mother seems afraid of him, she gets him what he wants and does what he says. Everything was fine, Gabe didn't talk to me I didn't look at him we didn't have a bad relationship, I just didn't like him. That is until today. I was a genius. School wise anyway. My teachers said I was like Einstein in the books but like a tree stump when it came to the real world or people. I was in eighth grade. Yes surprising, but I had tested out all the way from kindergarten. I was in the eighth grade New York State spelling bee and I won. What I got was a picture with the governor and a trophy as tall as me. That is not saying much though, I weigh thirty three pounds and am three feet tall. Yeah I was short and everyone knew it. Especially the bullies in my school. I am a genius yes but I also have one of the most severe cases of ADHD the doctor has ever seen. I used to have dyslexia but after learning to read and write at age three I devoted all my time to overcome it. I know read at about 500 words a minute with 99% comprehension. So I get teased and punched at school I told Gabe about it and he spoke to me for the first time in a month and said "it is because you are a weak little bitch." I looked away and he picked me up by the collar and dragged me to my room. I could see he was drunk, the redness in his face and there was a maniacal fire in his eyes. He shoved me hard to the ground. I hit the pine floors with a thud and stood up rubbing my hurt arm. I looked at the time and thought to myself "three, five hours until mom gets home." I looked back at Gabe and he forcefully pushed me and I went flying, I crashed through my state spelling bee trophy and started to cry, sadness from the loss of my first place trophy and pain as the plastic had been broken in half to a point and was sticking through my stomach missing any organs. I looked up in fear and let tears fall as I saw Gabe standing over me with dark eyes as he said "You little bitch, I will make you strong!" He roared in laughter and pulled me to my feet, he took my shirt which had a hole and blood stain and threw it in the trash bin in my room, my feeble body I knew could not stand up to him as he pushed my head to the corner of the room. My back was facing him and I grimaced as he cracked his belt. He struck forcefully breaking the skin, there was a trickle of blood and a long rectangle of Crimson where he had bashed me with his heavy leather belt. He laughed like a crazed person and stopped saying "Tell your mother and I will slice your throat and throw you in the river." And he continued to whip after he finished speaking. Over one hundred whips later I lost count as the pain was so unbearable I might have blacked out. As I woke up it was seven in the evening and Gabe was gone. I looked around and tried to stand but I couldn't. I waited and moved around. After a while I stood and hobbled to my mirror in the bathroom and looked at my back. I gasped in disbelief at the massive patch of black, blue and green that covered my entire back. Now I am skinny but I was surprised I had not had bruising on the front of my body because of the size and severity of it. I went to my bed and tucked used into the covers, I laid on my back as to not let my mother know what happened. But that was not the last time Gabe had tortured my, not by far. And that wasn't even the worst abuse he gave me. Time skip three years Gabe had abused me so much I had massive scars from where he poured scalding water on me, cut me, where he Impales me with my trophy, and when he crushed beer cans and bottles on me. He had kept it a secret by only torturing me when my mother wasn't home, telling me he would kill me if I told, and only hurting me where jeans and a long sleeved shirt would cover it. And that is all I wore. To hide the pain. Today was my eighth birthday, I had been abused by my step father over the past three years to the point I avoided almost all other people. I tried to do as many clubs and academics as possible and avoided anything where I had to change clothes. Because of me being tortured I put on a happy smile to keep people thinking nothing was wrong but as soon as I got home I knew what would happen. I took out the lunch money my mom gave me every day and handed it to Gabe. I tell my mom I eat breakfast at school because that is what Gabe told me to say. He told me I am aloud one plate at dinner and that is it. Due to this I was about as skinny as possible. If I was naked you could see almost every bone and vein under my skin. Which due to the little sunlight I get is whiter than snow. Although I am skin and bones I am taller than most eight year olds, a staggering four foot nine inches tall which is extremely rare for my age. It was three and I walked to my room and took of my shirt emotionlessly. Gabe told me that for my birthday I would get something special. I turned around and grimaced at the sight. He held in his hand a ten foot bull whip. I ran to the corner knowingly because if I made him wait it would cause more trouble. After the pain of five hard cracks breaking my skin I heard a blood reaching scream. We both turned me a little slower due to the pain and I was surprised to see my mother standing in the doorway. In her hand was a bag full of blue candies that I loved. She had a fight with Gabe wether blue foods exist and Gabe claimed they didn't so every chance she got she makes blue everything. He gasped and she ran up to him and punched him in the face. Because of her dainty figure it didn't due much but it made me glad as she ran over to look at me. She started crying and said "Gods Percy what has he done to you?!" I was confused as to why she said gods plural but that went away as she hugged me and started muttering "I'm so sorry Percy... I should have been there. I should have..." Her words were cut short as a loud "boom!" Could be heard coming from where Gabe was standing. My eyes grew in shock as my mothers grip loosened around me and I realized what had just taken place. I looked in horror to see a gapping hole in the back of my mother's head. I looked to see Gabe shakily holding a revolver he dropped it and put his hands over his eyes and shouted "Shit I accidentally shot the bitch. Fuck!" My anger welled to an invariable state. I die to the place the side arm fell to and picked it up. I heard my mother's body fall to where I was and cringed at the noise. I cocked the pin and turned off the safety pointing the silver Smith a Wesson towards my stepfather's face he hadn't even acknowledged me grabbing it when I let my finger pull the trigger ending his life. I ran to the shower to wash my mother's blood off me. I got out quickly and put on new clothes and knew I had to leave. I put some food in a bag and silently said goodbye to my mother and ran. I don't know for how long but I ended up at the edge of a forest. I gave a small sad smile and decided this would be my home. Because I didn't have one of those anymore or a family. I had ready plenty of wilderness survival books and even took classes over last summer to get away from Gabe I thought to myself "How hard could it be?" Time skip two years Today was brisk, I assume it is somewhere between summer and fall because of the weather. I had just woken up and stepped out of my home. I had built a wood shelter similar to a cabin or shack. I looked around and then decided to go on a walk. I got to the creek and giggled at the reflection I saw. The boy was wearing leather and fur clothes he made himself, he was deathly white no matter how much time he has spent in the woods the past two years, he was dirty even though he bathed in the creek and the last thing I noticed was I needed a haircut. I bent down and took a sip of the cold spring water but shot to my feet as I heard something coming towards me. I drew the long bow I had carved from a tree and put my more or less straight arrow notched waiting to be shot. I waited and waited but the stopping just got louder. At this point I could tell it was not a creature from the forest so