Chapter One Time Three years after Defeating of Gaea I had left camp for a year to prove to Athena I was worthy of Annabeth and getting her approval of her daughter and I's wedding. I had slain every monster and done every quest of the legendary and ancient demigods. I had already done quite a few but I wanted to prove myself. I had finally returned straight to Olympus and showed her the past year of my life and the trials. She smiled in acceptance of me and agreed to me marrying Annabeth. I pulled out and showed her the ring I crafted with Hephaestus. It was twenty-four Karat gold with a large, perfect gray diamond. Next to it was a sea green emerald. I had it inscribed to say "Seaweed Brain and wise girl forever" She wiped a tear from her eye and nodded. "I approve of you wedding my daughter, but break her heart and you will wish you had died." I grinned back and ran out of Olympus and vapor traveled to Camp. Luckily, since the last war, I had practiced a lot I had learned a many different uses for my powers. I even learned how to make things like wings from water and travel by changing my body into water and transporting the vapor to my destination. I got to camp and smiled despite the glares I was receiving from campers. I walked to the place Annabeth and I always made out to get ready for the proposal. I got to the beach and froze at what I saw. In front of me was a boy with peppered blonde hair shirtless being pushed into the sand, straddled, and kissed. Normally, me seeing teens eating each other's faces at camp or in general, wouldn't bother me in the slightest. But this wasn't normal. On top of the obvious son of Zeus was my girlfriend, Annabeth Chase. I let an growl of anger escape my throat and spoke in a strained irritated voice "The fuck is going on here?" The two jumped at the interruption and stood turning towards me nervous at being caught. "P-Percy?" Annabeth stuttered. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?" I screamed. I saw the eighteenish looking kid puff out his chest and he walked up to me strutting and tried to intimidate me by getting up in my face. It didn't work. He was probably five eleven and overly muscular obviously on some steroids but I stood a strong six foot two and had a swimmer's body with tight, flexible muscles which have killed countless monsters. He didn't back down though and said "Don't raise your voice at my girl... You?" He didn't know my name. But I glared. "The name is Perseus Jackson. Savior, and Hero of Olympus. Who the fuck did you just call Your Girl?" He grinned and pointed "Annabeth Chase, her and me been dating and more since the day I got to camp, I arrived a month after some weak ass son of Poseidon watched some evil dude kill Kronos and take credit for it." I looked to Annabeth who was still unmoving realizing what is going down. "Percy p-please. I thought you left me again." I stopped her before I got even more. "Annabeth... I jumped into Tartarus because I loved you so much yet you were cheating on me the entire time. You didn't even tell me when I got back. SO YOU CONTINUED CHEATING AFTER WE GOT BACK TOGETHER AFTER HERA KIDNAPPED ME!?" I looked at her, expecting her to cry in regret of her actions, but instead she spat at my feet "I... I stopped loving you after I found out that Rachel kissed you and you were on Calypso's island. Actually... No, I never loved you. You are just an idiot who was the best hero to the gods so I pretended to love you... but I love Chase!" My heart snapped and my soul felt like it was being burnt into billions of pieces so I faught my tears and yelled "FINE KEEP THIS THEN!" I pulled out the engagement rings and threw them at her feet. "Hey, I told you not to raise your voice at my girlfriend." I went to turn and leave then I felt danger from behind me. I ducked and knocked the Gladius out of Chase's hand. "Huh I guess you aren't a complete Perseass, but I'm gonna kill you for raising your voice at her and hitting me in the hand!" I looked at the kid in awe he was really an overbearing ass. I have no clue why Annabeth likes him. He charged at me without a weapon and I didn't need mine to deal with him anyway. As he got close he threw a slow and sloppy punch I just blocked. He threw about three more before I got bored and grabbed his right fist and shoulder and pushed I heard a satisfying snap and felt his shoulder break. He fell to the ground crying and I walked away tears running down my face hands in my pocket and I didn't notice the beginnings of a storm in the sky. I spent the next three days in my room crying and screaming without seeing a soul or eating or sleeping. I finally snapped out of it when fourteen flashes appeared in the Poseidon cabin staring at me. I was facing down in my bed, my eyes completely red and empty of tears. "Perseus!" I heard. I lazily looked over my shoulder, shocked as I saw the Olympian council. I immediately stood and bowed slightly, saying with a torn throat "L-Lord Zeus, What do I owe the pleasure of being in the presence of the council today?" I saw most just look at me in shock but then my dad spoke. "Percy, have you looked outside the past three days?" I shook my head softly and replied. "I have been in here the past few days trying to recuperate." I got a few looks of question especially Athena and Dad said "Look outside Percy," I went to the door and opened it before it was slammed shut by massive winds and rain that felt like bullets. "Whats up with the weather?" I ask my dad and he face palmed "Son, YOU are the one causing it!" I looked at him in shock. "OH" I replied smartly. "What has been messing with your emotions so strongly it can cause a hurricane the size of Antarctica over New York?" asked Hestia in a soft calm voice. "I can answer that." Spoke the love goddess. Everyone looked at her in surprise, myself included and she said "Percy had a love stronger than any other this world has ever seen. It was stronger and could have out lived us, gods. It was built up for almost nine whole years and that Athena spawn destroyed it in ONE FUCKING MINUTE!" She swore so loudly and with so much anger all of the council flinched. "Wait, what do you mean Annabeth ruined Percy's love?" asked the stormy eyed pissed off goddess. "She has not loved Percy! She cheated on him and played him, using him to make her more popular, famous, and liked by us and the other demigods! He loved her to his very soul and she USED HIM! She never had any emotion and I never knew because of how powerful Percy's love was it blocked me from viewing her's!" She was on her knees crying and shaking for some reason. Hestia ran to her side "Aphrodite, what is wrong?" She looked up with teary eyes and said "Every time love breaks I feel physical pain. This broken love is so strong it would cause a minor god to fade merely from they agony. It feels like I am being melted in a pit of metal thaks to what she did to him and the emotional pain he has." She spoke, shocking everyone. Then they turned to me and I just nodded sadly and my dad and Hestia hugged me warmly and I hugged back. My dad stepped back allowing Hestia to comfort me and I cried into her shoulder and let out every pent up emotion I have had since becoming a demigod. After I pulled away she smiled at me and I smiled sadly back and said "Thank you." She nodded and Zeus opened the door to reveal a cloudless sky with a sun in the middle. I looked at the gods and nodded to them when Zeus spoke. "Perseus, I speak for the council when I say, you have done more for us than most great heroes combined and whenever we try to give you godhood you simply use our gift to help others rather than yourself. Because of that we decided as a council to each give you our blessing." I sniffled away my past saddness and said "Thank you all." I sure as hell couldn't deny them blessing me with a gift... again First was Zeus chanting "You now have powers over the sky, weather, justice, theatrics, order, and lightning. You may fly and travel in and fly in the sky all you like. You can control lightning, fly, control wind, and lots of other stuff. I also would like you to know two things. You are my favorite demigod, and I know why you broke my youngest son's arm. Don't let him get into your head. My children's fatal flaw is arrogance and lust for power. Good luck." I bowed and he flashed away. Then came Hades "You have power over souls, darkness, the underworld, the dead, and shadows. You may always enter my domain as you please and enter my palace if you wish. You can shadow travel and use Stygian Iron. You are my favorite nephew, the best warrior the world has ever seen, and a fine young man." I nodded my thanks and he flashed away. Next came my dad smiling and said "I am sorry my blessing cannot give you much more than a power boost in your powers. You will be as powerful as Triton in the dessert and as powerful as me controlling water in the sea or ocean. You know where you are in the world just by using water around you, you can feel the water in the air, and you can create and control bigger storms and waves. I also give you a skill not a single one of my children have ever received, ice control. Also, your earth control powers should be enough to control rock like water. You are my favorite son, and I am proud of you." I grinned and we shared a hug. Hera appeared in front of me and put a hand on my shoulder "I would first like to apologize for my actions against you, kidnapping you, hating you, erasing your memory, and making your life difficult. I give you the blessing of family, home, marriage, children, married women, and loyalty. You have the power to read minds of those of the same mental power level as you or lower." I bowed as she left grinning. Dionysus was next "You now the have the power of wine, parties, madness, Theatre, vegetation, and general good times. You can no longer be mentally ill, insane, or mad, in any way except ADHD. You can look at someone and drive them completely insane, you can act perfectly, you can throw hella good parties, you always know how to have fun, you know any and every wine by the name, smell taste, or look. You can control plants too. I don't hate you. Good job Perce." He nodded and flashed away as I bowed. Hermes was next " You now have the blessing of travel, mischief, thieves, speed, stealth, commerce, and language. You can move at the speed of the sound, but it takes a lot of energy. You turned my son into