I am sorry guys, I have been meaning to update and write more, but I just moved into a new house and haven't had much time. This is a new original story and I don't but want to know what you all think about it. I love reviews, Plz enjoy JPG My name is Perseus Jackson, when I was three I was adopted by some horrid people, their names were Amphitrite and Gabe. They had a child named Triton who today was six and a son Tyson who was two when I was adopted. I don't know my real parents or my lineage but I do know one thing, I hate my step parents. The only reason I haven't run away are my brothers. I love him like he was my true brother and he thinks I actually am his brother. Also, Triton is a great older brother and has cared about me since I moved in. I was abused by both parents until I turned sixteen and they couldn't catch up to me because I could run away fast enough. They gave me multiple mental and physical scars that I remember even today. School was not any better. I got mostly all B's and C's but I had straight A's in P.E, mythology, economics, and my foreign languages. I tested out of and am fluent in Greek, Latin, Spanish, French, and Chinese. but Ever since Pre-school I have been bullied because I have severe Dyslexia and ADHD so I can't read English correctly so I was made fun of for years. I had no relationships through out High school and have only relied on Tyson and his girlfriend Ella for any support when it comes to friends. It's August, fifteen years after I moved in with my abusive step family and the only place I found refuge was swim team in my freshman year. I joined the swim team and scared the coach and my teammates with my scar riddled torso but I went on to be a school champion, then district, then region, then New York state, then All American swim champion, leader in the nation. Today I am a national level junior Olympic swimmer. I trained under Michael Phelps until I could beat him without even warming up. But because I am only seventeen and I only started to swim a few years ago, I couldn't compete in the last Olympics. I plan to compete in the ones this coming year but I plan to destroy all records of my teacher and his great record of a ton of medals to show I don't need my families support to succeed. It is mid-August and I was meeting the head master to Goode University for the gifted and talented about a full scholarship for swimming because Gabe and Amphitrite will not help me at all for my tuition. Goode is a really expensive and a really famous school that I would never have dreamed of getting accepted to before swimming. But I do have great SAT and ACT score despite my grades in most of my classes. That takes me to today. "Perseus Jackson" I walked into the office and shook the man's hand. He gave me a smile and I returned it. We both sat and he said "I am the head minister of the school. My name is Paul Blofis. It is a pleasure to meet the fish of New York in the flesh." I smiled at the man and he chuckled "Here is the deal Perse-" "Percy" He grinned and nodded "So Percy, Goode would like to offer you a scholarship to our school on two conditions" I nodded vigorously and he continued. "First is you should compete for our school's swim team." Duh I thought. "And you should decide your education pathway and put them down here." I smiled and said "I plan to get my doctorate sir." He recoiled in surprise and asked "W-What?" I grinned and said "Doctor of Philosophy of Marine Biology and Doctore of Business administration." He looked at me in bewilderment then smiled and nodded agreeing to our terms. We shook on it and we both signed probably ten papers before he handed me a sweatshirt that said "Goode Tiger sharks" The mascot of the school was a fierce looking shark and I gladly accepted the black hoodie with sea green lettering which matched my eyes and he said "I would love to see you around when school starts. If you would like, you can move into your dorm now. You are staying in dorm three with a Grover Underwood." I smiled and thanked him as he tossed me a key that had a number three on it. As I walked out of the building I shouted to the heavens "YYYES!" I had wanted to go here since I toured campus when I was sixteen and I instantly loved everything about the school. Even if it was in the middle of Manhattan the campus was massive and had many trees and had beautiful grass. This school was only bested by Princeton, Yale, and Harvard when it came to popularity and academic level. I heard it was the best school in the world for business, architecture, and science, that is why I chose it. When I was nine I toured an aquarium and fell in love with aquatics. When I was thirteen I found out the password to Gabe's laptop, he had a page of numbers open which I later realized was the money of his appliance store and it was invested in different companies in stocks. Even though I was young, after studying I perfectly understood them and it clicked. I have been using his laptop once every three months and changing where he puts his money and investing them in other places and it just clicked for me. Gabe thought he was a genius, my abusive parents had more money to blow on beer, drugs, and other useless stuff, and they paid less attention to me. A great idea if I've ever had one. All of these thoughts ran through my head as I hopped into the 2014 deep sea blue Prius' leather seat and started the engine. I bought the old model with the money I spent ten years collecting to buy a car after I got my driver's license with Triton. I drove point three miles and saw the dorm building. It was fucking massive! Yeah, I am not afraid to admit it, my step parents were poor. So poor in fact when I see a penny on the ground I pick it up and it makes my day. I walked into the building and gave the lady in front my id and she scanned it before the door slid open and I walked into the elevator. I pressed floor three and swiped my key again. As the elevator rose and finally dinged signifying the floor I walked around the hall before stopping at door twenty one, knocking then opening the door with my key. I walked in and was hit by the smell of a weird combination. Enchiladas and fresh cut grass. I smiled at the guy who was laying on his twin bed on the bottom of the bunk and he grinned at me and stood to shake my hand. I smiled and he said "Grover. Grover Underwood. Heir of the Cargill business." My mouth dropped and I said "Holy crap! Dude isn't that the like the biggest private owned business at all in the world? Basically a monopoly on Ag?" He grinned nodding and said "You know a lot more than I thought you would about my family business. Mr. American swim Champion." I grinned and said "Call me Percy." He nodded and said "Hope you don't mind the top bunk, I claimed the bottom one already." I grinned and chucked my bag up on my bed and said "I'm going to go explore campus, see you, dude." He waved and I went back downstairs and then started walk towards my old home. Tyson asked me to come home today because we would both be leaving for college and it wasn't much of a walk. Twenty minutes and I opened the front door. I locked it then turned around to be surprised by Tyson, Triton, and Ella jumping out and screaming "HAPPY EIGHTEENTH BIRTHDAY PERCY!" I smiled at my family and thanked them profusely before we moved to the kitchen and we shared a blue cake. My adoptive parents were cruel and beat me when I said blue foods didn't exist. I smiled as we ate and then Tyson said "Time for Presents Big Brother!" A note about Tyson, he has a mental Disease where he always spoke like a little boy. He could read, write, and think normal but can't speak. Because of that, Amphitriteite and Gabe treated him like the most precious child like he would break if they even raised their voices at their little boy. I smiled as he handed me a hastily wrapped blue box and said "Ella and I wanted you to keep for birthdate." I smiled and opened the box to reveal a thick string with a sand dollar on it. I smiled and put on the necklace before wrapping the pair in a hug. After I was put down by Tyson he smiled then Triton cleared his throat and checked his phone saying "I will give it to you... after cake, It is a surprise." I just nodded not knowing what he was going to give me. I waited until after the two love birds left the turned to Triton. He had a serious face so I asked "What's up bro?" He smiled sadly and took out a red Mahogany box then handed it to me and said "This is the first part of my gift." I opened it and almost dropped it as I read the inscription. " Dearest son, I am writing this to you as a reminder that I will always love you and if you are receiving this, it is your eighteenth birthday and you have become a truly great man- Love Dad " I was in tears by the end so Triton said The next one was supposed to be for you twenty first from your dad, but I will tell you now... Percy, your parents, they were both great people, your dad owned a company... So did your mother. The two largest in the world. They each owned ninety percent of their respective companies and well... You should get the door. They can explain it better." I was confused until I opened the door to be met by three men. "Hello Perseus, I am your head of security Pelus," "I am your Personal trainer Ares," "I am Zeus, Your uncle and head of the biggest Law organization in the world. Billionaire." I stepped back in surprise and said "U-Uncle?!" He nodded and said "Nephew, I would like to inform you, after we take you to my court and you sign the papers, you will receive your parents' will that activated the day you turned eighteen, today." I nodded and Pelus said "Please come this way." I followed them out the door and was surprised to find a massive stretch Limousine. I hopped into the back and thanked the butler named Alfred. I sat down and gawked in surprise at the inside. The three men slid in the back and sat across from me. Zeus was the first to break the silence and he said "Percy, Your parents left you everything when they died over fourteen years ago, their Yacht sank in the Pacific Ocean and left you an orphan. You were adopted by those vile people before my wife and I could get to you. Your parents left everything to you. Their estates, companies, positions as CEOs, heck you are to receive every bond, stock and your parents saving