Hey guys, this is just a new idea tell me if you like it! Thanks for reading I opened my eyes and looked around in the emptiness. I didn't know where I was or what I am. I looked down to see my body, I was about six foot five with a strong swimmers body. I was confused about why I was naked or who I was. "Percy. You are powerful, you will meet your baby sister soon. This is your life, you are immortal. So teach your sister how to control her powers then use yours and hers to create something great... Son." With that, I was left more confused than before. What powers? How am I powerful? What sister? A bright flash appeared and a girl about five years old with pure white hair and radiant black eyes with flecks of colors and white swirling. We looked at each other and she smiled. I couldn't help but smile back and said "My name is Percy, What is yours?" "My name is Chaos. Well, at least that is what this voice in my head said. He also said you are my big brother." I smiled and wrapped her in a hug and said "Hey little sis." She hugged me back and after a few seconds we both pulled back and I said "So do you know what powers we have?" she shrugged and said "I guess we could just practice until we find out." I nodded and we tried over and over trying to find out what we can do. My little sister can create anything she imagines and can teleport by thinking about where she wants to go. I can control all matter and elements. I can also teleport but I can flash, shadow, light, vapor, water, flame, electric, and even rock travel. I bleed platinum whereas my little sister bleeds gold for some reason. She has small white angel wings that are almost impenetrable. Mine pair of wings are clear dark green crystal-like dragon wings. My wingspan is fourteen feet and the wings themselves are on top are scales and have a hard feel. Beneath the scales are phoenix-like feathers that are the same clear crystal. My sister can morph into any plant or animal, but I can change any part of my body into any creature and can change into the form of other mystical beings like a Dragon, Phoenix, Pegasus, or even different monsters. I can also change into normal animals but not plants. I can control magic, the mist and many other things like time and space, she has made changes the space that we are currently living in. We don't know how but we both have in-depth knowledge of languages, math, science, and other things but we don't have any memories before the day we met. I can change matter that she creates and can alter atoms where she can make them out of nothing. We both have a mastery of every single weapon, guns, swords, bow and arrow, even bare hands. We know many types of martial arts and our senses are great. Both of us have reflexes which can allow us to dodge bullets like they were in slow motion. I know every type of plant and its effect on the body. I am skilled in healing and fighting but also magic and controlling the elements.(Shocking Chaos awake with lightning is hilarious) After a while of not knowing what I look like, Chaos made a mirror and showed me what I looked like. I have dark sea green eyes and my iris are similar to her eye, black with swirls of white and different colors. I had a pointed strong jaw and black hair which was untamed and essy. it is shorter on the side but is long and silky on top. I smiled and found I had straight teeth the color of snow. I grinned crookedly. "Dang sis I think I am hot eh?" She just shook her head and smiled "I think you look like an idiot." I smiled back and said "That is no way to talk to people young lady. I think you deserve to be put in time out." she froze and her eyes widened. It has been about five years since we had met and it has been a geat time except Chaos can get a little annoying sometimes so if she ever annoys me or does something bad like steal a piece of my candy I put her in a time out. You may think what's wrong with that? Well, my little sister has Trypophobia, so I dig a hole outside our house she created and stick her in it for about an hour. "No. Percyyyyyyy. I'm bored." I sighed and nodded "Me too sis, what do you want to do?" She popped up and said "I want to make something big." I thought about what she had said and then something clicked in my head and I smiled. "Hey chaos, I have something, but this will take all of your power and you will be passed out for awhile, maybe even a couple of years. But it will pay off if you do it." She looked at me confused but then nodded "I trust you, what do I need to do?" We walked outside and I turned the house she made into oxygen which we found out is the thing we need to breathe in our animal forms. She looked at me confused then I said "Focus on your power and I will enter your mind and tell you what to do." She closed her eyes and I used my power over telepathy and I said "Look into your being, your well of power, reach deep and feel the pull in your gut. feel for a string and pull on it. When you have a grip, grab it and pour all of your strength and power into that and you will create something, imagine colors, worlds, weather, stars, suns, planets, even oceans lakes. See it in your mind and create it." When I said create it, she snapped her eyes open and an explosion happened. it was so strong I was blown back I don't know ow far back. I was lost but when I opened my eyes tears came out as I saw what she had created. I looked around and I saw planets with water, storms, and water. I smiled but then realized I didn't know where I was or where my sister went. I let my senses take over and I realized how much power she had actually put into this, There were billions of galaxies and I couldn't count that many planets. I smiled at what we had done then realized I could sense only about half of the universe but it just kept growing. I decided to do what my sister did only make life on the planets so I don't destroy what she did. Plus when she did wake up there would be plenty of people to have fun with her so she didn't get bored. I grabbed the power in my soul and focussed my senses to all of the created universe and pulled, turning the elements on each planet into life. I smiled but knew I wasn't done. Just doing that took half my strength but I knew I couldn't just finish half-assed. I reached out and found a suitable planet and put on the planet, beings that control everything, they each hold domains so I decided to call them primordials. I smiled at what they would become and create as rulers whilst I watched. I now had about one fourth of my overall power left to use and I knew if I did use it I would pass out but I shrugged it off and created two deities of equal massive growing power. I looked at the two dragons who were exact opposites, one black with pearl white eyes and a white dragon with black eyes. I smiled and said "You two are my sons, I would like to name you Shernag and Biyaku." I looked at the two dragons and the bowed. I smiled at them and said "You two are the representations of the universes good and evil. You are both immortal but will keep the other in check whilst I am gone. I am about to fall asleep so go my sons and protect my sister and I's creation." They both bowed and said "Yes father." in sync and flew away. I smiled and summoned three more immortals on earth, the planet I created the primordials on. They were the three fates and would control what happens to the living creatures around the universe. I smiled but then frowned as I watched my vision go black and knew I pushed my limits. "Chaos I will find you when I wake up." with that thought I embraced darkness allowing my body to take upon a hibernation-like state. As I opened my eyes I used my powers to do a search. I almost fell over whilst floating in the middle of space as from what I could tell the universe my sister and I made had quadrupled. I smiled at how many planets had complex and intellegent beings. I looked at where Earth was and was shocked to see that there were signatures of hundreds of different immortals. I smiled and decided to look for my sons. I flew around the universe searching for strong power signatures. after a week of searching, I found a volcanic planet and I flew down to the surface. As I got there I saw the two dragons fighting, decimating the surface. At the moment Biyaku was winning and seemed to be larger. I frowned at the black dragon knowing that he was more powerful because there is more good then bad in the universe. I sighed heavily before walking up to them and shouting "The hell are you boys doing? Stop this before I have to ground you both!" I heard a strong dark voice speak "Who dare interrupt a battle betwee-..." I smiled and was tackled by two massive dragons who both screamed "Dad." I smiled at them questioning why they were so large and fighting. "Dad why is it you are naked?" Asked Shernag the dragon representing all good and I looked down to see myself fully nude infront of my two sons. I flushed and covered my manhood but my hands weren't blocking anything so I used the air to change the atoms into clothes. I dressed hurredly and looked back to my sons. "Why were you two fighting?" They looked at each other and Biyaku replied "We have been clashing since ancient times when we first met you father." I nodded. "You boys have grown vastly since I saw you last, you were just whelps. I can feel your intelligence and power now." "Father, how long do you think it has been?" Asked Shernag I shrugged and replied "A couple years." they both looked at me shocked. "Father it has been about thirteen point seven billion years since we last saw you." I fell on my butt at what he said. I looked at them hoping it wasn't true but I could tell they weren't lying. I put my hand to my head and asked "Sons, may I check your memories to see all of what has happened to my creations?" They looked at me confuse and Shernag asked "What do you mean creations father?" I smiled and said "I was the one who created life son." They both stared at me wide eyed and nodded. I looked through their memories. Because of their domains, they know every single good or evil thing ever done in this universe. I looked through Biyaku's memories and saw everything, murder, rape, lies, cheating, stealing, wars, battles, death, and so many more things that showed how terrible