I do not own THG. This chapter is dedicated to my wonderful beta, safe-always-real. Thank you Kerin! He flips her over him so that she is now straddling him. "I want to see you ride me," he pants. She whimpers in response as she slowly guides his cock into her, relishing in the way he feels inside her. Placing her hands on his chest to gain balance, she starts to roll her hips against him. In return, his hands reach out to cup her ass. "Yes. Just like that, Regina," he encourages. She throws her head back in ecstasy when his fingers find her clit, rubbing it with just the right pressure to send jolts of pleasure through her body. She can hardly concentrate on riding him anymore. Before long, she can feel it. She's almost there, the tension gathering at her core threatening to uncoil with just a few more strokes of his touch. She digs her nails into his chest. She tries to warn him. "Vincent, I— "KATNISS!" a voice shouts in her ear. Katniss jumps a little at the sudden intrusion before swivelling her chair around to meet the voice's owner. Prim stands before her, a playful smile on her lips. "Shit, Prim . You scared me," Katniss tells her sister. "You should've kno— "I did knock, Katniss," Prim interrupts her. "But apparently you were so occupied that you didn't notice me, so I thought I'd let myself in," she smirks. Katniss smiles. "Well, I'm not occupied now. Anything you want to tell me?" She adjusts herself slightly, rotating her chair a little more to the left, hoping it will keep Prim from seeing the contents on the screen. "Dinner's almost ready. Daddy sent me upstairs to tell you. Watcha reading, Katniss?" she asks curiously. Prim tiptoes to get a better look, but Katniss is quicker. She stands up from her seat and stops her sister from coming any closer. "Nothing interesting, really," she replies, frantically trying to make up something believable. She says the first thing that comes to her mind. "College entrance essays! I mean, I'm reading examples of college entrance essays." "Wow, you're so hardworking, Katniss," Prim remarks, a look of awe on her face. "School has barely started and you're already reading college entrance essays!" Katniss feels guilty. "Um, yes." She clears her throat. "You go ahead, Prim. I'll come down as soon as I'm done." Only when her sister's footsteps fade down the stairs does Katniss feel reassured to go back to her desk. "College entrance essays." She laughs at her lame excuse as she reads through the rest of the smutty story. College entrance essays indeed. The strong smell of lamb wafts into her nose before Katniss even reaches the kitchen. She recognizes the familiar and comforting smell, and is pleasantly surprised. Lamb stew. Her family is preparing dinner in the kitchen. Prim bustles around the kitchen, taking three soup bowls from a cabinet before grabbing spoons from another drawer. She nudges the drawer closed with a swing of her hips, giggling at the sound of the utensils rattling together inside the drawer. Katniss can't help but smile at Prim's antics; she never knows why Prim finds this so entertaining, despite the fact that she has been doing it for years. Her father is in another corner of the kitchen. Eric Everdeen stirs the pot of lamb stew, stopping to sample it with a small spoon. Apparently the stew is satisfactory, because Katniss sees him nod in approval. He gives it a few final stirs and switches off the stove. Katniss hurries to put the trivets on the dining table. Her father sets down the pot of lamb stew and she inhales deeply. "It smells heavenly , Dad." "Wait until you taste it," her father grins. "Let's eat!" Prim starts ladling a bowl with stew. She gives it to her father, and then ladles a second bowl. Katniss notices that this bowl has a bigger serving than her father's. "This is yours, Katniss. I know how much you love lamb stew," Prim winks. She slides the bowl in front of Katniss. "Shh, don't let Daddy know I gave you a bigger portion," she says in a loud voice that suggests quite otherwise. "Hey! That's unfair," their father plays along. "I demand that I get a bigger serving! After all, I'm the one who cooked this." The sisters laugh at their father's attempt to pout. "Katniss, look! That's exactly what you look like when you pout," Prim teases. Katniss rolls her eyes. "I don't pout, Prim. That's you . You and Dad look like twins when you pout." "Nonsense. Everyone says I look like Mum…" Prim falters at the last word. "…my…" The atmosphere at the dining table has gone from light-hearted to uneasy at the slightest mention of their mother. Nobody says a word. Katniss eyes her father warily. His face is blank. Prim fakes a cough. "Better start eating now, the stew is getting cold," she says nervously. The next fifteen minutes or so are filled with the occasional clinking of spoon against bowl, slurping noises and the sound of Prim chewing her meat. Her father decides to break the silence. "How is school so far, Primmy?" Prim looks up, shocked. She swallows whatever food inside her mouth before replying. " Primmy ? Daddy, I'm fourteen, not four. I'm a freshman already!" She states proudly. "You don't go around calling Katniss 'Katty', do you? Call me Prim, okay?" She doesn't wait for her father to answer. She continues to chirp on. "Oh, high school is fun! Everyone is so wonderful and friendly to me. I've made lots of friends!" She turns to Katniss. "I don't understand why you say high school is a horrible place." Katniss shrugs unimpressively. "I'm only speaking from experience. It's just the beginning. You just wait until the excitement down, and then you'll see." "You're wrong," Prim says simply. Kind Prim. Sweet Prim. Always so trusting and ever the optimist. ' I really hope I'm wrong' , Katniss thinks. ' I really hope your high school experience will be better and more enjoyable than mine. I really hope you find true friends who will stick with you no matter what. I really hope you find a nice guy that won't treat you like trash, even though I can't see why anyone would do that to you.' She doesn't say these things out loud, of course. Katniss isn't one who says mushy things openly, unlike Prim. Instead, she tells her father, "this stew is really good, Dad. It tastes even better than the last one. Are you using a new recipe?" "Yep, thanks to Effie! She knows lamb stew is your favorite dish, so she emailed me this recipe she got from The Caesar Flickerman Show. She'll be glad to know that you like it." Katniss' expression turns stony at the mention of Effie's name. "Effie? You're still keeping in touch with that woman ?" she asks, feeling displeased. She hopes her father will say no; that Effie sent him an email by mistake, or whatever stupid reasons that woman always gives, in her equally stupid-sounding voice. Her father doesn't reply, but judging from the way he refuses to meet her gaze and the slight scraping noises his prosthetic leg makes against the tiled kitchen floor, Katniss already knows the answer. Suddenly, she doesn't find the lamb stew so tasty anymore. Katniss sprawls on her bed, stomach down, when a soft ding from her laptop notifies her that she has an incoming email. It's from , telling her that an author she'd put on her to-watch list, PaintMeWithWords, has a new story. It's a continuation of the book, The Girl on Fire , by Cinna M, with this fanfiction depicting the main characters, Regina and Vincent, with children of their own. The story leaves Katniss with so many emotions that she has to stop and pull herself together for a few minutes. She wants to leave a review telling PaintMeWithWords how much the fanfiction could be considered a part of the actual story and that it captured the essence of the main characters so well as parents, but she can't find the right words to say so. She's never been able to express herself properly. So, Katniss chooses to write a simple comment: Another wonderful story from you, love it! Not long after, she receives a reply of her review: Sagittaria13, Thanks for the review! Glad you loved my story. Did I mention that you're the first person to review both of my stories? Haha. PMWW ' Well, now you did. What are you trying to imply?' she wonders suspiciously. She types her response: I'm not hardcore stalking you or anything, if that's what you mean. She refreshes the page to see his reply: Sagittaria13, No, no! That's not what I meant. I'm just grateful that you took your time to read and review my stories. I apologize if I didn't make myself clear. :) PMWW ' Oh.' Katniss feels bad for jumping to conclusions. No, I'm sorry, she types. I'm not good at interpreting what people mean sometimes. Both of your stories are really good. She adds the last sentence to try to compensate for her misunderstanding. PaintMeWithWords replies: Sagittaria13, It's okay! And thanks for the compliment. I've been on this site for less than two months, so it's great to hear that people like my work! PMWW Katniss responds: Let me give you a late welcome then. I've been around for... four or five months? Anyway the TGOF fan base is still small at the moment and we could really use more talented people like you in the fandom. She gets her reply: Sagittaria13, Me? Talented? Oh thanks! As a matter of fact, I already have ideas for my third fanfic. I'm going to plot it out when I have the time. PMWW That's great, I look forward to reading it. She clicks the send button. Katniss plops back on her bed, recalling the series of events that had led her to join . Katniss was on one of her monthly visits to the local bookstore. Normally she would just stroll through the shelves, checking out new novels and noting down the ones that caught her attention, so that she could borrow them from Madge. Madge usually had a copy of almost every new book, which was not surprising considering her mother was a freelance journalist who reviewed books for newspapers and magazines. Katniss was about to leave with nothing but her list when it started to rain heavily. She cursed herself for not bringing an umbrella, but was secretly pleased that she had an excuse to spend more time in the bookstore. She went exploring in aisles that she didn't walk through in her regular visits. Katniss was surprised when she found an unlabelled shelf with all sorts of books that were not categorized. The lowest rack of the shelf was empty except for two lonely, identical books. The cover was plain; a mixture of orange and red as the background. The Girl on Fire, the title read in black bold letters. On the lower right of the cover was the name of the author, in a similar font but smaller sized. 'Cinna M'. The book was thick; Katniss estimated it to be around 700-800 pages. One of the novels was not wrapped, perhaps to serve as a browsing copy. She picked it up. Despite the many books she had read, Katniss had never heard of the author before. She was intrigued. She brushed the slightly dusty back cover and read the synopsis. A story set in a dystopic future where children kill each other for entertainment? Katniss raised her eyebrows sceptically. That was sick and depressing . Who would read that? She was a reader who preferred roses and sunshine and happy endings in stories. Past experiences had led her to believe that