Part 86 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: lady scribe of avandell is responsible for this idea. She suggested the concept several months ago, and this is the only place I thought it might work. Hope you agree. Three points of note here – 1) I tend to use whatever name for Aragorn that I think it most likely the person with him would use for him. For instance, Arwen likely would call him Estel, Eomer would be used to calling him Aragorn and most of the "new generation" would know him as Elessar (as would Lothiriel). Thus, when you see his name changing within my stories, it is usually based on that. 2) Strictly speaking a story solely about Eldarion and Luthiel should not be in the Elfwine Chronicles, other than the fact that Luthiel was introduced in this series. I did manage to sneak in something to at least slightly tie this story to the Chronicles (watch for it), but basically there isn't much "Rohan" in this one, so don't be surprised. 3) You will be getting a change of viewpoint going on. When that happens, I will shift to italics. (I added underline also since the spacing I had in got removed by ffn and I decided that made it less readable than it had been. Hopefully now it works for you, even if it isn't 'pretty'.) I think it will be obvious, and I think you will be able to determine who the respective parties are that are involved in the two groupings for that. I don't want to tell you up front and give too much away. You'll enjoy it more seeing it unfold, I think. Conflict (Jun, 26 IV) "Ah, look at those womanly curves, and the glow of her skin! Is she not lovely?" Eldarion boasted to his companions of his passing, very pregnant, wife. He was enjoying pending fatherhood, and he loved the changes it had wrought in his wife's body, thinking it made her even more beautiful than she was before. He did not notice that she had tensed at his comments, and flushed red with anger as she hurried off, soon departing the feast and returning to their bedchamber. Though he had failed to discern her irritation, it would not be long before he would regret that lapse. x Luthiel had a bath drawn, but even the warm waters of the deep sunken pool had not soothed her. Not wanting the irritating presence of servants around her, she had directed them to leave the draining of the bath water until morning, and now she stood by the side, gazing at her flickering reflection. 'Womanly curves'! 'Glowing skin'! How dare he mock her so in public! How could he be so cruel and thoughtless! Tears slipped down her face as a sob wrenched from her. She was a shapeless, blotchy lump of flesh. No man could possibly find anything attractive in that. He held her up to ridicule for all to see! x Most everyone else was long departed, including his parents, when Eldarion returned to his bedchamber. He had seen friends not encountered for many months, and they had been catching up on old times, as well as celebrating his marriage and pending birth of his first child. He smiled at that thought. Though some men were a bit put off by the sight of their wives during these months before giving birth, he thought Luthiel even more appealing. He enjoyed exploring the changes in her body as the baby grew within her, and he loved being intimate with her even more now than he had before. Perhaps if she was still awake... He had not truly expected her to be, so he was pleased to find her standing by the bath. This was encouraging. With a grin, he slipped off his tunic and moved to take her in his arms, but before he could touch her she stepped stiffly away. "So, you are come to taunt me some more, my lord?" she demanded. "Taunt you? What do you mean, beloved?" Eldarion stammered, completely thrown off his stride by her question. "You know very well what I mean! I have done everything to be a good wife to you, and still you hold me up to public ridicule. Well, do not think you will be sharing my bed tonight!" she sniffed angrily, crossing her arms and turning her back on him. "Luthiel!" he exploded, "What are you talking about? I have done nothing to ridicule you, and certainly not in public!" "Oh, how convenient of you to forget when it suits your purpose, and you wish to claim your husbandly rights! I see how you think! Well, it will not happen!" she whirled on him with a glare. "You will find somewhere else to sleep!" She flung herself dramatically across the bed. "Fine!" he bellowed in response. "I will sleep in the dressing chamber!" He stormed over to the dresser for a nightshirt. There. The perfect spot. Estel felt himself relax completely, and start that slow slide into slumber. Then it came – the sigh. He hated that sigh. Mostly he hated the fact that he found it impossible to ignore that sigh. " What is it?" he mumbled. " They are quarreling again,"Arwen responded quietly. No need to ask who she meant; it could only be Eldarion and Luthiel. He had thought it would be a good match when the two had wed, and so it was, but now he could wish they had chosen to reside in Emyn Arnen, or anywhere that was out of Arwen's Elven earshot. Both were volatile, but ever since Luthiel had begun carrying Eldarion's child, her temper had become more unpredictable, and Eldarion was ill-equipped to judge her moods. He really would prefer not knowing when they argued. For that matter, likely Arwen would also! Eldarion snatched too hard at the drawer with one hand and was unprepared when it easily came full out, dumping the contents onto the floor at this feet, and barking his toe. Muttering imprecations under his breath, he was further infuriated by the unmistakable snicker from the bed. "May I at least have my pillow?" he hissed, starting to turn away. Luthiel had a good arm, and a strong one. The pillow only missed his head because he barely glimpsed its flight in the dim light an instant before it struck him. As he ducked, it crashed onto the dresser, shattering several small glass items there and sending personal articles flying in every direction. Through clenched teeth, he retrieved the pillow from where it had skittered onto the floor and said, "Thank you!", turning to stalk toward the small antechamber. Luthiel flung herself back against the pillows on the bed in aggravation, tugging the bedcovers up to her chin with a loud growl of vexation. " The contents of the dresser top are worse for the wear. I believe something was thrown." Arwen continued her commentary of the battle, and against his will, Estel could not help waiting for what came next. The small couch in the dressing chamber was never intended as a place to sleep, especially if one was as tall and broad as Eldarion. He spent a quarter of an hour ascertaining that fact, and reaching the annoyed conclusion that as the heir to the throne of Gondor he had every right to sleep in his own bed rather than on a too-small couch in a dressing chamber. So, in an ill-advised move, he arose to angrily confront his wife on the matter, and insist she reconsider her ultimatum. Storming into the bedchamber, he demanded, "Luthiel, this is utterly ridiculous! I did not mock or ridicule you. I do not know where you got the notion that I did, but you are mistaken. Now, please, move over and let me sleep in my own bed." Luthiel immediately went from pretending to be asleep and ignoring him during his discourse, to on her feet and full out in a rage. "How dare you! How dare you stand there and deny it!" She began picking up the contents of the drawer he had earlier spilled on the floor and not cleaned up, and pelting him with them. Mostly they were socks and shirts, but even so, he began backing away from the onslaught. "Luthiel! What has gotten into you? Be rational! I have done nothing to insult you! Ow!" She had included in her weapons a hairbrush, and it had struck him on his exposed collarbone, since he had never managed to actually put on the nightshirt he obtained and was standing there in only his leggings. Rubbing the bruised bone, he was backing more hastily away from her as she now advanced more swiftly on him. "You did! And I will not tolerate it!" By now, he was near the edge of the bath and suddenly, without any warning, she darted at him, placed both hands on his chest and shoved with all her might, overbalancing him into the water. For just an instant, there was a flicker of humor in her eyes, followed quickly by a look of immense satisfaction. Turning on her heel, with a flip of her hair, she returned to the bed, pulled the covers up to her head, and pretended to go immediately to sleep. " Oh dear!" Arwen exclaimed softly. "Someone just took a dip in the bath. Unwillingly, I would say." " I do hope it was our son who took a swim in the drink, else you and I shall have to get busy and produce a new heir to replace the one about to be fed to the crows!" Estel mumbled sleepily from where he was curled into his wife's side, with his face buried in her neck. Standing in the bath, soaking wet, Eldarion stared dumbfounded across the room at his wife. When had she gone completely mad? This was beyond his power to deal with. It was clearly time for a strategic withdrawal. Slowly he dragged himself from the pool and removed his sodden clothes. Leaving them there, he toweled himself thoroughly, found dry clothing, then padded down the hall to an empty guest chamber, and settled in for the night. But it was a long, sleepless night of staring at the ceiling. How had his life gotten so far out of control? xxxxx Eldarion was not seen at breakfast. It wasn't until late morning that Elessar was able to go in search of his son, and found him in the garden, deep in thought. Seating himself next to him on the bench, he waited to see if the young man wished to confide in him. At length, Eldarion ventured to seek his insight. "Father, why do we always seem to be quarreling? Other couples do not do so. Does it mean we do not love each other enough?" He cast worried eyes at his sire, fearful of the answer. Elessar sighed, though at least in the question there was hope. "You have not learned to show love and respect for your wife." "What? I love her! More than I can say! And I respect her as well!" "Perhaps here" – Elessar touched his breast – "and here" – he touched his temple – "but it does not reflect in your words and actions when you are in company with others." Eldarion eyed him sullenly. "What do you mean?" "As do all of us, Luthiel has her flaws and weaknesses. But none of us wishes to have those publicly flaunted, even under the guise of 'loving humor'. You disregard her feelings and too often say things openly better left unsaid. She should be the most important person in your life, and your dearest wish