Part 59 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: I considered making this two chapters, but there would have been one long and one short, so I finally decided to let you have it all at once. Another little treat for Valentine's Day. See end author's note for comments about Eothain. Two Step (Jul, 9 IV) "Eothain!" Lothiriel snapped at the Marshal with exasperation, "I do wish you would stop doing that! You frighten the poor girl out of her wits!" "My lady!" Eothain exclaimed, giving her his best 'innocent' face, "You do wound me with such accusations! I would never terrorize a lovely young lady!" He laid his hand over his chest as if in solemn testimony to the truth of his statement. "Ha! Do not play that game with me, Captain. I know you too well, and you would delight in terrorizing that girl if it amused you! She is from Gondor and not accustomed to you rough Rohirrim as I am! Please, do leave her alone. I should not like her to flee home and leave me without a maidservant! I should have Eomer banish you from the kingdom until you learn better manners!" Grinning roguishly, Eothain bowed and bent to kiss the queen's hand, "If it pleases my lady, I shall endeavor to be on my best behavior at all times henceforth!" Pulling her hand from his, she gave him a chastizing look, "Do not try to charm me with your smooth talk! It is apparent that your best behavior is insufficient. I suggest you learn better behavior before that promise will hold water!" Laughing heartily, Eothain made his way toward the exit, "I shall try, my queen. I cannot promise!" Despite her remonstrance, Lothiriel could not restrain a grin. Her maidservant, Miren, had gotten married when Elfwine was a year old. After she gave birth to her second child, only a few months before Lothiriel bore Theodwyn, she had finally decided it was time to stay home with her children. The two of them had been close friends for a long time, and Lothiriel had hated to lose her assistance and company, but well understood how she felt. Her departure had necessitated finding a new personal maidservant, and it had been while she was visiting at Minas Tirith that she met a girl who seemed suitable. Queen Arwen had made them acquainted, and because the girl's family were all gone, her mother dying just a few months prior to that, Arwen had thought she might be interested in taking a post somewhere away from her painful memories. Though the girl, Zimraphel, was incredibly shy, she and Lothiriel had gotten along well, and she had readily accepted when the offer was made. Not until the journey home, had Eothain become aware of her. Ever since the first moment of their meeting, he delighted in teasing her into a blush. Not that it took a great deal to cause such a reaction in her, but the Captain was quite merciless, despite all Lothiriel's attempts to make him behave. She knew full well that it was only good-natured teasing, but poor Zimraphel was so intimidated by such a big, handsome man that the things he said to her never failed to trigger her shyness to its fullest extent. Once or twice, Lothiriel had told Zimraphel she would have Eomer make Eothain stop the teasing, but the girl seemed to become even more embarrassed and assured her it was not necessary to involve the king in such unimportant matters. Her shyness made her seem younger than her twenty-six years, but knowing she was a grown woman and since she refused having Lothiriel take firmer action, the matter was left unaltered. When it got very bad, like today, Lothiriel would chide Eothain, but he knew she was not serious enough for him to stop. Despite the difference in their years, Eothain being almost thirty-seven, Lothiriel had a sneaking suspicion that he was actually somewhat interested in the girl, and this was his way of flirting with her. It was more difficult to tell if Zimraphel had any feelings for him in return, though, since Lothiriel did not know her so well and she revealed little personal information about herself. xxxxx Mid-September arrived, along with the annual Harvest Festival. It had been a good year and the town was greatly decked out for the occasion. There were places for dancing, eating, drinking, games of chance and so forth. Zimraphel had lived her entire life in a city and was unacquainted with such celebrations that agrarian societies held. Lothiriel had given her the evening off and encouraged her to go and look around. She wandered for a bit just idly watching the various activities, trying to decide what to do first. The festival had actually begun earlier in the afternoon, but now the sun had already set. She was considering finding a food stall and getting something to eat, so she cut behind some stalls to return to the food area. She was brought up short when she found herself at a deadend and two men had moved toward her, one stepping behind her to cut off her exit. "Well, well, look here! A lovely lass come to keep us company!" It was clear that they had been drinking for some time, but despite the slight slurring of their speech, they still moved quickly enough to corner her. "Come on, missy, how's about a dance?" one asked, grabbing her waist and pulling her up against him. More than a little frightened, she tried to pull away. "No, please!" He breathed heavily right in her face. "Come on, now. We won't hurt you." He leaned toward her and she closed her eyes, but suddenly he jerked roughly away from her and she blinked open her eyes in bewilderment. She found the reason in the form of an angry Eothain, who flung the man over so he collided with his companion. "It would appear," he hissed at them, "that the two of you have had too much too drink, and have forgotten how to treat a lady." He stepped toward them threateningly and each fell back a pace or two as he added, "No matter what you remember tomorrow of this night, you had better make certain you remember this – if you ever lay a hand on this woman again without her consent, you will answer to me! Is that clear?" Both men jerkily nodded their heads, "Yes, my sir!" "Apologize," he growled. The one who had grabbed her took a nervous step in her direction, "Apologies, miss. We meant no disrespect." The other man convulsively nodded his agreement. "Get out of here!" Eothain snarled, and the two stumbled hastily away, glad for the reprieve. Drawing a steadying breath to calm his anger, Eothain turned to Zimraphel who had been staring at him in astonishment, but averted her eyes when he looked at her. Stepping toward her, he asked gently, "Are you alright? Did they hurt you?" She shook her head in response, but could not help wrapping her arms around herself and shivering with reaction. Eothain hesitated a moment, then moved closer and pulled her into an embrace, saying softly, "I am sorry they frightened you. They meant no harm, but that does not make their actions any more agreeable." She was stiff in his arms, despite how warm and safe they made her feel, and she was embarrassed when a tear slipped down her cheek. She was still trembling, and he held her tighter, laying his cheek on the top of her head. "It is alright, little one. I would not let anyone harm you." At his words, she finally relaxed in his arms and welcomed the comfort they offered. After several minutes, she felt awkward being so intimate with someone she barely knew and pulled back. Reluctantly, he released his hold on her. They just looked at one another a moment, until Zimraphel dropped her eyes. "Thank you, Captain Eothain, for your assistance." Her voice was so soft he almost couldn't make out her words. "I am ever at your service, Zimraphel," he answered quietly. He paused then asked, "Would you have me walk you back to Meduseld, or would you wish to stay and enjoy the festival longer? If you wish to stay, I will stay with you so you will feel safe." Her head came up in surprise at the offer, but she hesitated. "I…I do not wish to take you away from your plans for the evening, my lord." He grinned. "My only plans for the evening are to enjoy the festival. I can do that quite well with you beside me!" He eyed her speculatively a moment, then asked, "Have you eaten? I am famished and would like to find some food!" She smiled tentatively at him and nodded her agreement. He reached out and caught hold of her left hand, then wrapped it around his right arm and moved back toward the food stalls. She still could not bring herself to look at him directly most of the time, but neither could she keep from sneaking glances at him out of the corner of her eye, particularly when he seemed to be looking elsewhere. They purchased some food, which Eothain insisted on paying for, and then found a spot at the tables to eat. Zimraphel was a little surprised at how good his table manners were, since many of the soldiers she had seen eating rather shoveled food in their face with reckless abandon. She sipped nervously at the wine he had procured, feeling it help her relax slightly, though she still found it difficult to make conversation with him. If he noticed her silence, he gave no indication, occasionally asking her a question or volunteering information about himself or Rohan. When they were done eating, they continued to stroll through the festival and she found her earlier fright had been forgotten, and she was very much enjoying herself. He won two small prizes playing games of skill, which he gave to her, and then he steered her toward the dance area. "Would you dance with me?" he asked, somewhat nervously. With a deep blush, she nodded shyly, and let him lead her into the dance area. It took most of the dance for her to relax to any extent and she was blushing even more when it ended. Her stiffness had made her clumsy and surely he must think her a terrible dancer. To her surprise, as the next song began, he swept her into it without a break and, for a moment, she forgot her embarrassment as she became caught up in the merriment. Several dances later, they paused to drink and refresh themselves. It was beginning to get late and the stalls were slowly closing. Halfheartedly, she told him, "I should be getting back now." Draining the last of his ale, he nodded and rose, offering his arm to her. A little more confidently, she took it and they strolled in silence back to the Golden Hall. He followed her inside, rather than part from her in front of the guards, and pulled her to face him. Thinking a moment, he finally said earnestly, "I meant what I said. If you ever have need of me, for any reason, do not hesitate to ask." Slowly he raised her hand and kissed her knuckles, as she ducked her head and blushed red. "Thank you, my…Eothain," she whispered softly. "You are most kind." Nerves overcame her then and she pulled quickly away, hurrying off to her bedchamber, but pausing to take one look back before stepping into the hall. He still stood there, watching her leave. The next morning, while Eothain was waiting to