Part 94 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: This one was a struggle. I think I was feeling unmotivated to write due to hassles in real life, but I finally managed to just sit down and write until something came out. Lessons (Jun, 20 IV) The gate swung shut to the paddock on the plains just below the walls of Edoras. A young man, with an unruly tangle of blond hair, sat easily on his horse watching the herd get settled in their new surroundings. Once they had calmed in their milling, he turned toward the road leading to the city gate, and nudged his mount into a canter. Pulling to a stop near the foot of Meduseld, he dismounted and led his horse into the royal stable. After his mount was brushed and stabled, Caffola made his way toward the Golden Hall, and his meeting with the king. He was halfway up the steps when someone came bounding down, grabbing him in an embrace. "Caffola! It is good to see you!" Then breaking free, Elfwine hurried on down the stairs, calling back, "We will catch up later!" Caffola shook his head and grinned at his departing friend, then continued up the steps and into the Hall. Lost in thought, he almost collided with a servant girl hurrying by. "Oh, sorry!" he apologized, catching her arms to steady her. She gave him a shy smile and replied, "No problem, my lord." Blushing slightly, she pulled free and continued on her way, but turned once to smile back at him. His eyes followed her until she exited out into the hallway to the sleeping chambers, and then he hastened on. Gamling spotted him a moment later and smiled in greeting. "Caffola! Welcome! The king is still in his council meeting, but he should be available soon." Nodding, Caffola glanced around, then asked, "Is the queen here?" Gamling smiled his understanding. "I believe she is in her garden. If you would like to greet her, I can send someone to fetch you when Eomer King is ready to meet." Caffola flashed a grateful grin at the Doorward, and moved toward the exit to the back terrace and Lothiriel's garden. A short time later, he was blinking in the sunlight as he looked around, finally spotting the queen on her knees and weeding a patch of earth. As he approached and his shadow fell across her, Lothiriel glanced up, then broke into a delighted smile and quickly started to rise. Instantly, Caffola's hand shot out to assist her, and she used it to steady herself, then also to pull him into her embrace. Pressing a kiss to his temple, she asked, "How are you, dearest? You look well." Smiling with pleasure at the warm welcome, he nodded. "I am. Life is good. I have brought a string of horses for Eomer King to consider. Byldan claims he is getting too old for this and sent me in his stead." Slipping her arm through his, Lothiriel guided them toward Meduseld, dropping her work gloves on a bench that they passed. "Let us get some refreshment, and you can tell me what has been happening with you of late." Inside the Hall, they settled at a table off to the side, and Durucwen spotted them, noting the queen's signal for someone to attend her. A moment later, while they were conversing, Tamwen appeared at the table, bobbing a curtsy. "My lady? What do you wish?" Caffola looked up at her words and quirked an eyebrow upward in recognition; it was the young woman he had nearly bowled over earlier. He grinned in acknowledgement of her, and she flushed slightly turning her eyes to focus on the queen. Lothiriel requested refreshment be brought, but did not miss the exchange between the two, smiling in amusement at it. By the time Tamwen returned, Eomer had joined them, and Caffola was whisked away for their meeting, but Lothiriel had invited him to supper and promised to have a room ready for him. Eomer and Caffola spent the next hour discussing the horses that had been brought, and catching up on news. Once the business part of their dealings was ended, they made their way to the paddock so Eomer could see the horses for himself. It did not escape Eomer's notice the pride Caffola took personally in each of the horses. He knew the boy considered each animal almost like his child, and he lavished love and attention on them endlessly. Wryly, Eomer reflected that the young man was not unlike himself at that age. As Eomer examined each horse, Caffola made notations on his list of what was to become of each one – trained further for family use as mounts, reserved for breeding or sold. They had gone through nearly half the animals when Eomer announced "sell" and heard Caffola exclaim softly, "No!" When the king turned to eye him questioningly, Caffola dropped his gaze and studied a clump of dirt near Eomer's feet, swallowing hard. "You disagree with my inclination to sell Lithemeg, Caffola?" Eomer asked. For a moment, Caffola hesitated to respond, but then he was unable to restrain himself. "She is one of the finest mares we have, my lord! Her gait is incomparable and she has the sweetest temperament, but with an indomitable spirit. I know her bloodlines are not so strong as some of the others, but she is special. She is…" He trailed off, realizing his outburst was likely out of line. The past few years he had become slightly better about not speaking his mind so freely, particularly to the king, but when he felt strongly about something he found it difficult to hold back. This was such a case. He loved this mare dearly, almost as much as his dear, departed Mithlig. In the back of his mind, he had half hoped he could save enough money to buy her for himself, though he knew she would likely be worth far more than he could hope to accumulate for some time yet. Eomer watched him pensively, noting the expressions flitting over his face, and guessing the reason for the flare-up of emotion. With a slow smile of understanding, he nodded. "Very well, I will keep her. See that she continues to be trained as a mount." Caffola released an almost imperceptible sigh and nodded in relief. "Yes, my lord. Thank you." He knew this meant Lithemeg would eventually end up in the royal stables and he would not see much of her, but at least he had a better chance with her in Eomer's stable than belonging to someone else. Once their business was concluded, Caffola was at liberty for the remainder of the afternoon, and he returned to Meduseld with Eomer to get settled into his room. As he made his way down the hall, Theodwyn spotted him and let out a squeal of delight, "Caffola!" She flung herself into his arms, giving him a tight hug in greeting, and he relished her reaction. Over the past few years, he had gained more family than he had lost, between Byldan and his wife in the Folde, and Elfwine's family in Edoras. Both had accepted him with open arms and hearts, and nurtured him continually. Now Elfwine and his siblings were as his own brothers and sisters, and he very much enjoyed every opportunity to get to the city and visit with them. "Come, spar with me!" Theodwyn encouraged, pulling back and seizing his arm to draw him after her. Sheepishly, Caffola confessed, "Theodwyn, I do not get much chance to practice with a sword. I am not very good, despite Elfwine's few lessons." "That does not matter. I am still learning also. We can still practice." She grabbed his hand and dragged him behind her to Theomund's room, where she collected his wooden practice sword and shield, and then on to her own room for her weapons. Moments later, Caffola found himself in a practice ring and trying to remember the things Elfwine had taught him. As it turned out, Theodwyn was willing to work with him and not take too much advantage of his inexperience, and they had a pleasant workout. An hour later, both rather sweaty, they returned to their rooms to wash for supper. As they sat down to their meal, Elfwine observed, "At least this trip your timing is better. There is a feast and dance tomorrow night, so you can enjoy that while you are here." "I…I do not know how to dance," Caffola admitted, with some embarrassment. Lothiriel handed him the platter of meat, announcing matter-of-factly, "Then I will teach you, dearest. You should not miss out on the opportunity to dance with lovely ladies. Elfwine can attest to the very great pleasure that affords!" At her words, Elfwine grinned broadly and nodded, "Aye! And all the better if you need guidance! Ladies delight in helping us poor, inept men!" The adults all burst into laughter at this observation, and Caffola hesitantly joined in, still rather uncertain about this. The conversation turned to other things then, and he had no time to ponder this new development. The other children were equally pleased to see him once more, and Theomund enthusiastically began telling of his latest ventures with the blacksmith. Since about the age of eight, Theomund had been fascinated with metalwork, and haunted the blacksmith shop. The smithy had taken a shine to the eager lad and did not mind his hanging around, letting him learn whatever interested him and teaching him about the forge and working metal. Now, two years later, he had become fairly adept, and was even thinking up gadgets to create, some of which simplified various tasks and were in use by the staff of Meduseld. Morwen was now six and still incredibly shy, but she knew Caffola well enough that she gradually began to warm up to him once more. The family spent a relaxing evening together, catching up on any news each one had. Still, it had been a long day, and Caffola retired rather before anyone else. xx Even though he knew there were stablehands that would feed and water the horses he had brought in, he was up early the next morning to check on his charges. All had weathered the night without mishap, and after visiting with each one and checking them over, he returned to Meduseld. Already the Hall was preparing for the evening, and there was much hustle and bustle of cleaning, as well as placement of tables and benches. Lothiriel had taken the children into their private dining chamber for their lessons, in order to be out of the way, and he wandered there. Noticing him standing in the doorway, the queen smiled at him and waved him in. "Are you keeping up with your studies, dearest?" she inquired. Even though he was rather old for such things, getting started so late with lessons there was still plenty for him to learn about, and he had an insatiable curiosity. Learning to read had been a true blessing, and each time he came to the city, Lothiriel sent him home with a half dozen new books to read. When he nodded that he was, in answer to her question, she drew him with her to the library. Perusing the shelves, she began pulling off books and piling them into his arms. After he had a load, they moved to a table and she began telling him what each was about, so he could decide which ones interested him. Anything with horses always held his attention, but he had become quite fascinated with history also. At first he had shown little interest in any place other than Rohan, but after