Part 198 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: Reader Camilla cranked through all 197 (actually 196 since one is missing) Elfwine Chronicles (in just 48 hours – a new record?). At the end, she mentioned wanting to see another young Theomund story, and possibly that is what set me to thinking of this. Not sure why all the rain in my recent stories; possibly all the mess on the East Coast from Hurricane Irene (near the time I began writing this). Set Sail (Jul, 15 IV) Erchirion ran a hand through his hair, noting that it was almost dry. Just in time to go back out into the rain , he thought ruefully. A summer storm had blown in off the water and usually that made for lazy days when most folks tried to stay warm and dry indoors. But he had agreed to go over the shipping ledgers with his father, so, after delaying for more than an hour hoping it would ease, he had finally ventured forth. His cloak had kept his clothing relatively dry, but he had never much cared for anything covering his head, and thus arrived with sopping hair. A towel had removed the worst of it, but he had not been in the palace long enough for it to completely dry. His step faltered as he passed the dining room, and he backed up, having caught a glimpse of something out of the corner of his eye. It was Lothiriel's youngest son, Theomund, sitting at the table and scowling out at the storm through the glass doors that opened onto the patio. His chin rested on his arms as his legs kicked idly, but there was annoyance in his entire bearing. Entering, he slipped into a chair next to the boy, asking, "Is something the matter, little one?" The child glanced briefly at him before turning back to the rain slashing at the glass and muttering, "It is raining and I cannot go to the shore!" Before Erchirion could respond to this, he added grumpily, "Why does it matter if it is raining? I get wet in the water anyway!" Erchirion chuckled at this logic, which he could not entirely refute, but explained, "That is certainly true, and if it were that simple, it would not matter. But in storms like this the sea becomes very dangerous. The waves are much larger and they can come in suddenly and sweep you off your feet. Even strong swimmers have sometimes drowned in such wild waves." He rose and held out a hand. "Come with me." Curious, Theomund slid off his chair and took his uncle's hand to be led down the hall to a room that had windows overlooking the shoreline. Erchirion pushed the door open slightly so they could better see out, and pointed to where the waves were crashing heavily on the beach. "See? It would not be very pleasant to be down there just now. Better to wait until things are calmer and it is safe again." The child seemed to understand, but was still obviously disappointed. Erchirion thought a moment and then asked, "Would you like me to show you the game I used to play on days such as this, when I was just a lad?" Theomund looked up and nodded eagerly, always interested in learning something new, especially if it meant an end to the boredom that had claimed him. Erchirion led his nephew to the library on the first floor of the palace, drawing a second chair behind the large oak desk so they could sit next to each other. Once Theomund was settled in his chair, kneeling to be at a better height to the desk, Erchirion drew a stack of writing paper from a drawer. Placing one in front of himself, he said, "I always loved boats, and when I could not be outside with the real thing, I would make paper boats and float them inside. Watch carefully and I will show you how they are made." He began folding the paper, describing each step to the engrossed boy, who was now leaning on his hands to hover over the paper and better see how it was done. A grin of delight split his face when Erchirion finished the first boat and enthusiastically he yelped, "I want to do one!" Scooting closer, Erchirion guided him through each fold, giving tips on the way to make the best boats. "The tighter you are able to make the folds, the longer it will last in the water. Eventually the water seeps into the paper and it will sink, but with tight folds that takes longer to happen. I got some of my boats to float for more than an hour," he advised, a note of pride in his voice. They spent another half hour working on making boats, and then they gathered them up and took them upstairs to Theomund's bed chamber. "The bath makes an excellent place for sailing boats," he smiled. "My mother always had to clear all the sunken boats out of the water before she could give me my bath – another good reason for doing it!" At Theomund's appreciative grin, Erchirion bit back the guilt he felt at doing this to his sister. She was not going to thank him for that particular bit of advice to her son! Erchirion turned on the taps and began filling the sunken tub, warning the boy, "You must be very careful and not get too near the water when you are playing. Your mother will be furious if you fall in." "I will be careful," Theomund assured him, his eyes never leaving the rising water. Though Erchirion might question that, he at least knew the boy could swim, having taught Theomund himself, so other than a dunking, he would likely be safe. Once the tub had filled high enough to easily reach the water, they began setting their paper boats afloat. Erchirion showed him various tricks for playing with them, including using the fire bellows to create a 'wind' to send them scudding across the tub. At length, however, he knew he needed to get home. "Enjoy yourself, little one," he said, rising to his feet. "I will see you later." And with that Erchirion headed off, content that he had done his part in keeping Lothiriel's son amused on a dreary rainy day at Dol Amroth. Unfortunately, he had no idea what he had set in motion. Theomund had been happily sailing his boats for nearly an hour when Theodwyn put in appearance. "What are you doing?" she asked, kneeling down to watch. "Making my boats sail," he replied, concentrating on creating just the right amount of air from the bellows to send a boat across the tub without overtipping it. "Uncle Erchirion showed me how." "Can I try?" Theodwyn asked after several minutes. Reluctantly, Theomund allowed her one of his precious boats to play with, and they occupied the next few hours doing so, until all the boats were finally at the bottom of the tub. At that point, Theodwyn lost interest and trotted off to find something more amusing to do. Theomund gazed upon his submerged ships for several long minutes, before jumping up and dashing off to the library for more paper. The drawer where Erchirion had gotten it had a large stash, so he grabbed as much as he could carry and returned to his room. Settling comfortably on the floor, he began folding in earnest. His nurse had checked in on him periodically, both while Erchirion was there and as he and Theodwyn played. Having no problem with what they were doing, particularly since it had been guided by the Queen's brother, she had allowed them to continue. Finding young Theomund folding paper into boats still seemed harmless enough, though he did balk somewhat when she wanted him to come eat his supper. For little more than the time it took to gulp down his food, Theomund cooperated, and then instantly returned to his task. He had decided to make an entire army of boats. He had often seen the many boats gathered down in the harbor, and thought it would be wonderful to make his own fleet. Erchirion had mentioned that sometimes he put grease on the bottom of the paper boats to help keep the water out and make them float longer. When the nurse was not looking, he had snuck a piece of fat off his plate at supper and hidden it in his pocket to use for that purpose. His little fingers could only work so fast, and thus his fleet was slow to form. Too soon, Mama appeared and insisted he stop for the night and get into bed. "You may play with your boats again tomorrow, dearest, but for now you must sleep," she told him with a smile. He relented only because he must, but asked, "Will you leave the water in the tub so I may begin sailing again in the morning?" His sweet face was so fervently pleading, that she relented. There was little harm in his request. "Very well, but now you must go to sleep." Dutifully he laid back on his pillow, as she kissed him goodnight and then turned to tuck Theodwyn in. But sleep was slow in coming for his mind was filled with boats and sailing and all that he wanted to do. He remembered that Uncle Erchirion had fashioned one much fancier boat that he said probably was too hard for Theomund to do just yet. Theomund very much wanted one of those to sail, and he felt sure he remembered how to do it. He must have dozed for it was very dark when he awoke, and the candles had burned low. Someone had stoked the fire against the chill air of the night, and his sister slept contentedly in the next bed. He lay there for a time, growing more and more restless and eager to be back to his boat-building. It was hard to tell if it was late at night, but maybe it was very early morning and the sun would be up soon. If that was so, then he would just get up earlier than everyone else like Papa sometimes did. Throwing back his covers, he slid silently to the floor and dragged his papers over in front of the fire. Once more he set to work folding boat after boat. Folding one like Uncle Erchirion's special had proved not so easy as he had hoped. Attempt after attempt went awry, but with great perseverance, he set aside his mistakes, pulled another piece of paper to him and began again. A long while later, he finally had a boat that seemed very similar to what he remembered. He had hidden the piece of fat from his supper in a drawer, and now went to fetch it. Settling back down, he began rubbing it over the bottoms of all his boats. When he finished, he looked around, but was disappointed at the size of his fleet. It seemed he had been folding paper forever, but now that he counted, there did not seem to be all that many boats and he was out of paper. He chewed his lip thoughtfully for a moment, then bounded up and trotted for the door. The only thing to do was get more paper and continue working. He padded quietly through the empty halls on his little bare feet, not even bothered by the dark shadows cast by the torches that were still lit. Down the stairs he went, and pushed open the big library door. It was darker in here, but he remembered the way, and enough light was coming in from