A/N: Surprised to see me? Yeah, me too! Likely you won't be surprised at my main characters, though. I've done fits and starts on other stories, so hopefully now that this is done I will continue with working on one or more of them. Now you know, if you didn't already, why I don't post unfinished stories. It would be too cruel! Resilience Author P. G. Wodehouse wrote: "There is in certain men … a quality of resilience, a sturdy refusal to acknowledge defeat, which aids them as effectively in affairs of the heart as in encounters of a sterner and more practical kind." Chapter 1 (21 May 3019 III) Even before they fully came upon the encampment, Eomer's eyes were flicking over the layout and people in residence. Among the group of men, he could see only one woman. Not common, but not entirely unusual either. Just then, the man who was holding her firmly by the arm slapped her hard, and clearly voiced a threat. Well, now, that was a mistake. Until that moment, he might have been willing to ride on by with just a nod of his head in acknowledgement as they passed. That slap changed the situation. His jaw clenched. He could tolerate many things, but abuse of a woman was not one of them. He glanced to his left at Eothain, his captain of the guard, and it was evident that his friend understood his intent. He gave the merest nod to indicate he was ready. Turning their horses into the camp, they sat just long enough to see who made himself known as the leader of the group. When one man stepped toward them, Eomer dismounted, and Eothain flanked him an instant later. "Good day, gentlemen," Eomer said, his pleasant tone belying his underlying tension. Perhaps the man wasn't fooled, for his eyes narrowed. Or maybe he had something to hide. "Can I help you, friend ?" It was clear that title was no more than a courtesy. "Where I come from," Eomer replied evenly, "men do not strike women, whatever the reason." His gaze flicked to the woman, questioningly. Did she want assistance or was he meddling? No, there was fear in her eyes, and barely concealed hope. "Then maybe you ought to go back to where you came from and not concern yourself with our business." His attention was pulled back to the man before him. The woman started to speak, but the one holding her yanked her arm sharply as a reminder to keep silent, or else. Eomer shifted his shoulder slightly in her direction, and Eothain moved forward at once. As it happened, Eothain was built like a bear. Nearly as tall as Eomer, who was taller than most men of the Eorlingas, he carried another fifty pounds of weight besides, and all of it was muscle. When he glowered, there was no mistaking that this was a man who could pull your arms out of their sockets without breaking a sweat, and would not hesitate to do so when he deemed it necessary. Eomer often found that…useful. The man holding the woman's arm released her and fell back a step, two steps. With the tiniest smirk, Eothain offered his arm and led her back to Eomer. By now, the leader was seething with barely contained rage, but hesitated to act. When Eothain went to retrieve the woman, the rest of the soldiers had spread out surrounding the group, clearly at the ready should any unpleasantness arise. "You have no right!" he hissed at Eomer. Unimpressed, Eomer retorted, "I have every right to defend a woman at need, if she wishes it." His gaze flicked to her, and took a closer look. Her clothing was dirty and torn in places, but he recognized fine fabric when he saw it. This was no peasant woman, and she was obviously higher in station than her company. "It is in my power to see you to a place of safety, if you would like to leave here," he told her. She swallowed hard, then gave a convulsive nod of her head. "Yes. I would like that." "You—" the leader began, angrily advancing on Eomer, but was abruptly cut off verbally and physically when Eothain stepped threateningly up beside his king. "She is ours!" the man snarled, but held his ground rather than moving closer. "She belongs to no one unless she chooses," Eomer told him firmly, "and she does not choose you. If she is a citizen of my land, then she has the full protection of the King of Rohan. If she is of Gondor, I am quite sure King Elessar will offer her similar protection. Now, then, unless you wish me to ask more questions, and dole out whatever justice I see fit, I suggest you keep your distance and let us depart without incident. Otherwise, it will not go well for you." Eothain strolled to where the horses were picketed and claimed one that was already saddled, leading it back to the lady. Though the men of the camp glared, and balled their fists as he passed, none dared attempt to prevent him from it. Once Eomer and the lady were mounted, he edged back to join the other soldiers, with Eomer keeping a sharp eye on his safe retreat. After Eothain was back on his horse, Eomer again looked to the leader, still staring venomously at him, and gave another slight nod of his head, reiterating wryly, "Good day, gentlemen." They had not gone far, when Eothain glanced at the woman, then asked in Rohirric, "You know they were Gondorian. And she must have been taken against her will. Why did we not punish them?" With a sigh, Eomer replied in their language, wishing to keep the conversation private. "Because they were Gondorian. And because that part of the Firien Wood could be considered as part of Gondor, despite the long understanding that it is under Rohan's rule. Aragorn would have backed my actions, but the Gondorian people might not have taken kindly to our doling out justice by our laws without first being given specific authority." "They will follow us," Eothain observed darkly. "Try to take her back." "Yes," Eomer acknowledged, allowing a slight grin. "And if they are foolish enough to do that, then we may act as we see fit in dealing with them. Whatever their rights in Gondor, they do not include attacking the king of Rohan's party on Riddermark soil!" Eothain returned the grin, satisfied. He had no doubt the men were indeed that foolish. They had been strangely fortunate not to be punished for their likely crime, and wisdom would dictate that they vanish and count themselves lucky. He did not think wisdom would prevail. He, too, had seen the man slap this woman and threaten her. He was eager to return the favor on her behalf. The woman had remained silent, but now found her voice. "Where are you taking me? This is not the way to Gondor." Eothain quirked a surprised eyebrow at Eomer. Both realized she must be a noblewoman of sorts; they would not expect her to be able to readily discern direction travelled. "I have business at Aldburg first," Eomer told her, laconically. "But, you said—" "I said I would take you to a place of safety, and I have done that. While you travel in our midst you will be safe. None of these men will allow you to be harmed." She scowled, so he added, "Unless you prefer that I return you to your previous situation?" There was the tiniest of shudders, and she shook her head, looking away from him. His mouth tightened in anger. "I saw them strike you. They did not… harm you beyond that?" It might well be Eothain would get his wish to return and punish the brigands, depending on her answer. At length, she shook her head. "No. They handled me roughly, but they only ever struck me twice. Nothing…more." He nodded, relaxing in his saddle. "Where is your home?" She hesitated, and he suspected she did not entirely trust him, even with the apparent rescue. Finally she said, "Lossarnach. They took me from Lossarnach." "And your name? I am Eomer, and this is Eothain." Until he was officially crowned, he preferred not to use the title of king except at need. Again she hesitated, then merely said, "I am called Thiri by my family. Short for Lothiriel." Eomer heard a slight hiss from Eothain on his other side, and then his friend murmured, "Did not Imrahil have a daughter by that name?" "What did he say?" Lothiriel asked warily. "A pretty name," Eomer told her. It didn't answer her question, but she wouldn't know that. She relaxed somewhat at the response. "Thank you." When she did not initiate further conversation, they lapsed into silence, though Eomer chanced a glance at Eothain, his eyes warning his friend to silence. They would discuss this further when they were alone. It was over two hours later when they finally set up camp. Thiri watched in silence as they put up the tents and ordered the camp, her grey eyes attentive. As activity began to settle, Eomer approached her, and she asked, "Where am I to sleep?" He gestured to his left and she fell in beside him as he led the way to a small, one person tent. "This is…yours?" she asked. "No. It is Eothain's. He will bed down in mine since it is larger and will allow for two." He grinned. "Even when one of the two is as big as Eothain." His jest was rewarded with a small smile. Then she asked, "May I eat in my tent?" Eomer shrugged. "You could, but it would be warmer by the fire and the night will be cold. Whichever you choose. However, you will need to come to the fire to get your food. I will not make my men wait upon you. They are tired and hungry, and many of them will be standing guard duty tonight." "Because of me?" she asked softly. "Not entirely, but yes. I promised your safety. Do not be alarmed." "You think they will come for me?" she asked, looking up at him, a crease of trepidation between her brows. "It was apparent that you were not with them by choice. So, yes, they will come. And they will regret it." "But why did you not…" She broke off from her question, though he suspected what it was. Possibly she did not want to sound ungrateful. "Not punish them? Had we been in the Riddermark, I would have. And it may yet come to that. At the very least they will suffer injury in their attempt, and it will provide me with a reason to take them prisoner that I did not have before." She pressed her lips together, distressed by his words. Finally, she told him, "I do not wish for any of you to be hurt on my account." He smiled in amusement. "Nor do we wish it, but that slap was felt by every man in this camp. We do not tolerate rough treatment of women in the Mark. No true Eorling would. Besides, Eothain is quite determined to avenge your wrong for you! I would not spoil his entertainment." That elicited a soft laugh. "For all his fearsome size, I am inclined to think he is a good man." "He is a very good man, one of the finest you will ever meet anywhere. And even more than most Eorlingas, he is intolerant of abusive behavior. A man once struck his sister, you see." She cocked her head to the side and asked quite seriously, "Is he still alive?" Eomer grinned again. "He is, though for a time he would have preferred the painlessness of death, after his conversation with Eothain about it." He straightened. "I have tasks I must