Part 61 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: At long last, here is the sequel to "Lost & Found" - Elfwine goes to Minas Tirith to ask for Dariel's hand. A big thanks to lady scribe of avandell for telling me about the story of Beren & Luthien from the "Silmarillion". You'll see why she brought it to my attention later. And thanks to Tracey for trying to help me gain a focus so this story came together in some coherent fashion. I had bits and pieces, but it wasn't quite gelling. New Beginnings (June, 21 IV) Chapter 1 Eldarion and Elfwine watched Dariel move eagerly over to where the horses were tethered. Her laughter drifted back to them as she fed the apples to a delighted Hobbit, who licked the juice from her hands so as to make sure he missed none of the sweet goodness of her offering. Idly, Eldarion commented, "She adores that beast you gave her! She absolutely dotes on him." Curiously, he turned to eye Elfwine, who was grinning at his words, and asked, "Did she ever tell you that Hobbit saved her life?" Elfwine looked startled and shook his head. Eldarion continued, "She probably did not want to worry you. It was only about a year and a half after you gave him to her. We had gone out riding and taken a picnic lunch. A storm came up suddenly, so we hurriedly packed up and headed for home. Instead of going to the usual river crossing, I thought we should cross sooner, fearing the rain would flood out the crossing anyway before we got there. It was probably a stupid thing for me to do, all things considered. I sent Dariel in first, and then I followed, my horse fighting me about going into the water. Dariel had the sack of our picnic things on her saddle, but it came loose and began to float away. Without thinking, she grabbed for it, letting go of Hobbit's mane, and the current pulled her away from him. She isn't a strong swimmer and she had never swum a horse across a river before. "I tried to turn my horse and go after her, but he balked. I was afraid if I let go to go after her, that we'd both just be pulled under together. While I was trying to think of some way to rescue her, I suddenly noticed that Hobbit was turning downstream and swimming toward her. Apparently he had realized she had let go of him, and he turned in the direction of her screams for help. Moving with the current, he reached her quickly and once she caught hold of him again, he turned back to the shore. They were both rather exhausted by the time he climbed out on the bank, but they were alive. I finally made the shore as well, and we had to wait nearly an hour before I thought Hobbit and Dariel had recovered enough of their strength to continue on home." Elfwine sat grinning, pleased with the Rohirric horse for his valor and faithfulness. Mischievously, he turned to Eldarion and commented, "Perhaps next time you visit Rohan, we should find a horse for you also! It is unseemly for a future king to be riding a mount he cannot depend on, who even resists obeying him!" Eldarion let out a laugh. "You may be right! Certainly after seeing the quality of Hobbit, I am inclined to consider it!" They continued to watch Dariel for a few moments, and then Eldarion asked, "So, you wish to marry my sister, do you?" "Yes. Do you have any objections?" Elfwine responded warily. "Hmmm, you are better looking than an orc, and smell better also, your manners are tolerable, you fight reasonably well, and...what else? Oh, you are to inherit the throne of Rohan eventually. I suppose she could do worse," Eldarion said, keeping a straight face. When there was no response, he glanced sideways at Elfwine and saw his friend seriously contemplating his words. Shaking his head with amusement, he smirked, "Besides, I already consider you my brother. I see no reason not to make it official!" That was enough to let Elfwine know he was jesting, and the young man grinned sheepishly at him. "I think of you as a brother also, Eldarion. And you have been a good friend. I am glad you do not mind." They lapsed into a comfortable silence as Dariel returned to join them, wiping her hands on her skirt. The three sat around talking for a while longer, and then finally Dariel rose and announced she was ready to turn in. Elfwine stood as well to accompany her to her tent. Once there, before she slipped inside, he pulled her close and brought his lips to hers. In short order, they were wrapped in each other's arms and oblivious to all around them. The moment was broken by a loud "Tut, tut, tut!" Hastily stepping apart, they blushed as Eldarion strolled up. "This hardly looks like Dariel turning in for the night! Not even out of my sight for five minutes and this is what I find!" he chastised. "We were not doing anything amiss, Eldarion, and you know it!" his sister exclaimed. "I am not so sure. I am, after all, your chaperone. If I do not make the two of you behave, who will protect my dear sister's virtue?" "I will," Elfwine answered solemnly. Eldarion gazed intently at him a moment and then grinned. "Fair enough." As he strolled away, he called over his shoulder, "Do not give the soldiers anything to gossip about. You know mother finds out everything that is going on in Minas Tirith, and she is sure to hear it!" Once he was out of sight, they smiled lovingly at one another and then shared a second kiss. As it ended, Elfwine murmured against her lips, "I should go. I meant what I said – I do not want anyone speaking ill of you or your behavior. Goodnight, my love." xxxxx To accommodate Dariel, who required more frequent rest stops, the trip to Minas Tirith took longer than usual. However, the three young people were enjoying one another's company and the weather was good. Elfwine was the only one with any trepidation about the trip. His joy in his love for Dariel had kept worries away for quite some time, but now he found that the nearer they drew to the city, the more his anxiety increased. Rationally, he knew that the King and Queen of Gondor were both friends of his parents and liked Elfwine personally, but a niggling doubt worried him as to whether that would be enough for them to want him to wed their daughter. He knew that he had much to recommend him, but he also knew King Elessar well enough to know that the man would not judge solely on material considerations. And so, Elfwine fretted, all the while trying not to let Dariel or Eldarion know of his concerns. He was certain they would insist the worry was baseless, but he could not so easily set it aside. Riding into Minas Tirith with the heir to Gondor's throne was not like it was in Edoras. The people of Rohan thought warmly of the royal family, but generally did not make a big fuss over them publicly. Not so, in Gondor. Here, any royal passing by was a processional, and crowds were eager to gather and watch. Elfwine felt as though he was on display, despite his realizing that none of the Gondorians would have any inkling that he might be there for anything other than a visit. Although Eldarion had ridden with a full escort to retrieve his sister, Elfwine was accompanied by a small escort party for the return trip home. Elfwine had been honored that his father had sent Eothain as part of the escort, even though he suspected it was to act as a support. He had grown up around his father's closest friend, and sometimes Eothain had filled in, doing things with the boy when his father had to be absent. If his father could not accompany him for this task, he was glad to have Eothain along. Normally, as head of the King's Guard, Eothain only accompanied the king himself. The captain of Eldarion's escort was given the assignment of seeing the horses stabled and the other men of Elfwine's escort quartered. Eothain and Elfwine's manservant accompanied him to the seventh level with the royal siblings. Since no word had been sent on ahead of Elfwine making the journey, only Queen Arwen put in appearance to greet them. If she was surprised to see the young man from Rohan, it did not show in her face or reactions. After meeting each of her children with a kiss, she smiled warmly at him also, and kissed his cheek. "It is good to have you with us, Elfwine." He blushed at the comment and thanked her, then they were being guided to guest rooms. A short time later, Eothain knocked at Elfwine's door and sauntered in, eyeing the room. "One thing is certain, I do enjoy accompanying you royals on official visits! Otherwise I never get treated to such fancy quarters as these!" Elfwine chuckled, and replied, "Perhaps that is why Father does not let you come more often. He does not wish you to get spoiled!" Eothain laughed heartily. "I would not put it past him! On the other hand, if he does not bring me along occasionally, he runs the risk of my teasing him about his softness. He knows I cannot do so when I am being equally soft!" Eothain settled in a chair and glanced out the window over his shoulder. "Still, the heir of Rohan warrants a much better view than the captain of the King's Guard," he teased. Turning his attention back to the room, Eothain leveled his gaze on Elfwine. "So, you wish to marry Dariel, do you? I do not envy you that!" Elfwine was startled for a moment, but of course it made sense that Eothain would know his purpose here. "Why do you not envy me? She is both beautiful and intelligent, compassionate and kind." "Aye, and she is the daughter of Gondor's king! I was fortunate – my bride's family was all gone by the time we married. I did not have the torment of requesting her hand from a male relative. All I needed do was persuade the lady." Seeing Elfwine looking a bit concerned by this assessment, he rose and moved to place a hand on the young man's shoulder. "I am jesting with you, Elfwine. King Elessar is a good and just man, and I know full well he thinks very highly of you. I cannot imagine he would deny you this." Elfwine gave him a weak smile of relief, but was not entirely reassured. Eothain's voiced comments too closely mirrored his own thoughts. Just then, Eldarion put in appearance and informed them, "My parents have a prior engagement for supper this evening so they will not be joining us. It will just be us and the two of you. My other sisters are in Emyn Arnen with Lord Faramir and Lady Eowyn." Eothain rubbed his stomach and grinned. "A spacious room and fine food as well! I shall enjoy this visit! I must recommend to Eomer that I come in his stead more often!" Chuckling, Eldarion said, "Supper is in an hour, but you might want to come with me if you expect any company until then, Eothain. My sister was headed this way." As he spoke, Dariel arrived, wrinkling her brow curiously at the group in Elfwine's room.