Part 93 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. Soldiers (Oct, 36 IV) Phinion watched silently as Caranhir exited the pay tent with his last wages in hand. Their captain wished the man farewell and good luck, then moved away. As he did, Caranhir lifted his eyes and spotted Phinion, then quickly came to join him. "So, this is it, then?" Phinion asked, reluctant to part. "I still cannot quite fathom you are doing this. You truly wish to marry this girl?" Caranhir grinned and nodded eagerly. "Oh yes, my friend! I most definitely do! Already she is softening. I think when you meet her again you will hardly know her as the girl we first saw in Minas Tirith." Phinion shrugged, then extended his hand and they grasped arms in their usual comradely manner. "Then I wish you well, though I will miss your company greatly." Caranhir hesitated only a moment before drawing his friend into a brotherly embrace. "You take care. I do not want to hear of your demise, or even a serious wound. Stay sharp, even if I am not nearby to keep an eye on you!" Phinion laughed and drew back, pretending to be affronted. "Who kept an eye on who? I remember saving your neck more than once!" The two grinned at one another, then sobered. "You know where my family lives, and you know how to write to me. Stay in touch, my friend. Let me know where you settle and I will try to visit when I take my next leave, or if I am in the area," Phinion said. "You as well. I expect to hear from you at least once in awhile." Phinion suddenly smirked at the other man and asked, "So, have you told your family yet of your pending wedding? And who precisely you are marrying?" Caranhir smiled, a glint in his eye. "I thought I would take her to meet them and tell them then. Is that not sufficient?" Phinion choked back a laugh, answering, "Well, it certainly ought to raise their opinion of you, though they likely will be astonished at just how well you have done for yourself!" And then there was no more left to say, so they merely embraced again before Caranhir moved away to bid farewell to the other men, and then mount his horse. Nodding one last time to Phinion, he turned and rode toward Minas Tirith. xx Over the top of the book he was reading, Theodred watched his sister pacing agitatedly about the library. She would stop and feign interest for a moment, then begin her wandering again. Finally, he could stand it no longer and inquired, "Morwen, why are you so nervous? Are you not looking forward to seeing Caranhir again?" His sister jumped slightly at the question, as though she had just remembered there was someone else in the room. "What? Of…of course I am eager to see him. I just…this waiting is wearing on me, that is all." Theodred concealed his grin behind the book. He wasn't surprised by her denial, but he knew Morwen too well to believe her version of things. She might like to think what she said was the truth, but he knew better. Fortunately, just then a servant put in appearance, announcing Caranhir's arrival and holding the door for him to enter. For an instant, Morwen stared at him, wide-eyed, but whatever her misgivings about things, Caranhir was not equally hampered. In four long strides he reached her and swept her into his embrace, kissing her soundly. Theodred was torn between embarrassment and his responsibility as Morwen's chaperone. At length, when the kiss did not seem to be ending any time soon, he cleared his throat as loudly as he could. Morwen jerked away from Caranhir, though he kept her trapped in his arms, and flushed bright red at her brother witnessing their greeting. Caranhir, on the other hand, was completely unbothered by it and flashed the young man a grin. "Sorry! I did not see you there, Theodred. How have you been?" With a snicker, Theodred assured him, "I am well. And you?" "Never better! Especially," he said, turning to plant a kiss on Morwen's nose, "now that I have my lady back in my arms!" Morwen struggled against his hold, without success, still quite red. Finally giving in to her discomfort, Caranhir released her, but took her arm and guided her to the nearby couch, where he settled beside her. For the next several minutes, he caught up on news of Rohan with Theodred, giving Morwen time to regain her normal coloring and calm her hammering heart. "So, what is the plan?" Theodred inquired. "I have booked us on a boat to Linhir. I thought that might be easier on Morwen than an overland journey. How many of your guards will you wish to accompany us? I should not think you will need all of them on the river, and you should be safe enough in Linhir. Two?" As Morwen knew little of such matters, Theodred assumed it was his place to make the decision. "I think two will be sufficient. The rest can remain here until we return. And you are a Ranger, so you can act as a third guard also." Caranhir nodded his agreement to Theodred's proposal, pleasing the young man with his approbation. At just thirteen years, he was a bit young for this responsibility, and he was honored that his father had entrusted it to him. He wished to acquit himself well in how he handled things. Morwen had been sitting silently through their conversation, but now asked, "When will we leave?" Caranhir smiled warmly at her. "I was not certain when precisely you would arrive, so I booked the boat for three days from now. You may relax here in the city after your long ride, and we can spend time together." His grip on her hand tightened slightly. Once they had finally gotten together in Rohan, it was too close to the time he needed to return to the Rangers for them to have much occasion to become better acquainted. He was hoping they would have a chance to learn more about each other before he introduced her to his parents. Over the next few days, Theodred felt a bit out of place tagging along wherever his sister and her betrothed went. He was beginning to think he had been given this task not because his father trusted him, but because no one else wanted it. It was extremely awkward being around the two of them, even when they weren't kissing or being affectionate, and it was evident that they would much rather be alone. Eventually, he decided it was enough that he keep an eye on them without necessarily being in very close proximity to them, and he began trailing along some distance behind them rather than staying nearby. That seemed to suit everyone much better. While they were in the city, Theodred took time to stop in a stationer's shop he found on the fourth level, and obtain a couple more journals, several pens and additional ink. Not having spent a great deal of time away from Edoras, he wanted to be sure to record all that happened on this journey. At last they were on their way. Theodred was enjoying the boat ride immensely, so much so that he had to remind himself to check on his sister periodically, and not merely wander about the boat talking to the crew or watching the landscape slide by on the shore. But the second day out, their pleasant situation altered dramatically. At supper, Morwen nervously asked, "Tell me about your parents, Caranhir. Will they like me, do you think?" The closer they drew to Linhir, the more on edge she was becoming, and she hoped he would say something to allay her fears. Caranhir gave a snort of amusement. "Oh, yes, my sweet, they will like you! Very much indeed! Possibly more than they like me!" Both Morwen and Theodred gave him puzzled, questioning looks, so he continued, "My parents are very proper noble class. They have never cared much for my chosen profession or my rough behavior. When they learn who I am marrying, they will be greatly impressed that I did so well for myself! They will not have suspected I had it in me to win the hand of the daughter of Rohan's king!" He returned to eating, slightly annoyed at just how true his words were. He was almost sorry to be falling into the mold his parents had always intended for him. Granted, that had never crossed his mind when he met and became enamored of Morwen, but it was true all the same. He was so wrapped up in his own thoughts, he did not notice how silent and distant Morwen had become, but Theodred did not miss it. When the meal ended, Morwen excused herself and hurried away from them, leaving Caranhir to blink in surprise at her hasty departure. He had thought to spend the evening with her, perhaps enjoying the moonlight and a few kisses. It did not appear her intentions were the same as his. He leaned his chin on his twined hands, his elbows on the table with his brow knit in thought. Theodred shifted uncomfortably beside him, aware of the tension that had arisen with Morwen's abrupt departure. After a moment, Caranhir turned to look at him questioningly, raising an eyebrow in silent query. Recognizing the unasked question, Theodred said, "I think she is upset with you." "What did I do?" Caranhir asked, truly perplexed. "It was not what you did, but what you said, I think." Caranhir eyed him steadily, waiting for more, so he added, "I think she feels you may be marrying her because of who she is – to impress your parents. She – we, all of us – have grown up with people wanting to associate with us because of our position in society. Many of the nobles would gladly marry into Rohan's royal family if given half a chance. They do not require love to be involved. Morwen has always been more sensitive to that than my brothers or sister were before her." Caranhir sighed and rubbed his face, then turned to stare at the door through which Morwen had gone. Not entirely knowing what he intended to say, he rose and moved slowly in that direction. Theodred didn't need to be told that he would best not follow them this time. The one advantage to a boat was that Morwen's options were limited in where she could go. Leaving her cabin as the last resort, Caranhir made his way to the deck, and was not altogether surprised to spot her standing at the rear of the boat, shivering in the night air as she stared out over the water. With the stealth born of his years as a Ranger, he was behind her without her hearing his approach, and he wrapped his arms around her before she could notice him and leave. Even so, she stiffened in his arms and her displeasure was evident in every line of her being. He took a deep breath and then plunged in, opting for a direct, honest approach. "Morwen, regardless of what my parents think of you, I fell in love with you . The moment I first laid eyes on you I felt something I had never felt before. You were beautiful, yes, but more than that, you were charming and sweet and caring and…wonderful. And I knew I wanted you for my wife before I ever even knew your name, and long before I ever knew whose daughter you were. My friend, Phinion, thought