A/N: Erm…okay, fYr3 ph03nix, I did try – really, really tried – to get inspired once again on the Elboron chronicle, but I'm still coming up dry there. And then this came to me and I "had" to start writing it. You wouldn't want me to not write until I get going on Elboron, now would you? This tale is a bit more angsty than many of my stories, and romance is not the bulk of it, though that hovers in the background through much of it – be forewarned! I've put several informational notes at the bottom for your reference. FYI, I have discovered that many words I thought were too "modern" actually are much older than I realized (such as "animated", which dates back to 1534). While I try to avoid modern language, more of these will find their way into my stories now that I've found that out, though I do confess to sneaking in some words that didn't turn up until the 1600-1700s. (My source is found at www dot merriam-webster dotcom) BTW, you lot seem to have overlooked two wonderful tales: Gently Held by spacellamaprincess and Wonderful Tonight by Violin Ghost (she's also done a Narnia one that is very good, called "The Eve of Christmas Eve"). Check them out! After the Rain (Dol Amroth, April, 3020 III) Chapter 1 "Eomer…welcome. Welcome." Though Imrahil's greeting was cordial, I sensed something was amiss. Before the Prince had departed Edoras the previous summer, we had agreed that I would visit Dol Amroth during our venture to Gondor for Eowyn's wedding. While we had not set a specific date, Imrahil had assured me any time at all was fine with him, and I had thought to come before the nuptials, thinking we could travel to Minas Tirith together. Eowyn had not joined me, electing instead to go directly to Mundburg, eager to see her betrothed as soon as possible. Now that I was here, I got the distinct impression that my arrival had been overlooked, and possibly was not so welcome as Imrahil claimed. "Do I come at a bad time?" I asked. The Rohirrim were a forthright people, and I would not stay if it would inconvenience my friends. I was sure there must be a good reason for any reticence. Imrahil sighed heavily, and clamped a hand on my shoulder, drawing me with him. "Come inside and I will explain," he answered quietly. We moved into the palace, and though normally my eyes would have flicked about with interest to study my new surroundings, I was too preoccupied for such at the moment. Imrahil led me to his study, closing the door behind us. Silently, he moved over and poured us each a goblet of wine, handing one to me before seating himself in a chair. I followed his example and settled on a couch nearby, waiting to hear what he would say. For several long moments, nothing was spoken as Imrahil studied the wine swirling in his glass, but at length he offered, "You could not know, of course, and in the midst of it all I neglected to send word…" His voice trailed off momentarily, but then he pressed on more firmly, a slight hoarseness tinging his voice, "My wife…passed away, nearly a fortnight past. We are still…adjusting…to our loss. I confess, I had forgotten you were coming." Now that I looked more closely, I could see the lines of tiredness etched in his face, the dark circles under his eyes. He looked far older than when last we met. As he again lapsed into silence, I opted for honesty. "Would you prefer I leave, my friend? I can visit another time." "No…no," he hastened to declare, then raised weary eyes to add, "We stood by you in your grief. I would be grateful to have you with me now." I nodded, readily willing to offer my support. "Of course." I hesitated, then queried, "Do you still plan to travel to Minas Tirith for the wedding?" There was another long silence before he nodded, and straightened with determination. "Certainly! I would not have our sorrows taint this day of joy for Faramir and Eowyn. Though, I fear, I have lost track of time. I must hasten to make travel arrangements." "I am at your service," I sincerely assured him. "Command me as you will." "Thank you, my friend! That is most appreciated," he replied, smiling warmly. Rising, Imrahil moved to the door and sent a servant, lingering outside, to fetch his steward. Once the man had joined us, we set to determining the best way to effect our journey. It was decided that travel by boat up the Anduin would be the easiest, though I would send most of my escort party overland to meet us there. A party of Swan Knights would guide my men, and thus be in the White City to attend Imrahil and his family while there. Once the matter was planned, his steward left to make the arrangements, and the two of us had a quiet dinner there in his study, catching up on news. Even so, Imrahil's thoughts repeatedly drifted to his departed wife, quite naturally, and I spent much of the time indulging him in his reminisces about her and their life together. While I knew that many of the Gondorian nobility wed for practical concerns, and royalty often did so for the sake of alliance, clearly there had been love in Imrahil's union. He did not say whether it had always been so, right from the outset, but it mattered little. What was most important was that love had blossomed between them. Personally, I could not imagine taking a wife whom I did not love deeply even as we said our vows. Political alliances might have their place, but I was determined that they would not define my future. I had given much of myself to the Riddermark over the years, and I was prepared to give even more, until the day I died, but I would do it with a loving wife beside me. Though Eowyn married for love, and political considerations never entered her thoughts, still her wedding was extremely advantageous in that regard. As far as I was concerned, one such marriage in our family was sufficient, though I did not relish the thought of the arguments that would surely ensue with my counselors if I chose a bride they deemed 'lacking'. The afternoon was far spent when I at length retired to the chambers I had been given for the duration of my visit. Once the servant left me, I spent a little time examining the room. Like Mundburg, they used mostly stone in their constructions, and all was smooth and cool. The chambers were far larger than those in Meduseld, where only the king himself had anything so spacious. Just as in Minas Tirith, there were sunken chambers for bathing, and I grinned to myself. I had become quite spoiled with that guilty pleasure, and had been reluctant to leave them behind when at last I returned home. There was also a balcony which overlooked a garden that was already well in flower, as the warmer climate here did not hold the plants in check so long as happened in the north. Imrahil had mentioned his wife had a fondness for roses, and the fragrance from innumerable bushes wafted up to me. But along with that came a new smell – a salty tang to the air. The sea. The road here had given us snatched glimpses of it, but nothing like the view from the palace. It almost seemed that I could see for leagues, gazing out over unending expanses of water. Boats with brightly colored sails bobbed in the harbor below, and gulls wheeled and cried overhead. Both Imrahil and his sons had spoken much of their home, and I had been looking forward to seeing the sea for the first time in my life. I was not at all disappointed with this new sight, and I was eager to explore it more closely. The unexpected circumstances might mean I would need to do so more on my own than in the company of my friends, as I had originally planned, but either way I would make sure I got my fill before we departed five days hence. I was not sure what to expect at supper. I had met only two of Imrahil's sons, Erchirion and Amrothos, while at Minas Tirith. The eldest and heir to the throne, Elphir, had remained at Dol Amroth to rule in his father's stead while Imrahil was away at war in the north. Imrahil's wife and daughter had also remained at home during that time, and due to various reasons had neither joined us for the victory celebrations nor come to Edoras with the Prince for Theoden's funeral. Even then, I knew Imrahil's wife had suffered health difficulties, and his daughter had readily attended her mother. Additionally, Elphir's wife had birthed their second child, a daughter, and so both Imrahil's wife and daughter were eager to assist the new mother with Elphir's heir, Alphros, while she recovered from the birthing. Both husband and sons had spoken warmly of Sirrin, Imrahil's wife, and I wondered which was more difficult – losing a spouse or a mother. Certainly I had seen the devastating effects of the former in my own life. My mother had succumbed to her despondency when my father was killed, and even the needs of her two beloved children could not hold her to this world. Yet, Eowyn and I had suffered cruelly also in the loss of both our parents in so short a time. No, I was not sure I could determine which was the more difficult. A servant appeared, informing me supper would be served in an hour, so I retreated from my reverie to prepare. I was grateful to be among friends and not have to put on appearances for them. I dressed comfortably, as Imrahil had urged earlier, and made my way to the main hall at the appointed hour. I was directed to the dining room, where I was quickly greeted by Erchirion and Amrothos, though I noted the subdued manner of both. While we were engaged in trivial conversation, Elphir and his wife, Alcathir, arrived. As I was making their acquaintance, Imrahil came with his daughter on his arm. Imrahil and his sons were all handsome men, and I had seen many a lady of Minas Tirith eye them appreciatively. Although part of that might be attributed to their status, it had been evident those of the feminine gender were well pleased with what their eyes beheld also. Around a campfire one night, Amrothos had told me the tale of how their family supposedly had Elvish ancestry, and looking at Lothiriel, I could definitely believe the rumors were based in fact. When she brushed her hair back and I caught a glimpse of an ear, I half expected to see a pointed tip upon it. Gimli and I had once nearly come to blows over my failure to acknowledge the Lady of the Golden Wood as the fairest that ever lived. I had chosen, instead, Queen Arwen Evenstar, discovering that raven locks greatly appealed to me. Now, looking at this woman, I began to question whether Queen Arwen truly was the fairest lady of my acquaintance, for this woman was quite her equal. In some ways, I preferred Lothiriel's earthly allure over the ethereal perfection of the Elves. The only thing that marred her loveliness was the desolation in her eyes. It wrenched at my heart to see it, for she was far too young and fair to be so burdened. I became aware that Imrahil had introduced us, and I quickly bowed politely over her hand, pressing a kiss to her knuckles. She gave me a cordial smile, but her thoughts were not