A/N: This one is a bit unusual. Technically, it is AU to what little Tolkien wrote for details on Eomer & Lothiriel, but I do basically adhere to his story of their getting together. This idea just struck me and I thought it might be fun to explore it, as it opens up possibilities that we don't have if the story is done traditionally. As for other writing, just now my real life is in quite a bit of turmoil. That may either cause me to be too distracted to write anything or it may push me to write as a means of therapy. All we can do is wait and see. Lialathuveril has given me some additional thoughts on the Elboron story, so hopefully that will eventually see the light of day at some point. In the meantime, check out her story "Yours to Command" for a most unusual Lothiriel. Convenience Sometimes even when we take a wrong turn, we still end up on the correct road. Chapter 1 (Minas Tirith, Jul, 3019 III) "Eomer! Welcome!" King Elessar greeted his dear friend. The two men embraced, dispensing with the formality normally displayed by royalty, in favor of their usual easy camaraderie. The remainder of Eomer's party hovered behind him, and Elessar finally stepped back to nod at them collectively, "Welcome to you all. We will soon have you settled in your rooms so you may be refreshed after your long journey." With Elessar leading the way, and Eomer at his side, the group trailed into the King's house and had soon been directed to their lodgings for the night. They had been made aware that a small party would gather in the library for conversation and refreshment, for anyone who was inclined to participate, and then were left to their own devices. Some chose to wash and rest until suppertime. Others washed, freshened their clothing and then made their way to the library. Eomer was pleased to find that Imrahil and his family were already there when he arrived. It had been several months since he had seen his friends, and this time Imrahil had his daughter, daughter-in-law and grandson with him also. Introductions were made, and Eomer was surprised to discover that the woman holding the two-year-old boy was Lothiriel, and not the boy's mother. The child was snuggled so close into her embrace he had thought surely the pair belonged together, but apparently the young woman had a warm relationship with her nephew. Elphir had remained in Dol Amroth during the War, to rule in his father's absence and see to the defense of the city, so this was Eomer's first opportunity to acquaint himself with Imrahil's heir. He found Elphir to be a bit more sober than his younger brothers, but affable nonetheless, and Eomer was soon comfortably involved in a conversation with the man and his wife. They had been there socializing for nearly half an hour when the library door opened to admit a new person to their number. An older, stately woman moved into the room, bearing an infant in her arms, and the sight was so incongruous that all eyes curiously fell upon her. Eomer turned as the room became much quieter and, when he spotted the pair, he went quickly over to them, taking the child in his arms. The baby curled against his shoulder and continued to sleep, causing more than one eyebrow to raise. "I would like to introduce my aunt, Lady Minleoth of Aldburg," he said, and then went around the room giving the names of those gathered. Imrahil stepped forward to lay a hand on the baby's back, asking, "And who might this be, Eomer?" There was an expectant hush as all awaited the answer, and then a stunned silence when it came. "This is my son, Elfwine," Eomer told them quietly. Quick furtive glances darted between several people as they considered this new information, but no one quite had the nerve to ask for a more complete explanation of this astonishing revelation. Eomer had little doubt it would be much discussed behind his back, but at the present he had no inclination to go into any further detail about the matter. For the time being, they would simply have to think what they liked. With a quiet smile, Elessar quipped, "Are you attempting to best me by being the first new king to produce an heir, Eomer? Now my council will not let me rest until I have matched you!" All in the room chuckled, and the humor lightened the tension. Eomer well knew that sooner or later he would have to explain, and that the story would make the rounds. It had been rather unfair of him to spring this on his friends so unexpectedly, but how else could it have been done? Mentioned in casual conversation – "Oh, by the way, I have a son." Possibly he could have left the child in Rohan, and allowed them to discover it when they reached Edoras, but he had wanted the boy with him. He could not take lightly the responsibility of being a father. Through him this child had come into the world. He would not fail in caring for him. Already, he had come to love the infant more deeply than he had ever expected. His aunt had opposed traveling with a baby at such a young age, but there would be too many times they must be separated. This was not such an occasion, and he would not pass up having his son near whenever possible. Before the gathering broke up, his aunt approached and said quietly, "I must lay down for awhile, Eomer. You had best let me take…Elfwine…with me." Eomer didn't miss her hesitation in using the name he had given his son. Minleoth had named the child in his absence, and did not approve of the change he had made in that regard. For an instant, Eomer was torn, not yet ready to relinquish the boy, but recognizing the wisdom of her suggestion. He was still learning to care for an infant, and was not yet comfortable with feedings and diaper changes. A movement to his left caught his eye and he turned to find Lothiriel standing there. "My lord, would you perhaps allow me to care for the child. I know the ladies would enjoy a chance to hold a sweet-smelling baby if you are agreeable, and I am happy to see to any needs he might have until he is returned to Lady Minleoth." Eomer hesitated ever so briefly, but despite his aunt's disapproving look he nodded. "Thank you, Lady Lothiriel. I would appreciate your assistance. We should be fine with Elfwine until supper, Aunt. Go and rest. I will bring him to your room before we go eat, so Hild can put him down for the night." Reluctantly the older woman nodded, and excused herself. Once she was gone, Eomer turned apologetically to the woman standing beside him, "My aunt has not quite accepted that I am suitable for attending a baby, even my own son. I confess my skills in such matters are limited, but I am a willing student and I have gotten much better." Lothiriel laughed at his words. "I am sure you do fine, my lord, and clearly your son is comfortable in your arms. I have seen some men who are so agitated by the nearness of a baby that children are fretful whenever they come close. As for the skills, only time will remedy that!" She paused, then added, holding up her hands toward Elfwine, "May I?" Though loath to part with the boy so soon, he handed the infant over to her arms, and watched as Elfwine awakened, blinking up at the woman holding him. Gently she began to rock and croon to him, as she stroked his cheek with a finger. "My, what a handsome child, and those blue eyes are riveting." She looked up at Eomer, and then observed, "I assume he gets those from his mother, though in most other respects I believe he resembles you, my lord." For a moment, Eomer was unsure how to respond. Was she trying to lead him into conversation about his wife? But, no, she dropped her gaze back to the baby and seemed not to expect any comment from him. Other ladies in the room began to gather round, now that Lothiriel held the baby, one or two of them reaching out to stroke his hair or hand. Elfwine grinned at the attention, and Lothiriel shifted his position so he was facing outward in her arms and could look around him. Eomer almost felt superfluous, though he continued to hover nearby keeping a watchful eye. Imrahil joined him and observed with amusement, "Give a group of ladies an infant to admire and they are lost to all else in the room! I would say you have made quite a splash, Eomer, but I fear you are forgotten in their preoccupation with your son!" The two men chuckled, and Eomer allowed himself to be drawn into conversation once more, while he kept an eye on Elfwine from a distance. After half an hour, the child began to fuss a bit and instantly Eomer went on the alert, starting to move toward Lothiriel even as the child's nurse did likewise. Apparently Lothiriel had some experience with babies, however. Having checked the diaper, she commented, "I believe he must be hungry. Is there a bottle?" The nurse quickly produced one from a satchel she carried and handed it over. In Rohan, it was quite acceptable to nurse a child as needed, but Hild had been forewarned that Gondorian society frowned on such things. Accordingly, they had obtained a Gondorian nursing bottle for use when it was not possible to feed the child otherwise. Eomer was just pondering whether it would be rude to request she give his son back, and allow him to feed the infant, when Lothiriel looked up and asked, "Is feeding a babe one of those skills you have acquired, my lord? Should you like to attend your son or shall I do it?" Elfwine was beginning to squirm in agitation, and there was no time for Eomer to do more than flash a grin of gratitude, "I have not had occasion to learn how to do it, but I am willing to attempt it." Taking that as a request to do it himself, Lothiriel held out the baby for him to take, and once Elfwine was settled in his arms, offered the bottle as well, helping him to get everything started. After watching him for a moment, she chuckled, "You do very well, my lord. Apparently you have more aptitude and inclination than most men." She cast a meaningful glance at her eldest brother and Eomer grinned. "Elphir did not help feed his son?" "Oh no," she assured him with a solemn look. "That is not something the heir of Dol Amroth does!" She glanced again at her brother and then back at Eomer. "However, there is something very appealing in a man caring for an infant. Especially you who are such a renowned warrior. It is quite unexpected, but refreshing. One does not anticipate a warrior being so tender." The last was said quietly and, since most everyone had moved away from them, likely he was the only one to hear. He rather suspected she intended that, so as not to embarrass him, but he could not quite restrain a slight blush anyway. He had never undertaken the care of his son to impress anyone, but merely because he desired to do it. This was his child, a part of him, and he wanted to care for and protect him in all ways. It had never occurred to him to think it unusual. Indeed, in Rohan the fathers often were quite involved with their children, even as babies.