Part 172 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: Not only did Carrie Williams send me a beautiful family tree for LOTR, that included my additions from the Elfwine Chronicles, but she also sent a few story ideas for Chronicles, one of which took root immediately and temporarily interrupted my work on that new E/L story! And this almost was only about 2 pages, but then I remembered I had promised her to somehow address the ME version of "marshmallows". It took awhile to do that… Campout (January, 8 IV) "Eomer?" Lothiriel stirred, noticing the absence of her husband beside her. After a moment, a lightning flash drew her eyes to the window, where Eomer stood. He had the curtains drawn back, and was gazing out at the storm that had begun as they headed to bed. Sitting up, she reached for her robe, drawing it snugly about her against the bite of the chill air, as she rose and moved over to join him. Glancing out the window, she saw nothing of note to hold his attention so firmly. Her arm moved to circle his waist, catching his awareness and causing him to look her way, then raise an arm to draw her close. When still he did not speak, she ventured, "What is it?" At length, he answered regretfully, "Elfwine will be disappointed." He paused, then elaborated, "While his father could tolerate making camp in such conditions, and has done so many times past, I feel certain Elfwine's mother will not approve his joining me in doing likewise!" He cast a rueful look at her from the corner of his eye, but though she smiled at his words, her expression made it evident he had judged rightly in the matter. Finally, she murmured, "Were he a few years older, I might consider it, but at present he is too young for such an adventure, much as you both might enjoy it." They stood in silence several moments, as the elements raged outside, and then she turned to press a kiss to his shoulder. "Come to bed, my love. The storm will not cease sooner for your reproachful glare. You may take Elfwine out to camp another time." Lothiriel moved back toward the bed, removing the robe as she went, and Eomer watched her briefly before releasing a sigh and letting the curtains fall back into place. Stepping over to the fireplace, he stoked the fire before joining her in bed. Elfwine was going to be mightily disappointed by this, and the truth of it was, so was he. He got so little time to spend with his son, and he had very much been looking forward to their shared experience. His wife was already settled, and drifting back to sleep as he pulled the covers around him. When he reached to pull her near, she mumbled, " 'Tis a pity you cannot camp indoors…" A moment later, her soft breathing indicated sleep had taken her, but Eomer lay thoughtfully staring up into the darkness. Camp indoors… xxx Generally, when her husband awoke before she did, Eomer remained beside her in the mornings, until he had seen her properly kissed awake. Thus, Lothiriel was somewhat surprised to find him gone, even though she was awake earlier than usual. He had not mentioned any pressing business today; in fact, with the scheduled camping trip, his agenda should have been clear, but perhaps he was alerting Gamling to the change in plans. By the time she was dressed, and went to break the disappointing news to Elfwine of the altered circumstances, almost an hour had passed. Her son was out of bed and gazing mournfully out the window at the downpour. The look on his face made it clear that he had already guessed what effect the weather was to have on his expectations. Moving over to place an arm around his shoulders, she pressed a kiss to his head. "I am sorry, dearest. Papa truly did wish to take you away to the woods. He is as disappointed by this as you are. I am sure he will make every effort to reschedule as soon as the weather clears." Heaving a sigh, the boy nodded acceptingly, slowly turning away from the window and lethargically beginning to pull on some clothes. Lothiriel's heart wrenched at the sight, but what could she do? Even if she was willing to allow them to proceed, she did not think it would be all that enjoyable in such miserable conditions. It truly was for the best that they wait, hard though that was. The two made their way toward the dining chamber in silence. As they entered the Golden Hall, however, they came to a stunned halt, staring about them. One side of the hall had been cordoned off with dressing screens, though there were not enough of them, so ropes connected them and blankets had been hung over the ropes. And even more curious was that a few damp boughs of trees were strung from the dividers, dripping in increasing puddles on the floor. All the tables on their side of the dividers had been pushed far to the end of the hall out of the way and blankets thrown over to conceal them. More wet boughs were placed there, apparently in an effort to somewhat disguise what was hidden beneath. Her brow wrinkled in confusion, Lothiriel urged her son forward to investigate what was happening in their home. Midway down the section, there was what appeared to be a tent set up, and she automatically made for that, hoping for answers, though a guess was beginning to tickle her thoughts. Just as they neared the tent opening, Eomer stepped out and grinned broadly at them, looking quite boyish in his enthusiasm. "Camp indoors, indeed! An excellent notion, my love!" Then looking to his son, who still did not seem to quite grasp the situation, though his expression had become more hopeful, he added, "Perhaps the weather will not let us camp out in the wild, but we are men of action! We will make do with what we have, right?" Eagerly Elfwine answered, "Right!" He rushed forward and flung himself into Eomer's arms, hugging his father tightly, and Eomer grinned at his wife. Smiling in amusement, she nodded her approval at him. "And do the intrepid woodsmen require any assistance from me to get situated?" she asked. Eomer rubbed his chin, then informed her, "I suspect game will be scarce for our hunting, so perhaps some provisions would be in order." "And will the adventurers wish to have a breakfast with me before they embark on their outing, or shall they start their activities at once?" Eomer glanced down at his son and inquired, "Which do you prefer?" Elfwine thought a moment, then announced, "Mama will miss us while we are away. Perhaps we should eat with her this one last time before we go." Eomer grinned. "An excellent choice!" Then leaning close to his son, he added, "Speaking for myself, I always prefer someone else's cooking to my own!" Straightening up, he announced, "Besides, Freawine has not yet arrived so we cannot depart til he does." Elfwine giggled at his father's silliness, but his eyes went round at the new information. "Freawine gets to camp with us?" he asked eagerly. His father nodded. "But of course! He was to accompany us before the rain, so there is no reason to alter our plans. Gamling assures me he will be here within the hour." Elfwine was nearly jumping out of his skin with excitement, and led the way toward the dining chamber for their meal, dashing on ahead of them. Lothiriel moved over to slip her arm around her husband, and smile lovingly up at him. "It seems I have married a most clever man!" she teased. He shrugged, leaning in for a kiss. "The idea was yours; I cannot take credit for that. But once you put the notion in my head, with a little consideration, I was able to figure a way to accomplish it. It may not be much like actually being out of doors, but hopefully it will be better than having to miss the opportunity altogether." She leaned into his embrace as they followed their son. "Elfwine will enjoy any time spent with you, I am sure. But I do hope you know – I will not tolerate Firefoot joining you on this venture!" x Freawine had appeared shortly into their meal, and was quite amenable to eating a bit more. He had readily dashed off before finishing his own breakfast, when word came that their outing was not entirely cancelled. As she watched the boys eating and giggling between them, as they discussed what was to come, Lothiriel could not help wondering how Eomer intended to manage this. Hunting obviously was not an option; nor were any kind of hikes through the woods to look for animal tracks or learn more about reading their surroundings. Still, Eomer seemed at ease with whatever plans he had conjured for them, so she would trust him to please his eager proteges. She deemed it fortunate that the inclement weather, along with the king's 'absence', would discourage the usual amount of traffic through the hall. Even so, it was unavoidable that they would get some non-camp noise filtering into their campsite. A sudden worry struck her – Eomer's often pesky advisers. If they learned the king was not gone away, they were apt to appear and insist on doing business as usual. A glance at Eomer suggested that either the thought had not occurred to him, or he was not concerned with it. Returning her attention to her meal, she refrained from voicing her apprehension on the matter. If they attempted such, she would do whatever it took to prevent their interference. As the meal began to conclude, Eomer wiped his mouth and rose. "Gentlemen! Shall we be off? The day is wasting!" The boys instantly tumbled from their seats and ran to him, each grabbing a hand to tug him toward the hall. Curiously, Lothiriel rose as well to follow in their wake. As they reached the curtained off area, Eomer drew the children to a stop and suggested, "I think we had best say our farewells to Mama here. She will not want to venture far into the dark woods on foot, particularly knowing we will not be with her to see her safely home again!" Lothiriel barely restrained a laugh at her husband's silly posturing, but the boys were thoroughly enjoying the charade, and dutifully came to hug and kiss her goodbye until their return in two days. Eomer, also, kissed her cheek and told her cheekily, "We will be back before you know it, my love! Do try not to miss us too terribly!" "Fool!" she hissed softly, kissing him. Then she drew back and looked tenderly up at him. "I love you! You are a wonderful father and an excellent husband!" He grinned, gave her a nod and stepped over to hold the blanket aside. "Let us be off!" Giggling madly, the boys dashed inside the enclosed area, and Eomer followed, letting the blanket cover their trail. Only as it fell back into place did Lothiriel notice that a line of Riders had taken up position along the length of the enclosure. Instantly she understood that Eomer, too, had perceived the danger, and taken measures to see their adventure went unmolested by his unimaginative advisers. Smiling broadly at the nearest man, who flashed her a conspiratorial grin, she turned away to start her day. Meanwhile, deep in the forest, Eomer led the boys to the tent. Turning to them, he folded his arms over his chest,