Intersecting Paths A/N: Okay, here's the deal. Waaaaayyyyyy back in Oct. 2004 when I first discovered LOTR, I was smitten (gasp!) with Legolas (oh come on - he's so pretty!). The first ever LOTR story I ever wrote, er...started to write, is below - and, yes, it is a Legomance. It is probably a bit Mary-Sue-ish, also. But I wrote about 25 pages of it before I abandoned it to move on to Eomer. Recently that got to bugging me, having it laying around unfinished, so I decided to try and wrap it up and get it posted (for good or ill). Not so simple as it sounds, since my knowledge of Tolkien was a bit slim at that point (you will find evidence of that below!). I did change some things that were easily fixed (now that I know better), including really bad names for people (well, okay, the horse didn't get a new name just because I kind of liked it and didn't want to bother figuring out a new name). And you'll have no trouble spotting how far I got into this story before I started being distracted by Eomer - he kind of starts taking over center stage... So, good literature this ISN'T! Possibly amusing, definitely fluff - read it if you haven't got anything better to do while you wait for me to write more Eomer stuff! (Okay, Jazzcat, you wanted to see this…) Chapter 1 The trek from Edoras to Helm's Deep was a fairly solemn affair. Everyone felt the threat hanging over their heads, but with Theoden leading them once more and the prospect of the stronghold to protect them, few realized the bleak outlook they were facing. Only the three outsiders seemed to grasp what was coming, but they kept silent. The attack by the Warg riders was unexpected and took a heavy toll. Aragorn, at first, felt relief that they had won this skirmish, though he knew it was merely a portend of much worse things to come. Gimli was moving toward him, wiping the blood from his axe, but there was no sign of Legolas. Aragorn's muscles tensed; where was the Elf? Frantically, his eyes began searching the vicinity for his friend, his voice calling out loudly, "Legolas?" Gimli took up the cry as well and entered the search. Their worry eased when they heard an answering call from just behind a large rock. They raced forward and knelt by the Elf's side. There was an arrow in his left shoulder and a blade had made a cut in his right leg. Clearly he was in some pain, but he tried to smile reassuringly at Aragorn, "I am alright, my friend. It could be worse." Aragorn halfheartedly returned the smile but dashed off to get his horse. Together he and Gimli were able to get Legolas on the horse, in front of Aragorn, who raced for Helm's Deep at breakneck speed. Before he had gone more than a few miles, he found the end of the straggling line of refugees. They turned eagerly at the sound of his horse's hooves to learn what news of the battle. As he drew the horse to a walk, a woman came toward him on horseback and reached toward Legolas, "Your friend is injured." He nodded, "Are you acquainted in the ways of healing?" "I am." "Then, please, will you tend him? I am needed with the soldiers," he urgently replied. She nodded and moved her horse closer so Legolas could transfer to her mount, pulling him in front of her. Aragorn smiled his gratitude, "Take care of him, please, and keep him safe." She nodded again and watched as he turned, but then he looked back at her, "Your name, my lady?" "I am called Módwyn, my lord." He inclined his head to her and rode quickly away. Legolas was struggling with consciousness due to his blood loss and she knew he would be difficult to manage if he blacked out. She glanced behind her toward the group heading to the Deep, and then, with a determined look, faced her horse in another direction. "Leander," she spoke to her horse, "we must go to the secret healing place. Quickly!" With a toss of his head, the horse wheeled northward and picked up his pace until he was in a rolling gallop. It took over an hour for the trip and she was relieved to see no one, friend or foe, on the way. Leander slowed to a walk and moved quietly into the forest. A short distance in, he stopped beside much brush fronting a large rocky mound that towered several feet over their heads. Módwyn slid to the ground, steadying the still barely conscious Legolas with one hand. Leander pivoted to keep his side to her while she pulled away brush to reveal a cave entrance. Carefully, they maneuvered inside, going back some fifty yards before reaching the back wall. The outside light did not reach far along their path, but she knew the way well from previous use of this location. Leander bent his legs and slowly lowered himself to the ground. After spreading a blanket and easing Legolas onto it, Módwyn hurried back to conceal the cave entrance once more. When she returned to the horse and Elf, she had an armload of pitch-plant. With it she set about lighting a smokeless fire and soon the cavern blazed with light. Going through her supply of herbs and plants, she saw she had too little of those she needed to stop the bleeding and help fend off infection. Pulling some of each into her hand she moved toward the horse. "Leander," she told him, holding out the two plants, "I need more of these. As much as you can find." She removed his bridle and riding pad, then held out a large loose bag to him. Together they moved to the cave entrance and she cleared an exit for him. "Be careful," she whispered to him as he moved quickly outside and she re-covered the hole. Along the back wall of the cave, water trickled into a pool at the base and she pulled a pot free from her belongings and brought some water to the fire. When it was heated, she removed his tunic and began her examination of the Elf's wounds, then set about cleaning what she could of them. As Legolas was still mildly conscious, she mixed a tea of painkiller and helped him drink it. He would need it when it came time to remove the arrow. She took some Athelas plant and packed it in the wounds until Leander returned with the plants she needed. The Elf looked up at her with hooded eyes that didn't really seem to be taking in what was happening. She fidgeted fretfully, anxiously awaiting her supplies. Impatiently she stood and returned to the cave entrance, and was relieved to hear Leander's soft whinny just as she approached it. She quickly admitted him and they moved back to the firelight. Working swiftly, her fingers familiarly prepared the needed medications. Then, taking a deep breath, she set about removing the arrow from the Elf's shoulder. Even though he was largely unconscious by then, he let out a soft moan of pain as it was pulled free, then lay palely quiet on the blanket. In minutes the wound was cleaned, and packed with infection-fighting plants and others to stop the bleeding. Once his shoulder was bandaged, she set to work on his leg wound. Several minutes later, she sat back and gave a sigh. Now all she could do was wait. After sitting watching him for several minutes, she set about preparing her campsite and fixing a meager meal. xxxxx When the soldiers reached Helm's Deep, Aragorn immediately set about looking for Legolas. To his consternation, no one he asked had seen the Elf. For a moment panic began to overtake him; where could they be? There had been no further trouble in reaching the stronghold. More determinedly he asked the refugees if they had seen him or if they knew of the woman, Módwyn. At last he found an old woman who had been nearby when he had brought Legolas to the group. "Yes, I know Módwyn, my lord. After you left, she rode off toward the north with your friend." Aragorn stared at her with alarm and confusion, "What? Why?" Without realizing what he was doing, he grasped the woman by the shoulders. Calmly she placed her hands on his arms and patted him reassuringly, "Don't worry. Your friend is in good hands. Módwyn is a healer of both man and horse. She will take good care of your friend." He dropped his hold on her and bolted to the nearest tower, gazing off into the distant north. He hadn't really expected to see anything and so was not surprised when he didn't. Softly he whispered to the wind, "Be well, Legolas. Be well." xxxxx As night settled on the forest, the chill seeped into the cave. While pitch-plant burned smokelessly and virtually odor-free, it gave off more light than warmth. Módwyn built several fires in a large circle around them to help fight back the cold, then brought out all her blankets. Laying down next to the Elf, she slid close to him and wrapped them both in the blankets. His hands were very cold and she rubbed them to try and get his circulation working. Had he been awake, she would have given him some hot soup to help warm him, but that wasn't presently an option, so all she could do was try to generate as much body warmth between them as possible. She had left enough room in the fire circle for Leander to join them, and she called to him softly, "Leander, come lay down here." The horse moved to opposite of the Elf from her and did as instructed, providing a barrier of warmth on that side of her patient. Knowing it might be a long night, she tried to relax and perhaps sleep. Eventually she did drift off, but was awakened several hours later by Legolas' restless tossing and turning. Feeling his forehead, she noted his temperature was elevated. Quickly, she rose and built up the fires again. Then she set about recleaning and draining the wounds of any signs of infection. She repacked them with fresh medication and rebound them. For almost an hour she sat watching him, and when his fretfulness eased and he felt slightly cooler to the touch, she lay back down and pulled him close again. Even without his disturbing her with his tossing, she awoke several times in the night and repeated her earlier ministrations. xxxxx When Legolas tried to turn over he found himself snugly wrapped in blankets. There was a large, warm object on his right side and something much smaller on his left, close to his side. There was little light but after a few moments his eyes adjusted enough that he could see the larger object must be a horse. He turned his head the other way and realized it was a woman sleeping at his side. A furrow creased his brow and he tried to remember how he had gotten here and who she might be. There was a vague recollection of a long horse ride, but he could not bring the particulars sharply into focus. He turned to look at her again and as he did, he realized her arm was resting across his chest. A smile tweaked his mouth as it struck him amusing that he was lying there so intimately with someone he could not remember. Suddenly she drew a deep breath, and her eyes opened to see him staring at her. Quickly she sat up and gave a pleased smile, "You are awake! That is a good sign." He wasn't sure at first what she meant by 'a good