Part 101 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: Thanks go to Tracey for her persistent nudges to keep me moving on this, despite the interference of Real Life. And there are still another two waiting in the wings. This story is 3 chapters, though the final chapter is quite a bit shorter than the other two. You lot were so kind as to give me 10 reviews on Duet, that I won't delay starting to post this. Also, if you are following the wonderful Boromir story Champions: Out of the Past, a new chapter is up. It is actually both a LOTR and Boromir story, and quite unusual. Well worth reading. Decisions (Apr, 23 IV) Chapter 1 The rain could not dampen Caffola's spirits as he rode to Edoras. Byldan had sent him off to the city for a fortnight, and he was looking forward to seeing the royal family – his family – and Tamwen. Over the past nearly three years, he had spent time with her whenever he was able to come to town. After the third such visit, in his mind, he had begun a courtship, though he had never actually put it into such words. During that time, his dancing had improved, and he had danced with many girls on his visits. He had even spent a bit more time with one or two of them, getting to know them, but none held his attention as Tamwen did. Truly, she must be one of the finest girls he had ever known, and he was honored that she seemed to find him worthy of her notice. He had been saving all his wages, and sold a foal from Lithemeg that had brought a handsome price. Byldan had let him begin building a home of his own on their property almost two years ago, and it was nearly finished. Now was the time – he would ask for Tamwen's hand in marriage. At last he had something substantial to offer her. xx Tamwen rubbed at her forehead fretfully, listening in silence to her parents' comments. "Feladyrne is a good man, and he would well be able to provide for you, Tamwen. Why do you hesitate?" her mother questioned. With a sigh, she tried to explain her reserve with Feladyrne. "I do not deny he has been most attentive and accommodating, Mother, but I just…do not have those kind of feelings for him. There is something about him that…." She trailed off, unsure of what she meant, much less knowing how to say it so it made any sense. Her mother crossed her arms and frowned. "You are still hoping that other boy – Caffola – will make an offer," she accused, and Tamwen knew she could not honestly deny that. "Caffola is–" she began, but her father interrupted. "Caffola is not here and not reliable. Do you truly wish to go off and live on the plains in some drafty cottage with meager means? That is all that boy can offer you. Feladyrne has a good job here in town, and comes from a good family. We do not even know anything about Caffola's past." "That is not so!" Tamwen defended. "I know a great deal of his past. He is an orphan from the Westfold, who has become like a member of the family to our king. Does that not speak well for him? And he is a hard worker. He would never let me be in want." "Tamwen," her mother sighed, "you need to marry, and both your father and I think Feladyrne is the better prospect. It is time for you to give up this flirtation with Caffola and focus your attention on Feladyrne. I am certain he will soon make an offer. You are to tell Caffola in your next letter that your affections have turned elsewhere. It is for the best. If you continue this infatuation, Feladyrne is likely to lose interest." For an instant, Tamwen stared at her parents in disbelief of this ultimatum, but then she dropped her eyes. It was true that Caffola had given her no indication that he ever desired to make their association something more permanent. Clearly he enjoyed her company, but in all the time she had known him he had never spoken of marriage. Perhaps she had been foolish to think he was inclined along those lines. Feladyrne was here and attentive, and likely her parents were right that it was time to be sensible and settle down. "Very well," she murmured listlessly. The capitulation gave her no pleasure. She was very fond of Caffola…. xx Dengel watched Feladyrne with amusement as he carefully brushed his hair. "I have never seen a man primp as you do!" he laughed. "What is the occasion?" Feladyrne smirked at his friend over his shoulder. "When there is a young lady involved, a man must pay attention to his grooming! You might want to keep that in mind!" He turned back to check his appearance in the looking glass one final time. "I am very close to getting her right where I want her. Once I have done that, if she pleases well enough, I may enjoy sampling her delights for awhile. Otherwise, I will move on to someone else." Dengel's eyes narrowed in puzzlement. "You are only looking for a bit of pleasure with this girl? I thought surely your efforts must be leading to marriage." "Marriage? Me? I am not the marrying kind, my friend. There are far too many women to enjoy for me to settle down with just one. Once I am tired of this one, I will move on to greener pastures." Dengel frowned and shook his head. "I will not deny I have enjoyed the company of a woman or two before this, but I could not use someone so callously as you do. It is not right." Feladryne was satisfied with his appearance and laid down the brush. "It is not a matter of what is right or wrong. I will make sure she enjoys the experience – while it lasts. I can be most pleasing and accommodating when I choose. Then she can go off and marry someone else, all the wiser for having known me." With a wink, he moved to the door and was gone. Dengel sighed after he left, and shook his head again. Regardless of what Feladyrne said, he could not think well of this behavior. He hoped the young lady would not be too hurt by his friend's actions. xxxxx Having gotten a late start, Caffola did not reach Edoras until well into the evening. He had had a busy day of work prior to his departure, so after a quick bite of food and brief greetings with the royal family, he was more than ready to turn in for the night. Though he was eager to see Tamwen, he did not want their reunion to be rushed if he was going to ask for her hand. The next day dawned bright and sunny, and the light rain that had been falling had ended during the night. Caffola quickly washed and dressed, then set out for the Golden Hall, to eat and seek his beloved. The former was easily accomplished, but when he inquired after Tamwen, he was told she had the day off and was away from Meduseld. Sighing with disappointment, he focused on his meal. Elfwine came to join him a short time later and they chatted briefly. Then as they fell silent, Elfwine studied him for a few moments. They had not had much opportunity to talk the previous night but now, looking more closely at his friend, he could tell there was something on Caffola's mind. "Do you wish to speak of it?" Elfwine asked quietly. Caffola's eyes came up to gaze questioningly at him, but found Elfwine merely eyeing him expectantly. With a grin, Caffola told him, "It is truly annoying that you know me so well!" Elfwine chuckled and raised an eyebrow as he replied, "You are not difficult to read, Caffola. I have never known anyone more open and straight-forward than you." Once Caffola joined in his laughter, Elfwine prompted, "So?" Caffola shrugged, trying to appear nonchalant, then admitted, "I hope to…have Tamwen accept my suit." He looked cautiously at his friend, awaiting a reaction to this news. Elfwine ducked his head as he grinned, then looked up and snickered, "It is about time!" Caffola flushed red, but defended, "I did not want to speak of it until I had something to offer her." He jutted his jaw and teased, "Not all of us are born royal and may marry whomever we wish! A woman knows you can provide for her, but the likes of me must prove it!" Elfwine rose from his seat, but paused to look down and sincerely answer, "Perhaps, but you will do fine. She could not ask for a better husband, and certainly not one who loves her more." Caffola again blushed as Elfwine added, "I must be going. I will see you at the dance tonight." For the remainder of the day, Caffola was somewhat at loose ends. Normally he brought horses with him when he visited Edoras, but that was not the case this time, so he had none that needed his attention other than his own mount. He spent some time with the royal family, and Lothiriel selected more books for him. Once their lessons were done, later that afternoon, Theodwyn wanted him to spar with her, and Theomund agreed to come watch though he was not terribly interested in participating himself. Finally, tired and sweaty, they called it quits and returned to Meduseld to wash, and prepare for the festivities that evening. As the time drew closer when he would see Tamwen, Caffola became more nervous. He had not seen her since the previous fall, though they had written regularly. He very much hoped he was not mistaken about her regard for him, and that his proposal would be well received. Likely, he should have given her some indication before this of his feelings, but he had never quite known how to go about it, and so it had been easier to hope she understood from his actions. Theodwyn appeared at his door, knocking energetically, and he went to open it with a grin. He could always tell it was her by the way she knocked. "Come!" she exclaimed, as soon as she saw him. "You must promise me the first dance!" She caught his arm and began tugging him toward the main hall. With a laugh, he followed along. "Very well, but I cannot imagine why you would not wish to give that honor to one of your brothers – say, Theomund?" She snorted at the suggestion and they both laughed. Theomund had already developed the reputation of being a careless dancer, and Theodwyn did not care to have her toes trod on, though she would sometimes risk it when desperate for a partner. " You are one of my brothers – and both taller and a better dancer than Theomund! Stop trying to get out of it!" she declared, and they laughed again, though he was touched by her sentiment. Theodwyn was not often open with her feelings about others, but he was pleased she thought so well of him. Already the hall was beginning to fill, and the small crowd was milling around in eager anticipation. The dance tonight was part of the Spring Festival that would run throughout the week in Edoras. Everyone was relieved that the rain had disappeared and they could have a dry celebration, since much of it would take place outdoors. By the time the gathering was being seated for the