Part 53 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: Many, many thanks to Tracey for helping me re-find my focus for this story. As you can tell by the dates at the end of the story, I've been struggling with it for over four months. Many of her suggestions are included in this final version, though at least one will probably turn up elsewhere as it didn't seem to have a natural place to occur here. I've left my time references in for your information. I needed them to keep track of how much time had passed, what the weather would be at a given point, etc. You may find them useful as well. This story is a follow-on to my story "Acceptance" and picks up a few months after that ends. Obstacles (Nov, 25 IV) Chapter 1 Eomer nodded, and Gamling called the company to order. All eyes fixed on the king as he rose to announce, "I have tidings of joy to bring you this day. Freawine, son of Gamling, Doorward of Meduseld, asks that Theodwyn, Lady of Rohan, be his wife, and she grants it full willing. Therefore they shall be trothplighted before you all. Because my daughter is yet young, the courtship will be of some length, but they are eager to share these tidings with you." Then Freawine and Theodwyn stood forth and set hand in hand; and all there drank to them. That done, the feast continued with even more festivity than before. Theodwyn was so caught up in happiness, that she was practically floating. She wanted to dance every dance with Freawine, but he finally persuaded her to sit a few out now and then, to catch their breath. Not everyone in the hall was pleased by the announcement, however. Haman stood among a group of his friends, making derogatory comments about Freawine. The others laughed, though some of them were a bit uneasy with the conversation. They really had nothing against Freawine, but they knew that Haman had thought to win the honor of being the king's son-in-law, and was not happy to find it likely to be filled by another. His comments became louder the more he drank, despite some of the young men attempting to get him to keep his voice down. A moment later, Haman felt a hand gripping each of his shoulders. Looking left and then right, he discovered he was flanked by Theomund and Elfwine. Quietly, Elfwine told him, "It would seem you have had too much to drink, Haman. Let us escort you home." Both hands on his shoulders gripped tighter and they began propelling him toward the door. Before he could protest, he was on the front terrace, where he wrenched himself free and turned angrily to face them. "I am not drunk, and I am not ready to leave the feast just yet!" The two young men folded their arms over their chests and moved shoulder to shoulder. "Then you need to be ready to leave now, or keep your mouth shut from here on in," Elfwine snapped. "We will not tolerate any further comments about Freawine, who will soon be our brother, but whom we already think of as one now." Haman glared at them, but thought better of attempting to force the issue. The couple was not married yet, and the king had said there was to be a long courtship. There was still time to change the outcome. For now, he would bide his time. He turned on his heel and stormed away, with as much dignity as he could muster. xxxxx (Dec, 25 IV - Nov, 26 IV)(Theodwyn turns 18 in Nov, 26 IV) In the months that followed, Theodwyn found it even more difficult to have Freawine gone with his eored. Now, more than ever, she wished to have him near her, but she took the opportunity to learn and do all she could to prepare herself for marriage, in hopes her father would see her as ready before too much time had passed. Freawine made a greater effort to send her letters when he could, and Eomer let his daughter know when a courier was being sent to the eored so she could send letters along to him. That somewhat eased the loneliness of their separation. Despite Theodwyn's efforts at being more ladylike and responsible, she still had a natural tendency to act before she thought, and such was the case one day when she met Haman in the street. Seizing the opportunity, Haman began his campaign to undermine Freawine's worth in her eyes, telling her, "Theodwyn, be sensible. Surely you do not wish to marry a soldier. His father is a Doorward. That is little more than a servant, and Freawine does not even have that questionable distinction. You are royalty and born to nobility. I can offer you far more than he ever could. It is not too late to change your mind!" Theodwyn tried to act rationally, and stay calm, but then he added, "You need a man of intelligence and learning, not some uneducated peasant!" It was too much – before she knew it, she was shaking her hand in pain and he had stumbled back from her, holding his left eye. She had not intended to punch him, but she could not listen to him insulting her beloved. Turning haughtily, she strode quickly away from him, trying to hide how much the blow had hurt her. A short time later, Elfwine passed her room and was surprised to look in through the partially open door to see her soaking her hand in a bowl of water. "Theodwyn? What is the matter with your hand?" She jumped slightly and blushed, answering, "It is nothing. Do not be concerned." Instead, he stepped into the room and pulled her hand out of the water to examine it. Her fingers and knuckles were beginning to bruise and he looked up at her questioningly. "Try again, sister. This is not 'nothing'." She let out a sigh as she pulled her hand from his and put it back in the water. "I did not mean to do it. I was just so angry, it happened before I could stop myself." "What are you talking about?" Elfwine asked, though reluctant to hear. Resignedly, she relayed what had taken place, and her reaction to it, carefully avoiding his gaze. An instant later, she looked up in surprise when he burst out laughing. "You hit him? Excellent! I hope his eye is very black and he has to think up some excuse for it! Oh, sister, you are priceless!" He strolled out of the room, still chuckling to himself, and Theodwyn couldn't help but smile as well. Haman had deserved it. She wasn't planning to tell anyone of the incident, but she didn't have to. Once Elfwine caught a glimpse of Haman's eye and heard the lame excuse he was making for it, he began spreading the word of what really had happened and, though few confronted Haman about the matter, they grinned a bit more than was warranted whenever he offered his 'explanation'. Unaware of what Elfwine was saying, Haman decided to take a different tack and try to get to Theodwyn through the king. A few days after the altercation with Theodwyn, he sought an audience with the king and asked permission to court his daughter. Eomer eyed him questioningly. "Are you not aware that she is trothplighted to Freawine?" "I am aware, my lord, but surely you do not wish for your daughter to marry a soldier . What sort of life could he give her? He would bring her into humble circumstances when she has been raised in luxury. I, on the other hand, am a noble and could offer her much. I am sure you see that I would be the superior suitor for her hand," Haman bragged. The king rubbed his chin as he eyed the young man distastefully. He didn't care much for the boy's father, and it appeared the son was cut from the same cloth. Standing abruptly, the king replied, "I am sorry, Haman. The decision of who Theodwyn weds is up to her, not me. Unless she indicates to me a desire to have you court her, I will leave matters as they are." Clearly Haman was not happy with this decision, which both amused and pleased Eomer. The pompous... He checked his thought long enough to dismiss the young man. Once he was gone, Eomer had Gamling send for his daughter. Theodwyn arrived a few minutes later. "You wished to see me, Father?" Mischievously, Eomer solemnly told her, "Yes, I may have some bad news for you. Have a seat." Looking slightly worried, Theodwyn tried to remember if she had done anything lately to upset her father, but could think of nothing. Watching him apprehensively, she waited for him to explain. Standing, Eomer paced the room with his hands behind his back as he said, "I have just received a visit from another young man seeking to court you. It would seem more than one man is taken with your charms. However, though you may hate me for deciding such without consulting you, I could not in good conscience allow him to proceed in a courtship. I hope you will not be too angry with me." Eomer knew full well that his daughter was not terribly fond of Haman, but he couldn't resist teasing her a little. Unable to conceal her curiosity, Theodwyn demanded, "Who was it, Father? I know of no one who might seek my hand." "Haman," he replied, forcing a serious look on his face. "Haman! That overgrown, pompous, arrogant –" Before she could finish listing all of Haman's qualities, her father burst out laughing. "I get the idea, dearest! Trust me, I did not think you would be much disappointed!" Theodwyn grinned in return and ran to throw her arms around her father. Before she could stop herself, she said, "If it would disappoint me, I would not have punched him in the eye!" She had not meant to confess it, thinking it undermined her efforts to seem less childish and immature, but to her surprise, her father howled with laughter. "Is that what happened to his eye? Oh, I would love to have seen that! I have often wanted to do the same to his father!" The two collapsed against one another, laughing heartily at the mental image of father and son sporting twin blackened eyes. That evening, when Eomer returned to his bedchamber to wash before supper, he found his wife just returned from town and a smirk on her face. Grinning at her curiously, he asked, "Not that I mind seeing you thus, but what has you so cheerful today?" She moved into his arms and gave him a kiss, a gleam of mischief in her eye. "I have just learned the reason for Haman's black eye!" She stepped away and began pulling off her gloves as Eomer watched her a bit uncertainly. He had hesitated to mention it to her, but this was not the reaction he had expected. Apparently unaware of his confusion, she continued, "It seems Haman elected to insult Freawine in front of our daughter. When he exhausted her patience, she struck him! To cover up his embarrassment he is telling some pitiful story about running into a door that was opened unexpectedly. Can you believe him?" Eomer chuckled and shook his head. Coming up behind his wife, he wrapped his arms around her shoulders and reached around to kiss her cheek. "I thought you did not approve of violence, particularly from our daughter whom you are trying to make into a lady. Now I find you gleeful at her