Part 90 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: Because several of you wanted to know more… This is a follow-on story to Leadership. Best to read that first. Serendipity (Apr, 17 IV) Edoras . All his life he had wanted to come here. The finest horses in the Riddermark were surely here – found in the king's stables. With any luck, he would be able to join an eored, and spend the rest of his days as a soldier, on the back of a powerful war horse. Nudging Mithlig with his heels, he rode the aging gelding toward the city entrance. Compared to his small village, the city was an awesome sight, crouching on the green hill below the White Mountains. He could not restrain the nervous twinge in his stomach as the gate guards let him pass, giving him an amiable nod after directing him where to go. They watched him ride off up the hill. "Rather young, I would say," one observed. His companion nodded, "Aye, but he seems eager. Maybe they will find something for him to do. Wonder where he got that horse, though. Seems too fine an animal for such a lad." With no possible answers forthcoming, they turned their attention back to their duties and the visitor drifted from their thoughts. Caffola had spied the training field just where the guards had indicated to him and, taking a deep breath, rode over and dismounted. There were a number of young men about his age undergoing sword practice in the arena, and a large man was leaning on the fence watching with a practiced eye. He turned as Caffola approached and stammered, "I…I am here to join an eored. Who should I see about it, my lord?" The big man eyed him closely up and down, thinking he looked vaguely familiar, then replied, "That would be me. I am Captain Eothain. Who are you?" "I am Caffola, my lord," he answered, striking a pose as close to attention as he could muster. In the training ring, the goings-on seemed to have caught the attention of the men leading the exercises, and activity came to a halt as everyone turned to watch and listen to the exchange. Caffola tried not to let all the eyes upon him unnerve him, but kept his gaze fixed on Lord Eothain's chin. Unnoticed by him, Elfwine had edged closer, to better hear what was happening. He had not seen Caffola in several years, but he was certain it was the young man he had known and surely the horse was Mithlig. "How old are you, lad?" Eothain asked kindly, but firmly. It was clear that he expected an honest reply, and though Caffola was tempted to fudge a little, with reluctance he confessed, "I am fifteen years my lord, but I will be sixteen in seven months." He gave Eothain a pleading look. Eothain sighed. Much as he could feel for the boy's desire to join an eored, it could not be allowed. Grasping his shoulder, Eothain told him gently, "I am sorry, Caffola. Come back in seven months and I will consider you, but until then there is nothing I can do. You are too young." The boy's jaw tightened as he fought to keep his emotions under control. This had been his only chance. He could not go home. There was no home to go back to, and he would not make Mithlig suffer any longer at his uncle's hands. Turning hastily on his heel, he swung up on the horse and moved away before he embarrassed himself. As the excitement seemed ended, Eothain turned back as Thaldur was just dismissing the rest of the lads for the day. Eothain gave them a few instructions, and directed them where to meet in the morning, then set them at liberty. As soon as he did, Elfwine was off in an instant, hurrying down the hill in the direction Caffola had ridden. The gate guards indicated the boy had left, but that they thought he was somewhere out on the barrowfields as they had not seen him ride farther off down the road. It took some time for Elfwine to locate him, sitting and sobbing into his crossed arms as Mithlig grazed nearby. For a moment, he hesitated, knowing it would embarrass the other young man to be seen weeping, but only if they talked could he be of any help. "Caffola?" he called softly. The boy jolted from his misery and lurched to his feet, staring at the other person who had joined him. It took several minutes before he seemed to realize who it was. "Elfwine?" Elfwine nodded and took a hesitant step forward, smiling tentatively. "It has been a while. I did not expect to see you here." "You…you look different. Your hair is darker." Caffola thought his remark rather ridiculous, but he was feeling decidedly awkward under the circumstances. Taking the initiative, Elfwine moved forward and pulled him into an embrace. "It is good to see you, all the same. Welcome to Edoras, my friend." Gradually Caffola relaxed into the embrace and returned it. "It is good to see you also. Is your father well? And you?" "We both are. And you?" Caffola's face fell, and he turned away. "Caffola? What is the matter? Perhaps I can help," Elfwine offered quietly. Tiredly, the other boy sat down and rubbed his face. "I do not think so. Lord Eothain was very nice, but very firm. He will not let me join an eored until I am sixteen years and that is seven long months away." He refrained from going into the details of his life beyond that, but Elfwine suspected that there was more to be told. "Well, I cannot change that. Even I had to wait until I was sixteen, but since you are here you must stay with us and meet the rest of my family. And Father will want to see you. Perhaps…would you be interested in working in Edoras until you are old enough? Maybe Father would be able to find something for you to do until then. It seems pointless for you to return home for so short a time." The look in Caffola's eyes told Elfwine more than words; he had guessed right about what might help. For some reason, Caffola very much did not want to return to his village. Surely his father could find work for him here and give him a place to stay. "Come," he said, offering a hand to pull the other boy to his feet. "It is nearly time for supper. Let us get Mithlig stabled, and then we will get washed and I will show you around." Elfwine quickly had found a stall for Mithlig, and supplied Caffola with brushes to groom the horse while he put the tack away for him. When he returned, he leaned on the stall wall as he waited for Caffola to finish his task. As he did, he became aware that Caffola was avoiding brushing certain areas and, as he looked closer, there was distinct evidence of whip marks, some still obviously tender. Feigning an interest in checking the horse's water bucket, he moved into the stall for a closer look, and as he adjusted the hay in the hayrack, he was able to get a clearer view. Caffola had laid aside the brushes and moved to unfasten the tie rope from Mithlig's halter. When he did, the horse gave him a shove with his nose several times. Laughing, the boy hugged his head. "Be still, you! I do not have any treats for you, but I will try to bring you something later." He rubbed behind the horse's ears and the gelding bent his head lower to give him better access. After several moments, Caffola warned Elfwine, "We had best go. He will keep me here all night scratching his ears if I let him! He is completely spoiled!" Elfwine could not help grinning, though the concern remained in his eyes. Clearly it was not Caffola who had whipped this animal, for there was no sign of fear or aversion to the boy. He would need to pursue this later, in private, when Caffola might not hesitate to speak freely on the matter. The two headed up to Meduseld, Caffola's eyes flitting everywhere, trying to take in everything. After he had stopped several times, Elfwine laughed and caught his arm. "Would you come on! There will be plenty of time for you to look around! We need to wash for supper." Hustling the boy along to his room, they began washing their hands and faces, and Elfwine changed into fresh clothes. Noting that Caffola had little with him, he asked, "Do you have clean clothes to put on?" Flushing red, the other boy shook his head with embarrassment, not bothering to explain why he had made this journey so ill-prepared. "No matter," Elfwine said, pulling out breeches and a shirt. "You can wear some of mine until yours get washed." For several moments, Caffola just stared at the clothes Elfwine had tossed to him. He was torn about the situation, but finally decided it might be best to go before the king and queen in fresh clothing to make a good impression. Perhaps then they would let him stay and work here. Quickly, he skinned out of his dirty attire and into the clean things, and Elfwine pointed to a basket for him to toss his into for washing. Moving to the door, they made their way to the Golden Hall, and the dining chamber off to one side that the family used most of the time. Everyone else was already there and seated, and Elfwine apologized, "Sorry we are late. Father, you remember Caffola, do you not?" Eomer raised an eyebrow, wondering how this boy from the Westfold came to be at Meduseld and such a long way from his home, but decided not to ask too many questions just now. "I do remember Caffola. Welcome!" Elfwine continued the introductions of his mother, Theodwyn, Theomund and Morwen, and then gestured for Caffola to sit next to his place. Theomund shifted down to make room for Caffola between the two of them, and attention was soon turned to dishing up their plates. Conversation was kept general, and it did not take long for the family to make Caffola feel quite welcome. He had to resist the urge to scarf down the food he was given. There had been little to eat as he traveled, and this was his first real meal in several days. Despite his efforts to hide his eagerness for eating, it did not escape Lothiriel's notice, and she kept passing dishes back to him whenever he finished anything on his plate, observing that growing boys needed to have plenty to eat. Caffola was blissfully unaware of her purpose, and dutifully ate more at her behest, until at length he did not think he could stuff in another mouthful. Once the meal was concluded, the family continued to sit around talking for a while before finally removing to Eomer's study to further relax. Though he had no siblings of his own, Caffola got on well with the children, and Theodwyn and Theomund had soon roped him into playing a game with them. While he was thus occupied, Eomer suggested to his son, "Come tell me how training is going." They moved away from the three on the floor with their game, and took seats on the couch with Lothiriel. They were far enough away that if they talked quietly, most of what they said would not be overheard, and Eomer cast a questioning look at his son, hoping for an explanation. Softly, Elfwine told