A/N: Slow in coming, but finally eked out. Have had the idea for some time, but the execution wasn't developing so quickly as I would like, and turmoil in the real world seemed determined to interfere. My thanks to Glorybee for her encouragement and corrections, and to Lady Bluejay and Lialathuveril for their input on bridge and ferry matters (it will make sense later). I'm a little undecided on the last chapter, so I will be posting a chapter every other day . That will give me time to consider (and make) changes to it before it posts. Near Misses Chapter 1 (May, 3019 III) "We shall see you soon, Eomer, and join you in carrying Theoden King home for burial. Until then, be well, my friend." Imrahil extended his hand, but Eomer drew him into an embrace instead. After a moment, he murmured fervently, "I can never thank you enough for the rescue of my sister. Whatever my misgivings about her desire to wed Lord Faramir, I cannot be unhappy about a closer connection to you and your family." Imrahil drew back and smiled. "Nor can I!" As everyone else seemed ready for departure, the Prince stepped back out of the way to allow others their final farewell with the king before he mounted. The party of Rohirrim made their way slowly down through the city streets, lined with citizens come out to wave a last goodbye to their new friends. Elessar stepped in beside Imrahil and commented quietly, " 'Tis a pity your daughter could not come for the celebrations. I should like for her to have met Eomer." A grin tweaked the Prince's mouth and he glanced sideways at his king. "Does your new role as sovereign over Gondor include matchmaking?" Elessar chuckled and clapped him on the shoulder. "Not officially, but I would see my people – and my friend – find joy and happiness now that war is ended. Eomer needs a good woman, both as a wife and as a queen. Surely your daughter would be most appropriate." Imrahil nodded. "That thought had crossed my mind, as well, but knowing the both of them, it will matter little what we think about it. If they do not reach that same determination, we hope in vain. I am certain neither will allow themselves to be pressured into uniting if they do not find it a desirable union for themselves." "Well," Elessar acknowledged, "for the moment we may continue to hope, until they definitely choose otherwise. And certainly we may make the introduction so that nature may take its course, if it will. I have no qualms about that! They cannot love if they do not first meet!" While Eomer and Lothiriel were equally unaware of this conversation, marriage had entered both their thoughts already, though not specifically with regard to one another. Eomer knew that it was going to be challenging to find a woman he could love now that he was king, and that he must choose carefully. At least with the renewed relations between Rohan and Gondor, his field of search had increased, though part of him thought his people might prefer a queen from their own lands. But he would not restrict himself in that regard. He would consider all who appealed to him, regardless of their birthplace. If he wished the Mark to prosper, then he must be content in his choice of wife. For Lothiriel's part, matters were both simpler and more complex. As the daughter of Imrahil, she was somewhat limited in her choices of a husband. Taking up with a stable boy or fisherman would not be well received by the people of Gondor, and she could only hope that someone of the nobility would strike her fancy. At present, of those she knew, she could not say that was so, but she was sure there were a great many she had not met. With the spectre of war hanging over them, she had spent very little time at Minas Tirith in recent years, so possibly there was someone agreeable in the White City. Many rumors had also reached Dol Amroth about the new king of Rohan, and the ladies were much delighted to learn that he was in want of a wife. She was sure there would be those who would wish her to make that match, if she could manage it. She was not opposed to the idea, not yet anyway, but until she met the man, she would not commit herself in any way. She could not fully dictate who she married, but as much as possible she intended to do it on her own terms and not merely those that society foisted upon her. xxxxx Lothiriel hastened down the palace steps and fell into her brother's arms the instant he dismounted. "Oh, I have missed you so!" she exclaimed into his shoulder, holding him tightly. Amrothos smiled as he embraced her. "And I you, dearest. Be assured we are all well." "But why did Erchirion and Father not return home with you?" she asked, stepping back and giving him a petulant look. "You know the answer to that already. Erchirion is assisting with guarding the city until they get the great gate replaced, and the new king has much need of Father's counsel as the kingship is restored to its rightful place. I expect he will have to remain several months. Besides, he wishes to accompany King Theoden's body back to Rohan for burial, so it makes no sense for him to come home before then." He eyed her closely, then asked, "And what of you? Are you well now? Father was quite concerned when he learned you were taken ill and unable to join us for the festivities." "I am fine," Lothiriel assured him, laying a consoling hand on his chest. "The Healers took good care of me and the fever eventually passed. I am just pleased that Alcathir did not catch it from me. It would not do for her to be ill when her babe is so near to coming." She stepped to his side and took his arm as he handed the reins of his horse to a stable boy. Together they climbed the palace steps, still discussing trivial family news. They had just reached the top when Elphir appeared to welcome his brother home also. As it was time for the noonday meal, they made their way to the dining room and settled around the table to continue talking and reuniting. "Father is confident that you have matters well in hand here, Elphir. I am afraid you will remain in charge for some time yet while he assists Elessar." Amrothos grinned teasingly at his eldest brother, though he knew Elphir had never minded his duty as the heir. Ignoring the familiar attempt to nettle him, Elphir entreated, "So, tell us more of our new King. What is he like? Clearly he is a great warrior, but will he be a good ruler, do you think?" Amrothos nodded, sobering. "Yes, a very good ruler. Already I have witnessed his judgement being passed in some few matters of the kingdom, and they were most just and fair. I do believe this will be a great age for Gondor with him at our helm. And, it turns out, he is not unfamiliar in these parts. Father says he once fought here under Ecthelion, as a soldier called Thorongil." "Thorongil? Yes, I have heard the name and some of his exploits. It would be interesting to find out this man's history, indeed!" His brother paused momentarily before changing the subject. "And what of you – shall you settle down now and find a wife, or shall you continue to flirt with anything in a skirt?" Lothiriel laughed. "I cannot wait to meet the woman who can tame our dear brother! She will be most remarkable!" Amrothos leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms and pouting at the both of them, slightly disgruntled at having the focus of mockery turned upon him. "You make it sound as if I am never serious or sincere! Just because I enjoy the company of ladies, and do not favor one over another, does not mean I am incapable of an attachment. I simply have not met a woman that appeals to me in that way." He smirked at his sister, then redirected the discussion by adding, "And you are one to talk! I do not see you favoring any of your suitors!" Lothiriel pinked slightly, but retorted, "There are not that many of them, but at least I am considering them, which is more than you are doing!" Amrothos gave her a sly look. "The new king is unwed…" "If the new king was Thorongil, then he is older than Father !" she snapped. "I should marry a man old enough to be my grandfather?" "But he is Dunedain. Comparatively speaking, he is not so very old, considering how long he will live," Amrothos argued. "Which means I will grow old, gray and wrinkly and he will still look young as I go to my grave! Yes, such an appealing notion!" Lothiriel defended, now crossing her own arms in annoyance. She wasn't sure how the marital conversation had shifted from being directed at Amrothos to being aimed at her, but Amrothos had always been very good at deflecting taunts away from himself. "What of the new king of Rohan?" Elphir interjected. "He is a young man, is he not? And my impression is that Father thinks very highly of him." "He is young, yes," Amrothos acknowledged. "And judging from the reaction of the ladies, a handsome and engaging man. If Lothiriel wishes to set her cap for him, she will have much competition!" "I do not intend to set my cap for anyone," she replied frostily. " If we meet, and are attracted to one another, then so be it. But if not, I will thank the both of you to keep your noses out of my business!" "But getting you properly married is our business, dearest!" Amrothos answered, resulting in her napkin being thrown in his face. He and Elphir broke into laughter, and at length she joined them, accepting the teasing for what it was. She knew they truly did have her best interests at heart and so could not be much wroth with them. As it turned out, their discussion of the two kings was neither here nor there. By Mid-year's Day, the King of Gondor had wed an Elf maiden, eliminating him from consideration. As to the other, the King of Rohan, well, fate did not appear to intend that they should meet. Her illness had prevented her going to Minas Tirith for the celebrations after the War. Though Imrahil had hoped she would join him for the trip to Rohan in July, Alcathir was too near her due date for Lothiriel to feel comfortable leaving her, and so she remained in Dol Amroth yet again. The next likely chance they would have to meet would be in the spring, when the King's sister was to marry their cousin, Faramir, at Minas Tirith. Perhaps then they would finally be introduced and she could see what all the fuss was about. xxxxx (Yule, 3019 III) Preparing his people to make it through the winter seemed to claim all of Eomer's time, particularly after the funeral guests had departed. He was grateful for the provisions and clothing that Aragorn had sent to tide them over while they rebuilt. They had not managed in luxury, by any means, but they were surviving and that gave him some measure of pride. He had never fully realized all his uncle had faced in ruling the Riddermark, so effortless did it appear to a mere nephew. Only now that the responsibility was his did he understand all the decisions that must be made, and that the king was