A/N: Not long ago, I ran across an ad for an updated version of the Beauty and the Beast tale, setting it in modern times. The ad went like this: "A man with a hidden past. A woman whose love could unlock his heart. Will she find the man within the Beast? A story of change, forgiveness and love." That got me to thinking about a possible Middle Earth version of the tale, and I began to consider the possibilities with, who else, my favorite couple, Eomer and Lothiriel. Naturally, the plot had to alter quite a bit to fit them and their circumstances, but hopefully I came up with something plausible. Assuming I didn't miscount, I've already done 7 or 8 versions (some were oneshots, most were longer – I didn't count sequels separately) and even one with Eomer and an OC, but hey, we can never have too many love stories, right? I considered using "Beauty and the Beast" in the title, but I think it is just enough different to not necessarily tie it to that, so I've gone with a normal title. At the end of certain chapters, there will be some explanatory information for those of you not up on your Tolkien lore. All of it is taken from Thain's Book, a terrific online resource. I put the web address with the notes, but you'll need to add the periods back in the appropriate places for it to work. Rage Chapter 1 (Edoras, August, 3019 III) "Enjoy your stay, dearest," Imrahil enjoined, beaming at his daughter. "I do hope this will work out in a happy manner." She smiled at the look in his eyes. Her father had become very fond of the young king of Rohan during their time spent fighting together in the War. Now, he hoped his daughter would also find the man pleasing, and be willing to accept a suit of marriage. To that end, she was remaining in Rohan as the others returned home after Theoden's funeral. King Elessar and his party had left the previous day, en route to Isengard and the parting of ways for the Fellowship. Now her family was gathered to begin their own journey south, along with another large group that had come from Minas Tirith for the funeral, and for the trothplighting of Gondor's Steward to the king's sister. "I am sure I will be fine, and Eomer seems a good man. Once we have had time to come to know one another, I do not doubt we can reach an agreement." Lothiriel had been aware even before the cortege left Minas Tirith that her father had matrimony in mind for her, though he had not spoken of it directly. All her life, she had expected to some day make a marriage of alliance on behalf of her people. As the daughter of Dol Amroth's prince, she was one of the highest ranking women in the entire land of Gondor, and eminently suitable for such a match. Love would not necessarily be a factor in the decision process, though certainly in her heart of hearts, Lothiriel hoped that would eventually come with whomever she married. Without question, the king was a handsome man, and the same could not be said for some of the noblemen of Gondor who she knew sought her hand. While she did not let such considerations sway her opinion, it was definitely a plus to the possible arrangement. The man, himself, she did not know well. They had had little interaction during the course of the funeral march and her time at Edoras, as he was too caught up in dealing with the memorial service, and the crowd of guests that had joined Rohan in their mourning. Now that things would return to normal at Meduseld, she was to remain and spend time with the king, determining if she wished to accept his suit. If she did, they would be trothplighted at Minas Tirith when all returned there in the spring for Eowyn's wedding to Lothiriel's cousin, the Steward. Despite her assurances to her father, however, Lothiriel was more than a little apprehensive about this. Though King Eomer seemed willing to accept her as a marriage partner, the formal suit had been expressed to her not by him but by her father. She actually had never had a private conversation with the man, and though he did glance at her once or twice at meals, she could not discern any particular feeling or regard in his gaze. Did he wish this union, or was he merely responding to his duty to acquire a wife and provide an heir? That uncertainty left her a little unnerved at the prospect of suddenly finding herself alone with him. While Eowyn would be here as companion so there would be no impropriety in her visit, it was still a daunting prospect. Lothiriel waved as her father and brothers nudged their horses down the hill, watching their slow progress through the crowd that had turned out to farewell them. A few of the townspeople nearest Meduseld let their gaze linger on her, noting that she remained while her family departed. It was unlikely they could not guess the significance of that. To her left, Eowyn caught her elbow and she turned to eye her questioningly. The woman's eyes were bright with unshed tears; she had not liked bidding farewell to her betrothed so soon, but it could not be avoided. "Come," Eowyn murmured. "It will only torment us if we watch until they are lost to sight." Recognizing the truth of the observation, Lothiriel nodded and the two climbed the steps back to Meduseld. King Eomer had returned to the Golden Hall almost as soon as the guests departed, and was nowhere to be seen once they were inside. Feeling a bit adrift, Lothiriel was grateful when Eowyn took her in hand and bustled her off to discuss life in Gondor, and find out what more Lothiriel might be able to reveal about Faramir. She could not help smiling at that realization; how different it would be to engage in a betrothal where there was love. Lothiriel did not think she could hope for that. xxxxx (end of Aug) Eomer joined them late for supper, and was barely seated before announcing, "Orcs continue to grieve the Eastfold. I will be taking an eored tomorrow to deal with them." He did not look at either Lothiriel or his sister, focusing his attention on the meal he was dishing onto his plate. Lothiriel glanced curiously at Eowyn, who merely shrugged and then asked, "How long will you be gone, brother?" "How ever long it takes," was his laconic response, that effectively ended discussion of the matter. When the meal finished, Meduseld was a flurry of activity preparing for the morrow. Though realizing she would likely only be in the way, Lothiriel offered to help if she could, but Eowyn assured her this was commonplace and that she was not needed, so she retired to her bedchamber for the evening. While it had not been requested of her, she had overheard that the eored would leave just after dawn and she determined to arise and farewell them with Eowyn. This far north, the latter part of August was the beginning of fall, and mornings were cool. She arrived on the terrace wrapped in a warm cloak, and slipped in next to the king's sister, who gave her a grin. The two of them watched the riders and horses milling about, and then just as the sun's first rays cleared the mountains, Eowyn took a cup from the tray a servant stood holding next to her. She was quickly down the steps and approached her brother, bidding him farewell and safe return, followed by the cup of wine. Eomer did not speak as he drank from the cup and handed it back, though he gave his sister a brief nod of the head. His eyes flicked up to where Lothiriel stood, and for a moment he just stared, then abruptly turned and mounted his horse. "Forth Eorlingas!" he called loudly, gathering his reins and moving out even as he spoke. The others let him through to the lead and then dropped into place behind him, filing down the hill toward the gates where the main body of riders awaited them. The low light of dawn soon swallowed sight of them, and Lothiriel followed Eowyn back inside, uncertain how she felt about this marching to battle. She had allowed herself to believe that war was ended now that the Black Tower had fallen, but this drove home to her that it was not so. Evil still lurked in their lands, and would yet take some time to be swept away and all be made safe. Rohan, even more than Gondor, faced this danger, just as it had during the Ring War and the time before it. This was a wilder land where evil could more easily conceal itself, and she was considering making it her home. The thought gave reason for pause. xxxxx (return in mid-Sept) As it turned out, the eored was gone for more than three weeks and they were well into September before the horns sounded announcing their return. Lothiriel had been embroidering on wedding garments for Eowyn, and at first she did not immediately realize what she was hearing. A moment later, however, a servant scurried into the room to inform her of the situation, and that Eowyn requested she join her in the Golden Hall to welcome them home. The two moved out to the terrace to wait, and Lothiriel had to shade her eyes against the bright autumn sunlight to see the riders crawling toward the city gates like ants. "There are few riderless horses," Eowyn observed quietly. "That is a good sign." They watched parts of the group split off at various points along the way, until only about a dozen riders continued all the way to the top of the hill. With an effort, Eowyn restrained herself from racing down the stairs to meet her brother, and at length he climbed to join them. Casting aside decorum, Eowyn flung herself in his arms. After several moments of the embrace, she asked, "It went well?" He nodded, drawing back from her. "Yes, we wiped out the entire group. Only three men were injured and not seriously." There was a gleam of rage in his eyes that hadn't quite been stilled on the trek home, and it made Lothiriel uneasy to see it when he glanced at her. Swallowing hard, she said, "Welcome home, my lord. I am pleased you have returned safely." He nodded in acknowledgement, but looked away from her toward Meduseld. "Thank you," he answered curtly, moving inside and leaving them to follow. Eowyn's eyes narrowed at his behavior, but she held her tongue for the moment. Ever since the battle on the Pelennor she had sensed something slightly different about Eomer. Her preoccupation with Faramir at the time had caused her to put it out of her mind, assuming it would pass away eventually. If anything, it seemed to be increasing though, and Eomer appeared far more distant and unapproachable than usual. She had never known him to be like this during their entire lives. Something was wrong and she intended to find out the cause. Eomer headed straight to his bedchamber, brushing off the advisers who sought council with him, and instructing servants to prepare a bath for him. He remained sequestered there until it was time to eat. Lothiriel had trailed in behind the siblings, watching as Eowyn moved to order the household in preparing a feast for the returned riders. Feeling superfluous, Lothiriel returned to her room to resume the embroidery work she had been doing, but her mind was as busy as her fingers. She had thought Eomer wanted this to work, and yet nothing in