Flying Free A/N: First off, this story HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE ELFWINE CHRONICLES . Just so you know. Actually, it is yet another version of how Eomer and Lothiriel met. This makes, what, four or five versions for me, plus all the versions by other folks – anybody want to try channeling Tolkien and find out which one is the truth? Surely, one of us has guessed right! Ah well, onto the story. This started out as an adjunct to my story "Alone", seeing the same situation from Lothiriel's POV (some of you had mentioned curiosity about that), but then it swung off in a different direction and this is the result. So, you may recognize some elements here that are similar to that story. Except for Eomer's dream and the way they are introduced being different, this could pretty much be a continuation of that story. I'm using all the same backstory that I outlined there. Also, I'm doing something a little different here. Before, I was using xxxxx to separate sections (a jump in the story). I still do that here, but you will also find xx, which is meant to be a mini-break within the main sections. The reason for that is the switch from seeing what's going on at Point A, then looking at Point B, and then back to Point A. Not a lot of actual time (or a jump) is taking place, you are just getting to see a larger picture as you go along (sort of "meanwhile, back at the palace…" type of thing). Hope that makes sense. Chapter 1 Dol Amroth, March 3020 Lothiriel awoke to the sound of gulls crying outside her window, as the sun was just beginning to peek over the horizon. As usual, the fishermen were up and around early, and the gulls did not miss any opportunity for easy food when it came their way. She yawned and stretched, contemplating trying to sleep for another hour, but finally decided she was too awake for it to be likely she could drift off. Sitting up, she reached for a robe. The spring weather still brought cool mornings, even though she knew it would warm considerably as the day progressed. Not bothering to call her maidservant, she brushed out her hair, leaving it hanging loose, and quickly donned a linen dress of a seafoam green color with dark green trim. Eyeing herself in the looking glass, she ran her hands down over the skirt of the dress. Though it was an attractive gown, it was more practical than showy. She would need to begin thinking differently now that the War was over. While her father and two of her brothers rode off to do their part in the battle, she and her eldest brother, Elphir, had remained in Dol Amroth, to rule the city and provide whatever defense they could along the coast. There had been much work then, and Lothiriel had readily pitched in and done whatever she could to aid her brother. Additionally, they were not isolated from danger and the House of Healing was in continual need of hands to help with injured men. She had stepped forward there, as well, learning as she went and becoming quite skilled in herbal treatments. Now, with the war ended, she was expected to return to the rather leisurely life of a noblewoman. Her daily tasks would include dressing elegantly so as to impress any visitors her father or brothers might have, run the Prince's household in her deceased mother's stead, and pursue the womanly domestic arts of embroidery and crafts. How very dull it all seemed. She sighed deeply. It had felt good to truly be useful during wartime and she was finding it difficult to return to such a vacuous life. But it was the sort of life she was expected to live as the daughter of a Prince...and eventually as the wife of a nobleman. She knew her father was already considering likely suitors for her. Her status as the daughter of a Prince, and an attractive one at that, made her a desirable companion for many men. All that remained was to find one who was both suitable and would provide sufficient reason for an alliance. She was not expected to love the man, though of course it was hoped in time she would come to care for him, and she accepted that it was her duty to form a marriage alliance that would be beneficial to her people. Still, she would wish to find love as well, as her cousin Faramir had. Another sigh escaped her. She had finally had an opportunity to meet Faramir's wife, and found her a bit intimidating. The women of Rohan, if Eowyn was representative, seemed very strongminded and capable. In many ways, Lothiriel envied her that. How she would love to have the nerve to kick over the traces now and then, and do exactly as she wished! But she had been too well schooled in decorum and proper courtly behavior. She knew she would never dare act in such a way. Thoughts of Eowyn drew her mind to the girl's brother, Eomer, who was now king of Rohan. Her father and brothers had spoken much of him since their return after the War, and again after they came back from attending Faramir's wedding to his sister. She had intended to accompany them to the latter, indeed had looked forward to the trip to Minas Tirith, but Elphir's wife gave signs that her travail was imminent, and she had reluctantly volunteered to remain and assist however she could. As a result, she had never met this king so much spoken of in her family. For that matter, she had not yet had a chance to meet her own new king, Elessar. A fortnight ago her father had announced that Eomer would be coming to visit, and then the two of them were to travel to Minas Tirith via Emyn Arnen. Lothiriel had begged permission to accompany them, anxious to get to the city once more. She had begun to feel very isolated and out of touch with all that was happening, and hoped such an outing would bring her back into the stream of life in Gondor. So much had changed since Sauron's defeat, and she had never had a chance to properly enjoy it yet. Pulling her mind back to the here and now, she remembered that King Eomer was due to arrive today. If she wanted any time to herself, she had best get moving. Once his royal party arrived, she would be trapped into preparations for the welcoming celebration, and seeing him settled and entertained. King Eomer. For a time, with all Imrahil said, she had wondered if her father would choose to arrange a marriage alliance with Rohan. That subject had never come up, however, and she was a little relieved. Apparently her father was no more desirous of having her live so far away than she was to do so. Whomever she married, she hoped she could dwell near to her family all of her days. Taking a shawl to wrap around her, she moved toward the door and made her way through the empty halls to the garden. In less than an hour, the place would be bustling with servants and couriers, but for the moment she could enjoy the quiet and solitude of her home. She slipped out into the early dawn sunlight, though the palace still blocked much of the sun's rays and kept the garden in cool shadow. Shivering slightly, but enjoying the brisk sea air, she moved among the shrubs that were slowly unfolding new green foliage. Many of her bulbs had broken the ground and were now beginning to put forth greenery in preparation for flowering. Smiling happily to herself, she snugged her shawl closer around her. Spring was a lovely time of year, made all the better for the absence of Mordor's darkness. A sound to her right caught her unaware, and when she turned she was amazed to find a strange man in the garden. Cautiously, she turned to face him, uncertain what threat he might be. For several moments, the two just stared at one another, but then he gave her a small smile, apparently realizing she was suspicious of him. "I am sorry. I did not mean to startle you. I did not think anyone else would be up just yet, but I have always been an early riser." Lothiriel's eyes narrowed; he sounded like he thought he belonged in the Prince's garden. "Who are you?" she asked cautiously. His clothes were non-descript – breeches and linen shirt. He did not even wear a tunic, but still seemed oblivious to the chill in the morning air. The man smiled apologetically, "Forgive me, I forget my manners sometimes. I am Eomer. I am here visiting...your father?" He hazarded a guess as to who he might be addressing. "Are you, perhaps, Lothiriel?" Eomer...the king of Rohan? She was surprised by his informality. He did not even mention his title, though looking at him she would have been more likely to guess he was the king's bodyguard than the king himself. The man was powerfully built and appeared more like one of the soldiers in the Swan Knights than a royal personage on a state visit. Realizing she had become lost in her musings and not responded, she nodded, "Yes. I am Lothiriel. It is a pleasure to meet you, my lord. I did not think you were expected to arrive until today." Without even thinking, she dropped into a curtsy. Eomer's face reflected his dismay at her response. With a somewhat pleading tone, he asked, "Please, can we not dispense with the formalities when we are out of the public eye? I am weary of all the bowing and scraping and 'my lording' I receive." He gave a her a rueful, entreating look. Against her will, she smiled and nodded, a slight blush tinging her cheeks. "Of course, my...Eomer. You must understand that old habits die hard. You will forgive me if I slip up and fawn over you?" His laughter was deep and resonating. "Yes, I will forgive a few minor slip-ups, but do try to avoid them if you possibly can!" He paused and then asked hesitantly, "May I...call you Lothiriel?" She smiled with pleasure, "You may. Indeed, my father and brothers have spoken of you so often, I feel as though I should already know you. I am happy to finally make your acquaintance. What brings you to our shores? Father said only that you would be visiting." Eomer turned and walked to a low wall around the garden, his hands clasped behind him. Turning to look at her over his left shoulder, he quirked an eyebrow skyward, "Would you know the truth or the official reason for my visit?" Intrigued, she moved up beside him and responded, "Both!" Grinning, he told her, "The official reason is to begin negotiations for trade routes. The true reason, though, is escape." At the final word, his countenance sobered and he fell into his own thoughts. She watched the expressions playing over his face and wondered what a king would need to escape from. But even as she thought it, she could guess the answer. Her father was a consummate diplomat, but after being away at war for many months, he had chafed upon his return, finding it difficult to settle back into the daily routine of meetings, paperwork and obsequious advisers. This man beside her belonged outdoors, under the sun and physically active. She could not envision him happily seated behind a desk for hours and days on end. Lothiriel looked away, out across the sea spread below them. Perhaps she was not the only one trapped in an existence not of her choosing and preference. After several moments, she looked up