Part 191 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: At long last (I never intended it to take this long), here is the follow-up to "Adventures of Theodred" and "Home". I started this story but then it got lost in life the past few years. This will progress a few story lines. My thanks to Lialathuveril for her comments/corrections to this, and to Lady Bluejay for her helpful input. Family Chapter 1 (March, 46 IV - Edoras) Esgalmir stood gazing over the Riddermark from her vantage point on the terrace of Meduseld. She tugged her shawl closer as the wind sent a chill through her. Hard to believe that it was March already. Any day now, the wedding guests would be arriving at Edoras. Meduseld had been in a state of preparation for a fortnight, determining where everyone would be housed in addition to the plans for the wedding festivities themselves. Soon she would be a wife. Growing up, she had longed for such a thing, but as she got older and saw how others viewed her with her lamed leg, she had begun to falter. She had still wanted it, but she had begun to fear that it was impossible, that there would never be anyone who would want her. And then Theodred had come into her life. She had not even noticed how deep her feelings ran for this young man of Rohan until he had declared his love for her. It seemed that surely it all must be a dream that would fade away in the morning light. But here she stood in Edoras, soon to be wed to the son of the king. It was too wondrous to even consider without thinking she should pinch herself and awaken. Strong arms came around her shoulders, and she did not need to turn to know it was Theodred. A kiss was pressed to her hair. "What are your thoughts, my love?" he questioned softly, tightening his embrace. Now she did turn her head enough to see his face. "Merely that life is wonderful!" she told him sincerely. "I can scarce believe all this is truly happening to me. Never did I allow myself to imagine such dreams could come true!" He chuckled at her words and turned her more, to get better aim at her mouth, kissing her fervently. "Believe it," he breathed as he drew back slightly afterwards. "If it is a dream, then we share it." He pulled her close again and she rested her head against his chest as they both turned their gazes outward to the horizon. Initially, she had been extremely self-conscious displaying affection for him in public, but Rohan was far more relaxed about such things than Gondor and she had eventually allowed herself to enjoy showing her feelings for her betrothed. A cloud drifted in front of the sun, and simultaneously her thoughts went to her brother. He would not approve of the behavior she had developed while here. No doubt he would take her to task about it when he arrived for the wedding. Involuntarily, she stiffened at that realization, and Theodred glanced down curiously, quirking a questioning eyebrow. "I was just thinking of Anbarad, and his reaction to the changes in me since I have been in Rohan. I do not think he will approve," she confessed. Theodred shrugged and offered her a lopsided grin. "It is little matter! He will only be here a few days before we are wed, and then your behavior will no longer be his concern but mine. We will just have to try and act appropriately when he is around, until after the wedding!" She laughed at his nonchalance, and knew that in his mind it truly was that simple. Still, she would be cautious around her brother. While it was unlikely he would ever even consider breaking a betrothal to the king's son, she did not wish to suffer his censure during this time which was meant to be so happy. Theodred's stomach rumbled then, and they both smiled. "Come," she told him, "I will not keep you from break of fast any longer!" xxxxx As it turned out, rain delayed the visitors from Gondor and Anbarad did not arrive until two days before the wedding, which suited the betrothed couple just fine. Neither was eager to have him join them, but there was no way to avoid inviting him. Faramir and Eowyn had teasingly made it clear to Theodred how he had indebted himself by making them endure traveling with Esgalmir's brother and his wife, both of whom seemed incapable of intelligent conversation. The one advantage they had, when the weather permitted, was that most everyone elected to ride rather than use the carriage, with the exception of the insipid pair, and thus the Steward and his wife had dodged their presence for a time. Faramir knew that Freahelm would want to attend the wedding, and made certain to invite him to make the trip in their company. Freahelm would have liked to bring Belwen along, but she could not be spared from the bakery for that length of time, and she had readily urged him to go without her. Wanting to stop briefly for a visit with Hyrde and his family, Freahelm had borrowed one of Faramir's guards and ridden on ahead of the entourage. His friends were delighted to see him again, and he was amazed at how much the children had grown in just the short time since he had last been with them. Before continuing on to Edoras, he promised to find a way to bring his wife to meet them, and make sure that Theodred did also. The two caught up with the wedding travelers just as they drew near Edoras, and there was much excitement as the end of their journey arrived. Brandir and Gamling efficiently got everyone directed to their lodgings. The Golden Hall was buzzing with all the greetings taking place. Morwen and Caranhir had come with their brood this time, and Mirlas quickly overcame her shyness to eat up all the attention paid her by aunts, uncles and cousins. Randir was less sure when he found himself being passed around among family members, and after several minutes of tolerating it, he began to wail long and loud until he was returned to his mama. The youth of the family just put in a token appearance to greet the relatives, and then were off to follow their own pursuits. Only Eledher and Frengod of the Rohan group were close to Mirlas' age, and not greatly interested in spending time with a girl. They hastily disappeared under the tables to play with the Meduseld dogs, and became oblivious to the commotion swirling around nearby. Once Randir had been calmed, he quickly fell asleep and Caranhir took him off to the nursery to put him down for a nap. Soon all the visitors had retired to their rooms to rest or freshen themselves for the evening. Anbarad and his wife had not lingered to acquaint themselves with all these children. They had none of their own and were not comfortable around them, so they pled fatigue and hurried off to their room after a cursory greeting to Esgalmir. Once the Hall was mostly emptied, Esgalmir drew a weary breath. The tension had been exhausting and she was glad this first moment was over. Now if she could just endure the next few days, she would be fine. Sensing her thoughts, Theodred caught her hand and drew her after him. Silently they made their way arm in arm toward the stables. When she realized what he had in mind, Esgalmir balked. "Theodred, I do not think it best that we go for a ride just now. Not with all these visitors and a long evening ahead of us," she protested. He drew her into his arms and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "They will not notice our brief absence, and you need to get your mind off tonight. If you do not stay occupied for the next few hours you will simply sit and fret about things," he observed, and she could not dispute his assessment of the matter. Nodding consent, she let him guide her inside and saddle their horses. xxxxx Elfwine watched the tension lines deepen on Esgalmir's face. Her brother had cornered her, and was clearly voicing disapproval with something, thus causing her distress. Almost from the moment he had arrived, Anbarad had been finding fault with everything she did, and Elfwine had noticed her increasing agitation. The man's presence was making what should have been a pleasant, happy experience for her into something miserable. Swallowing the last of his wine, he moved in their direction. Time to put an end to this. He would not let the pompous fool ruin this evening for her. "Esgalmir," he called out as he drew near, causing her and her brother to turn toward him. "Will you dance with me?" he smoothly inquired, fixing a steady gaze upon her. Her eyes went wide at the question, but before she could respond, Anbarad blurted out, "My lord, she cannot dance! She is a cripple!" Esgalmir's face flamed, and she ducked her head in humiliation, but Elfwine ignored the ill-mannered remark as he said, "You underestimate your dear sister, Anbarad. She is capable of far more than you give her credit." As Esgalmir's head jerked up to look at him, Elfwine stepped in close and clamped his left arm around her waist. Unnoticed by all but Elfwine, Theodred moved similarly next to her, wrapping his right arm firmly around her waist from the other side. "Hold on to us!" he instructed softly, a loving grin tweaking his mouth. With a deep breath, she did as he had directed, and a moment later the pair had swept her into the dance area. People were just beginning to gather for the next dance, but paused as they saw the unusual trio. All moved back to clear a space in the center as the musicians struck up a lively tune. Stepping in unison, the brothers bobbed and weaved around the floor, setting a winding course. The onlookers began to clap and cheer them on, amused by this new endeavor. Esgalmir's feet were barely skimming the floor with the two of them holding her up. Initially she was nervous, but their skill seemed surprising if this were indeed something new. She suddenly realized this could not be the first time they had danced in this fashion, though she did not know the particulars. Later, she would have to remember to ask Theodred about it, but for now she merely intended to focus on her charming partners, and thoroughly enjoy every moment of this rare experience. From the sidelines, Anbarad watched the spectacle with mortification, not noticing Faramir's approach until the Steward was right beside him. When he became aware of the other man, he hastily apologized, "My lord, I must beg your pardon for my sister's unseemly behavior. I fear this wild land has made her lose all sense of decorum." "Unseemly?" Faramir questioned, raising a bemused eyebrow. "I think not. In fact, I believe I will petition your sister for the next dance myself." He gave Anbarad a pointed look and moved away, disgusted by the man's overwhelming sense of superiority. Anbarad gazed after him, stunned with the reaction he had received. Had Gondor's Steward gone mad? Was he the only one who saw how inappropriate this all was? His thin lips pressed into an angry line, all but disappearing. Furiously he stormed off in search of wine. Whenever he lost control of a situation, he always managed to drink away his sorrows, to his wife's chagrin. As good as