Part 98 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: More progress, and we're only one story away from number 100. Looks like the next one may be about Theodwyn and Freawine, but real life interferes, so it goes slowly! This story is 2 chapters in length. Thanks to Tracey for her input; the story is all the better for it! Looks like you lot are as swamped as I am, but since there have been 200 hits on Resolution, despite the low review level, I'll go ahead and post this. You can catch up when you have time! Awry (Mar, 25 IV) Chapter 1 "You are not nervous, are you?" Eldarion asked, with some surprise. He had never known Luthiel to be anything other than cool and collected in any situation. It was one of the traits he most admired about her. "A little," she reluctantly confessed, then turned to eye him defensively as she explained, "it is not every day a girl marries the Prince of Gondor, which will one day make her queen." Her voice faltered and he dropped his gaze, smiling slightly in understanding. He had not expected Luthiel to be intimidated by anything, least of all anything to do with him. This was a new facet to her that he was seeing. Raising his eyes to fix her gaze with his own, he lithely stepped in close, his hands moving to grasp her shoulders. "You will be a beautiful bride, my love – the perfect bride – setting the standard for all others. And, when the time comes, you will be a wonderful queen. I do not doubt it for a moment." He gave a deprecatory laugh, adding, "I have more concerns about my suitability as king than yours as queen. All of Gondor may come to know me as the king who did only one thing right – married the best woman in the land, so she could rule beside him and save him from himself." He pulled her into his embrace, feeling the weight and truth of his words, and she held him tightly. His observations had both touched and reassured her, something that she found rather surprising. She knew better than most what a good man Eldarion was, though it was sometimes concealed beneath his bravado, but he still was able to catch her unaware in moments like this. She doubted very much he was this open and sincere with many others. Despite his gregarious personality, in many ways Eldarion was a closed book when it came to himself, and she had the feeling she had only skimmed a few of his many pages. Winding her arms around his neck, she pulled him to her in a kiss, then whispered, "Thank you, beloved. I will try to be the wife and queen you envision me to be. And I am certain that you will be an excellent king. My father has long spoken well of you, and he does not offer such praise lightly." Her cheek settled against his chest, and they stood silently in each other's arms, content for this moment. Eldarion was not completely convinced, by her words, of his own capability to be an effective monarch, but he could not imagine he would fail with her at his side. Whatever good there was in him, she brought it out and made it better. Gondor had no idea how fortunate they were that she had accepted him, had loved him – indeed, had put in the effort to mold him into someone she would consider marrying. xx The couple was due to wed in less than a fortnight, and Eldarion had spared no effort in planning the perfect wedding. Naturally, as heir to the throne, the occasion would be special and require a high level of pomp and circumstance but, more than that, he wanted Luthiel to have the most magical wedding there had ever been. Gondor would make this whole ceremony all about him, but as far as he was concerned, it was all about her. She was not merely 'the girl who was wedding the Prince of Gondor', but rather she was the one woman who touched his heart and soul, who had seen beyond his bluster and liked the person she found hidden safely away from public view. She had weaned him, for the most part, of his obnoxious behavior and transformed him into a better man and a better future king. She deserved the place of honor at this fete. It had all been arranged. Invitations were sent far and wide to honored guests, friends and, most importantly, family. The entire royal family of Rohan was expected to be in attendance, both because of their connection to Luthiel, but also to him. Because of the hand his sister, Dariel, and her husband, Elfwine, had had in helping the two of them get together in the first place, Eldarion was especially anticipating their arrival for the festivities. He owed Elfwine a tremendous debt for his friendship and guidance during his rather clumsy attempts at wooing Luthiel. The party from Rohan was due to arrive a couple of days before the wedding, and he welcomed the idea of a brother standing beside him through all this. Though he got along well with Elboron, Luthiel's brother, perhaps because Elboron would one day be his steward, they did not have quite the closeness he shared with Elfwine. Somehow, he and Elfwine had bonded as brothers almost instantly, and that affection had only deepened over the years, despite how little they saw of one another. Luthiel had always been close to Dariel as well, considering her to be her closest friend, so she was eager to be reunited for this wondrous occasion. Because of Luthiel's love for her home in Emyn Arnen, Eldarion had arranged for much evergreen to adorn the feast hall, as well as huge bouquets of flowers to be set everywhere. Indeed, he thought he must have bought out nearly every flower seller in the area, and he could not wait to see the hall once they brought their bounty to the city, and began to set it up the day before the wedding. Luthiel had also developed quite a taste for seafood, having spent considerable time visiting the relatives in Dol Amroth, so a boat was to bring the freshest catch they could, up the Anduin the morning of the event. Certainly, they would supplement that with other meats, such as beef, chicken and pork, while the seafood would mostly be reserved for the immediate family, since it would be too difficult to prepare a large quantity at the last minute. Eldarion had been carefully keeping this detail secret from his betrothed. Much of the preparations she unavoidably knew about, but he wanted there to be at least a few surprises. Unfortunately, there were a few surprises for Eldarion as well. The week of the wedding, reports began to arrive warning of unrest among several Haradrim factions. More and more soldiers were being deployed to patrol the border lands, and supplement the work of the Ithilien Rangers. Elessar and Faramir became wrapped up in the tense situation, and though they tried to leave Eldarion free to focus on his upcoming wedding, he needed to stay apprised of the situation. It was more than a little aggravating to have to deal with this right now, and Eldarion was beginning to feel the stress of it, but tried to keep his perspective and good humor. The Haradrim state of affairs proved to be the tip of the iceberg, however, as Eldarion's carefully laid plans slowly began to unravel, one by one. Heavy spring storms moved into the area, stronger than any they had felt in more than twenty years. Wind and rain continued unabated for most of the week, and reports sent from Rohan indicated they were feeling the effects in that land also. Already they had departed Edoras earlier than expected, but the muddy roads made slow going of it, and it was now somewhat in question if they would be able to reach Minas Tirith in time for the wedding itself. The storms were having other unpleasant effects; rivers and streams were flooded, and there was so much debris in the water from fallen trees that the shipping lanes were being clogged. It was now in question whether the relatives from Dol Amroth could make the journey, and the possibility of seafood for the wedding supper was also looking remote. The wedding was only three days away and it was all falling apart. Eldarion should have expected more bad news at that point, but he kept thinking there was nothing else to go wrong. He was mistaken. The flower merchants began to turn up, wearing mournful expressions and apologizing profusely that their crops of flowers had largely been wiped out or damaged by the storm, and it was now doubtful there would be much to salvage for bouquets. As the third such merchant left him, Eldarion raked his fingers through his hair in frustration. How could this be happening? He had always seemed to live almost a charmed life. Was this the natural offset to so much fortune prior to this? Feeling the need to release his growing aggravation, he headed for the indoor sparring arena that was used during inclement weather. Perhaps a little physical exercise would help. Once there, he found several young soldiers practicing with their swords, most of them newly admitted to the ranks of Gondor's army. He easily found a sparring partner, and they stepped into position with sword and shield after Eldarion had taken a few moments to warm up. While the physical effort required helped bleed off some of his tension, his opponent was not sufficiently challenging to fully engage his mind, and his thoughts kept drifting back to his difficulties. Normally not one to lose focus during battle, this time he did so, with regrettable consequences. The other soldier had lunged, and Eldarion sidestepped an instant too late, so the two crashed into one another. The other young man stumbled and, while struggling to keep his feet, threw up his shield arm, smacking Eldarion a glancing blow on the left side of his face, as his sword clipped Eldarion's hand. The prince fell back, dropping his weapons and clutching at his eye where the edge of the shield had impacted. He had been very fortunate that it hit him flat and the bone around his eye protected his sight from damage, but he had no doubt he was going to have a black eye. The hand pressed against his face felt damp and he pulled it down to look, finding blood as he had feared. As if the eye weren't enough, there was a gash on the back of his hand that was also bleeding freely. Several others had rushed to assist the prince, and his opponent was begging Eldarion's forgiveness for his clumsiness. Eldarion waved off his words of contrition, assuring him it was an accident. Someone had provided a cloth, which he pressed to his bleeding hand, and hastily made his exit to the Houses of Healing. Two hours later, he was back in his room and staring morosely into a looking glass, while Elboron sat sprawled in a nearby chair, eyeing him with barely disguised amusement. "We could always tell my sister you made an untoward remark about her and I punched you," he offered, less than helpfully, a thoroughly innocent expression gracing his countenance. Eldarion turned to glare at him. "I certainly hope that by the time you replace your father as steward you have learned to be of more help and support to your king!" Elboron shrugged. "I will do my best. In the meantime,