A/N: Some time ago, Lialathuveril wrote a short story about Eomer and Lothiriel in which Eomer's grandmother, Morwen, was still alive and living in Lossarnach. Up until then, I had not given Morwen much thought, but further research suggested she might in fact still be living in 3019 (about age 97). Tolkien told us very little of her, and even less about some of her children. Based on what little he did write, I have formed a possible scenario for use in this story. Certainly this is not the ONLY possibility, and many stories could be written about Morwen and her daughters, but the details I've imagined here suit my particular purpose at this time. Tolkien does not name three of Morwen's daughters. In a previous story of mine, I gave one the name of Minleoth, and I have used that name for her again here. I have also named the other two daughters, and if they appear in any other stories of mine, likely I will use the same names for them. While I wrote, Morwen ended up on the page and taking up more of the storyline than I originally intended. Nevertheless, this is still an Eomer/Lothiriel story at its heart. Morwen just plays a large part in it. Complete in 11 chapters plus a short Epilogue, posting a chapter every other day. Sorry about the footnotes. Someone else used them and they worked, but mine turned into regular numbers. Spoils of War Chapter 1 (Cormallen, April 3019 III) "Eomer! Will you join us?" Erchirion called to his friend, and Rohan's king turned with a smile. "Of course!" Settling down on a bench by the fire, he accepted a goblet of wine from an attending servant. "And what do the men of Dol Amroth do off by themselves this night?" he questioned, swallowing some wine as he looked around. Imrahil chuckled. "Nothing of much consequence to anyone but us, I am afraid. We were speaking of my daughter. She has been staying with an elderly cousin in Lossarnach the past few months. We have decided to ride and fetch her as soon as Aragorn is crowned. It would be unfair to have her miss all the celebrations, and it is an easy ride. We can head out mid-morning, after the coronation, and return the next day." His eyes brightened then, and he added, "Would you care to come? I know you are eager to see your sister again, but if she is well enough, perhaps she would also enjoy such an outing. Lossarnach should be lush and green just now – well worth the effort after so much dust and bleakness." Amrothos cleared his throat and asked, "Wait – is not Morwen of Lossarnach your grandmother? I seem to recall that is so." "She is," Eomer acknowledged. "Why do you ask?" Smiling, his friend replied, "Because that is the cousin of whom we speak! It would seem that we are somewhat related! Distant cousins, if I am not mistaken." Imrahil had been pondering their conversation and now nodded. "Yes, we would be cousins. All the more reason for you and Eowyn to come with us, Eomer." Eomer's jaw tightened imperceptibly. "I do not know if that is wise. We have not seen my grandmother in…well, the truth of it is, I do not remember her. She left the Mark when I was only three years of age, and Eowyn was not yet born. She has never displayed any interest in her grandchildren." Imrahil nodded in understanding, but counseled, "Perhaps not, my friend, but that is not to say you should not make the attempt. It may be that she regrets the distance, but has merely grown too old to do anything about it. She draws ever nearer to the end of her life. You have so little family left – shall you not seek to preserve any family connection that you possibly can?" Eomer knew it was sound advice, though he was still reluctant to yield. If anything, Eowyn felt even more strongly about the matter – she had never come to terms with Morwen's departure. Theodred had spoken warmly of their grandmother, remembering her well since she had largely been responsible for his care after the death of his mother in childbirth. Despite that, Morwen was a stranger to Eomer, and he had always been rather disinterested in the whole thing, not caring to know anyone who did not care to know him. But the prospect of a day spent riding out with Eowyn was a welcome one, so he would attempt to persuade her. "I thank you for the offer. I cannot speak for Eowyn, but I would be happy to accompany you." xxxxx In other circumstances, Eowyn might have begged off making the journey. But she understood how busy Faramir would be attending his new king; he would have little time to spend with her. This jaunt might give her an opportunity to make Eomer aware of her new-found love and wish to marry. In all the hustle and bustle, her brother would not have noticed anything between the two of them, but when they returned to the White City, it was sure to be evident, and she preferred to tell him of it than have him learn about the situation from others. Erchirion had remained at Minas Tirith to make sure their house was in order and to assist Faramir in any way that was needed. Elphir was already there, having arrived from Dol Amroth the previous week, and he had put in long hours helping their cousin in preparations for the king's return. Imrahil and Amrothos had readily allowed the siblings to drop back to talk privately, for which Eowyn was grateful. Though these were all the kin Faramir had left, and she looked forward to better knowing them, the most pressing matter was speaking to her brother. He was understandably concerned at her seemingly abrupt change of affection from Aragorn to Faramir, but Eowyn assured him her heart was true in this. "Did you not tell me that Aragorn said to you that in him I loved only a shadow and a thought?(1) Can you not see that he was right? I still respect and admire him, but he does not hold my heart. Only in Faramir have I found peace within myself. I am certain about this, Eomer. Truly I am." With a sigh, Eomer nodded. "Very well. I will trust you, though I wish to meet this man before I give my consent to a marriage. His relatives from Dol Amroth give me no reason to think I will object to him, and Boromir was an excellent man, but the father concerns me. I do not approve of Denethor's actions through all this. Many lives might have been spared had he acted differently." "That is not for us to judge, Eomer, especially after what happened at Edoras with Uncle Theoden. Faramir has told me a great deal of the situation in Gondor. Lord Denethor made mistakes, it is true, but they were honest mistakes. He did what he thought best for Gondor, however ill advised. It drove him to a madness in the end that caused his destruction, and he very nearly took Faramir with him. It is difficult to forgive that, but Faramir does and so I must also. He knew his father far better than I could in just a few month's time of listening to words spoken by others about the man." Reluctantly, Eomer shrugged and agreed. "I suppose you are right. And he is dead now, so we can never fully know what drove him. If it is any consolation, even Aragorn and Gandalf speak well of this man you would marry. He has that to his credit," he teased. Eowyn favored him with a glare before finally grinning, and nudging her horse forward to rejoin their hosts. "How is it that your daughter is in Lossarnach? I would have thought she remained at home in Dol Amroth with your son, Elphir," Eomer commented, after they had ridden in companionable silence for a time. Imrahil nodded. "That would seem reasonable, but with the corsairs attacking along the coast, I was not sure how safe it would be there. And, I confess, I wished to have her nearer to me. So, when we marched the troops north to Minas Tirith, we took her to stay with Lady Morwen. Sauron showed little interest in Lossarnach during the course of the war, though I have no doubt that would have changed had he won. Most of those who were sent from the City before the siege fled to the Lossarnach vales for refuge."(2) "Have you a close connection with Lady Morwen?" Eowyn interjected, her features rigid and her eyes cold. While she had her own reason for coming along, she was not particularly pleased with their destination. Eomer suspected it was more a desire to escape the city than a wish to meet their grandmother, and likely the best he could hope for from her would be civility. If Faramir had been available to join his kinsmen on the outing, he thought perhaps this whole matter might be somewhat less tense, but the Steward could not presently be spared. "Not so very much. I usually try to visit her at least once a year when I am in the City. But she has been most cordial about opening her home. Speaking of which, I have not alerted her to our pending arrival, so I did not know if she would be able to accommodate such a large group. However, Forlong's heir, Lord Zimran, has offered the use of his home. He sent a messenger to alert his staff that we would be coming," Imrahil explained. Looking closely at Eowyn, he started to say more, but then thought better of it and kept silent. It was unlikely he had any words that would ease the tension between the woman and her grandmother. They would have to settle matters on their own. At least Eomer seemed equanimable. Perhaps that would help. It was very late in the afternoon when they reached the yard of Morwen's home. They had eaten their midday meal along the way so as not to be hungry when they arrived, and risk imposing such a large party on the staff of Morwen's household. Lothiriel must have received word of who had come, for she bolted from the house before all were dismounted and flung herself into her father's arms. "You are here! And safe!" She hugged him tightly before drawing back to flick her gaze around the assembled group, seeking for her brothers. "Only Amrothos is with me," Imrahil said, pointing to where his youngest son was handing over the reins of his horse to a servant and hastening to join them. "The others remained with Faramir and will see us in the City." The siblings fervently embraced, not speaking lest their emotions overwhelm them, and the rest of the party waited patiently for their reunion to end. After several minutes, Lothiriel stepped back, smoothing her dress and acknowledging the strangers in their midst. "You have brought guests?" she inquired of her father, glancing at Eomer and Eowyn standing nearby. "Yes, dearest. I would have you meet, Eomer, King of Rohan, and his sister, Lady Eowyn – whom it will please you to know has captured the heart of our own Faramir!" Imrahil had been delighted when they shared Eowyn's news with him, and he had spent part of the trip assuring Eomer that Faramir was everything worthy as a husband to the king's sister. Eowyn pinked at the remark, while Lothiriel's eyes went wide with astonishment. "Indeed! That is excellent news! I am so very happy to meet you, Lady Eowyn!" Then, remembering herself, she added sincerely, "And you also, Eomer King." She offered a graceful curtsy. "The pleasure is ours," Eomer instantly responded. "Your family