Part 72 of the Elfwine Chronicles. The Elfwine Chronicles are a series of one-shots built around the family group of Eomer, Lothiriel and Elfwine. The total number will depend on how many ideas I get for new vignettes. A/N: Well, here it is – more Theomund and Fele. The chapter lengths are a bit uneven, but it was necessary to find reasonable break points. Don't know for sure what my next story will be, but I am open to any suggestions of "mischievous boy activities" that could be adapted to Middle-earth. Eric has given me two that I think I can use, but more are welcome. Blessings (Jun, 42 IV) Chapter 1 Frideswide looked up from her mending at the knock on the door. She rose, smiling once again at the realization they were in a home rather than a boarding house. Even though they had been here for over a month, it still seemed almost a dream. They had certainly been blessed the day Lord Theomund had come into their lives. Humming slightly, she opened the door and then came to a stunned halt. On the doorstep stood the Queen of Rohan and, if she was not mistaken, the queen's daughter-in-law, Dariel. Struggling to regain her wits and her voice, she stammered, "My lady! Welcome!" For a moment she just stared, then blinked and offered, "Will you come in? It is an honor to have you visit us." Suddenly she remembered to curtsy, and the queen smiled in amusement. "I fear I have startled you, Frideswide. My apologies. I do not know if you have met my daughter, Dariel. She is Elfwine's wife." "My lady," Frideswide acknowledged, desperately curious as to the meaning of their presence. For an instant, trepidation filled her, but she pushed it aside. She had heard nothing of the royal family to make her react so. The two visitors glanced around the room and their eyes lit on Eledher, playing on the floor, but presently gazing up at the two women curiously. At length he announced, "You are Theomund's mama." Lothiriel grinned at the boy and bent over slightly. "I am! And you are Eledher. Theomund speaks very highly of you." The boy beamed and informed her, "Theomund is my friend! He took me riding and is teaching me to use a sword!" The queen ruffled the boy's hair and asked, "Eledher, if your grandmother does not mind, would you go with Dariel to run a few errands? You could help carry her bundles." Instantly Eledher was on his feet, asking, "Can I, Grandmother, please?" Briefly, Frideswide hesitated. This was becoming more and more curious. Finally, she nodded, "Very well, but you must behave and do as Lady Dariel tells you, Eledher. Do not run off or give her any trouble." "I will not!" the boy exclaimed, almost jumping with excitement. Dariel reached for his hand with a laugh, telling them, "I am certain he will be fine. We will see you in an hour or so." When the two were gone, Frideswide eyed the queen speculatively a moment, then invited, "Please be seated. Would you care for some tea, my lady?" She gestured to the small living area. When they had been ready to move into the cottage, they had expected to do without furniture for a while until they could afford to buy some gradually over time. But Lord Theomund had an eye for detail, and he was well aware of how few possessions they had. Upon their arrival, they discovered he had secretly made a few pieces for them – a table, four chairs and two beds. Three weeks later, they had found him at their door with two chests for clothing, and a fortnight after that he turned up with a small wardrobe. Arguments that they could not accept such generosity from him had fallen on deaf ears, and he had insisted they could not live in an empty house. Further, he claimed he had enjoyed working in wood for a change, rather than metal, and was thinking of adding some furniture to the offerings in the shop. Reluctantly, they had graciously received his gifts. Apparently, the queen was aware of that history, for she ran a hand over the table and smiled, saying, "Theomund does nice work, does he not?" "He does," Frideswide agreed, adding, "and he is a most thoughtful and considerate friend to us." Lothiriel gave a small sigh and regarded her hands in her lap, replying, "Which brings us to the reason for my visit." The trepidation returned with a vengeance. Was the queen upset about her son's involvement with peasants? Frideswide had not thought she had any objections, always before this being ever so kind herself toward Fele. She bit her tongue and waited for the queen to elaborate. Lothiriel raised her eyes to meet those of the other woman and, apparently sensing her unease, assured her, "Do not be alarmed, Frideswide. I come to speak with you as one mother to another. My son is a very open young man, and I doubt very much you have not guessed that he has developed feelings for your daughter. While she was still married to Orgel, he would never have spoken of such things or dared to approach her, but now the situation has changed." Stiffly, Frideswide anticipated where she was going with this. "And you do not wish to have him become involved with...my daughter. That is...understandable, my lady." She was startled when the queen reached across the table and grasped her arm, saying frankly, "Do not misunderstand me, Frideswide. I have not come here with objections; I have come seeking solutions, and what I hope will be a happy resolution for all concerned." Frideswide's expression clearly reflected her uncertainty about the queen's purpose. Rising, she moved to put the kettle on the fire to heat water for tea. "I am not sure I take your meaning, my lady." "Please, call me Lothiriel. In private, I hope we can be friends and not so formal." Frideswide's head pivoted around in amazement at this unusual request, though clearly the queen was as Fele had described her. Continuing, Lothiriel explained, "I know what my son's feelings are for Fele but, as I warned him, we do not know what her feelings are for him. I do not think her past will easily enable her to love and trust again." Wanting to be very sure she correctly understood, Frideswide asked, "You do not object to Theomund loving Fele...or her loving him in return?" "Of course not!" Lothiriel assured her. "Fele is a delightful girl and, more importantly, she has completely captured my son's affections. It has taken him a long time to find someone, for he is a rather unusual young man." The queen idly let her fingers play with the fringe of a cloth laid in the center of the table, adding, "I know there are those who believe that nobles should marry nobles. That is especially true in my homeland of Gondor. But Eomer and I are more concerned with the happiness of our children than forming political marriages. Elfwine's marriage to Dariel resulted from their love for one another and no other reason. If there is a side benefit of stronger ties between our countries, that is fine, but it is not the reason for the alliance. Both my daughters have married soldiers, which many would consider 'beneath' them socially, though one of them is of noble birth. But they are loved and they are happy, and their husbands are fine, honorable men. We could not ask for better companions to our daughters. And Fele is a wonderful woman. One need only look at Eledher to know that, to see how well she has raised him in spite of her tragic marriage and difficult circumstances." Lothiriel paused, contemplating her next words, but Frideswide interrupted with a question, "And what is it you seek from me...Lothiriel?" "First, I hope to discover your thoughts on what Fele might be feeling for Theomund, and second, I hope to gain your support in helping her to overcome any misgivings she might have that would keep her from caring for him, if she were so inclined." It was a straightforward answer, and Frideswide pondered it for several moments. Wryly, she commented, "If the matter was left up to Eledher, they would be wed today! He almost worships Theomund, and...and I think the feeling is mutual. Your son is very good with the boy, but I think he loves Eledher also." The queen nodded, waiting for her to continue and she soon did, "Fele has not confided any feelings for Theomund beyond friendship, and even that she believes to be an incredible thing. We are peasants. We have lived as peasants our entire lives, and been treated as such by others – until we came here and met Theomund. A lifetime of experience does not disappear overnight." Frideswide went to pour the tea and brought two mugs to the table. Lothiriel eyed her curiously, then asked, "And what of you, Frideswide? Would you oppose their union, if Fele were to desire it?" Almost apologetically, the woman shrugged, saying, "I am a mother, like you, Lothiriel. I want what is best for my child; I want her to be happy. If happiness can be found with Theomund, then I would embrace it completely – particularly knowing that you and the king do not object. Fele is a good girl, and she did not deserve what befell her, but it will be difficult for her to overcome that. I very much hope that she can, and that she not only allows herself to care for Theomund, but finds that she loves him." After taking a sip of the tea, Lothiriel nodded. "Then we are agreed. May I count on you to do whatever you can to help her along that path? I do not know how much I am able to encourage her, but I will certainly try to make it clear to her that she has my approval to follow that course. I do not want to encourage Theomund to pursue her unless I think there is some chance she will have him." Frideswide emitted a mirthless laugh. "Would that not be something? The king's son rejected by a peasant girl?" The queen smiled in response. "Aye! But gratitude and love are not the same thing. We must wait to see how this plays out." xxxxx Theomund blinked, and mentally shook himself. He realized he had been staring into space for some time, and he set down the metal piece he had been molding. Shoving back from his work table, he rubbed his face. Almost a year. That was how long he had known Fele. Despite the change in her circumstances, as of last May when Eomer had dissolved her marriage to her abusive husband, Orgel, he still hesitated to approach her with his feelings. His mother had brought up several issues when he confessed his love for the woman, and he could not easily dismiss them. Did she care for him, love him? He knew she was fond of him, certainly was grateful to him for the things he had done for her family, but love him? He had waited, not always patiently, these past few months, trying to give her time to adjust to her newly acquired freedom from Orgel. He had hoped that part of that adjustment would involve a flowering of feelings for him, but he could not truthfully say he had discerned any such thing. Nearly four months later, they still seemed only good friends and co-workers. She was less reluctant for him to spend time with Eledher, but he was not sure that could be attributed to fondness for him so much as a desire to do right by her child. He let out a growl of frustration. This was maddening, this not knowing. Most of his