A/N: I wasn't really intending to do another E/L story, but I got to thinking that with 15 versions already (plus everyone else's stories), what new story ideas were left that hadn't been done, and then this came to me. Also, now that I have finally given Imrahil's wife a name (Sirrin), I will likely use that name for her in any stories where she appears, even if her character is different each time (similar to my always calling Elphir's wife Alcathir). The use of the same name does not indicate a connection between the stories. I will indicate if something is a sequel or related to an existing story. Shattered Chapter 1 (Cormallen, late April, 3019 III) Hearty laughter rent the night. "Oh, Eomer, I can scarce wait to have you meet the rest of my family. I am sure they will love you as I do. Already you are like a son to me!" Imrahil warmly told the king of Rohan. "I am honored!" Eomer responded, humbled by the man's approbation. "You know, my friend, now you are king, you will need to think about beginning a family of your own. I doubt a queen and a few heirs would go amiss in Rohan's eyes!" Imrahil urged. Eomer chuckled. His friends had already been goading him in the direction of matrimony. It seemed marriage and children were on everyone's mind in the wake of their victory, and he could not truly deny that the thought had occurred to him how pleasing a family would be. He would gladly see the hall of Meduseld filled with laughing children, driving back the long shadows of the past. With a glint in his eyes, he teased, "How may I even consider marriage when you have told me that your only daughter is already betrothed? Shall I seek solace in some lesser maiden?" Imrahil laughed appreciatively. "Had I known I would meet you, I might have required Lothiriel to wait instead of approving her betrothal!" He sighed, and shook his head before shrugging. "We live in a new world, one that none of us thought would ever exist. There are many worthy ladies who will eagerly seek your suit, Eomer. Choose wisely. The right woman beside a man, especially a ruler, makes all the difference. Do not let your advisers press you to marry someone in whose company you cannot be perfectly at ease. Many noble marriages in Gondor are made for alliance rather than love. I know it is so, but I was fortunate enough to achieve both, and I believe I would not have done half so well with anyone else united to me. She has given me four beautiful children and a lifetime of joy." Eomer nodded silently at the counsel, taking another swallow of ale. Wise counsel, indeed, he was sure, but privately he knew that a wife would likely have to wait a while. First the Mark needed his full attention in being rebuilt. xx Over the next few days, Eomer gave little further thought to his conversation with Imrahil their last night at Cormallen. The company traveled to Osgiliath and then on to Minas Tirith, where Aragorn was crowned king on May first. Consequently, he had not given much thought to Imrahil's daughter, Lothiriel, or that they would soon meet. Had he done so, he supposed he would have expected her to be tall and dark like the other members of her family. The reality, when they came face to face, was far more than that. All of the men in the Prince's family would be considered handsome, and Eomer had noted appreciative looks cast at them from the ladies. Not only did the family have Numenorean blood, but it was also rumored that they had Elvish ancestry. In Lothiriel of Dol Amroth there was every reason to believe the rumors. Eomer had come to admire the dark looks of Gondorian women, but he thought Imrahil's youngest child might well be the handsomest woman he had ever seen. He noted that he was not the only man, upon first meeting her, who took a moment to recover his composure in the presence of such beauty. More than her looks, though, he found her a pleasant and charming woman, as he would have expected. While yet young, at only twenty years, she carried herself with grace and dignity that reflected well upon her father and his royal house. Eomer was not at all surprised to note her parents beaming proudly as they watched their daughter move about in royal society. During the sennight Eomer tarried at Minas Tirith before returning home, he came to realize that he could very much regret that he had not met the lady sooner, before she was betrothed. There had been little time in his life for the pursuit of ladies and romance; now that he had time, even needed to make time, the one that most caught his eye was unavailable to him. Despite that, Eomer formed as warm a friendship with the lady as he had with the others in her family. With the defeat of Sauron, Imrahil's wife and daughter, heir and his family and Lothiriel's betrothed had all journeyed to Minas Tirith for the celebrations and the coronation of their new king. Imrahil's wife, Sirrin, was a gracious woman, tall and regal, with little gray dusting her hair despite her many years. Apparently, in her eyes, friends of her husband's were friends of hers, and she welcomed Eomer cordially into their home. With the affection that had developed between Eomer's sister and Imrahil's nephew adding an extra tie uniting their families, the king found himself a frequent guest there. Elphir and his family were equally appealing, and the toddler heir was an active boy that kept amused smiles on many faces as they surveyed his antics. The last member of the party, Lord Gaerost of Edhellond, was a bit of a mystery, not so easily assessed as the others. Well-spoken and tactful, Eomer watched him socialize with practiced ease. Amrothos had told him that the man held shipping interests along the coast at the various ports, and was quite wealthy. His fleet of ships had been employed in protecting the coastline, and thus he had remained in the south during the war. He and Elphir had long been acquainted, and it was through that connection that he had met and offered suit to Lothiriel. Perhaps it was just Eomer's predisposition to dislike the man, but he found something pompous and pretentious about him. Indeed he was a handsome man, but bordered on being 'pretty', and seemed to pay an inordinate amount of attention to his appearance. Eomer had never seen any male preen so much as this man, but at the same time, in comparison, the king felt almost unkempt and rough-hewn. It was unlikely Eomer's manners would ever be that refined or particular. Though Eomer met Imrahil's family during the course of the day when they first arrived, he spent the majority of his time with Eowyn and had little interaction with them. Not until the feast that night, did he have an opportunity to speak with them more and get a better sense of them than what casual observation allowed. The first thing to catch his eye was that Lothiriel was now moving with the aid of a cane. As she had been perfectly healthy when they met earlier, he could only presume something had happened in the interim. His eyes narrowed with consternation at how little attention her betrothed seemed to be displaying toward her, particularly given her ailment, but as Lothiriel did not appear bothered by it, he supposed it was none of his business. Only when supper was ended and the dancing began was Eomer able to work his way over in closer proximity. He first encountered Imrahil and his wife, on their way to the dance floor. It was evident from their expressions that they had missed one another's company these past few months. Eomer noted how their hands brushed against the other person's as they walked, and he did not think it was unintentional. If Gondorian society would not have frowned upon it, he very much suspected they would be holding hands. It pricked something deep inside him to realize that. His parents had been the same way, and he had always hoped he could find such in a wife. Though he had had some reservations earlier, when Eowyn explained her reason for tarrying in the city rather than joining him at Cormallen as he had requested, once he had met the Steward and talked with him, he began to believe that the couple was sincere in their affections. He had been watching Eowyn carefully whenever Aragorn was near, but there was no evidence of her previous admiration for him that had gone so amiss. She rejoiced in their victory, and clearly still thought very well of Gondor's new king, but for the most part her eyes were only for Faramir. Eomer had to stifle a grin at how easily he himself was forgotten when the man came into Eowyn's vicinity. Only because her eyes filled with joy as she gazed upon Faramir did Eomer keep silent. Later he would tease her, but for now it pleased him too greatly to see her happy at last. Once Imrahil was past, Eomer snared a goblet of wine and continued on his course toward Lady Lothiriel. She had seated herself at a table along the perimeter, since it was evident she was unable to participate in the dancing. Her brothers had joined her briefly, but soon claimed dance partners and were presently also on the floor. Lord Gaerost had seen her seated, but then wandered off to socialize. He was making a circuit of the room, visiting cordially with the most prominent nobles in the place, but clearly working his way toward his new king to make better acquaintance. What man in his right mind would leave his betrothed sitting alone at such a gathering? Likely it was not Eomer's place to take offense, or to make himself available in Gaerost's absence, but he did not care. Lothiriel of Dol Amroth intrigued him, and for the moment he did not wish to do the right thing and steer clear of another man's betrothed. "Lady Lothiriel," he announced, as he joined her, offering a crisp bow. "What has happened? You are injured or ailing?" She smiled up at him, somehow making him feel as though he were the only person in the room. "Clumsiness on my part, I fear. I stepped down wrong and turned my ankle. I really should be at home with it up on a cushion, but Lord Gaerost was eager to have me attend tonight, and I confess I did not wish to miss the celebrations." His jaw tightened at the news that Gaerost had pressed her to come despite her injury. He knew how painful sprained ankles could be. Not having it elevated would increase the swelling and add to her discomfort. Glancing around, he called to a passing servant. "Fetch me a soft pillow and a cloth filled with ice. Also bring a lap blanket," he instructed. The man bowed and scurried away, as Lothiriel eyed him questioningly, but Eomer had noticed she had no wine and moved to secure some for her. He set it by her just as the servant returned with the items he had requested. Drawing a chair closer, he gestured to it. "It will ease your distress and aid healing if you do not leave your leg down while you sit here." He positioned the chair for her until she indicated she was comfortable, spreading the blanket over her lap to provide whatever modesty she deemed necessary. The bag of ice he wrapped around the affected ankle, then covered it with part of the blanket. "I thank you," she acknowledged with a smile.