A/N: Happened to watch part of a Masterpiece Theatre showing of "Persuasion" (not the really good one with Amanda Root/Ciaran Hinds), and chanced to ponder the possibility of adapting the basic storyline to Middle Earth and, who else, Eomer and Lothiriel. So, sorry Smor, but here's yet another tale of their meeting… NOTES: The details of this story essentially follow Tolkien's tale, though they add numerous events that are not mentioned and probably didn't happen (I don't know for certain if anything directly contradicts Tolkien, but I tried to make it conform with known canon as much as possible). Persuasion (May, 3016 III, Minas Tirith) "Lothiriel? Come here, child," Ivriniel instructed, in that tone that left no room for argument. Since the death of the girl's mother, Ivriniel had seen it as her responsibility to take on the task of seeing her niece properly reared. Certainly the girl's father and brothers could not be expected to do an adequate job of it, and Ivriniel had no intention of leaving the matter to chance. The family's good name and reputation were at stake. The girl's eyes sparkled and her face was flushed, while a brilliant smile lit her face. Ivriniel's eyes narrowed; she could guess the source of this radiant countenance. Young girls were so impressionable, and easily taken in by handsome men. "Where have you been?" she interrogated. Lothiriel was too filled with happiness to conceal anything, though it felt a bit awkward to share such wonderful happenings with her aunt. "I…I have been with Lord Eomer. We were walking in the garden. But I assure you we were properly attended, Aunt." Lothiriel hastened to add that last bit, knowing how important such things were to her stern relative. "He is not a Lord, Lothiriel! He is merely a soldier. Granted he is the king's nephew, but of little consequence beyond that," Ivriniel announced reprovingly. Rohan's king had sent his son and his nephew, just over a sennight ago, as emissaries to Gondor; if Lothiriel must swoon over one of them, let it at least be the prince. He was a bit old for Lothiriel, true, but the most suitable for a match with Imrahil's daughter. Unfortunately, Rohan's heir to the throne was much occupied in discussions with Denethor, leaving his cousin free to impose himself upon the unwary young girl. Lothiriel's enthusiasm faltered at this attack, but then she ventured, "Still, he is most agreeable, and his connection to the king –" Ivriniel cut her off, seeing where this might be leading. "Do not be a silly child, my dear! The man is most inappropriate for you. Men such as that merely toy with young girls. They make insincere promises in order to take liberties, and then they disappear long before the consequences are felt!" She eyed her niece dispassionately, making Lothiriel uneasy under her gaze. "He has done so, has he not?" she inquired perceptively, and Lothiriel ducked her head to avoid the woman's piercing look. "He…he wishes to marry me –" "Marry! That is outrageous! How dare he suggest such a thing, or even presume it! He is nothing but a soldier, Lothiriel, and will never amount to anything of consequence. You are the daughter of a prince, and you have obligations to your family and to Gondor. You could never marry so beneath you. Your father would never allow it, and you would regret the alliance all of your days! Do you truly wish to live out your life in a bark hut, with no servants to attend and nothing of value to your name?" Lothiriel swallowed hard at this assessment. Eomer had seemed most sincere, and she could not think he would ever allow her to go wanting on his account. Still, she was very young and had not had much association with men other than her brothers. Perhaps he did deceive her; perhaps her aunt was right to counsel her against him. Even so, tears filled her eyes as she capitulated. "As you say, Aunt." "Good!" Ivriniel exclaimed, pleased at her victory. "You will decline his offer, and make it clear to him that you are not to be trifled with further. I understand they will be leaving the day after tomorrow to return to Rohan. It should not be difficult for you to largely avoid him until he is gone." xxx "I…I do not understand. Lothiriel –" Eomer was saying when a commanding voice rang out behind him. "Lothiriel! Come inside, child. I am sure the gentleman will excuse you," Ivriniel imperiously instructed. Eomer wheeled on his heel, and Lothiriel slipped reluctantly past him to obey. "Wait! Lothiriel –" "My niece is off limits to you, young man. She is too young and impressionable, and we do not appreciate your preying upon her," Ivriniel announced. For a moment, Eomer was going to argue, but Lothiriel would not meet his eyes, seeming to agree with her aunt's edict. Anger swelled in him and he gave a curt nod of his head, turning quickly away and charging from their presence. "See, that was not so difficult," Ivriniel commented, benignly watching the young man depart. "Come inside, Lothiriel." "Yes, Aunt," she dutifully responded, fighting back the tears threatening to break forth. How had this wondrous visit to Minas Tirith turned so utterly miserable? Chapter 1 (July, 3019 III, Minas Tirith) "So, Erglass, what news of Minas Tirith?" Ivriniel inquired of her servant, while pulling off her gloves. Behind her, Lothiriel was unfastening her travel cloak. The pair had just arrived on the boat from Dol Amroth, answering a summons from Imrahil to join him in the White City. "Oh! So much to tell you, m'lady! When we returned to the City after the fighting was over, it was quite in ruins, though they've done many repairs since then. The menfolk say it was quite a glorious sight when the Rohirrim rode into view on the horizon to help defend us! And, after, during all the celebrations once the Dark Lord was defeated, all those light-haired men made quite a splendid sight to a woman's eye!" The portly, older woman blushed at her girlish remarks, but then pressed on with her commentary, unaware of Lothiriel's increased attention at the mention of Rohan. "Anyway, there was parties and feasting all over, not to mention when the new king was crowned! And then when his bride came – an Elf! Can you imagine! She's the most gorgeous creature that ever lived, I'll wager! It was such a shame you had to miss the wedding on account of your illness, m'lady. You're all better now?" "Yes, dear, I am. Thank you for inquiring. But do go on – what is happening now that would cause my brother to send for us? Surely we have already missed all the excitement," Ivriniel remarked, smoothing her clothes after handing her cloak to another servant hovering nearby, and leading the way toward the library for refreshments. Lothiriel followed silently in her wake, also eager for news. "Well, likely Prince Imrahil would have you here on account of King Theoden – Rohan's king. He was killed in the War, out on the Pelennor, and has lain here in the Hallows until now. They are coming to take him back to Rohan for burial, is what I hear." Before she could continue, Lothiriel involuntarily spoke, murmuring, "Then Theodred is now king." Both the other women turned to look at her, but she was gazing at the floor and did not notice. "Oh no, miss! Seems this Theodred, the king's son, was killed during the War also, though I do not know the particulars of it – he didn't fight here – and so now the king's nephew rules. His name is…Eomer, I think it was. Fine looking man he is – so very tall and handsome. The ladies were all vying for his attention until he returned home. Unless he's found a wife, I'm sure it will be the same this time, too!" Imperceptibly, Lothiriel inhaled and her eyes widened. Eomer was king now? She moved hastily to the window as she fought for control of her emotions and her countenance. There, she closed her eyes in pain at the irony of it all – she had rejected him as unworthy of her hand because of his lowly station! He would never think of her fondly now, she was sure, but she also suspected her aunt would be anticipating making a match of them. Ivriniel did not concern herself overly much with such details. The two were of equal rank; indeed, quite possibly they were each of the highest rank imaginable among the unmarried nobility – Ivriniel would think it right and proper that they be joined, regardless of either one's feelings in the matter. How very humiliating it was going to be to face him now! The room seemed to be closing in on her, and she knew she had to escape. "If you will excuse me, Aunt. I believe I will rest awhile before supper. I want to be fresh for this evening," Lothiriel said, hoping the woman would not press her with questions. "Of course, my dear. That is an excellent idea. Yes, we certainly want you looking your best…" Ivriniel's voice had that speculative note that always set Lothiriel on edge. She could well guess the reason for it this time. Safely in her room, Lothiriel sat in a chair and stared unseeingly ahead of her. Eomer was returning, as king of Rohan. In some ways, the events of three years past seemed an eternity ago. She did not believe a day had gone by during which she had not thought of Eomer, and regretted giving him up. For all that their time together had been brief, she was convinced their love had been true. The momentary confusion Ivriniel had caused led to Lothiriel doing as instructed and rejecting him, but the look on his face when she spoke the words! Her aunt had completely misjudged the situation, and she had broken his heart most cruelly. And she had never recovered from that knowledge or her own feelings. Young men had been interested in her since then, usually spurred by Ivriniel's efforts to encourage her toward a possible future marriage companion, but she had wanted none but the one man who was totally lost to her. A man who was now coming to Minas Tirith, against all probability, and she could not avoid encountering him. Oh, how she wished she was back in Dol Amroth, and did not have to face the next few days. xxx As it turned out, the next few days were the least of her concerns. The Rohirrim had not yet arrived at the city, and Lothiriel spent a pleasant three days being reunited with her family, whom she had missed terribly these past months. She had not seen her father or youngest brothers since March, only Elphir returning home after the War to deal with matters of that kingdom in his father's absence. Despite the joy of seeing her family once more, Lothiriel could not help being nervous about Eomer's pending arrival. She had gone over every possible scenario she could imagine for their initial meeting, but always she envisioned herself as looking quite foolish and garnering nothing but his disdain. Rightly so, she believed. She had hurt him so very much with her rejection. Over the past three years she had had ample time to ponder on the matter, and always her heart reached the same conclusion – that she loved him still. She knew all the arguments her aunt had repeated periodically during that time – that she was too young to know her own mind, that they barely knew one another, that it was merely infatuation that she felt, that Eomer was much too old for her – but none of them did anything to persuade her that her feelings had not been genuine,