A/N: A couple of the Elfwine Chronicles made mention of "what if Theodred had lived" and how would that affect Eomer and Lothiriel. shie1dmaidenofrohan mentioned that was a story just begging to be written, and I've finally felt inspired to pursue it. Other than the detail of Theodred's survival (and the impact it would have), I have tried to mostly keep to Tolkien, but the circumstances will naturally need to veer somewhat from canon. I'm not going to attempt to completely rewrite Lord of the Rings to insert Theodred; I will assume in some cases you know the storyline and not fill in all the background details. Instead, I will focus more on the action taking place where Theodred's presence "changes" things in the here and now. And, for a change, Gamling in this is Tolkien's Gamling rather than the one from the movie (sorry, Bruce!). Endless thanks to Medea Smyke for helping me get on track with this through her thorough analysis of it, and to Virtuella for her comments and corrections. As these are long chapters, I will try posting every other day to make it easier to keep up. Juxtaposition Juxtaposition: the act or an instance of placing two or more things side by side Chapter 1 (25 Feb, 3019 III) "Harding! To me!" shouted Elfhelm, summoning his second in command and trusted friend to his counsel with Grimbold. When Harding had joined them, Elfhelm instructed the man in hushed tones, "Ride swiftly, and carry Lord Theodred to the Hornburg. Instruct Erkenbrand to keep him hidden and safe. Let it be said that he died here and send such word on to Edoras." Grimbold's eyes went wide. "What! You would lie to the king, and tell him that his son is dead?" Elfhelm clapped a firm hand on the other man's shoulder. "These are dangerous times. From what you have told me, the attack on Theodred was no accident of war. We must do this to keep him safe, and Eomer as well. If Eomer learns of this, he is apt to do something rash. Already the Worm seeks to discredit him in Theoden's eyes. For the moment, let the enemy think he has succeeded in Theodred's death, and perhaps grow over-confident. When Theodred is well again, we will reveal him. I fear this is our only hope." Grudgingly, Grimbold accepted this assessment with a nod. "Very well, but I do not like lying to the king." "Nor do I," Elfhelm assured him, "but Grima has too much influence there. If we wish Grima to think Theodred is dead, then Theoden must also believe it. Do you realize what will happen if both Theodred and Eomer fall? Theoden will be the last ruler of the Mark who is of the house of Eorl, and he will be under the influence of Grima. Would you have the Worm as your king?" Grimbold's jaw tightened as the full realization of the situation struck home. "Never!" Elfhelm's eyes flicked back to Harding. "You will do this?" The man gave a curt nod. "Yes, my lord. Is there more you wish me to tell Lord Erkenbrand?" Further instructions were quickly given, and Theodred bundled onto the horse with Harding. A small escort accompanied as they rode swiftly toward the Deep. With the remainder of their men, Elfhelm and Grimbold saw to the fortifying of their position. Much as it grieved them to leave their kinsmen unburied, there was simply no time for it now. They had little doubt Saruman's forces would return – all too soon. xxx Entering the inner court of the Hornburg, Harding made straight for Erkenbrand, who stood waiting on the steps. They had kept Theodred's face hidden, so no one realized who Harding carried on his horse, but as Erkenbrand and his Steward took the unconscious man down from the saddle, Erkenbrand glimpsed the Prince's face. His head jerked up to stare questioningly at Harding, but the man gave a slight shake of his head to warn him to silence. Quickly he dismounted and moved to help carry Theodred inside the citadel. Once they were away from curious ears, Erkenbrand directed, "Speak. My Steward can be trusted." Accepting this, Harding murmured, "I bring word from Elfhelm, my lord. We must keep him concealed. No one may know that he yet lives. Tell only a select few whom you trust to help you care for him. And we must send word to Edoras saying that Theodred died at the Fords." This was so shocking that Erkenbrand came to a stunned halt. "Are you mad?" he hissed. "We cannot lie–" Harding cut him off. "I know what you would say, my lord, but we must. Surely you know how Theoden's counselor has his ear. To keep Theodred safe – to keep the Mark safe – we must conceal him for now. Lord Elfhelm does not wish for the Worm to know they failed to dispatch Theoden's heir at Isen." Erkenbrand scowled more deeply, struggling to comprehend all the implications of what he was being asked to do. Glancing down at the young Prince, however, one thing was certain. They must act quickly or Theodred's death would be no lie. Clearly he was grievously wounded. "Come. Let us get him tended. We will take him to a room in the family's chambers." xx "Retaleoth, come quickly. I need your help." Eanswith did not waste time with an explanation at this moment, trusting her daughter to do as instructed. Looking toward Tilleoth, who watched them from where she played on the floor, she added, "My sweet, go and play with Fylscinan while your Mama helps Grandmother." The little girl obediently nodded and rose, hurriedly grabbing her doll before trotting out the door. As she moved off down the corridor, Retaleoth returned her attention to her mother, turning to follow as she led the way in the opposite direction. Surprisingly, she was making for a little used portion of their living area. The three rooms were rarely occupied, and were kept closed except when they had guests visiting. The last door was their destination, and as Retaleoth stepped inside, her mother instructed, "Close the door, dear. We do not want to be seen." At these words her brow knit in confusion, but Retaleoth allowed her mother to reveal only what she wished. Questions could come later. She glanced around, noticing a man on the bed. All other furniture was pushed well away to allow easy access to him, and she could guess he was injured even before she saw the bloodied clothing that he wore. This was familiar enough – she had assisted with many wounded men, not the least of which had been her husband. Sympathetically, she glanced at his face, wondering who else might well be a widow before dawn, and her breath caught in her throat as she recognized him. Instantly she froze where she stood, until her mother spoke low and insistently, "Retaleoth! Quickly." Abruptly she pulled herself back to the situation and stepped forward, her eyes flicking about and assessing what needed doing. "The healer is coming?" she asked, while helping her mother gently remove the ripped and bloodstained shirt. "Your father is getting him now. Listen carefully, my dear – no one may know the Prince is here, and most of all they must not know he is alive –" "What?" she interrupted with a gasp. "But why?" "Your father did not have time to fully explain it to me as yet, but I am sure he will. I believe…I believe he does not think the effort to kill Theodred at the Isen was by chance. Only in secrecy may we keep him safe. And, hopefully, when it is safe to reveal the truth, he will be healed." A quick knock at the door preceded Erkenbrand's return, along with the leech, Seftebeorn, who immediately went to examine Theodred. Unable to restrain herself, Retaleoth moved over to clutch at her Father's arm. "Papa, I do not understand. How could this happen? Why did Edoras not send him aid? Where is Eomer?" Catching her shoulders to calm her, Erkenbrand gazed down at his daughter and answered quietly, "You know there is darkness overtaking us, dear girl. The evil even creeps at Edoras and blinds the king to our need. Eomer would have come if he could, if he knew. I can only assume he did not receive word, or he was hindered in some way. If not, then he is on his way, though he will be too late to prevent Theodred's fall." He glanced over to the bed as Eanswith joined them. "What will you do?" his wife asked anxiously. With Theodred incapacitated, that meant Erkenbrand now stood as the leader of the forces in the Westfold. "I do not know. I cannot leave the Deep undefended, and yet the Isen must be guarded as well. I am sure the attack on Theodred's forces was only the beginning. The wizard at Isengard is not finished. But so long as the Deep stands strong and ready for battle, we may hope to prevent any attempt at attacking Edoras." He fell silent, contemplating his thoughts and possible choices. "My lord?" The leech's quiet voice drew their attention to the bed. "He is sorely wounded, but there is hope. I will do all that I can, but I will need assistance with his care. Who shall I entrust with this?" "My wife and daughter will aid you. Whatever you need, they will see to it. Other than the three of us, few shall know the truth. And, now, I must go and spread the lie – that our Prince is dead." His face grayed at the thought, but he straightened with purpose. War was never easy, but he was seasoned in battle. He would do what was necessary to improve their chances for survival. xxxxx Erkenbrand delayed his own departure from Helm's Deep for three days, giving temporary field command to Grimbold. But as reports of Saruman's strength reached him, he knew a great confrontation was coming and more men would be needed. Quickly he set out to gather what men of the Westfold he could to bolster their strength. Reluctantly he left defense of the Deep to his trusted captain Gamling, an old but seasoned warrior, until his return. Over the course of the next few days, much happened. There were further battles along the course of the Isen and elsewhere in the land. The orc army broke the Rohirric lines at the Isen and their forces were scattered widely, trying to escape the onslaught in order to regroup and mount their own counter-attack. But disarray reigned and Rohan's straggling survivors tried to hold their own against the horde of invaders. Within the Deeping-wall, all anyone could do was wait and watch. Sketchy reports trickled in, but gave them no clear idea of what was taking place elsewhere. Consequently, they could only assume a battle would come to them, and prepare for that eventuality. Added to the distress of not knowing their situation was their grief over Theodred's death. Sorrowful faces were everywhere, and even the children, who did not fully understand what was happening, rarely smiled. Silent tears would occasionally trickle down a woman's cheeks as she went about her tasks of the day. They mourned their beloved Prince, a familiar face in their midst, as well as their failing king. While most did not know the full details, there had long been rumors about circumstances at Edoras, and fear had become a way of life. Only Erkenbrand's family and most trusted people knew of the deception and saw to Theodred's care. But in public view, they mourned his loss along with the rest of the people. Their long faces were not entirely false, for Theodred's injuries were serious, but he lived and that gave some hope. Unbeknownst to the Westfold, their King, healed by Gandalf, had been