A/N: This is something of an experiment, possibly inspired by shie1dmaidenofrohan. Awhile ago, she did a one-shot of Faramir's POV for a single chapter of her story An Act of Desperation (and did it incredibly well, I might add). I suppose that may have been rattling around in my brain all this time, and I suddenly got the urge to rewrite No Mistake, but doing it from Eomer's POV. Much of what you read will be familiar (assuming you've read No Mistake already, which is a good idea). Obviously the dialogue is identical when Eomer and Lothiriel, etc. are speaking together in the same situations I used in No Mistake. But this time you will get Eomer's perspective. This omits all thoughts/activities that were unique to Lothiriel and replaces them with those unique to Eomer. Anyway, let me know what you think. If there is enough interest, I may follow through and do the same thing to By The Book (the sequel to No Mistake). And, yes, you can call me a lazy bum for not writing something totally original... (July, 3019 III) Chapter 1 Eowyn caught my arm and pulled me to a nearby balcony that overlooked the courtyard. We had heard the sound of horses below, and as I gazed down I could see the flag of Dol Amroth heralding Imrahil's arrival. He and his family had dismounted and were presently being greeted by the King and Queen, in addition to their cousin, Faramir, the Steward of Gondor. We had an excellent view of the proceedings, and I quickly picked out Imrahil and his three sons. With them was a young lady; no doubt the Lady Lothiriel, Imrahil's daughter. Since before we left Edoras on this trek, Eowyn had spoken about her almost as incessantly as she did about Faramir. I did my best to turn a deaf ear, but my sister is most persistent. When we returned to Edoras carrying our uncle's body for his funeral, we would also be trothplighting Eowyn to Faramir. With her marital future secured, she now had set her sights on me and was determined to marry me off as well. Somewhere along the line, possibly in conspiracy with her soon-to-be-betrothed, she had decided that Lothiriel of Dol Amroth would be the perfect choice of wife for me. And, so, at every opportunity I was inundated with raptures about the lady's many virtuous qualities. As if Theoden's funeral march and my newly acquired duties as King of Rohan weren't enough burden, I was made to endure my sister's matchmaking attempts. I was not looking forward to the next month. The sooner Lothiriel of Dol Amroth was back in her own city and I was in mine, the better I would like it. I had become lost in my thoughts on this dreary matter when I was brought back to the present by Eowyn pointing the lady out to me, as if I could not see well enough with my own eyes. After all, she was the only lady in the party; I could hardly miss her! As I looked down, I glimpsed Faramir catching the lady's arm and pointing toward us, saying a few words to her. She glanced up and for a moment our gazes met. The look on her face was no more eager than the one I'm sure I wore. I could not deny the lady was handsome enough; since my time in Gondor I had come to find the dark tresses of the ladies here rather appealing. But I wanted no wife just yet and I resented having one forced upon me. Turning away, I continued on down the hallway as before and reluctantly Eowyn hurried to follow me. "Well, what do you think of her?" she asked. With a sigh, I responded, "Eowyn, I can hardly pass judgement on someone I have glimpsed once from a distance. She is pleasing to the eye, but then so are many other women in both Gondor and Rohan." I was insistently noncommittal and Eowyn scowled at me. "Brother, at least give her a chance to suit you. Do not reject her outright. She is a lovely girl, and Faramir tells me the two of you have much in common." "Indeed? Has she recently been made King of a country because her beloved uncle and cousin were lost in battle? Does she struggle daily in trying to rebuild her country, and see that her people are safe and provided for through the coming winter? Is she a consummate horsewoman who prefers to spend more time in the saddle than on foot? Has she spent the better part of her life as a soldier, killing orcs and other assorted enemies of her country?" "Eomer!" my sister interrupted. "You know very well that is not what I meant." She stopped and sighed, catching my arm again and pulling me to a stop. Stepping to face me, she said, "At least promise me you will give her a chance. You have to marry sometime, and Rohan needs an heir to the throne in case anything should happen to you. Would you not rather meet a lovely girl and have it happen easily, than have to spend a great deal of time trying to find someone suitable that you could at least tolerate? Your advisers and our people could hardly find fault if you were to bring home a princess as your wife, strengthening the ties with Gondor and Dol Amroth in the bargain. Just try to enjoy her company. You do not have to marry her if you truly do not care for her." I put my hands on Eowyn's shoulders and looked her sternly in the eye. "I know that what you say is true, and I will eventually need to find a wife, but I do not have time for such matters at present. There is too much else that presses upon me. Please do not put any further demands on me just now. I will be polite to the young lady, and I will not refuse to like her, but I make you no promises." Before she could argue more, I resumed my walk to my room, not much farther down the hallway. Eowyn did not follow me, and as I opened my door, I glanced back and saw her, hands on hips, looking quite annoyed with me. Determinedly, I went inside, refusing to let her make me feel guilty. Rohan's needs came first. Romance would have to wait a while. A few hours later, I reluctantly left my room to head down to supper. As I made my way through a long, airy corridor, with many balconies branching off it, I suddenly caught the sound of an argument taking place. I had just stepped on a broad stretch of carpet, and my footfall was deadened of sound. It was unlikely the pair could hear my approach. I hesitated a moment, wondering the best way to deal with the matter. The balconies were shallow and it was unlikely they would not see me pass by and realize I had heard at least some of their conversation. While I pondered my course of action, I suddenly became aware that the conversation was about me, and then I recognized the man was Faramir. Without thinking, I stepped into a nearby alcove. As soon as I did, I knew it was a stupid move. While it would keep them from being aware of my presence and causing embarrassment, it meant I was stuck eavesdropping on them. As the discussion progressed, I realized the woman must be the Lady Lothiriel, who apparently had a decidedly unfavorable opinion of me. Her arguments against me were rather unfair, given we had never even been introduced yet. How did she know whether or not my manners were coarse from a mere glimpse of me? But then the reason for her disapproval became evident. As with me and Eowyn, apparently Imrahil was pushing her toward a match with me, and she was just as disinclined as I was. At least Faramir took my part and spoke well of me, but there was no evidence she was convinced of anything he said. A moment later, I heard their voices moving away down the corridor, and I waited a bit then risked a peek. When the coast was clear, I continued on my way to the welcoming feast. It was likely I would be introduced to her at the feast, but at least now I knew she was no more inclined to endure this meddling than I was. Even so, I knew this could prove a tedious evening, with both Eowyn and Imrahil interfering in matters. I tried to steel myself for what was coming. Knowing she was no more interested than I was suggested I wasn't likely to offend her if I refused to play this game. I soon reached the noise of the banquet hall and was announced. All eyes fell upon me as I moved to my seat next to King Elessar. Faramir and Lothiriel had not yet put in appearance and I was glad I had managed to arrive first. I was even more relieved when it was clear that Imrahil's family was seated on the opposite side of the King from me. I would at least be able to eat supper in peace. After the meal, the stiffness returned to my shoulders and neck as the room was prepared for dancing. Now the worst of it would come. With any luck, I could plead fatigue and slip away early. A few tankards of ale might help matters also... It didn't take long to spot Imrahil headed my way, bringing his children with him, and I was soon introduced to the young lady. She stiffly curtsied and forced a smile, but said nothing. On closer glimpse, she was indeed a lovely woman. She was taller than many women, just as her brothers and father were taller than most. Also like them, there was a faintly Elvish appearance to her features, though in her it seemed more pronounced than in the men. Her dark wavy hair had been done up in an intricate style with flowers and pearls interwoven. Indeed, I could find nothing wanting in her appearance. But her eyes were cold and distant, and it was evident to me how much she was balking at this arrangement. To make matters worse, the music began and her father suggested my taking her as my partner to help start off the dancing. I could hardly refuse in a polite way, so I unenthusiastically made the offer. "I would be quite pleased to dance with your daughter, Prince Imrahil, if she is so inclined." She gave me a weak smile and accepted the offer, so we moved into the dance area and took up position. As the dance began, she seemed to be avoiding looking at me, but eventually that faded and she began a polite, indifferent conversation. "And how do you like Minas Tirith, my lord?" I intended to respond just as indifferently, but ended up being more honest than I wanted to be, saying, "It is pleasant enough a place, though I do not care for all this stone. I miss the open plains and mountains of my home." I could not restrain the wistful tone of my voice as I mentioned home. Indeed, I would much rather have been there than on this tortuous dance floor. After a moment, however, I realized that my comment was a bit rude and I had no real desire to offend her; this was not her fault. So I added, "I suppose part of what makes me nervous about Minas Tirith is my sister's earnest desire to marry me off to a noblewoman of Gondor. Apparently, people who are in love want everyone else to be in love also." I thought my words would give her a hint that I