Cato and Clove scene It wasn't the first time Clove found herself curled in a ball unable to sleep. However this time she couldn't quite place the reason why. Sure the Quarter Quell started tomorrow, and there was every chance that either her or Cato wouldn't make it out, but still that had been the case before the Games and she had slept fine that night. Then again, a lot had changed between her and Cato since the Games. She wasn't quite sure what they were, but every time he wasn't nearby she felt a hole in her stomach, she worried when he wasn't at her side incase something had happened to him. She no longer needed to look and see when he entered a room because something inside her just relaxed in his presence. Of course that only brought around a whole new selection of feelings that she really wasn't sure how to deal with. Sighing, she figured out what she'd have to do if she wanted to sleep. But for some reason just lying sleeping with Cato like they had done so many nights ago just didn't feel like enough. She needed something else, something more. She needed to feel that connection she'd felt when he pushed her against walls and claimed her mouth as his own, when the passion he felt for her became overwhelming and he couldn't take it anymore. That was how she wanted to feel, she wanted the butterflies and the gasps and the adrenaline that came with them. Slowly she got out of bed, the air around her only slightly cooler than that under her duvet. She stretched slightly, looking a little like a lioness that has just awoken, but Clove had always looked just a little too much like a predator to appeal to most people. Funnily, she was sure it was one of the things that drew Cato to her. He didn't want the weak ones, the ones that could snap under his touch, the ones that would answer his every call out of fear, no Cato lived for the fight, and for the feeling he got when he was fighting and that was something only Clove could really give him. She opened the door to his room slowly, using every memory of her training she could to try and sneak up on him. He had also gone through the same number of awful years of training as she had, and there was every chance he could wake up at any moment if she made even the slightest noise. Of course, in the end, Clove got her way and she exhaled slowly at the end of the bed. She admired his sleeping form, the way the covers had bunched up at his hips, revealing the light colored trail of hairs that led from his navel to much more interesting places. His hands were spread over his head. Clove found herself smiling at the utterly bizarre positions the boy chose to sleep in. Just do it, she thought to herself before stepping around to the side of the bed, her eyes never leaving the sleeping form of Cato. She almost felt bad for awakening him, he looked so peaceful when he slept and he rarely had other chances to look so delicate. But she had made it this far, and she never really was one to back out of a challenge. She jumped on the bed and quickly straddled him while bringing her hands over his to pin them on the bed. His eyes shot open and he tried to push his hands forward, but Clove pushed all her bodyweight onto her hands, making it impossible for him to push them away. He fell back against the mattress and looked up at her with a mixture of confusion and excitement in his eyes. "Clove what the-?" he started asking but her mouth found its way onto his and she gave him little chance to break away. Not that he would have complained. His lips were sweet but forceful against hers, and he wound his fingers with hers as his tongue found its way into her mouth. She found herself exploring every inch of his mouth, wanting to know it better than her own, desperate to find the thing she was searching for. She removed her hands from his and they found their way into his short still slightly tousled hair. It felt soft against her fingertips as she gripped onto the strands, causing him to growl against her lips. The noise caused a vibration in his chest that sent tingles over Cloves skin and she felt something pool deep in her stomach. Her back arched into him, so that their torsos were completely pressed against each other, as Cato's hands started to trail along her back, leaving sparks behind them. They settled on the small of her back and began to swirl delicate patterns under her nightshirt. She found herself silently wishing his hands would move just a little lower. Clove gasped slightly as her wish was granted, and his hands made their way tantalizingly slowly down onto her ass. He pulled away from her and looked at her worriedly. "Clove are you ok?" he asked uncertainly, his eyes searching hers in the same way he had a thousand times before. She prayed that he would pick up on her feelings, that he would see the lust and the need that was usually so hidden behind the secrets her eyes had seen. "I won't break," she whispered, staring back. And that was all the reassurance he needed. Because he knew that Clove wouldn't lie to him, not in the same way his trainers had. She would never let him think he could have something that he could never be guaranteed, and yet here he was, with her, and he felt like he'd never wanted something so much in all his life. As his long arms reached further down and began stroking the backs of her thighs, Clove became increasingly aware of a part of him pressing against her firmly. She didn't like admitting it when she didn't know what to do and yet here she was, completely clueless and feeling inadequate. They hadn't been allowed to lose their virginity in Two, well at least the girls hadn't. "Someone will pay highly for that one day," Lemma had assured her time and time again and suddenly she wished she hadn't listened. That just once she'd broken the rules and done what she'd wanted. "Cato," she sighed into his mouth, as the warm feeling spread from the back of her thighs upwards slightly and affected her in ways she's never been affected before. He pushed them up then, she didn't doubt for a second he'd have the strength to do it, and they sat in the middle of the bed, her legs now wrapped firmly around his waist, begging him to move closer towards her. She moved herself slight, so that she could feel him pressing against the spot where she felt the most relief, the center of her desires. They stared at each other for a moment; their breath mingling as they tried to feel the others heart rate with their chests pressed so tightly against each other. Clove leaned her head down so that their noses brushed lightly against each other's. "Clove we-" "Shhhh," Clove instructed, her lips pressing lightly against his before her lips ghosted his and she mouthed the words, "I want this." She looked up into his eyes then to see something she'd only seen twice before. Once when he pushed her against the wall after the dance and once in the elevator. It was one of the few moments when she was reassured that he felt the same way about her as she did for him. Not that either of them would ever say the words out loud; their actions would always speak for them. But they never needed to hear the words either, for their relationship was not one of words or lies or poems, it was one of passions and scars and actions and that is how it would always stay. As if he needed no more instructions he twisted their bodies as he threw her down into the mattress, her back pressed firmly there by his weight, his face hovering inches above hers. His lips curled into that wicked smile she'd grown all too fond of recently and she felt his lips make contact with her earlobe, lightly tugging on the sensitive skin and causing her nails to dig into his shoulder blades like she was clinging onto the last shreds of her sanity. He pressed himself flush against her, every part of them connected. "Promise?" he whispered in her ear, the warmth breath heating her ear and sending an unfamiliar warmth directly downwards between her legs. "Always," she replied, now aware of the fine stubble of his cheek rubbing against her face. She pondered over what exactly she was promising him, and then realized she didn't care. That really he hadn't needed to ask because she trusted him, and most things she had she would give to him. His lips made their way tactfully over her face, along her jawline, over her defined cheekbones, one on the tip of her nose, teasing her slowly by giving her what she wanted but not directly. When his lips found their way back to hers again she sighed in the relief that she found in the pressure. His lips moved slowly but with a purpose, the purpose slowly become more and more obvious as she twisted under his weight to try and press the part of her that craved him the most against him, the actions causing a beautiful friction that she didn't think she could ever tire from. He broke away from her then, leaving her lips feeling colder, before moving his lips to trail kisses down her neck, his tongue pressing heavily against her skin as it swirled intricate patterns that she was unable to focus on. Every move he made had one purpose, to make her want him. To make her need him like she'd never known and for once she was ok with it. Because she did need him, because even though their training had centered around there being only one victor, around learning how to survive on your own, independent from the rest of the world, she would always need him. She would always need his presence with her to continue living. She arched her back as his hands moved to the hem of her shirt, her body encouraging him to remove the item of clothing. He obliged and tossed the shirt to one side before leaning up on his arms to admire her. She felt herself grow warm under his watchful eyes, as the moved slowly up and down her naked chest, taking in every curve of her breasts and the way her chest moved quickly as she breathed shallowly under him. He forced himself downwards then, taking her lips hungrily in his own. All sense of control had become lost as Clove gasped one again, the sound feeling foreign in her mouth as his tongue unforgivingly made its way into her. She knew it was how he had to deal with his emotions, he had to be strong and forceful and show no weakness because it was how they were trained; your weakness was your worst enemy. It was what they'd always been told. The only way to handle your weakness was to confront it, and that's what they were doing. Because at the end of it all their greatest weakness was the love they had for each other, the way that one would never let the other put themselves in danger and yet danger was all they had to offer each other. The way Cato's muscles tensed over her reminded her every second that he had the power to