AN: For those of you who have read my other works, this story adheres more closely to canon than those in the "Mercy" series. I also think it's a bit less dark, though it's hardly fluff. Plenty of drama and action will be present. And also, this one is a romance, as stated in the genre description, so AroxBella fans needn't be disappointed. EdwardxBella fans... Oh dear. You won't like this at all. This story picks up right in the middle of Breaking Dawn Chapter 7 and should be read as a continuation of the saga from that point — I apologize if that seems redundant, but I really feel that the buildup is necessary to explaining Bella's feelings. Just as you don't fall in love in one day, you don't fall out of love in one day either, and... well... she's married *cough* to the wrong person *cough* at this point... so... Also, it'll be a few chapters before Aro shows up. He's not the first person Bella would think about in a crisis. And once again, I'm following FFnet guidelines for my ratings and so this story is 16+ not 18+. ... I will give no sort of medicine to any pregnant woman, with a view to destroy the child . -Original Greek Version of the Hippocratic Oath (approx.. 500 B.C.) ... CHAPTER ONE: UNEXPECTED Everything about our honeymoon on Isle Esme had been picturesquely perfect. That is, until a sudden bout of nausea seized my stomach and caused me to heave its contents not just once, but three times—all in the same day. The first time, I blamed the suspicious-tasting chicken I had fried for myself earlier that day. I figured that my human fragility made food poisoning a sensible explanation. Edward hadn't appreciated the insinuation that the food he had provided was anything less than five-star. But I'd never had the strongest of stomachs. And no matter how scrupulous he'd been about checking expiration dates, and keeping the meat well-refrigerated, there was still an infinitesimal chance that it could have something wrong with it. And when I was around, every .01% chance of danger became an 100% chance. I seemed to turn everything upside-down like that. My whole life, from the unplanned pregnancy that led to my existence, to my multiple close brushes with death, was a mess. And my uncanny bad luck had only increased exponentially since I met Edward and became embroiled in the world of vampires. So I really wasn't surprised that a hiccup like this happened on my honeymoon with one. But for some unknowable reason my sickness threw Edward into a state of dire panic. Like I'd contracted a terminal illness or something, instead of what I was sure was just an insignificant stomach bug. After I told him that I threw up, Edward spent the better part of ten minutes pacing back and forth, and shaking like the earth was giving in beneath him. As he moved, he angrily mumbled a string of mostly indecipherable nonsense. The little I could make out suggested that he thought I was in mortal peril. And that it was somehow his fault. "I should never have..." he muttered, wringing his hair in his hands, "...she can't die... not... so close..." I tried to reassure him that this was nothing to be worried about—that I wasn't as fragile as he thought, and had definitely survived worse. I was Bella Swan: weirdness and danger-magnet extraordinaire. I was always running headlong into danger when I ought to be running away. Like when I stopped Edward from committing suicide in Volterra. And I was always worrying about the wrong things when confronted with a life-threatening situation. Like when I was more worried about whether or not Edward's family would approve of me than I was about my own physical safety. According to Edward I was "backwards in the head", and sometimes "totally stupid" when it came to self-preservation. And yet, despite all of the dumb things I'd done that could have easily ended my life, I'd made it this far alive. But no matter how logical my arguments were; no matter how many times I told him that I would know if I was dying (and I definitely wasn't), Edward remained skeptical about the source of my sudden sickness. At least, for a few hours. Eventually, he grudgingly accepted my explanation. He agreed to fry me up some eggs for dinner while I did a little "I told you so" dance. But unfortunately, my victory was short lived. Only a few minutes after eating the eggs he had carefully cooked for me, I unexpectedly heaved again, and his worry grew to the extreme. Again, I tried to reassure him that it was probably just the common flu. Which was nothing I couldn't handle on my own. Especially given the plethora of medicinal supplies Alice had foresightedly packed for me. But it wasn't really working. Nothing would stay in my stomach for very long. Not even the ginger-tea Edward had lovingly fixed to settle my stomach, which typically worked miracles on digestive problems like this. After coughing up the entire drink, and a lot of bile, into the kitchen sink, Edward started to insist that we return to the mainland and seek professional help. "We should go back to Rio, see a doctor," he suggested anxiously when I was vigorously rinsing my mouth out afterward—I hated the nasty, acidic taste throwing up left behind. It was almost impossible to entirely get rid of. I shook my head and nervously edged towards the hallway—doctors meant needles, and my track record with sharp-pointy objects was not stellar. Hell, my track record with perfectly smooth, safe objects wasn't great. So I figured if I went anywhere near something as dangerous as a syringe, I would somehow manage to gravely injure myself. Or at least faint from the sight of my own blood. Risks I really didn't want to take unless I was dying. "I'll be fine right after I brush my teeth," I lied, in an attempt to placate him. It was a lie which he accepted with surprising grace. He nodded once before leaving me to it. I spent a good five minutes scrubbing the rough bristles of my toothbrush across my teeth to erase all vestiges of the horrible taste. When my mouth finally tasted better, I slowly padded into our bedroom, trying not to disturb my stomach any more than necessary. A large suitcase sat open in front of our bed. I knelt down in front of it and started rummaging through it's many contents. I was searching for the little first-aid kit Alice had packed for me. The first aid kit was full of human things like bandages and painkillers and—my object now—Pepto-Bismol. As I fingered through the many lacy lingerie numbers Alice had also provided, many of which I had yet to utilize against my unsuspecting husband, I hoped that the elusive pink fluid could settle my stomach and subsequently calm Edward down. Really, a little nausea was not something to get worked up over. But before I found my Pepto, I happened across another thing that Alice had packed for me that gave me pause. It was a small blue box with the word TAMPAX emblazoned on the side in bold white lettering. Lifting it up to examine it better in the light, I stared at the strange object in my hand for a long moment, forgetting everything else. Then I started counting in my head. Once. Twice. Again. Something isn't right, I thought as I peered at the waxy cardboard surface of the box in my hand. It's been too long… at least I think so… A sharp knock on the bedroom door startled me, causing the little box to fall back into the suitcase. "Are you well?" Edward asked anxiously through the door. He didn't dare come in just in case I was in the middle of one of my "embarrassing human rituals" which I had staunchly forbidden him to witness. I loathed the idea of him seeing me that way, disgusting, frail and ordinary. So whenever he tried, I threw a huge fit. One he currently wanted to avoid. "Did you get sick again?" he probed, sounding worried, and still hovering behind the door, ready to dart in as soon as I gave the okay. I heaved a deep sigh. Though I wished otherwise, Edward wasn't going to leave without an answer. "Yes and no," I said truthfully, not possessing the craftiness to lie at this point. But my voice sounded strangled. And I'd left him with even more questions than answers now. "Bella? Can I please come in?" His voice creaked with surprising emotion. He was really concerned about my health now, like he believed I had tripped over the foot of the bed and broken my leg. It wasn't entirely unlikely, given my legendary clumsiness. But given my slightly catatonic state, I didn't know how to respond, other than to weakly squeak out, "O…kay?" Immediately Edward came in and appraised my position, kneeling on the floor by the suitcase, as well as my expression: blank and staring. After a moment of silent observation, he slid down next to me. His hand went to my forehead at once and he softly stroked my feverish skin. Edward's pale lips twisted into a disconcerted frown. "What's wrong?" he asked, running his fingers over my face and through my tousled brown hair. He was trying to jolt me from my immobilized condition, so he could know how to offer assistance, rather than sit helplessly in the dark. "How many days has it been since the wedding?" I whispered nervously, leaning into his cool touch to escape the heat of the day. "Seventeen," he answered automatically, like it ought to be obvious—which of course it was to him, he had impeccable vampire memory. Seventeen? Really it's been that long? Edward's face grew solemn at my silence. "Bella, what is it?" His answer required an immediate recount. I held up a finger, cautioning him to wait until I was finished—I could hardly concentrate when his beautiful melodious voice was speaking dulcet tones in my ear. I mouthed the numbers to myself. I'd been wrong about the days when I had counted before. According to his calculation, which I knew to be correct, we'd been here longer than I had thought. So I started over again, checking my facts twice, three times, four…. just to be sure. But no matter how many times I did the math. Or whether I did it backwards or forwards, didn't make a difference. The answer still came up wrong. It had to be wrong, because the only alternatives I knew of were impossible—unless I was suddenly menopausal. Which was highly unlikely, given the fact that I was only eighteen. Of course there was a slim chance… But nausea wasn't a symptom of menopause—hot flashes, headaches and irregular periods, sure. But this strange moodiness that had suddenly overwhelmed me and my complete inability to hold down food were not a part of the program. I'd seen my own mother go through menopause—this was not it. "Bella!" Edward whispered urgently, jarring me from my analytical thoughts. "I'm losing my mind over here," he added, his topaz eyes imploring me to tell him what had me so paralyzed. I tried to swallow; to compose myself so that I could explain my conundrum. But it didn't work—my mouth was utterly frozen in shock. So instead I merely reached into the suitcase and fumbled around until I found the little blue box of tampons again, brand-new and unopened. I held it aloft silently. I figured their lack of use during this extended trip spoke enough for itself. Apparently not. As I presented the box to my husband, Edward just stared at me in total confusion. "What? Are you trying to pass this illness off as PMS?" he