AN: Here's the first chapter of the Desolation of Mercy, as promised. It's not in Bella's perspective, but rather another female vampire (you'll figure out who soon enough, but don't worry, Bella will be back, she's the main character!) but I really felt like this chapter needed to be here in order to set up everything that is to come. I can't say much else, cause, you know, spoilers, but this one's pretty creepy-awesome. Preface The lonely window pane in front of me dripped with cool, shiny raindrops and the dim, lamp-lit room around me flickered brightly white as lightning flashed brilliantly outside. The flash was followed several seconds by a boisterous clap of thunder, a sure sign that the entire city was caught the midst of a heavy storm. Heavy black clouds overcrowded the midnight sky, completely blocking out all natural sources of light, and a loud, whistling wind swept through the city. The violent gusts bent the path of the falling water to a forty-five degree angle slant, made the derelict walls of the building I was in shake, and sent any small, loose objects skittering down the sidewalk. The dark, sodden streets beyond the wetly glistening glass before me were mostly abandoned, except for the occasional, coat-clad person, rushing quickly through the torrential rain towards their nighttime destination. And as I watched them bustle irritably by, clutching firmly the handle of their umbrellas, the brims of their hats, or whatever other object they could spare to protect their heads, I realized that the weather outside was the perfect picture of misery. One young man in particular, I noticed, was wearing nothing but a simple long-sleeve T-shirt and jeans, which were utterly soaked through. He shivered violently with chattering teeth as he strode hurriedly past the apartment I was being kept in, and kept turning his head, searching for refuge as he walked towards the empty restaurant across the street. Knowing from his franticly sweeping brown eyes that he was human, and remembering that as such he was incredibly susceptible to the tempestuous elements around him without sufficient protection, I was especially sensitive to his plight. I felt that, although we were different species, it mirrored my own perfectly as we both were single-mindedly focused on finding a way to escape our miserable surroundings. I was indoors and immortal so the rain wasn't the source of my misery, though. Instead, I was trapped in the top story of an old skyscraper, bound from neck-to-foot in thick, enchanted chains, and forced to sit painfully upright in a reinforced steel chair which was bolted to the cold cement floor. Thanks to my cruel captors, I had been sitting in this exact same spot for months now, so my skin was beginning to petrify beneath these restricting chains, and my eyes were starting film over from being forced to stare endlessly out of this same window into the bleak world beyond. I had tried to break out of my binds numerous times, but whatever enchantment had been cast over the biting metal was too powerful for even my inhuman strength to best. Of course, given the weak state of half-starvation my incarcerators kept me in, I wasn't entirely surprised. Even though I didn't expend much energy just sitting here, I was only brought me half of a fresh meal every three months, instead of a full meal every two, which left me with a constant burning itch in my throat, and made me too lethargic to struggle for very long. So there was no way out. I was stuck in this ramshackle room indefinitely. And nothing for me to do but look out of the same grimy window pane as the skies cried for all the cruelty and injustice in this world. With nothing else to occupy myself with, I continued to watch the totally soaked man scramble to get away from the rain for several more minutes, having become somewhat interested in his fate. One of the warm, dry workers at the restaurant he was heading towards routinely put up a "closed" sign in the entrance window. I could clearly tell from the wet human's panicked gaze towards it, that he had been intending to find refuge there, and as he slunk into the dirty, dilapidated alley behind our apartment, I knew that he had nowhere else to go. I felt a brief pang of empathetic sadness for him as he curled up beside a rusty dumpster, underneath a scraped sheet of tin to pathetically try to shield himself from the cold. It must be awful to try and sleep under such unforgiving conditions. But I was more terrified of what my captors would decide to do with him if he remained there long enough to vocalize my distress. Unbeknownst to the public at large, the vindictive creatures holding me here in this cold, dark room against my will, keeping were building an army. They had collected as many from the supernatural community who were sympathetic to their harebrained scheme as they could muster, and when that was not enough, they were avidly engaged in the process of making more. Forcing humans into a supernatural role by transforming them into vampires, that is, and then brainwashing the horde of confused, hungry, desperate newborns into following their lead. Knowing nothing else, and still in the unfortunate phase where they rejected the difficult truth that it was natural for their kind to kill and consume humans, the newborns were easily swayed by the pernicious lies that my imprisoners fed them—about what they ought to eat, about who their enemies in this world were, and about who they could trust to watch their backs. The ones who had forced my powdery, atrophying skin beneath these restricting chains, and forced my filmy eyes to stare endlessly out of this window into the bleak world beyond, made many assurances to the new vampires. But they were empty assurances. My captors cared nothing for these frightened creatures they had copiously created—after they served their purpose, they were all going to be mercilessly slaughtered. And although every newborn had been quick to accept the idea, the Volturi were not the bad guys. Sure, I knew from firsthand experience living for some time among their coven, that their methods were often violent, and unforgiving. But unfortunately because so many in the paranormal world were careless, lawless and all too frequently just plain stupid, the world needed an iron fist to keep order. And the thirty-or-so newborns crowded tightly, some even sitting atop on another on the three dark green sofas facing away from me, anxiously awaiting the return of their creator, really ought to thank the Volturi for their work, not condemn them for it. But of course they wouldn't listen to me—I ate humans utterly without remorse. I found it terribly ironic that they despised me on that front, because all of my meals were brought to me by my captors. Hypocritically, the ones keeping me here thought it was best to keep me just above the brink of starvation by allowing me to feed from unconscious persons infrequently, rather than let my body deteriorate like the newborns' did. Though, I should not have been surprised that the new vampires were utterly illogical when it came to matters of diet, because their thought processes had never been completely rational. From the moment they were created, the newborns were all put under the influence of powers which altered their thinking, and thus they were unswervingly loyal to their master, the duplicitous person leading this terrible operation, no matter how nonsensical their master's arbitrary distinctions between right and wrong were to an unmanipulated mind. Thankfully, I was immune to these powers, but seeing their effects on others was no less traumatizing. I wanted to feel sorry for them, but all I could manage was a sort of flimsy pity—which took a lot of concentration to maintain—before I was suddenly brightly awash with luminous happiness again. And as I watched an indistinct dark shape leap out of the murky alley shadows and a flash of red, before the wet young man taking refuge there crumpled to the wet ground, clutching his bloodied wrist in howling pain, I tried in vain to cling onto my deep sorrow for his fate. I fought to hold onto my fierce anger at the one who had bitten him, and my overall despair at my current situation. But ultimately all of my negative emotions refused to stay within my being for longer than a fleeting, fraction of a second before a warm sunshiny feeling welled up from inside and flushed it all away. In some ways, this quirk of mine was a curse—feeling happy all the time certainly felt great, but it was unsettling, horrifying even, when I ought to be feeling something else. To watch daily so much misery and fail to feel anything aside from exuberant joy made me feel sick inside—especially when the copious amounts of spells set in place in this apartment neutralized the normal bleed-over that my happiness had on others. The newborns felt nothing of the bright, limitless cheer I had once shared with everyone around me, instead they were under the influence of other powers, conspiring to make their minds and hearts swirl darkly with depressive and paranoid thought patterns. The enchantments heavily lacing this rundown apartment complex were very much like the thick, oppressive storm clouds congregated outside in the foreboding night sky, blocking out all traces of hopeful light. And the wicked bewitchments set upon those recently immortalized, naïve hearts were like the relentless battering winds and the jarring thunderclaps, wearing their spirits down and alighting their whole beings with fidgety fear. But I felt none of it. And I never would—the forecast in my heart would always be sunny. Even as I twisted to watch the thin, paint-flaking door to this room be abruptly cast open, and the one I had come to passionately despise in so far as my immortally jovial chemistry allowed stride purposefully into the room, I couldn't be miserable. Even as I saw my nemesis' pale hands clutching the poor, sopping wet young man by the hair as he writhed and screamed in the midst of his recently started transformation, no venom welled in my eyes for his sake. And when my enemy angrily tossed the man's pain-wracked body onto the hard linoleum floor directly in front of the blankly-gazing crowd of newborns, no sobs left my throat, even though I desperately wanted them to. Instead, a warm smile graced my flaking lips. By contrast, the newborns sitting listlessly on the couches betrayed no emotion, they simply stared emptily with their desolate, blackening eyes at the wriggling form before them, utterly unmoved by the human's acute suffering. This sort of heartless, purposeless torture was something they saw almost every day, and even in their advanced state of thirst, they were expected to stoically resist the freely bleeding wrist lying only a few feet away from their ravenous teeth. The delicious salty scent caused me to squirm irritably in my chair and hiss with hungry anticipation, but thanks to their cruel indoctrination, not a single newborn moved a muscle towards the man or dared to show any outward indication that the human blood was effecting them. Well, all that is, except for one, a scrawny brunette teen boy who licked his thirstily dripping lips and struggled to turn away from the intoxicating scent. He couldn't help but start frothing at the mouth, it was a perfectly natural instinctual response to the presence of viable sustenance, and to punish him for it would be like punishing a baby for crying when it thirsted for mother's milk. It was totally unfair, but I knew all too well that if the teen acted on his natural impulses, it wouldn't be met with approval. Though I could not begin to fathom why, my captors were puritanical