We Reap What We Sow Kuramagal Authors Notes: This is my attempt at a multi chapter story that I will actually finish. Please bear with me since the updates will be slightly irregular. Thanks as always to my Beta Kalisona, who besides being an amazing writer herself, is also a great beta! Summary: An ordinary day in Rivendell turns to pandemonium when the twins seek to avenge an old grudge. How will everyone survive their wrath? And what is lurking beyond the safety of the Last Homely House? Warning: None really. This story does contain OC's, however none of them have any romantic relations with the main characters, nor are any of them Mary-Sues. Genre: Drama/Action & Adventure Chapter One: Returning Pranks Yesterday had been a long day. A day he hadn't really planned for; but to his surprise and unfortunate luck, he had been sent out with a unit of twelve or so equally unlucky guards to patrol the valley with as much dignity as they could. Patrolling the valley was usually a miserable task, but it was especially so during this round. The guards, who normally obeyed and agreed with his every command, were not only irritable but weary as well. As would any who had just been out on duty for two weeks , he thought. They had come home from a venture, expecting a warm and food-filled welcome with bed at the end. And what did they get? A quick hello and an order that sent them back out into the cold to patrol once more. How was that for a welcome! The reason behind this cruel madness had been because " they were the only ones ready and able to do it." Apparently, while they'd been gone, Lord Glorfindel, whose troops were suppose to be on patrol, had been attacked. The result had sent the military advisor, as well as most of the troop, to the healing ward in Rivendell. As for his weary troops, well they had been sent back out again. And for the final kicker, as if such as thing was needed, it had been raining. Not just any rain either, but cold, icy rain. Rain that made you want to kill yourself right there and then, and indeed he would know, for he had wanted to do just that. But all that was behind him now. He was secure, cozy and pleasantly dry, and the soft luxurious bed the lay beneath him was more than welcome. He had awoken for the second time this morning and was about to curl up once again in to the blissful quiet of early morning, when three loud voices could be heard. So much for quiet… "Come on now, he'll kill us if we wake him," a melodious voice, one that he recognized, said. He noted that the voice sounded only half-heartily sorry. "But that's the whole point, he's been in there for long enough," another voice argued, not bothering to keep its volume low. "Besides," said a voice that sounded extremely like the previous, "What will he say if we don't welcome him home in proper fashion?" He tried to brace himself for their attack as he heard the door swing open. He listened for the faint sounds of lightly shoed feet on the stone floors. Upon hearing them, he grabbed the blankets with one hand and firmly held the pillow down with the other. Oh, please let Legolas make them leave, he prayed desperately. "Oh look," a voice at the foot of his bed said. So much wishing, he thought savagely. "He's almost awake, but dear brother," the voice said, taking on a concerned tone. "Isn't it unhealthy for him to only be half-asleep?" "Yes, I must agree brother," the other said fervently. "For his own health we really should wake him," it affirmed. Oh no, was all he was able to think, seconds later two elven bodies crashed against his. When the bodies made impact, his grip loosened on the pillow and blankets that he had been clutching like a lifeline and they were soon whisked from his groping hands. He made a valiant grab for both but they were pulled further away from his fingers, and he was left to stare owlishly at the two beaming elves on his bed. When he first looked it seemed to him that he was seeing double. But, after living with them for twenty plus years, he knew better. The two elves he saw were not because of fatigue or hallucinations, but actually were two separate beings. However, giving the early morning hour and his state of grogginess, it was impossible for him to tell just exactly who was who. "You have been sleeping for long enough brother," one said, who he was pretty sure was Elladan. "It is time to get up." "Yes," the other agreed, as he pulled back the covers from Estel's legs, "We can't possible allow you to continue in this unhealthy manner any longer." "I hate you both," Estel mumbled as he snatched his pillow back and crashed once more into his bed. Why couldn't the rain have just killed him? His brothers would have nothing of it. "Now, Estel," Elladan said, speaking to his brother like one would a small child. "You wound us deeply by saying such things," he said as he tried to pry the pillow away from his youngest brother, while his twin held the floundering human. "Besides it is unhealthy for anyone to sleep as much as you do," he finished, smiling as his elvish strength prevailed and the human's hands relinquished the pillow. "Yes," an identical voice from behind Estel agreed, "We thought only hibernating animals slept as much as you do, and they only do it in the winter." Estel squirmed away and then fell facedown on to his mattress. "Animals do it at other times too," Estel mumbled, though because he was indeed face down the only thing they heard was 'do it.' The twins looked at one another and then snickered evilly as they heaved their brother up. "Yes, Estel," Elrohir sniggered, "Animals do, 'do it,' but why don't you take that subject up with Ada. He is must more qualified to talk about such things than we are." "I'm not exactly sure about that," a voice by the door said. Three sets of grey eyes rounded on a smiling Legolas, who had, until this time, managed to remain quiet. "I think you two know more about those kinds of things than any of us here." Both twins look at one another, black eyebrows raised. "Yes, well if we did we wouldn't tell you about it, now would we little prince?" Elladan scoffed nastily, while Legolas' eyes narrowed at the nickname. "Yes, wouldn't want to dirty your innocent ears," Elrohir agreed, "Mind you, I think it is you who should be talking. I distinctly remember an incident with a certain she-elf … oh, what was her name brother?" Elrohir asked his twin coyly. "Hmm," Elladan said, faking confusion that fooled nobody. "I not quite sure but I do believe the name Linnadhiel rings a bell," Elladan said with a smirk. Legolas glared at them; however, not even Estel in his sleepy state would have missed the faint tinge of red that appeared on the prince's cheeks and ears. "That was once," Legolas said, his fair face taking on the color of a rose, "You walked in on that once ." "Sure it was," the equal sounding voices snickered. Estel, seeing the opportunity, fell back against his covers. However, his attempt to fall asleep was thwarted by his brothers. "Don't think we've forgot about you," Elrohir said as he leaned over his human brother. "Yes, little hibernating animal, it's spring. You can't go to sleep now!" Elladan said in an annoying tone. "Yes," Elrohir agreed and then in a sing song voice added, "You must now frolic and play!" Both twins took an arm of their human brother and heaved him once more to a sitting position on the bed. "Argh," Estel moaned. "I concede, you win; I'm awake," he grumbled, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. "Excellent!" Elrohir said; he and Elladan jumped off their brother's bed. Estel followed them, though in much slower fashion. "You're just in time to help us with a little fun we have been planning," Elrohir added a beaming smile mangling his features. "Fun?" Estel questioned, as he looked at the clothing that had been laid out for him with a grimace. When the twins normally mentioned fun, it meaning differed greatly from the traditionally meaning. In fact it had two meanings, one: a humorous prank done to either a poor unsuspecting sap or one of two prestigious and rather easily offended advisors, or two: a humiliating ordeal done solely to cause one of previously mentioned persons to flee from Imladris and to the sea as fast as was technically possible. (The latter had been their father's definition.) Yes, Estel was very familiar with the twin's pranks, having been a number two on many previous occasions. But since the twins had mentioned their plan to him meant only one thing. "Who are we going after this time, Glorfindel or Erestor?" he asked wearily as he put on his leggings. "How kind of you to cut to the chase Estel," Elladan commended, "We were wondering when you'd ask about that." "After all," Elrohir added, "Would there be any other reason for us to wake you at precisely nine o' seven?" "Or really, would we even want to associate with our mere mortal brother, who has been gone for so long," Elladan said his grey eyes twinkling. "And?" Estel asked as he reached for his tunic, his voice slightly exasperated. "Well," Elrohir began, "We had planned this for a couple days previous, but because of recent developments we decided to wait." "Developments? You never wait on a prank. I remember when I was five, you were so full of arrow holes that you looked like Swiss cheese and Elladan could barely move because he had nearly been cleaved in half, yet you still managed to steal all of Glorfindel's robes, save a lurid neon pink one. Why did you wait this time?" Estel asked. The twins didn't answer him outright. "Such a fond memory," Elladan sighed, with a dreamily gleam in his eyes. Then he nudged his twin, "You remember? He was found by that she-elf he fancied." "Yes, couldn't look her in the face for weeks," Elrohir agreed. "Turn almost the color of the robes every time he saw her," Elladan finished, a wicked smile finding its way onto his face. "I hate to bring your reminiscing to a halt, but I still would like to know why you waited for this prank," Estel said folding his arms over his chest. Both twin's smiles melted from their faces, and when Elrohir turned back to Estel there was less mirth in his eyes. "Because we need an opportune moment and the feast tonight is perfect," Elrohir said, the look was gone from his face, but his eyes were still frosty. "You will enjoy this prank brother. It will make up for all of the boring lessons you had to deal with during you childhood years." "Who?" Estel asked wearily. The twins were right in one respect, lessons with Glorfindel and Erestor had been bad. "Erestor and Glorfindel," Elladan responded proudly. "Both?" Estel choked. He from one twin to the next, wondering if they'd taken a complete leave of their senses; only someone of that level of lunacy would go after the both twin's targets. Lord Glorfindel was the most feared warrior in all of the elvish realms. He was exceedingly tall and strong and ever since Estel had been little, he had looked up to the warrior who had chased away orcs, as well as the occasional nightmare. As for Erestor, though he wasn't tall, as the twins