Remember Kuramagal Glorfindel remembers a time long ago… Remember, I will still be here… The sound of a thousand hoarse voices crying out in agony…as their owners passed from this world. The sight of those whom he had know, those whom he sworn to protect and then those he loved; their bodies mutilated and destroyed laying in filth and blood…so much blood. The roar of battle echoing in his ears, the sound of his sword and shield, the sounds of a thousand swords and shield…and then, the silence that followed…and…the scent, the scent and sight of the dying and bleeding… Glorfindel looked over the edge of the balcony, his hair hung around his face, shadowing it from view. The rough winds caused a strand to break free from one of his warrior braids. It caressed his face lovingly before being blown away in the breeze and whipping out like a banner of gold. Glorfindel, however, paid it little heed. His mind was far too occupied at this moment. Visions, ones like he had only seen in his worst nightmares, were flitting through his mind at surreal speeds. They showed him images that any other person would take for being illusory dreams. But as horrifying and unreal as they were, Glorfindel knew that they were anything but dreams. In fact, he knew them as memories, memories of what had been the spiral which had led him to his own inevitable end. Though these memories plagued him daily, it was only on this day, the memorial of the fall of Gondolin, that they returned so vividly. As long as you hold me in your memory… His hands clenched the railing in a white knuckle grip as more visions and memories swam in and out of focus. Suddenly, Glorfindel could clearly see Gondolin on the horizon. Its white pristine beauty and its majestic size, the Tower of the King that loomed in the distance, proud and regal as the king was. He saw it in all of its glory and grandeur, and then he saw it burst into flames. Hungry fire licking its sides, as an animal might the freshly spilled blood of its prey. Glorfindel stared in horror as that night's memories, most of which he could only remember on this day, were dragged from the corners of his mind and replayed before his eyes. He saw the people, frantic and terrified as they ran the city; each and everyone trying to find a haven, a shelter, a sanctuary, anything to hide from the slaughter that they would never be able to run from. Glorfindel could see their terror as the orcs and much worse grew closer and closer to them. He could see the foul beings' ecstasy in the people's fright and his blood boiled in anger. He fought, oh how he had fought. But it hadn't been enough; it would have never been enough. As he was forced to retreat back with what remained of his people, he saw the terror in their faces. Hundreds of faces all that begged and pleaded with him for help, all of which he longed to help, but none he could. And then he saw her, the little girl who had presented him with a posy of flowers earlier that day. He remembered her well, for never before had he seen a child as beautiful as she had been. Her hair was dark and shiny like satin and her eyes wide blue and grey like a sky after a spring storm. He remembered how shy she had been, so timid to present her simple gift to the great warrior. Ecthelion had teased him about her shyness, saying he was far to fierce. Glorfindel looked now, as the same hand reached out, only this time it held no gift. Blood drenched fingers were reached towards him and the child's eyes now held pleading not admiration. Those eyes begged him for help, for salvation. Glorfindel wanted to run to her, to help her, to keep her safe. But he could only watched in horror as her small face was crushed underneath the foot of an orc. One that didn't even look down at the fragile beauty, the innocence, it had destroyed. Remember, when your dreams have ended… Glorfindel grasped blindly for the railing, his breath coming in short gasps and his eyes looking wildly about, as his mind tried to determine the real from the surreal. He had revisited it, Glorfindel knew it. He could practically smell the blood that had hung in the air that night and hear the screams… The screams of all those innocent lives; lives whose blood now rested on his hands, lives he had been responsible for. Time can be transcended … Glorfindel's mind wandered, against his will, to the first battle during the fall. It had been his men who had stood against the foes and bravely so. They all gleamed, strong and proud, in their armor and defended what they could of the city. They had rushed to protect the city, and under his order had made attempts to flank their enemy and cut through the ranks. Yet, they fell… in the end all of his men would fall. For the enemy had been of Mordor and had used the darkness to trick them. In the end, it had not been Glorfindel's troops who had flanked the enemy, but the enemy who had flanked them. Because of his folly, many of his men had perished. Glorfindel could remember the first who had fallen. Sellion, child, that had been his name, and indeed he had been a child. He had only just finished training; he wasn't ready to fight such a fight. But with few men, Glorfindel had had no choice. Glorfindel's hand gripped the railing tighter, if only …his mind whispered over and over again. If only he had stopped the young one, told him to turn and flee. But no, he had sent to his king for aid; he trusted aid would arrive soon. The young one would be fine to fight until aid arrived , he thought. A tear dripped down on his hand, but aid never did arrive… They were fighting hard, none had fallen yet under one of the blades, yet it was becoming only a matter of time. Glorfindel could feel his forces weakening, he could sense their fatigue. Then, he saw all of his fears confirmed. He saw the youngest of his troops make a mistake that he knew would be mortal. Sellion had thrust his swords mightily, thinking he would be able to take his opponent out with ease. It was a fool's mistake, any beginner would make, but in this battle of battles it had been fatal. Glorfindel remembered how time slowed as he watched the orc ready itself to strike down the young one. He watched as the orc plunged his sword through the young ones body. The scene moved slowly, as though it was moving through water. He saw the Sellion's eyes go wide as the orc's cruelly crafted blade plunged into his young and unmarred skin. And then Glorfindel remembered the silence that took over him, the cold, terrible truth. Sellion had been a child, young and carefree, and now he was dead. After that point more fell as they tried to defend the city, more of his men perished while giving their lives for this cause. And the aid, the aid he was dependant on, the aid he was sure would come was long over due and Glorfindel knew now that no aid would come. Just remember me… Glorfindel moved his men into retreat and backed further into the city. He remembered seeing those around him fall as they retreated; his numbers disappearing by the seconds. He recalled when one of his men had fallen close to him; he draped the injured solider over his shoulder and shouted to his men to continue their retreat. He looking down at his armor, which had recently been polished, only to find it drenched in the blood of his comrades, of his friends. He did not know for how long or far they retreated into the city, barely cling to one another for support. It wasn't until Glorfindel found himself nearing the Great Gate of Gondolin did he realize how far they had pulled back, how much of the precious city had been lost. And yet he knew now there was nothing he could do, he had precious few men still able to bear arms. And of those, many were only standing by their sheer will and stoutness of heart. Glorfindel looked up once more and turned his gaze to look at the city which was crumbling around him. He saw the army of darkness, the force which was swallowing whole his city and home and for the first time he realized something he would never voice. The city would fall; it would collapse into ruin and destruction. The city of his birth, childhood and life would be destroyed this night, and there was nothing he could do to stop it. I am the one star that keeps burning, so brightly… Glorfindel held back the tears of sorrow that threatened to spill down his face. He wouldn't allow his emotions to show, his gaze flickered towards the elf that he was supporting with his shield arm. There was no life in his face, no rise or fall of his chest. Glorfindel turned his head away. Another death, so many have died… "Glorfindel!" a voice shouted his name, calling to him. Glorfindel turned his head to see Tuor there, his dark hair blowing in an unknown wind, his armor covered in blood that wasn't his own. "To the Square of the King!" he bellowed and then disappeared once more into the mass of warriors. Glorfindel followed the orders given to him and with his remaining men, entered the last stronghold. As soon he entered he saw the remnants of the House of the Fountain's army, they were already badly beaten. The last defense, his mind murmured. Ecthelion's forces had been the last of our defenses… Upon remembering his friend, Glorfindel looked for him, hoping to find his friend among the soldiers still able to bear arms. When he didn't, he looked to the wounded, but not finding him there either, he cursed the fate that had befallen his friend. It is the last light, to fade into the rising sun… He was still mourning when Tuor found him once more, "Glorfindel, how do you fare?" he asked. The man's grey eyes bored deep into Glorfindel's own blue and he looked away only to examine the blood that coated his armor. "I am well, but Ecthelion…Did he fall here?" Glorfindel asked softly, his voice breaking in his sorrow. "Nay!" Tuor exclaimed, "He has not fallen, though…" Tuor trailed off and looked towards something behind Glorfindel. The previously mentioned elf turned as saw the fountain, and at its base saw a lone figure leaning over against its base, hunched over itself. It only took Glorfindel two strides to reach the fountain; however once he had he wished he had taken his time. Ecthelion was badly wounded; so much so that Glorfindel realized the other elf, should they survive this battle, would never fully recover. Ecthelion's shield arm was badly mangled and rested limply in his lap. It was marred by terrible slashes that looked to have been cauterized. The whip of a balrog, Glorfindel's mind prompted, the heat would have melted the skin. Glorfindel shuttered at the thought, and then dropped to his friend's side. Ecthelion's breath was coming in short, weak gasps and to Glorfindel it seemed as each previous breath would be his last. I'm with you… "Ecthelion," he whispered, not trusting his voice to be any louder. As response to his name, Ecthelion's eyes fluttered open and he stared dully into the blue orbs of his longtime friend. Ecthelion smiled