Disclaimer: Don't own 'nything except for my drug-induced one liners. i've been waiting (HEY!), think i wanna make a move: Dark!Sarcastic!STRAIGHT!Percy, BotL divergence. Features normal and snarky teenagers who "don't talk like it's a Renaissance fair here either," quoting some guy on this site who I forgot. Bless his soul, whoever he is. Anyways, character-driven with a lot of action (I'm trying my hand at action scenes – I know some martial arts and stuff, so I know how a lot of physical fights flow), and skating the fine line between crack and serious. Honestly, it goes back and forth depending on how sober I am. Sorry if you don't understand the American slang. Anyways, enjoy my subpar writing. =) Dawn - Prologue: Part I of II - " War does not determine who is right – only who is left." — Bertrand Russell " The fall of the Fifth Age was undoubtedly the biggest revolution in the history of man, and will continue to remain so possibly until the end of time. For mortals: an event analogous to this would have been a house fly overthrowing the former British Empire. Mortals and immortals alike broke free from the bounds of oppression – the tyranny of our own deities, our supposed creators. A council of paranoid, corrupted, and prideful bigots that couldn't even keep their own family held together, much less the entire world. This fact will lead us to segue into the main idea of this text: people are simply people, gods are simply gods. But, heroes on the other hand – what is a hero, but a God ? Do you understand? —Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Liberator of the Former Twelfth Legion, in Introduction to Hyper-Contemporary Philosophy: Mortals & Immortals, Gods and gods. They were ten minutes behind schedule. I was annoyed. Who's they, Percy? Well, I can't really say, despite the fact that most of the time it's glaringly obvious. Names have power – the very first rule taught to us as demigods was to never, ever speak an immortal's name without absolute and utter reverence. And the reason why is because there's always somebody listening. The names of such powerful beings have significance, they have meaning – they're the manifestation of one's identity. Intoning such power only can – and only will – attract unwanted attention to you. We couldn't afford said attention drawn to us for obvious reasons. Therefore, we would always refer to an immortal figure by a pronoun, by a title, by a nickname – never their name. He, she, fucker, they, them… it was a relatively confusing for a bit, but we all got used to it. It was a bit odd if you thought about it enough: the fact that gods were really only listening if you discussed them. Such petulance – kind of like those preteen girls back at Goode High. Anyways, keeping that in mind… They were ten minutes late. I was still annoyed. "Look for a green flash when the sun goes over the horizon. It'll be quick and if you blink, you'll miss it," Katie Gardner told me as she took a hit from the joint, completely unconcerned that nothing was going to plan. She pointed at the setting sun with her free hand. Slowly, I sat up from my supine position on the grass, breathing in the rather unique scent of marijuana. I took in the sight of the sun setting over the ocean… except it was the Atlantic Ocean. That wouldn't be a problem for, say Europeans or something, except that I was on the freaking East Coast of the United States. The mortals must be having a field day looking at this… fucking Apollo. "Drunk off his ass again," I muttered, indicating the sun. "How hard can travelling from east to west be? He already always uses the autopilot." "Autopilot," Katie repeated incredulously, understanding my use of "he." "Autopilot," I confirmed. "He even has some device thingy to prevent him from going any direction but west. Wonder how that thing stopped working – last time it broke there was a week-long eclipse." Katie let out a very un-ladylike snort. "It takes a pretty significant level of retard to fuck up on the level he just did." "Yeah, and here I was thinking I was the dumb one." I grinned. Katie blew white smoke in my face in reply, and then offered the jay to me. I looked at her questioningly. "Uhh, you sure? Don't really think now's a good time—" "Good a time as any," she interrupted with a carefree smile, offering to me again. "You need it anyways, you're really strung up right now. If you ask me why they're late one more fucking time I'm going to punch you." Eleven minutes late… Eh, to Hades with it, why not? I grabbed it and took a deep drag. I held the smoke in my mouth, tasting the exotic flavor. "Three, two, one," Katie counted down and right on cue, I began to cough up a lung. "Gods." She laughed. "You think you'd stop coughing like a fucking amateur every time after a couple months." "Fucking A," I gasped out. Fucking embarassing… My throat burned like Hades. "I'll never get used to that shit." "Stop taking such big hits if you can't handle it, genius," Katie sardonically replied, reaching out with her hand and stealing the joint back. She then frowned and glared at me. "Asshole," she muttered as it began to fall apart in her hand, "you've got a talent there if you can somehow get enough of your spit on a joint in one hit to break the damn thing." "That's like the fifth time you've done that," she continued, working herself up to pissed off. "You don't smoke with a fucking kissy face. Gods, it's like your only job in life is to spit on the jay until it falls apart." Jeez, talk about an angry high… "My bad," I apologized lamely, slightly stung by the sharp vitriol. I watched as she apparently decided that my damage was irreversible and extinguished the joint. She then tossed it onto the ground and grinded over it with her shoe. When she lifted her foot off the remnants of the joint, a tiny flower could be seen sprouting in the grass. Demeter's daughter, ahah… "That's feckin' trippy ," I said eloquently, starting to feel the effects of the drug. I blinked twice rapidly and made to stand up but Katie grabbed my arm, stopping me halfway. "Anyways, as I was saying," she continued, "the green flash is a symbol to demigods – one for conquering evil. The green is an embodiment of evil—" "Because evil is totally always green," I interrupted. "Fucking racists." Yup, definitely feelin' it now, woooo… Yeah, so I'm one-hit wonder. Sue me. " Listen , Percy." Katie sighed through a grin that was threatening to break on her face. She wrenched my arm, pulling me down back to the ground in a heap. "The ray of green 'evil' flashes and then begins to expand," she continued, "but then it gets contained and crushed . Apparently by the setting sun and rising moon – forces of the gods." I pondered that for a second with my drug-addled mind. Unlike Katie, who suddenly became philosophical and all wow-what's-the-secret-of-the-universe? whenever she was high, my brain usually just shut off. I was more inclined to stare at a wall and do nothing for two hours. This, of course led me to my eloquent response: "That's pretty fucking dumb." "Pretty much," she agreed. "Literally it's just a demigod justification of an already-explained scientific phenomenon." Also implying that Apollo and Artemis could ever work together… I wasn't really smart enough to come up with an intelligent response to that, so I just nodded. "So why bring it up if you think it's stupid?" I asked. "Hard to crush evil when the moon and sun are always on different sides of the planet," Katie said sagely. Or highly – same difference. "Last time I checked, two objects can only crush something if they come together. Only time where this story could be true is when, well," she indicated the sun again, " he does stupid shit like this and sets the sun on the East." I snorted. "Wonder who actually believes this crock of shit." "I heard it all the time back when I was at camp," said Katie. "Guessing a lot of people do. Heh, you'd think the Cabin Six" – Athena – "kids would know better, being intelligent and all." "WeirdI've never heard it at camp before." "Too busy questing, I guess," she surmised. "Can't believe anything unless it's properly cited, nowadays…" Katie glanced at me from her sitting position and shook her head slightly when she realized I wasn't about to offer any more than that. I glanced down at the scythe bracelet on my wrist, twisting it in my fingers. I was getting really worried now. Fifteen minutes late… maybe the charm is broken? Gods, some fucking good that weed did… "So annoying," she finally snapped, grabbing my hand to prevent me from further fiddling with the trinket. "You're being more uptight than Reyna, and you're high as a fucking kite. Just wait like a normal person." Who in Hades is Reyna…? "Can't help it – it's the ADHD," I tried to explain, storing the Reyna slip-up in my mind. Not like she'd tell me if I asked, anyways… "I need more weed for the nerves, obviously." "Yeah, your attention deficit half-wit disorder, maybe. If you didn't break the joint," she grumbled. She released my hand. Wow, tight grip – I reflexively curled my fingers to get some feeling back in my hand. "You owe me ten dollars for that, by the way." "Wait, what ?" I asked, utterly disbelieving. "Yup. There was probably a gram in that joint you just ruined, an eighth is about three and a half grams and it's about forty dollars an eighth in New York, " she thought about it, doing the math, "yeah, about ten." "You're mad about a gram when you can use your voodoo green thumb and grow an entire pound in a day, and you're mad about a gram." "Hey, you're the guy who said not to mess with a stoner's weed. And it's the principle of the thing. You already got the dickhead discount anyways, stop complaining." My lips twitched with amusement. "Ass." Katie didn't reply. I left her to her thoughts, leaning back and enjoying my drug-induced euphoria. Could use some music, though… We sat in a comfortable silence for a few moments before the charm suddenly heated up. I sat up – they were ready. "Don't even fucking say—" "Fucking finally ," I all but shouted, annoyed all over again. Katie punched me. Footsteps approached us. Katie and I stood up and brushed the grass off our clothes; I nodded warily to the newcomer, who was already clad in full Greek battle armor. He didn't look very thrilled. "You've been wearing that all day?" Katie greeted him. "It's the middle of August." Ethan Nakamura gave her a simple nod. He sniffed the air, frowned, looked into our eyes, and if even possible frowned even deeper. Heh, I guess the odor was rather distinct… "I'm a swimmer," I explained, seeing the unasked question form on his lips. "I spend all day in the pool, that's why my eyes are so red." "Nice save," Ethan muttered. He tossed each of us a small bottle filled with amber liquid. "Drink it." I brought it up to my face to scrutinize. "This better be alcohol of some sort," I stated, twisting it slowly in the soft light. "Whiskey? Beer?" "No." "Oh. I'm good then. Thanks, though." I was funny, I swear. Katie rolled her eyes at our exchange. "What is it?" "Sobriety potion," said Ethan. "The master thought you might need it – as you