Daylight – Run Kid Run Give your love away No matter what tomorrow brings I'll be waiting in the daylight Hair whips against my face as I turn and look behind me. They're coming. I look back to the blurring city ruins, pushing my legs to move me faster. Sharp pieces of broken concrete cut into my feet through my thin shoes, slicing at the animal hid. Broken piping scrapes along my calves, as the bloodied grass leaves streaks against my legs. My lungs burn against my rib cage, doting my vision with tiny bursts of colour. My legs feel heavy, weighting my down with each pound of my feet. My head swims, cotton presses against my ears. Move, move faster. The sharp hiss of an arrow slices my echoing footsteps as it beds itself in the skin of my thigh. Pain blindsides me, crippling my stride and causing me to stumble. Blood burns my skin, soaking the back of my leg. I make my legs keep moving, ignoring the urge to pull the metal from my skin. I feel the arrowhead scarp the bone, pulling pained yelps from my chapped lips. Each step burns, the fire eating away at my flesh as the arrow moves with my legs, slowly ripping more of my skin. Harsh laughter echoes through the ruins, piercing my eardrums, pounding against my skin. The unsteady thump of my stumbling steps thunders against the crumbling buildings, bouncing back against the rusted iron frames. The cities skeletons cast shadows along the cracked street, patterning the road in mangled shapes. Rusted lamp posts lay across the road their bases rusted and eaten away. The wires, long since tarnished, glint through their thin plastic covers, reaching towards the sky like broken fingers. The heads lay against the asphalt, their faces nothing but shattered glass, their bodies intercepting each other like teeth. Rusty metal bones tower over me, their bricked skin long since withered away leaving nothing but the bare insides of the buildings people once came to ogle. Massive slabs of stone and pavement that were torn up and thrown lay in piles; the sickly yellow grass that has broken through the blacktop in the streets grows wildly among the broken stone. I bunch my legs and leap over the first stone heap, stumbling as my feet make contact on the other side. My thigh burns as the arrowhead buries further into my skin. It bobs at the impact slicing my flesh. Wind screams through the buildings, making the bodies of the ancient metal squeal as they sway. The sun reflects against the glass, the rays glinting against the pane and casting burst of bright light against the dying city. Screams erupt, scraping the silence like glass on skin. Their pleas dig themselves inside my brain, burrowing deep in my mind. Then the gun shot rings, the blast bursting through the still air and capturing the victims' last words in nothing but a gurgled mess. Panic fills my lungs like water, choking me from the inside and drowning me in fear. My legs give out from underneath me, sending me flying against the concrete. Stone imbed themselves in my skin, ripping at my flesh as I skid. Pain blooms under my eyes as blood drips from my nose and along my teeth, making me spit against the metallic tang that runs along my tongue. Heat flares against my raw skin, slowing engulfing my body in a crippling pain. The stones that found home in my flesh scrape against the asphalt as I push up to my knees and lean around to grab the arrow. I hold my breath against the pain, feeling the blade as it tugs on muscle before slowly slipping from my skin. I grasp for air as I throw the arrow to the side, the head scraping along the stone as it skids away. My palms burn, the skin hanging away from where it was torn from my palms, I wince as I brush them against the roughness of my pants. I press my hands against the ground and force myself to stand. My hands shake as I untie the piece of leather from around my waist and retie it around my upper thigh. The heat from the sun burns against my skull, crisping my skin, and blistering my eyes as I turn and look around me. I blink past the tears that rapidly fill my sockets, my body's way of desperately trying to cool them and try to focus on my surrounding and not the pain that is my body. The sound of heavy clad feet rumble close by and my heart misses a beat, painfully throbbing in my chest. I force myself to limp across the street and over a rusted street sign away from the middle of the street. The doors to an old movie theatre stand open, the once polished woods hangs rotting on rusted hinges, the handles hanging by old screws and singing gently back and forth, their desperate squeal grating against my ears . The sign above the entrance is cloaked in a thick layer of black grime, the once light up sign gapes with holes and broken plastic letters that once told the Coming Soons' . Black ash lays the ticket booth, the lush colours faded from time and weather, the glass barrier smashed, along with all the poster display cases, that now house nothing but rotting paper. Gunshots rain through the air, the metallic echo of the bullets as they embed themselves in the iron bones that tower around us. I push my feet against the ground and throw myself into the darkness of the theatre. Glass digs into my legs through my pants, sending shocks of stinging pain through my body as I drag myself farther away from the light and further into the darkness. The carpet is thick with moisture and mould, the fabric squishes under the weight of my body, leaking like a wound and soaking my pants. Bodies lay strew throughout the lobby, their corpses bloated like balloons filled with water. Sunken eyes stare back into mind, their eye colour white-d out, just like mine. Mouth hang in silent screams, their tongues filling their mouths completely. I gag on the smell, their death hanging heavily in the air, a blanket coating my lungs. Feet pound on the ground, their boots crushing the glass, grinding it to dust. "Where the fuck did she go?" one of my hunter snarls to another. "Shut the fuck up, I'm trying to listen" growls another. Silence engulfs us all, freezing my movements. I feel the tiny claws dig into my pants as something crawls over my leg its tail swishing against my arm, the boney length wrapping around my skin. I bite my lip against the scream that builds in my throat as its teeth begin to bite at my pants, pulling at the strands of the tough fabric. I feel it's teeth as it digs into skin, jolting me at the shock of pain. I feel my foot hit something hard and send it flying across the lobby, crashing to the floor with a metallic ring. I bite my scream into my arm as I smack at the creature on my lap hearing it squeal as it lands away from me with a sickening thump. "Did you hear that?" hisses someone, their voices moving closer. The hard thump of steel toed boots hitting pieces of concrete moves closer to the theatre doors and I pull myself father in – ignoring the pain in my thigh – until I hit something hard, the concession stand. Keeping the door in my sight I run my fingers along the floor, my hands sliding over broken glass. Shadowed silhouettes of two figures loom in the doorway. "Dude, if you think I am going in there again, you're out of your fucking mind" says someone. "I heard something" says the other. "Then you go in there" says the first guy. "Get Edward, he has a working flash light" says the second guy. The second figure turns on his heels and runs in the other direction, his boots pounding against the stone. "I know you are in there" he sings. "Don't worry sweets; we are going to take good care of you." I skim my fingers of the shards of glass, my fingers tracing the jagged edges. "Why don't you just come out here, and we'll make sure we take extra care with you" his body hangs just out in the little, the gun hangs loosely in his grip, the barrel pointed down. "Not 'fraid of the dark are you?" I taunt as my finger curl around the wider end of the glass shard. His jaw pulses, as his teeth grind together. His boot crunches against the glass as he steps forward. "It's not me who should be afraid, Darkie" he mocks, his boots standing at the threshold. "And yet, you're the one shaking" I say, my legs quivering as I push myself up using the concession stand as leverage. "Dark won't stop a bullet." "You'll need to see me to shot me, or do you need a flash light for that?" I mock as I slide along the counter away from the door. "I can see without light, Darkie" he sneers. "Not as well as I can" I whisper as I sink back into pure blackness. The man steps in the darkness flooding his body and blacking his out from the world. I watch as his pupils dilate, trying to take in as much light as they can as he walks blinding through the theatre lobby. His hands aren't outstretched but he stumbles every other step, his movements slow, unsure. I step around a decomposing body and walk slowly towards him, stalking him, as he did me, not even minutes before. The shard of glass in my hand is cuts into my palm as I clench my hand in anger as I watch one of my captures fail helplessly in the dark. Not so much fun is it. I walk up to him until I am almost right beside him. He foot nudges a corpses head and it squishes against his foot. He gulps and turns to look at the light in the doorway that's nothing but a square of light from the theatre hallway that he managed to manoeuvre. He's breathing unevenly, his chest raising and falling as he gulps for air. His tongue runs over his dry lips as he whips his head back and forth. "Tsk tsk," I say clucking my tongue at him. He jerks his head to one side. "Didn't your mother tell you to never go out in the dark?" I ask sweetly, my mouth close to his ear. He turns around quickly, his eyes wide as he squeezes the trigger of his pistol, the bullet sparks as it leaves the barrel, momentarily lighting us up. I feel the heat of the bullet wiz past my cheek and the burst of white light burns my eyes. I hiss, my eyes watering. I twist the glass in my hand, curling my fingers around the wide end and stabbing the shard into his hand making him drop the gun. It clatters to the ground, the carpet muffling the sound and I kick it away. "I hate guns" I breathe at him and twist the glass, making him cry out and swipe at me. I duck and withdraw the glass quickly, readjusting my grip, I plunge it into the side of his neck, the point nicking tendons and his wind pipe as it sinks deeper into his flesh. I watch as his eyes go wide, the whites shining in the darkness. His mouth opens, a river of blood pouring over his white lips, he sputters, the blood spraying and hitting my face. I twist the glass, the blood spurts as I cut the artery. It gushes over my hand and