A/N: Got this idea from the livejournal community "365 prompts." Basically, you use a different prompt for each day of the year. Since 365 chapters would be rather long (I can just imagine what my Documents page would look like, can't you?) I thought I'd do it by month. Twelve chapters is much simpler. ;-) It's become something of a sequel to my story The Experiment. It wasn't going to be when I started out, but became that way pretty quickly. Hmm. I'm not sure if you really need to read The Experiment to get this, but it would probably help. Side note: the name beside the date denotes whose point of view it's in. It might alternate, depending on who I think would work better. Disclaimer: I don't Twilight, characters, etc. I don't even own the prompts. PLEASE DON'T SUE ME! January January 1- Claire Prompt: 060. Hot "Are you sure you have to go?" I asked Quil, following him to the door. It was two in the morning. A new year. It was a big one for us—it was the first New Year's we'd spent together as a couple —how weird—and wonderful—was that? We'd only made it official two months before. And it was the first New Year's since I'd found out his secret. And now he was leaving. Quil laughed. "I told you, Sam wants us to run patrols tonight." He winked at me. "You're lucky Emily threw a fit about it, or I wouldn't have been able to be here at all." I couldn't help smiling at that. The image of my Aunt Emily, calm, levelheaded Aunt Emily, throwing a fit was just too comical. Then I was scowling at him again. "But it's so cold outside." I peered out the window at the snow coming down. Suddenly, a hot band encircled my waist, and in a flash I was pressed up against his chest. It was like hopping into an oven. "Hmm," he acknowledged, pressing his face into my hair. "That might be a problem if I wasn't so hot." I punched him in the side playfully as he let me go—lightly, of course. Really hitting him would hurt me more than him. "Fine. Go then. I'll just sit here. Alone. With no one." I sighed dramatically. Quil rolled his eyes. "Bye, Claire." He leaned down to kiss me quickly. "Love you." I grinned. "Love you, too." January 2- Quil Prompt: 198. Delicate She was delicate. Horribly delicate. Frighteningly delicate. I watched her move around the kitchen. When I'd come home that afternoon, she had shoved a mixing bowl and a spoon into my hands and informed me that we were going to make brownies. There were dark circles under her pretty eyes, telling me things that she didn't want to. She looked so fragile at times like this—like the smallest thing would break her into a million pieces. I knew better than to ask. I had at the beginning—after everything with Matt, I didn't want to have the risk of not knowing about something again—but talking about it didn't seem to help at all. If anything, it seemed to make things worse. So I did what I was supposed to as her friend. I helped bake brownies when she needed to keep herself busy. I helped eat them, too. January 3- Claire Prompt: 156. Mail I kicked the front door closed behind me. "Bills. Junk. Junk. Bills. Letter from Audrey. You might already be a winner! Coupon… Oh." I stared at the envelope in my hand. I weighed it, bouncing my hand up and down, trying to decide if it was really what I thought it was, or if they just felt like toying with me. Finally, unable to stand it any longer, I tore open the envelope. "Dear Claire," I read aloud—Quil wasn't home to hear me anyway—"We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted…" At this point I stopped reading and just started screaming and jumping around the kitchen. Which is how Embry found me a few minutes later. "You know I can hear you all the way outside? What is with you?" I practically through the letter at him. He caught it easily and scanned the letter. "You got into University of Washington?" At my nod, Embry started yelling and jumping around the kitchen along with me. Inevitably, that was how Quil eventually found us. Though, when he saw my acceptance letter, he just locked me in a hug, and muttered into my hair about how proud of me he was. I think he wanted to say—and do—more, but it wouldn't really have worked with Embry there. It wasn't until later that it occurred to me just how far away Seattle was. A/N: It feels like it's been forever since I got my acceptance letters to university… A whole two years. ;-) I'm such an old fogie, I know. January 4- Claire Prompt: 206. Police As though I weren't already late enough. Quil and I had a date. He was taking me out to dinner in Port Angeles to celebrate my acceptance. Well, that's what it was now, anyway. We'd decided to go to dinner earlier in the week, as a last treat before school started again. But I was running late. That's what I got for stopping at the store. Apparently I hadn't learned my lesson. Though, at least this time the worst that had happened was I'd gotten stuck waiting for a freight train to pass. Of course, because it's never the small commuter trains when you need to get home quick. And now this. I rolled down my window—easier said than done, thanks to how cold it was—and pasted on what I hoped was my most charming smile. "Chief Swan," I greeted. "Claire." He was trying his best to look and sound disapproving, but you could tell he was more amused than anything. God, I was lucky he liked me. "Do you have any idea how fast you were going?" "Forty-five?" I guessed innocently, knowing full well that was what the speed limit on this road was, and also knowing exactly what speed I'd really been going. "Try sixty-five." Charlie pinched the bridge of his nose. "I really am going to have to give you a ticket this time." I gave him my most pitiful look. "Are you sure you can't just let me off with a warning, just this once? I'll be more careful about my speed." I held up three fingers. "Girl scout's honor." I was only a girl scout for less than a year because my mother had insisted on it. Besides, I'd managed to con Quil into doing most of the cookie selling for me. Not that it would have been that hard with so many ever-hungry werewolves running around—half of whom I was related to, anyway, and therefore under some unspoken obligation to buy stuff from me. Anyway, those… five months… had to count for something. He eyed me dubiously. "Claire, I've let you off with a warning the last three times." Oh, yeah. By the time he'd written me my ticket, asked me to say hello to Jake when I saw him, and finally drove off, I was half an hour late. To make matters worse, I'd left my cell phone at home, so I couldn't even call Quil so that he wouldn't worry. I groaned. It was a good thing he loved me so much. Anyone else would've killed me. January 5- Claire Prompt: 129. Bus I couldn't remember the last time I rode the bus. Usually I borrowed Quil's truck, or else he gave me a ride. But after yesterday's debacle, there was no way I was going to get to use it. And that morning Jacob had enlisted Quil's help—well, mostly Quil's truck—to move some old furniture of Billy's. And so, I was stuck, standing at the bus stop, feeling like a five year old again. It was my own fault, too, for transferring to Forks High. Who transfers their senior year, anyway? But after last year—I shuddered just thinking about it—the last thing I wanted to do was go back to the school in La Push. Too many memories. I had enough of those to deal with in my nightmares, anyway. To top it all off, it was still freezing cold outside. So I got to stand there on the corner, buried under my heaviest jacket and scarf and gloves and hat, and still freeze my butt off. Great. And my only company was Caitlin, a shy freshman who never talked to anyone anyway. I glanced at my watch. Of course, the stupid thing's late anyway. Just my luck. I don't know how long we were out there for. It felt like an eternity, with the icy wind blowing in my face. After some heinous amount of time—I was almost afraid to check—a car stopped in front of us and one of the guys in it rolled down his window. "What are you still doing out here? Didn't you hear? School's been cancelled." Of course. January 6- Quil Prompt: 160. Hips It was always nearly impossible for me not to look at her. Really, it was almost disgusting how much I needed to. It wasn't so bad when she was looking back at me. At least then it was a mutual thing. But half the time she didn't even notice. She'd be doing something completely mundane and boring, and yet I wouldn't be able to stop watching her. Like now. She was just picking up her room. That's it. Nothing too special. Except that, at the same time, she was humming to herself, and swaying along to whatever tune was in her head. And, God help me, I couldn't take my eyes off of her gently swaying hips. Claire turned mid-hum and finally noticed me standing in the doorway. "Quil? You okay?" I could just imagine what my face must have looked like right then. "Fine," I managed. I had to get out of there. A few more seconds of this and I'd have her flat on her back. "I think I need to go for a run." She just blinked at me. "Okay…" I was out the door about twenty seconds later. January 7- Claire Prompt: 016. Vacation Thursdays. Thursdays were the bane of my existence. I loved Billy. I really did. He was like a grandfather to me. Which is why, when Jacob asked me a few months earlier if I could help Billy out—you know, run errands for him, do stuff for him that he couldn't really, being in a wheelchair—I said sure. Why not? Jake couldn't do as much of it anymore, since he'd moved out on his own. And I could understand why he had moved out—they both wanted the independence. That was all fine and good, in theory. In theory, it worked out great. That, and Billy insisted on paying me a little, which was an added bonus. Every Thursday afternoon when I got home from school, I'd borrow Quil's truck—the ban on that had to be lifted for some things—and head over to the Black's. Billy would tell me things he needed me to do for him, and I'd do them. Simple, easy. And best of all, the reason I'd really started doing this, it kept my mind off of other things. I needed that less and less as time went on, but there were still days when it was lovely. It would all be perfect. If it didn't actually involve Billy. "You're doing it wrong," he informed me. I huffed out an exasperated sigh. I'd thought I was in the clear when I'd come over and Billy had merely handed me a grocery list. He hadn't even insisted on coming along this time. But no. An easy Thursday was too much to hope for. After putting away the groceries, Billy had innocently asked me if I could