Note: I initially posted this here a few weeks ago, but ultimately decided to take it down for a time so I could make a few more corrections. So here it is again. This is my first serious attempt at writing a fanfic in quite a few years, so I'm hoping this goes well. I'm not sure what inspired me to write this, but all I know is that once I started, I couldn't stop. If reception seems to be positive, I would love to continue with this concept. I have tons of little ideas floating around in my head. I plan to have the story jump around through different times in Lavinia's life, but eventually all the threads will weave together to create one full story. For example, in this chapter there are references to events that you (as the reader) have not yet witnessed, but they will most likely be revisited at a different time. Also, I'd like to give a big thank you to the friends who read and edited this for me. That's all I have to say, so read on and I hope you enjoy. "Keep going!" she screamed, her voice uncharacteristically shrill and grating. The vibrations caused by her desperate utterance only served to further agitate the burning sensation that was building in her throat. Her chest felt tight and every labored gasp of air she sucked in hit her deep inside; a sharp blade burying itself in her again and again. Twigs and dead leaves—dull and muted in color—were scattered all across the woods floor. She could hear them snap and crunch underfoot as the two of them thundered through the woods. The crackling sound that was created mingled with the pounding of their footsteps to create an eerie rhythm, and the frantic beating of her heart kept in time. It seemed as though nature was playing them what very well could be their final song. Thankfully, stealth hadn't been their priority for quite some time now. Survival, the very basest of all animal instincts, was their chief concern. When she took the time to think about it, she actually welcomed all the commotion; the noise that was borne from the chaos was almost comforting, even if the natural denizens of the woods didn't agree. She could hear thudding as deer, moose, and other four-legged animals took flight at their indelicate approach; the fluttering of wings as birds sought refuge in higher trees was also audible -their long warbling notes blending with the rest of the noise and adding another element to the primal rhythm that was swelling up around them. It all served as an irrefutable reminder that they were still alive, that they still had a chance to make it to the end. Yes, the tumult soothed her; it was silence she dreaded above all else. This small comfort was all she had left, apart from the pure adrenaline that urged her onward. The hope that they still had a chance at freedom was all that kept the low, smoldering fire in her heart burning on. If she had no dreams to cling to, the two of them would have been dead by now. Her body had already been pushed beyond its limits. Neither of them ever had any cause to run like this until recently. True activity was almost entirely avoidable in the Capitol, if you chose to live that way (as most did.) Every fiber of her being was screaming at her to stop, even for a moment. No amount of preparation they could have done back home would have been enough to prepare them for this level of exertion. The searing, throbbing ache in her limbs was a testament to that. But she couldn't give in to the temptation, she wouldn't. Because whenever she felt the grip of his hand falter, she was reminded of what was at stake. She was reminded of what they were fighting for. Lavinia responded by squeezing the hand within hers tighter, and by chanting reassuring phrases when she could manage it, in the spaces of time between the noise of the woods, and the wheezy, rasping intakes of breath that emanated from both of them. "Lavinia—I… can't ," she heard him say, as he gasped and panted behind her. This was not the first time she heard him say such things. His weakened will was frustrating to her at times, and she had to swallow the recurring impulse to snap at him as her agitation grew. Once again, she had to remind herself how well he was doing, considering the present circumstances. He had sustained a rather troublesome ankle injury a few miles back, and to make matters worse, he even managed to slice part of his leg open after landing awkwardly on a jagged stone on his way down to the hard packed earth. He had been leading them at the time, and had been so preoccupied with frequently checking up on her condition, that he neglected to watch where he was going. His shoe snagged on a pesky root that had snaked its way across the path, and down they went. They had to endure a setback as she assessed and treated his injuries as best she could. There was just enough time for her to apply a rather pitiful excuse for a tourniquet to stanch the blood, and they had to be off again. They had to abandon a majority of their previsions, including their first aid supplies, when they were forced to flee in a panic a few nights ago. So, she had to make do with what meager resources they had at hand. She shredded a large piece of fabric off her already frayed and damaged outerwear. Lavinia wasn't even sure if the shabby attire that they wore could even rightly be called clothing anymore. Down on her hands and knees, she scavenged frantically through the brush and detritus for a few moments before she found a stick she deemed appropriate. Lavinia used it to top off the whole affair, and then they had to move on again. It was that lamentable series of events which forced her to take the lead, while he hobbled along behind her. "I really… can't…." she heard him protest again. " Please, don't talk like that !" She was breathless, and each word she spoke required an arduous amount of effort. But it was worth it if her words and attention kept his spirits up. Truthfully, she was worried out of her mind; but it wouldn't benefit him or his morale to show it. Beyond the pain the ankle injury was surely causing him, she was concerned that her inept healing attempt would be his undoing. That gash of his had looked deep, even to her untrained eyes. She knew there was risk of an infection, and all of their hurried movement couldn't be good for the makeshift tourniquet. Inwardly, she was screaming at herself to stop and check on him. After all, what would their journey be worth if he died by some chance happening on the way? But still she couldn't do it. They couldn't afford another setback. Slowing down was a guaranteed death sentence at this juncture. Lavinia just had to hold on to her ever draining reserve of hope, and pray that he could hold out just a little longer. They had to be coming up on it soon, they just had to be. The very state of their future depended on it. As they continued barreling through the woods, Lavinia found herself having to confront yet another obstacle. The pair had come upon a spot that was thick with low hanging branches. The boughs encroached upon their path and whipped at them mercilessly as they passed. They sliced at her exposed skin, leaving thin cuts that dripped with beads of blood. It seemed as though they were complicit with their pursuers; as though the trees themselves sought to thwart them. Lavinia could hear him groaning behind her as nature clawed at his face. Lavinia quickly raised her free arm and angled it so that she took the brunt of the abuse. He had suffered enough today; she was glad to lesson his burdens in any way she could manage. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see new cuts appearing all over her outstretched limb. The bark of the branches raked like claws across her and weaved scarlet patterns all across her skin. Not for the first time, Lavinia heartily wished that she still had sleeves. Of course, with her luck, they would've raised the likelihood of her clothing getting caught on something. Her skin wasn't the only part of her that had suffered damage along the way. Her clothes were in tatters; from her face down various parts of her were caked with mud and blood; her whole body was moist with sweat; and her hair resembled some sort of bird's nest. Though it felt like a lifetime away from the present, it wasn't very long ago when her thick, silky locks were the envy of many women in the Capitol. It once blazed like fire in the right light, and she used to relish the moments when people would shower her with compliments. Now all of that business seemed very dull and insipid to her. Stories in the pages of some book that centered on someone else's life. A life that, up until a certain defining moment, had been just about as bland and meaningless as all of that conversation. Abruptly, she was assaulted by unwanted, inopportune flashes of memories. Past and present weaved together. Knotted hair riddled with dead and fresh leaves— dark red hair, smoother and softer than satin, flowed down past her shoulders. Skin painted with a variety of garish colors. Face coyly shielded by a mask she held in a hand that hovered in front of her. She could hear his labored breathing; it seemed to be getting worse as time progressed— a handsome face with icy blue eyes, shared breathless laughter. Lavinia felt cool water spray across her legs as they tread through a puddle left by a recent rainstorm— they both leaned over the polished marble balcony, the material was frigid to the touch, and she could feel a chill seeping through the thin material of her dress. A ray of light suddenly pierced through the vibrant green canopy above, and she gasped, trying to squint through the golden beams that now obscured her vision— a crystal glass held aloft in her slim hand, filled to brim with some mysterious amber liquid. Feeling self conscious, she concentrated on the way it swirled in the glass as she swirled her wrist, but she could still feel his eyes on her. The silence of the moment itself seemed expectant. The shaft of brightness seemed to disappear as soon as it came, but she still felt disoriented. Her surroundings seemed indistinct, incomplete even. Blurs in varying shades of blue, green, brown, grey, and black— she was hyperaware of the hand that was now draped across her waist. She glanced down to see the folds of her dress billowing up as they glided along the dance floor. Everything in the surrounding area that didn't include the two of them seemed muted and vastly unimportant. Lavinia looked up to see him smiling at her, and her heart fluttered just a little bit. "No. No," she heard him call out desperately from behind her, and she felt his grip grow fainter as another memory rushed forward— her eyes followed the direction of his arm, pointing towards the sky. His hand was adorned with jewels, and he had some sort of strange pattern tattooed on the back of it. "No! No!" She shook her head wildly and her mane of red hair went flying all about. "That one isn't a star. It's a hovercraft. It's got to be!" He arched a dark brow