Author's note: This is being published with a heavy heart as I've just heard a few minutes ago that Alan Rickman has died. I'm sure he touched many of your lives in his role as Severus Snape, along with his countless other contributions to cinema and theatre. From one misunderstood Slytherin to another, I give you Theo. I knew it , Theo thought, watching a skinny guy with curly black hair chatting with a much shorter black woman down the bar from him. The boy seemed to be annoyed about something and Theo couldn't help but smirk at his expression. Justin Finch-Fletchly . Theo had first noticed him in their Fourth Year, at the Yule Ball. What had caused him to notice was his ever-so-charming date, Daphne Greengrass. She and her then best friend Pansy Parkinson cat-called Justin when he entered the Great Hall with his date. This was unremarkable to say the least, seeing as Pansy had something nasty to say about almost everyone that she saw, but what stood out to Theo was that Justin didn't simply ignore the insults the way most muggleborns did. He had turned, looked Pansy straight in the eye and told her to ' Shut the hell up '. This had caused quite a stir with both Daphne and Pansy, as well as with Hannah Abbott, who was Justin's date and who had dragged him away hastily after the interaction. Curiously, that had also been the last time he ever heard Daphne call anyone a Mudblood. Theo had proceeded to spot Justin several times throughout the night of the ball; laughing with Ernie MacMillan and Susan Bones, dancing with Seamus Finnegan and Dean Thomas and snogging the hell out of Hannah Abbott. That wouldn't have raised any eyebrows, but the look on Justin's face when he pulled away from Hannah was what did it. It was like looking into a mirror. Since then, and that had been four years ago now, Theo had been sure Justin was also gay. Aside from this, Theo had only seen Justin sparingly. They shared a class during their sixth year, which was a first. Not many people took the Arithmancy NEWT class, but Justin and Ernie were still inseparable and Draco, for all that he was around, still managed to fill the seat next to his every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon making it next to impossible for Theo to mutter so much as a hello in their direction. Ernie he could handle. They had met a few times as children and even became civil to one another after Mrs. MacMillan became Theo's lawyer. But Draco, Merlin what a pain in the arse. Theo observed Justin's pained expression as he watched his two friends dancing. Theo reasoned that perhaps he wasn't very comfortable in social situations but no, he'd noticed Justin in Hogsmeade a few times, as well during meal times and out in the grounds. He always seemed to be very outgoing and friendly. It was actually a little off-putting. Speaking of off-putting, he thought as Justin turned and met his steady gaze, or stare if he was being honest. Justin furrowed his brow for a second before gesturing awkwardly in Theo's direction with his empty glass and turning back towards the dance floor. Now or never , Theo thought, getting up from his stool with a shrug and moving quickly over to take Alicia Spinnet's vacated seat without a word. He couldn't be sure if Justin had recognized him. If he had, his reaction had been pleasant enough. He glanced at Justin now and noticed that he was sitting stock-still, looking purposefully down at his glass. Theo supposed he should start a conversation, but what to say? He'd never done this before. "This music is awful," he finally said, remembering Daphne saying something about how complaining is almost as good as complimenting. Justin looked up at him with recognition. "Do I know you?" he asked. Theo nodded. "Yes, we were at Hogwart's together. You were in my Arithmancy class. Justin, right?" As if I don't ruddy know. Justin flushed and Theo barely suppressed a shrug. Merlin's tits Justin was fit. When did that happen? He was too skinny for his build, but Theo didn't really have room to talk about skinny. "Um, yeah, that's me. You're Nott right?" Theo smirked. Always the last name. "Theo, Theo Black these days," he said, trying to sound casual. He watched as Justin furrowed his brow at the name change but thankfully didn't say anything. "You want a refill?" Theo offered, gesturing to Justin's empty glass. Justin shook his head. "Nah, I'm actually going to get out of here in a minute." Theo tried to read his face. Had the mention of that familiar Death Eater's namesake turned Justin off of their conversation? Not that one could really call this a conversation , Theo mused. Besides, I shouldn't assume he's interested just because we're both gay...either way... "Really? Your friends don't look ready to leave," Theo said, gesturing to where the two women were jumping around to a more upbeat song. "My flatmates. Well, the one in the blue dress anyway. They don't care if I leave." Theo turned back to the bar and signaled the bartender before Justin to protest. "Another Scotch please, and, what is that? A cider?" "Um, a lager," Justin corrected. "Scotch and a lager," Theo said. The bartender nodded and went about getting their drinks. "Really, I'm ok," Justin said. Theo thought he looked nervous. "Are you?" he asked, hoping for an elaboration. Justin blinked at him. "How do you mean?" Theo shrugged, at a loss for how to respond. Their drinks came and Theo paid for them quickly, trying to make his intentions clear. They sat and drank in silence for a while, listening to the drum and bass pulse through the room. What did the pure blood son of a Death Eater have to say to a muggle born? Certainly not "I noticed you weren't at school this year, have a nice holiday? How are the folks?" Fucking hell, you git. Justin chuckled and it pulled Theo from his morbid thoughts. "What?" he asked. "This music is really bad," Justin offered. Theo smiled and nodded. "Terrible." "Why are you in here then?" Justin asked suddenly and Theo was once again put off. For some reason he thought Justin would be easy to talk to, but he found himself floundering at every turn. Finally he asked. "Do you know of a gay bar around that plays classical music?" Justin flushed but laughed again. "No, I don't know of any other gay bars actually. I was dragged here against my will." Theo looked at him for a moment. Against his will? Was he actually wrong about his original assumption? Maybe Justin was just in here to placate his friends. "So, um classical music huh?" Theo shrugged and played with his drink, already second guessing his attempt at chatting someone up. "So, is that the only music you like?" Justin prodded. He still seemed interested in getting to know him, that was a good sign, right? "I like other stuff too. Jazz and Rock. But mostly instrumental." "What's your favourite band?" Justin asked with almost a challenge in his voice. Theo considered him for a moment before saying, "Radiohead." He knew it shouldn't matter, but he was keen to hear Justin's reaction to this. "Oh, I like them too," he said cheerily and Theo mentally ticked another invisible box in his brain. "I can play one of their songs on the guitar," Justin added and Theo stared at him for a moment, wondering if he'd heard that correctly. It's so ruddy loud in here. "Do you play? An instrument, I mean?" Justin went on, oblivious to noise and the crowds that surrounded them. Theo nodded but didn't elaborate. He was pretty guarded about that topic, not wanting to explain why he didn't play anymore. "Um, yeah, so, like I said, I play the guitar and the piano," Justin started to say hurriedly, "but I'm not very good. At the guitar. I'm pretty good at the piano. I started lessons when I was five. I used to hate it, you know? But now that I can play whatever it's actually pretty-" "Do you want to get out of here?" Theo cut across him, avoiding his eyes. He hadn't meant to blurt it out, but he found himself drawn to Justin and wanted to hear everything he had to say about, well, everything, but that would be completely impossible if they remained in this loud, stuffy nightclub. "S-sure," Justin stuttered, looking suddenly terrified. Theo waited while Justin settled his tab and then turned to walk pointedly out of the nightclub. He felt his heart pounding the way it did before a big panic attack. Out of habit he went for his cigarettes as soon as he hit the fresh air. It would not be prudent to be a mess of shrugging while trying to chat someone up. Ah . "Do you smoke?" he asked Justin, who was standing there looking somewhat out of place, his hands deep in the pockets of a light windbreaker. Justin shook his head. Theo placed them back in his shirt pocket without a second thought. Surely he could power through. A stiff drink would be in order. "Um, you can though," Justin offered, "I don't mind. Alicia smokes." Theo shook his head. "No, that's rude," he blurted, realizing too late he had just called Justin's friend rude. Too late to backtrack , he thought, and headed off in the direction of their next destination. He glanced to either side and realized Justin was not next to him. Had his comment been enough for Justin to decide Theo was just like all the others in his house? He slowed slightly and suddenly Justin was there. It was true that while Justin was tall, he was still much shorter than Theo, whose long legs could cover ground quicker than most with almost no effort at all. "Where are we going?" Justin asked as they turned down a small offshoot of the alley. "It's a surprise," Theo said dryly. He tried to smile but his muscles felt all stiff and wrong. Theo stopped in front of a closed shop and turned to look at Justin. He was curled in on himself slightly, whether from nerves or chill Theo could not be sure. He felt the urge to place his hand on Justin's back but instead turned away and began walking down the basement steps next to the shop. "Come on," he said. When Justin didn't make to follow Theo turned again to look at him. Why did he seem so terrified? "Um," Justin said, looking at him. Theo looked at his watch. "They close in an hour, we have time for one more drink." Justin furrowed his brow in confusion but followed him down the stairs nonetheless. They walked in and Theo headed straight for the most secluded seat in the place. He shrugged off the memory of sitting in this very space with David, who never really like the bar, but put up with it both because it was Theo's favorite spot in Diagon Alley and because he was the bar's main wine supplier. Theo turned to look at Justin, who was still taking in the grand piano, the people sitting and talking and drinking. The glow of candlelight against Justin's pale face made him appear to glow. Theo swallowed hard and then shrugged roughly. The movement was not lost on Justin whose face was full of concern when he turned to look at him. Covering, Theo held out his hand. "Your jacket," he prompted and Justin blinked at him momentarily before wriggling out of the hideous thing and passing it over to him. Well, no one's perfect, Theo thought, placing both of their coats on the back of the sofa before sitting. Tara, one