WHERE DO I BEGIN "It just hurts so bad to know that the person you love doesn't want you, will never give you a chance, and that you never had a chance to begin with." As the sun raised just off the coast by the Fireworks Beach, a young boy with dark hair and baggy eyes sat by the cliff, watching as Eos, the goddess of dawn, gave way to Apollo. He pulled his knees up to his chest, resting his head over his arms and just basked at the warm fleetingly touching his pale olive skin. He was at awe as her rosy fingers danced, blending with the orange sky, as if she was literally opening the way for Apollo with her graceful movements. Her pure white wings, untainted by the sky's color, were gliding along with her despite riding her own chariot. She was smiling, and it was blinding like Apollo himself. They were both just too radiant for him, but he couldn't take his eyes off of them. It was a rare chance to see them at work as it was usually just the sun god. It was weird, he decided, as the sun rises at different time in different parts of the world, but somehow Eos manages to ride with Apollo through all of that until the 'dawn' was done in all other places. He sometimes wonders if Eos and Apollo have a thing for each other with the way she moves around him. It was sensual, like he was invading something very intimate between the two gods by watching them do their work. That thought sparkled something painful inside him which he chose to ignore. He really shouldn't think about things like that because he didn't want them anymore. It's been roughly two weeks since Gaia's fall, or rather her forced sleep, and the two camps have been rebuilding themselves. Camp Half-blood more so than Camp Jupiter as the last stand was held there. He could say that they were lucky enough to win. A lot of the campers died and they thought it was the end. To feel all those souls of people who he may have talked to even just once passing the gate of life and moving on to the underworld, it was the creepiest feeling he had ever felt in his entire life. It wasn't like the war with the Titans when only a handful died, no, because this time only a handful of demigods from each house or legion had survived. The ground was literally painted red and gold, the pyre burning for days to accommodate all the mourning. As the two gods passed by him, Nico di Angelo stood up and started walking back to his cabin, not bothering to dust off his clothes. It was still quiet around camp, everyone was probably still asleep. They did have a long celebration last night. It was a miracle Nico even bothered to stay; maybe it was because of those sea green eyes that had begged him to stay around until his birthday was over. Yes, it was Percy Jackson's birthday yesterday and Nico just stuck around because Percy requested. Why he couldn't even say no to that guy was beyond him. Stepping inside his cabin, he was shocked to find someone was sitting on his bed. Nico narrowed his eyes and scowled. Before him was Cupid, but he looked a bit different. Though his wings were still as pure as before he wasn't wearing the white frock suit he was wearing back in Croatia, instead he was wearing a rainbow buttoned down shirt and white loose-fitting pants. His eyes were still red, but they weren't as scary as if every valentine in the world was squeezed. It was more of a gentle red, like a rose blooming in spring. Cupid's long black hair was tied with a red string. "Cupid" Nico spat, glaring at the god. "What the hell are you doing here?" The god merely smiled at him. "Eros actually." he replied nonchalantly. Ah, so he's Eros, which explains the much looser and comfortable persona unlike his strict Roman counterpart. Nico shook his head. Roman or Greek, he still didn't like him and would still like to kick the god out of his cabin. "I rarely go in this form as mortals usually pray for my Roman side more because of that Valentine's Day they invented." Eros laughed, and Nico felt his body shudder. It was like listening to soft bells, ringing pleasantly in his ears, calling to him. "But I do prefer this form." "What do you want?!" Nico nearly yelled as he wrapped his arms around himself. If Cupid made him angry and frustrated about himself because of the forced admittance of his feelings, Eros was making him feel things he only feels when a certain son of Poseidon smiles at him. He felt warm and tingly. "Nico di Angelo, you fascinate me." Eros crossed his legs and propped his golden bow and arrows by the bed. "While my mother did prefer cheesy romances, which she sees in a lot of demigods these days, I have noticed your strong and unrelenting love, despite being unrequited." Nico visibly flinched at that. Despite knowing Percy would never like him that way, it still hurts when other people point out that his love will never be returned and it felt like a double slap when it comes from the god of love himself. "You see Nico, not only am I the god of love and desire, I was also regarded as the guardian of homosexual love." His eyes were twinkling as he saw the shock on the young demigod's face, that side of him wasn't really much known these days. Homosexuality was something big back in the days, but, as other religions started to come out, people had started to think it was wrong to fall for the same sex which was why Eros' position as the guardian was forgotten. "Your love for Percy Jackson is one of the most pure loves I have seen in this century." Nico tried not to, but he couldn't help but laugh bitterly at that. "Pure? My crush on Percy has been built from hero-worship, broken promises, lies, and treachery. There is nothing pure about what I feel for him." He could hear his own voice, resigned and laced with longing. If his love was pure, then that is the biggest joke about his life there is. The god looked at him sadly. "Pothos would have loved to meet you" he muttered softly as he shook his head. "Believe me Nico, despite how a love blooms, the purest form of love is the love that expects nothing in return. You still love despite the pain and darkness, knowing he won't love you back." Ouch. Way to rub salt into his wounds. "I don't know what you mean…" Nico pursed his lips as he looked away. He didn't understand. His love wasn't pure. It was selfish because he did want Percy in every possible way; it's just that he can never have him, and he was resigned to that faith. Eros shook his head once again, like he was tired of Nico's constant denial. "No matter." He looked straight in Nico's eyes, dismissing the boy's earlier words. "I am here because you fascinate me and I do wish to propose something to you." He again smiled that blinding smile that makes Nico's heart speed up. "Like Zephyros, I want you to be under my own protection." Nico's eyes widened. Did Eros just ask him to take him under his wing? No pun intended of course. "W-what?!" He sputtered, not believing what he is hearing. However, the smile on the god's face didn't relent. "I wanted you to be immortal and be part of my retinue, but I'm sure you wouldn't want that and Hades might have something against it." He chuckled at that, how ironic would it be that the son of the god of the underworld becomes a part of the god of love's retinue? "So for now I want you to be my champion. All your victories shall be in my name, but of course it is shared with your father. We wouldn't want to anger him. It is like Jason Grace is Hera's champion, but still his victories are for both her and his father." Nico took a deep breath and really looked at the god of love. He felt his body shaking, from fear or what he didn't know. He was too overwhelmed with what Eros has just told him. He didn't know what to say to that. Was this really true? "W-why?" he managed to utter out. "Why me? I-I'm not special." As Eros reached out and laid a hand on his shoulder, a blinding light engulfed Cabin 13. It felt warm and cozy, too warm that Nico had to close his eyes and felt comfortable as the warm washed over him like a soft loving caress. He could hear Eros' muffled voice say something- or was he yelling? -before he felt horrible pain piercing through his body. Nico screamed as he fell down on his knees, the pain eating its way inside of him. He curled up on his side clutching his chest, clawing at his shirt. He faintly heard a crash and a yell –not Eros' voice though- before he felt the darkness take him. Percy stared at Annabeth as she bit her lip and tucks a stray hair behind her ear; she gazed back to him and gave him a rueful smile. They were currently at the Big House discussing with Chiron and Grover about Nico's disappearance earlier this morning. He was going on his usual morning walk when he heard a scream coming from Nico's cabin. He immediately ran towards the cabin, uncapping Riptide as he kicked the door open and yelled Nico's name when the young demigod suddenly disappeared in the middle of the room. He would have thought that Nico was just simply shadow travelling away if it wasn't for the warm light enveloping the Ghost King before disappearing. There weren't any shadows at that time because of the light, so it was impossible for Nico to just use his ability. And could he even shadow travel while crouching down like he's in pain? In short, Nico was kidnapped. It was further proven when they investigated Cabin 13 and saw a golden set of bow and arrows and Nico's Stygian sword propped up by the bed, both untouched. Chiron wasn't saying anything about the weapons, but Percy suspects that he knows who the owner is but couldn't just drop a name until he confirms it. As of now, they weren't sure on how to find Nico. They have no idea on who took him so they were waiting for Rachel to come in from her boarding school and see if there will be a prophecy or even just a clue about it, anything that could help at all. An hour of sitting idly waiting for Rachel had Percy's ADHD kicking in. He started pacing, capping and uncapping riptide, going to Thalia's tree and back just to check if Rachel had arrived before deciding to just sit on the porch, looking at the tree. It sucks that Rachel had to go back to school after the war. She was trying to make up from all the lectures and notes she missed while the war was on going. It's not like the mortals would just accept her reason about trying to make peace between the Roman and Greek camp or looking for her missing friend using her oracle powers as her excuse for not attending class for a few months or so. "Percy!" He quickly stood up and ran towards his friend, meeting her halfway on the hill. "Rachel! I'm glad you're back!" The red headed girl shook her head and grinned at the boy in