Why did I do this? Because I could and it just came to mind when I was cleaning the kitchen. The brain works in mysterious ways and it has yet explained to me why it does what it does. So here is a load of bleh that I wrote in one day and edited in even less time. Enjoy! The Family in the Woods Once upon a time there was a house in the woods. It wasn't a small house nor was it made of logs. This was what could be considered a mansion hidden away in the deepest of forests North America had ever seen. The weather was mostly cloudy and/or rain but that didn't bother the family that lived there. Oh no. They preferred quiet, seclusion and the privacy. No visitors ever came to the house, no one was ever brave enough to venture down the dark drive encased by trees, so the family remained unknown to the small town they resided by. Of course no story is ever so sweet as to have the happy ending before it even starts. It all began on a thundery night, the wind was howling like mad and lighting danced across the sky. The backyard was lit with sudden flashes every five seconds thanks to the intense storm. The full moon was hidden behind thick black clouds and rain pelted down on to the roofs surface like bullets. Inside the house the residents were peaceful and enjoying an evening like they always did, lazing about. The same wasn't said for the animal out in the yard. Thrashing against its chain, she barked at the trees. Her growls couldn't be heard over the storm but that didn't stop her. She was the family pet; it was her job to protect them and her territory. Another fierce bark came from her jaws but again it was drowned out by the wind. She could smell them. They were there just beyond the trees; taunting her, mocking her. She wouldn't stand for it and with another powerful thrash she pulled the spike from its grounded place and dashed like a mad beast into the woods; her howl joining that of the storm. A window on the second floor opened. "Mum! She's off her chain again!" a male voice echoed through the building. He was a huge beefy man with short hair and childish eyes. Soon another joined him at the window, a woman. Her long blonde hair was blown about by the wind and the scowl on her face showed great displeasure. "Emmet close the damn window, geez. Alice! Your mutt's off her leash!" rapid footsteps sounded on the staircase leading down the multiple levels of the house. A small figure dashed her way past the two, continuing down her path. "No no no no! She's can't be off! I made sure that pike was deep in the ground this time!" Alice, the smallest and youngest of the house was throwing on her jacket as she practically ran towards the back door in hopes of stopping the animal from getting lost once again in the forest. Her father halted her before she could touch the handle. "Woah there Alice. I can't let you go off into this storm. It's too dangerous" Alice just glared into mirror eyes of her father. "But I have to Carlisle. She could get hurt out there!" "I hope my dear baby girl isn't planning to go outside now is she?" a beautiful woman entered through a doorway to the right; her dark locks tied up in a bun and hands holding a dish cloth. Snickering was heard from upstairs. "Shut up Emmet!" Alice yelled from her spot up the staircase. The male answered. "Make me short stack!" "Emmett! No insulting in my house. Alice no yelling at your brother" Alice just pulled a face. "He started it!" a loud smack followed by a cry of pain. "There, I finished it" the smallest couldn't help but grin. "Love you Rose!" "No problem pixie" "What am I to do with you lot?" Esme rubbed her eyes at the thought of her family. The entrance of two other males gave more to the situation. "Don't worry mother dearest. You still have us" the shaggy haired blonde boy gave his mother a hug all the while smirking at his little sister. "You're such a mumma's boy Jasper" "Alice, don't start again" Carlisle broke off whatever before it had a chance to begin. His youngest just folded her arms and pouted all the while looking to the back door. "We'll go with Alice to look" eyes turned to the other male in the room, his brown hair always in a mess and face emotionless. Alice grinned "Yes! See Edward agrees with me. We have to go look for Bella" Carlisle was losing his touch if one look from his children got him to give so easily. "Very well, but that means we're all going. Including you Emmett and Rosalie" "What?!" "Yes!" both replies came from a yell two stories up. Deep in the thick branches of the woods were three mysterious men dressed in tattered clothes and dirt smudge faces. They were ruff looking; their rugged breathing gave off a foul odour while their eyes tried to spy anything in the trees surrounding them. "Smart one Jeffs! You had to run the car off the road in the middle of nowhere. If we made it to the border we'd be safe by now, not lost in this god awful forest!" one man screamed as he flung his arms about in a rage. His fellow escapees weren't faring better in the emotional department but Ross had a temper. He couldn't help himself at times. "Shut it you bone head. No one will follow us in here. We've lost the cops ok? Let's just find another place to grab a car and we can be off. No mess no foul alright?" Jeff wiped most of the rainwater off his face as she stared the other two down. Ross might be temperamental and impulsive but he was no leader, he couldn't handle being out here on his own and the other guy, Todd, was just a weakling who tagged along because he could run fast. "Let's go" he led the way through the mudded forest floor. While there weren't any tracks deep in the woods the trees were wide spread enough for there no need to be. The group had managed to steal warm clothes and a car in the town over when making their escape but their resources ended with only one torch used to help them through the darkness. After trudging on for hours the three stopped beneath a thick oak to rest and get out of the rain despite already being soaked to the bone. Todd was shivering while Ross just looked even angrier than before. Jeff hoped he didn't have to knife the guy before they got to their destination. Before he spoke Jeff heard something in the distance. His curious expression got the other's attention. "What is it?" "Shhh! I heard something…listen" the others looked out into the darkness and started to hear an echo. A woman was calling out into the night. "…Bella!...Bella where are you?!" it sounded far off but was moving closer. The men were almost as confused as they were anxious. "Now what's a little girl doing way out here in the middle of the night?" Jeff chuckled to himself darkly as he switched off the light and cautiously made his way onwards. The other two seemed to follow behind him. "Are you crazy? This isn't the time or the place Jeff" Ross harshly whispered as he pushed aside a shrub. Todd only nodded his head to agree. "That little girl could have a car out there we can swipe you bone head; after of course I have a little fun with her first. Now shut it" the trio crept onwards getting closer as the call got louder until they came across an open meadow. They could barely make out in the darkness it was a young woman, short hair flattened by the rain that had surprisingly lightened since their woodly adventure. She wore dark clothing, jeans, top and a light jacket. It wasn't very suited for the outdoors at all. "The little bitch won't know what's hit her. Come on" Alice had managed to treck her way through the woods to find a small clearing. It was familiar to the small teen as she'd been there many times before with her family and their adoring canine. Seeing it in the middle of the night during a storm wasn't the most pleasant but Alice didn't care she wanted her Bella back. "Bella! Here girl! Where are you?! Oh you poor thing…where are you Bella?" her voice was barely audible over the rain and thunder but she still called out as hard as she could. Gasping at the sight of chains in a muddy patch sent her hopes up a little but the dangling collar at the end quickly dashed them. It had come off. "Stupid girl! That was a new collar I bought you just last week! Why do you have to keep breaking these things? It looked so good on you too…" her emotions were jumping all over the place and the woman blamed her animal companion wholeheartedly for it. A snapping twig had her spinning around. "Bella?!" "Not quite girly" Jeff stepped out of the trees to smirk his disgusting yellow teeth at her. He was clenching and relaxing his hands repeatedly and traced his eyes over her form. If she didn't have more important things to worry about she'd have shivered at the horror of him. "You're not Bella…" "No I'm not. But I know a little thing like you shouldn't be out here all alone in the middle of the night. Let alone in a storm" "My girl Bella ran off her chain so I have to find her. If you're looking for the road just head a couple miles that way" she pointed to her left slightly. "Please excuse me I have to go now" Alice turned away to continue her search on the other side of the clearing but the appearance of two other men from the trees either side of her paused the action. "I don't think you understand girly. Me and the boys just got released and we've been oh so lonely locked up in the cells. We want a little company tonight and you're going to provide it" "I gave you the chance to leave. If you were actually smart you'd take it before you end up getting hurt. But it appears you three are as stupid as you look. Don't blame me if you don't make it out alive" "What you just say bitch?" Ross advanced forward as he clenched his teeth. "Say that to my face again and I'll show you what this stupid man can do" he ended up in her face when he raised a threatening fist. His single sight focus had him unaware of the new arrivals. "Alice, I thought we were out here looking for your mutt not playing with the townsfolk" Rosalie appeared with her arms folded and a frown plastered across her face. The men almost jumped at the sound of her voice. Behind her came the form of the large mass Emmett and it was then the escapees started to realise something wasn't quite right. "What's going on here?! Who the hell are you people?!" Jeff stumbled over himself when a reply came from behind. "We're just a loving family out for a walk in the woods" Edward gave a shrug as the man ran from him in fear. Jasper appeared to his right. "A very concerned loving family when our beloved pet suddenly goes running off into said woods. Speaking of, anyone find her yet?" "No unfortuneatly. Though I believe