A/N Hi world! *Looks around* Wow I haven't been here in long while. Well this is a new fic for me (obviously, since there is only one chapter). I have never wrote in this fandom before but this story has been in my brain for a long while now. I do hope you like it. This begins near the end of the first book. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters the all belong to Stephanie Meyer. Chapter 1 (Paul) Standing inside this smelly old office was really starting to get boring. Over the years I have been inside Principal Lark's off 142 times… I think. No, that's too low for me. Shit I don't remember, I've been in this damn school since I was five and I've been in here too many times to count, apparently. The place reeked even back then, now though it smelled more of B.O. than anything else. You see I, Paul Lahote, have a bad habit of losing my temper, the school councillor says I may have something called, Intermittent Explosive Disorder. I'm not worrying about that right now though, right now I'm only thinking about that God awful smell. Seriously, the window is open and everything and yet it smelled like my gym locker at the end of the year. I kind of wanted to pull out the deodorant I had in my bag and hand it to the chubby little poodle, but that wouldn't go over too well with him. I was already in enough trouble because I smacked Cameron in the face about ten minutes earlier. Pussy ran out of the room before I could do any real damage. It wasn't like hadn't done worse in the past. "Are you even listening me?" No. What, was he still yapping on? Christ, this guy was like one of those damn ankle biters, all bark and no bite. It wasn't like I hadn't heard this all before. He'll demand that I try and defend myself, that's his favourite part, and then I'll get a lecture about respecting others and treating them how I would want to be treated. Some sort of crap like that. Then he would suspend me for a day or so. After that I would have to sit down with Miss Charter, the school councillor, and we would go over shit again about my bad temper. "Do you have anything to say for yourself?" And there it was. "Well, I'm waiting, Mr. Lahote." Yap, yap, yap, did I really find this guy intimidating when I was little? "I hit him, 'nough said. Can I go now?" "You tried to poke Jared's eye out with a pencil!" "Who told you that? That's a lie! I only punched the kid. Ask any of the kids that were in the room. Derek only said that because he's still mad that I smashed his car window last year," I argued. Okay, maybe I did have a pencil in my hand when I tried to clock the kid but if Lark found that out I would be heading to see Chief Swan, again. "That's Mr. Peterson. I want you to apologize to Jared, a heartfelt apology Mr. Lahote, and you can help Mrs. White with her 3/4 class for the next month during your spares." Was he serious? Couldn't I just get sent home for a few days instead? "I'm not apologizing, kid has been giving the stink eye all week." "Either you apologize to Jared tomorrow or I will suspend you for a month and we'll have daily sessions with your parents and the counsellor." Fuck, the old man hated coming into school. "Fine," I agreed through clenched teeth. "Good, be in my office first thing in the morning. Now scram." I didn't need to be told twice. Swiftly, I grabbed my bag and headed for the door. "See you Lark," I yelled over my shoulder before slamming the door. It was a normal day in La Push, cloudy with a chance of rain. The bell had just rung, so there was no point in me going back to class. One more week and it would be March break, thank God. I stepped outside into the cool breeze and spotted the guys already waiting by their vehicles. Leon was leaning against his car picking at his nails, while Myles and his girlfriend, Shannon, were standing by her beat up minivan. Shannon was furiously texting someone. "Lia wants to know if we're going to be at the usual spot," Shannon stated, when she noticed me walking up. Leon grunted, supposedly that was a yes. She rolled her eyes at the silence. "Well?" "Yeah, tell her we'll meet her there," I answered getting into my truck. Fuck, couldn't anyone just make a choice. "Okay, I have to drop off the kids and I'll meet you guys there." With a wave in acknowledgement, I sped off down the road towards the trail that we have been hiking since sixth grade. No shit she had to drop off her brothers and sisters, she did that every day. Just like every fucking day we all met up at the top of the cliffs to chill after school. This life was getting really boring, I needed to do something new before I went into a coma from lack of brain stimulation. As per usual, Leon beat me to the trail. By the time I locked up the truck he was forty feet ahead. I quickly jogged to catch up to him. "So, heard you smoked Cameron in the face today." I shrugged. "He was annoying me." "No kidding, I would have broken his nose. Seems a little cruel to poke his eyes out though." "Yeah it was a little overboard," I grumbled. "Doesn't matter though, the kid high tailed it after the first blow." "With a kid like that you'd think that he would be less likely to run from a fight. Shit, Cameron has shot up so much he has to be doing some sort of steroids." "Yeah, he has grown a lot since Christmas." Leon shrugged. "It happens to lanky kids when you juice up, I suppose." We made it to the end of the trail and found ourselves at the top of one of the cliffs that looked out on first beach. The trees covered most of the area that we usually sat under so when the rain came, like it always did, we would be dry. I sat down under my normal tree where I sat under every other damn day, I had sat under this canopy of leaves so often I had carved my initials on it, along with Leon's and Lia's with words Sunshine Bound underneath them. Leon walked over to the other side of our little hideout and tossed me a can of Coke from the cooler we had hidden under a bush. At the same time we cracked open our drinks and chugged half of it. "It was stupid really, he was giving me that weird look again when I walked into math class so I gave him something to stare at. For a second he looked furious, like he was about to fight back when all of the sudden he freaked and ran out of the room. Poof, he was gone just like that." Leon laughed. "Dumbass." "Glad you find it funny, you do realize that if you keep this up then you will get expelled or end up in prison," Shannon scolded, coming up the hill with Myles. "Probably both." "It wasn't that big of a deal," I grumbled. "Lark only ever suspends me. Keeps saying that it'll be better if I stay in school rather than out doing jack shit." "They will only give you so many chances, Paul. Sooner or later you will screw up one too many times and they will be forced to expel you." I really didn't want to hear about this. She always gave me the same shitty lecture, do good in school, behave, don't get into fights. If I hadn't listened so far what made her think I would change my ways now. "So… it's not like I'm working hard to graduate anyways." Shit, why did I say that, here comes the mama bear act. Her face was red with a look of determination. No, no more school lectures, not today. "Scold me woman and I'll-" "You'll what, glare at me? We both know you won't hurt me," she challenged, with a look of superiority. "Control your woman Neale." Myles wasn't even paying attention to us any longer he was staring down the cliff's edge. "Huh?" Idiot was daydreaming again. "Hey how cold do you think it is down there?" "I don't know," I snapped. Who gave a fuck? "Shrinking cold." "Major shrinking," Leon agreed. "Probably about fifty degrees. Dare you to jump in." He gave me a smirk. I snorted. Not going to happen. "I'll give either of you twenty bucks to go in naked," Myles countered. "Make it thirty and you got a deal," Leon agreed. I rolled my eyes. Put money on the line and these two would just about do anything. "Deal!" Myles exclaimed, shaking his friend's hand. "You're going to catch a cold," Shannon tried to reason with them. The ignored her. "Cash first." "Yeah, yeah." He dug into his pocket and counted out the money. "I only got twenty-two fifty." "We agreed on thirty." "I'm good for it you know that, man." "Buy me lunch for a week, plus the money and you got yourself a deal." "The way you eat that will cost a fortune!" he protested. "I'll do it for twenty-whatever," someone said coming up the trail. Lia emerged from the bushes carrying her backpack. She must have rode her bike from Forks High if the amount of sweat running down her face was any indication. She walked up right up to Myles and plucked out the money from his hands. I couldn't help but grin, Stupid had no idea what she just agreed to. That was Lia though, she always dove in head first. When her hazel eyes locked with mine she knew something was amiss. "What did I just agree to?" Leon smirked. "Cliff diving." She physically relaxed. "No sweat, I've done that a million times." "Naked," he finished. She froze. "Naked?" "Like the day you were born," I added. "Still gonna do it?" She sighed. "I can't back down now." We all shook our heads. Typical Lia, she never backed down from anything. "Is anyone else jumping?" Silence. "I suppose it's just me then," she said with a roll of her eyes. Right there in the middle of us, with everyone watching, she began to strip. I couldn't help but chuckle at the horrified squeal Shannon let out. When Myles realized what the girl was doing he turned beet red and spun around. Leon caught my eye, causing the both of us to laugh even harder than I already was. "Show some modesty Amelia!" Shannon scolded. "Most of you have seen me naked more times than I can count." "You were four!" "Same shit. It's not like they haven't seen a girl's boob before." She threw her shirt at Leon's head. "No boners Leon." With that she strutted over to the edge. She gave us one last glance showing a peace sign. Before she jumped she yelled, "See you at the beach pussies." With that she was gone. "What? I'm no pussy," Leon grumbled, undoing his jeans. I started to laugh. Lia always knew how to get under his skin. I stopped though when I noticed that Myles was undressing as well. Damn, there was no way I was going to be the only one not to jump. I tuned out Shannon's rants of catching a cold as I stripped down to my boxers. Leon was the first to jump, with Myles running after him. I waited to