Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Summary: It took less than two seconds for him to know that she was the one that he was meant to spend the rest of his life with. AN: I have wanted to pair these two together since I first read the books. I have finally found a way to do it. Bella Swan wasn't the type of person who did things without thinking them through first. She had been contemplating moving to Washington for over a year before her mom mentioned that Phil wanted to try to get his baseball career started. Bella knew that her mom wanted to go with him wherever he went but that she wouldn't do it if Bella were in the picture. Renee had been reluctant to agree to let her go at first. Once Bella brought up that she hadn't seen her dad in almost a year and that she wouldn't have any time to see him before she started college in a year and a half Renee realized that she was right. Charlie was happy to have her coming to live with him. He had never been the type to show his emotions unless something really affected him. Bella had never known him to be this excited about anything. The moment she stepped off the plane she saw her dad in the crowd. She smiled warmly at him as he walked towards her. "Hey you," she said as he pulled her in for a hug. "Hi," he said with a smile of his own. "How are you?" "Good. You look good." "So do you," he said with an easy smile. They walked through the terminal with an arm draped over the other's shoulders. In the cruiser on the way home he filled her in on everything that had changed in town. "You remember Billy and Jake don't you?" "Not really," she said with a nervous laugh. "You'll meet them later. They come over a couple times a week. I'm sure you and Jake will get along fine, he's around your age." Bella nodded as she watched the passing scenery. Charlie fiddled with the radio dial and a pop song that Bella hadn't heard in years came on. "You listen to this?" she asked. "I thought that you might like it." "I did, when I was ten. What you had on before was fine," she said with a laugh. She changed the station back herself as he turned off the highway. The town of Forks hadn't changed since she had been there last. It was one those towns that would be never change. The people were nice as far as small town people went. She saw a mother walking her daughters across the street once Charlie came to a stop to let them pass. The woman smiled and waved and Charlie waved back. Ten minutes later they passed the high school. It also hadn't changed from the way Bella remembered it. The ride to the house once they were in Forks took less than half an hour. She got out of the car and immediately went to the trunk to start bringing her stuff into the house. Most of her things were still in Phoenix because her room here wasn't that big while her room at her mom's was three times larger. Her mom would take everything with her if she ever decided to move so that Bella would have a place to stay whenever she wanted to visit. She was pulling the last of her things out of the trunk when a truck pulled in behind the cruiser. A teenage boy got out on the passenger side and quickly walked around to the back. He pulled down a wheel chair while Charlie opened the driver's side door. The boy's long hair fell in his face so Bella wasn't able to get a good look at him. He came to stand beside Charlie and helped pull the man out of the truck and into the chair. He shoved his hair out of his eyes before looking at Bella. He gave her a wide smile as his eyes met hers. "Hey," he said, still smiling. "Hi," Bella said with a wave. "You two used to be best friends. Hopefully that hasn't changed," The man in the chair said. "Neither of them would remember that. They weren't even in school yet," Charlie said with a laugh. "I'm Jake," Jacob said walking up to her. "I'm Bella," she said with a smile. "I'm Billy," Billy said getting her attention. "Hi," she said moving around to look around Jacob. "I can take those inside for you. Our dads have something that they want to show you," Jacob said taking her bags from her. "You should be out here. You're the one who worked on it for her," Charlie said as he walked towards them. He passed them to stand by an old truck that was parked in front of the cruiser. It had some miles on it, but it didn't look like it would be breaking down anytime soon. "That's mine?" she asked with wide eyes. "I bought it from Billy a few weeks ago. Jake was able to get it working." "Thank you," she said looking between the two of them. "You're welcome," Charlie said with a nod. "It was nothing," Jacob said with a shy smile. "Get in, see if you like it," Charlie said gesturing to the driver's side door. Bella opened the door quickly, not seeing Jacob trying to pass her. She hit him in the knee with the door before quickly apologizing. He limped around the front of the truck. He got in on the passenger side as she ran her hands over the wheel. "I really am sorry for hitting you with the door. I'm such a klutz." "It's okay. It doesn't hurt anymore," he said with a shake of his head. He talked her through how to shift before she asked him if he wanted a ride to school in the morning. "I go to school on the Rez. Trust me, I wish you were going there." "It was nice to think about. It would have been nice to know somebody already." Jacob nodded as Charlie and Billy continued to rough house in the street. "Are they always like that?" "It's gotten worse with age. My best friends think it's hilarious," he said with a laugh. "It is pretty funny," she said as Charlie danced around Billy pretending to box. They got out of the truck and Jacob and Charlie carried Billy's chair up the stairs. Bella carried her bags up to her room and Jacob stood at the door a few minutes later. "Do you want some help?" he asked. "That would be great. There isn't much," she said as she opened a box. Half an hour later they were back downstairs when Charlie suggested that they order pizza for dinner. "Is that what the three of you normally eat?" Bella asked. "Yeah," The three of them said at the same time. "Expect a home cooked meal the next time you come over. Living off of pizza alone is great for someone Jake's age, but the two of you can't." "If you want to cook I'm not going to tell you no," Charlie said with a laugh. They talked while they waited for the pizza and Bella was surprised to find out that it was only Billy and Jacob that lived on the Rez. Bella did remember that Billy had daughters once he mentioned them. Where were they? Jacob couldn't take care of Billy by himself. XXXX Bella slept through her alarm clock the next morning. Luckily Charlie had woken her up only ten minutes after it was supposed to go off. He was downstairs reading the paper while he drank his coffee when she came down. "Do you need me to go with you?" he asked looking over a corner of the paper. "I don't think so. You said that you had gone in the other day to get everything taken care of. I should be okay," she said as she made herself a glass of milk. She sat down at the table with a piece of toast and an apple a few seconds later. He watched her as she ate silently. "Is that all you're going to eat?" "I can't eat when I'm nervous. I was lucky to get that down." "I'm sure that it will be fine," he said with a smile. She nodded as she read a section of the paper that he had already looked through. There was an article about a doctor who was being awarded a humanitarian award for all of his charity work. She read the article while her dad washed out his coffee cup and finished getting ready for work. He hugged her tightly before leaving. Once she was done reading the article she realized that it was time for her to leave. The fifteen minute drive to school was the most nerve wracking fifteen minutes of her life. She worried that none of the kids would like her and that they would make her life a living hell. Maybe she should have talked her dad about letting her go to school on the Reservation with Jacob like she had wanted to last night. It was too late now. It had started to rain while she drove to school. She hadn't thought to bring an umbrella. She hadn't even worn her jacket with a hood. She sighed before gathering her things. She opened her door only to step in a massive puddle. She groaned before looking up at the sky wondering if God was playing some kind of cruel joke on her. "That happened to me yesterday," Someone said from a few feet away. She looked up to see a skinny Asian boy with straight hair that fell in his face and over his ears. "My dad wasn't kidding when he said it always rained here." "Your dad has lived here a long time." "He's lived here his entire life." The boy crossed the rest of the way to her and she was grateful to be under the shelter of his umbrella. "I'm Eric by the way. You must be Isabella." "It's Bella. Thanks for sharing your umbrella with me." "Not a problem. So when did you get here?" "Yesterday afternoon. It didn't leave me much time to meet anyone that goes here." "Well then I am happy to be the first person to welcome you to town. Where are you from?" "Arizona." "That's a big stretch. I hope you don't resent moving here," he said with a laugh. "It's not so bad." "So you're Chief Swan's daughter? I never knew that he had any kids." "I lived here when I was little. My mom and I moved when I was two." They walked into the school and she was met with a rush of heat. She was glad to have the chance to thaw as he walked her to the office. "I can wait out here if you want. School doesn't start for another twenty minutes." "That would be great. I'll be right back." Bella filled out paperwork and the secretary gave her a folder filled with paperwork for Charlie to fill out. She also got her schedule and locker assignment before meeting Eric in the hall. He was talking to an Asian girl with long dark hair and she wore glasses. His attention was on Bella once he noticed that she was standing a few feet away. "We'll finish talking about it during lunch Angela. I'll see you later," he said abruptly. "Okay," Angela said quietly before walking away. He stepped up to Bella and she watched Angela walk away. "You didn't have to make her leave. I've got a map of the school; I could have found my way around." "We weren't talking about anything important. Let me see your schedule,"