Story Title: Long Hot Summer Summary: None of them knew what lay ahead of them. If they were looking for a change, they were going to get one. Pairing: Jake/Bella...But don't expect it for the first half of the story. Rating: M, for crude humor and sexual innuendos and possibly eventually a few lemons. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. It belongs to Stephenie Myer. I also got the title for this story from a Keith Urban song, it's not imperative that you listen to it, but it is a good song. AN: I got inspired to write this story after reading a Hunger Games story last fall. The story is called Cruel Summer and it's by TwilightCakes, yes she does write for Twilight too, so go read her stuff..all of it. It's mandatory and I promise you will love it as much as I do. Also I would like to mention that I only got the idea from that story, this story is different, the only thing they have in common is that they both take place at a camp and they are named after songs. I just wanted to clear that up. Bella Swan was not the outdoorsy, camping type, but for the past two years she had put her old ways behind her for two months out of every year. She never could say no to Harry and Sue so when they asked her to be a camp counselor at the camp that they had started she had been scared. Disaster scenario after scenario ran through her mind. This year was going to be different. Her three best friends were finally old enough to be counselors along with her. They would help her whenever she needed them. Jacob, Embry and Quil had been going to Camp Blackhawk since they were twelve so they knew the camp like the back of their hands. Bella had never been a camper at the camp since the summer was the only time she got to spend time with her dad. Being the child from a broken home did have it's disadvantages. Bella had been friends with the boys since they were still in diapers. She worked hard to keep her friendship with them intact even though she only saw them four times a year. She was going to hate leaving them at the end of the season, she could feel it. "Have you got everything you need?" Renee asked from the door way from doorway to Bella's room. Bella did a mental check of her two bags and light suitcase she was taking. She had enough sun screen to share with the entire camp for the entire season and she was bringing three bathing suits because she couldn't decide which one she wanted to bring. She had two pairs of tennis shoes and a pair of beat up hiking boots that had seen better days. "I may need a new pair of boots for next year. The ones I have now will be lucky to get me through the entire season," she said discouragingly. "Do you have money to buy more?" "I'm sure that Harry and Sue will give me an advance on my paycheck if I need it." "That money is for college. Take this, use it only for emergencies," Renee said slipping a credit card into Bella's hand. Bella gave her a thankful smile before turning to give her a hug. Bella'd had her reservations about going since it was her last summer before college. She would only have a couple of weeks at her dad's before heading off to the University of Washington. This would be the last time that she saw her mom for a good five months. "I'm gonna miss you Sweet Pea," Renee said quietly. "I'll miss you too." "Call me when you can at camp and then we'll work on getting you a better phone contract." "Yes ma'am." "You ready to go Bells?" Phil asked from the hall. Bella pulled away from her mom giving her a weak smile. They were saying goodbye now because Renee would have trouble letting her go if she went to the airport. Jacob, Quil, and Embry would be picking her up from the airport and they would be heading to camp from there. XXXX After being on the plane for four hours she was glad to be on stable ground. She was scanning the crowd when she was nearly bowled over. She pushed her hair out of her eyes with wide eyes and Quil's face was inches from hers. "Jerk," she grumbled. "Love you too Bells," he said with a chortle. "Let her go," Jacob said, holding back the urge to laugh. "Why don't you just lick her next time, or mark your territory? That would be better," Embry said before thwacking Quil upside the head. "What Quil was trying to say is that he missed you," Jacob said as he picked up Bella's suitcase that Quil had knocked out of her hand. They walked to the baggage claim with all of them talking at once. Bella's dad, Charlie said that they had their own language that no one else understood. They were telekinetically in sync. They somehow knew when one of them needed the other three. Each of the boys carried a bag through the airport while Bella called her mom and dad to let them know that her flight had landed safely. They loaded everything into the back of the smallest car she had ever seen. It was brand new with the ninety day tags still on it. Bella watched with a bewildered expression. "What?" Embry asked. "Is this yours?" she asked. "Yeah," he said slowly. "Nice clown car," she said with a snicker. Quil and Jacob hooted with laughter but Embry gave her a steely eyed glare. "Just for that you're stuck riding in the bass mobile. I hope you brought ear plugs," he countered. "I have some if she doesn't," Jacob retorted. Embry and Quil got into Embry's Fiat and Bella followed Jacob up to the top level where he had parked. Music so loud that it rattled the windows pounded out of the speakers that replaced the back seat. Jacob quickly adjusted the volume so that the people around them would stop staring. The drive down the Peninsula highway to Olympia took less than an hour but in that time Jacob and Bella had time to talk. Their dad's had been best friends since they played popcorn football and little league baseball. She had a deep rooted friendship with each of them but she felt closer to Jacob because of their dad's. "This year is going to be great. All four us are going to be counselors; we'll own the camp. You know Harry and Sue will let us do whatever we want," he said sounding sure of himself. "At least you'll have the boys to hang out with after lights out. Leah said she wasn't sure if she was coming this year," Bella said with a sigh. "It's nobodies fault but your own for not making more friends. It'll be fine," he reassured her. "You're right, I'm worrying over nothing," she said psyching herself out. He turned to look at her once he had stopped a stop light. The sun shone on her hair making it glow like copper. She looked at him from out of the corner of her eye, giving him a small smile. He grinned back before running a hand through his short hair. "The light is green," she said quietly. Embry honked impatiently behind them before Jacob pressed down on the eccellorator. The moment between them was over before it could begin. They resumed talking and soon they left the highway for the mountain terrain of Olympia. Bella relaxed against the seat with a content smile. She had fallen in love with the scenery the first time she saw it. Camping trips of years past came back to her with a wave of nostalgia. "Can you smell the burning leaves too?" Jacob asked to break the silence. "Yeah. It's the smell of our youth," she said still smiling. "It's still my favorite smell." "Mine is still chocolate," she said matter of factly. Jacob scoffed with a shake of his head. Sometimes he forgot that Bella was so simple and he knew her so well. He knew her better than anyone and he was the one she told her secrets, fears, and dreams to. They rounded a bend and the camp could be seen a short distance away. People were already unloading their cars and going up and down the stairs that led to the cabins in droves and as they got closer Bella recognized some of the counselors from last year. A few new faces stood out in the crowd but so far she hadn't spotted Leah or her boyfriend Sam. "Relax," Jacob reminded her. "I know that I'm worrying too much. Feel free to slap some sense into me if you need to." "That's Leah's job," he said pointing out the windshield. Bella followed his finger and sighed in relief when she saw Leah, Sam, and Leah's younger brother Seth coming down the stairs. Leah kissed Sam's cheek before making her way through the crowd and pausing to let Embry pull in next to Jacob. Bella got out of the car and Leah saddled up next to her to drape an arm over Bella's shoulders. "Welcome back to the craziness," Leah greeted her. "I thought that you were taking that internship with the department of forestry." "Mom and dad need me here. There's always next year," she said with a shrug. "Well, I'm glad that you're here and I'm sure I'm not the only one," she said catching Sam's eye. He nodded with a warm smile before turning his attention back to Paul Miller, another counselor from last year. Jacob pulled Bella's bags and suit case from Embry's car and sat them a few feet from where she stood silently. Leah saw him pause like he was going to say something before Quil handed him another bag. Leah was going to have to talk to Bella and soon. She knew that Jacob had feelings for Bella even if Bella didn't. Sometimes it took and outsiders perspective to see the light. XXXX Bella and Jacob stood side by side looking over the list of cabin assignments. Harry and Sue ran a tight ship and didn't play favorites. If you had a problem with someone you shared a cabin with you needed to work it out in mediation with Sue; no one was allowed to switch cabins unless it was a last resort. "I'm stuck with a newbie," Embry said with an agitated sigh. "If anybody can make it work, it's you," Bella said confidently as she clapped a hand on his shoulder. "I've got a new guy too," Jacob confirmed. "Yes, I'm with Paul!" Quil said gratefully. "Why are you so excited? Isn't he the one who put itching powder in your swim trunks two years ago?" Embry asked in confusion. ""We get along better now," Quil said with a shrug. "I'm with Leah again," Bella said with a satisfied sigh. "We see who Harry and Sue's favorite is," Quil said with an eye roll. Bella stuck out her tongue tauntingly before picking up her bags and suitcase and heading up the hill. She was in a different cabin than she had been in last year and she had less than half an hour to get settled in before orientation started. She was not looking forward to talking about herself in front of strangers with all of their attention focused on her. The screen door slammed shut behind her and she turned to see Leah struggling with an arm load of blankets. "Mom said it's going to get cold at night this week. She doesn't want us getting sick." Bella took a couple of blankets from her and