Story Title: Ready or Not Summary: Can two people who don't see eye to eye mend their broken friendship? Pairing: Jacob/Bella eventually Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. AN: I know what you're thinking...'She barely updates anymore, why is she starting a new story only to make us wait even longer?' That answer is easy, my usually quiet Bella muse hit me over the head with this idea while I was in the grips of a very painful migraine and once I got some sleep and I felt better more of this chapter fell into place. Please let me know what y'all think. AN2: I wanted to clear something up before I confuse all of you. There is no La Push High School so, Jacob, Embry, Quil, Jared and Seth and all of their respective others go to Forks. It's not something that I normally do, I know but I wanted to try it out for this story and see it goes. Bella Swan was in love. Not puppy love, or lust or even infatuation but full on love. The kind of love that the most naive of people think concurs all and can't be shaken. Her boyfriend of a year had broken the news gently that he had been accepted into an honors program at a academy in Tacoma and he felt that it would be beneficial for him to go if he wanted to be accepted in Harvard for their premed program. They still had three months together when he had told her but the summer had flown by and the new school year would begin in less than two weeks for her and in a couple of days for Edward. Edward's house was full of people but he and Bella had found a place of solitude on the balcony that was off of his room. He leaned against the sliding door and she sat between his legs, resting against him. The air was hot and muggy and and the quiet was too much for Bella, making her feel uneasy. "Stop," Edward cautioned. "Stop what?" "You're fidgeting," he said with a light laugh. "Sorry, you're so quiet that it's making me nervous." "You worry too much," he said against her hair. "You'll call and write, right?" she asked, turning her torso to look at him, worrying her bottom lip. "Until I meet someone else. She'll be prettier than you of course, super model pretty. And she'll also be want to be a brain surgeon when she's older. And did I mention that she'll be fluent in three languages? She'll be perfect in every way." "So she'll be Mary Poppins?" she asked, her mouth quirking up on one side. "I will call you and email you everyday. I'll text so much that you'll grow tired of me. I'll come home when I can. You won't miss me, I swear," he promised. "I will have Alice and Angela," she reasoned. "You'll be so busy that you won't have time to miss me." "We should go back inside before Emmett comes looking for us. We don't want what happened last time to happen again." "I still haven't let that go," he said with a sigh. "Too late," Edward's older brother, Emmett said from inside Edward's room. "At least we weren't in a compromising position this time," Bella said as she stood. "Thank God," Emmett said with a roll of his eyes. Edward took hold of Bella's hand to lead her through the house to the living room where his oldest brother, sister and sister-in-law were waiting for them. Carlisle, gave them each a look that only he could give them, one that said 'you should know better'. Edward's sister and sister-in-law weren't asking for much. Alice and Esme just wanted to spend Edward's last night in Forks as a family. A few hours later Edward and Bella were sitting in his car out front of her house. She still had another fifteen minutes before Charlie would send one of the officers that he worked with to pass by the house to make sure that she was home and that Edward wasn't there. It wasn't like they had gotten around that before but tonight Edward wouldn't be able to stay. He still had some last minute packing to do that he had put off so that Bella could come over. He and Carlisle would be leaving early the next morning to be in Tacoma in time for orientation. Bella was facing him, watching him as he stared out the windshield. He had gone silent again. She reached to put a hand on his arm and he turned his head to look at her. He smiled, not a genuine smile, the kind that reached his eyes and made her give him whatever he wanted but a smile to reassure her that everything would be fine. "I love you," she said with a sigh. "I love you too," he said before leaning in. His hands cupped her face and her fingers were threaded into his hair as she gave in to the kiss. What started out as a sweet gentle kiss turned into a grope fest with his hands under her shirt and his fingernails scraping over her breasts through her bra. She saw the car lights approaching the house before he did and pulled away. It was a car she would recognize anywhere. One of the deputies slowed down and nodded as Bella pulled away from Edward and exited the car. She leaned down and he rolled the passenger window down so that she could say one last thing. "Call me when you get settled in?" "Sure," he said with a genuine smile. She waved at the deputy before walking up the stairs Edward said something that Bella couldn't hear to the deputy and the deputy nodded before pulling away from the house. Inside, Bella called her dad to let her know that Deputy Lyle was on his way back and that she was going to bed. She set the coffee machine timer because she had to be at work early and Charlie would want coffee when he finally got up for the day before going to bed. She would have to face the fact that Edward was making strides towards the future without her. XXXX Two weeks later Bella started her senior year of high school. She had talked to Edward every single day since he left. He had made good on his promise to carve out time every night so that the time of them could talk for at least half an hour. She didn't feel as alone as she thought she would. Alice was waiting for her by the front doors with her boyfriend Jasper. She let herself be pushed along by the throng of people also making their way through the parking lot. Alice noticed her and she waved, smiling brightly. "Do you have to be so chipper at seven thirty in the morning?" "Did someone stay up late last night talking to their boyfriend?" Jasper teased. "So what if I did?" she said in mock defense. "I'm glad that you got to talk to him. It's the only way I have of keeping up with how he's doing. I've talked to him maybe three times since he left." "He's got a lot going on. He has three papers due by next week and he's working and he has that club that he joined," Bella explained. "What club?" Alice asked. "It's for future scientist and doctors..." "Stop, I don't need to hear anymore. It sounds boring," Alice said cutting Bella off. Alice may be Edward's twin by they were nothing alike. Alice was a sociable fashionista who made friends easily while Edward was more comfortable in small crowds and preferred studying over going shopping. The three of them made their way through the halls coming to grips with the fact that not only would Edward not be joining them but Emmett had graduated the previous year and was now settling in at college. Alice was taking being the only Cullen at Forks High better than Bella would have. She had always wanted siblings and when she had met Edwards family she had found the comradery that she had been missing. Bella left them at Jasper's locker to go find her first class. It was in the new wing that had opened up that year and she wanted to find her class as quickly as possible. She was looking down at the map that had come with her schedule when she collided with someone. Her book bag slid off her shoulder and fell to the floor with a soft thud. "Watch it!" The person warned before walking around her. "Sorry," she apologized quickly. Bella looked over her shoulder as she leaned down to pick up her bag. The voice had belonged to Jared Miller, someone who was almost as short as she was, it was no wonder she hadn't seen him. Jared wasn't a bad guy, he just tended to let his mouth get the best of him because he said whatever was on his mind. He continued down the hall with three of his friends, all three of them toward over him even though he was almost two years older than they were. Quil Ateara, Embry Call and Jacob Black all lived in La Push with Jared and had been going to school in Forks for the past five years since the only school in La Push had burned down and there hadn't been enough money to build a new one. Bella continued to watch them and before they turned a corner she thought she saw Jacob cast one last look at her. She and Jacob had been friends when they were younger but once she entered middle school their friendship had fizzled out. Her dad, Charlie and his dad, Billy had been best friends since before Bella had been born and it had taken them both a long time to come to terms that Bella and Jacob were no longer speaking. She couldn't even remember what had happened to put a rift between them. Bella's phone buzzed in her pocket as she found her classroom a few minutes later. She was the first one there and while there was a rule against phones being used during class most teachers tended to look the other way if the students used them before class. She pulled her phone out of her pocket before sitting down once she had found her seat. She would be sitting behind Jessica Stanley, again. She was really cursing her luck that their names fell together in the alphabetical order of things. She and Jessica had been friends before Mike Newton had made his feelings for Bella known and even though she had thwarted his advances Jessica seemed to think that she held a huge flaming torch for him. She slid her finger over her phone to wake it up then went through her texts to find one from her dad. You were supposed to wake me up so I could give you your birthday present. We'll do something this weekend. Happy Birthday, kiddo. She smiled as she exited out of the message and saw one from her mom that she had missed while she was in the shower. It was short, direct and to the point explaining that her birthday present would be arriving that day or the next. She hadn't wanted anyone to make a big deal out of her birthday and she was thankful that Alice had listened when told her that she didn't want to do anything or to make a big scene. The two minute warning bell rang and and the classroom was soon full. Bella put her phone in her bag and smiled at Jessica as she passed back the class syllabus. Jessica smiled back feebly, mouthing 'happy birthday' before turning to face the front of the room again. Maybe