Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the make believe characters mentioned in this story. AN: I think I've written about every holiday except Halloween. When I was a little girl I didn't celebrate the holiday the way most people did and as I got older I had to have my costume approved by my very strict, very Christian mother. Now that I'm older I appreciate the day a little better, but it's still not my favorite holiday. Warning: This story contains a same sex couple. If you don't like that kind of thing than I am not going to force you to read it and I completely understand. That being said I should warn you that all hate mail will be laughed at, mocked, and then deleted. Halloween had never been an important holiday for Bella Swan. It was the one night of the year that her dad would lecture of the dangers of taking candy from strangers and being weary of people who wanted her to get into their car. Not that it couldn't happen any other night of the year but in Forks Washington doctors visits pertaining to food poisoning and abductions tended to spike in the few days after Halloween. She had been Punky Brewster for five years straight because her mom had thought that she looked just like her as a kid. Now that she was older she didn't think that the TV character would work. The only reason adults threw Halloween parties was so that they had another excuse to get drunk. She wasn't much of a drinker so she had bowed out of her best friend Emmett's notorious keggers the last couple of years. This year he had been a little more persistent. "Come on, Bells, you have to come," he pleaded. "Actually, I don't Em," she corrected him "Do you have anything else planned?" "I was going spend the night watching TV and handing out candy." "So in other words it's going to be you, Thor, Captain America, a bowl of M&M's and a bunch of screaming meanies," he said in sarcasm. "For your information I'm giving out Reese's Cups and I'm throwing The Avengers into the mix this year," she said with her hands on her hips. "I'll gladly take the Reese's Cups off your hands and you can ogle over Chris Hemsworth and Chris Evans some other night," he said pointedly. "Why is it so important that I come?" she asked with an exasperated sigh. "Because Paul's invited a bunch of his friends and plus, Alice and Jazz are coming." Emmett and Paul had only been dating a couple of months. Paul worked odd hours as one of Seattle's finest. Bella had talked to him numerous times on the phone but had yet to met him and if she didn't go to Emmett's party he would hold it over her head until the day she died. She growled in aggravation before agreeing that she would go. Emmett picked her up off the ground, spinning her around as he laughed. She was dizzy and seeing three of everything by the time he put her down. She didn't know why but she felt that her life was about to change. XXXX Bella had put off buying a costume until the day before Halloween. She knew what she wanted but finding what she wanted was another question. She'd brought Alice along since Alice needed to pick up the costume that she had rented. They had gone to three different stores looking for what she wanted. They had been at this particular store for half an hour and she'd combed through every single rack when the realization that she wasn't going to find what she wanted smacked her in the face. "What exactly are we looking for?" Alice asked from the end of the aisle. "I was thinking of going as Katniss Everdeen." "You've got a white t-shirt and a pair of jeans and those boots that you have would be perfect, you can even borrow my brown leather jacket and there you go." "I wanted to wear what she wore during the games," Bella said with a shake of her head. "I have an idea," Alice said, her eyes alight with mischief. "I don't like that look, it never means anything good," Bella said with trepidation. "Let's go," Alice said pulling her out of the store by the hand. The ten minute drive to Bella's apartment was spent with her trying to pry what Alice had planned out of her. Alice brushed her off each time and once they were at her apartment Alice headed to her bedroom. "What are you looking for?" Bella asked as Alice rummaged through her dresser. "Found it," Alice announced pulling a black form fitting tank top out of the top drawer. The bottom drawer was opened next and clothes were strone across the floor in Alice's wake. She left the mess on the floor as she opened the middle drawer. When she didn't find what she was looking for she went to the closet. "Will you tell me what you're looking for before you trash my room?" "Do you still have those black lycra short shorts?" "The ones that Jasper says show off my ass but yet you can never wear because you don't have one?" "Yes, those," Alice said shooting her a dark look. "Top of the closet, in the Edward box," Bella said with a sigh. "What are they doing in there?" "Jasper wasn't the only one who liked them. Plus, Edward bought them for me," Bella explained as she flopped down onto the bed. "We're going to find you a man tomorrow night so you can get over his stuck up, pale ass," Alice said with a deep sigh. Bella had been with Edward for nearly two years when she found out that he was cheating on her with Jasper's cousin Rosalie. The three months since they had broken up had been lonely for her. It hadn't made things easier when Alice had shown her their wedding announcement two weeks ago. He had moved on, why couldn't she? Emmett had called her seething the other day because Edward had had the nerve to send him a wedding invitation. Her friends were supportive, she could always count on them to stand by her through thick and thin. "Who am I supposed to be exactly?" "You are gonna be Lara Croft once we get you some thigh holsters. I know just where to get them too," Alice said, tapping her finger on her chin. "Does this involve a trip to the sex store?" Bella asked, her voice devoid of emotion. "Yes, it does," Alice said with an evil smile. "Have fun, because I'm not going." "Don't be such a prude. I have to pick up enough condoms to fill my basket anyway so we're killing two birds with one stone." Bella sighed knowing that resistance was futile. "I have one question. Who's Lara Croft?" "She is every gamers wet dream." "She's from a friggin' video game?" Bella asked, whining. "Yes, she is; and believe it or not you could pass for Angelina Jolie who played her in the movies." "Thanks," She mumbled. Leave it to Alice to compliment her when she least expected it. Bella was probably going to regret this but at least she would have fun with her friends so she could always drag them down with her. XXXX "Why are we going again?" Jacob asked. "Because Paul's been on our backs about coming to see him for weeks. It's only one night, suck it up," Quil told him. "Easy for you to say. You took the cheaters way out. Freakin' zombie, I oughta beat your ass," Embry said to Quil, muttering the last sentence under his breath. "Aww shut up before a douse you with holy water," Quil quipped. "That's not gonna work stupid," Embry said with a eye roll. "You do realize that he's not really Dracula, right?" Jacob asked Quil. "Shut up Batman," they both said at the same time. "You two are imbeciles, I give up," Jacob said with a sigh. He could think of a better way of spending his night than hanging out with Paul Miller. He barely tolerated the guy but he'd been nice to him because his parents had raised him to kill people with kindness and to not hold grudges. He would put his dislike for Paul aside for the night since he didn't have any other plans. At least he'd be getting free beer out of it. Jacob adjusted his mask one last time before deciding that he wasn't going to get it any straighter than it already was. Embry had wanted him to go as Frankenstein or a werewolf so that the three of them could go as different characters from the black and white horror movies that they'd watched as kids but Jacob had reneged because making him go as Frankenstein was demeaning. Just because he was the tallest of the three of them and was more filled out that didn't automatically make him a freak of nature. The three of them got surprisingly very few odd looks and a couple of people had even asked Embry to bite them and one person had asked Jacob if he was looking for a sex slave. Embry being Embry had gladly stopped for pictures while Jacob had ignored the teenage girl who gave him a sultry look after offering him her services. They had chosen to walk since Embry lived only two blocks from Paul. As they neared the house they could see that people had already started to show up. Jacob was already thinking of a excuse that he could use to make a quick exit. XXXX Bella had to admit that her costume was fairly simple even if it wasn't something that she would have chosen. Her thigh holsters were in a bag at her feet because she didn't want to put them on until she got out of the car. Alice had bought her a pair of black calf high boots with a small heel which Bella felt comfortable with. Her hair was in a tight french braid with only a few long tendrils framing the left side of her face. Jasper and Alice talked in the front seat idly but Bella tuned them out. The feeling that something would happen tonight was back again and she had yet to figure out why she was so nervous. They pulled up to the small bungalow style house and the back yard was crowded with people enjoying themselves. Alice pulled the hood of her short red cape over her head and grabbed her basket from the trunk before following Jasper and Bella up the walkway. She got a few wolf howls which caused Jasper to roll his eyes in amusement. Yes, Alice was dressed as a sexed up Red Riding Hood but the least people could do was be more creative. Jasper pulled off the Green Lantern look even better than Ryan Reynolds had. His blonde hair was a tousled mess but it worked for him and his blue eyes were kind behind his mask. He had even been able to find a ring like the one from the comic books and movie. Bella knocked on the door and Emmett opened it half a minute later. "Who are you supposed to be? Barbarella?" he asked Bella. "My costume isn't complete. I need to use your room to finish getting ready." "But who are you?" "She's Tomb Raider," Jasper answered. "For real?" Emmett asked in astonishment. "You can thank me later," Alice said kissing both his cheeks in greeting. Bella attached the thigh holsters with little problems and slid the toy guns into place to round out her outfit. She took a look at herself in the mirror attached to the back of Emmett's closet and she decided that she didn't look