When Zeus did something stupid again Summary: Piper and Jason have been having trouble communicating with each other and soon as everything is going well the gods-more specifically Zeus does something stupid and it's up to the demigods to fix it. Piper is always worried because Jason seems so distant all the time, especially around Reyna. She really wants to talk about this with Jason but he always shrugs it off saying that she is just a really good friend. Piper was so lost in her thoughts that she didn't notice when Jason came and sat beside her. "You okay, Pipes?" He asked. "You look like you're gonna be sick." Piper jumped "Oh hey! Sorry didn't notice you! Sorry and please don't scare me like that!" "No need to apologize so much, Pipes," he said with a small chuckle. Piper smiled "So, what's new?" "Well Reyna and l had a sword match and I won! Can u believe that?!" Jason exclaimed. "Oh. That's nice." piper sighed. "oh, that's nice. " Jason mimics. Piper bushes and says,"doesn't sound like reality, does it?" Jason frowned "Piper you alright? " "Yeah I guess..." She lied. "You don't look okay! You can tell me! Come on don't you trust me?" He looked really sad. Piper looked hurt, "how could you think other wise, Jason? Of course I trust you." "Then tell me what's wrong Piper! " Jason exclaimed. "I..don't know. There are a lot of things going on at the same time...it's such a blur...at times I feel completely shattered and useless. I don't know what I am all about because of that quest!" Piper said defeated. "Piper you are not useless! You are an amazing person!" and Jason kissed her. "How do you know?! Half the time you are with Reyna! Sometimes I feel that you don't even care about me! Why do you have to act so distant!" Piper was yelling but their was hurt in her voice as if she was finally taking out all the worries in her she stormed off. "Piper wait!" Jason shouted. But she was already gone. "I-I'm sorry..." A tear trickle down his face. "What did I do?!" Jason kept muttering to himself. Piper had earlier tried to talk to him about Reyna but he had just brushed it off saying that she was just a friend. She was just a friend but to Piper it didn't look like didn't know that Piper felt so lonely. Now he wanted to kill himself for giving her so much of pain he could not stop the tears that were continuously flowing from his eyes. After what it seemed like a decade, Piper entered his room only to see him weeping like a baby. It surprised her. ''Oh Jason," she tried to smile, "don't take it on heart.'' Jason looked up, "what do you mean?" Piper smiled, "I was silly. I should have known that it's not just difficult for me. I understand that it is awkward for you too. It's just that this quest has really been the test of our patience. But we are a team, okay? We are never, ever going to doubt each other." "B-but I failed you. You did everything for this relationship and I always destroyed everything. I failed you... " Jason was trying really hard to keep his voice from breaking into sobs. "No one failed me, Sparky," Piper spoke with a little charmspeak to make Jason okay, "it was a quest, and we are going to make things alright. We all are together and nobody can break our relationship. As for Reyna..." her voice flattered, and she spoke more consciously now, "I'm sure she has figured it out and understands you are just friends with her, right?" "I. yeah" Jason said hesitant. "You see?" Piper told him."Everything's gonna be alright." She lifted his head up so that he was looking at her and planted a kiss on his lips. "I love you Piper" "I love you too Jason." Piper replied smiling. Jason smiled back. "So what do you wanna do?" Piper asked Jason. "Um we could go somewhere away from camp?" Jason suggested. "My place?" Piper asked. "Yeah sure" Jason responded. "Infact we can also stay for a week," Piper said then she quickly added "only if you are okay with it. " "Seems like a good idea!" Jason smiled. jason and piper fly to piper's place. "Maybe next time we can take a taxi like normal people! " Piper joked "As you wish!" Jason smiled and kissed her. "do you want to watch a movie?" piper asks. "Yeah sure!" "Ok! What movie? We own a lot of them!" Piper exclaimed. "Ummmm...your favorite!" "I have a lot of favorites. action, comedy or romance?" Piper asked smiling. "hmmm, what about action?" Jason offered. "Avengers it is!" She giggled. They sit down on the sofa in each others movie starts and Piper grabs a blanket. "What are you doing!? It's freaking summer!" Jason exclaims. "Your soul is making me cold." Piper jokes while cracking up. "Haha the A.C. is messed up in the house and I'm too lazy to grab my sweatshirt. " "Oh..OH NO PIPER! I MISSED LOKI'S ENTRY!" Jason wailed. Piper just laughed " Yeah Loki's entry is more important than talking to your girlfriend" and she smacked his arm. "Give me the remote so I can rewind." Jason said. Piper rolled her eyes and said "here" as she handed him the remote. ~After 30 mins~ "I am hungry!" Piper said. "Well, I think I saw some Munchies in that drawer. " said Jason. "I don't like munchies, those are my dad's. It's past lunch time and I need some proper food!" Piper said. "Well it's your house..." Jason replied not taking his eyes off the television. "So I am starving to death but you would rather watch television. Best. Boyfriend. Ever." Piper replied. "Just order some Chinese take out. " Jason reasoned. "Go away! "Piper said and stormed out of the room. Jason has a confused look on his face, before realizing what just happened "Piper! Wait! I'm sorry!" Jason exclaimed while running out the room in the same direction as saw Piper in the kitchen. "Piper! I am sorry!" "The movie is over?!" Piper asked "You are more important than the movie!" Jason replied. "Well I am so sorry you had to sacrifice your movie for me!" Piper said sarcastically. "Are you even listening to what I'm saying?" Jason asked frustrated."Come on Piper I said I'm sorry. You're right. Let's do something else. " Jason said. "FOOOOOD!" Piper shouted. "I get it. You go and get fresh, I will fix something up." Jason said. "You will? You know how to cook?" Piper looked at him suspiciously. "I know how to survive!" Jason replied. Piper smirked "Just try not to destroy my kitchen!"and she kissed his cheek. As Piper left the room Jason kept thinking to himself i will never completely understand women. Jason started searching for easy and quick looked at the recipe book and saw Chicken Alfredo and pasta. this isn't to hard he thought, he checked the kitchen again, and all the ingredients to make it are here he thought again. He got to work making the food. "Piper! Dinner is done!" Jason called. "It's 4:00 pm!" Piper called back. "Fine late lunch/early dinner if you will" Jason replied smirking. Piper entered the kitchen hesitantly. "Whats that burning smell" said Piper. "Jason, what have you done. " "Pipes don't look at the kitchen. Try this! " Jason said. Piper tasted it eating slowly her eyes went wide "Jason this is amazing! You are an amazing cook!" Jason just grinned "I told you. Now you eat and let me clean the kitchen." "No let's finish this then we can clean it together. " "Ok if you insist." Jason smirked. Piper smiled. They eat dinner together and laugh and then clean up. The clean up takes 3/4 hours because they keep joking around. "Jeez it's late we should go to sleep." Piper said while yawning. "Yeah we should. " Jason agreed. They walked towards Piper's room. "Um, Piper are we um... like going to sleep together?" Jason asked hoping he was not blushing but seeing Piper smile he knew he was more bright than any tomato in this world. "You're okay with that right?" Piper asked even though she knew Jason was perfectly fine with it. she loved when Jason was shy and awkward, she loved everything about him. Jason gave her a big smile and a bigger hug "Okay? This is great!"and he kissed her. Piper kissed back, and then pulled away to look at him before taking his hand. "Jason I love you." she said and started kissing him again. Jason lifted her up Piper let out a laugh. "I love you too!" He replied. Jason carried Piper into her room, laid her down on her bed and started kissing her again. "Come here" piper said to Jason as she pulled him onto the bed. Jason lay down beside her. "So.." Piper started "what's your plan?" "What? I don't understand." Jason said completely confused and a little caught off guard. "I mean like now that the war is over and summer is almost done. What do you plan on?" Piper giggled "Oh, I was thinking about either staying full time at camp or going to school in New York." Jason responded "what about you?" "Oh cool. My dad was thinking of enrolling me in an acting school," Piper sighed "I must be the first child of Aphrodite who hates the spotlight!" "Hey! You are smarter, stronger, better and more level headed than any child of Aphrodite I have ever known!" Jason responded. "You think so?" "I KNOW so!"he said thrilled and then Piper kissed him. "Though I am gonna have a hard time explaining it to my dad" piper said sadly "sometimes I am scared of his expectations you know!" "Sorry but I don't know. I grew up raising my self. But I do know its hard to tell people you care about something that you don't know their reaction will be." Jason said looking gloom. "Jason don't do this to yourself. That's the past and I know it's hard to forget that but you have people who are here to help you now. You're not alone" Piper said trying to cheer him up. "I love you so much, so what do you want to plan on, not what your dad wants. " Jason said with hinted smile. "Maybe that's the problem you know! I don't know what do I like to do. All my life I was busy in trying to get my dad's attention. I never tried to understand my interests" Piper stopped for a while and then continued "Infact sometimes I don't even like going to camp I feel so out of place with my siblings." "That just means you have character and aren't a brat like the rest of your siblings." Jason replied. "And I don't know if you realized this but you are really good at drawing, maybe you could go into an art career." He continued. "I'm just average!" Piper stated. "No you're not Piper! Stop putting yourself down. If you were an average Aphrodite daughter you would be catty and snobby and not care about others as much. You are one of kind. And I'm so lucky to have you in my life. " Jason said while pulling Piper into a tight hug. Piper laughed "Love you too!" Jason frowned " but I did not say that I love you" "Jason Grace! " Piper playfully pushed him away. Jason again tried to tackle her in a big hug but she escaped. "Not so easy sparky!" Piper said smiling mischievously. "Oh yeah?!" Piper went close to Jason so that their foreheads were touching she put one hand on his neck and the other on his chest. " Oh yeah!" saying this