Title: The Simple Way of Poison Author/pseudonym: black fungi Email address: Rating: R Pairings: Aragorn/Legolas, Aragorn/Arwen, Legolas, Manwë/Melkor, Manwë/Varda Status: In-Progress Date: 06/30/06 (update) Archive: Yes Archive author: Archive email address: Series/Sequel: Category: Angst, Drama, First Times, Unresolved Sexual Tension Author's website: Disclaimers: My name is not Tolkien, and I am not channeling his spirit. I claim only authorship of this story, which is written simply for mindless entertainment... STRICTLY a non-profit endeavor. Notes: Do note the following for easier reading: ...words... - Indicates words are stressed (bold) ...words... - Indicates unspoken thoughts (italics) ...words... - Indicates mind-speak (underlined) ff dot net unfortunately does not accept asterisks, double slashes or square brackets for the above respective indicants. Bummer... Summary: Illúvatar has a weird sense of humor; His Valar are not amused, and neither are His Children. Warnings: Incest, Rape/Non-con, Silmarillion-referenced, Slash -------------------------------------------------------- ACT I: The Beginning is Half the Whole "Each time we love, We turn a nearer and a broader mark To that keen archer, Sorrow, and he strikes." -- Alexander Smith (1830-1867) -- "'Tis a terrible thing; one they calleth love." Startled from her quiet reflections, the lithe figure by the window spun to confront the speaker; silver, long tresses swept wildly about her pale, drawn face. Panic and fear momentarily flashed in her eyes, then replaced by anger and shame having caught unaware at her time of weakness. She raised her left hand to brush from her eyes the strange wetness that was making paths down her cheeks while her right was raised in a manner similar to one warding off potential attacks that might cause harm to her person. And that the fact that that hand now held an ominous glow, hinted that the owner felt threatened enough to brace herself and actually call upon her powers. Now the gesture was not lost on the said speaker, but he read it as unnecessary as it was curious, for here in the land of infinite peace, one does not need to parry or fight any Evils. Here in Valinor, here in Taniquetil, there is no Evil. He thought to move towards her to apologize and, with it, extend a measure of comfort and warm assurance that it was not his heart's intent to intrude on her solitude or upset her with his bold appearance in her private chamber. Yet instinct advised him otherwise, and so he stayed in the shadows, allowing a slight dip of his head to convey his silent regret. Only after discerning the identity of the intruder, did she allow herself to relax; the regal composure befitting her status returned. Then, in a tone plainly revealed her displeasure, she spoke: " Thou wouldst bring such perversity to lofty heights, my friend." "There is love, and there is love ." He shrugged helplessly as if they explained everything. How so convenient, she bit back the acid in her words fueled more by fear for failing to keep her already raw emotions well in check in front of him. Slowly, she unclenched her fists, not realizing when she had them in a tight grip; her nails already digging sharply into her palms. Taking a deep, shuddering breath, she fought to center herself and expelled a low puff before continuing, "The love thou speaketh hath no place here." "Love heeds no rule; it cares little for time or place for the heart hath its reasons that reasons canst not understand." A small teasing smile tugged at those perfect lips in answer, and to her absolute chagrin, the well-deserved anger that was steadily building up inside her was suddenly and plainly displaced. It had never fail to amaze her how a simple smile could transform the face before her. His facial expression was usually one of quiet thoughtfulness, and it was rare (if ever) that it would shift severely to that of fury, passion, joy or grief for it was known he felt and cared for nothing. In their esteemed circle of fourteen (discounting Melkor), he was the least likely to be swayed by emotions, be they true or false; instead he turned to his stanch faith in the bare cold facts and good sense. He could always be counted on to lend a firm voice of reason and wisdom to those who seek it, and his rational and sagacious view of things to be had influenced their many decisions in the matters of Arda - even though he cared little to attend any councils of the Valar. It was his inability to feel that gave him his strength, to keep a cool head in the midst of chaos and to speak his views, true to the truths. He was cruel as he was just in his judgments, and for a time, he thought his services were enough to keep the land in fair harmony. But his mind did not stayed idle in content for he later learnt that his strength was also his weakness, evident in his failure to connect well with others, and he knew far too well how it could present an opportunity to darker beings who would use this against all that was good if only he'd let them. That he now chose to wear a smile on his face was a reflexive response at best - learned, not ingrained by nature. It was a poor mimicry of emotions not quite understood or embraced but methodologically calculated on its appropriateness of the situation in assisting to draw a more advantageous and yet agreeable position. With one of his simple smiles, he must have deduced earlier on that more would be receptive to his inquisitiveness when put at ease and thus, indirectly helped him in his cause for unity amongst the Eldar and the Valar. And so he taught himself to smile and laugh where it was expected of him and shunned all mannerisms that prompted ill feelings. Sad really. She knew he would have been a gifted student if only his emoting had been heartfelt and sincere. Alas, it was outside his ambition, as it was with his lack of hunger to pound that into an unfair advantage and make himself lord over them; he too could have been a more powerful master if only he realized the physical and emotional effect he had on those around him... Aye, love indeed is power; he hath a way so to control, to rapture imprisoned souls, she lamented. For all his wisdom, he cannot understand why many (Elves and Maiar alike) had fawned over his person, and while it had first alarmed him into thinking that the occupants of Valinor may be in dire need of a healer (an utterly preposterous thought that could have only came to him in somewhat panicked confusion), he had calmly accepted and attributed this curious behavior to be yet another oddity that separated him from the others after having no other reason that he could pacify his mind with. She had seen how the Firstborn literally falling at his feet as they tried to win his undivided affections and how he forever remained oblivious to their advances. A fool! Oh, for half his wisdom, even she could understand why her own husband would stray - For one who was most reluctant to assume a fana, he was achingly beautiful in body and even lovelier in spirit, and incredibly and stupidly naïve. While his famed beauty drew them close like moth to flame (for the light of Ilúvatar too never left his face), it was that devilling innocence of his that unwittingly drove the multitudes right onto the palm of his hand. Pure, untainted and untried, he extruded an air of vulnerability that wrenched from one a feeling of over-protectiveness over his person. One could easily forget that he was one of the more powerful Valar and he needed no protector. Ulmo, Lord of Waters and King of the Sea, needed no one. Period. Yet it did not stop them from pledging their never-ending love and their feä to him or making complete fools out of themselves, and she found a long time ago in disgust that she too was not altogether immune to his unsuspecting charm. Looking at him now hurt her. Great shame trickled in as she remembered how strongly she had desired him before she had her heart sworn to her husband and how the fool had flippantly rebuffed her love, claiming she would never find happiness with anyone she seek to possess: least of all him. But he had let her down gently enough, as gently as he could she supposed for someone whose unbeating heart was carved out in mithril. He bluntly confessed his apparent lack of knowledge to make a life happy for her and his concern that she would one day be overcome by bitterness and resentment for allowing herself to be led blind by notions of love. Of the most ungrateful creature, he had the audacity to refuse her love! Looking at him hurt her most and how her ears burned at his patronizing words of reason and wisdom, rolling smoothly off from his tongue; both she need not nor want. It was his reason and wisdom , his belief that they undermined all else, that had cost her her love. "Thy prattle wears my patience thin. Speak thy will, then leave me to my solitude." With that, she turned away and looked back out the window; her sight reluctantly returned to the scene below that had caught her attention before she was rudely interrupted. Eru, she learnt, was not above playing cruel tricks on the Valar. She had turned her eyes away from Ulmo to escape the torment of his beauty and undisguised innocence, to protect her heart, only to have her eyes assaulted and scorched by an abomination of an unnatural and repulsive act below, and her heart shattered into million pieces again. When the absurdity of her predicament finally struck her, she let out a strangled laugh. They were still there, lying in the gardens, limbs twined around sweaty bodies glistening in moonlight. Moving to a rhythm only they could hear, their hips grated against the other, slamming mercilessly with each thrust. The momentum quickened to an almost maddening pace. It was not before long that each succumbed to the final throes of passion, and they lay sated and unmoving, one atop the other. Dare he presume to scorn Us in this manner! It choked her to see him flaunt how he brought him to his knees, how the mighty King of Arda surrendered to his partner's perverted passion, in all adoring childlike trust. He trusts thee ! Off! Get away now, whore! Shock jolted her out of her rage when one of the bodies moved as if in response to her mental anguish, and she stood silent and unbelieving she had screamed those words aloud. The darker of the two turned his sight upwards, trying to catch the hidden eyes of whom he knew was watching, and as he did, his lips curled into a cruel smile, taunting her. Straightening his arms, he lifted away from his partner. His actions had caused some distress to the latter, and he immediately remedied it with butterfly kisses on the trembling flesh while making his way down, stopping just above the groin level. He hovered for a few seconds and in a deliberate show, shamelessly engulfed the flaccid member, eliciting a throaty moan from his partner. Oh, his black, black heart sniggered victoriously. Off! He is mine ! she screamed again as the last restraint on her temper failed and broke loose. Ruthlessly she pushed her thoughts past his mental barriers, giving absolutely no concern how those barriers protested against her violent intrusion and how it must have hurt him when they were forcibly torn down. If anything, she relished the thought of inflicting pain to that insufferable beast. If thou hurt him-- --Then naught thou canst do. He lovest me, as