Shifted Dreams Ch1 AN: This is Porn with a Plot. It's a very big plot, and I have high expectations, but still. It may garner much disapproval simply for the sexual content. You have been sufficiently warned. The Order of the Void, comprised of the Nine Overseers, is in this story. It is used in a few of my stories as a plot device, and I think I use it effectively. Please respect it as what it is: not a multi-crossover, but a single element inspired by many sources. Alert: The above is (future) copy-paste. This is actually my first released story starring the Overseer Court, although it is not the first attempted story with them in it. Also, something I will make clear in all my Harry Potter stories: The money system. The exchange rates between Muggle and magical are ridiculous, and I try to stay away from it. However, to give you some perspective on how the magicals view gold in my universes, let's just assume that, to them, something that costs one gold Galleon would cost about five Great British pounds. If using the current world rates, that's about seven to eight American dollars. It's not exact, but it gives you an idea. Please remember that there are 29 Knuts to a Sickle, 17 Sickles to a Galleon. Like I said, shit's bonkers. Alert: The above is (future) copy-paste. It will be put in each of my Harry Potter fics that are released, as this is the first. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, or any of the fictional worlds that the Nine are derived from. They all belong to their respective owners, both creative and financial. I do, however, own the idea of bringing them together as a universal, cross-dimentional Overseer Court for each of the many realities. So fuck yeah, I'm awesome. ~(HJN)~ The Void; Between Books Four and Five; Somewhat Harry Potter: Hot. Burning. Pain. Oh, the pain. It had only lasted a moment, but what a moment it had been! Harry had been about to begin cooking dinner when Aunt Petunia called him into the next room to help her lift her sewing machine that she had dropped. When Harry had come back to the stove, Dudley had already turned the gas on, hoping to get good points for doing something Harry seemed to have forgotten, and Harry had no chance to stop the inferno when he went to light the burners. The cleaning chemicals Aunt Petunia always used and Harry's own startled burst of raw magic didn't help, either. He felt nothing now, only reliving the memories. He was dead, he knew that. Harry Potter had died at Number Four, Privet Drive on July the thirty-first in 1995 in a massive explosion, and there was nothing anyone could do about it. What a birthday, he thought dully. His own consciousness wasn't dying or moving on, just sitting in this dark void. Alone. With his memories. That in itself had Harry confused. Was this all there was after death? Just your own memories? Was this where Cedric had gone? His parents? If Voldemort knew, then Harry could understand why the man was so stubborn about dying. Harry's disembodied spirit resigned himself to his fate, and returned to watching his life play out. No one was going to save him, this time. "Don't be so sure about that!" Temple of the Nine, the Void; Between Books Four and Five; Somewhat Harry Potter: Harry, if he still had a face and body, would have spun around and displayed a surprised expression. However, instead he simply willed his observation to focus on where the voice came from. As he did, he suddenly found himself.. well, under trial was the only way to describe it. His existence was contained in a round platform with a railing going around it, and in front of him were nine people he had never seen before sitting behind a curved desk on very high chairs. He couldn't speak, but still tried to ask where he was. The voice from before spoke again, which came from the man on the far right. He had reddish hair and a scraggly beard that were both showing heavy signs of graying. He had on black robes with a rope going from his left shoulder to his right hip, disappearing under the table. "You are in the only existing place in the Void: the Temple of the Nine. I am Merlin of the Ancients, Ninth Officer to the Order of the Void." Had Harry been able, he would have appeared gob smacked that he had just met Merlin. Instead, he simply projected the feeling through the room. The man in the center had bright golden hair, red eyes with slitted pupils like a cat, and his yellowish skin seemed to have thin little scales everywhere. He was not wearing a shirt, and the desk obscured the rest of him. "I am Akatosh of the Aedra, First Officer to the Order of the Void, Supreme Lord of the Overseer Court. You have been called here because your death was not meant to happen. It was too early, and under circumstances that would cause your realm to crumble in the future. We have therefore ruled that you shall be sent back to prevent this from happening." "Unfortunately," said a new, female voice, "Your body was incinerated in the explosion, which means we can't take the easy way and just put you back into it. We'll have to build you a new body, and since Harry Potter will be declared dead, it can't be that body. You'll need a new identity. Come up with one and we will handle the rest." This woman was the third from the left, and she, too, was not wearing anything on her torso. She was beautiful, with straight blonde hair and a cute face. Her breasts were just on the large side, appearing quite beautiful to Harry. "Hi, I am Venus of the Romans, Fourth Officer to the Order of the Void." Harry was glad he didn't currently have a body, or he would have been quite embarrassed. What they had said was beginning to sink in to him. For whatever reason, he had to come back to life, but couldn't do so in his own body. He needed a new life, and that just threw him for a loop. Who did he want to be? He had only ever been Harry Potter; he didn't know how to be anyone else! Merlin spoke again. "There is the matter of time, here. We must send him back quickly, lest the Void realize his presence and invade these halls." Harry tried to think quicker, and a whole slew of forms he could take went through his mind. He could be tall, he could be strong, his skin could be dark, he could have blonde hair! He could even be a girl if he wanted to, and with that a whole new set of images and combinations went buzzing through him. The man with short, dark hair in battle armor scoffed impatiently. "Oh just make him a shapeshifter or something! We can pick a random appearance from his indecisive mind until he chooses for himself a more permanent form! Being a shifter might even allow the goblins of his world help him. Less work for us, at least!" Venus stood, revealing that she did indeed have something around her lower body, although it seemed to be a white sheet that was tied around her waist. "I don't normally agree with Aries, but I second his proposal! The boy doesn't have the time nor the environment to choose right now." Akatosh looked about at his fellows. "All in favor of allowing this soul to enter the body of a shapeshifter?" Unanimously, every voice cried out, "Aye!" Akatosh looked down at where Harry's perspective seemed to be viewing from. "Magical core of Harry James Potter, is the body of a shapeshifter agreeable to you?" Harry made a kind of thankful pulse of emotion flood the room in response. "Very well. You will be sent into a newly assembled body with the powers of a shapeshifter. Tom Marvolo Riddle must be killed, and must not be allowed to return again. This is your task, magical core of Harry James Potter. It must be completed, or all hope for your world is lost." Merlin stood just as Akatosh did. "First Officer! One of us should accompany him as a spirit over a probationary period! If I could help him with-" Akatosh cut him off. "No. If you go with it, things will not follow their intended route." "What about visits, then? He is still only a boy, and is no doubt running purely on instinct right now with all that has happened!" "Even if I allowed that, you would still cause too much of a ripple in its future, Nine." "What if I visited him?" said Venus. All heads turned to her, startled. She smiled. "I'm sure that Merlin is right, and that the boy will need psychological help at the very least. Akatosh, you may not want to let Merlin back, but I have never caused as much of a stir as he has." The First Officer seemed conflicted for a moment before nodding. "Fine. Venus will be allowed to visit the new shapeshifter if it wishes. But what it does up until it has chosen a more permanent form must not be tampered with, is that clear Fourth Officer?" Venus nodded, smiling widely. "I understand Supreme Lord." She turned to Harry and winked. "See you soon." Akatosh turned to Harry as well, and clapped his hands together, hard. The pedestal below him lit up, and without any other fanfare or theatrics, Harry woke up as.. not Harry. Leaky Cauldron Ground Floor Lavatory, London; August the First, 1995; The Shifter Formerly Known as Harry: The first thing that happened was that not-Harry woke up standing in the middle of a low-class bathroom. The second thing was that not-Harry, not prepared to have legs again, collapsed onto the floor of said low-class bathroom. Working himself back to his feet, not-Harry checked his surroundings. A mirror told him his hair was brown, and a bit shorter. He himself was also shorter, and his eyes were that dark brown that you often mistake as black. His face was rounder, more childlike, though he seemed more well-fed than before. Obviously, his scar and glasses were gone. He was also naked. Why in the blue hell they thought it was a good idea to leave him without clothes was beyond him, but his appearance told him that everything he remembered had happened. "A shapeshifter.. -!" he started, as his own voice scared him. Not only had he not heard it for what felt like ages, it wasn't even his! It was higher, for one. The rest that was different was just… different. How does one describe the finer points of what makes a voice? Not-Harry was letting himself get sidetracked, and focused on figuring out where he was. Even without a destination in mind, the middle of a bathroom naked was definitely not where he wanted to be. Checking the stalls, he found them empty, and he walked to the door carefully. Opening it slightly, he recognized the room beyond, but only barely. He had never seen the eatery area of the Leaky Cauldron from the bathroom door, before. Backing back into the bathroom, he took stock of everything he knew. One; he was naked. Two; he had been dead, but was reborn into this body. Three; he was naked. Four; and this was the cool bit, he was a shapeshifter! Five; he was naked. Six; he was in the Leaky Cauldron. Seven; HE WAS NAKED! Not-Harry stared at his reflection. He was plain. Very plain. He could sneak out without anyone noticing if he wasn't so DAMN NAKED. Pants, he decided. Even