This was written as a birthday surprise for Nicffwhisperer. I love you to pieces, Nic, and I hope you enjoy the beginning to this new little fic. Happiest of happy birthdays to you! Thanks to SusanQ, VampiresHaveLaws, iambeagle, and Stephanie for all of their help pre-reading/betaing for me. Also, a big thank you to Ange de L'aube for the awesome banner. I'm always tinkering until right before posting and any mistakes are mine. The Meeting " No! Don't let that door close!" Whoever it was must have been startled by my shrieking, because he fumbled around like an idiot, the door slamming shut behind him. I released a gust of air, both from frustration and panic. I'd been stuck in this storage closet for a little while now, and he'd ruined my chance of escape. But now, no longer was I just trapped... I was trapped with some stranger. In pitch black darkness. "Um... sorry. I didn't catch it in time." He was close. Too close. There wasn't a lot of space in here, and now I had to share. It seemed like the walls were collapsing in on me, and I concentrated on my breathing. And on feeling around for a possible weapon in my purse. Cash? Tissues? Lipstick? No. No. No. Could I knock him out by bashing him over the head with a tin of Altoids? Not likely. Damn. I had the worst luck ever. This was supposed to be a fun night of post-graduation celebration. A time for my normally-reserved self to let loose a little and have a good time—or as Rose put it, for my uptight ass to get wasted and party . We were supposed to be drinking and dancing at a new club in Manhattan; instead I had wandered into some remote closet I'd mistakenly thought was a bathroom. Who the hell has rooms that lock from the outside, and why couldn't I find a light switch? "Are you okay?" He had a nice voice, but he was right there . In my personal space. I backed away as far away as I could, until some shelves were biting into my body from behind, my hands clenched into fists at my sides. My adrenaline was pumping as I tried to remember to breathe. He could be a serial killer. Or a rapist. Or worse... a Republican . Like I didn't have enough of those in my life already. I reached for my phone again. Still no signal. Fuck my life. "Hey, calm down," he said, his voice soft. "I'm not going to hurt you." Famous last words. That's exactly what the villain would have said in a horror movie. Even my death was going to be lame, like Drew Barrymore in Scream. I would be easy pickings, and my part in this show would only be a brief cameo. "My name's Edward," he continued, obviously aware I was close to hyperventilating. Edward? Were there any criminals named Edward? "What's your name?" He was trying to make me more comfortable, and it helped. A little. "Isabella...er...Bella." I managed to get it out between gulps for air. "Nice to meet you, Bella." He cleared his throat and let out a chuckle. "Although not really in the best of circumstances." There was something about his voice. Something I couldn't quite pinpoint, but almost recognizable. Was it possible I knew him or had met him before? I racked my brain for any Edwards in my past, and stared at the vague silhouette of his body. My eyes had become accustomed to the dark, but I still couldn't see him. "Your... your voice sounds f-familiar," I stammered. He snorted. "Yeah, I get that a lot." The sounds of his feet shuffling made me gulp again. Was he coming closer? "You don't have to be scared. I'm sure we'll be found soon enough." Easy for him to say. But that reminded me. Where the hell was Rose and why wasn't she screaming in the halls looking for me? She was probably sucking face with some male model in a corner. I let out a hysterical laugh, thinking about the secondary purpose of our evening out. She'd wanted me to get out of my comfort zone and hook up with some "hottie". Put a little flavor into my bland—and about to get blander—life. How ironic was it that I was locked in the dark with a random stranger, but was in desperate need of a paper bag to breathe into? It was like a demented form of Seven Minutes in Heaven, involving adults and liquor. Thank God for those two vodka gimlets earlier, or I likely would have already passed out from my panic. It was clear I just wasn't cut out for the party lifestyle. "Can I try something?" he asked. "I promise I mean you no harm. I used to have anxiety attacks as a kid, and my mom would help me through them." That was sweet. He mentioned his mom and wanted to help. It almost convinced me he wasn't a murderer. Or maybe he was just trying to lull me into complacency before he strangled me. What in the world could he want to try? I was wary, but also tired, shaky, and achy from my body being so tense. I took a leap of faith and decided to trust him before I had a heart attack. "Uh... okay." "I'm coming closer," he said, my body bracing. "I just wanted to warn you. All I want to do is help." He moved slowly, eventually standing right in front of me, our bodies inches apart. It was so odd. I should have been scared out of my wits from agreeing to his advance, but the closer he got, the calmer I seemed to be. "I'm going to touch you. I promise I won't hurt you." I listened to him telling me exactly what he was doing, and his voice was very soothing, but I was focusing more on the other sensations flowing through me. His touch, his smell... everything about him was rather comforting. I felt safe. Secure. How was that possible? He pulled me against him, my head resting under his chin. "Feel my breathing and try to time yours with mine," he said, his hands lightly stroking my back. "In and out. That's it." He kept telling me over and over to breathe with him, but it was his touch that most distracted me from my claustrophobic fear. Each time his hands moved up and down my back, my skin broke out into a new round of goose bumps. The good kind. It was easy to forget my fear when the other feeling was so overwhelming. In fact, within minutes I was breathing fine and mostly relaxed. Maybe he had some kind of gift? "It worked, didn't it?" he asked eventually, keeping me locked against him. Strangely, I didn't feel trapped in his arms. I wanted to stay there. "Yes. Thank you." We both fell silent, although he made no move to back away from me. I was simultaneously happy and curious as to why. "Did you think this was a bathroom too?" He laughed. "Well, they didn't mark it very well out there. But I was more looking for a quiet place to escape for a few minutes." Escape? "Too loud for you out there?" "Something like that." Hmm... interesting. "Sorry I disturbed your quiet time. I'm sure the last thing you wanted to do was calm down some stranger." His hands slid down my back again, sending a shiver along my spine. "Nah, it was nice actually. I mean... nice for me , I guess." "Nice for you ?" I didn't understand what he meant. "Well..." He paused for a long time, and I began to wonder if he was regretting his nice comment. "I just meant that it's not often I get to take care of anybody else. It was nice. Especially considering you don't know who I am." I thought over his words, even more confused than before. But I didn't want to be pushy, so I let it drop. "I'm surprised nobody's found us yet. I hope Rose is okay." "I'm sure the troops will swoop in soon." He sounded almost disappointed, before changing the subject. "So Rose is who you came with tonight?" "Yeah. She's my best friend. We were out celebrating because we graduated from Columbia today." He squeezed me. "Congratulations. That's great." "Thanks." I tried not to think about how good it felt to be in his arms, knowing it would just lead to disappointment. "So... um, do you go to school around here?" Please don't let him be a 40-year-old creeper. "No. I never went to college." I tried not to be disappointed, but I kind of was. Not for any specific reason, but my mind immediately conjured images of him working at a gas station or a vending stand. Glamorous. I reminded myself it didn't matter anyway, and I shouldn't be such a bitchy snob. He'd been a completely nice guy, and it wasn't like I would ever see him again. As soon as I got out of this damn closet, I was grabbing Rose and going home. But in the meantime, I felt the need to make some sort of conversation while we waited for our rescue. Plus, it felt great to still be pressed against him. "So, no college. What do you do?" He didn't say anything, his arms around me slackening their grip. I didn't like that at all. I was about to change the subject when he finally answered. "I'm in the... uh, entertainment business." Stripper? Male escort? Rent-a-clown? I really hoped it wasn't the clown option. There was nothing scarier than a clown. Just as I was about to probe further, he redirected the conversation. "What did you major in?" He squeezed me again, making me forget my mission. "I actually double majored... cinema and business." He let out a gust of air. " Of course ." "What does that mean?" Did he have something against those fields? "Nothing." He shifted his weight, his breath in my hair. "What are you planning to do now?" I let out a heavy sigh. "I have a job waiting for me in Boston at my uncle's advertising firm." "You don't sound very excited about it." I wasn't. I didn't like the fact my parents had my whole life planned out for me... including the man I was expected to marry. The job wasn't the real reason I was moving to another city, it was simply the cover until I said my 'I do'. James Preston Hearst III was everything a girl was supposed to want in a husband, at least according to my mother. Rich, successful, impeccable manners, and from the right family with the right connections. If there was such a thing as betrothal in the twenty-first century, then our relationship would fall under that category. We had been pushed together by our families since our early teens. He was waiting for me in Boston. Waiting for me to accept his ring. Waiting for me to show a sliver of excitement. But I had none . Nothing . Sure he was nice, but there was no zing. I felt nothing more for him than I did any of my acquaintances. I wagered he and every member of our respective families would fall over and die of shock if they knew I was currently snuggled up next to some stranger. I smiled at that thought. "It's a long story," I told him, inhaling a few more times and enjoying the hints of soap, smoke, and some other unnamable scent. Maybe it was just him. "You smell good." My cheeks burned from my jabbered confession, and I was glad for the lack of light. I was cringing from embarrassment when his voice rasped close to my ear. "So do you." You know that