A/N Hello and thanks for clicking here to read my new story Champion of the Sea, it may become a Harem or multiple pairing or might just be one. The first chapter has not been fully grammar checked because I am uploading late at night for a Brit and will be fully checked tomorrow and changes may be made. The reason why was becasue I was meant to upload it yesterday, but I kinda procrastinated a lot yesterday and only did 1,500 words and had another 4,500 to do so yeah sorry. Anyway here it is enjoy. See you at the bottom. Champion of the Sea Chapter 1: The Beginning Champion of the Ocean Artemis POV: (*4 weeks before the Winter Solstice*) Something was wrong. This feeling kept repeating itself in my conscious, I didn't know what was wrong, but something was. Right now I was currently high above the 'Big Apple', 'The City that Never Sleeps' or more commonly known as New York. The sky was illuminated by the bright lights emitting from the various flats, skyscrapers and shops which were littered around in the city. There were two reasons why I was here; one Zeus had called an Olympian meeting about the Great Prophecy, and the other my Hunters were in a nearby woodland area. I had just set off from Olympus and was now heading back to camp to rescue my Hunters from themselves; well I was until my conscious told me to stop above Central Park. Currently I was hovering above Central Park in my Moon chariot casting down the Moon's silvery light down on to the park; deciding that my conscious was wrong and there was no problem I was preparing to leave and get back to the Hunters, that was until a certain mother and child duo caught my silver eyes. Gazing down on to the two mortals I watched as they ran through the park fear clear on their faces; the child was a boy, a pathetic boy, but there was a certain Aura coming off him probably a Demigod child, it was quite plausible as well because the Mum who ran with him had a natural beauty that would make all men and Gods alike fall for her, but what caught my eye even more was what was following the pair, it was the Minotaur. I watched not moving as the Minotaur charged at the two who had stopped and were panting heavily as well as the young boy who was crying like a baby. The Mum stood in front of the child protecting him like any good mother would do. Grinding my mind back into action I hurried down to the park in a beam of light, but I was too late to save the Mother as I watched her get hit by the minotaur Omega Axe splattering the trembling child in his mother's blood. Notching a silver arrow in my bow I released it making a sharp 'twang' noise in the sky, it sailed through the air and I watched as it impaled the brute of a monster in his neck causing it to explode into gold monster dust. Walking over to the child who was now having a crying fit on the wet ground; I tried my hardest not to kill him for simply being a male, he looked to be only 4 years of age with black raven hair swept messily over his head, I couldn't see his eyes clearly through the amount of tears pouring down his face. He looked up to see there was no longer a monster, but when he went to look for his Mum all he sore was a bloodied body off his Mum with her blood spattering his T-shirt. That is when he noticed me with my bow out and a silver arrow casually lying on the ground near his mum's body; now either two thoughts passed through his mind, one I killed his mum and the monster or I killed the monster which was chasing them. I really hoped it was the latter. Cautiously the boy stood up looking at me and his mum before breaking down into another crying fit, I walked over to him slowly trying not to disturb him. I reached him and I did the only thing which came into my mind I lent down and gave the boy a small hug; I was surprised when he hugged me and cried in my shoulder I nearly struck him down for touching me, but I let it pass and he continued to cry into my now damp shoulder. Percy's POV: (*2 Hours Previous *) Today was great so far; it was a Friday, you know what that means no school for two whole days and Mum had promised me we would go and get Ice cream after school. Right now I was walking home from school with my best friend Charlie; Charlie and I had been friends since Kindergarten and we were still friends now. Charlie and I had would often get the bus from school to the local shops, we only ever did this on Friday or our Mums would go ballistic, but since it was Friday we went to the shops and loaded up on sweets and chocolate, this had taken us a good hour and a half we only ever picked the best candy. So we're walking back to my place first so I can say good-bye for the weekend, but currently we are in the local park trying to run off our extreme sugar rushes we had acquired; the swings and see-saw normally worked well so we had split up our time going on the swing set and going up and down, up and down on the see-saw. By the time we had managed to run off our sugar rush it was bordering night time so we had to run home as to not get scolded by our loving parents. I arrived home and was met by my worried mother who looked like she was going to have a panic attack, nonetheless she still managed to give me a motherly hug and then tell me off; it was completely worth it. At the moment my Mum is walking me to the nearest ice-cream parlour, which also coincidently is next to central park so Mum also promised me she would take me through the park at night. We arrived at the parlour which was named Lily's Ice Cream Parlour, and was my favourite in town that I had been to. My favourite flavour ice-cream was blueberry ice-cream, I liked it because it was blue and that was my favourite colour and it was also so tasty. Mum and I walked into the colourful parlour which was pretty empty at 6pm, there was only a small queue to wait through, but I find it hard to wait for even short time with my ADHD that I was born with. Finally and what felt like forever we reached the till and I gazed over all the different flavoured ice-cream they had stocked from lemon – raspberry to more exotic flavours they were all there. I was rudely interrupted from my dream of swimming in the ice-cream tubs when the lady behind the till asked me what flavour I would like. Looking up I sore her name pinned to the uniform they were forced to ware: 'Hello my name is Mandy '. Quickly I put on a cute façade as to not appear rude, "Hello Mandy," I replied with a sickly sweet voice only to be nudged by my Mum who had an annoyed look on her face, I quickly mouthed "sorry" and she gave a small smile before Mandy interrupted. "Hey there champ, what's your name," she smiled back giving an innocent smile, Mandy was quite young looking around I think sixteen and had her blond hair tied in a bun and had a playful glint in her piercing blue eyes that seemed to change colour slightly. "My name is Percy." I replied, flashing a small smile. "Hi there Percy what would you like today then?" Mandy asked. "Erm, please could I have a double scoop of blueberry ice-cream." "Sure thing Percy that will cost $2 please," Mandy said, my Mum paid and went to go find a booth to sit in whilst I waited for Mandy to serve me my ice-cream, after a few seconds of waiting Mandy came back with my ice-cream in the signature wafer cone and a small note in her hands. She arrived at the till which I was waiting patiently at and handed me the cone of ice-cream, licking my lips self-consciously whilst looking at the frozen delight Mandy coughed lightly to get my attention, "Sorry," I muttered embarrassed that I had shown myself up in-front of her. "Oh don't be; Percy anyway I wanted to give you this," she said extending a hand with the small note on it, she then hurried off back to another room as her manager was calling her; leaving me to read the note by myself which would be pretty difficult since I also had dyslexia. Anyway I gave it a go and was presently surprised to find it was written in some sort of symbols which I could read and I don't even know how I did. It read; Dear Percy If you are reading this then my thoughts are confirmed about your heritage. When you turn the age of sixteen I want you to come to this address 600th floor Empire State building and ask for Mandy at the information desk when you arrive. See you later. Mandy. Well that was a weird letter so thinking no more of it I shoved it into the back pocket of my jeans and rushed over to my Mum who was patiently sitting in a booth reading an article in a newspaper. I sat down next to mum and began to devour my iced delight. After 10 minutes of slurping and licking the ice cream along with numerous scolding's to my noisy eating Mum and I were outside and strolling along in the cool nights off the park talking about nothing yet still being able to strike a nice conversation; that was until the silent night was interrupted by the loud bellow of something. Turning around quickly I spotted the most gruesome thing I have seen, it was a cross between a man and a bull with it most defining feature being a massive axe with stained blood on. My mum had obviously spotted it too and yelled at me to start to run, which I gladly did and Mum and I sprinted off as fast as we could whilst the monster lowered its head and charged at our retreating figures. Its first charge was unsuccessful as we dodged to the side and it ran into a tree successfully embedding a horn in the old tree. Ripping his head off the tree in a gruesome way leaving the horn there he made an even larger roar; one of pain. Now in the Monster's eyes I spotted something that wasn't there before anger, a burning anger that said he would want to kill us… painfully. Grabbing Mum's hand we began to run from the angered beast into the forest ducking underneath branches and looking for tight spots to run to, we eventually entered a clearing, we supposedly believed we had lost the monster, with us panting and sweating from our long run, but this was not the case as the monster came flying through the trees; this was it our doom and that opened the flood gates to my eyes as I began to cry, I didn't care if I felt weak I was so scared. The monster began to charge again aiming for me, but Mum did the most stupid thing ever and stood in-front of me protecting me, it was rather comforting and I felt