I do not own anything, please don't take what is left. Thanks to my beta writer, Valerian candidate, for putting up with me. All the mistakes are mine. "Sectum..." Harry started to incant the spell but Hermione's warning - of using the Half-Blood Prince's spells without knowing what they do first, rang in his ear; prevented him from completing the incantation. Harry shook his head, clearing his thoughts and started to send yet another stunner at Malfoy. He had intended to try out the spells from the book in the Room of Requirement before using them, but he hadn't anticipating having an all-out duel with Malfoy. He knew the dangers of using information from an unknown source; considering the information that Riddle's diary provided ended up hurting him in the end, but it was so nice understanding potions and having the answers that Hermione usually provided. He didn't realize that with his hesitation over which spell to use, he was now wide open. Within the moments that it took for Harry to change his mind about which spell to cast, Malfoy had regained his position and with a desperate voice, cried out "Avada Kedavra!" It took less time for Malfoy to cast the Unforgivable curse for Harry to realize that he had no way to dodge the spell. Harry's eyes met Malfoy's and was surprised to see the triumphant smirk was quickly disintegrating into horror as they both realized that the killing curse was about to hit Harry straight on. Hermione's tear stained face flashed through Harry's mind right before the green jet of light hit him straight in the chest. After that, all he felt was pain. Harry vaguely thought that he heard Malfoy scream, "NO!" but he wasn't sure as the pain was everywhere and nowhere, all at once. He couldn't even scream, as the pain was all consuming. His vision turned dark. Harry wasn't sure for how long the pain lasted but when it subsided he found that his thoughts flew through his brain at warp speed. Hermione was right that I shouldn't have been so focused on Malfoy this year. Poor Hermione, she will be devastated to hear about my death. Merlin, I wish I could see her smiling face again. Why is that so important to me? Well, she is my best friend. She knows everything about me and still wants what is best for me. I would be crazy to not want her around me all the time. And I do want her around me all the time, I cannot even imagine a life without her around me. I hate that she will eventually get a boyfriend. They would never love her as much as I do. Love her? Wait a minute...Am I in love with my best friend? Yes, maybe, I don't know? Is it even important now that I am dead? Slowly the world started to come back to Harry and his thoughts became more cognizant. Am I dead? No, I don't think I am. Is that my heartbeat? Yes, it is my heartbeat! I am alive. I don't know how, but, go me! Harry concentrated on his heartbeat, slowly becoming more aware of his surroundings and the noises coming from around the destroyed bathroom as his vision came back to him. The first thing that Harry really noticed was that although he could feel his heartbeat and his lungs pulling in oxygen, he couldn't move. He was on his back looking up at the bathroom's ceiling and he couldn't even blink his eyes as the dust from the ceiling came floating down. The second thing he noticed was the sounds of sobbing and retching coming from the other side of the bathroom. Sounds of which were coming closer. "No! Potter, you were supposed to move! You were supposed to curse me, kill me. I am the one who is supposed to die. You are supposed to defeat the Dark Lord and live till you're older than Dumbledore" sobbed Malfoy as, Harry assumed by the noises, slowly made his way across the rubble to where Harry was. What surprised Harry was that Draco sounded like someone who had lost everything. "What in the blue blazes is happening in here?" came the voice of Harry's least favorite professor from somewhere behind Draco. Snape sounded like he was in a worst mood than ever, having obviously come to break up Harry and Malfoy's duel. Harry knew the moment that Snape fully registered the scene before him because there was a sudden intake of breath. It must look like he was dead by Malfoy's wand and by all accounts he should be. And then there were a quick successions of spells that Harry deduced were for privacy and not for the calling of help, as the distant, but, hearable sounds of the castle suddenly stopped. "Draco, what have you done?" Snape asked softly, not betraying any emotion that Harry could deduce. "I kil...," Draco started to say before once again retching sounds filled the ruined bathroom. "You used the killing curse?" Snape asked in that same soft voice. "You are proficient with it?" "Yeah, this summer, my father taught me, made me..."Draco responded in broken sentences, still sounding broken before gagging again. Harry still couldn't move but could visualize Snape nod as Malfoy continued to throw up. "We are going to need to move fast and get you out of the castle before anyone else knows," Snape said finally and Harry could hear Snape starting to pace around. "No, the Dark Lord..." Draco choked out hoarsely. "I know that killing Potter wasn't the task the Dark Lord sent you to do but he might be lenient knowing the Potter is dead. You and your family should be safe and I will complete your mission here in your stead. We do have to move now though, to prevent you from being thrown into Azkaban," Snape said reassuringly. There was a moment of silence where Harry didn't know what was happening but he did hear footsteps coming closer to where he was lying. Harry started to panic as he desperately tried to move anything, knowing that his wand was probably only a little ways away and perhaps he could protect himself with it. All that Harry accomplished with his struggling was twitching a finger and blinking his eyes once. Suddenly Draco was in Harry's small field of vision and Harry instinctively held his breath, waiting for what he was sure to be his doom, because surely they would kill him now. "No, I am not leaving," Draco said again, emotionless but more firmly this time as he stared down at Harry's unmoving body with an emotion that Harry could not place, swimming in his eyes. "As for my mission, it doesn't matter." Draco said with broken but vicious tones, "My true mission was to fail. The Dark Lord just wanted to have a reason to torture my family more. All I have done this year is to try to keep them safe, but I, and I suspect the Dark Lord, have always known that I am not a killer. So, of course, I would fail at the end of this glorious mission. But torturing my family more without cause would perhaps sows seeds of discontent within the rest of the Death Eaters, so I am the sacrificial lamb. Or maybe the scapegoat would be more appropriate." Draco snorted "I am truly not a loyal Death Eater and would be very happy if the Dark Lord would choke to death on his pudding." Snape gasped and Harry would have gasped right along with him if he had control of his body. The silence was deafening as Draco just stared at Harry as tears started running down his face. Snape didn't say a word for what seemed like hours to Harry. "You love," Snape said slowly and simply, not quite a question but not quite a statement. Harry could see Draco nod his acceptance of that statement. "There is another way…"Snape said even slower and more cautiously than Harry thought possible, surprising Harry, because it meant that maybe, just maybe, that Snape really was on the Light's side. At Snape's statement, Draco started to chuckle bitterly before saying, "No, there isn't, not for me at least. I am not strong enough to turn spy, like you, and besides there is no reason to try anymore." Harry would have furrowed his brows at Draco's statement, not understanding really what was going on at this point and hoping that Snape would ask some questions. Snape did respond but not in the way that Harry had hoped. Apparently some things were understood by the two snakes and they weren't going to enlighten him. "Draco, don't think like that!" Snape exclaimed sounding very alarmed for the first time and for a reason that Harry couldn't figure out. Very suddenly Draco spun out of Harry's field of vision and sent a full body curse at Snape. Due to the thud Harry heard a moment later, Harry reasoned that Draco hit his mark. "I love and I loved so fiercely, Severus. You must at least, understand that. I never meant for this to happen. I know I did things that I should be ashamed of, but all I ever wanted was to be noticed," Draco practically bellowed at Snape before coming once again into Harry's limited field of vision. Harry noticed that Draco wore a very odd expression and seemed alarmingly pale. He tried frantically to move his body though he didn't truly understand why he felt so panicked at this moment. Draco raised his wand to his temple with that strange look on his face, and Harry finally realized why he felt so panicked. Draco was going to kill himself! "Don't be a coward!" Snape cried out, "Live for your love, if you truly feel that way. Don't let your life be wasted." "I already told, Severus." Draco replied in soft, tearful tones, "I am not strong like you are. I was never strong enough." Though he did take his wand away from his temple. Draco knelt down next to Harry. "You were always so strong. I never understood it, I never understood how you could accept a madman trying to kill you and still want to protect others. You were so radiant," Draco said softly, "I know that I have no right but I have always been a spoiled brat so at least I am consistent. All I have ever wanted was for you to look at me. I know you forgive far too easily, so please forgive me for everything I have done against you. " Harry blinked his eyes again, still completely confused as what Draco was talking about. Also, he was a little annoyed that neither Draco or Snape checked to see if he was indeed dead, though he could understand why as he was hit with a curse that kills 99% of the people hit with it. "I love you, Harry Potter! I know I have no right to these feelings. Don't worry though, I will not stay on this plane of existence without you and I am sure I will pay for my many mistakes." Draco declared without any gusto. Harry's eyes practically popped out of his head at Draco's declaration. Harry struggled even harder to move, though he wasn't sure why. He did know that he didn't want Draco to kill himself. "Please forgive me for this one more thing," Draco said even softer before leaning over Harry and kissing him on the lips. Harry felt the warmth of Draco's lips and found them to be surprisingly not repugnant. Harry still couldn't move much but he knew that if he couldn't telegraph to Draco that he was alive, then Draco was going to go through with killing himself. Hermione was right, I really do have a hero-issue. Oh well, I cannot move much but hopefully this will