Rose Weasley's mouth filled with ink. Wincing, she searched for a handkerchief or scrap of cloth—anything to remove the horrible metallic taste from her mouth. All she could find was a ripped corner of parchment that had fallen by her bed. It would have to do. Her tawny owl cooed at her from across the room. "Hush, Selena," said Rose, blotting at her tongue. "I'll feed you in a minute." With one last coo, Selena went back to sleep. Rose glared at her quill. She had sucked on the tip of it, forgetting that it wasn't a sugar quill. Now it lay on her partially-finished letter, slowly pooling ink on the parchment. Before it could do more damage, Rose picked the quill up, dipped it in the open inkwell by her bed, and continued the letter. Sorry about the ink. Blame Selena, my owl. Did you ever meet her? I don't think you did. Anyway, we all miss you and hope to hear back soon. Happy July! She signed the letter with a sigh and set it down to dry. Part of her wondered why she even bothered to send letters anymore. It had been a full month, and she had yet to hear from Dmitri Romolov. Her door burst open as she finished folding the letter. Rose jumped, and her elbow slammed into her side table. The half-full inkwell toppled to the floor. "Whoops," said the taller of the two boys now standing in Rose's doorway. "Sorry, Rose. Let me get that—" The smaller boy grabbed his arm. "No magic outside of school, James," he reminded his older brother wearily. "Right, Al." James pocketed his wand. "Stupid Underage Wizarding laws." "Stupid underage wizard," countered Rose. "G'morning, James, Albus." "Happy birthday!" said Albus, slipping a small wrapped box onto Rose's desk. "We're doing presents with the parents later." Rose slid her eyes to the package he had brought, then back to him. "Later," he mouthed as James knelt by the bed. "Ah, it was almost empty anyway," he lied, picking up the inkwell. "Your mum can get it off the floor in an instant." "James?" The three of them froze. "Bloody hell, she's good," whispered James. "How'd she do that?" "He's coming!" Albus called back down to Hermione, who had summoned James. "You'd better go, James. It's chopping carrots for you." James grumbled as he left the room. Albus closed the door and scooped up the package from the desk. "It's from Scorpius," he explained, handing it to Rose. "He sent it to my place yesterday. Didn't want Uncle Ron blowing it up, I suppose." Rose took the parcel from him and began to unwrap it. The first thing she saw was Scorpius' sharp letters on the parchment. But that slid aside to reveal—" "Bloody hell," breathed Albus. "Is that-?" The parcel was unmistakable. Scorpius Malfoy had sent Rose a phoenix feather. "It's beautiful," said Rose softly, lifting it from the paper carefully. "Where did he get it?" "Check the letter," said Albus. Rose, it read. Happy birthday! I sent this through Al so your dad wouldn't see it. I still can't believe they had a row the middle of Hogsmeade. Awful, eh? So I know you like phoenixes, and I saw this while I was out with Mum and asked if I could get it. I don't think she knew it was for you, but oh well. The shopkeeper said it makes you more clear-sighted—not like you need that, right? Send old Selena over when you and Al get your school letters. We'll meet up on Diagon Alley. Nothing our dads can do about that, eh? Happy Birthday! Scorpius Malfoy "I love it," said Rose, setting the letter down. "So, is Mum cooking already? It smells wonderful." "Waffles," said Albus grinned. "Your favorite." "And yours," said Rose, laughing. "Come on, let me get ready. I'll meet you down there in a minute." Albus his eyes fell on the letter Rose had left on her bedside table. "Still no reply?" He said as Rose grabbed it, covering Dmitri's name. "Rose, it's been a month." "I'm starting to get worried," she said wearily. "What if something happened to him? What if - -" "Alistair did not hunt him down," said Albus firmly. "Remember? He said he didn't want Dmitri dead." "Maybe he changed his mind," said Rose. "Maybe... I mean, he killed Rafael. What's to say he won't go after his brother?" "That's was during the tournament," Albus reminded her. "It's like Dad said. The tournament, it changes people." Rosalie sighed. The Triwizard Tournament had been a harrowing experience, especially with the death of Rafael Romolov. His younger brother, Dmitri, had appeared to be Alistair Trimble's next target. "James told me last week that he still has nightmares about it," Albus confided in Rose. "Seeing Rafael's body after they cut him free... It must've been awful." "I can't even imagine it," said Rose with a shiver. Before they could continue with the unhappy topic, Hermione's voice echoed up the stairs. "Al?" she called. "Yes, Aunt Hermione?" "Be a dear and come help your brother? He doesn't understand what he's doing." James was certainly up to his usual mischief in the kitchen. Rolling his eyes, Albus stood. "Come and save me as soon as you can," he whispered. "I'm no good with cooking." "You'll do fine," said Rose reassuringly as Albus left. With a sigh, she slid her legs over the side of the bed and stood. "I'm coming," she told her owl. "I'm coming." She gave the letter to Selena and looked her directly in the eyes. "Get this to Dmitri," she said clearly, enunciated each word carefully. "Durmstrang Academy. Dmitri Romolov." Selena cooed, the sound distorted by the letter in her beak. Rose opened the window, and out Selena flew. Rose had always loved the view from her room. She had a clear shot of the back of her family's property, the property that stretched onto the Grange. Today, the sun shone down onto the vibrant green grass, which nearly sparkled in the intense light. She dressed quickly, choosing a dress her grandmum had made her the previous year. She only wore one piece of jewelry- the Prewett locket, a family heirloom that had helped her save Rafael's life last year. Well, save it for a while, at least. Rose refused to continue thinking about the previous year. It was her twelfth birthday, and she fully intended to enjoy it. Down in the kitchen, Hermione had James and Albus working on food for later that day. Rose's mum was flicking her wand at waffles, which flew onto the plates that floated around the room. "Rose," she said warmly upon seeing her daughter. Rose rushed to hug her mother. "Rosie, are you really twelve?" "Yes, mum," said Rose with a grin. "Is it really that hard to believe?" "You're just so grown up," sighed Hermione, smoothing down Rose's hair. "When I was your age- well, let's just be thankful that you're not up to what I was at your age. Are you alright, dear?" Albus had turned his laughter into a coughing fit. If Hermione only knew what Rose had been up to her first year…. "He's fine," said James, thwacking his brother on the back. "I'm done with the carrots." "Then you should go with Rose and your brother," said Hermione, straightening her apron. "I'm sure the twins are around here somewhere. Oh, Rose, Hugo was looking for you earlier." Rose nodded and pulled Albus away from the potatoes he was chopping. "C'mon," she said. "Let's go say hello to Aunt Luna." This seemed to cheer Albus up. He was a favourite of Luna's. James, on the other hand, was deemed "too serious," which seemed ironic to Rose. A small body tackled Rose as she stepped through the back door. Her assailant laughed as she stumbled, nearly falling into Albus. "Happy Birthday, Rose!" said Hugo Weasley enthusiastically. He was two years younger than his sister, and bore the fiery red hair that marked him as a Weasley. Rose hugged her younger brother for a moment, then patted his head. "We're going to find the twins," she told him. "D'you want to come along?" He shook his head. "I'm gonna go find Lily," he said eagerly. "We're gonna fly for a bit." "I can't believe he and your sister still have a year to go before they come to Hogwarts," said Rose as Hugo scampered off. Lily Potter and Hugo were attached at the hip. All of the letters Hugo had written to Rose the previous year had begun, "Me and Lily.…" Both of their dearest wishes were to go to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. "Nothing we can do," said James, unconcerned. "C'mon. I bet the twins are out on the Grange already." The Grange was a large expanse of grass that stretched between the Potter, Weasley, Scamander, and Longbottom houses. Following the war, the young heroes had attempted to live apart, but the separation was painful after the bonds they had forged during the battle. Their solution was to live in a large circle with an enormous communal backyard between them. "Stop," said James suddenly, throwing a hand out. The other hand went into his pocket as he drew out his wand." "James-" "Shhh," he whispered. Albus tapped Rose's arm, then pointed to a mound of grass. But on second look Rose realised it wasn't grass. It was a body. Just as Rose realised this, the body began to move. It was Lorcan, wearing a grass-covered robe over a green sweater and slacks. "Good morning," he said pleasantly, apparently oblivious to the streaks of dirt on his face. "James, are you doing magic outside of school again?" James stuck his wand back in his pocket. "Nice robe," he said almost mockingly. "What's the occasion?" "Lysander and I were playing chess," said Lorcan. Rose waited, but it became apparent that Lorcan had finished explaining. At that moment, Rose noticed a figure approaching them by air. It was Lysander, holding a large box in one hand and his broomstick handle in the other. "If you can fly like that," said James as Lysander landed, " why don't you play Quidditch? We could use you on the team." "I don't like the game," said Lysander simply. "Happy Birthday, Rose. Mum sent biscuits to eat until breakfast is ready." "Biscuits for breakfast," sighed James with the air of a contented cat. "I love your mum." They sat on the grass and began to eat. "Lorcan," said Rose, "what exactly were you doing out here?" He had shed his grassy robe, but his face was still streaked with dirt, as were his arms. "Mum heard that if you take someone's queen and enter checkmate exactly on the hour, you'll win riches beyond belief." Lorcan nodded with a smile. "So we've been out here all night," said Lysander wearily. "Nothing so far." Rose exchanged a look with Albus, who was also barely containing laughter. "That sounds...er…fun," she said. "Trying again tonight?" "After the party," said Lorcan. "You can join us if you want to." "We'll pass, mate," said James, speaking for the group. "Thanks for the offer, though." Hermione soon summoned them back to the house. "Have you been eating biscuits?" she said suspiciously. "Nope," said James, sliding past her into the kitchen. "Smells great!" Hermione looked to Albus. He was always a bad liar. His cheeks turned pink as he ducked into the kitchen. They settled around the large table in the dining room. "Your father should be home soon," Hermione told Rose as she sent waffled onto everyone's plate. "There was a bit of an incident at the Japan versus Malaysia game. Wait- look I think he's coming." Rose turned and looked at the map behind her. It was an enormous piece that stretched across the entire wall. Tiny dots were on it- mainly in one spot, but there was another in