It wasn't that Rose Weasley was somehow opposed to the concept of sleep. In fact, she was quite fond of curling up under her quilt at the end of a long day, having just finished an interesting new book. However, the trouble came when, at the end of the night, she was only a few chapters in and the book was too good to put down. "Rose Miriam Weasley!" Two warm brown eyes popped open, still focused on something in a forgotten dream. Rose tucked her copper hair behind her ear without thought, and it sprung back to the side of her face with just as little effort. "I'm up!" she called, rubbing her face in an effort to wipe the sleep away. The left side of her neck throbbed, and only then did she realize that she was still seated in her desk chair. The pages of the book before her remained pressed in the position her head had forced them into at some point during the night. Well, no one had to know. Despite her typical attention to the matter, Rose had already pulled her wand from her desk drawer and was about to neaten her hair before remembering that she was still in her house. It was summer vacation, and since Rose was only twelve— No, she realized with a start. As of today, she was thirteen. Grinning, she stowed her wand and grabbed a hair elastic instead. She quickly changed into a fresh jumper and skirt and then hurried downstairs. Aunt Ginny was assisting Rose's mother in setting the large kitchen table. Hermione Weasley was laughing at something her friend had said, and the expression lit her lightly lined face. Her hair, pulled away from her face, had already begun to expand from the heat of the pancakes she had made. "Here's the birthday girl," said Hermione with relief, wrapping Rose in a tight hug. "I thought you had been up all night reading again." "Of course not," said Rose. She had only been up part of the night, as evidenced by the crick in her neck. "Breakfast smells great, Mum." "I tried to help," sighed Aunt Ginny, tucking a lock of flaming hair behind her ear, "but I think Hermione was worried I'd burn the place down." "You did great," said Hermione, though Rose was almost certain she was lying. Aunt Ginny never quite grasped cooking, which Rose didn't understand, as Ginny was excellent with brewing potions. Still, she was determined to help when she could, especially on special occasions. James and Albus claimed seats at the table as Rose's father called, "I'll be there in a minute!" It sounded like he was still in his study, which was unusual for this time of morning. Ron Weasley emerged a moment later, nearly hitting his head on the doorframe. He had the Daily Prophet in one hand and a mug in the other. He set both on the table to sweep Rose into a huge hug, twirling her around so her feet lifted from the floor. "Aren't you seventeen yet?" he joked, ruffling her hair. "I could've sworn your mum mentioned we'd be getting your NEWT results soon." "Not yet," said Rose with a grin, "but it's only a matter of time." She sat next to Albus as Hermione and Ginny started plating the pancakes. James coated the bottom of his plate with syrup before handing it to his mum. Rose wrinkled her nose but didn't remark on his strange habit. "Hugo was supposed to be home already," said Hermione, putting a plate in front of Rose. "He stayed over with Lily again." "They were still fast asleep when I left," said Ginny. "I think they were up late again. I swear, they'll run each other ragged." Lily Potter and Hugo Weasley were best friends, only two years younger than Rose and Albus. In September, both would start their first years at Hogwarts— though Lily had attempted to sneak her way to the castle the previous year, much to the anger of her parents. The adults settled in at the table, and everyone began to eat. The food was excellent, as was usual for Hermione's cooking. Some of the pancakes had come out in odd shapes, which Rose attributed to Aunt Ginny's attempts to help in some way. "Harry sends his love," said Ginny between bites. "He got back late last night and is trying to get some rest before heading back today. He doesn't have any days off planned until the end of the month." "He'll get a week," said Ron, mouth partially full of pancake. "It'll be good for him." The rest of breakfast flew by. Rose knew better than to stuff herself full now, as their would be a dinner with the extended family tonight where she would be expected to eat far too much food. As Hermione began clearing the plates away, Rose excused herself and started towards the backyard. "Rose!" said Albus, and she stopped. "Could you actually show me that book?" Which book had that been? "Sure," said Rose uncertainly. She followed Albus back upstairs and into her room, where he closed the door. "Sorry," said Albus, "needed to duck away from James." Rose didn't understand until Albus handed her a small package with an envelope attached. She recognized the sharp letters on the envelope as belonging to another one of her friends, Scorpius Malfoy. "I'm hexing him if he cancels," said Rose as she opened the envelope. Scorpius had promised to come to her birthday dinner that night. It was the twenty-second of July, and neither she nor Albus had seen their friend since they parted ways at King's Cross Station. Rose, Please don't kill me. I really was going to come, but something's come up with my parents and I need to stay here for a while. I wanted to come see you and Al, but Dad says I'm not allowed to leave for now. I figured I should send this to Al instead of you in case your dad decided to blow it up. He still doesn't like me. Anyway, happy birthday! I picked one thing and Mum helped with the other. You'll probably know which is which. I'm still going to see you before school starts! Not sure when, but I'll be sure to write. If you don't get anything, ask Al. If neither of you get anything… I don't know, I'll mail the twins or something. I don't think their mum know I exist and wouldn't bother burning my mail. Promise I'm not being paranoid. Can't wait to explain. Please write. Scorpius "Well," said Albus, who had been reading over Rose's shoulder, "I can't say this is unexpected." "I can," said Rose, frowning. "I really thought he was going to come." "I was reading Mum's copy of the Prophet before we came over," said Albus, "and apparently some people are rallying to prosecute some of the wizards from the war who were acquitted." Rose knew which war he was referring to: the Second Wizarding War, in which both of their parents had fought alongside other Hogwarts students and members of the Order of the Phoenix. They fought a wizard who had gone mad for power and immortality, dubbing himself Lord Voldemort, and his Death Eaters who followed his orders. Many died in the final battle, which had taken place on the grounds of Hogwarts itself. She didn't have all of the details, but she knew that it was a complicated situation afterwards. The surviving Death Eaters had been put on trial after the Ministry of Magic had reorganized itself and replaced empty positions. Some had been pardoned for various reasons, or served lesser sentences instead of being imprisoned. Rose knew that Scorpius' grandfather was one of the Death Eaters who had not gone to prison, but she couldn't remember if he was on house arrest or had been fined. She would have to search the Scamander library for clues. Her parents and the Potters didn't like their children reading books about the war, so they all had to go to Luna Scamander's home and visit her twin sons, Lorcan and Lysander, to do their reading. In the extensive library, they often got sidetracked by other books with colorful titles like Alighting Allegiances and Don't Drown Your Pixies: A Guide to Reworking the Unworkable. "That would explain why he's staying with his family," sighed Rose. "The Ministry will sort it out, they always do. We'll see him soon." She unwrapped the parcel to reveal a sturdy leather-bound notebook. It was a rich caramel color and was smooth under her fingertips. On the first page was a short note in Scorpius' handwriting: For all of your ideas. The package also contained a delicate bracelet. It was a vine made of silver with glittering crystal leaves poking out from the stem. Scorpius had been right: she was able to figure out which one his mother had had a hand in choosing. "They're lovely," she said fondly. "Yup," shrugged Albus, looking at the bracelet warily. "Come on, James wants to play Quidditch." Rose chased Albus down the stairs, protesting. "But it's my birthday!" she cried. "You get to play Quidditch on all of your birthdays— and every other day, for that matter! I don't want to today." "You never want to," said Albus as they entered the backyard, "and I didn't say we had to. I just knew where we could find James." When one first left the Weasley house, it would seem that their backyard would never end. The grass stretched out on all sides, and then back as far as the eye could see. However, Rose knew that not all of the green expanse belonged to her parents. Their house was one of many surrounding the grassy area, which they all referred to as The Grange. After the war, the Hogwarts students who had fought found that they had trouble living apart from each other. Harry and Ginny took time to travel, while Hermione continued to study and help rebuild Hogwarts. Others took their own paths: Luna Scamander (then still Luna Lovegood) had travelled to France and attended their magical school for three years. Neville Longbottom stayed at the school, expressing that he didn't know what he wanted to do, but he knew he wasn't ready to leave. Eventually, the decision was made that when it came time to settle down, they should all remain close to each other. It was Hermione who had found the land, and Ginny who had come up with the concept of spacing their houses like spokes on a wheel. The land was essentially shared property amongst a group of friends who had all started out as members of Dumbledore's Army. The Potter house was technically farthest from Rose's, being straight across the center of the Grange. She and Albus could have grabbed brooms from the shed behind her house, but she preferred to walk. Really, she preferred to stay away from brooms as much as possible. "I don't know what else to do with my summer," admitted Albus as they walked together. "I still have some homework to do, but I've done what I find interesting and I don't really feel like doing the rest." "We can do History of Magic this week," offered Rose, though she was almost finished with her essay for it already. "I'm sure that's one you've put off." "I even get bored flying sometimes," said Albus, stretching his arms over his head. "I know James' style too well. It's pretty predictable." Rose laughed. "I won't tell him you said that," she said. "He'll get all touchy." "He's good," said Albus, "I'm not saying he's not. But I've been playing with him for so long now. You've been there, you probably know most of his moves too!" Rose didn't want to admit that she couldn't really follow their mock Quidditch matches. She sometimes acted as referee (always