A/N: Welcome to my very first Twilight fic! While I'm not a stranger to fanfics, usually I stick to SW but once this idea got started I decided to brave the crowds and take a chance with it. It's also a bit of a challenge for myself, every chapter is based on a song which will be the title. I highly recommend listening to the songs before reading the chapter or at least looking up the lyrics, they really set the mood for it. Also we can say farewell to weak, spineless Bella, in my story she actually gets a backbone. This universe is slightly AU, for my own mind's sake I decided to bump Jake and Seth's ages up a year but everything else is canon. I'll be using bits from both the book and movie in the first chapter, but after that I go off on my own little trip. This is a strict Jacob/Bella story, if you are an Edward fan I'll warn you now that this is not for you. Other pairings will pop up including Sam/Emily, Jared/Kim, Paul/Rachel, Seth/OC, Leah/OC, Embry/Angela, Bree/OC. There will be lemons in this but not until later chapters, do bear with me. Also, I suck at summaries and I can't say too much more without giving the plot away. I of course do not own the Twilight universe or characters, just my lovely OCs, I'm just having some fun with them. Any songs used of course belong to the singer/song writers, I just use them to inspire my muse. Summery: I was the natural path your life would have taken… If the world was the way it was supposed to be, if there were no monsters and no magic… Jacob Black, Eclipse, Chapter 26, p.599. Jacob Black was right, he was the natural path Bella's life would have taken, but what he didn't know, what no one knew, was that he was her natural path in the world of monsters and magic... The Natural Path Slow Dancing in a Burning Room On the mountain, the night before the newborn attack... Bella tugged the sleeping bag tighter around her, trying to ignore her shivering and chattering teeth. Edward sat across the tent, as far away as he could, a look of agony on his face. "I'm so sorry Bella. What can I do?" She tried to force a smile though her shaking and failed. She knew he felt awful and only wanted to help but they both knew there was nothing he could do, no matter how many times he asked. "N-nothing E-Edward." His face crumpled more and she shut her eyes tightly, trying to think of somewhere warm to distract herself. Unfortunately the only warm place that popped into her head was Jacob's arms around her, cradling her against his chest as he'd carried her up the mountain. Her mind wandered to their talk and she felt a small surge of pride again as she recalled him telling her he was the true Alpha of his pack. She was considering making 'Chief' his permanent nickname from now on. A faint smile crossed her face at that thought and then Edward's voice distracted her. "What are you thinking love?" She sighed, feeling her shivering increase and shook her head slightly. "N-n-nothing." Before he could say anything she heard the zipper lower and then Jacob stepped inside. "Can't sleep with all that teeth chattering." He stared at her and she saw Edward tense. "Don't even think about it dog." She barely heard them, distracted by the drops of melted snow trailing down Jacob's chest, his abdominals, and the deep V line at his waist... She jerked herself out of those thoughts with a blush as she saw Edward's hand grasp Jacob's upper arm forcefully and Jacob growl out a warning. "D-don't f-fight." Jacob turned to her, sorrow in his gaze at seeing her shaking form and he brushed off Edward's hand. "She might need her toes someday and let's face it, I'm hotter than you." Bella couldn't hold back the snort of laughter at his doubled meaning and Jake flashed her his signature grin. She saw the brief moment of hurt cross Edward's face before he pulled back to the corner and broodingly said "Fine." She was torn between feeling bad that she'd hurt him and annoyance that he thought she needed his permission to have Jake help warm her. Jacob's face was smug as he lowered himself behind her and tugged the sleeping bag over both of them. She immediately felt several degrees warmer and turned to her other side to dive into his chest. "Jeez Bells, you're freezing." She heard the good natured humor mixed with worry in his tone and sighed as she felt both of his arms wrap around her, tucking her head under his chin. "It's ok Bells, you'll get warm soon." She knew he was right, she already could feel the shaking lessen and she relaxed into him slightly. "Course you'd get warmer faster if you'd take your clothes off." She stiffened at the same time she heard Edward hiss behind her and she smacked his chest lightly with her uninjured hand. "Jake, knock it off." He chuckled and shrugged. "Survival 101 Bells." Sighing she forced herself to relax, marveling at his heat as the tremors slow to a stop and she blinked drowsily. Jake felt her relax more and pressed his cheek into the top of her head, humming quietly. "Get some sleep Bells. I'm not going anywhere." She knew he meant more than just staying with her in the sleeping bag. Behind her she was certain she heard Edward snap something, maybe a spare tent peg but couldn't bring herself to chide either of them and let herself doze off to Jacob's humming lullaby. Bella tried to ignore both men as she felt their gazes burning into her while she supposedly slept, fighting to keep her breathing even so they wouldn't know she could hear them. "Can't you at least try to keep your thoughts to yourself?" Edward's hiss was deadly and she felt Jake's chest rumble with a dark chuckle. "Why don't you try to stay out of my head?" She resisted the urge to roll her eyes and hit him in the arm for goading Edward on, preferring to keep her hand tucked into Jacob's warm body and continue to eavesdrop on their conversation. "Maybe if you weren't shouting your little fantasies at the top of your lungs it would be easier." At her fiancés' words she felt a blush rise. Jacob was fantasizing about her? She supposed she should feel uncomfortable that he was doing it while laying tucked tightly in her sleeping bag with her fiancé a few feet away but instead she felt her blush deepen and a sense of…awe? Yes Jacob had admitted his love for her, tried to convince her that she was in love with him and simply didn't know it yet, he had even kissed her. Her lips tingled slightly and her wrist throbbed as she remembered their disaster of a first kiss. She had been angry to say the least, then more so at herself when she made the stupid mistake of punching a full grown werewolf. But later, after she lay in bed replaying the memory she had realized that some small part of her actually enjoyed being kissed by Jake. His lips were warm, soft and hard all at once, nothing like Edward's cold, unyielding ones that offered her only chaste unfulfilling kisses. He always pulled away if she tried to push him for more while Jacob had kissed her with all the passion and love he had, pouring out his very soul to her to convince her to love him instead. "I really get under that ice cold skin of yours huh? What, doubting her feelings for you?" Jacob's voice was part smug and part curious. Edward didn't answer and she felt Jake let out an annoyed growl. "So you can pick through my head but I'm not allowed into yours?" She heard Edward sigh unnecessarily and shift in his seat. "Fine mutt, talk." She felt Jake turn his head to look down at her and quietly say "I know she's in love with you. But she's in love with me too. She just won't admit it." She heard nothing from Edward for a long moment and then he conceded "I know. But she chose me." Jacob shifted slightly, making sure to cradle her head on his arm and she heard him sigh. "She could still choose me." She felt her heart break slightly as she heard the pain and hope in his voice and she almost reached up to touch his face. "She won't." She heard the steely conviction in Edward's voice and Jacob tensed slightly. "If she did, would you let her go?" She let out an internal sigh, wishing she could make Jake understand that she could never leave Edward, not after Italy and nearly losing him for good. "Well killing you is an intriguing idea..." She barely suppressed a shudder; although Edward's tone is light she can hear the deadly undertone it carries. Then he sighed. "I could never hurt her like that. I want her to be happy, and if she chose you I would walk away." She forgot how to breathe, frozen in shock, hurt, and horror. He would let her go so easily if she chose Jacob? He wouldn't even try to stop her, fight for her in the slightest? After everything they've been through to be together? She wanted to turn around and scream at him, that he should fight for her, that if he really cared about her then he would do everything he could to get her back like...like Jake...Jacob who has fought for her from the beginning, who helped her heal after Edward left, her best friend, her warmth, her sun. She gave herself an internal shake. 'He knows it will never happen, that's why he said it, you love him, and you're in love with him. You agreed to marry him. ' She barely heard their next few words, something about Edward just wanting her to have a normal human life, Jacob saying he might be better for her and that he could make her happy. Could she be happy with Jake? She had no doubt that she would but Edward was her reason for existing, she was his singer and she was giving up everything to be with him. 'You wouldn't have to give up anything for Jake.' She slammed the lid on that thought, she loved Edward, she was in love with Edward! 'She's in love with me too...' Jacob's words whispered through her mind and she tried to shove them aside, focusing on one thought. 'I agreed to marry him. I'm going to marry Edward and turn and never have to worry about someone protecting me or being put in danger for me again.' She heard Edward move and the zipper lower. "I'm going to check outside. Don't try anything mutt." The zipper closed, leaving them alone in the tent. She felt Jake move to lie down, pulling her close as he gently settled her head on his arm. She sensed the slight warmth of his breath on her face, could hear the low rumble of contentment in his chest and almost envision the look of peace she knew was on his face. She knew her own mirrored his; he always had a way of calming her down with a simple touch, something she's never had with Edward. Without thinking about it she sighed and moved closer to him, then froze when she felt something press against her leg. A very large, very hard something. She heard the hitch in his breath and his arms tightened around her. Very slowly, trying to keep her breathing even, she opened her eyes to see him staring at her,