Full summary: For nineteen years, the Wizarding World has been at peace – until now. Darkness cannot stay away forever. The restless become the reckless. There is an uprising in the making, a long-awaited revolt to come, and Albus Severus Potter, the second child of Harry and Ginny Potter, finds himself directly in the middle of it. Al is tired of being Albus Severus Potter, Son of Harry Potter . He just wants to be Al , but he's not sure even he knows who that really is. And if he's ever going to have any hope of finding out, he'll have to survive his first year at Hogwarts first. Author's notes: To give you a general idea of how long I've been playing with this first chapter, I came up with the idea for this fanfic around the time I first learned The Cursed Child was to be published. It has undergone many, many revisions since then, been influenced by changing personal tastes, the release of one of the greatest movies to ever exist – Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , obviously – and life in general. So, I present to you the final, completed chapter of Aphonic: Without Sound also known as what I wanted from The Cursed Child . Note: while there will be lots of lovely fluff, Al and Scorpius will not start dating in this fanfic, as they are eleven/twelve throughout this fic. A violent storm raged outside of the large window behind the Minister for Magic's desk, breathtaking in its ferocity. It was unlike any storm Kingsley Shacklebolt had ever seen. Dark clouds sped and churned across the sky at unnatural speeds. Rain fell in torrents, slamming against the charmed glass hard enough to rattle it in its frame. The wind howled and shrieked, an ethereal beast raging against the bowing trees. Thunder rumbled in the distance, growing louder, closer , with every pass. Kingsley watched all of this, unmoving, unseeing, lost in his thoughts. Nineteen years. For nineteen years, the wizarding world had been at peace – until now. A clap of thunder shook the sky. Lightning cracked across the clouds. A large grandfather clock ticked steadily from the corner. Kingsley closed his eyes. His pulse jumped; another lightning bolt lit up the sky, white-hot against his eyelids. Unsettling reports had begun to arise all over Britain. Giants, who had retreated to remote regions following the end of the war, were on the move, leaving chaos in their wake. Breeds of dragons foreign to the United Kingdom had been sighted all across the country, baffling dragon keepers and putting muggles everywhere in a frenzy. Dementors were attacking in Kent. Trolls were laying siege on villages. The amount of werewolf attacks had skyrocketed to unheard of numbers in the last four months. And yet, none of it was as chilling as the news Kingsley had received that morning: The centaurs have revolted. Send reinforcements at once . "Sir," Williams prompted. Kingsley roused himself from his thoughts. He had almost forgotten he wasn't alone. He turned to find the Head Obliviator watching him, face pale, mouth set. The short note laid opened on the table stretched before him. His hand trembled beside it. It was a toss-up which of them were more responsible for the storm outside. It had been Williams who had identified the handwriting – Joanna Green, a young obliviator fresh out of training who should've been off dealing with careless drunks or another sibling turned toad, not sent into a battlefield. It didn't matter that Kingsley hadn't known it was a battlefield. It didn't matter that if he had, had even the slightest inkling what was awaiting the team, she never would've been a part of it. Wasn't this how it always started? The young dying in a fight they had no place being in? "Should I send for Head Auror Potter?" Williams' voice shook. There was an edge of desperation there that Kingsley identified easily. It was the sound of pinning all hope on one man. It was a damning sound and Kingsley's heart ached for it. But the world did not care how much Harry Potter had already done for it and Harry had taken the title of Head Auror knowing the cost. "Not yet," Kingsley responded at length, turning back to the window. "Let him have this time with his family." With a wave of his hand, the reflection charm on the window fell away, revealing a sunny, crisp autumn morning. "I fear our days of peace have come to an end." • • • The chorus of voices and animal cries, the metallic rattling of carts on stone, and the rumble of the train engulfed platform 9¾, deafening in their symphony. Voices and laughter rose out of the steam, the excitement nearly tangible in the air, and everywhere, everywhere , there was a whisper, a whisper , of The Potters . For this was no ordinary day on platform 9¾. The day had finally come for another Potter to board the train and not just any Potter. The crowd jostled each other for a better look. Heads craned out of train windows, all trying to catch a glimpse, just a glimpse, of the boy they had read countless articles about. The boy who seemed to feature on the cover of Witch Weekly more often than not, with his dark muggle clothes and scowl that could freeze fire. The word rebel circled the platform in hushed tones. "The get-up on young people these days," An elderly woman whispered loudly to her group of old biddies as she eye-balled the odd-ball Potter child. The biddies hummed and clucked and one murmured around a pipe spitting pink smoke, "Distasteful is what it is. Looks practically homeless." Albus Severus Potter, rebel child and homeless dresser extraordinaire, suppressed the desire to roll his eyes, just barely. If his jaw wasn't clenched so tight against the nausea threatening the back of his throat, he would've been tempted to say something, anything . As it was, he kept his mouth shut firmly – he was not going to end up on the cover of Witch Weekly covered in vomit – and his trademark scowl fixed firmly on his cart. The advice Uncle George had given to him all those years ago floated through his thoughts, as it often did: "Laughter works better than anger, trust me." If Al closed his eyes and thought just hard enough, he could almost pretend he was seven and snorting in derision all over again. "That must be him!" A young girl gasped somewhere behind him. "Oh, he's so –" Weird, strange, different , his mind supplied as a woman intoned wearily, "Eyes in front, Emma." Somewhere to his left, an older woman cried, "Spitting image of his father!" to which a man grunted, "Never recall his father looking like that." Al switched his scowl to his school robes. Sure, they weren't as prim or neat as Rosie's, but they were school robes . How rebellious could they be? He picked at one of the creases mutinously and shot a covert glare at his father, talking cheerfully with Uncle Ron. The man was about as fashionable as turnip. How his mother let him leave the house looking like that was a mystery to him. As Al watched, a stitched golden snitch zipped across the back of Harry's emerald Weasley sweater. Al wondered if he truly applied himself if he could knock himself unconscious on the handle of his cart. A whisper of his luggage caught his attention and he tensed, but it was only Lily and Hugo, conspiring ways to sneak into Hogwarts. Or rather, Lily was conspiring. Hugo was too busy cooing at the pink pygmy puff tucked into the crook of his shoulder. Buford the pygmy puff slept on, uncaring of Hugo's affections or Lily's scheming. Lily glanced around, no doubt on the lookout for eavesdroppers seeking to foil her fool proof plan. The radish earrings in her ears dangled gently as she raised herself on her tiptoes, freckled nose scrunched in concentration. She eyed Ginny suspiciously, judged how truly immersed she was in her conversation with Aunt Hermione, then moved on. She caught Al watching and stopped her plotting long enough to comment, "Maybe nobody likes you because you're always frowning." "Lily!" Ginny scolded sharply. Apparently, she hadn't been as deaf to Lily as she led on because she rounded on the little redhead now, arms crossed and Hermione frowning her disapproval over her shoulder. "Bite me," Al retorted. " Albus ." Lily pulled a face. He pulled one back. Lily stuck out her tongue and, before Al could do the same – or that other thing he was thinking of that involved a certain finger and a summer of being grounded – Ginny put an end to it. Sighing, she grabbed Lily's shoulders and bodily turned her attention back to Hugo with a weary, "Terrorize your cousin." "Hey!" Hugo protested indignantly. His protests went ignored and, in a matter of seconds, him and Lily were back to their hushed conversation, heads bowed low. Hermione watched them, lips twitching. Al returned his glare to his cart and pretended not to notice the searching looks his mother sent his way. Rose's owl, Artemis, screeched loudly in her cage. Lily's words floated around in his head. The whispers continued from all sides, relentless snippets of Potter and son and father . Al's skin prickled beneath the weight of their stares. The various stickers covering his trunk began to blur before his eyes, Pygmy Puffs are Punk rendered illegible. His robes felt heavy, constricting. He wished he hadn't worn them, wished he had come up with some other solution, any other solution. Hugo giggled at something Lily said, most likely about him. Rose cooed and fussed over Artemis. Ginny and Hermione began talking about Winter Holidays. Al's head spun dangerously. He struggled to breathe, fingers scrambling at the side of his robes. He closed his eyes. He thought Aconite. Antimony. Alihotsy. "Look who it is," Ron said suddenly. Al attached on like a man drowning at sea. He followed the adults' gazes to where three people stood a short distance away, shrouded slightly in the steam. The tallest of the three was a man, handsome and severe. He wore expensive black slacks and a long, dark coat buttoned just shy of the base of his throat. A light grey scarf wrapped loosely around his shoulders, opened to reveal a pale neck and sharp collar bone. Beside him stood a tall, bony brunette with features that looked as if they had been carved from marble, perfect and chilled. A large emerald green feather with swirls of black curled out of the top of her wide-brim hat and Al's jaw clenched. An augurey feather. But it wasn't the man or the woman, or even the young boy who stood between them, that caught Al's attention – it was the crowd. Passerby's gave the small family a wide berth. Those who bothered to look at them at all did so with varying levels of cool indifference and hostility. They were the other set of whispers. Perhaps, that was why the crowd of platform 9¾ had worked themselves into such a frenzy. Two of their favorite topics to gossip about all in one place: The Potters and The Malfoys. Al wondered if the boy felt the looks being tossed at him as keenly as he did. Draco Malfoy looked up then and caught sight of Al's family. He nodded stiffly and, out of the corner of his eyes, Al saw his father nod back. Mr. Malfoy moved to turn away, but at last second, his eyes lingered on Al. Al, as he often did, wondered what he saw. "So, that's little Scorpius," Ron murmured beneath his breath. Mr. Malfoy placed a hand on the young boy's shoulder and leaned down to say