Forbidden love A Fan-Fic By Casey Marsh (Ep. 1) Hermione and Draco walk into the great hall together joining hands. No one else is around Draco: are we telling our parents today? Hermione: yes, I think it is time they know, but what about Harry and Ron (Draco stares at Hermione as if she suggested to kill them) Hermione: they are my friends they don't have to be yours. Draco: good, then we aren't going to tell them till the gossip starts to arise. (The sound of footsteps makes Hermione and Draco separate into separate sides of the room) Harry enters Harry: Hermione what are you doing here we have a study group remember? Hermione: ah, yes I'm going to have to cancel that sorry I have library duty today, sorry. Harry: oh….well alright. (Harry walks up to Draco) Draco: what a pleasure it is. (Draco bows as if harry is royalty) Harry: just stay away from her, (Harry points to Hermione) Draco: Why would I go near a mudblood? (Harry takes out his wand) Hermione: HARRY STOP HE'S NOT WORHT IT. (Harry looks at Hermione and puts his wand away) Draco: thank you now if you'll excuse me Draco exits Harry: you shouldn't let him call you that. Hermione: I know Harry exits Draco enters behind Hermione (Draco picks her up from behind) Hermione: (Laughing) PUT ME DOWN Draco: only if I get to keep you Hermione: than I guess you can put me down. (Draco puts her down kisses her cheek and walks away) Draco exits (Hermione leans up against the wall) Ginny enters Ginny: So you and harry, Eh? Hermione: what do you mean? Ginny: he comes to get you, then I see you after he left, against the wall, smiling like a hyena. Hermione: oh my god NO, I was thinking about my boyfriend Ginny: BOYFRIEND?! WHOO!? Hermione: he's a boy from my town, please don't spread it around Ginny: I promise not to tell a soul. Hermione: thank you I just started seeing him. Ginny: is he a muggle? Hermione: yes, listen I have to go to the library Ginny: ok bye Hermione enters the library (Neville is in the library shelving books) (Hermione goes to find her favourite book, Draco stands there holding it just reading it) Hermione: I'm guessing your waiting for me? Draco: nah, I'm enjoying the book (Draco puts the book down and grabs Hermione's hips pulling her toward him) (Neville walks in to put a book on the shelf just as Hermione and Draco's lips touch) Neville: get off her! (Draco and Hermione separate from each and look at the ground) Neville: Oh so you two huh? Hermione: Neville never repeat anything you saw her…EVER! (Draco stands motionless) Hermione: come on Draco lets go to do that project. Draco: right…. (Hermione drags Draco to a study table) Draco: so tomorrow we tell my parents and then yours Hermione: sounds good and if our parents don't like it? Draco: then we will run away together. Hermione: where? Draco: to your boyfriend from your hometown's house. Hermione: oh ha ha ha (Ep.2) Draco is in his house and Hermione is at hers both arguing with their parents. Draco: father you can't stop me from loving her Luscious: she is a mudblood you will wreak our pure-blood Draco don't you see that I don't care Luscious: you will not see her again Draco: watch me Draco exits (Hermione's argument) Hermione: I love him Mrs Granger: he is dangerous we read it in the paper Mr Granger: honey we don't want u seeing him Hermione: I can't do that Mrs Granger: do what? Hermione: I can't do what you say anymore I'm done listening to you Hermione exits slamming the door behind her (Hermione and Draco meet at Diagon Ally) (Hermione and Draco embrace) Hermione: how'd it go? Draco: are you ready to run away Hermione: I think we should go back to school so no one gets any ideas. Draco: maybe that's what we want Hermione: seriously though Draco (Draco caresses Hermione's face) Draco: don't worry we'll have a home for six months (Draco pulls Hermione into a hug as she starts to cry) (Harry starts walking in their direction not seeing them) Draco: you want to tell your friends yet? Hermione: not really why? Draco: cause he's walking right toward us Hermione: I don't want to leave this hug I don't feel like talking. Draco: ok we'll tell him then (Draco runs his fingers though her hair calming her) (Harry approaches) Harry: h-h-Hermione? Hermione: hello harry. Harry: why are you crying did he hurt you? Draco: NO! Hermione: Harry sit down Ron exits the store next to them Ron: what's happening? Hermione why are you crying did Draco hurt you Hermione: No he didn't hurt me sit down Ron Ron: ok? Hermione: Draco and I are together (Ron stands up and launches at Draco) Hermione: RON STOP! Ron: what has he done to you to make you love him? Hermione: you don't know him like I do (Draco looks touched by this) Harry: stupefy! (Draco flies back hitting his head in the wall) Hermione: DRACO! (Hermione rushes over to Draco his platinum blonde hair has turned red on the back of his head) (Harry and Ron run off) Hermione: HELP! SOMEONE HELP! Draco: Herm-I-on-e Hermione: I'm here (Hermione Bushes his hair from his dreamy grey eyes) (A man from the crowd comes over and gives Draco a potion that heals his wounds Hermione hugs the man) Ten Minutes later… (Draco sits up feeling dizzy) Hermione: hey, hey take it easy you need some rest Draco: I had a feeling you might have left with them Hermione: I would never leave you we are in this together (Draco holds Hermione's hand as he falls back to sleep) (Hermione drifts off to sleep soon after) (Luscious Malfoy taps Hermione and her shoulder waking her and Draco) Luscious: I could call the ministry on you Miss Granger! Hermione: For What? Luscious: for kidnapping my young, delirious Draco Draco: don't you dare Luscious Luscious: what happened to father? Draco: a father is meant to be respectful and trustworthy you are neither you don't deserve the title. (Hermione picks up her and Draco's coat) Hermione: come on Draco Draco: coming (Luscious calls after them) Luscious: are just going to let her boss you around? Draco I'm cooperating Luscious: you are no son of mine. Draco I'd rather be a Granger than a Malfoy any day. Hermione and Draco exit hand in hand…... (Ep.3) Hermione and Draco stand side by side at the entry gate to Hogwarts Hermione: are we going in together? Draco: I thought you would decide (Hermione grabs Draco's hand in answer they walk in together soaked in stares) Ginny: Hermione why Weasel holding your hand Hermione and Draco: we- we – um – we're together (The great hall is silent) (Ron and Harry walk up and just stare) Ron: LOOK WHAT DRACO HAS DONE TO HER! Harry: HE HAS BRAINWASHED HER INTO LOVING AND WE ARE GOING TO MAKE HIM PAY! Hermione: Harry, Ron Stop! Draco: come on Hermione Hermione: I'm Sorry Draco no I have had it up to here with you two Harry: what are you going to do? Ron: You're a girl! (Hermione draws out her wand) Hermione: you want to get to him you have to go through me Harry: Stupefy (Hermione Blocks) Hermione: IMPERIO (Harry's shirt catches fire and sends him tumbling backwards while Ron tries to put it out Draco and Hermione run away from them) Draco: are you alright? Hermione: Harry may be the "Chosen One" but when it comes to spells he's hopeless. (Draco starts to laugh) (Hermione giggles) Draco: I never realised how cute your laugh is. Hermione: it's an ugly laugh. (Draco grabs Hermione's shoulders) Draco: you are beautiful and I'm not going to let you or anyone else say otherwise. (Hermione looks into Draco's mysterious eyes and throws her hands around Draco's neck and kisses him everyone walking by just stares but both neither Draco or Hermione can feel their presence all they can feel is each other) Hermione: well come on we've got potions (Hermione half leads half drags Draco to potions being 3 minutes late) (Hermione is giggling when they enter the class) Prof. Slughorn: You're late Hermione: (still giggling) sorry sir won't happen again. Draco: I wouldn't say that (Harry gives Draco an intermit glare) (Hermione and Draco hold hands under the desk) Prof. Slughorn: Now Miss Granger and Mr Malfoy you'll need two hands for this…. Harry: (interrupts) if they can unlink their hands! Prof. Slughorn: that's enough Mr Potter, now Miss Granger and Mr Malfoy I need to concoct a love potion but we need to knead the wolfsbane. Hermione: will we be testing the L-love potion Prof. Slughorn: why yes Miss Granger. Potions Class ends Outside the slytherin common room Draco: you coming in? Hermione: I can't go in there! Draco: all right scaredy cat we'll find somewhere else. (As Draco and Hermione are wondering the corridors and hiding from teachers on the seventh floor a door appeared in front of them as they looked inside the room is a bedroom small but it works Draco and Hermione Spend the night cuddling each for warmth and fall into a dream filled sleep) (Ep.4) Hermione's dream. (In her dream Hermione and Ron had ended up together in her dream she hated Draco and he ended up killing himself while he was trying to win her over) Ron: it's lucky that Malfoy died he was a real hassle Hermione: I know he was a real hassle Harry: Hermione you're looking good Hermione: well if you say so? (The ghost of Draco haunts her dreams as she keeps seeing his death over and over again) Draco's dream. (In his dream he runs through a maze watching Hermione die over and over in different torturing ways) Draco: HERMIONE. (Both Hermione and Draco wake suddenly) Hermione: (screams) DRACOO! Draco: Hermione are you alright? Hermione: no I had a horrible dream you were dead and it was my fault and I kept seeing your ghost (Hermione starts to cry) (Draco never speaks about his dream but it's still haunting him he is never going to let her go) (They sit in embrace for hours till they fall back to a dreamless sleep.) In the morning…. Hermione and Draco and still held in embrace Hermione: Hey are you alright? Draco: now that you're here (Draco runs his hands through her hair making Hermione's heart race Draco stands taking Hermione with him Hermione wraps her legs around Draco, Draco has Hermione against the wall and then they both hear foot steps outside the door also hearing McGonagall's voice) McGonagall: the room of requirements hasn't been opened in 10 years Dumbledore Dumbledore: then we should leave who is inside alone. McGonagall: no they may be skipping class Dumbledore: then see for yourself (McGonagall opens the door) (Hermione and Draco hide in the vanishing cupboard which is a bit too small for both of them.) (McGonagall doesn't find anything but a messed up bed) (Once the door shuts Hermione continues kissing Draco's neck) Draco: come on we have Dark arts we don't want potter getting ideas do we Hermione: about what? Draco: About exactly what we were just doing he may think I killed you. Hermione: if we have to Draco: yes we have to (Draco opens the cupboard door and gets out) (Draco picks Hermione and spins her around kissing her intently) Hermione: I thought we had a class Draco: who says we have to be on time (Hermione goes up on her tip toes and gives Draco a kiss on the cheek) Hermione: Come on then if you don't want to be late Draco and Hermione exit the room arms around each other as they go to class Hermione and Draco are still five minutes