This first chapter is just kind of Glimmers Hunger Games and how she got there and really just builds on whats to start to happen, the story also starts to show where Finnicks interest peaks in. Theres lots of change in point of view so just kind of watch for it where theres line breaks (flash backs are in italics!) Running. Running for her damn life. These are games, the capitols games, hopeless, and fatal. "Cato" She screams desperately, her alliance, her new found love. What a time and place to find love. The 73rd Hunger Games, a year earlier than she was supposed to be reaped but fate has a way of screwing us all over. Running through the snow of the manufactured mountains she struggles not to fall, for it would be her end. "Here I come lover girl, can't run forever can you?" Glimmer squeezes her eyes and runs harder, with more purpose. She tries to ignore the voice of the girl from District 7. How the tables have turned, the hunters become the hunted, a sorry excuse for a career. She looks about, desperate for an escape, ducking between trees, dodging boulders, climbing higher, breathing harder. Tears stream down her face; she knows this could be it. She stops; this ends here, turns, and pulls out one of her throwing knives. "Then come and get me." The girl from seven comes to a stop in front of her. In one swift throw the knife sticks, right in her chest. Another, Glimmer thinks, again, and again. The girl falls to her knees. Blood pouring as she pulls the daggers from her chest. Brown eyes meet her emerald ones, pulling the final dagger out and throwing it at her. It misses but nicks her shoulder. The girl from falls face first into the snow, the cannons sounds. Glimmer falls to her knees, stifling a scream of agony. Where is he, where is Cato? "Glimmer!" He's coming; he thinks that canon was mine. Crunching of the snow put her on high alert, quickly she loads her bow and turns to the source. "Please, shoot me!" The little girl from District Nine says, terror on her face. "I don't want to die in pain, please just make it quick. I'm begging you." Glimmer feels her heart break, and shatter. She nods and a tear slips down both their faces. "I am sorry this happened to you. You deserved a much better fate" The blonde girl whispers before letting the arrow fly, striking her straight in the heart. Seconds later another cannon booms. She throws her bow and arrow down, going to cradle the 12 year old girls face. She crosses the girls' arms and closes her eyes. For the first time she notices the gaping injury in her leg, no wonder the poor child wanted it to end. "The world owed you so much more" Her voice breaks and she stands, gathering her gear and heading towards where Cato's voice had echoed. "Cato!" Where is she? I stand, and take off in the direction I had heard her voice, it's all that echoes throughout my head. My beautiful, beautiful Glimmer, I hope she knows I'm coming. She's in the mountains, how the hell did she manage to get to the mountains? I run as fast as my legs will carry me. She hasn't screamed since, I need to know if she's okay. A canon goes off. "Glimmer!" Another cannon, another chance she is dead. Faster, harder I run, she needs me, why did we split up, why did I even suggest it. When did I fall for the beautiful huntress? The girl with eyes of gems and hair of gold, what I would give to get her out of this arena. She has family at home and I don't, I'm just a pawn in a game to bring pride to my district. I'm nothing more than a goddamn murder. These thoughts make me run faster. I have to find her alive or not. If she has died I'll take revenge on every last person in this arena. I hear a familiar voice, singing. She's alive. " And when he gets home he'll bring a diamond, a pearl, and a brand new home. These are the games, their games, volunteer small child you'll make it through, you'll make us proud. Hold your head high now" Her voice is broken. She's sitting on a boulder, crying, and bleeding. I watch her for a moment I just want to be able to hold her, to tell her I love her that we're going to be ok. It'd be a lie though. "Glimmer I was so worried" I rush to her and pull her into my arms. I feel her sobbing against my shoulder. I know the two cannons were her doing. It brings her kill count to six. Six more than she ever wanted. "I should have let her kill me Cato," I pull her back to look into those beautiful, broken eyes, "I'm senselessly murdering people and in the end it wont even matter." I stay strong, for her. It's all for her. "My love, I swear to you, I will get you out of here" I pull her close and press my lips to hers, saying everything I can't through this kiss. "Knowing you has made my life so much more than it could ever be without you Glimmer, without your there is nothing left. I need you and without you I'd rather be dead." Her eyes are swimming with tears, he loves her. She can see it with every look he gives her, with every word he says. She kisses the boy with passion, communicating she cares for him to, that knowing him has been the greatest honor. "I care for you more than you know Cato Hadley." She whispers so low only he can hear, because her words are for him and only him, not for the media, not for the families of the tributes she's killed. It's all for him. He takes a look at her shoulder and takes his backpack, digging for the little medical box they had. He cleans it and wraps it. Her jacket is ruined, he hands her his, she accepts hesitantly, not wanting to take more from him than she already has. He places a soft hand on her cheek; she moves her hand to cover his. They almost forget where they are, lost in the others eyes, the others presence calming them. "I killed the little girl from Nine." Tears run down her face, the little girl reminded her so much of her own sister, her heartaches. He nods, understanding she did it out of mercy, it's unspoken but he knows Glimmer doesn't kill unless she must. She was lethal though, trained to be this way, from a young age it had been understood Glimmer would go into the games. Her aunt and uncle, past victors, trained her personally. There's a crunching behind the two lovers, they immediately turn to see the rest of their alliance, the girl Kai from Four, Platinum from One, and my better half from Two, Alexis. "Hey lovebirds-" Alexis is cut off in the middle of her sentence, a spear pierces her chest, Glimmer pulls her arrow with cat like reflexes and her arrow hits right between the eyes, another straight in the chest of the boy from Twelve who was hiding in the trees. In a matter of seconds two cannons go off, I fall to my knees and hold Alexis, she wasn't much but she was from home. Her grey blue eyes permanently closed. I feel Glimmer place a slim hand on my shoulder. She killed him, she killed the guy who did this. She knew it hurt me, and she did it for me. I will never stop owing Glimmer . "I'm so sorry Alexis." It's a whisper but I hope they broadcast it so her family can see it. Kai and Platinum are in shock but on watch now. Glimmer pulls me away; our group of four begins walking towards the large lake in the center where we've been camping by the cornucopia. Kai O'dair and Glimmer have become friends. When it comes time to leave Platinum and Kai it seems I'll be the one taking them out, I wouldn't dare ask Glimmer to even consider the possibility. There is no rest in this arena. "There's only six of us left, we should think about separating now." Platinum states matter of factly. He's not wrong. Glimmer nods and squeezes my hand before letting go and hugging Kai. "Kai Odair welcome!" Caesar said, the crowd screamed with approval. She's all smiles, sea green eyes, lightly tanned skin, and bronze locks, a female version of her brother Finnick. "And thank you all for having me!" she giggles. Her flowy blue dress looks just like the ocean. They're not playing her sex appeal like they did her brother, even though she is equally as attractive. She's playing bubbly and social, much like Glimmer. "So tell us Kai, any special boys at home?" She laughs and places her hand on Caesars upper arm, "I'm not one to kiss and tell Caesar but I'll tell you what, I'll tell you a secret if you tell me one." They're all smiles and the crowds laugh and encourage it. They're going crazy for her. "What kind of secret?" The host says with his famous smile, "need to see what im getting myself into folks!" The crowd howls. "Hmmm," Kai says with a mischievous grin on her face, "well depending on your secret I'll find one of mine to match, so I'd make it good." Cue the flirtatious flip of her hair. "Oh boy, ok," He stops, seemingly stumped, "I secretly bet on your brother to win his games, I saw it in his eyes, one of my favorite tributes." The crowd laughs knowing he would bring her brother up, Kai seems pleased enough with the so-called secret. "I guess it's my turn! Well the whole ride here Finnick, as my mentor, told me to ask you for a secret, I guess I did well!" The crowd hoots and hollers. Caesar laughs and shakes Kai's hand, "It's been a pleasure Miss Odair maybe if you come back we can continue our game of secrets!" "Perhaps so, see you soon Caesar." She walks off stage with a smile and a blow of a kiss to the audience. She was a fan favorite. Kai hugs Glimmer tightly back, "Stay safe ok?" the bronze haired huntress whispers. "And you too, I'm betting on you." The blonde whispers back. They all head back to the campsite and divide up supplies, the deal is they all four head in separate directions and Glimmer is just fine with that. No more having to live for Cato. Let the next person she runs into finish her off and be one less person in his way. But she could also take out a few for him, make it easier. She knows she doesn't have it in her to kill Kai, because if Cato had died earlier on, she would have worked on getting Kai out instead. Platinum isn't anyone huge in her life, they're not close, or even really friends. They tolerated each other, but they were cousins, and that's where her loyalty with him lye. She couldn't harm anyone of her previous alliances, only help them and that's what she would do. Glimmer grabs a set of knives and her arrows, I hand her a couple of bags that she compiles into one. She really plans on separating from me, which hurts more than it should. I knew that it'd happen; I think her instinct is kicking in to survive. I'm not mad about that. I want her to survive, she's more than capable of holding her own, and she doesn't need me. That hits me harder than