Summary: When Bella Potter meets Death, she takes him up on his offer to be placed in a parallel universe. She wakes up to find herself in the Godric's Hollow graveyard, on October 31st, 1981. Her mission now is to save and protect Harry, and give him the life that she never had. Simple, right? It's only once she's all in that she realises that universe hopping isn't all that easy as it sounds. Especially with a certain doglike man annoying her. fem!HarryxSirius Warnings: Fem!Harry. Crude language. Will have sexual situations in the future. Rating will most probably go up from a T to an M. Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns Harry Potter & co. I make no money out of this. This disclaimer is applicable to all future chapters. Cover image : The cover image is based on a picture called 'Girl Harry Potter' by milky0candy. Used with permission. Check out their profile on DeviantArt . com. THREADS OF TIME Chapter 1 "If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world." ~ C. S. Lewis ~ OoOoO Bella opens her eyes, to find that she is looking up at the sky. She can see the stars, twinkling. Slowly, she becomes aware of the cold hard ground under her, and that's when her olfactory senses kick in. She can feel the stench of residual Dark Magic that has just occurred. Somehow, she knows where she is. And if she knows her rather witty friend Death, she knows which time He has sent her to. She groans and stands up, to see that she is indeed in Godric's Hollow. In fact, she's in the graveyard, at the spot where her parents will soon be buried. Death's irony is not lost on her. She looks down to see what she has. What tools are at her disposal? She has the Elder Wand in her wand holster. She has the Invisibility cloak draped around her shoulders. She can't find the Resurrection Stone anywhere on her, but she decides it doesn't matter. After all, of what use is the Stone? She stuffs the cloak into the inner pocket of her robe, surprised that it actually fits in. She looks around to get a sense of the directions, and then just decides to follow the smell. She starts running to the Potters' house. Her house, in a parallel dimension. She stops running only when she comes to the wreckage. The wooden gates are charred and the door is hanging off its hinges. She enters warily. At the bottom of the staircase she encounters her dead father's body, and her throat closes. His glassy stare makes her want to cry. The first time in her living memory that she sees him, and he's dead. She kneels on the ground and does what she did to Dobby a lifetime back. She closes his eyes, and then kisses him on the forehead. She walks up the staircase, knowing what she will encounter now. The smell of Dark Magic is the strongest from the room on her right, and she follows the smell. She isn't surprised to find that this whole side of the house is missing a wall. The ceiling has caved in, and she can hear the softest of sniffles. She walks boldly into the room, keeping her eyes open despite her urge to close her eyes and bawl like a baby. She has to be strong. She sees the baby crying in the crib, its green eyes wide, tears streaming down its face. There's a nasty scar on its forehead, and she quashes down the urge to pick up the baby and comfort it. Instead, she looks down and sees her mother, her dead mother, lying spread-eagled on the floor. She kneels down next to her, and touches her mother's face, to find that it is wet. Her face is still warm. Bella brushes the fiery red hair of the woman in front of her, and smiles sadly as she feels the tears roll down her own cheeks. "Thank you for saving me in not just this life but in my own as well, mum," she says softly, her voice shaking. Her green eyes stare at the dead green eyes in front of her, and she breaks down. "Mother, mama, mum, mom, mommy, marmee," she calls out, a bittersweet smile on her face. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to use those words." The baby starts crying loudly, and Bella knows that it is time to leave. She closes her mother's eyes, just the way she closed her father's eyes, and kisses the cooling body on the forehead. She then stands up and walks over to the cradle, to pick up the baby. Automatically, the baby's hands raise, and Bella picks it up. She kisses the baby's forehead and smiles down at the green eyes which stare back at her, without blinking. "I'll look after you, love. You're safe now." She walks out of the door, closing the baby's eyes when they cross their dead father's body. Once out of the ruins of the house, she dabs at the baby's forehead with the sleeve of her robe. The baby winces and wriggles in her arms. She decides against using an Epiksey, as she doesn't know how babies react to magic. She protectively cradles the baby between her arms, and Apparates to the gates of Hogwarts. OoOoO She is surprised that no one has stopped her, yet. She makes her way to the gargoyle and starts guessing sweets at random. The gargoyle looks down at her, disapprovingly. She hits jackpot when she says lemon-drop, because the gargoyle springs aside and lets her go past. The door opens before she can even knock and her eyes meet the twinkling eyes of Albus Dumbledore, a man she thought she would never see again. The baby shifts its head in her arms. "I knew there was a visitor on campus, but since I couldn't find any malicious intent when you passed through the wards, I decided that you were here, most likely, to meet me." Bella nods, before taking the seat that he gestures her towards. "Professor Dumbledore, I have a story to tell, that I hope you will believe. The fate of this world rests upon your faith in my story. I do not mind taking Veritaserum to prove its authenticity." Dumbledore leans back in his chair, crossing his arms. The twinkling in his eyes diminish as he nods his head. "Please continue, Ms. -" he pauses. "Potter." His eyes widen slightly, and she grimaces. "Shall I begin, Headmaster?" "Yes, please." The baby makes a sound, and she smoothens its unruly hair. She doesn't know why her parents have kept the baby's hair so short. Shouldn't girls have long hair? "My name is Isobel Lily Potter. I was born on July 31st, 1980. My parents were Lily Rose Evans and James Charlus Potter. A few months before I was born, a prophecy was made, which stated that I would be the one to vanquish the one known as the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord, Voldemort learnt of just the first two lines of the prophecy from a Death Eater who overheard it being made, and decided to kill me. Because of this, my parents went into hiding along with me, making one of their friends the Secret-keeper. But at the last minute, they switched Secret-keepers. The new Secret-keeper betrayed my parents to Voldemort, and on October 31st, 1981, the Dark Lord visited Godric's Hollow, where I lived as a child with my parents. "My trusting father didn't even have a chance against Voldemort, for he did not have his wand on him. Voldemort killed him, and moved upstairs to my room, where my mother was protecting me. She pleaded with him to not kill me, but he refused. Ultimately, she sacrificed herself for me, invoking the ancient magick of love. Voldemort next turned his wand upon me and cast the killing curse. However, the curse rebounded, and it hit him. Everyone thought him to be destroyed and dead. The place where the curse hit me left a scar on my forehead." She brushes her hair aside to show her scar. The old man seems to have aged greatly, just hearing the beginning of the story. His eyes travel to the baby she is holding, where a similar lightning shaped scar is on its head. For some reason, the baby feels like a 'he', not a 'she'. She continues her tale. "Soon I was rescued by the Gamekeeper of Hogwarts, Rubeus Hagrid, and upon the Headmaster's commands, was left with my Muggle aunt and uncle. To say they treated me terribly would be an understatement. They kept me locked up in a cupboard under a staircase for most of my life. "On my eleventh birthday, I found out from Hagrid that I was a witch. I learnt of my true identity then. I shall try to be as brief as possible, as time is of essence. I was sorted into Gryffindor, and you returned my cloak to me. Needless to say, Voldemort wasn't dead. He made his first attempt to come back in my First Year by sharing the body of a Professor. I managed to get rid of him once again, because of my mother's blood that ran in my veins. "In the Second Year, he returned, in a way, as Tom Riddle. He'd left behind the memories of his sixteen year old self in a diary. That diary fell into the hands of a naive friend of mine. The diary possessed her and let loose the same monster that petrified Hogwarts students forty years back. I managed to destroy the diary, almost dying in the process. "Come my third year, a supposed mass murderer escaped from Azkaban. That was the year when I started learning about the past. My past. This supposed mass murderer who also betrayed my parents was apparently my Godfather, Sirius Black. The rumour was that he was out to kill me. But I soon found out that he actually escaped prison to kill the real traitor, Peter Pettigrew. Pettigrew was the real Secret-keeper. After my parents' death, he had framed Sirius and faked his own death. When Sirius realised that Peter was hiding at Hogwarts in his Animagus form, posing a risk to my life, he broke out. "With the help of Remus Lupin, who was the DADA Professor at Hogwarts at that time, Sirius managed to catch Peter and convince me of his innocence. You too were convinced of his innocence. However, before anything could be done, Peter turned into in a rat and escaped. So Sirius was forced to go into hiding. "The Triwizard Tournament was held in my Fourth Year, and somehow, I was chosen as a fourth champion, despite you placing an age limit. All through that year, I had nightmares of Voldemort killing people. I knew that he was making an attempt on my life once again. The third task was a trap, and a fellow Hogwarts student and I were Portkeyed to a graveyard. The other student was killed almost immediately, and using my blood, Pettigrew resurrected Voldemort. That was the start of the Second War. I duelled him and a phenomenon called Priori Incantetum occurred, spinning a golden web around us. When I escaped and told the story, very few people believed me. If it is of any comfort, you believed my story. The Prime Minister denied everything. "Voldemort had help from inside the school. Mad-Eye Moody, the DADA professor, was an impostor. The real Moody was tied up and left alone in a trunk. A Death Eater, Barty Crouch Jr., was using Polyjuice. Fudge, the Minister, had him Kissed immediately, in order to prevent the truth from coming out. "The next year, you restarted the Order of the