Summary: She passes him a note because she's bored during Binns' class. It's funny how the butterfly effect works, because a piece of parchment with some ink on it - a mere relief for boredom - will now change the outcome of the future war. The tiniest of actions can have the biggest of impacts. [Eventual fem!Harry/Draco; starts Fifth Year; AUish; Will be a LONG story.] Warnings: Fem!Harry. Gender-bending is not everybody's cup of tea. Consider yourself warned. Also, initially, some OOCness. Ratings: T, for now. Disclaimer: JKR owns HP & co. This disclaimer is applicable to all future chapters. Note: I started writing this story a loooong time back, so the writing might be a little choppy and rough around the edges. It will be much better from the tenth chapter on, seeing as I wrote those chapters pretty recently. It's a guarantee. NOTEWORTHY BOREDOM Butterfly Effect: In chaos theory, the butterfly effect is the sensitive dependence on initial conditions in which a small change in one state of a deterministic nonlinear system can result in large differences in a later state. CHAPTER 1 PASSING NOTES Harriet Potter was bored out of her mind. Hermione was busy taking down notes, and Ron was fast asleep, drooling slightly onto the wooden desk. Parvati and Lavender were sitting two benches away, silently giggling at a PlayWitch magazine hidden under their table, while Neville was staring longingly at Parvati. And Harry was still ignoring Dean and Seamus, because all they wanted to do was stare at her chest. Bloody gits. That left her with no one to bother. Harriet hated being bored. She was highly boisterous by nature. And then she spied a pretentious blond head on her right side, sitting diagonally in front of her. That idiot had been threatening to give her detention ever since he had shown off his new Prefect badge to her on the train. She decided to write him a note. OoOoO Tap. Tap. Draco Malfoy raised his head irritably, annoyed at being woken up during History of Magic. He looked down to see a paper-crane, tapping its beak against his elbow to catch his attention. Tap. Tap. He guessed that he was supposed to open it. After all, what more could he do with a paper-crane? Wasn't there a Muggle art called origami? To his surprise, he found a note inside, addressed to him. . ' Malfoy. I remember you boasting last year about your 'French' ancestry. Your name should be spelt Mal-foie, though. Because you really do look like spoilt (mal) foie (foie gras). Suck on that.' . Draco knew that there was only one person in the entire school who always sought to him antagonise him this way. It was the Golden Girl, Harriet Potter. He turned around to regard her with contempt, but he was distracted by the fact that she seemed to be attempting to copy his trademark sneer. He shook his head at her childish antics and turned back to face the ghost that was droning on about goblin revolts. Something hit his leg, and he looked down to see a crumpled up ball of paper. Obviously, Potter had given up on origami this time. He picked it up, and opened it out. . 'Say something. Your silence scares me. Are you breaking up with me?' . Malfoy rolled his eyes upon seeing this. He found it adorable, her attempts to annoy him. His eyes widened in horror, as he realised that he'd just mentally acknowledged his greatest rival as adorable. He decided to get back at her. OoOoO Harriet was waiting impatiently for Malfoy to get annoyed. But he wasn't getting annoyed. And Harry was growing frustrated. A tiny dragonfly, made of paper, landed in front of her face. It then opened out into a piece of uncreased parchment. . ' The only reason why I'd ever break up with you would be so that we could have mind-blowing make-up sex. - Your amazing lover' . Looking at the response, she felt a twinge of annoyance, but that was replaced by amusement. She wasn't embarrassed. Unlike other witches her age, Harriet did not blush like a virgin at the very mention of a penis. Though she was a virgin, she thought wryly to herself. Harry grinned when she caught his eye, and feeling bold, she winked at him. He smirked back at her, just as the bell rang. After managing to wake Ron up, the three of them were making their way to the staircase to go to the dungeons for Double Potions with the Slytherins (once again), when Harriet felt herself get pulled up into a niche. She could not turn around and see the person, but she recognised his voice. "By the way, Potter, it's pronounced as 'fwa gra' not 'foy gra'. If you want to sleep with me, you should know that I like my lovers fluent in French." With that, he disappeared just as suddenly as he had appeared. Harry shook her head and hurried up to catch up with Ron and Hermione, rolling her eyes. Malfoy was a bloody git. OoOoO The next day, at breakfast, Harriet was feeling glum, despite Ron's goofy attempts to make her smile. Lavender had just accused her of being a lying, attention-seeking prat in the dormitory, and finally, it was sinking in that most of the others felt that way too. And even though Hermione had stood up for her and threatened that cow with a detention, Harry couldn't help but feel angry. She was speaking the truth. Were the other wizards and witches so caught up in their denial that they didn't want to start preparing for the inevitable war? And to top it all, she had detention with that Umbridge female for the rest of the week. She needed something to cheer her up. She wondered if Sirius would write to her today. But seeing as they'd been apart for just a little less than forty-eight hours, she doubted that he would write to her. Just as she was thinking this, a tawny owl with a beautiful crest landed in front of her. The owl gave her a haughty look of contempt as it held out its gold covered talon. Gold covered talon? Obviously, the owl belonged to someone who was wealthy enough to waste gold on making footwear for their owl. The owl promptly flew away, not even waiting for some treat. She unrolled the parchment, to find a familiar, elegant scrawl. . ' Dear Bad-French-Speaker, Why so glum? Heard what happened in DADA yesterday. I believe you. Your amazing lover, Bad foie gras' . She felt herself smiling, as she turned around to look at the Slytherin table. She caught Malfoy's eyes and smiled at him, while he just smirked in her direction. It was certainly uncharacteristic of him to do that. "Harry! Are you even listening?" questioned Hermione, looking peeved. "What's that in your hand, mate?" asked Ron, as he snatched the parchment away from her. Hermione and Ron leaned in to read the note, just as Harriet tried to grab it away from them. "You looked at the Slytherin table and smiled," he accused, pointing a finger at her. "MERLIN! YOU HAVE A SLYTHERIN BOYFRIEND?" yelled Ron so loudly, that all conversation in the Great Hall came to a stop. Even the professors had stopped talking. Snape's eyes were bulging out, while toad-faced Umbridge had a satisfied smile on her face. That bitch had already given her detention. "Shush, Ron. Stop being such a clown!" admonished Hermione, a strange look on her face. Harry grabbed the parchment from him and stood up, feeling annoyed. She masked her features into a look of indifference and said coldly, "Can't you read, Weasley? I have a Slytherin lover, not a boyfriend." At this, the whole Hall gasped, and people started whispering furiously, as Ron's ears turned red, a sure sign of his anger. Hermione was gripping Ron's arm, in an attempt to restrain him. With her head held high, she walked out of the Great Hall, to whispers of 'slut' and 'whore'. She didn't really care. She wasn't new to being ostracised. OoOoO Hermione sat next to Harriet during Double Charms, while Ron sat with those gits Seamus and Dean. They were revising Summoning Charms, and Harriet was once again bored out of her mind. In her anger, Harry managed to summon all the items with such force, that the flying objects nearly took away the head of all those in its way. She ensured that it was Ron's head which was in the way most of the time. However, Professor Flitwick's large homework was nothing compared to Professor McGonagall's class. Vanishing Spells were super hard, and Hermione was the only one who managed to vanish her snail, after trying thrice. Harry took great consolation in the fact that Ron's snail too hadn't disappeared, though she was still not talking to Ron. When Seamus asked Harry if she was available for a quick shag at a reasonable price outside the Transfiguration classroom, Ron lost it. He started pummelling the Irish boy to the floor. Hermione made half-hearted attempts to hold him back, while Dean stood back and watched with concern etched on his face. It was just their luck that Malfoy had to walk by with his two cronies. And despite him being nice (occasionally) for the past two days, she didn't trust him. After all, they had hated each other for the past four years. "Tut-tut. Fighting in the corridor. I must give you Gryffindorks detention for being so unruly right in the morning," said Malfoy, sneering. Crabbe and Goyle both nodded their gorilla-like heads in unison, irritating Harry even more. "You can't give detention to a Prefect, Malfoy," Harriet found herself answering, feeling an urge to goad the blond boy. "Didn't I already tell you to have some manners back on the train? Do you really want a detention, Scarface?" "Oh sod off, Malfoy." "I'm giving you detention, Potter. Meet me at the Great Hall at nine tonight." "I refuse." "Make that two detentions." Ron had stopped hitting Seamus, and Ron and Hermione came and stood on either side of Harry. "In which case, I'm giving double detention to Crabbe," said Hermione, her bushy hair looking bushier than ever. Ron continued, "And I'm giving double detention to Goyle." "What for?" asked Malfoy, sneering. "For simply existing," came Harriet's response, her face twisting into an uncharacteristic smirk. Malfoy sneer turned into a smirk, and they both kept smirking at each other, till Seamus' voice interrupted them. "Is Malfoy the Slytherin lover?" Seamus yelped in pain, as both Malfoy and Harry hexed him. The combined effect of the Jelly-Legs-Jinx and the Furnuculus Jinx made for such a sight, that Malfoy's lackeys and Harry's best friends all started laughing. As Harry laughed at the same ridiculous thing in front of her, she caught Malfoy's eye. Here was something that could make people of two opposing houses laugh. When Malfoy smiled at her, she couldn't help but return the smile. Because all said and done, despite being a right git, Malfoy had a nice smile. OoOoO Harry and Ron were on talking terms once again. Both of them skipped lunch and went to the library instead. They were both panicking about their homework. Hermione had gone off to meet the Head Girl and ask her about the detention policy. Once Ron found out that Harry had never even kissed a boy before, he started talking to her freely. He was positively thrilled to find out that Malfoy and Harry were not in a relationship. But if Harriet were to be true to herself, she had to admit that Malfoy had been sort-of nice to her ever since the school term had started a couple of days back. But she'd never tell that to Ron. He would just get mad once again. Harriet's head was pounding by the