So, I have been allowed to honour of continuing BlackToWhite's story 'Back in their Day'. Hopefully I will not muck it up. Anyway, you know the drill. Harry Potter doesn't belong to me, first 7 chapters belong to BlackToWhite (although I edited small parts, not enough to change the story line, just words, phrasing, etc, you get the gist) oh and the general story line won't be mine either. Think that's about it. Enjoy! Chapter 1 – Arrival of the Stranger "To all the new faces – welcome to Hogwarts! To all the old ones, welcome back! A few things before the feast, after which you will probably be to full to listen to an old man talk." As Dumbledore said this, many people grinned – that was just typically Dumbledore, to insult himself in such a pleasant manner. "As always, I want to remind you that the Forbidden Forest is forbidden to enter – as the name should suggest, really." The piercing blue eyes of the Hogwarts Headmaster flashed over the crowd, resting on four seventh-year students a fraction of a second longer than the rest of the Great Hall, which itself was an entity looking up at him. One of this group was a rather short, but athletic-looking boy with messy black hair, hazel brown eyes and round glasses, whereas the other was tall and wiry, with shoulder-length black hair falling elegantly on both sides of his head and grey eyes which were twinkling in amusement, just like those of his friend. The third boy, a tall, rather peaky looking youth with sandy-brown hair lightly dabbed with grey, and kind amber eyes, was completely unfazed – in fact he seemed to have drifted off into a light sleep. The fourth of the group was a pudgy boy with a pale face, watery eyes and mousy-brown hair, who squirmed slightly under the Headmaster's gaze, even though there was nothing accusatory there, rather concern paired with amusement. After waiting for a few seconds, Dumbledore continued his speech. As soon as the Headmaster's eyes left him, the boy with the black, messy hair shifted his gaze from the Headmaster to a very pretty redhead that was sitting a few feet away from him. She was quite tall, with a slender figure accompanied by a kind face and curves in exactly the right places. However, what ensnared him most of all were her eyes; they were almond-shaped and the piercing green of finely cut emeralds. He sighed dreamily and, with all his might, focused his attention onto the Headmaster, absent-mindedly fumbling with a small silver badge on his robes. "…has been expanded to a number three-hundred twenty-five. All of those interested in what these objects are, feel free to check out the list that can be viewed on Mr. Filch's door." The elder man paused for a second and, for the first time since the beginning of his speech, looked his age. "I also have more serious matters to discuss- ("Cool! That's about me!" the boy with the elegant black hair cried out joyously, which caused his friends to groan and the boy with the sandy-brown hair to smack him on his head.) -but that can wait until after the feast. Tuck in!" Most of the student population didn't need to be told twice when food was involved, and they dug in vigorously as plates appeared around the tables. Conversations ensued, mostly focusing either on their holidays or the mystery issue that Dumbledore wanted to address after the feast. When the last speck of dessert had vanished, Dumbledore stood up, looking suddenly very old again. "Now, I regret to have to inform you that I have not been able to find a suitable Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher this year. I will continue my search of course, but-" "No, you won't." A quiet yet perfectly audible voice sounded from the entrance of the Great Hall. Everyone spun around, shifting their attention to the new arrival. Standing in the doorway was a tall, young man who appeared to be only slightly above Hogwarts age. He was wearing a long black travelling cloak that flapped around his ankles as a sudden breeze swept through the open door. His feet, unlike most wizards', were not clad in boots, but rather in plain black Muggle sneakers. His hood was pulled up, obscuring his facial features. However, everyone instantly sensed that this was a wizard of great power – he was radiating magic like heat. Instantly, Dumbledore, McGonagall, Flitwick and Slughorn had their wands trained upon him. "Who are you?" The Headmaster asked, his voice even, though one familiar with Albus Dumbledore could hear that it shook ever so slightly - he was obviously contemplating the possibilities concerning the arrival of this mysterious stranger and, being in war times, had automatically jumped to the worst conclusion. If the stranger should attack, then there would be heavy casualties amongst the students, something that the elder wizard sought to avoid at all costs. Although nobody could be sure, many people would, when asked about this incident later, proclaim that the man was smiling when he answered. "I have come to apply for the Defence Against the Dark Arts position, which, I believe, as you have just said so yourself, is still vacant." Several of the teachers and a great number of the students began muttering amongst themselves, but if Dumbledore was shocked, he masked it well. "How can I be sure that you are not a supporter of Voldemort?" He had expected the mysterious man to flinch like most did, yet the stranger didn't even seem to notice that the name of the wizard most feared by all had just been uttered. The new arrival didn't answer. Instead, he simply pushed up the left sleeve of his cloak, to reveal a pale, muscled arm that was disfigured by many scars, gashes and cuts. Not many people knew what this was supposed to unveil – what could a scarred arm tell the Leader of the Light and Headmaster of Hogwarts about the loyalties of the man standing in the entrance? – but whatever it was, Dumbledore seemed to accept it, as he nodded. "What are your qualifications? You seem, forgive me for putting it bluntly, to be too young to be a teacher." This time the arrival was most definitely smiling, for amusement was evident in every syllable of his answer. "Well, I am eighteen, but I think we agree that not age, but qualification is relevant for this job, isn't it?" The man raised his voice ever so slightly during the second part of the sentence to make himself audible over the crowd, which had started to speak in hushed voices again at hearing his age. "Indeed it is." Dumbledore answered, nodding. Upon noticing that his wand was still trained upon the arrival he lowered it, causing his colleagues to do the same. "Forgive me. So, what are your qualifications?" "Do you want to see for yourself?" "What do you mean?" The elder wizard asked, sounding a little confused for the first time. "Let's duel." In the matter of a split second, the hall went deathly quiet and all those who had turned away snapped their heads back to the new arrival, expecting him to be joking – clearly he couldn't hope for a victory against Dumbledore? However nothing of his appearance seemed to show that he was joking. His eyes (though none could see them) were boring into the Headmaster with such ferocity that everyone felt the old wizard look genuinely surprised, and slightly disconcerted. A fraction of a second later though, he quickly arranged his face in a nonchalant mask and smiled at the young man in the doorway. "Of course. Let's go into the Entrance Hall, shall we?" The man nodded once and Dumbledore stood up. After walking around the teacher's table, he crossed the hall in quick strides. This seemed to break the ice and the students started whispering again – this had to be a feast full of firsts, as nobody could remember Dumbledore having ever been interrupted at the Opening Feast before. Students and teachers alike stood and followed the man with the flowing beard out of the Great Hall into the larger Entrance Hall, where they spread around the room, leaving a space in the middle where the two duellers were circling each other steadily. One everyone had filed out of the Great Hall to watch the spectacle, the mysterious man waved his wand once and a silver cage expanded over him and Dumbledore. "It absorbs all curses, so that no one gets hit by a stray spell." The stranger explained. Dumbledore nodded, looking thoroughly impressed and pulling his wand from his midnight-blue robes. "What are the curse restrictions?" The Headmaster asked in a very professional manner, leaving no doubt that he had once been a professional duellist. "No Unforgivables." Was the curt answer he received from the stranger. He waited for him to continue, but he didn't say anything more than that. Instead, he raised his wand like a sword and bowed to the Headmaster, who mirrored this gesture a split second later. As they both raised their heads again, Dumbledore attacked first, shooting a silent stunner at his opponent, who deflected it with a lazy flick of his wand, only to retaliate a split second later in equal silence. A jet of blinding white light that no one recognized shot towards Dumbledore, who erected his shield just in time, though he swayed ever so slightly. However, instead of using this momentary lapse of weakness to his advantage, the stranger merely brought his wand down, without a visible curse being shot at Dumbledore. Seemingly nothing happened. Only a loud crack overhead told the spectators as well as his opponent what he had done – one of the torches on the wall had been wrenched out of its holder and was now hurtling towards Dumbledore at an amazing speed. However, the Headmaster had regained his control in the fraction of a second that the stranger had given him. With one fluid wave of his wand, he banished the torch over the heads of the students and teachers, who were all watching in awed silence, and conjured a fiery whip that slashed across to the stranger, who hadn't brought up his wand in time – obviously, he had not expected Dumbledore to defend and attack with one wand movement. Still, he did not crumble as the majority of Hogwarts had been expecting, but raised his left hand in a swift cutting motion, like a knife. The fiery whip lashed out and fell to the floor, still writhing, but cleanly cut in two. Dumbledore, too shocked by this move, didn't even try to defend himself against the last attack, a Disarming Spell that had been fired not even a second later. It hit Dumbledore and his wand sailed out of his hand and into that of his opponent. A shocked silence followed this breathtaking duel. Nobody had ever seen Dumbledore lose a duel, or rather could have imagined this happening (most people had never him in a duel, anyway). Then, like lighting a fire, awed muttering broke loose among teachers and students alike. Dumbledore, however, had already regained his composure. He was smiling warmly at the mysterious man who was still wearing his hood. "Congratulations. You're hired." Was all that the aging Headmaster said. "What's your name?" "Ethan Jameson." The stranger replied, hesitating for a split second, something that only Dumbledore and the amber-eyed youth in the first row noticed. The boy's eyes narrowed. Whispers broke out once again, this time louder than before, but even the people with the best connections to the Ministry had never heard of his name. Who could he be? A wizard, more powerful than Dumbledore, who had never been heard of before? Dumbledore, whose eyes were twinkling like mad again, turned his focus from Ethan Jameson and