There has been some interest in publishing this little tale, therefore it has been taken down to facilitate massive rewrites. I know that will make some of you happy and infuriate others. C'est la vie. If you'd like to follow the progress of DD, there are links on my profile for my new author website and Facebook. Please note, if you contact me as a guest, I cannot reply to you. Much love to you all, Kiya x Grauman Theatre rehearsal room, New York City May, 2010 My open hand connects with the side of his face with a satisfying 'whack'. He rubs his cheek as his expression morphs from shock, to hurt, to an awed smile. "It's wrong that I've missed you hitting me, isn't it?" he asks, his voice low. "But you have to admit, that was one hell of a kiss." "You're an asshole," I snap, my hand itching to slap the other side of his irritatingly handsome face. "Why was I stupid enough to think this could possibly work?" I hate that my voice hitches when I say it, and it only makes me glare harder. "Isabella? Is there a problem?" Our director, Aro, comes over as I attempt to incinerate the smirking asshole in front of me into a pile of dust using only the force of my gaze. "Yes, Aro, as a matter of fact there is a problem," I say, surprisingly calm considering I want to beat a man to death with the large script I'm holding. "Apparently Mr. Cullen doesn't know the difference between a stage-kiss and giving me a tonsillectomy with his tongue." The asshole levels me with a serious gaze, all fake-hurt and furrowed brows. "Methinks the lady doth protest too much." "How about I protest even further by shoving my foot up your ass? How would that be?" He chuckles and gives me a look that I've seen way too many times before: he's getting turned on by this. I glare at him as fury blasts through me. I should have known this is where we'd end up. In all the years I've known him he's never failed to know exactly how to push all of my buttons. Why would he stop now? "All right," Aro says, trying to diffuse the situation, "how about we take a short break, and when we come back we'll run the scene again from the top? And Mr. Cullen? I would suggest you keep your tongue in your mouth. I'm trying to direct a love story here, and that really won't work if my leading lady continues to assault her leading man, okay?" "I'll try," the jack-ass answers, his smile faltering. "But I'm afraid my overwhelming attraction to Miss Swan might make that kind of difficult." "Dick," I mutter under my breath as I storm out of the rehearsal room, feeling his eyes on me the entire way. I push violently through the exit doors into the alley behind the theater and light up a cigarette, sucking down a lungful of smoke and pacing back and forth as I try to calm myself down. I knew I couldn't work with him. I knew it and I let this ridiculous situation happen anyway because deep down, in the deluded depths of my psyche, I'd hoped against hope that he'd changed. That I could be in the same room with him without wanting to either fuck him or punch him. Or both. I haven't seen the man for three years, and yet, here we are after only two days back together – fighting like cats and dogs and irritating the hell out of each other. Nothing has changed. After everything we've been through together, I thought ... I don't know what I thought. That he'd drop to his knees and beg for forgiveness? Well, that'd be a start. Instead, he's kissing me like that's the only apology I'm going to get. Well, he's in for a rude awakening. I'm no longer the pandering, bewildered doormat I was when we were in drama school. I'm not going to take his crap any more, no matter how violently my body reacts to him. I stop in my tracks as I remember exactly how violently my body reacted to him during the kiss. I tried to be unaffected, I really did. But as soon as his lips met mine, my long-suppressed lust roared to life, just as potent as ever. He smelled amazing. So familiar and masculine. Unfortunately, he tasted even better, and as I involuntarily opened my mouth to find his tongue, the force of my reaction transported me back to the first night that we ... I stop the thought before it can go any further. No way. I've managed to not think about him in that way for months. It's easier to maintain my emotional distance if I don't think about him making love to me, because every time those thoughts struggle to the surface, they remind me that he gave me a brief glimpse of perfection, only to cruelly snatch it away. The first night we made love, everything I thought I knew changed, and he acted like it was nothing. Like he'd made a mistake. For twelve months after that, we stayed away from each other. Well, as much as we could when we were in the same drama course. It didn't solve our attraction. In fact, it only made it worse. I tried to deny what I felt for him, but I couldn't. He couldn't either. He didn't want to want me, and I think that was part of why he eventually left. He couldn't handle it, and instead of staying and working things through, he ran, like the pathetic coward he is. Of course the result of him leaving was me being completely and utterly shattered, and as long as I live I'll never forgive him for that. So, then why did I agree to do this play with him? I guess I needed to see if there was anything left between us. If he's changed. If everything I remember about the good parts of us were just juvenile delusion. Sometimes I think I imagined it all. That I made it all up as part of some romantic fantasy. But I loved him. I know that for sure. All I wanted was for him to love me back. I now wonder if he ever did. Is it any wonder I'm bitter? "Isabella?" I turn around to see Aro walking towards me. "Are you alright, my dear?" I exhale a lungful of smoke and look down, unable to meet his gaze. "Aro," I say carefully, "I know how important this project is to you, and I know you had your heart set on getting Edward and me together for this play, but I don't think this is going to work. I'm sorry." He laughs quietly. "Isabella, you truly have no idea how remarkable the two of you are together, do you?" I look up at him and frown. "What do you mean?" He raises his eyebrow and looks at my cigarettes. I offer him one and light it quickly. "I mean," he says as he exhales a puff of smoke, "that when you two are onstage, it's like watching an exploding star. You're so good together it honestly takes my breath away sometimes." My brain struggles to comprehend what he's saying. "How can that be? I hate him. I can honestly say that there isn't a person on this planet who irritates me more. I want him to suffer, in a manner that hopefully involves genital clamps and electricity." Aro chuckles again. "What do you want me to say, Isabella? That I can see your enmity in your scenes? Well, I can't. All I see is two people with staggering chemistry who make every scene come alive with incredible sexual tension and gut-wrenching longing. I see the kind of theatrical magic that will have the critics and the public screaming for more. I see Tony awards, my girl, and you know how much I love Tony awards." He waggles his eyebrows at me and I can't help but laugh. "So you're telling me that I'm a potentially award-winning actress because when I'm onstage with the world's largest jack-ass, you can't tell that I'm imagining all the ways I want to murder him?" "That's exactly what I'm saying," he laughs as he leans over and kisses my cheek. "Now, finish your cigarette and come back inside. I obviously need to re-block the love scene to include some bondage so if lover-boy steps out of line you'll have a spanking paddle nice and handy." I laugh as I watch him walk back to the stage-door. As he opens it, Cullen steps out. Aro glances back at me and makes an ass-slapping motion before guffawing loudly and disappearing inside. "What was that about?" Cullen asks as he strides toward me. "None of your business." My smile fades as he stops in front of me. As usual, the warmth of his body burns into me like a massive heat-lamp. I hate myself for reacting like that. It's a major flaw in my plan to not give a shit about him. If we're going to work together, I have to learn to resist him, because the parts of him I want, he's not willing to share, and whenever I'm stupid enough to admit that, he throws it back in my face and makes me feel foolish. So now, as he stands in front of me, all tall and contrite, I try to temper my attraction to him with a solid dose of cold, hard reality: he's a toxic, abandoning bastard who must be avoided at all costs. Of course, that's going to be kind of difficult while we're preparing to perform together in a steamy love-story that's going to run eight times a week, but I have faith that my all-encompassing bitterness will get me through. He reaches over and snatches my cigarette before dropping it on the ground and crushing it with his boot. "I thought you quit that filthy fucking habit," he grumbles as he frowns down at me. "You're poisoning yourself. Please don't." "Oh, don't pretend to care," I say as I light up another cigarette. "We both know you can't pull that off. You're not that good an actor." I blow a stream of smoke into his face and smile as he coughs and blinks. He stands there in silence for a few seconds, staring at me and generally making me simultaneously furious and horny. "What?" I snap impatiently. "What smartass comment do you have percolating in that cess-pool of fuckery you call a mind? Come on ... spit it out. I'm dying to know what crap is going to dribble from your mouth next." "Jesus, Bella," he says and puts his hands on his hips in frustration, "I was considering apologizing to you, but I guess even my apologies piss you off." "Hah!" I scoff. "I wouldn't know, You've never apologized to me in your whole life, but hell, I'm up for a new experience. Go ahead ... knock yourself out." He shakes his head and exhales heavily. "I'm trying really fucking hard to be different with you, " he says roughly, "but you have to let me try. I know you're angry, but ... you don't need to be so defensive." "I am as you made me," I say, spite boiling in my chest. "You don't like it? Rewind three years and make some fucking different choices." We stare at each other, neither one wanting to break away, but eventually he drops his gaze and I mentally punch the air in victory. He looks down at his shoes, swallowing hard. "So, about this kissing scene ... obviously you have an issue with the character choice I made, even though it was exactly how my character would have reacted in that situation.