Eden, My Deadly This is Snamione (Severus Snape and Hermione Granger) so if you don't like this pairing, you don't have to read the fic! If you do enjoy these two together and it's your OTP, then let the ship sail, my friends! Also, t his takes place starting at Hermione's 4 th year and goes on to her 6 th year. The actual smut doesn't happen until Hermione is 16/17 (she's older than Harry and Ron, as some reviewers have pointed out my mistake, I'm sorry guys!) If you don't like this idea in any way, shape, or form, please, do not proceed any further! I don't own anything at all, the lovely characters all belong to Queen Rowling, bless her. When I started this fic eons and eons ago, I had no idea it would become my most popular one. Thank you so, so much for your constant patience and continued support through the years, and gosh I've missed you guys! I should tell you guys that all of the previous chapters that were uploaded have been heavily edited and replaced with new ones (which is a very good thing, because I had errors and a lot of things I needed to fix) and I also smushed two of the later chapters together so they weren't so short. "If Prometheus was worthy of the wrath of heaven for kindling the first fire upon earth, how ought all the gods honor the men who make it their professional business to put it out?" ~John Godfrey Saxe xoxoxoxoxoxo Severus has no idea why he is drawn to that Granger girl, and Hermione can't understand why she's intrigued by Professor Snape. Yet as Hermione continues studying for classes at Hogwarts, Severus is studying her... Chapter One: Nymphetine The Yule Ball was the first time he truly noticed her , the girl behind the bushy brown hair and overly large front teeth, behind her pretentious know-it-all attitude. Her little nose wasn't buried behind a book this time, and she was smiling, laughing freely, spinning and twirling and it twisted something inside him. Guilt and a bit of panic for appreciating her...and the other side of the coin... ...held this image as a revelation that he couldn't ignore her any longer. And so Severus watched the girl silently as she danced with that blundering oaf, Krum, and he was mesmerized by her grace. Such poise and elegance, for one so young as her. She's only 15, what kind of monster— She was not the most stunning girl he had ever seen, but she had captivated him all the same. She was like a winter rose…if he tried to pick her from the garden, her thorns would pierce him and make him bleed. In that moment he realized he didn't care. He had gone through so much pain in his life, what was a little bit more? Pain was a reminder of his many sins, sins that he had yet to repent for. Pain was proof that he could still feel. A flash of emerald eyes and fiery red hair glimmered in the back of his mind, but for some reason, it didn't bother him. He did not feel guilty for feeling this way—about a student, nonetheless! There was something wrong with him. For Merlin's sake, he was old enough to be her father. Yet he couldn't take his eyes off of her, and she was oblivious, so innocent, so young… And he thought this of her before, hadn't he? Before, when he saw her in class so many times with those two insufferable morons, laughing and showing the warmth of her smile, to the two of them, who were unworthy to see it, because they could not appreciate the simple beauty of the curve of her lips, and the way that her eyes crinkled up and sparkled— Albus laid a hand on his shoulder. "Something on your mind, my friend?" he asked, his eyes twinkling insufferably. "Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark burns," Severus answered, not wanting to give the old coot any hint of what was really on his mind. "And do you intend to join him?" After a slight pause, Severus replied, "No. I am not such a coward." "No, you are a brave man, Severus Snape. Indeed, I sometimes think that the Sorting Hat sorts too soon…" And with that, Dumbledore wandered off, no doubt in search for his beloved lemon drops. Severus took a sip of firewhisky—it was a Christmas miracle that Dumbledore allowed the staff to drink on such a night, with the students frolicking about, doing Merlin knows what—relishing the path that burned down his throat. He chanced another glance at the girl—his eyes narrowed as he saw her arguing with Weasley and the ever obnoxious Potter boy. The light hit her face just so, and he could see the tear tracks shining on her face. Anger filled him, and he wanted to do so many things in that moment…wanted to hurt them, for making a young girl cry like that, especially her, in all her innocent splendor. She was so much like a girl he knew some time ago, a girl he loved...a girl who died for all the wrong reasons, despite Dumbledore telling him it was right. He turned and walked out of the Great Hall, heading down towards the dungeons. Maybe sleep would take him away from all of this insanity, and all of these tumultuous feelings. / Hermione furiously wiped the tears that streamed down her cheeks. Men were idiots. No, not men, they were children. Boys. A real man would never treat a girl like they had, she was sure of it. Krum, he was a real man. As she hurried along, stumbling over her own two feet as she rushed towards the Gryffindor common room, she did not anticipate running into anyone. Surely everyone was in the Great Hall, and all of the younger students were in bed! She ran headlong into a very solid figure, and she looked up in shame to see who she had bumped into. Professor Snape stood there, but strangely enough, he did not meet her gaze. He was looking elsewhere, almost as if he were avoiding…something. After a second he looked down on her, and something soft shone from his eyes for an instant—just a second, and then they were hard and cold once more. "Watch where you're going, Miss Granger," he snarled, as his eyes roamed her face. Hermione, still distraught from the goings-on of that night, sniffled in response, much to her dismay. Silence echoed between them for what seemed like the longest time, until Snape's voice penetrated it. "What's wrong?" What's wrong. Why should he, would he care? But still, Hermione felt compelled to answer him, to tell someone, anyone, what was wrong. "They—Ron and Harry—they don't understand. I'm not…f-fraternizing with the enemy," and to her horror, tears began to trickle down her face again. "Your friends, Miss Granger, are idiots. They don't realize it because their small minds refuse to let them understand. They are jealous." He cleared his throat. "You are…pretty." Hermione looked up at Snape, blinking furiously as the candlelight reflected in her tear filled eyes, capturing the brilliance and holding it in so all she could see was fire. She could feel it too, as it burned her skin and all her insides to ash. She stared at her teacher in shock. What was there to believe now, when the one man who she thought disliked her most, thought she was… Pretty. She smiled, and she could feel him staring at her as she looked down again. "Really?" she whispered, and she wasn't sure that he heard her, but as she glanced back up at him, his statuesque form that was carved from ice seemed to melt a little. "If you are not going back to the Ball, Miss Granger, then I shall escort you back up to your dormitory." He turned abruptly and his cloak swirled around him, brushing up against her. She hadn't realized how close they were. As they walked in silence up to the Gryffindor common room, Hermione's mind was racing and her heart was full of conflicting emotions. She had always thought that Professor Snape was, well, attractive, albeit in an unconventional way. It wasn't so much as his...unkempt appearance, as it was his intelligence and wit. The power that he exuded was intoxicating. He was much more mature and probably more experienced than boys her age…she thought of Krum, and his fumbling hands underneath the Quidditch bleachers, and blushed. Krum was older as well, but he lacked finesse. But Snape was still the sour, greasy-haired, sarcastic, mean man he always was. It was wrong of her to think of him in any other way than he a teacher, and she, his student. Suddenly they stopped walking, and Hermione looked up at Snape's tall form inquisitively. "Miss Granger, do you intend to sleep outside of your dormitory tonight?" Snape bit the words out, and the edges were frosted with ice. Hermione shook her head, feeling shame at her own thoughts. If only he knew what she was thinking now, he would be disgusted., no matter if he said she was pretty. "I'm sorry sir," she said, and she started to face the Fat Lady when a feather-light touch to her hand stopped her. Hermione looked back in shock at her professor, who was staring back down at her intently. "I meant what I said," he murmured, and his silky voice threaded with the veins that pulsed hot blood underneath her flesh. She saw his eyes widen as if he had surprised himself by touching her hand, and he let go of her, his lips parted slightly over yellow, crooked teeth. Hermione could feel herself start to shake slightly, the shock of what was happening, and the revelation that Professor Snape thought she was attractive overwhelming her. "Goodnight, Professor." she said, her voice rising slightly to a higher pitch. "Goodnight, Granger." He turned, and his cloak billowed behind him majestically as he strode down the corridor. "Oh my," Hermione said to herself, and the Fat Lady regarded her with sly interest, and Hermione knew that she was watching the whole time. "Galloping gargoyles," Hermione whispered, as the tears threatened to fall again. Guilt rose up inside of her, and she swallowed the lump that formed in her throat. The Fat Lady let her pass, and as Hermione went through the door, she saw that the common room was completely empty from students. The fireplace, which should have felt pleasant on such a chilly night, made her uncomfortable as the heat from the flames prickled her already warm body. She retreated to her room and undressed, slipping out of her dress and taking out her earrings, all the while thinking of those dark, dark eyes that regarded her with strange some emotion that she was too young and too innocent to understand. / Severus prided himself on his self-control. He had never consorted with a student, or even with a faculty member; he had not given into such petty desires before. So why was it now that he felt such passion for one individual? She was intelligent beyond her years and kind, and brave, and he wished that he could tell her so. And she was here. Here, at Grimmauld Place. There were so many things he wanted to say to her, to do to her, and it was wrong, he knew it. But nothing would happen, he had an iron will, and he trusted himself around her. At least, that was what he told himself before when she wasn't in the room with him. Alone. "Professor Snape," she muttered while flipping through what seemed to be a textbook, "Now that we are alone, do you think you can answer a question for me?" "It depends on the question asked," he stated smoothly, and