TWILIGHT OF THE GODS ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Story Description: For two years after the Ring War there had been peace in Middle-earth, but suddenly both Gondor and Rohan are pulled into a conflict that could very well threaten their very existence... An epic adventure with lots of angst, battles, intrigues, treason, and a little romance featuring Aragorn/ Arwen, Éomer/ Lothíriel as well as some other well-known Tolkien-characters and a fresh bunch of OCs. Disclaimer: The CC belong to Tolkien's heirs. We do not own them, we do not make any profit. We just burrow them and have a little fun with them... The OC belong to the authors' vivid imagination. Rating : A "PG-13" should put us on the safe side. Authors' notes: This is the epic undertaking by Timmy2222 (Author of the Aragorn-story "Castle", also on this site) and Katzilla (Author of "A Rohan Ghost Story", featuring Éomer, also available here). There are references to both stories in this one, so for anyone who is interested in what happened before (it's not necessary though to understand the story), please, cast a friendly eye on our former Middle- earth-adventures. The plot and storyline were developed by both authors, but the writing was split. Katzilla wrote the Rohan-based CC and OC characters as well as some of the Dunlendings while Timmy took care of the Gondorian-based characters as well as those of other races.. Since this is the start we would cherish every helpful review, and we promise to finish the story in due time, but don't hold your breath! Special thanks go to Raquel for her invaluable advice both regarding the plot and her great beta-reading. What would we do without you? To Mouse from Timmy for the relentless enthusiasm she dedicated to Hilberon and Vlohiri. Huge thanks go to Nureet for the epic task of betaing the main part of this story for us! You are our hero! HAIL NUREET! Also huge thanks to Cindy for her always helpful feedback, and to Tanja, without whose incredible knowledge of the Tolkien-universe and painful, yet always helpful questioning we could not have developed this plot! A note from Timmy: Raquel, I grant you the greatest honour I can give: The hammer and the anvil for you never used it on my heart. Please send feedback to: Katberlint-online.de and/ or Timmy2020gmx.de! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CHAPTER 1: The Deep Breath NORTHERN ITHILIEN The man crouched near the little fire he had kept going during the night, but it was hardly enough to chase away the shadows that haunted him. His lined, weathered face with the dark, wild hair and full beard made it hard to estimate his age, and he was clothed in a torn old tunic and ragged and stained trousers, which comprised to the rest of his shabby appearance. He felt miserable. A wind was coming up from the west and passed over his neck like the light touch of a cold hand. He shivered involuntarily, but not from the cold alone. Dreadful thoughts of despair, hunger, and death ran through his mind. So much had been lost during the last years. So many relatives and friends were now buried on the jagged slopes of the Misty Mountains. So many tears of sorrow had been spilled. He knew not whether the path they had chosen was the right one, but something had to be done. Their misery had to end, one way or the other. He lifted his water-skin and slowly drank, while his strained senses continued to scan his immediate area for the slightest sound, the smallest movement, but the grass was wet and fresh. It would be hard to hear anything lighter than a horse, and the mist made it difficult to see what surrounded him. He grimaced and sat back, his free hand on the moist ground. Here where he waited the land was fertile. Curse those strawheads, they were so greedy, intent on keeping the wealth of their land entirely for themselves, even if others died from hunger right on their doorstep. Why had so few so much? He put the water-skin away and exhaled, sighing to himself in frustration and twitching as the cry of an owl cut through the silent night. For a moment longer he watched the thick mist that formed now that the morning was drawing nearer. Already, a narrow stripe of a lighter blue could be seen on the eastern horizon, daylight's earliest messenger. He had not slept for two nights now and longed to go home, though it would not be the home he wished to see. What was a cold, draughty cave compared to one of the huts the Rohirrim lived in? With a low moan he shifted on the ground and added some more twigs to the fire which was in danger of going out. Without warning, a tall figure emerged from the shadows, startling the man. He had not heard his guest arrive. Clad in black and golden armour with a dark red scarf below the face-covering helmet, he looked impressive enough to intimidate the broad-shouldered man waiting for him. With an effort, the man straightened to his full height and greeted the armoured figure with a short nod. "You asked for this meeting, Lomarin, now, tell me why I had to leave the mountains." In the glow of the campfire Lomarin's dark-brown eyes were fixed upon the dishevelled-looking man. He took a step closer, allowing the other man to study the glyphs on the plates and lames, but more to intimidate him. He succeeded. Exhaling, the bearded man stepped back. "You still have no land in the Westfold, Woldro", Lomarin taunted in a low voice. It sounded like a threatening whisper to the man from the Misty Mountains, and he twitched his lips disdainfully. Woldro would not let that man – or woman, he could not tell – determine his life. "Your pain will end soon," Lomarin continued slowly as if he had to think of the right words first. "The people you hate will diminish and flee." Lomarin fixed his eyes upon the stout man with more passion. "You will roam their lands, take back what was taken from you, and restore the old order." "You said that before," Woldro found the courage to utter, and though he was old compared to his kinsmen, he sounded insecure like a child. A low roaring sound echoed from within the armoured figure. He could not say whether it was laughter or anger. The dark eyes were unreadable. "How much longer do you need? We are waiting... and starving!" The sound changed. Woldro felt it like a weight on his chest and took an involuntary step backwards. The mist around Lomarin thickened suddenly, as if he were calling it to himself. It swirled around his lean frame, up his legs and waist, strangely shrouding his silhouette. "Patience! Think first, then act. Two more of us accompany you back." Woldro knitted his bushy brows in distrust as he took a quick glance around, not seeing anyone. He had thought his guest to be alone. "Where are they?" "Close by. Go back now and tell your men to be prepared. Everything you need will be at hand when you return. You shall triumph over those you hate if you do as you are bidden." Woldro was still frightened in a way he could not describe. He simply lacked the words for the complexity of emotions he was living through. He could only nod his consent, his mouth suddenly dry like sand. He had never feared an attack by his enemies. He had survived many fights against the Forgoils without this feeling of… emptiness, utter loneliness. It made him angry to feel inferior to anyone, so he quickly turned away from the fire. "I will see that," he spat, but the armoured figure had already withdrawn into the mist. ------------------------ EDORAS The winds were blowing as ever over the broad plains of the central Riddermark. Months ago they had been a punishment to a cold and deserted land; now they were caressing wide open meadows of rich green grass, abundantly laced with the bright yellow faces of buttercups and a variety of other orange, white, red and blue wildflowers. Bees and butterflies were busily buzzing from flower to flower, rabbits chasing each other across the grass, and birds were sailing the skies and singing their exuberance down from the branches of trees and the golden, thatched roofs of the greatest city of the Kingdom of Rohan. After a long stern winter and a late spring, summer had finally arrived and once more performed its magic on the unforgiving ancient land once named Calenardhon, before the heirs of King Éorl the Young had been presented with it by Cirion, then Steward of Gondor. The plains and hills were brimming with life again, and the warm air carried the scent of hay and horses from the great city of Edoras over the grass. Many riders were on their way here and there, travelling the vast spaces of the land, and because the time since the ending of the war had been peaceful, they were in a spirited mood, their guards lowered. Travelling in the Mark had been dangerous in the past, but there was no evil left in the wake of the Dark Lord's defeat. Still, the people of Rohan were watchful, but the signs that the land was healing from the many years of war were unmistakable. Preceding a small group of riders headed for Meduseld, the Hall of the King, a figure on a great dark horse ascended the steep dusty path to the Royal Stables, sweat-drenched from his efforts to force his will onto the reluctant steed who fought him every step of the way. Where they passed, people stopped in their tracks to look, although they had become accustomed to the strange sight over the past weeks. Some looked impressed by such raw power, while others smiled and asked themselves silently whether rider and steed would ever be of one mind. No one dared to show amusement openly until the strange couple had passed through. Heads turned, and only when the two disappeared in the stables did the people go on their way again... ------------------------ "You are a demon in horse-shape, but we shall see just who has the stronger will of us two in the end," Éomer fumed as he took the saddle off the black stallion and shoved against its great body to keep it from crushing him against the stable wall. He threw his burden onto the stand and groaned as he squeezed himself through the narrow gap between the wall and Battleaxe's hindquarters into the central aisle. The great black horse casually raised a hoof in a very clear threat and, too casually for his master's liking, turned away from him to search his manger for food. The King of Rohan came to a halt outside the stall and observed his rebellious steed with narrowed eyes. "How was your ride, Sire?" Carthago, one of the most experienced and oldest stable-hands in his service asked in an interested tone that nevertheless went sideways down Éomer's throat at that moment. "Any improvement with that… difficult animal?" "Difficult?" Éomer turned his head to glower at the man and snorted, indignantly picking the grass from his riding clothes. It had been a while since a horse had last been able to throw him, and Battleaxe would soon learn that there was a price to pay for making his master the subject of ridicule! As much as he missed his trusted Firefoot for the easy way he could be handled, the black's stubbornness had woken the fierce determination in him that he would come out the victor. Challenges were there to be braved, obstacles existed to be mastered. "I have tried everything: Patience... understanding... Because of his history, I was loath to force him into obedience, but... as it turns out, all my waiting was