Happy Thursday to you all! I wanted to share this epilogue-inspired drabble that I wrote a few months ago and posted to tumblr for two reasons. 1.) Because I have been meaning to put it on my account for about 2 months and keep forgetting to do so (even more so now that the school year has started up again and kindergarten is in full swing!) 2.) Because I keep getting reviews from people who are not logged in to asking specific questions about my WIP Everlark fic, When The Red X is on the Door thereby leaving me no other way to contact them than to assure you via this author note that I am 100% absolutely, positively going to finish writing Red X. It's a 50-something chapter story guys, of COURSE I'm going to finish it! LOL. My muse has taken leave a few times over the summer and I ended up being pleasantly surprised by a much more active and eventful summer than I'd anticipated. I promise you, a new chapter of Red X is on the horizon, as is the arrival of baby Bow to that story so please, please, please don't give up on it! It may be slow-going but I promise, it will be completed! Mornings Like This One It's amazing how different a place that was a solace in your youth can become over time and yet still be a place of quiet seclusion to you as an adult. Take, for instance, my woods beyond the fence of District 12. No longer fenced in or off-limits to anyone and still, most people haven't quite adjusted to the freedoms afforded them since the Capitol fell and rarely venture out even half as far as I have always traveled beyond the tree line. In the Panem that existed before the fence came down, I went there to hunt in order to feed my family so that we could survive. I continue to go there now, not to feed a hunger of my body, but one of a soul still baring the wounds of an unescapable past. On mornings like this one I wake before even the sun and slip quietly from the safety of Peeta's sleep-heavy arms to enter the forest as familiar to me as the motions of my fingers tying a simple braid to keep the hair out of my eyes before I leave the house. Eyes that still belong to a hunter, though admittedly, a less devoted one than I once was before there were other aspects of life that my focus has shifted to. There's no longer a need to hunt for the sake of filling bellies that would otherwise echo painfully with hunger, but there is still a need, deep within my bones, to tread soundlessly out into this dense forest and the sanctuary it has steadfastly provided throughout my life. Even during times when my world and even I myself was unrecognizable, the ancient hunting trails and massive old growth trees remained untouched by the Hunger Games, rebellion, and war that changed me and my country so much. Sometimes I go there simply to handle a bow and arrow for the old familiar reason I once did so; providing a meal of fresh game that the meats Peeta and I buy at the market in town can never quite match in taste. After having spent a few dreadful years using my skills as an archer against my fellow human beings or in some cases, tyrants and true monsters who disguised themselves as human, it is a type of therapy for me. Sometimes it's to prove that I still can feed myself if ever the need arose again. Most often though, my trips to the woods are simply put, because of mornings like this one . A nagging sense of self I've been urged by my Capitol psychologist, Dr. Aurelius, to listen more carefully to over the years makes me take note that mornings like this one have arrived three times already this week. An unwelcome but common reminder of the past, these mornings where I awaken in a cold sweat, paralyzed with the pain of being visited in my sleep by those I've loved and lost come with no warning. They will undoubtedly remain as much a part of me as the burn scars I wear upon my flesh as a reminder of the last, most agonizing loss of my sister. I race the first rays of sunshine to the meadow overlooking my forest and always stop to rest a few moments to watch the beginning of a new day draw closer and closer as the sun peeks over the far off mountains. It rises slowly until it seems to slow and almost stop to rest on the humps of their rounded peaks before continuing its ascent. I like to imagine it is as if its appearance alone is promising a new day where perhaps I'll be a little less sad or Peeta, a little farther removed from the mental hijacking he endured during his imprisonment in the Capitol. That each episode he experiences as a result will be a little shorter or a little less intense than the last. After this tiny dose of optimism, I head off to hunt, alone with my bow and arrows and my own troubled thoughts to receive better emotional, physical and psychological therapy than even Dr. Aurelius knows he can provide me with. I walk amongst these trees, eyes perusing the assortment of green plants that have just begun to peek through the recently thawed ground and breathe in the comforting scent of the earth that provided the meals and medicines of my youth. I pass the early hours in this place where I can escape from the routine I have depended on to hold the pieces of myself together after an abundance of horrors that have been crammed into so few years of a life hard lived. I take an extra-long time hunting this morning because I worry that I'm slipping back into old patterns of depression and self-loathing. The ever present fear and hopelessness that creeps just beyond the shadows of an otherwise happy and fulfilling life I've built with Peeta since returning to District 12. I pick up my pace when these worries start to overwhelm me, some foolish part of my brain thinking that perhaps by tiring my body out, I will likewise exhaust the distressing memories that sink their claws into my very soul. I'm moving at a clip I hope can reduce the wailing of my ghosts to a dull roar when my hunter's ears pick up on a sound not normally heard on these pre-dawn hunting trips of mine. The unusual sound causes me to stop immediately, my head turning from side to side in order to better catch the noise if it should happen again. As I scan the surrounding brush with well-trained eyes, I see I've managed to circle back without realizing it and that I'm only a few steps from emerging back into the meadow where these trips of mine have always begun. I'm startled out of this realization when I hear the same sound again, but this time it is not just louder and clearer, but closer too. I smile and relax my arms that have been holding an arrow at the ready in my bow, waiting to be released into whatever nightmare I'm imagining is about to come blasting into the clearing where I stand motionless. The tension swiftly leaves both the bowstring digging into my fingers and my body as a whole with the relief that can only come from a mother hearing the joyful shrieks of her children playing nearby. I take maybe a dozen steps before I emerge into that meadow and spot the father of those rowdy children sitting among the yellow flowers that I will forever associate with him and the hope he's returned to my life over and over again. Ever since that first time when he threw a burnt loaf of bread to a starving little girl he'd loved all his life and gave her the strength to carry on when it seemed all was lost. My smile widens when he reaches up to brush his floppy blonde bangs out of his eyes so that he has an unobstructed view of each move made by the children he waited so very long for. Never having fine-tuned his own skills as a hunter despite my best efforts to teach him, I can't resist sneaking up on him, waiting until I'm only a few feet away before snapping a small twig I've picked up off the ground. I have to smother a snort of laughter when he tries to jump up while turning around at the same time, which is not something he can easily do even with years of practice getting up and down from the ground with a prosthetic leg. The task is made even harder by the already tall meadow grass waving gently in the breeze above the scattered dandelions and he only makes it to a kneeling position before he is facing me. There's a brief moment of confusion where his wide blue eyes bounce nervously between my face, the two broken pieces of twig in my hand, and our children still chasing each other around amidst giggles and squeals of delight before he narrows those eyes (identical to the ones our daughter has) at me. I bite my lip, trying to control the smile tugging at the corners of my mouth and catch equal parts annoyance, embarrassment and mirth in the exasperated look he's directing my way. "They're up and at it early." I say walking over to sit down beside him before he can scold me for nearly giving him a heart attack before the day has really even officially begun. "They keep bakers hours like their father." I tease and settle my bow and quiver of arrows on one side of me before turning to give Peeta a kiss hello. I let out a little shriek of my own when I find his face directly in front of mine as I turn towards him and he sacks me over onto my back, peppering light, playful kisses all over my face and neck. Between his lips and the meadow grass tickling at the sensitive exposed skin, my shriek quickly dissolves into the less attractive guffaws of unchecked laughter. I hate the sound but Peeta says it's his favorite noise right behind the sound of our children at play. Knowing that he's hearing both at once right now makes me feel like the unpleasantness with which my day began is just that much farther away from this happy little bubble we're floating in now. "…Mmm…but not as early as their mother." He says hovering over me where I lie on my back looking up at a sky filled with large, fluffy clouds still painted a color close to Peeta's favorite hue of orange by the rising sun. I know this is his roundabout way of asking me all of the questions I know are spinning through his head. What nightmare was it? How long did it last? Why didn't you wake me? Isn't this the third time this week? Can't I do anything to help? I smile reassuringly up at him and reach out to trace the puckered white line of an old burn scar on his jaw and draw his lips down to mine, communicating with him in the way that has always come easier for me than the words he is best as using to express himself. "I'm good now." I whisper and he pulls back slightly to search my eyes for deception the way he looks into the same gray eyes our young son has inherited from me. While the truth he's usually looking for in our son's is related to how many cookies he's managed to