"His Growing Desire" By MADAM BETH Written for the Prompts in Panem 7 Day challenge "The Language of Flowers" Disclaimer: all of these characters belong to Suzanne Collins, I just borrow them for my own entertainment sometimes! Day 7- Jonquil- "Desire" To wish for or want a person or a thing, desire is described as the strong feeling associated with needs or longing. It may refer to sexual yearning or deep-seated ambition. For years after they've grown back together in District 12 following the war, Peeta has wanted to have children with Katniss. He's only outright asked her once but over the years, she's noticed another more subtle way he's been trying to let his feelings known. Tombs – Joshua Mazur I walk about the path set by the patch of jonquil spring in bloom, Nice, now, there is not one save I, For the springtime flowers, 'tis just more room. Down through the low and over high, the trees wave at their passerby and I, in happily settled tones, assure them it is a friend that roams. And as I come to journey's end, I find that in the forest shade their peace, oh trees of sunshine tend however old, ne'er begin to fade. For in the summer meadow's blooms, one shall find no dusty tombs. It was almost exactly a year after the morning I'd run outside my house in Victor Village to find Peeta planting primrose bushes in honor of my sister, that I once again was stirred from a daydream by the methodic scrape and drag of a garden shovel. It took me a moment to place the sound as it was buried behind a year's worth of healing my mind had gone through with the help of my Capitol head-shrink, Dr. Aurelius. Well, that and hundreds of big and little memories made with Peeta, whose planting of those primrose bushes had been what drove me out of the cocoon of sadness I'd wrapped myself in for months after returning to 12. When I realized what it was though, I sprinted out the front door thinking for a moment that I must be caught up in some sort of déjà vu scenario which I wish I could say was uncommon in those days, but it wasn't. When I reached the top of the porch steps, there was no familiar pair of blue eyes peering up at me from amongst the buds on the primrose bushes that had just begun their first true sprout since being planted the previous year. I looked to the left and right in front of the house and didn't see him anywhere. This only added to the growing fear that the sounds I heard from inside the house were the beginning of some sort of episode connected to what Dr. Aurelius called my post-traumatic stress disorder. "Peeta?" I called, trying to bite back the panic that had begun to creep into my words recently when I was unable to find him where I expected him to be. When he didn't answer immediately, I called his name again and once more tried to keep my voice even. I did this partly because I didn't want to alarm him, and partly because I found it alarming that in the short amount of time since we'd begun to really grow back together, I had become so dependent on Peeta for my peace of mind. "What's wrong?" I spun around on the porch and grabbed my chest when Peeta's voice surprised me from the side of the house that faced out towards the road to town. I tried to stifle the sigh of relief the made my chest noticeably heave beneath the light cotton t-shirt I'd pulled on with a pair of Peeta's cargo pants after my shower a few minutes earlier. We had only been sharing a physical relationship for a little over 3 months at the time, so when Peeta leaned back on his haunches and pulled the hem of his shirt up to wipe some sweat from his brow, I felt a flush rise to my cheeks as I admired his taut abdomen. More to the point, I was thinking about how I had lightly raked my short fingernails over the muscles there while making love the night before and the confusing mix of relief at finding him and desire to have him take me right there on the lawn caused me to stutter out my next words. "I…I…didn't know where you were…" I mumbled lamely with a shrug of my shoulders and kicked at a loose board on the porch that Peeta had mentioned he was going to fix that afternoon. He spent most weekdays running the bakery that had been built with money we Victors received as a part of the new government's plan to rebuild our society from the one we'd all known under the rule of President Snow and the Capitol. Peeta was proud of his new bakery and had spent part if not all of his workdays there since it had opened 6 months earlier, while I spent a good portion of my days hunting in the solace of my woods. Neither of us mentioned it, but keeping to such familiar routines was part of the reason we were able to go on with living when the overwhelming pain of those we lost told us to just give up. It gave us a purpose in our waking hours and tired us out enough to keep the worst of our nightmares at bay through the night. It wasn't long before we slipped back into other routines like working on my family's plant book and sharing a bed to protect one another from the nightmares that couldn't be quelled by the exhaustion of days spent keeping busy. From the plant book, grew the idea of the memory book where we placed the faces and stories of those lost in the Games and the war that put an end to them. From the comfort and safety we experienced protecting each other's sleep once again, grew the buds of renewed love and the desire to feel something other than the crushing despair of loss. Slowly, like a flower unfolding in the sunlight, hands that had been clasped together tight to let us know someone was there protecting us in the dark loosened in the night and began to roam over places on the other's body no one else's hands had ever been permitted to touch. On the night we finally gave in to the passion and pleasure we'd been denying ourselves as punishment for surviving when those we loved had perished, I told Peeta I loved him and I'm almost certain his damaged mind believed it. Just to be certain, I made sure to tell him at least twice a day so that perhaps my feelings for him might too become a normal part of his routine and not something he felt he had to question for even a moment of hijacked confusion. I felt a flush rising to my cheeks as I watched Peeta stand from his position kneeling amongst our side flower bed, his fitted white undershirt smudged with dirt, outlining the muscles he'd regained from proper eating and the manual labor that came with trying to run a bakery almost completely on his own. I'd talked him into hiring two young men to help with the day to day tasks. I knew he was loathe to admit it, but it turned out to be a wonderful idea once the start of our physical relationship led us both to forego working and hunting on the weekends to make more time for our new 'hobby'. Of course Haymitch made plenty of crude jokes when he first realized both of us were suspiciously scarce around town on Saturdays and Sundays, but Peeta and I could tell he was happy to see we'd found our way back to each other on our own terms. I suspected that he might have even knocked a decade or two off of those thousand lifetimes he believed I'd have to live before deserving Peeta. My flush deepened when I caught Peeta's eyes roving quickly over the length of my body and saw a small, proud smirk appear when he noticed I was wearing a pair of his pants with the light, long-sleeved shirt I'd pulled on after my shower. I'd left him sleeping in our bed, hoping to let him rest a little longer after the passionate celebration of our first day off the night before. He was up so early for work at the bakery during the week so I made an extra effort on the weekends to make my way quietly around the house in hopes that he would sleep. When I finished my shower, I hadn't been surprised to see his internal baker's clock had woken him but I was a little surprised not to find him anywhere downstairs. I hadn't thought much of it except to assume he was probably in his art studio which had been converted from one of the extra bedrooms upstairs. That was until I was startled out of a daydream while waiting for the coffeepot to fill by that familiar scraping and dragging of the shovel outside. "Oh, well…sorry about that." He said looking genuinely apologetic as he stopped a few feet away, looking up at me on the porch from where he stood. We both had been trying to be more mindful of letting the other know where we were going and I could tell Peeta was going to be beating himself up for a few days for causing me undue stress by leaving the house without telling me. "I…I think I ordered some flower bulbs during one of my…my bad days this winter…" he said and I nodded, not wanting or needing him to explain any further because I knew he often did things when he locked himself away during a hijacking episode that he didn't remember later. I could tell by the appreciative little smile he gave me that he was glad I understood. "…so when I came downstairs and saw them on the porch beside the paper, I guess I kind of got over excited and wanted to put them in right away.." he said finally closing the distance between us and wrapping his arms loosely around my hips with his face pressed against my stomach where I stood on the porch. "It's sorta fun when I order things to make me feel better during an episode that I won't remember later…" He murmured through my shirt and I took him by the sides of his head and made him pull back so that I could see the grin threatening to spread over his face. "…it's like getting a present from myself and I have no clue what's inside!" He joked and I rolled my eyes and reached down to tug on one of his earlobes, scolding him playfully for making light of what I still saw as a haunting reminder of the torture he'd endured at the hands of the Capitol. "Soooo…not funny, Peeta." I growled and then screeched when he lifted me effortlessly and let me slide down his front until my feet touched the spring-softened earth. "But you still love me, right?" He asked with a nervous smile as he looked down into my eyes, squinting slightly from the bright light of sunrise. "Mmmm…I guess so." I whispered and brought my arms up and folded them behind his neck. I reached up to give him a long kiss 'good morning' and Peeta responded easily to it. "Good morning to you, too." Peeta murmured in a voice still carrying enough rasp from a good night's sleep to make areas south of my navel quake even though they were still sore from the previous night's exertions. Not wanting to give his already raging 19-year-old hormones an excuse to drag me back to bed