CINDERELLA STORY Prologue If there was one thing Katniss resented more than the everlasting abundance of hatred and complexity in the growing world, it was her ostentatious step sisters and step mother. At the feeble age of eleven, Katniss had travelled through more hardship than any other girl ten years older tan her. Her mother had suddenly fallen ill, her sickness was irreversible and soon became so powerful it pulled little Katniss' mother away from the living world. As though that wasn't enough to haunt her childhood years, Katniss' father soon remarried, claiming he needed not only the company, but also the help to provide for their imploding family and the harsh economic views of society lately. Katniss had always been reluctant in letting the three strange women into her house, however she had no say in the matter. At first they were nice to her, always treating her as though they were blood related family members. But Katniss was intelligent, and she knew that an awful imperious side lay to the the intruders of her and her father's lives. Shortly after her father had remarried, he disappeared one afternoon coming home from work, there was no word of anything being found after he vanished from sight. Katniss was distraught, her last true family member was ripped from her cruelly, teaching her that love was impossible and only caused hardship in your life. Her step mother and sisters proved that to her more than enough. Their harsh words sinking deep into her, playing tricks with her mind and self conscious. And that is how she grew up, littered with hatred and cold glares. Her fathers disappearance had caused her step mother to gain full custody of the little girl, nothing could be said or done about it. And Katniss no longer had anyone left in the world she loves, she knew that if anyone were to ever find a place in her heart, they would be ripped away from her to cause her even more pain. That was what she believed the world was like. "Katniss I swear if you don't get down here this instant you will regret it!" The sound of Glimmer's shrill voice piercing through the still air wakes me from my sleep. I rub my eyes tiredly, wondering how I have survived this far on the bare minimum. "Katniss!" Glimmer shrieks again. I slide off the thin, lumpy mattress and make my way up the basement stairs, wanting nothing more than to snap cruelly back at my horrible step sister. However I had soon found, not long after the three awful women came to live with me, that being my usual fiery self around them created nothing but havoc. The awful woman found pleasure in tormenting me, their evil demeanour opens an opportunity to make sure my life is a living hell. I hesitate before entering the drawing room. I can hear Glimmer, Clove and my step mother's excited murmurs through the door and wonder what they could possible want to do this early in the morning. Then again, the possibilities are endless. I knock on the door softly before entering. Upon walking through the door, I notice two things seemingly out of place. The first being the unusually happy smiles plastered across my sister's faces, the second being a scroll opened before them, the parchment crisp and gleamingly white. It was from the palace, that much was obvious. "What is it?" I ask hesitantly, stepping further into the room. "Oh Katniss! The prince has invited us to his ball, he's holding it in honour of finding a lady to wed!" Glimmer gushes as her cheeks blush from the excitement. "Is my name on the invite?" I ask curiously, if the prince is looking to wed, it's no doubt he invited every mistress within age range in our small country of Panem. "Yes" Clove pouts, her face immediately turning sour. "What's wrong with me attending?" I ask nervously, wringing my ratted dress in my frail hands. "Well we decided..." Clove begins, glancing at her mothers nod of approval to continue. "The prince isn't going to even spare you so much as a glance. It would be an utter waste if you were to attend, so we all though you should stay home, you know, do something useful." I look down shamefully, I should have known they wouldn't allow me to attend the ball. I look at my dirt-caked nails and feel tears well in my eyes. I blink them back, don't let them see you cry. "Please" I beg, turning to my stepmother. "Please let me attend, I know I have no chance with the prince, especially when Glimmer and Clove will be there." I instantly feel regretful for lying, especially such a terrible lie as it implies I think my two step sisters have a chance. But it does the trick in pleasing all three of them. "I'll tell you what" my step mother smirks as she steps up close to me, using her height as an advantage. "You can attend the ball tomorrow night if you finish all your jobs. Oh and by the way, I've added to the list." She flings a roll of parchment into my hands and I instantly feel sick as I unroll it. My eyes scan down the never ending list of jobs. "B-b-but I'll never get all these done!" I protest, feeling my heart sink as I realise I won't be able to attend the ball. "The deal stands as it is, if I were you, I'd get started" she sneers as all three of them storm past me out the door. Clove makes sure to bump my should roughly as she passes, causing me to wince as she hits the large bruise which formed there after Glimmer 'accidentally' knocked me down the basement stairs yesterday. I give myself only a moment to compose myself and blink the tears back before heading out the door to start on my jobs. The list seems endless, by the time I am a quarter of the way through, my hands are red and raw. I look up at the clock upon the wall and realise I must have missed dinner as its well past eight o'clock. My stomach rumbles uncomfortably at the thought, but I know I can't rest, i'm determined to prove them wrong and finish all the chores. The sun is just breaking through the horizon when I finally hit three quarters of the way through the jobs. I had ceased to rest at all for the entire night, my eyes sting rapidly from the lack of sleep and I feel as though my muscles have completely seized up. I can barely move. By lunch time I have auspiciously finished the jobs and despite my extreme drowsiness, I manage a smile at the thought that I will get to attend the ball. Ignoring the harsh signs my stomach is sending me, I stagger down to the basement and fall onto my bed. For once I don't even notice how thin and uncomfortable the mattress is, I just fall straight asleep. I wake up and the first thing I notice is that the sun is nearly down in the sky. I jump up from the bed with a start, glancing at the clock and sighing with relief when I notice that they haven't left yet, though I do only have twenty minutes to get ready. I open the door of my cupboard, the wood creaks and shudders. I only have one nice dress, it was one of the only things I got to keep from my mother when she died. The dress is beautiful, it's an emerald green, sleek, elegant and works perfect with my tan complexion. I slide the dress on and then hang my only other possession of hers around my neck. It's a silver locket, it was my mothers also. I look in the mirror and decide I don't have time to do anything with my hair, it will have to stay down. I rush from the room, practically running through the large house until I reach the front entrance where all three are preparing to leave. "Wait!" I call out. They all turn to look at me, mixed expressions of shock and fury etched onto their heavily made up faces. "What are you doing here?" Clove sneers. "I finished my jobs" I huff from running, I look towards my step mother. "Your dress? Did you steal that from one of the girls closets?" She asks suspiciously. "No" I say defensively, "it was my mothers." "Well you can't go to the ball wearing that" Glimmer smirks. "Why not?" I ask fearful as I glance down at the dress. "Because..." She says as she reaches forward towards me; "it has a rip in it." Her hand snatches at the fabric and before I can jolt away, her hand rips down, effectively tearing a hole down the side of my mothers dress. "No!" I cry out moving away. Before I can do anything both Glimmer and Clove have jumped forward and started tearing at my dress and hair. I scream at them to stop but I know it's no use, they will never listen. They all flaunt out the door, laughing as they leave me standing in the entrance. I watch as the carriage pulls away and turn towards the large window. My hair is tangled, a knotted mess. My dress hangs from my body by thin strings of fabric as the emerald dress may as well have been a plastic bag. The special dress which my mother had loved so much. I feel a lone tear slide down my cheek and drop to the floor. I let out a sob as I run from the room, making my way out to the backyard as I collapse against the fountain, laying my head in my arms and letting the tears finally fall. I should have known they wouldn't have ever let me go. I don't know how long it has passed before I feel a tap on my shoulder. I sit up abruptly, spinning around to look at the most absurdly dressed woman I have ever seen. Her pink hair is curled and pinned atop of her head, gold eyeshadow and eyeliner outlines her eyes. It's extremely unusual for this time of the age. "Who are you?" I ask nervously. "My name is Effie Trinket" she pronounces. "I'm here to help you attend the ball." She claps her hands together excitedly. "But I can't go, my only nice dress is ruined" I murmur, looking down at the remains of my mothers dress. "Oh not to worry, we'll have you fixed up really quick" she says turning around and starting to walk off. When she realises i'm not following her, she turns around and waves at me quickly. "Well come on then." I get up and quickly follow her down the back path, we arrive at two carriages. Effie leads me into one of them and i'm amazed at how many dressed hang around the room. Effie hands me a silver dress and I slide it on. "Oh it fits perfectly, it even matches your eyes" she gushes as she takes in the dress. I look down nervously, I've never worn anything as nice or expensive as this before. "Now let's fix your hair and then you'll be beautiful." I sit down at the vanity while Effie quickly styles my hair into an intricate braided up-do. Once she has finished I turn around and hug her tightly. "Thank you so much Effie" I whisper, "but I don't have any way of getting to the palace." "Oh I'll have my other carriage take you, but make sure you are home by midnight, I heard word that your stepsisters will be leaving at that time." I nod my extended thanks excitedly as I grip her hand tightly. "Thank you so much" I