Hi Sparks! I'm back on fanfic, but Death Wings is still on hiatus as of now. Please enjoy my new story! Sorry for OOC-ness of characters. And as a warning now, some of the future chapters will have direct conversations from The Last Olympian. Nobody seems to remember that I exist in this world. Even the only person that ever cared about me, my brother, I haven't seen him in over a year. The saddest part is, I barely remember him. I was only a three when he decided to run away. At least, that's what Mother said, when she wasn't having one of her moments. My mother, May Castellan, terrified me at times. Her eyes would glow this ethereal green color, and her voice would sound like she's talking through three different people at once. She would clutch onto one of our mythological beanbags (who she seems adamant on adding Mr. and Mrs. before. Hearing her talk to Mrs. Medusa is just plain creepy), and scream about how my brother, Luke, was doomed. Then the green smoke would disappear, leaving the frazzled, frail form of my mother, and she would go back into the kitchen to make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, and batches of cookies. Always with the cookies. And then there was all the Kool-Aid… As of now, I'm only seventeen. I'm the only real provider in this household, and that's a pretty sad thought. When I'm not dealing with the drama that is twelfth grade, I'm off at work at the mall, then the neighborhood bookstore, then at the local café run by my friend's parents, and finally working until eleven every night at McDonald's. Trying to juggle all of my jobs plus my schoolwork was exhausting, but somehow I managed. School, work, taking care of Mother, and cursing my brother and father's names to the wind was the story of my life. Yeah, I say Luke's name and curse him out like a sailor, and as for my father…I never met him, let alone learn his name. Luke left me as a child to deal with Mom, when I couldn't even take care of myself. I remember hearing his voice when he was nine, saying that he was leaving, but that he would come back for me someday. Well, here I am nine years later, still stuck with the lunatic waiting for a son that will never come home. That was my life before I learned what happened to Luke, before my life went off a cliff into the fiery pits of Tartarus. My name is Layla Thea Castellan, and I am Luke's younger, forgotten sister. And this is my story. It had been just another normal day, me going to the living torture that was high school, sitting through my AICE courses, while trying to focus on my General Papers teacher, Mrs. Lyons. She had gone off on some tangent about Shakespeare's Midsummer Night Dream, and I had dozed off, staring outside at the boring Connecticut scenery. It wasn't surprising that I had lost focus; I had ADHD and dyslexia after all, and being in an AICE class in general was a miracle in itself. Mom had celebrated with cookies. I want to burn all of those God-forsaken cookies. All they brought back was bad memories. Anyways, as I was daydreaming about the day I would finally get to leave the small town of Westport, Connecticut, I heard a loud hissing noise from the front of the room. Frowning, I turned in the direction of the noise, and immediately stifled a gasp. One of the school cheerleaders-Kelli, I think was her name-had fangs like a vampire protruding from her mouth, skin as white as snow, and her legs…God, what was with her legs? They seemed to be half-donkey on one side and the other was half-robot. Blood dripped down her mouth and onto her chin, and my teacher was lying on the desk, puncture wounds on her neck, and her eyes glazed over looking at the sky. "Mrs. Lyons!" I yelped, running from my desk to my fallen teacher. I remembered the basic first-aid course I had taken over the summer, and went to feel for a pulse. There was none. I turned back to one of my classmates, Nicole, who like the rest of my class, was frozen in fear as Kelli laughed hysterically. "Oh, don't worry about that old crone," Kelli said, licking her lips free of my teacher's blood. She walked up to me on her mismatched feet, and traced the side of my face with her hand, which ironically enough had her nails done a bright red color. "Her blood was bitter anyways." "Call 911!" I screamed, flinching as Kelli grabbed me by the throat, jerking my head violently to the side. "Now, why'd you have to go and do that?" She flashed me a smile with those vampire teeth of hers, and smoothly said, "Put down your phones, all of you." It was terrifying. As if my whole class had been possessed, they dropped their phones, and watched me with their eyes glazed over. What the heck? Did they not see this vampire chick who just killed our teacher? Did they think Mrs. Lyons was taking a nap or something? Kelli circled me, sniffing me like how someone would smell a perfume sample. "You smell just like him," she decided, smirking at what I could only guess was the terrified expression on my face. "Don't fret, dear. I have…special relations with your brother; I wouldn't dare hurt you." If anything I stiffened under her touch even more. No one knew about my brother, except for my mom and me. I doubted my father even knew he had a son, if Luke and I even had the same father. Wow, I was full of optimistic thoughts. "I don't have a brother," I argued, slowly backing up from Kelli. Even when she was a human, she was the face of my nightmares. She loved to taunt me for my ADHD and dyslexia, calling me stupid despite that I was in all AICE classes and doing so many extracurriculars, I could've probably graduated by the end of April. She called me fat, which was strange considering how I barely had enough to eat at home. Sure, Mom was always in the kitchen, but come on. I'm not going to eat PB&J, chocolate chip cookies, and Kool-Aid for the rest of the time I still lived with my Mom. "Of course you do, dear. I'm his girlfriend." "Even if I had a brother, what would his name be?" "Stop playing with me, Layla. Your brother's name is Luke Castellan." My brother was seriously dating a snake lady? What the actual hell? If I ever saw my deadbeat brother again, I was going to have a serious discussion with him in his choice of girlfriends. Or boyfriends if he was into that sort of thing. Not that I really cared; I didn't know enough about Luke to give him the time of day. "What do you want with me?" I asked, petrified as my back bumped into the white board. And my classmates were about as useful as broken glass; they just sat there as if my imminent death was the most entertaining thing in the world. "Luke wanted me to fetch you." I narrowed my eyes, trying to find the well of confidence I usually dipped into when I had to confront Kelli normally. "Fetch is a game for dogs," I said. "Is it a game for donkey's too?" "Why you little-!" She never finished that sentence as I grabbed the thick English Literature textbook on Mrs. Lyons' desk and slammed it into Kelli's face, before throwing it violently at her for good measure. I didn't even grab my backpack; I ran out of that classroom like the devil itself was chasing me. Thankfully my house wasn't too far from the school. I was unnaturally fast, at least, that's what my PE coach says every year when she begs me to try out for the track team. I always have to decline, because track team practice is after school, and after school means I have to go to work. By the time I got home, I was soaked with sweat and my breaths were coming in ragged spurts. I spent a good ten minutes trying to catch my breath, while going into the kitchen to get some water. Mom walked out of the parlor, and with the same dazed look in her sky blue eyes she asked, "Luke? Is that you?" "No, Mom! It's me, Layla," I called out, turning on the tap. "I could've sworn it was Luke," she mumbled to herself, before rushing back into the room she had just come out of. She was probably crying over some old photo album with pictures of her precious son Luke, while holding exactly zero pictures of me. To her, it was like I never existed in the first place. Everything was always about Luke, the boy that left Mother, and the boy that left me with her. The only real reason I could ever figure that Luke left was because of Mom's visions, but I waited every day with Mom until the day I turned ten that I realized, Luke was never coming back. I had told Mom that, and she called me crazy, which really stung seeing as it was my tenth birthday. Yeah, I definitely deserve an optimism award. The only person that could be more optimistic than me is Kelli! Ah, the sweetness of sarcasm will never cease to amaze me. But the thought of Kelli was a genuine reality check. She was still around here, lurking, waiting to supposedly hand me over to Luke. I honestly thought she had lost it, but seeing her as an insane vampire opened my eyes. Mom always had Greek mythological stuff lying around, especially the caduceus, which I knew was a symbol of Hermes. And I remember Luke had come back last winter, asking about Mom giving him a blessing to bathe in a river of some sorts. The jerk hadn't even spared me a glance, but I saw a weariness in him I only saw with the older people in the café I worked at. His blonde hair had gone almost white, and streaks of gray were mixed in. Under his right eye was a long, pale scar running the length of his entire cheek. His blue eyes looked kind of like Mom's, in terms of how frantic he was, jumping at the slightest sound. From the pictures around the house, it looked like his skin lost most of his color, making him appear like a corpse. Just seeing him look so hurt almost made me forgive him for forgetting his promise to come back for me. Almost. Anyways, with all this Greek stuff around, was it possible that it was real? No, now I'm just paranoid. People are already betting when I'm going to join the loony bin with my mother; I'm not going to give them that satisfaction. I went up to my room, and pulled out the least ratty backpack I could find. I grabbed a couple shirts and pants, along with some undergarments and my only brush. Then I walked down the hallway and entered into what used to be Luke's room. Everything was covered in a fine layer of dust, but mythology books were everywhere, and a trunk at the foot of his bed seemed less dusty then everything else. Curiosity getting the best of me, I opened the trunk only to see a gold bracelet with a caduceus charm hanging off it. Was this some kind of joke, Luke? Because if it was, it's not even remotely funny. Then I found the note. It read: Layla, I am so, so sorry that I haven't been able to honor my promise. My life has been pretty