"Leah!" Jacob yelled as he bounded through the forest looking for his second in conmand. He instantly became worried when he couldn't reach her through the pack link. He knew she only put up the mental wall when things became to much. He was deep in the forest by now but he waasn't giving up. When he saw her he yipped excitedly. "Leah! What's wrong? I've been looking for you?" He got worried when the other girl didn't answer him. He quickly shifted and touched her shoulder. "Lee?" He gasped when she turned to him silent tears running down her face. "Oh lee." He whispered before he hand a arm full of his crying friend. Neither cared about him being naked that wasn't a problem for subs. He stroked her hair waiting her out as she nuzzled his neck. She finally sighed pushing away some so she could look at his face. A adorable frown crossed over face before she looked away. "I imprinted." She mumbled. "That's great!" Jacob said so happy for his beta. "No it's not!" Leah yelled jumping out of his arms. He frowned he didn't understand why she was so mad. "What's the problem." "Because it was more than one person." She said glaring at the ground. He was on his feet in a second. "Whoever they are I'm sure you can all work it out without a problem. Well not many problems. It'll probably be weird at first but after the shock I'm sure-" "Jake! I didn't imprint on some damn humans. I imprinted on Esme and Carlisle fucking Cullen!" Leah panting as she finished. She fell to her knees gripping over her heart. "Lee!" Jacob yelled coming to her side. "It hurts so freaking bad ever since that day." She hissed out. "How long have you been like this?!" Jacob yelled helping her up. "Two weeks." She mumbled against his shoulder. "What?! Leah you need to tell them. Your killing yourself." He said chastising himself for not noticing earlier. Edward. He called out to the vampire hoping it would reach him and that he would read his mind. He hoped he was making the right choice even though Leah would be mad at him. Her life was more important. "No." She said shaking her head furiously. "I can't do that to them they probably wouldn't even want me." "That's nonsense." "No it's not Jake. Think about it they're vampires. How could I come between them. And if they did want someone why would they want a sub like me. Besides I'm a wolf it would never work out." Leah said as she phased. Jacob watched as pain tremors racked her body as she stumbled forward. Leah phased back falling against a tree. The pain was becoming unbearable since she had finally spoke how she felt about the imprint out loud. She could no longer hold it together and it felt like she was going to die. She whispered to words two words before passing out. "Esme Carlisle." Jacob gently picked her body up and pulled her close he took off running. He prayed that the Cullen's would be at the treaty line when he got there. When the woods started to look familiar Seth appeared beside him. "What wrong with Lee?" He whined as he slowed his pace some. "I'll explain later." Jacob said as he jumped on his back. "Just get us to the treaty line." Seth growled as he listened to his alpha and pushed his body faster. He knew he was the second slowest in the pack but he would do anything for his sister. And right now he could tell something was wrong. He ignored the pain in his right front ankle as he jumped over a tree and pushed his body harder. Jacob looked down at Leah and whined. He pushed the pack link out of his mind and focused on the body in his arms. The pack wanted to know why their leader was upset and panicking. Their Dom instincts telling them to sooth his pain. He's only concern was Leah's slowing heart beat he would deal with them later. As the border came into sight he make out the Cullen family. He thought Seth would stop but as the wolf kept going. He suddenly found himself yanked off his back. When he looked over he saw a whimpering Seth in Emmet's arms. "Jacob." Edward said calmly calling the wolf's name. Jacob looked over at his imprint with tears in his eyes. "It's Leah." He said looking down at the sub in his arms. Edward nodded looking over at he's parents who looked like they were itching to get their hands on her. "I think you two should take her." He said gaining their attention. "Are you sure?" Carlisle asked looking at Jacob then back at him. "Yes." He said placing his a hand on Jacob's shoulder. "But-" Jacob whined only to be hushed by Edward. "It's ok love I promise. It's all going to work out." Edward said trying to sooth his mate. "Ok." Jacob said handing her over to Esme. The three of them were gone in a flash inside the house. Then Jacob soon had his hands full with a naked Seth. "You said you would tell me what's wrong with my sister." Seth said looking up at him. Jacob nuzzled his temple before sighing. "Your sister imprinted." "That's gre-" "Seth." He said gaining his attention. "She imprinted on Carlisle and Esme." Jacob said rubbing his back. "Oh." Seth mumbled. "I can see why she is freaking out now." "Yeah well how about we go inside so I can explain some other things as well." Jacob said glancing over at Edward. "But Jake I don't have any close to put on. I forgot them in my hurry to get to you." Seth said looking embarrassed. Before Jacob could answer Emmett blurted out. "You can borrow something of mines." Making everyone look at him. "I mean if you want to." Edward smirked sending the visual Emmett had of the young wolf wearing his clothes to her. Rosalie smiled as she gave a quick nod in Edwards direction. "What a great idea honey." She said patting her mates back. Emmett ducked his head smiling. "Come on lets go inside." Seth decided to only put on one of Emmett's shirts since it fell just below his knees. He blushed when everyone just stared at him. "What?" He asked not looking at anyone. "Nothing you just look adorable." Emmett said smiling up at him. Seth blushed more as he fidgeted. He wanted to sit with Emmett but was unsure if he was a sub or dom. Edward was there in a flash standing beside him. He looked down at his brother as he ran his fingers through his hair. "Don't worry Emmett's a sub." He said smiling when Emmett nuzzled his hand. "And you're his Dom?" Seth asked unsure. He jumped back when three hisses and growl answered him. "No he's my Dom and my imprint!" Jacob said angrily grabbing Edward and pulling him back to a different couch. "And I'm Emmett's dom." Rosalie said winking at him. "Oh I'm sorry." Seth mumbled going to go sit on the other couch. "Hey no it's okay." Emmett said catching his wrist. "You can still sit with me if you want." Seth shuffled his foot as he look up at Rosalie. She nodded and he smiled dropping to his knees and crawling into Emmett's lap. He missed the way Rosalie was staring at him as he settled in. "So was this what you were going to tell me?" Seth asked pointing over at Jacob and Edward. Jacob nodded. "Yeah I imprinted on Edward a while ago?" Edward smiled and kissed his temple. "So that's why you didn't tell the pack. And how did Bella take the news?" Seth asked raising a eyebrow. He looked confused when the vampires laughed and Jacob frowned. "Why does everyone think we liked each other. And of course not they're not the most understanding group of people." He grumbled. "Seth. Bella is together with Jasper and Alice." Edward said helping his mate out. "Oh sorry Jacob. It's just that you guys were always together." Seth said sheepishly. "It's ok but me and Bella are bestfriends just like Edward and Bella are bestfriends so that's why we were always together." Jacob explained to him. Seth only nodded since Rosalie had started petting his head. He hasn't imprinted on anyone yet, he doesn't have a Dom, and he hasn't looked you or Emmett in the eye yet. Actually he's avoiding it. He doesn't want to imprint on one of you and mess anything up. Edward sent his thoughts over to his sister to answer the questions floating around in her head. Thanks but don't tell me how he feels about us. I want him to tell us when he's ready. And I really hope he imprints on us. I know it's a long shot but look at him Edward! We have to have him. And look at how he took to Emmett being a sub. Most people are turned off by that idea because of how big he is. Rosalie sent back not taking her eyes off the subs in front of her. Yeah you guys do look great together. Edward said smiling when his sister looked up over at him. Leah sighed in relief as the pain started to ease away. She snuggled into the icy feeling in front and behind her. She took a deep and oh god. Something wonderful filled her nose and had her feeling like she was drifting. She opened her eyes looking around at everything all blurry. She froze when she heard a chuckle from in front her. "You are so cute when you wake up." She heard a sweet voice say. "You haven't seen me waking up after I've been drinking." She mumbled as she sat up rubbing her eyes. "Oh I hope you don't do that often." A voice said from her other side. She took a deep breath again letting her senses come back to her. She let it out long and slow when she finally realized it was her imprints. She pulled her knees up resting her head on them as she looked out the huge window. "Are you ok to talk now?" Esme asked leaning on the headboard. "Are you still in any kind of pain?" Carlisle asked seating up some. Leah shook her head slightly still not looking at them. "Leah." Carlisle called resisting the urge to reach out to her. Leah whined resisting her imprint burying her face in to her arms as she cried. "I'm sorry so so sorry! I didn't ask to imprint on you both." Leah choked out. Esme and Carlisle simply pulled her into their arms. "Ssh ssh it's ok." Carlisle said rubbing her back. Leah shook her head as she cried more. "No it's not! I'm ruining your marriage and I'm not even a good sub. Just tell me we can be friends and I promise not to cause any trouble." Esme frowned. "Leah look at me." Leah's head had never moved so fast as she look at Esme. Esme smiled at her tear stained face wishing to see it from a different act. She reached up and brushed a tear away. "So you need listen to us?" Leah nodded wanting to look away but not wanting to disappoint her imprints. "I can't deny you." "Then will you tell us about the imprint?" Carlisle asked carefully not wanting to upset her anymore. Leah worried her lip between her teeth as she looked over at him then down at her lap. She nodded looking back up at Esme. "Good but before we start." Esme looked over at her husband. Carlisle nodded as he moved closer to Leah pushing her into his wife more them. "We want you to know we want