AN: HI. I'M NOT J.K ROWLING. DON'T SUE ME. Hermione Granger was nowhere close to home. Back at her flat, somewhere far behind her, Crookshanks was probably wondering why she'd left without as much as a glance to her fresh cup of tea. Or why she for some reason had just stopped the frantic pacing that had been part of her routine for a whole week by now. Or what all those scribbled words forming sentences on the neatly folded paper she'd gotten delivered by one of those foul owls had meant. Or why she'd left one of the vinyl records she'd ransacked from her fathers bookcase still spinning around in a dance with no audience to listen to its light strokes. The cat would be left wondering for longer than expected. Hermione was out wandering. Past a river, a bridge, abandoned parks and orange lit street corners. She kept going until she was lost. Midnight chimed somewhere, but she kept walking, too lost in the sensation. Almost as if floating as her feet moved gently over the pavement. Nothing held her down. She felt safe, which, still felt amazing considering what they'd all gone through to get to today. The Forest of Dean never even offered as much a glimpse that this was what the future would look like. What shape life would form after Voldemort. The trees and the river and the muffled bird chirping hadn't given her imagination to see this . This odd scenario of herself walking without a single care in the world of what would happen next. The past is in the past, and although it does make up the present, Hermione didn't dwell on it. Not even the constant need of grasping her wand was present. She wasn't even touching it – the wand safely resting in her pocket as her fingers instead danced over roses blooming in a pot hanging out from a window. Pale pink, yellow and red embedded in green leaves. Everything felt simple and easy. So clear. A beautiful escape. It was oddly quiet, and lenient, and forgiving, and peaceful . Hermione usually never felt this calm – and in this light stroll down the pebbled streets bathing in city lights, she felt proud for achieving it. Memories of the Forest of Dean always seemed so cloudy and grey. Hopeless and robotic. And even though Hermione was mastering the feeling day by day after Voldemort's defeat, it was a feeling she still wasn't used to. She usually never let it wrap itself around her this softly, a voice muttering constant vigilance at the back of her head. A worry stirred in at the bottom of her stomach, but her head was already swimming in a content cloud of safety to notice. For some reason everything felt violet. Perhaps it was how the sky was still playing with the colours the sun had left behind after descending over the horizon, or perhaps it was the purple neon lights shimmering above her. Maybe this was how the millennium would feel like, now only a few months away. The magic hour was slowly tuning into night, and Hermione was caught in the middle of it's long descending farewell. Dusty violets settled among bergamot trees and peony dreams. It wasn't until a car pulled up along side her that she was released out from her veil of violet, her light, gracious steps slowing down. It was the first sign of anyone else this time a day during this part of the city. Naturally, Hermione took notice of the company. The car looked old, but well treated. Windows were rolled down, offering a welcome to the warm summer breeze still dancing through the night. There was laughter, glasses clinking and happiness bubbling from the car. Someone seemed to having a problem with their Lumos charm, seeing it as the light from inside flickered. ''Come on – get in!'' Hermione came to a halt. ''Huh?'' Turning around, she saw that the car had come to stop as well. A guy with hair like lemons was hanging his head out of the window, grinning at her. His fingers were red as he put pressure on them while leaning out, waiting for her to join him. But Hermione remained still, a distant frown playing on her features. She didn't recognise him from anywhere. "Get over here." Realising she clearly wasn't listening to his so far very simple instructions and that she was now glued to the spot the guy popped his head back inside the car, only to seconds later swing the door open, jumping to his feet. He was dressed in rather formal attire – a periwinkle tuxedo with black buttons. The night must've started out with his hair firmly slicked back, only now halfway through half of his was lose control again, hanging recklessly to the side. It created a weird border that reminded Hermione of Two-Face from the comic books. Blue eyes matching his suit were staring at her with anticipation. '' Chivvy along ! We're awfully late .'' He threw his arms out, because apparently this is undoubtedly obvious information. Hermione bit her lip. Late for what, exactly? She wouldn't be surprised that she had missed something important. Things easily slipped past her nowadays. She had been sleeping away most of her days lately, or well, at least trying to. It was either that or pacing. ''Laaatee,'' someone from inside the car echoes in a cheer, however not seeming that bothered about wasting time. Hermione tried to think back at what she could possible have missed. Late for what? "What do I have to do to get you to follow me? Alice followed the white rabbit without any complications," the guy with the everlasting grin continued, as if trying to sound irritated but failing miserably. He was too happy to play the part, just like Hermione was too batted and experienced to play the part of a dreaming child ready to enter Wonderland. Hands clapped together and Hermione jumped at the sound. ''We haven't got all night, now do we? No! Time is ticking. Get in the car!'' ''I think you got me mixed up with someone else,'' Hermione politely tried to reason, but the guy wasn't having any of it. He stalked closer to her with long strides, and hadn't Hermione been so stuck on the dimwit memory of her mum reading Lewis Carroll for bedtime, Hermione would probably had marked the quick approaching strides as intruding, if not threating. It seemed like he was muttering something in Welsh. With her eyebrows now knitted together (silently yelling at herself for not understanding more than one word) she took a step back. ''I don't… I can't understand you, sorry. I'm a little- uh… I'm not-'' ''That's nonsense," he chuckled. Hermione blinked and suddenly he'd closed the distance between them. "Hurry up! Give me your hand!'' And the moment he'd won over the space she'd tried to put between them, everything suddenly went very fast. She was no longer floating in a tranquil cloud of violet, but rather swept towards the car. " About time ," someone sighed once they made it. It was only once they were inside the car that Lemonhead lived up to his manners and introduced himself. ''Oh pardon me. Meadows at your service, madam. Now please hurry up. Sit down. Please." Behind him, the door and Hermione's final escape was slammed shut behind them. Then, turning his head towards the front, Meadows howled out a " Hurry !'' If she'd thought being swept inside the car by the helping hand of Mister Meadows had been fast, imagine Hermione's shock when the car started moving. Hermione somehow managed to take in her surroundings. The car was filled with as much as five people packed into the cramped backseat, a green bottle being passed around like a trophy while two ladies juggled a miniature firework between their wands, giggles erupting from their scarlet lips every few seconds. From the silent peacefulness Hermione had let herself bathe in all night there was now chaos. It wasn't fair to her to make such a drastic jump between the two worlds. Her head was swimming in fireworks, strong perfume, smiles and laughter. ''All right?'' The Brightest Witch of Her Age turned her head, checking for the source of the question, but it looked like everyone was either in the middle of a laugh or a chug at the drinks passed around, neither of them owning the question. Hermione felt like mush, both physically and mentally. Her shoulders squeezed together and all the commotion was making her feel anything but all right. She managed to focus her thoughts on a short debate with herself, discussing whether these people could cause danger to her in any way. When the question was left unanswered, Hermione decided to let it play out. "I… I think so?" she frowned through her answered, her fingers absently tracing the outline of the wand resting in her pocket, just to make sure it was still there. ''Aces!'' ''It's not… I… Where are you going? We- going?'' ''Relax, would ya? We'll be there in no time so no stress. Here, have some firewhiskey.'' As soon as this was said, three hands shot up on cue and offered Hermione glasses (actually, one hand was presenting a pink polka dot tea mug) already filled with the copper beverage. Still somewhat cautious, Hermione only took one small sip. The company in the car offered her lauding ovation, several toasts and cheers thrown left and right. Frowning she took another sip, feeling it burn. Her fingers started buzzing ''The night is young - drink up, drink up, drink up.'' Blinking a few times to clear her vision, Hermione looked around the backseat of the car, befuddled and tipsy. The alcohol was working rather fast, considering she had skipped both dinner and the cookies Molly had sent her this morning. As if not already nestled up in the packed backseat, Meadows somehow managed to clear enough space to bump shoulders with her, raising his eyebrows in triumph as she turned to him. "I'm glad we found you in time," he said and somewhere in-between Hermione found herself holding the glass he offered her "We'll be perfectly fashionably late," he continued while adjusting his bowtie. The whole company were dressed in a mixture of elegant glitter and bohemian colours. Floating maxi dresses in patchwork prints and lace-up peasant blouses, psychedelic floras, round frame sunnies and super-size flares. Hermione, however, was boring and plain, only dressed in her black and grey outfit and her (actually Ron's) batted navy-blue bomber jacket falling loosely over her shoulders. And let's not forget her messy hair that was nowhere close to control. Despite this, one of the girls in the car seemed absolutely captured by the frizzy hair, squeaking as her fingers brushed it. ''Brill-'' Hermione could her whisper before letting out a hiccup, jumping from her seat. ''-iant!'' At one point the girl was close to breaking into tears and when Hermione's concerned eyes watched her she managed to choke out that ''s just... your hair... so pretty,'' to which Hermione swung back and confided the girl with the pink mug of alcohol, trying to dampen the tears away ''Blimey, Tracey, please don't cry,'' Meadows teased, patting her cheek in an awkward fashion. His aim wasn't that good. ''This is the one night you can't cry, 'memba? This night is for oz to live a little. Fugget abou' everythin.'' Tracey sniffed. ''No you're right, Theo. Let's go pawty.'' Slightly blurred scenes of jumping out of the car and entering a big villa, Hermione soon found herself in the middle of an ongoing party. The alcohol must've gotten to her, because she was so sure she saw George walking past her. It made her heart skip, because she knew for sure he was over in Romania to visit Charlie for the week. Following the