The 'Life in Imladris' Arc – stories focused on the inhabitants of Rivendell. Severance Finally, the sequel to 'Dandelion.' It was a struggle to write... none of my characters wanted to do what I wanted them to do. The only one who turned out exactly how I wanted was Rumil, go figure. Anyway, I hope you enjoy. I've written a lot in numerous stories for this arc, but I hesitate to post anything until the story is completely, so unfortunately, they'll probably be long in coming. Disclaimer : This fictional story is completely made up for fun and no profit is made from it. Any similarities to real events or other writings is purely coincidental. The relationship between Lindir and Glorfindel is not an original idea but I took great pains to portray it in an original way. Please leave me a review or constructive criticism. I want to be a better writer. Onto the story... Lindir carefully pushed open the door that led from his closet to the antechamber of Glorfindel's suite. It was the first time he had made use of it since being informed of its existence only a few weeks prior, but he could hear voices in the hall outside his room which he wanted to avoid and he desperately wanted to speak with the balrog-slayer. The moon cast long shadows throughout the small room. Lindir paid them no heed as he moved silently across the thickly carpeted floor towards the great carved door that led to Glorfindel's bedchamber. He tried the latch on the door and was pleased to find that it was unlocked. He slipped inside and cautiously approached the large bed situated in the center of the room. Glorfindel lay sprawled out on his stomach, one hand curled under his pillow and the other hanging off the edge of the bed. His brilliant golden-blond hair cascaded around him, shimmering slightly in the moonlight. The coverings, only a thin sheet since it was a warm night, were pushed down, revealing that the famed elf wore only sleep pants to bed. "Glorfindel?" Lindir said quietly, kneeling at the edge of the bed so he could see his yontatar 's half-lidded blue eyes. Glorfindel didn't react. Lindir knew he was quite worn out from a full day of training his novices and the sons of Elrond, but Lindir had lain awake the past few nights, unable to sleep as pestering thoughts refused to leave him in peace. He could not wait another moment to speak with the older elf. "Glorfindel!" he called again, slightly louder. This had the desired effect and Glorfindel blinked awake, starting slightly to find a pair of hazel eyes so close to his own face. "Lindir," Glorfindel groaned, rolling onto his back as the last strands of sleep left his tired body. "What is it child?" Ever since he had been reconciled with the younger elf, Glorfindel had done his best to always seem available and approachable to his adopted son, but he was not feeling very hospitable at the moment. "I must speak with you," Lindir answered, taking a seat on the edge of the bed. "Then lay down," Glorfindel replied, slightly annoyed, and grew more irate when Lindir refused. "No, you must stay awake for this Glorfindel. I know your methods," Lindir argued, catching the older elf's large hand in his own. The strength in the battle-worn hands never ceased to amaze Lindir and every day he was thankful to gain the warrior's love in return. "You have found me out," Glorfindel sighed, squeezing Lindir's hand. "Tell me then, what it is that you could not wait until morning to discuss?" "I wish to go to Lothlórien," Lindir answered. Glorfindel was silent for a pregnant moment before questioning, "Why?" "To confront my father," Lindir replied bluntly. He didn't like the way the older elf's brow creased with displeasure, but he was sure of his decision to do this. He wanted to close this last chapter in his life and finally embrace the complete happiness he had found in Imladris. "I cannot stop you," Glorfindel answered and he found it hard to hide the fear in his voice. Was it not just a month or so ago that he had officially named Lindir his heir and already the minstrel wanted to part ways? His heart ached at the very thought. "No, it is not as you think!" Lindir exclaimed, easily interpreting Glorfindel's expression. He clutched Glorfindel's hand to his chest. "I would that you accompany me. I mean to officially sever my relation to Loswan, but it will not be easy. I will need your strength," Lindir explained hastily. Glorfindel felt the fist around his heart loosen immediately and he let out a deep breath. "Do you think it wise to bring old memories to bear?" Glorfindel asked, secretly hoping Lindir could be persuaded to let dead orcs rot. For all he cared, that loathsome elf could wither away in the Golden Wood and Glorfindel would not be the least bit affected. However, he also knew that Lindir was much more sentimental and emotional than he and if it was that important to him, Glorfindel could not possibly refuse him. "I want to move on with my life, Glorfindel, and not spend each day wondering if it will be the one where he finally remembers I exist and comes to destroy everything I have here," Lindir answered passionately. "All is well, child," Glorfindel comforted, brushing his fingertips over Lindir's cheek. "I shall speak with Elrond in the morning. Now come and lay with me. I shall let no bothersome warg-bait come between us." He pulled Lindir down and wrapped an arm around the slighter form, intending to keep his promise right then and there. Lindir didn't seem to mind and curled up closer to him, his worries vanquished for the time being. Sleep came quickly. Elrond had been hesitant to let the commander of the Imladris guard depart for a trip of indeterminate length, but he wisely held his tongue and instead gave Glorfindel his blessings. His decision, of course, had nothing to do with the imploring hazel eyes that bore into him from over Glorfindel's shoulder. Now the elf-lord stood in the main courtyard of the Last Homely House, preparing to wish his friends a safe journey. "You will send a message when you arrive," Elrond said, his tone leaving no room for argument. He was completely serious and did not appreciate the mirth he saw in his friend's eyes. "So the truth comes out. You do care about me," Glorfindel teased, reaching over to pat Elrond on the cheek. Elrond slapped his hand away and leveled him with a highly intimidating glare. Well, it would have been intimidating had Glorfindel not been on the receiving end of it many times before and had long ago grown immune. "Hardly," Elrond scowled, crossing his arms over his chest. Lindir stepped behind Glorfindel, placing the warrior between himself and the irate elf-lord. "You should be leaving if you wish to reach the first camp by nightfall," Erestor spoke up from where he stood next to Elrond. "You are right," Glorfindel agreed. The path between Imladris and Lothlórien was a well-tread one and therefore a few stops had been created to make travel between the two realms more convenient. The campsites were left stocked with tinder and fire wood, and were known have good shelter in bad weather. The first campsite from Imladris was set further apart from the rest as a security precaution. Glorfindel did not want someone who mistakenly stumbled upon the campsite to also find his way into the protected valley. It would take all day to arrive there, even if one left just as the sun was rising, as he and Lindir were doing. That was also the reason their parting party consisted of only Elrond and Erestor. Celebrían and the twins still slept, as did most of other residents. Glorfindel quite preferred the small group. He knew the twins would be grumpy since they were not allowed to go as well, despite the incidents that had occurred the last time they left the safety of their father's haven with the balrog-slayer. "Good-bye, Lindir," Erestor said and in a rare show of emotion, he pulled the younger elf into a hug. Lindir hugged him back and Erestor whispered into his pointed ear, "All will be fine, my friend. Remember to listen foremost to your heart." Lindir nodded slightly against his shoulder and then Erestor released him with a small smile. "Good-bye, ondo ," Erestor said to Glorfindel. "Good-bye, wembë ," Glorfindel returned with a smirk. He and Lindir mounted their respective horses, and with a final wave to their friends, they turned and headed away from the sprawling house. Erestor and Elrond waited until they had turned the bend and were out of sight before heading back inside. They arrived at the edge of the Golden Wood in little over a week. It was not long until Glorfindel began to sense the presence of other elves. He looked up into the bows of the ancient trees. "Show yourselves, guards of 'Lorien." Haldir o'Lorien appeared before them silently, a half-smirk on his face. "Glorfindel of Gondolin and Lindir of Imladris, mae govannen ." " Mae govannen ," Glorfindel replied tersely. It was no secret that little love was lost between the balrog-slayer and the three infamous guardians of Lothlórien, despite the brothers' close ties to Celebrían and Lindir's friendship with Rúmil. "We seek an audience with your lord and lady." "Of course," Haldir nodded. "Lord Celeborn told me to expect you." He motioned towards one of the trees and a familiar blond figure dropped down beside his older brother, eliciting a small smile from Lindir. " Mae govannen ," Rúmil grinned. " Mae govannen ," Lindir replied. Glorfindel frowned. "Rúmil will escort you to Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel," Haldir informed them. "I will send word ahead that you have arrived." "Thank you," Glorfindel said shortly. His ire increased when instead of the two travelers dismounting to walk the rest of the way to Caras Galadhon, Rúmil pulled himself up onto the horse behind Lindir. Lindir didn't seem to mind. "How was your journey?" Rúmil asked once they had parted company with Haldir and the other guards. "Uneventful, fortunately," Lindir replied. "We made good time as well." "It is unusual that Celeborn would send you or your brothers on patrol together," Glorfindel commented, changing the subject. "And for a good reason," Rúmil smirked. "However, I just arrived this morning to join them so I could act as an escort to you once you arrived. Usually I am posted in the east. It is a good thing I arrived when I did, else I would have missed you." "Pity," Glorfindel muttered. "Oh, come now my friend. Do you mean to say that you would rather I not escorted you to my lord and lady?" Rúmil, like everyone else, knew that Glorfindel cared not for him or his brothers, but it didn't bother him in the least. It only made it that much more entertaining to annoy the warrior. "That is exactly what I mean to say," Glorfindel replied confidently. He was not easily intimidated by the somewhat overbearing siblings. "Let us have peace, we have only just arrived," Lindir requested, shooting Glorfindel a look that read, do not drop down to his level . "I am sorry, mellon ," Rúmil answered, reaching up to tuck a wayward braid behind Lindir's ear. Glorfindel glared at the action. "Tell me now, for what reason do you seek the lord and lady? No ill tidings have reached us from Imladris and I know Glorfindel does not act as a messenger." "Nay, he does not. I have come for personal reasons," Lindir explained. "I seek my father." "But…" Rúmil glanced over at Glorfindel in confusion. Was this the reason the balrog-slayer was of such an