Disclaimer for whole story: Of course, all rights belong to JK Rowling, et al. It's not actually a type of story that I have read before, though that may be my reading tastes, so I apologize if there are similar stories. I promise that I am not copying anything except from the great Jo Rowling. Chapter 1- Meeting You Again Those screams , he recognized them instantly. Hermione Granger's screams still haunted him, and they sounded just the same now. Like she was still being tortured . He hadn't seen her since a much delayed public memorial service for Uncle Severus over a year ago. They had to make sure everything 'important' was taken care of and that he was really "innocent" after all, pretentious bastards. As if people always had choices and as if lines were always so clear . Draco felt compelled both to run away and to look into the room. He couldn't run away the last time he heard those screams. He was forced to stay and listen, even though he was blessedly outside of the room. But he sure as hell could this time. Why wasn't he? What the hell was wrong with her, and why was she in so much pain? Draco should have known based on the ward that she was in, but he wasn't exactly processing thoughts clearly at the moment. His insides ached at least as loudly as she was screaming, and his heart had been hurting for hours. Draco was shocked to stand in front of the open door and see a half-naked and very round Hermione Granger screaming at the top of her lungs with three healers around her. Someone should have at least given her the privacy of closing the door. Draco was barely surprised when another healer, a young woman, walked past him into the room. "Are you family or a friend?" "Uh, not really," Draco said before Hermione screeched especially piercingly. "Do you know the young woman?" the healer asked. "Yes," Draco admitted, knowing he shouldn't be here staring. "I think Ms. Granger would like some support then. She can have a guest in the room with her," the young healer informed him. Draco had just noticed that the room was strangely devoid of redheads and freckles. Hadn't Granger married the Weasel? Even if the one red head had bolloxed things up, where was his family? Or her family for that matter? And Potter? Did the healer say 'Ms. Granger ? ' Wasn't she a Weasley? How did an acclaimed war heroine come to be in a delivery room screaming by herself? "I don't think I'm someone she'd like to see," Draco managed to say. "Can't know until you try," the witch said cheerfully, nudging him gently into the room before closing the door. She must not have recognized him. Draco suddenly thought that the young woman might have been a Hufflepuff, maybe on the quidditch team a year or two ahead of him. Damn happy Hufflepuffs . He stood by Hermione's head awkwardly, at least staying out of the way of the healers. Hermione looked confused when she saw him, though she quickly appeared to stop caring when the next pain hit her. "We might be better off working like a Cesarian," one of the healers suggested. "I wouldn't want to have to tell the papers that we lost one of the Golden Trio or her baby on the table." Draco's head snapped up, shocked at the appalling bedside manner. Hermione screamed loudly again, and the young female healer made an irritated noise. The youngest healer might have been here mostly for observation, possibly still in training, or at least significantly junior to the unpleasant middle-aged male. "Just knock her out. She doesn't need to push anymore if we have to open her up," the eldest healer said. He was equally terrible. Did anyone in this damnable place have any manners? Hermione looked alarmed, actually seeking out Draco's eyes as she moaned. "Does she have to?" Draco voiced, not at all sure why he was speaking. "I don't think she wants to." It might have been his imagination, but he thought Hermione looked grateful. "Can you give her more pain reliever?" he asked as well. "She hasn't been very receptive to it before. We could try again, but she'd probably choke on it at this point," the older man grimaced. "And charms can only do so much to reduce the pain. Most of her discomfort is because the baby is turned a bit incorrectly, and she isn't dilating properly." "You can let her squeeze your hand if you're brave," the young healer offered. Though she was Hufflepuff, she seemed the best of the lot. "It helps, and I'll heal it afterwards if she hurts it." Surprising Draco, Hermione took the offered hand and squeezed tightly. "Sorry," she gasped. "It's fine," Draco muttered, undoubtedly in the strangest conversation of his life. She seemed weak enough that even her tightest squeezes did not hurt very much. "It will be best for you and your baby if you hold very still. We will stun you if we need to," the last healer warned. Hermione whimpered. "Try to think about books or something," Draco tried, feeling completely useless and not at all sure why he was here. Hermione almost seemed to smile before she involuntarily convulsed when one of the healers actually began cutting into her flesh with a cutting spell. ' Barbaric ' was the only description that Draco could think of . One of the free healers promptly stunned her, but it didn't exactly seem to be "stupefy." Hermione was still conscious and able to move her eyes at least. They looked at Draco in pure fear, still in pain. "It's almost over," Draco said, throat barely moving. He squeezed gently on her hand that was still placed in his. He hoped it was almost over anyway. Bloody hell, the human race would have died off after contraception was invented if men had to give birth. Draco glanced at her lower half and decided that however muggles birthed children, it can't be this bad. Astoria hadn't let him in the room. But he couldn't think of that anymore. Surely even a knife would be better than a wand? What if that old man had shaky hands? Two other mediwizards prevented blood flow as the head healer seemed to simply rifle through Hermione's internal organs. Draco's eyes darted between Hermione's and the wizard making still more cuts inside of her body. Draco finally stared in fascination as a tiny wriggling body was lifted out. Large for a newborn baby, he though. Larger than... but still tiny for a little human being. The baby was already crying as it- she, Draco noticed- was handed to the only competent young witch. Draco at least felt better about the Hufflepuff healer. Draco glanced back at Hermione to see that he eyes at least seemed to have relaxed. Her eyes met his before going to the corner where her baby was just outside of her sight. The still-crying baby was cleaned and wrapped in a pink blanket before, for some reason, being deposited in Draco Malfoy's arms. The other healers were still tending to Hermione's wounds. At least there was some part of this ordeal that magic could assist with. Hermione's eye's, however, locked on her tiny daughter, occasionally glancing up at Draco. Hermione was released from the strange stunning spell once she wasn't bleeding from open wounds any longer. She was gasping and breathing heavily as she still looked, wordlessly, at her daughter. One of the healers approached her with three potions in hand. "We're going to start the healing process, though some of it will wait until you are through breast feeding. Unless you don't plan on breastfeeding?" the man asked what Draco thought to be a very private question. "No, I will," Hermione said a bit hoarsely. "Well, it's still best if you were asleep for this part. Shifting bones back and regrowing some complicated muscles and tissues. We mostly let the potions speed up your body's normal process as you sleep," he explained. Granger nodded, probably familiar with the whole process through research by now. She looked again at Draco and her daughter, "Will you stay with her? Her name is Rose," she said in a very small voice, not at all the voice Draco associated with the same Hermione Granger that punched him when they were children. She was a young mother, somehow alone, and facing having her child taken away from her, if only very temporarily by sleep. "Yeah," Draco managed to say, at which point Hermione weakly and shakily grasped the offered potions and drained them slowly, ending with a sleeping potion that had her unconscious in moments. "How long will she be out?" Draco asked, looking down at the slightly less loud baby now in his arms. Rose . "An hour or two at the most. It would have been less if she hadn't had such a difficult delivery. We've had great improvements over the years. She'll be able to go home today," the man said, almost sounding proud, as if he were the ones that made those strides in healing magic, not just the one who helped administer it along with his atrocious bedside manner. Draco wasn't at all convinced that even the muggles didn't have something that looked less primitive. "You can take the baby to the large room three doors to your right," the young female healer said. She'll be given a few potions before she can leave today, but she looks perfectly fine. She's a beautiful little girl," the healer said. "And so much hair for a baby," she smiled. It shouldn't have been a wonder to Draco that Granger's child would have a great deal of hair, but she did have to have a lot more than typical baby fuzz. It was over an inch long, thick and brown. Draco wondered absently if she would grow into the same… curls, if one could call them that, that her mother did. Draco nodded, remembering to say a brief, "Thank you," to the bearable young healer before walking off as if in a trance to the instructed room. When Draco arrived, he almost couldn't walk into the room. He hadn't planned on walking in here again. Why was he here? The healers knew. They were looking at him oddly. Staring at him holding a baby that they knew wasn't his. Everyone at this hospital needed to learn some fucking manners. "Who is this?" one of the healers asked. This one he recognized in particular. She would know better than anyone that he didn't belong here. "She's a- friend's. She's Rose- uh Weasley maybe, or Granger," Draco managed to say. "Rose Granger, yes," the healer confirmed. "We were expecting her then," the woman said, taking the baby away, not as delicately as she should have. She turned almost apologetic, but it was too late now, far too late. "I am sorry about your son, sir," she said before administering some potions in injection form to the now loudly screaming baby. Draco felt that Rose was making the sounds that he just couldn't make anymore. He didn't have any screams or tears left. Draco walked around for a while, hating that room but oddly unwilling to go far from baby Rose. It was only because he promised that he wouldn't. Since when did he value something that he had told Granger? He continued to pace after the baby was awkwardly placed back into his arms. Rose. Not his baby. Her mother would be awake soon. He knew that he might as well wait there as anywhere else, but he could barely walk in the direction of the delivery room either. He walked the entire floor before returning to Granger's room. Life was out to cause him pain. The perfect little bundle in his