At some point you need to stop running and turn around and face whoever wants you dead, the hard thing is finding the courage to do it. -Katniss Everdeen. (Catching Fire, Suzanne Collins) PROLOGUE Turning on the TV and see Janie in the news makes me feel bad, how I was able to let this happen, I mean to this point, how I did it? Maybe Angie is right, I killed lots of people in my life, the tributes in my two games, all those innocent people during the rebellion everyone because of my fault. Maybe its true, maybe I should stop thinking about what hurts me and pay attention at what hurts the others… start realizing what things are really my fault and what I should really care about. PART I AGREEMENTS CHAPTER 1 District 4 is amazing, it smells like a beach everywhere you go and the things that they sell are amazing two; Daddy bought me a bracelet with a golden mockingjay on it, it's pretty. We enter to the line to asks for some ice creams and I wait behind mom, I turn around to see the sea from the distance and then I see a man dressed in black looking here; I smile at him and he begins to walk to here "mommy" I say. "Wait a little bit" she says without looking at me; I grab her arm and I look discretely at him and he's coming faster. "Mommy someone is looking at me" I say looking at her this time; she turns around and then she looks at me "Janie there's no one there." "Yes he is walking toward me!" I say almost shouting. "There's no one sweetheart" Daddy says this time, but the man is too near, I leave mommy's arm and I run, he looks at me and I think he's coming for me, someone grabs me from behind and I scream, "Janie!" I hear mom shouting far away and I begin to cry. "Shut up!" the man that is carrying me says and covers my mouth, a black car stops in front of us and he puts me inside. This car is going too fast, I'm scared… who are this men, what does they want, where are mommy and daddy? "Mommy!" I cry again and again loudly. "Shut up" the man that is next to me shout me. "Mommy!" I shout again. "Can you shut her up!" the one that is driving shouts this time, my eyes are full of tears. The man takes out a rag and he puts it around my mouth to make me stop but I keep calling my mom. The car turns to the right quickly and I begin to shiver. Where's mommy? The car stops and the men opens their doors the one that was driving takes my hand and he pulls me, then he carries me and walks inside a big old building I'm scared, very scared; he walks through the stairs and he enters with me to a room, here are few things, just one telephone over a table, and three chairs, he sits me near one of the walls of the room, and he sits down on the chairs. When the other two men arrive and they start talking about other things, I just cry, the other man that I saw at the market enters to the room. "Walter" one of them says "we have the girl" he shows him the way to where I am; he walks toward me and stops in front of me, I look at the floor. "Is this Katniss' daughter?" he says with a strong voice. "Yes, she is" one of the others answers. "Nice" he says and bends down, he takes my chin and raises my face, he looks at me "I don't know why you cost that much" he says and then leaves my face. "Did you already call her parents?" he asks to them and they don't answer "then, call them now!" "We don't know where they are" one of them says and he turns around to look at me again, he takes the rag of my mouth and I shiver. "Where are your parents?" Walter says looking to my eyes and I just look at him scared "you should tell me, if you don't want us to hurt you, or your mommy" he says cleaning a tear from my face and I shiver again with a sob this time. "With Annie" I say between sobs. "Annie what?" he says and I just look at him. "It must be Cresta" one of the others says and he stands up. "Give me the phone" he says and starts calling. "Katniss Everdeen" he says after a few seconds "I'm calling for let you know, we have the girl…" he walks around the room and he stops looking at me "Before you say something, I want you to listen the following thing" I look at him, is she talking with my mom? "first if someone else notices this, your daughter would be in trouble, and second you will have to give us one million dollars by the end of this week if you want to have back your daughter; we wouldn't touch even a hair of her, but if you don't give us the money, then tell her goodbye" he says and hangs up, he looks at me and laughs. "Did you talk with Daniel?" one of the other says and he nods, looking at me. "He will be here in any minute" Walter says. "where's the girl?" someone echoes says from somewhere, I shiver, Walter, the man that called my mom a minute ago grabs my arm and pulls me to stand me up, he pulls me to the hallway too strong that my arm hurts. He takes me to the very first floor and I shiver, a brunette fat man is on the door; we stop in front of him, and the man I'm coming with push me toward the other man. "A Mellark?" The fat man says. "More than that, she's an Everdeen too" the other one says. "Good, what she can do?" "Oh, she was a model of your company". "Oh, yeah, the problematic" he bends down and I shiver again "Janie, right?" he says to me and I don't reply "how much?" "Three millions, we asked for one to Katniss, is that or nothing" Walter says pulling me from my arm. "I think I need more reward from that family than you do Walter" he says and takes out a brown bag from the jacket he is wearing and he gives it to Walter and the fat man smiles. "I finished here" the man says and walks out of the building; Walter takes me from behind and carries me out of the building and to a white car, the other man opens the door of the car and Walter puts me inside of it and then he closes the door, I shiver, who is him and what does he want of me or my family? He enters to the car and starts driving; I don't know exactly where we are going, I don't know District 4; the man don't say anything, he just drives and nothing else. CHAPTER 2 We stop in front of the train station and he gets out of the car; he opens my door and pulls me out of the car, he closes the door again and he takes me into the train. He bends down and I shiver "listen girl, stop crying, if you don't want more problems did you understand?" he says and I nod "and be quiet" he stands up again and another tall man arrives with us. "Hello sir, how many of you are going, and to what district?" "Just two and we are going to the Capitol" he nods and writes it on a paper. "Excellent, enjoy your travel" the man says and gives the other one a key and then leaves. He takes my hand and we walk to a big bedroom, we enter and he locks the door. He leaves me and I wait there; he laughs "Aw, are you scare sweetheart?" he says laughing at me and I look at the floor, he opens the door again and gets out of the room locking the door from outside, the trains begins to move. Where are mommy and daddy? This man is taking me away; I begin to cry on the big bed that is here, I don't want to go with him, what he wants to do me? I begin to cry loudly, I want to get out of here, I'm hungry and now I have a headache. "Girl! Girl!" someone says knocking loudly at the door and I get quiet "open the door" the voice of a woman says from outside and I cry "don't cry sweetie try to open the door" she says and I cry walking to the handle and I try to open it but the handle don't moves it's stuck. "I can't" I cry. "I will take you out, calm down" she says and somehow opens the door, she has brown hair and eyes; I give two steps back and she walks toward me. "Don't be scare, I won't hurt you, where's the person that came with you" she says sweetly. "I don't know" I say between sobs. "Come with me" she says "we will find them" she takes my hand and we go out of the room, we go through a stretch hallway and we find the man that received us "hello Michael, I found this girl on the room six -one -one" he looks at me and then at her. "Then, look for who is coming with her" he says and she nods. CHAPTER 3 We continue walking through the hallway and we enter to a place that seems like a restaurant, we arrived to a table were two old women are talking and she talk with them about me and we continue from table to table. "Sorry, are you coming with this girl?" she says to a couple and they look at me with a sorry look. "No" the woman of the table says "but I think she's Katniss Everdeen daughter, isn't she?" The woman that brings me here looks at me "yes I will-" "Hey Mrs. Karen, right?" the man that brought me here interrupts talking to the woman and she nods "that girl is coming with me" he says. "Oh Daniel, I was looking for you, she was crying loudly on the room we assigned to you, sorry" she replies. "Yeah, it must be because she just woke up" the man says looking at me mad "but well thanks" he takes my hand and we leave the restaurant, he walks quickly; we enter to the room and he strikes the door mad "what I told you!" he shouts to me. "Sorry" I say giving two steps back, afraid. He walks toward me and grabs my waists strong, I shiver "sorry" I cry because of the pain, he's holding me too strong. "Sorry" he says imitating me "you won't dinner today, that's all!" he shouts to me and I cry more "stop crying! You will see that when you get out of here you won't cry again, be sure of it!" I try to stop crying and he looks angry at me, he lies down on the bed and he turns on the TV, "go to sleep!" he orders me "in the couch" he shows me the way to it and I walk in silence to it and I lie down, turning around not to look at him. CHAPTER 4 "Wake up girl!" he moves my arm quickly, I open my eyes and he pulls me to stand up and walk out of the train with him, it's cold and its night out here; a tall man dress formal walks