Elf-Beast Author's Muse: I totally had that moment where I was reading through this and thinking, "I can't add anything more to this without making the first chapter too long!" So, this is what I give you. I promise that there is a lot more in the next chapter than this one. Since this is chapter number one, such should be expected anyway. So, this is a fairy tale that I'm borrowing from. From the title I'm certain that you can ascertain the story to be Beauty and the Beast set in the LOTR setting staring Prince Legolas Thranduilion as the Beast and Bellethiel of Lothlorien as the "Beauty". Unlike my story "Bellethiel Dimraethur" this one is definitely a Legolas/OC romance with a bunch of interesting things in between. Anyway, like it? Hate it? DESPISE IT? Review and let me know what you think! Critiques are welcome (i should start specifying that...)! Chapter 1 Beauty Chosen No one ever asked why the Prince of Mirkwood summoned a human female for a new sacrifice. The people merely gave what was apparently owed to him without question. It was unjust and unfair, but their king had commanded it to be so. There was no choice. If there was, things would be different. Their daughters wouldn't have to be subject to that thing in the castle beyond them. Every year his highness would call for a young maiden recently come of age to spend a month inside of his castle and every year the people would comply without question. The king had asked it of them. His son, argued the king, could not help what he was. The prince was cursed and the King was trying to find the cure. The villagers had their own views as to how disgustingly vile such a trade was, but the villagers were still forced to comply. The young human women came back, most of them at least, with minor injury. They brought tales of a beautiful elf prince who walked the castle halls during the day and also of a woeful beast that male turned into at night. Such wouldn't be too much of a problem, the women argued, if it wasn't for the sad fact that the princeling was arrogant and self-righteous. He had no love and many of the women felt that the prince's curse was well deserved. No one died and no one was hurt horribly when they went to the castle so long as the women kept out of the prince's way, so the villagers continued to send their little sacrifices. Only a few deaths occurred and no one knew completely why said deaths happened. The villagers speculated that it was because some of the young ladies decided to actually try and help the beast that was their prince and paid for it. The village women, every night, crowded around their children's beds every night and taught their young daughters to avoid the beast; not to show compassion for the beast. It was done out of self-preservation of many generations. Because the beast was an elf his life was extended indefinitely. Seven hundred and ninety-nine years had passed and on the beginning of his hundredth year the call was made, again, for a single maiden just come of age. This call came one night from one of the few people able to live with the lord; a young looking elf by the name of Glorfindel. He was known, to those of the village, as the angel of dread. His ethereal, silver-blond head was seen the moment he opened the door of one of the two inns that resided in the village. A dread fell upon the tipsy and/or drunk tavern occupants as they watched the elf scan the room. It was never a good thing when Glorfindel came to the village as he only entered once a year. Finally he spoke, "It is time, once again, for a sacrifice to be made for the benefit of his highness. You have three days to decide on who it is shall go and, on the first day of the new month, I shall return to him with her." With that he walked to the bar, placed money on the counter, and made his way towards the one room in the inn that was always kept unoccupied for his personal use. The men erupted in outraged fear and wondered at whom they would send to the castle for a month. "Your daughter occupies her time! She should be sent," said one man to another across the room. That man shook his head, "Twill be no good I am afraid. She's walkin' out with Argden's boy and been's so for over a month. Two hooded figures from the corner watched mutely while the men argued about whose daughter they would send into the dark, dreary castle that spelled so much foreboding for the populous. Finally, one of the other customers turned to said hooded figures and pointed at them. "Why don' we sends an elf this time?! Why does it always have to be a human who takes the plunge into the fire?" he asked. The figures remained silent while the rest of the drunken men in the room began to shout out their angry agreement to the prior man's statement. Elves shouldn't be excluded in this! Surely there was at least one elf in the village that was of age? The hooded figures stood up and left in the midst of this commotion as silent as shadows. Both glad of the hoods that hid their troubled looks. Out on the street one of the figures spoke, "Our lady is of age. She's been so for eight months now. She is a candidate and we do live within the confines of Thranduil's domain even if we are not his subjects." The other hooded male elf snorted, "She is not one of Thranduil's subjects. Glorfindel and the villagers have no right to send her into that… that monster's clutches!" They remained silent as they passed through the sleeping village each with their own worried thoughts about the fate of their lady. "Mayhaps we should consider all the same. Placing human women into the claws of the prince is nothing but ridiculous. Thranduil should have sent his elven subjects into such danger. We can protect ourselves where humans cannot," reasoned the other elf once they made it into the wooded countryside. The other male lowered his hood revealing his long silver hair as he replied, "I may agree with you on your sentiments about Thranduil's handling of this situation, but I am afraid that we cannot send in our little aunt. Our father would be most displeased let alone our grandmother." The moonlight spilled through the leafless trees as they trekked through the snow. The hooded figure remained so and the silver light shadowed the creases in said hood. His unhooded sibling's silver hair was reflected in the light making him seem as ethereal as Glorfindel. "Would our aunt nominate herself should it seem that one of her friends is chosen?" asked the hooded one. The silver haired one smiled ruefully, "If it is foolish and dangerous, she will do it." "Then we must lock her inside her room for three days," insisted one. Silver snorted, "She'd break out. She has done it before." They came upon a modest cottage that rested against the trees. The second brother lowered his hood and revealed long, dark, tresses that cascaded over his back. Despite the difference in hair color both males strongly resembled the other. "Is it wise to tell our sister?" asked the dark haired one. The silver haired one nodded, "I am afraid so. She goes to town tomorrow and our little aunt has been restless with excitement at the prospect of going." "They need not know that she is of age, do they?" inquired his brother. The other sibling frowned and crossed his arms in thought. Could that work? Other elves couldn't always tell the age of other elves if the other elf was mature enough. He winced at that thought. His little aunt might have been sturdy and forthright (like most aunts were known to be), but she most certainly had none of the maturity of one over the age of one hundred. She still looked young, too. Glorfindel was older than many elves that he knew. The prince's servant would notice. "If she decides to go, we will not stop her," declared the brother with silver hair. With that they entered the house with grim looks on their faces. Their sister Arwen was still awake and writing up a list of necessities and niceties she would need to buy for the household the next day. Arwen was younger than the twin siblings who had just entered their cottage. She was tall, though like here aunt she was not as tall as many elven women in her race. Her hair resembled the color of a raven's plume and cascaded in straight strands over one shoulder while she bent over the dining table of the cottage to write. Her brothers approached her cautiously and Arwen glanced up at them with a soft smile on her face. "Good evening brothers. I trust that trade in town went well?" she asked pleasantly. One brother exchanged a wary glance with his twin and replied, "Your carvings and Belle's little drawings sold wonderfully among the young men and women of the village and we were able to sell enough animal skins to buy enough of the butcher's meat to last us a few months before we mush hunt again. I trust that your venture into town will be a prosperous one? There is enough money left over for you and Belle to buy what you have been wanting." Arwen smiled and bent back to her work, "I am glad to hear that." The twins moved towards the hooks on the wall near the entranceway where they placed their outdoor wear. While removing their cloaks the dark haired twin finally ventured the subject he and his twin were discussing earlier. "Sister, you have heard of the village's yearly practice, am I correct?" inquired the ellon cautiously. Arwen paused in her writing and looked up at her brothers who were purposefully not facing her. The raven haired elleth's face was already pale, but had turned an unhealthy shade of white at the question. "I am aware. Is it time?" she asked shakily. Her brother, the silver haired one who called himself Elrohir, nodded gravely, "I am afraid so. The villagers are calling for an elf to be chosen this year. They know Belle is here and they are aware of the fact that she is a very young elleth. They simply do not know how young. I am afraid that it may come up tomorrow and Belle will get it into her head to join the ranks of the Chosen." Arwen's face was a stone mask and there was a semblance of anger that flared in her sapphire blue eyes, "I need not venture into town tomorrow. I can leave it till another day." Her other brother, Elladen, shook his head, "I doubt that will work, sister. Our little aunt will get suspicious and go to town on her own. As an official adult elf we cannot stop her from doing so." Arwen looked down at the piece of paper she was formerly writing own and stared at it blankly for a while. There didn't seem to be a way out of their predicament. In any case, they were residents of the village and its surrounding countryside. They had to abide by the laws of the land even if they were not subjects of that land's king. There was also the factor that her little aunt would wish to volunteer and she knew there was always that possibility to consider. Resigned to the fate that was in store for them all Arwen said,