Consequences of a Huntress Chapter 1 Somewhere Far Beyond *Please note that I absolutely love Arwen/Aragorn, but really wanted to try something new. I don't own LOTR, but I do, however, own The Elven Hunters, Brianna Davis, and all that comes with their ilk.* She should have seen this coming. She never did, of course. That would mean she had the semi-convenience of the gift of foresight. Naturally, she would be stuck in a situation such as this. To say that Brianna Davis, as she constantly referred herself to everyone she met, was in a pretty pickle would be a gross understatement. Try being straddled, on the ground, by an incredibly raw smelling man (take a bath) at sword point? In fact, to add icing to the cake, try all of the above right after using said man to break one's fall? Unintentionally, Brianna would most certainly like to add in a very pointed manner, but the after effects still stand. ' Warlocks,' she thought, 'Not wizards or witches, not elves, and most certainly not anyone I ever desire seeing again, but I blame all of warlock-kind for getting me into this mess!' Not that she particularly understood how that bit happened, there was too much crossfire from both sides, she just happened to be caught in the middle of whatever said warlocks were doing before her hunter's group intervened and, well, this was the result. Brianna glanced down at where she knew the sword point was hovering just above her left artery suddenly feeling very nervous. This inability to get out of her current situation did not sit well with her general disposition. It also didn't help that she couldn't exactly say anything with this psychopath's sword hovering so close to her neck. "Who are you?" he finally asked. Brianna rolled her eyes while letting out a slightly frustrated sigh. She glanced at his sword than back up at him with a very pointed ' You expect me to talk with your sword so close to my neck' look. He finally seemed to get the message when the tip lifted from her skin ever so slightly and allowed her to finally voice some coherent sentences. "Well, I'm obviously not from around here, or didn't you notice my lack of appropriate attire and the fact that it's quite different than yours?" she asked indignantly. The look he sent her told her that he still wanted his original question answered. Brianna wracked her brain for an acceptable explanation. How was she supposed to explain this? ' Oh hey, sorry to have fallen on top of you, but I come from a totally and completely different world from yours and I was caught in some magical portal spell thingy that blasted me here in the middle of a battle! Kindly tell me where I am, if you please? If I so much as say that I'll get committed!' "It's kind of complicated and you wouldn't believe me if I told you," she stated. This man, this dark haired human who seemed to move faster than she originally gave humans credit for, tilted his head slightly to the side and leaned forward slightly while bringing the edge of his sword closer to her skin across her entire neck. Brianna felt her mouth run dry. This man was prepared to kill her! She was used to complete strangers attempting to, certainly, but the bronze haired elf was used to being able to fight back. "Is it now? Tell me, why have you happened on my group? What is your purpose here?" he asked dangerously. He was deaf, or lacked basic comprehension skills, she decided. Really, the trees here were too thin for her to climb. What made him think that she was waiting for his little group to pass under her? "And I'm telling you that I'm not from here and don't even know how I got here in the first place!" she snapped. That bit was a lie. She knew what caused her to end up in this particular world, but what she did not know was how it happened nor the spell. Well, she knew what type of spell it was, she just didn't know which one. It was probably some sort of sorcery, if she knew anything about warlocks. "Then what land do you hail from? Is it Mordor? Are you one of the fallen? Is your master Sauron?" he hissed. Brianna's mouth dropped open? One of the fallen? Did he think she was a Knight Elf or something like their ilk? "Okay, one, I hail from Alaska as far as I know! Where I come from, I'm a Huntress for Ecthairon. That's my world's force against evil, just so you know! I am not one of the fallen, as you put them, I have never heard of Mordor, and I most certainly have never known about this Sauron person you keep accusing me of knowing! Now put away your sword and get off me! You're heavy!" she snapped. The man gave her a suspicious look and seemed to hesitate. Not that she could blame them, she really couldn't if they were being hunted, but she was getting really tired of laying on the ground with this heavy human sitting on her! "Strider!" came a voice to her right. Brianna glanced over to find a small person, literally a little man about the size of a dwarf if not smaller, standing near them. He looked young, that didn't mean anything of course, with his mop of messy black hair and clear blue eyes. She glanced back up at the person she now knew as Strider and took in his appearance better. Whereas the little man looked like he took slightly better care of himself, Strider's shoulder length black hair hung from his scalp in dirty ribbons. His face was sprinkled with prickly stubs of a beard he half-hazardly shaved. While his blue eyes were clean and bright, his face, clothes, and pretty much everything else, looked like he had been roughing it for several months. That was probably the reason for his body odor. "I think she might be telling the truth," continued the little man. And really, why would she lie outright with a sword pressed dangerously close to her neck? "You cannot know that for certain, Frodo." "She told us where she is from and used strange names to describe it. I do not believe she is," insisted the one called Frodo. She closed her eyes, feeling some semblance of relief. She had a lawyer, it seemed. "We should give her a chance, at least. You can lop of her head later if you don't like her explanation," came a newer voice. This new person wasn't in her line of vision. It didn't matter really. This Strider was the person she had to convince most of all. "She is armed, Sam," Strider replied. "Then disarm me," Brianna supplied pointedly. He didn't trust her. She didn't blame him. Brianna's body was littered with weapons and she sincerely doubted that he'd find all of them. To gain their trust, she'd have to completely make herself seemingly vulnerable. She had her magic. Wherever there were elements, she had magic, but letting them know that at this point in time would be a very bad idea. "She won't run, Strider, not if she has a reason to," insisted Frodo. Brianna wisely remained silent and hoped that this overly cautious man listened to his friend. After some mental deliberation on his part, Strider (an odd name in her opinion) finally heaved himself off of her. She sat up after uttering a small "thank you" directed mostly towards the little man known as Frodo. "Do not disarm yourself," commanded Strider gruffly, "should you be a friend and we are attacked, I do not wish you to be completely defenseless." Brianna nodded while keeping in mind that he probably would lop off her head the moment she rubbed his instincts the wrong way. In all honesty, he reminded her of a few seasoned elven hunters. "Alright," she began, "What do you want to know?" "You are an elf?" he asked immediately. She gave him a look, "Are the ears not a dead giveaway or is it the fact that I'm too short?" Strider raised an eyebrow and she returned his look with one of her own. "I'm an elf, I'm just not an elf from here as far as I know. I've only ever known my father. My mother I have never met," she said. He nodded and then asked, "Huntress?" "Where I come from, the elven hunters is a group began by my great aunt, Artemis ven Aldura, to fight against the forces of evil. Every elf has learned their fighting skills from her academy, that's a sort of school, but only a few take on the mantel of hunter or huntress. We keep people safe and humans from finding out about us. Where we are, them knowing we're more than myths and legends will cause more harm than good," she explained. "And what is this Alaska?" Brianna wondered what his reaction would be if she explained what the United States were. She decided to find out. "Alaska is a human realm where the Academy for Elven Hunters is. Alaska is a state that is part of a bigger country known as the United States of America. They are a Republic with elected officials and no nobility… or so they say," she explained. Strider remained silent, but the four little men that traveled with him had no trouble with picking up the conversation. "You said something about another world? You are not from here?" asked Frodo. Brianna nodded, "I'm from Earth." "Your elves are not like ours?" asked the voice she knew to be Sam. She looked past Frodo to where the voice came from and finally placed a face to it. Sam had a mop of curly red hair styled closely to Frodo's. Like the other small one, he wore traveling close and looked a little worse for wear. "Not particularly. We have our current clans, Aldura, Rhune, and Ylearan, but we do have the Eldar of our race. They're few, but they still exist and mostly keep to themselves. My people have a ruling family that governs us all," she explained. Frodo sat next to her and inquired, "You know nothing of where you are or how you came to be here?" Brianna shook her head, "I know I came here through some sort of portal spell that warlocks, humans who dabbled too closely with sorcery, conjured, but I'm not sure about anything else." "Which means, if any of this is true, you know nothing of what hunts us nor the precise value of this company?" asked Strider. She nodded and leaned back on the palm of her hands. Whether the human was warming up to her or not remained to be seen. She had to admit, the man had a superb poker face something she never managed to master. Her eyes scanned the small brush of wimpy, gnarled, trees and loose leaves scattered on the ground. Spurts of browning grass scattered sporadically around the small clearing and the sun bore down on them with a darker gleam than she was used to. When she left earth, it was summer and she had currently been in Oklahoma. Here, apparently, fall was upon them and winter approached. She knew that she had been thrust into another world, but the reality of the situation hadn't fully dawned on her until this moment. Brianna swallowed down a lump that suddenly lodged itself in her throat and willed herself to not break down. "I… I don't know anything about this place at all," she replied in a small voice. Brianna's teal eyes caught the blue ones of Strider's. Her sudden distress seemed to register with him as his rugged face softened slightly. Eyes, it seemed, really could