Author's Note: Yes before many of you dedicated LOTR fans jump on me about putting Doctor Who in the fanfic, understand that Doctor Who barely contributes to the plot and I'm merely using Doctor Who as a means to an end. It's how my character gets to Middle Earth. I figured that it was better than anything I came up with in the past (poorly written might I add and certainly worse than this) and it was also a heck of a lot more logical for her to be transported to Middle Earth via an "accident" than my original idea. To address the title: "Bellethiel" is her "elvish" name. I acquired the name "Bellethiel" back when the website " " used the wrong name translations for "Brianna". "Bellethiel" means "strong one" and not "noble one" as the current translation of "Brianna" stands at the moment (it's both actually, depending on who you talk to). "Dimaethor" is the name she becomes known for because of reasons that will be revealed later one. As for my character, herself, seeing as how I'm throwing a moderately developed character into a new world she knows nothing about all explanations about her will appear on my deviantArt account sooner or later. Also, I will be delving into the wonderful world of elvish later on in the story when the elvish phrases will actually be shown. Right now, my character only understands Gaelic, German, Latin and English. Guess which one she knows the best out of four? As for the universal language of Middle Earth I have decided that I didn't feel like having my character be forced to deal with two (possibly three or four) different language barriers and kept the universal language of Middle Earth English sounding. Rohan subjects will speak in Old English (Anglo-French basically for those of you who know anything about the evolution of the English language). Caution: This is not a tenth walker fic. Double Caution: This is a Legomance ... maybe. I haven't really decided on that yet. I'm leaning towards Legomance because of another fanfic I'm writing, but seeing as that is far down the line I won't make a firm decision until more chapters are added. Be rest assured that they don't fall in love in Rivendell. Triple Caution: I follow both the movie and the books. Why? Because it will move faster if I do that and there are some plot devices that I like better in the movies than in the books. As an aspiring author with free-flowing imagination I tend to like my freedom in creativity. I'm done, I swear. Like it? Hate it? DESPISE IT? Review and tell me what you think! Chapter 1 I Just Ended Up in Middle-Earth? PROBLEM! Forward to my tale: My life was bizarre. Seriously, I can't stress enough about how strange it was. It wasn't every day that a young woman of twenty-two suddenly finds herself traveling through time and space with a man over one thousand years her senior along with his variously present wife who was at least one hundred. To this day I'm not even sure how old his wife was, but all I knew what that the two of them were far older than I. The life I led involved a heavy amount of fighting, searching, and constant running. I'm quite serious. There was an incredible amount of running involved and it began with The Doctor and River Song. I totally understand the fact that I was most certainly born, adopted, and raised in a "boring" existence (not really) trying to become an archaeologist, but I did not truly start living until I left all that I had known. I found out so much about myself. One of the first things that I discovered was the universe and all of its amazing things to offer. I discovered my love for saving the lives of so many innocent persons. I realized the weight that the Doctor and River bore as they practically held the lives of so many people in their hands. I realized that I wasn't, in fact, human. No I found out- rather dramatically- that I was an elf. After that revelation the pieces began to fall into place as the Doctor, River and I strived to find out about my origins. I studied magic with the most prestigious wizards on earth, but that is a story for another time. I also learned how to fight from River, but those lessons started pretty much when I first started traveling with them. I had asked the older woman to teach me everything she knew and that included her fighting/stealth skills in assassination. Oh, and don't forget the fact that thanks to River I'm now killer with a gun? Of course, it was only later that I realized my eyesight had a lot to do with that little skill set. I actually didn't mind my assassin training. It ended up coming in handy as the years wore on; especially when I spent time in extremely dangerous places. That all suddenly changed one day when I was listening to the Doctor ramble on about one thing or another. In the beginning… I made the big mistake of asking the Doctor if jumping dimensions with the TARDIS was at all possible. This led into a long complicated mantra about what happened the last time he accidently crossed into a parallel dimension and left me in a slack jawed state while I attempted to keep up with said explanation. "… and that, my dear Brianna Davis, is why we can't jump dimensions!" the Doctor finished and clapped his hands the moment he completed his explanation. I blinked at him as over half of what he said went over my head and I crossed my arms in annoyance. Honestly the man made about as much sense as the book of Revelation. Sure I might have been traveling with him for years, but that didn't mean I understood a single thing about relative physics. He seemed to realize this because he shot me the most sheepish of grins I had ever seen- let me re-phrase that it was the third most sheepish- and scratched the back of his head. "You didn't understand a single thing I said, did you?" he asked in a voice that suggested he was about to break out laughing. I shook my head, "You lost me at the part about the parallels and time skips." He shrugged and tapped his nose conspiratorially, "Someday, I think you'll get it. You've only been traveling in here for fifty years! Anyway, you're not a Time Lord!" He jumped up to me, patted my cheeks, and spun away back to the controls of the ship. I swallowed the annoyed feeling that I had at his doing that and focused on my plethora of questions that wracked my brain. "So, have you ever tried magical devices to jump worlds?" I asked finally out of curiosity. He paused for a second as if remembering something bittersweet and then shook his head. "No. Besides, if there was such a thing you'd be the only one out who could even manage it. This might come as a shock to you, but Time Lords can't use magic," he said with a small ring of sarcasm at the end. I sighed and had to concede to the fact that he was right. I was an elf even though I didn't particularly like looking my species. I was in a time machine with two Time Lords. I was the only one with the trained ability to manipulate enough of creation to make use of spells and runes should I so chose to. I didn't do either, but I could and that was what the Doctor was getting at. I smoothed out my jeans and inspected the bottoms of my brown boots. It was probably best that I let the conversation drop. I caught the glimmer of the intricate designed necklace that belonged to my birth mother. The blue-grey gem that rested in the middle of the not-quite-silver not-quite-titanium holdings that laced around it in detailed leaf patterns lay against the hem of the low neckline that belonged to my blue tank top. They were very fine leaf patterns, too, and swirled around the gem from its bottom as if growing from the ground (or the air). I raised my grey sweater covered hand to touch the pendant at the end of my necklace in silent wonder at how it came to be there. I'm serious about this one; I honestly don't know why I had the pendant. It had been my biological mother's, yes, but I wasn't fond of jewelry and it was the only ornate thing that I wore. Everything else that I had on was plain and practical and, coincidentally, full of weaponry. The Doctor looked over at me after his minute of silent brooding and grinned at me again. I bit back a groan. When he gave me that grin, it usually meant trouble… for me. Luckily (or unluckily) Professor Song strode in with her awesome high heels and saved the day from whatever crackpot plan the Doctor had up his sleeve. I wouldn't be the first to deny the fact that the Doctor, as amazing a person as he is, is insane. A cure has yet to be discovered. The older woman was taller than me. Everyone was taller than me, to be honest, but River was almost, but not quite, the Doctor's height. She smiled at me and winked at her husband. "Hello Sweetie," she greeted her husband cheerfully while opening the book that she brought with her from the library and leafing through it. The Doctor suddenly transformed from an overly confident individual to one embarrassed, bashful, mess. Such a thing normally happened when he was anywhere near the same vicinity of his wife. I found such interactions both sweet and extremely annoying. "Hello honey," he flirted back. I decided to stop them while they were ahead. There was only so much of the flirting that I could take before it made me go bananas. "Okay, before you two get into another sickingly lovey-dovey flirt fest in front of me, how about you tell us what you've found River?" it really wasn't a question and both of them knew it. They also knew that I wasn't being malicious. They were my best (and currently only) friends that I had. I'd been around a long time and they were my constant companions throughout my long years. Each of us knew when we were being malicious or blunt with each other. The latter was usually the case. River giggled like a school girl at her first dance with her semester long crush, "Well miss Davis I would like you to feast your eyes on this lovely thing right here." She held the open book out to me and I bent down to read what was on the page while tucking strands of my layered bronze hair behind my purposefully rounded ears. My appearance was generally human. In fact, it was always human. It wasn't that hard to appear human. All it took was the proper application of magic that not only hid my appearance, but also dimmed my heightened senses as well. Dimming my senses, dexterity and inhuman physical abilities (like speed and strength) was a necessity that I found was very much needed. I might have been able to control myself well, but I couldn't afford slip-ups. I didn't want to have to deal with the consequences that I was certain would spring up of the entirety of time and space knowing that the Doctor's newest companion happened to be an elf. There were people who would take advantage of that knowledge and I was trying to avoid them. This should explain my reasoning behind keeping my senses in check, I hope. People could certainly know that I wasn't human, but