Chapter 1: Interior With Lady The creaking of the staircases moving could barely be heard over the howling of a wind signalling the coming of a bitingly cold winter. It was as if the castle sensed the silent lull of sleeping wizards, and the stairs switched positions so slowly they might as well have been sleeping themselves. At two o'clock in the morning the Scottish fortress would have looked like a muggle photograph if it wasn't for the one lone teacher circling the hallways. Professor Snape, unlike the school, marched swiftly through the ever-changing shadows cast by the many clouds drifting past the waning moon. The chill of the stones could not penetrate his many layered woollen robes, and his mind was blessedly blank. It was a good night. The air was clean and he had not been summoned from the grounds during the two weeks since the school year had begun. The professor's eyes searched the corners expertly, though automatically, for mischief makers, but there were none. Not one sound or sight out of place. He heaved a sigh, and felt more at ease than he had for a long time. He was glad the year had begun. It was normal, routine and easy to control, unlike so many other occurrences lately. His alternative work situation could not be called idyllic or normal by any means. As his steps were the only sound he could hear, Snape turned down one last corridor before preparing to head down to the dungeons. It was a narrow, old, mostly unused one, which ended by a small staircase leading past the library, and further down into the dungeons. He preferred it to the more conventional route past the Great Hall, as he didn't mind wandering the maze-like tunnels once he got below ground. The smell hit him first. The sweet, bitter, heady odour of blood. Snape stopped cold in his tracks and drew his wand. His nostrils flared as he forced the air deep down into his lungs, leaving an unmistakable hint of flavour on his tongue. He stopped breathing and threw open the door leading onto the landing. In a pool of blood and upturned books lay a 7th year student, and Snape instantly kneeled by her head, lighting his wand in the process. Miss Granger. Naturally. With trembling, long, pale hands the Professor brushed her hair away from her neck and pressed them to her artery in search of a pulse. It was there, but weakened. Thank Merlin. The blood seemed to be coming from the back of her head, which must have hit the stairs as she went down. With effort Snape snatched his hand away from her neck and found the injury under her mass of hair. He meticulously avoided touching any blood as he hastily sealed the wound with a low-energy, low-concentration healing charm. Then her head turned and she sighed slightly. The blood that mattered her hair smeared across his fingers and his breath left him with a whoosh . "No!" he groaned as his fingers instantly tightened in her hair and his head lowered to loom inches from her own. Goosebumps erupted across his legs and up to the back of his neck. It had been so long... Snape could not stop his teeth as they elongated and his over-sized, hooked nose as it nuzzled her chin on the way back towards her pumping veins. And just as his tongue lightly touched her sweaty skin, Hermione's eyes snapped open. After two long seconds of bewildered, unfocused eye contact, Professor Snape clutched her tightly to his chest and gasped out a desperate plea: "Expecto Patronum". Headmaster Dumbledore was snoring. Even in his sleep he was aware of that. It was a most irritating noise, which prevented him from falling into the pleasant dreams he wished he had. But even though it was a sound of his own making, he felt unable - or perhaps unwilling - to do anything about it. It would entail waking up, after all, and he sorely needed this rest after the week he had had. Meetings with Ministry Representatives never failed to bring him the most excruciating headaches. The universe, however, did not seem to favour Dumbledore that night. He was suddenly jolted awake by a bright blue light, which took the form of a doe when he opened his eyes. Ah, well. He had fallen asleep in his office chair again. He should have known - snoring always did come with sleeping upright. The Headmaster took this in stride, however, for it was indeed not the first time he had woken up in such a position. He rightened his half-moon spectacles and peered over them at the doe. "Speak," he commanded it. But the patronus did not speak. Instead it started hurriedly walking towards the door, turning to make sure the old man followed. Dumbledore sighed. Well, there goes this night's sleep , he thought, and levered his aged body out of the chair. The doe's urgency made him anxious, and he had an inkling as to whom had sent it. Shaking the sleep out of his head, he started down the revolving staircase with the patronus leading the way. As they moved past the gargoyle, Dumbledore started to jog. The patronus was slowly starting to fade, the light getting dimmer and dimmer as it moved ever faster, as if desperate to reach its destination before the potency of the spell ended. The Headmaster dreaded what he would find, and as he turned a corner by the library he imagined Professor Snape's body - beaten, bloody and lifeless - on the marble staircases. He quickened his already hurried stride into a dead run. The doe did not head for the entrance hall, however, but continued into the corridor leading towards the library's main entrance, and promptly disappeared. Dumbledore knew Snape preferred this way down to the dungeons. Perhaps he had been attacked down there. Out of breath, his hair in disarray from sleeping and purple hat askew, the Headmaster threw open the doors leading onto the stairs, wand at a ready, and was met with one of the sights he feared the most, but never thought he'd see. His - secretly vampiric - potions teacher with a student in a pool of blood. Dumbledore faltered, with a stupefy at the ready. "Severus," he gasped out, still short-breathed. The red light of the stunning spell pulsing at the wand-tip lit the landing eerily. Snape did not react. "Severus!" he commanded again, and to his relief he saw his employee lift his head excruciatingly slow. Dumbledore blanched when his eyes met those of the potions master. They were cold, hard, desperate and obviously occluding. His whole frame was stock still and he was not breathing. "Take her," Snape bit out through clenched teeth, but his body made no outward sign towards releasing Hermione. The Headmaster tried to quickly think the situation through. Of course, he needed to separate the two of them as fast as possible. But it was clear that Snape's control over his vampiric instincts were at a breaking point, and extracting Miss Granger from his vice like grip might push him over the limit. The smell of the blood on the floor was enough without stirring it up even more. He might try stunning Severus, as his first instinct had been, but a stunner at this close range… It could be fatal for a normal wizard. Though he didn't even have proof of stunners working on magical vampires. Then, to make matters even worse, Hermione woke up. Still slightly disorientated, but sensing danger, she moaned and tried to break free of Snape's hold. The professor was lightening fast. He snarled and pushed her fully to the ground in but a heartbeat, and managed to quickly bite through her neck. Hermione screamed. At the same time, Dumbledore's stupefying charm left his wand and hit Professor Snape in the right shoulder. Snape was thrown into the door leading to the main library corridor, slightly dazed. He could hear screaming in the distance, but only had eyes for the girl and the purity of her life. He wanted nothing more than to devour her. Growling, he lunged for her, but was met with yet another red blow from the wizard opposite him. "No!" Snape snarled, clawing at the ground where Hermione had rested only moments ago. The warlock had summoned her away from him, and as he was met with yet another stunner, Snape knew that his only chance to feed properly had slipped between his fingers. The last thing he knew before drifting into the spell-induced sleep was an intense relief as he came to his senses. Hermione felt very nauseous and dizzy. The whole room was spinning before her, shifting all the time. Her thoughts were jumbled and broken. What happened? Flashes of long, sharp teeth, staircases, cold, hard stone and strong arms swam before her eyes, but she could make no sense of them. She was floating, she suddenly realised. Mobilicorpus, her mind supplied. But you can't use that spell on conscious people… She twisted to see who was transporting her, half expecting to see Professor Snape . Why, she didn't know. It was Dumbledore. His steps were heavy and his robes wrinkled as he marched before her. They were currently in the Entrance Hall, heading towards the Hospital Wing, Hermione presumed. Funny , she thought. I don't remember hurting myself. Then again, from the pictures and impressions she did remember, perhaps she had been attacked. Maybe there were Death Eaters in the castle. She tried alerting Professor Dumbledore to her consciousness. If there were strangers at Hogwarts Harry was in danger! "Pro.." she croaked, but her throat would not function properly. She raised a shaking hand towards him and tried to grasp his cloak, but the gap was too large and she hurt . "Prof-esso-r D-Dumbled-ore…" she managed, hand still outreached. To her relief, the Headmaster answered, but did not turn around. "Just a little longer, Miss Granger". Just as they reached the Infirmary, Dumbledore stopped, Hermione still floating behind him. He turned around in stead of venturing in, a troubled expression upon his face. His eyes studied her quietly for a moment before he quietly uttered "Is there anything you would like to tell me? Anything at all?" Hermione got a little nervous. Had she done anything wrong? She could remember nothing clearly after heading towards her dormitory before curfew. She had obviously never reached Gryffindor Tower. "Sir," she began. "I… I think I m-might have fallen. Or perhaps somebody pushed me… I don't know!" She answered, on the verge of tears. "Was I… Was I attacked, sir? What about Harry and Ron? Is anyone hurt?" Her voice took on a slightly panicked edge, and she started to move about restlessly, trying to get down. What was this spell? Dumbledore held up a hand, and Hermione stilled. He seemed so expectant and searching, but not like there was any major crisis. "Do not worry yourself, Miss Granger," he told her. "No harm has come to your friends, or any other student at all". Hermione did not like the way he said that. There was something about his tone of voice, even though the words were somewhat reassuring. Any students, he said. What about faculty? An image suddenly struck her. "Sir! What about Professor Snape?" She was certain now that it was his eyes she could remember from before - his hands in her hair, healing her. Why wasn't he the one bringing her to Madam Pomfrey? Had he been attacked as well? "What about Professor Snape, Miss Granger?" Dumbledore inquired insistingly, and rather sharply. How odd. "Well… He was there, wasn't he, sir? Is he all right?" The headmaster seemed to relax somewhat, for he smiled at her at last. "I am sure he will be perfectly fine. Now, let's get you into a bed, shall we?" He