Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings, nor anything you might recognise in this text. I am merely trying not to ruin cannon too much as I explore what exactly it entails for Eomer ( nephew to the King) to ascend the throne and marry a girl (couldn't have been older than sixteen, really) whose Father's kingdom was vassal to Gondor. Velvet Gowns. (It all ends in Golden Light) . You can hear them, when they believe you are out of ear-shot and gone. They whisper in your shadows, speak of your pale skin and dark hair that does not belong to the fair halls of Meduseld. You can hear, and although you silently agree (your skin is pale as frost and your hair dark as the night but Rohirrims are golden fields and sun kissed; and you are a stranger in these lands, an exotic bird far from home and trapped in a gilded cage), although you think, in the privacy of your mind, that you would give anything to be somewhere else - the truth of the matter is that you are here. You will stay. You can hear them, when they believe you are out of ear shot and gone; and you find that your people (your people in all but love), your people dislike you. It does pain you. It shouldn't. It won't. . The sheets on your bed are still the same as yesterday's. You notice it as you slip in, the day after your wedding night. It makes you feel uneasy and dirty, and you scrounge your nose at the sight but a Lady does not show discomfort nor does she complain; so, you stay quiet. Eomer, however, makes a sound in the back of his throat and strides out of the room. You think he has gone to get a cleaning maiden and give an earful to the matron. He comes back with bedsheets in his arms. Your eyes go wide. Eomer changes his bed himself. You sit at the vanity, legs cut from underneath you as the reality of your life evades your mind times and times again. (You were brought up in many pillared halls of stone, running across marble steps and feet away from the sea. Servants milling about quietly and never the need to do menial work because you are a Lady and a Lady does not stoop so low as to make her bed or empty her bath.) There is a shiver running down your spine as you watch your husband stride over to the door with the dirty laundry and disappear into the darkened halls of Meduseld. You do not know how to make a bed. (You are a child yet.) You bury your hand in your face and cry. . Your husband thinks you cold. (He does not love you.) Yours is a marriage of convenience, an alliance between two countries in order to counterbalance the force of Gondor and you hold no illusion as to your future. (A gilded cage of marble stones, winters ebbing by to the sound of hooves on stone. Far away are the springs of Dol Amroth, the sea - ever wide and calling, rolling blues and foaming greens laughing just outside your window. Gone. Gone the sea, gone the seagulls with their forlorn cry. Only horses whine here.) You feel yourself grow cold. Rohan holds nothing for you. The fields are flat and you long for the soft hills you ran through as a girl. The grass is tall and golden, but sometimes you think it sand and a painful beat skips in your chest. There is no sand in Rohan, nothing but the cruel Northern Wind that bites and takes and steals all your warmth away. Yes, you are cold. (You weren't before you came to the Horsemasters.) You have grown cold. . Ice-queen, they call you. Snotty, stuck up – Southerner. The velvet fabric of your gown – far too warm for a winter in Dol Amroth; but already you shiver in the summer evenings of Rohan – the velvet is foreign to you and weighs down on your mind. You long for the silken dresses of lazy days, for the soft, fresh cotton sheets you slipped into when the weather became stuffy and thick. You long for home. The velvet is thick and scratchy, a little lace trim decorating the cuffs – but they remind you of shackles far too much. You long for the silken dresses hung in your wardrobe. You will never wear them again. . The night is old when you step into your rooms. They aren't your rooms, more Eomer's, and it feels like he's just lending them to you. It feels like you are a temporary stranger, amongst the battle armour and horse care instruments. You eye a brush with disdain; think that if this is what Eomer brushes his hair with, no wonder it looks such a mess – but you know better. You are simply being petty over a horse brush on the vanity. (Your gold-chiselled brush, made of Mumakil Ivory, looks out of place here. You are used to a long marble vanity but here, in the most private chambers of the King, there is no such thing. Only a sturdy wooden dresser that has seen better days.) You want to cry. The night is old when you step into your rooms. Eomer sleeps already, tired that he is from officing all day, and you wonder when was the last time you spoke. (On your wedding day, you think.) You dine in your rooms, because you have been taught that a Lady does not attend a dinner without her Lord, but Eomer scarcely has time for these things. He takes his meals in the privacy of office; squeezes sustenance between important paperwork and angry civilians, and there is little time left for a wife. Be it a Queen. You wonder if things are done differently in Rohan. You wonder if, perhaps, they wait for you in the banquet halls every night and sigh when you do not come. You wonder if they think you are snubbing them. You don't know. No one has ever bothered to tell you, and you have been taught that a Lady should never let her ignorance show. You are cold. The bed is wide. The sheets are cool when you slip between them, and you shiver. The rooms in Meduseld are small and of low ceiling to avoid losing heat, but even now you are cold. You wish you could press closer to the man sharing your bed, wish you could share his warmth if not his heart, but there is no such thing for a Queen of Convenience. You know your place. The hearth is cold and there are no extra blankets on the bed. No one has offered them to you and a Lady should never let her discomfort show – and you want to cry and cry and cry. It is dark. You pretend the few tears that slide against your cheeks don't exist. You want to cry and cry and cry, and you do so in silence. A Lady should never show her tears. . You wake before your husband. It's something that has been engrained into your being since you were a very small child. (Wake before your husband and make sure his breakfast is ready. Have the bath be prepared for him and keep his pageboy on hand so that he can be swiftly dressed. Check his calendar and remind him of his schedule for the day as you bring him fresh towels.) There is nothing for you to do in Meduseld. There are no baths in the King's chambers; breakfast is manned by cooks who work on rotation so there is always someone in the kitchen; and Eomer dresses himself. The first time you tried to look at his calendar, you were promptly made to understand that you had no business there. You wake up early because it has been engrained into you. The sky is still pale pink and soft golds. You slide to the window and watch the sun rise. Eomer wakes up when the sun peeks through the window. He rises in silence, ties his morning robe about himself and gathers his clothes before heading to the bathhouse. You wonder how it all went so wrong. . You write home daily. You are lonely here. There are no Ladies to entertain, no social outings to partake in. There is no one to be your companion, and you find yourself lonelier and lonelier as the days pass. You write home daily. You describe the heaviness in your soul in tear-stained letters to your father. You beg of them to visit, bite down sharply on your white knuckles as your vision blurs and your hand trembles. You miss the sea, you miss the hills, you miss the warmth of the Southern Sun. You want to go home. Rohan has made you grow cold and you feel sick, alone here, as if there was a darkness growing in your chest and taking over your soul. (You recognise it all too well. High bred ladies are warned against the silent monster that it is, for they are often the first to fall prey to it. You had thought yourself far too happy to ever succumb.) And yet, succumb you have. Getting up is hard in the mornings. Sometimes you lay in bed and stare at the dusty ceiling. You want to cry. . You never send those letters. They gather dust in a little drawer of the vanity, one you are careful to lock with an iron key you keep on yourself at all time. These letters contain no sensitive information, but a Lady does not show her despair and you know what a blunder it would be for anyone to come across the silent calls for help of the Queen of Rohan. You never quite manage to burn them though. . It is your birthday. You are fifteen today. Amrothos has promised, in an earlier letter, to send you presents. You know better than to expect them today - the roads in winter between Rohan and Dol Amroth are impracticable; but you had hope. You wake up with a heavy weight on your chest. (The elation of last year is so far from you. You wonder where your happiness has gone.) You miss the honey cake the Matron would prepare for you. You miss the extra sweet the cook would slip you as your father turned his back. You miss running barefoot on the sand, dancing in the waves with your brothers as you kicked and tossed white foam into each other's eyes. You miss braiding flowers into your hair and putting the silken green gown on that goes so well with your eyes and waking up your father by jumping on his bed. You miss home. Here, there is no one to remember that you were born today. There is no one to smile at you as you enter your sixteenth's year of existence, no one to welcome you into adulthood. Here you are Queen, and Queens don't have birthdays. They have duties no one has ever bothered to tell them about. . The letters pile quickly. You scrounge for more paper and ink, hating every second of it as you ask the matron from the very tip of your lips where you might obtain some. She huffs and bustles away and tells you to see the librarian. (You didn't know Meduseld had books - and here you are, being petty again. You hurt. You miss home.) The librarian is an old woman who does not allow a single noise in the library, be it from the King of Rohan himself or a stable boy. She glares at you when you clear your throat to get her attention, but because you are a Lady