Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord Of the Rings and am not benefiting at all financially from this story. Summary: Within the halls of Rivendell, new friendships are formed. A story on the friendship of Erestor and Glorfindel. Authors Note: I wrote this story so that I could give a little sample of the friendship between Erestor and Glorfindel. Even though I didn't write this with the intention that it would be slash, it can be taken that way if you want it to. I wanted to keep in the style of the actual books so the writing is a bit old school in comparison to how I usually write, which is pretty lax and simple. As this is a one shot, it really isn't written with the intention of having a point… as in, though this story is telling of the friendship between the two elves, there really isn't a larger purpose to it. Anyways, I hope you like it and find it an enjoyable read. I certainly enjoyed writing it. Please DO review when you finish because even if you thought it was very bad, I at least would like to know Enjoy the fic! ---------------------------------------- Erestor sighed as he examined a large roll of parchment by the candlelight. His legs ached from sitting for to long and his arm was beginning to protest against the fervent writing that it was subjected to. His keen and arguably perfect eye sight was not faltering but the strain of the day was beginning to wear on them, making them dry and weary. Signing his name quickly below a large paragraph, he dropped his quill into the inkpot and sat back on his usually comfortable chair and took a few large breaths. Despite the war having ended nearly a half year ago and festivities lasting throughout the months, Imladris was busy and he was once again at work. Those that had not gone to the Havens were to return soon to the magnificent house of Lord Elrond's and he was to make sure that everything necessary and a luxury was here for the taking. Arwen would not be often returning to Rivendell and he was sure that while most of the inhabitants would be content, there would be few that would be saddened by this departure. She had chosen to stay at Minis Tirith with Estel and share her life with him and his people, sparing only a few visits for her fathers halls. Erestor did not have a personal relationship with Arwen but he had watched her grow and he would sorely miss her presence. It had always been her voice that had drifted from the courtyard with the soft strums of the harps guiding her. He had listened to that voice for centuries and now there was nothing but the cry of eagles, the talk of birds and the pleasant murmur of the trees. Though he enjoyed these sounds, they were dulled in comparison to the Evenstar's voice. Placing the scroll to the side of him, Erestor stood from his workstation and walked to the balcony adjourning his study. In the distance, he could hear the steady sound of the waterfalls and the occasional sounds of a whiny as the horses were prepared for sleep. Smoothing down his robe and absentmindedly rubbing at his mouth, Erestor turned to the entrance of the room and made his way out into the corridor. Before leaving the room he picked up a small book from his table. There was a distinct quite in Imladris since the departure of most of the elves. Nowhere did he hear the sound of distant laughter as a story was shared or the footsteps of lovers walking through the elaborate archways to gaze at the skies together. It was lonely and for the first time in, the soft murmur of waves breaking on pure white sand filled his ears. Frowning at this and the implications of the murmur, he sought to distract himself. Walking through the corridors of Rivendell he made his way to his favourite area, a small patch of grass that was surrounded by a large and magnificent tree and contained a small but elaborately carved fountain. The fountain showed the dance of Luthien and was famous throughout the Elvish world for its detail and beauty. He often enjoyed watching it and imagining the carver who had created such a work of beauty and art. The fountain held water that was famed for its health properties, as it was from an underground spring it was known for its minerals. Reaching this desired spot of his, Erestor walked towards the stone bench that sat underneath a great and old tree. The tree, used to its elven visitors, had grown it's branches outwards and over the bench which in summer provided a cool relief from the merciless sun. Reaching this bench, he took out his book and began to read, his elven eyes reading the words easily despite it being night. The moon, thankfully, was full that night so it bathed the clearing in gentle rays that allowed him sufficient light for reading. His book, though interesting, could not absorb his attention and Erestor found himself constantly distracted by the night and its inhabitants. It wasn't long before he listened more then he read but both activities provided him with relaxation and comfort, something he rarely received. His ears being sharp, he heard the soft and almost silent sound of footsteps making their way towards the clearing. The walk was slow and he knew instantly that the elf that came his way was not out for any other purpose then to wander the halls and contemplate. Wondering whether he should move and save himself the trouble of pleasantries, he watched for the elf that rounded the corridor. He had been expecting it to be a common elf, one of the many that sought sanctuary in Imladris from the troubles of the war. Instead, the famed hero Glorfindel of the House of the Golden Flower walked casually through the arched corridors. The lord was surely a sight to behold; in the moonlight his natural spirit shone through and cast a warm glow around him that was only heightened by the unnaturally luminescent pale hair that fell loosely around his shoulders. He was dressed simply for a man of his position and had both of his hands clasped behind his back in a relaxed and informal position. Erestor felt himself grow uncomfortable at the sight of the Lord. He was not regarded as particularly elegant or noble in bearing and the thought of conversing with the Lord held no interest to him as he had only come to the clearing to read and rest his head for the night. However, as luck often does not come in favour of those who ask, Glorfindel did not pass by the clearing but instead stood at the entrance and surveyed it with steady and unwavering eyes. Erestor waited until the Lord's eyes rested on him and once they did he acknowledge him with a small bow of the head and the quite statement of, "My lord." Glorfindel returned the bow but used his body instead of his head. Erestor smiled slightly and decided that since the greetings were over, he was free to enjoy his book again. Looking down, he forced himself to focus on the script flowing neatly across the ancient book. However, he was soon interrupted by the footsteps of Glorfindel again. The only thing was that instead of the footsteps growing distant as the lord walked the corridors once more, they grew louder as the Lord walked towards him. Being a polite elf and proud of his manners, Erestor folded his book away as the noble elf took a seat beside him on the small white bench. Though they were not close enough to be touching, they were the closest they had ever been to each other. To his surprise, Glorfindel was the first to venture to speak, "It is a pleasant night is it not?" Unsure of what to say, Erestor replied, "Indeed it is my lord." The elf pursed his lips at this and spoke again, "There are no formalities tonight, Erestor." He was not naïve enough to believe that the Lord did not know his name but he still felt a thrill run through him at the thought of such an ancient and respected Elda addressing him, "As you wish." After a lengthy and weighted pause, Glorfindel ventured to speak again, "I find it odd that despite having lived in Imladris for such length, I have not yet had a decent conversation with you." Once again unsure of what to say, Erestor merely spoke the truth, "Before the war there were plenty of other distinguished elves in these halls, it is understandable that we had both been preoccupied." They lapsed into silence, but not one of discomfort, one instead of patient waiting. Within the forest, a bird cried out and a distant rustle revealed the shape of a black smudge soaring towards the moon. The fountain continued to flow its steady and clear water. Tucking his arms into the sleeves of his robe, Erestor spoke, "There is a different quiet to Imladris's nights now." "I have also noticed the peculiar quiet these nights hold, it is one that lacks. It lacks the promise of noise to come for many centuries." "Perhaps it is the first sign of the fourth age? Men are now the dominant ones on this land, we will soon be but a memory to them." The lord sighed, "It is difficult to trust such a divided people with this land but I guess we have no choice…" Erestor smiled knowingly, "I believe that Estel and Arwen will guide them well, they are worthy of their positions and generations to come will follow their example." "I believe that as well. It is peculiar to think that the little trouble maker that enjoyed rolling in soil and sneaking out to go exploring is now the king of men." A smile grew on Erestor's face, "Ah yes, I know of his mischief well. My coloured inks were forever disappearing and sure enough, his hands would be coated in them." Glorfindel laughed softly at that, "I recall the first time he attempted to ride a horse, quite a difference from the natural riding abilities we share." A laugh passed before them and there was a pleasant look of contentment on both of the elves faces as they recalled the exploits of the adventurous boy. Erestor paused, hesitated and then asked, "If I may ask, why did you not attend the wedding ceremony of LadyArwen and Estel and the peace celebrations in Gondor?" "I did not fight in the men's war, I felt that I had no place intruding on their celebrations for peace when I did not fight beside them or come to their aid. Besides, Rivendell needs protecting from wandering enemies and with the absence of Elrohir and Elladan, it is my duty to keep this sanctuary safe." "If I do recall correctly, you did take part in this war, your valiant efforts secured the future of the ring bearer, if you had not rode to them they would have surely failed." Sighing, the lord replied, "That was not battle, that was my duty. To have seen the faces of my brothers in arms marching into war is different from riding to aid but a few." "You are to modest, this war would have been lost before it began if you had not aided them." Smiling as he said so, Glorfindel watched the academic elf with a warm gaze, "Your compliments exceed any celebration, Erestor." Looking down at the cover of his book, Erestor fought against the warm feelings of comradeship that was forming with the lord despite only having talked little with him. He now understood why so many people held him in high