A/N: This is a re-write of my old unfinished story Freedom In Chains . Things have been changed and added. The plot will go in a different direction, but I have used old material. Disclaimer: Harry Potter characters are not mine. I do not own Harry Potter. I am not making money off this story. ... Warning: Even though I did edit out several scenes, his story is STILL not for the faint of heart. It has child abuse, slavery, Draco/Harry slash... If these things trigger you, don't read, please . Things like that are out there in the world. I want my story to reflect that. … Freedom Found In Chains August, 1984 Four-year-old Draco Black was yanked from a deep, peaceful sleep and dragged from bed. It was dark. The woman's face so close to his, and all he could see were wide eyes. "Come on! Hurry!" she yelled in his face. So dark. He could hardly see as he was painfully yanked forward and toward the door. And the air was thick, making Draco cough. His heart was pounding; Miss Heather was screaming, "Hurry! Hurry! Go downstairs!" The other kids stumbled and cried as she pushed them toward the door. Draco's pajamas grew damp with sweat. It was so hot. Then he heard it. A roar. Like a dragon from a story book. Then he saw the flickering light. Yellow and hot. Fire! Draco knew fire was bad. He grabbed Jillian's hand. She was the only one younger than him at the orphanage and she slept in the bed next to his. He pulled her downstairs, ignoring her loud, fearful screams. Bigger kids were running away. The nurses were yelling for them to get out. Draco stumbled as someone slammed into him from behind and hit his shoulder on the wall. He lost Jillian's hand and started to cry. Then he was outside; he turned to look at the front of the orphanage. It was burning! Flames jumped and flashed from every window. There were still people inside. He could hear them scream even over the cries from all the kids around him. Sirens pierced the night. People came running from all down the street. Draco turned as a man took his hand. He looked up, tears streaking his face, shocked and afraid. "Come on. I'll take you somewhere safe," the man said gently. "We have to get you off the street." Draco allowed himself to be tugged through the crowd. When they finally breached the press of bodies, the man swung Draco up on his hip. Staring over the man's shoulder, Draco couldn't tear his eyes away from the burning building. His home was burning to the ground. He was spun around and placed inside a van. "Buckle yourself in," the man ordered gently. Draco struggled to obey, but something didn't seem right. "But… where are we goin'?" The man turned around with a white cloth in his hand. Draco's eyes widened as the man slapped it down over his mouth and nose. Draco struggled and kicked, but he was falling sideways and blackness crawled across his mind. xXx Draco woke and immediately rolled onto his side and threw up. Tears streaking his face, he looked around. He was in a very small room. He could almost touch each wall if he stood in the center and reached both ways. A single light bulb hung from the ceiling. The walls were bare; the floor was tiled. The only thing in the room with him was a big white towel that he had wrapped around him like a blanket. Even though he was dressed, he couldn't stop shivering and he pulled the towel closer around him. A grate in the middle of the floor caught his attention. His vomit was sliding toward it and dripping down. He shuddered and crawled into the furthest corner from the only door. He wasn't stupid. He knew he was in big trouble. He knew the man who'd taken him wanted to do bad things to him. He knew it might hurt a lot. Shaking, Draco drew his legs up to his chest and curled into a tight ball. He sat there for an eternity, wrapped around his fear, when the door finally opened. The man from before gave him a smile and crouched down. His hair was thin and oily, hanging around his face. His cheeks were wide and fleshy, his eyes seemed small, but they never blinked behind his square glasses. He was big. Tall and wide, pudgy, he filled the doorway completely. In his big hands, knuckles dusted with dark hair, he had a bowl of rice, chicken, and vegetables. He offered it to Draco. Draco's eyes darted around, desperate for escape. His hands scrabbled at the walls as he pressed himself tight into the far corner. "Are you hungry? I bet you are. Come here, baby. Sit in my lap and I'll let you eat." Draco began to sob. He tried to get away, but there was no room. The man grabbed him easily, dragging him across the tile floor and into his lap. Draco sat rigidly as a large arm pinned him against the man's chest. He could feel how hot the man was even through their clothes. Draco shuddered and gagged, almost throwing up again. He wanted to turn and claw the man's eyes, to bite and scream. But he knew it would only get him hurt. A spoon rose to his lips. Draco stared at the offering with sick dread, shaking and terrified. "You're a good boy. Yes, you are. Come on. Open up." The man smiled and rubbed his cheek against the top of Draco's head when Draco finally forced his mouth open. "Yes. That's it. Good boy." xXx Years seemed to pass. Draco never left the closet. He used the grate in the floor to go to the bathroom. He was filthy, itchy, and it stunk. Sometimes the man came with food. Each time he forced Draco to sit in his lap. It no longer bothered him. Draco actually looked forward to the hated man's visits. He was lonely and bored. He thought he'd go crazy if he didn't get out of here soon. He was pacing the small room, literally bouncing himself off the walls just to break the silence. The door opened and Draco stilled. The man smiled down at him happily. "Hey, baby. How are you? I brought you a surprise." Draco noticed that the bucket the man held was filled with soapy water. "Let's get you cleaned up and then I'll feed you, okay, baby?" … (edit) Dazed, Draco said nothing as the sponge came and cleaned him off once more. "That's it, baby. You were so good for me. Come here." He said nothing when he was dragged naked into the man's lap and fed. The man took Draco's clothes when he left, so Draco curled up naked in the towel, eyes unseeing. He didn't cry. He was empty. It felt like years and years went by. The man visited him often, and now he was withholding food unless Draco let the man touch. xXx Pale slender body, the boy on his knees, chest and check pressed to the floor with his pale thighs spread. A single silver eye, wide and dull, stared over the soft curve of the boy's shoulder as the man knelt behind his prize. "You are so good at this, baby. I knew you would be. So good." He lifted the camera and took several pictures of the provocative sight. He stuck a finger in his mouth, wetting it. Trembling he reached forward and touched that perfect, soft skin. … (edit) The child bolted up right, head flown back, and screamed as if he were dying. The sound pierced through his haze and he yanked his hand free, spun the boy around, and slapped him hard across his little face. The boy flew sideways and hit the wall with a loud thud. "Shut up, you stupid brat!" Terrified for no good reason, furious and almost ready to burst his pants, the man stormed from the room and slammed the door behind him. xXx "Hello, baby. It's been two days. I know you're hungry." Draco felt hallowed out and the food the bastard held smelled like heaven. "Why… why are you doing this?" "I'm just trying to make us both happy." The man smiled and knelt down just inside the door. He opened his pants and lifted his hands up, grabbing the door frame. "I won't touch you this time, baby. I promise. That's what you want, isn't it? And I'll give you all this yummy food. Just touch me. See how big I am for you. It'll be easy." Draco felt dizzy. He was so hungry. The man promised not to touch him, so how bad could it be? He'd just do it quick and eat. Shaking, Draco crawled over on hands and knees. His hair was lank and greasy. It fell in white strands around his face and into his eyes. He lifted up to his knees in front of the man. He was rewarded with a bright smile. … (edit) "Shhh, you did so good, baby. So good. Come here, hush. Come on. Eat for me." Draco snapped. He balled his fists and yelled up at his captor with all the fury trapped inside. "Just leave it here! I don't want to see you! I hate you!" The man gave him a wounded look, but he did as Draco said. He pushed the food inside and shut the door. Draco crawled over and ate it quickly. It tasted salty from his tears. When he was done, he shoved the empty dishes away and curled up in the corner. "I'm going to get away from here," he promised, rocking himself soothingly. "No matter what, I'm going to get away from here." xXx "Let's try something new, baby." He knelt just inside the closet that held his treasure. The single light bulb hung from the ceiling and cast clear white light, filling the small space. The boy was thinner now than when he had stolen him, but he was still perfection. He couldn't tear his eyes away from those perfect plush lips. Candy pink. His heart felt close to soaring out of his chest in anticipation. His hands opened his pants with practiced movements. He smiled and drank in the boy's dead expression. "I want you to put it in your mouth today, okay? I've got a really special treat for you if you do a good job." The boy curled tighter into his corner, but his eyes tracked the piece of cake he pushed into the closet. There was longing in those luminous gray eyes. "Come on, baby. Please, for me? I'll really like it if you do this." The boy was torn, tears spilled over the flushed cheeks, but then he was crawling forward. Slinking like a beaten animal, big eyes staring at his rock hard shaft, and it was so erotic he almost came right there. "That's it," he gasped, breathless. "Come here. Good boy." … (edit) Exhausted, he stared down at the child that lay crumpled on the floor. Still tingling from the intense orgasm, he reached forward and turned the boy onto his side and hit his back a few times until he gasped and coughed up semen. He took several pictures of the gorgeous sight. "Such a good boy," he praised again and again. "You look so pretty, baby. Rest. I'll bring you dinner later." xXx "He's beautiful. You should see this kid. His eyes… I could stare into them for hours." Draco jerked awake, eyes crusted with sleep. The man was back. "You sound like a woman, Howie!" a new voice barked, followed by a laugh that was harsh and deep. "All I care about is his sweet little ass! How old do you think he is?"