Chapter 1: The Department of Mysteries In her first three months working for the Department of Mysteries, Hermione had probably done more cleaning and organizing than she had in the rest of her twenty-two years combined. Not that she was slob by any means, but things at the Ministry had been... neglected. Arthur Weasley and the rest of his department brought in a few large loads of boxes filled with artifacts every week. Artifacts deemed questionable were immediately sorted out and dealt with by the appropriate department. The rest were sent to a storeroom fitted with a massive extension charm. This particular storeroom also housed magical artifacts previously confiscated, found benign or useless, labeled, and catalogued by the old, hunched witch who had managed the storage facilities. Moira Trunkett had died two years ago in the very storeroom where Hermione sat staring dismally around her at the vast expanse of dusty boxes, two-story-high bookshelves, and hundreds, perhaps thousands of scrolls covered in tiny, illegible scrawl. After Moira's death, what with the Ministry still in upheaval and uncertainty as all officials and Ministry workers were investigated for ties to Voldemort or the Death Eaters and any sympathies which had led them to assist the advancement of Dark Magic and blood purity measures within the Ministry, nobody had bothered to find a replacement for old Moira. Once things had settled down in the Ministry and in the magical world in general, the state of the storeroom eventually became a problem. Even before Moira's demise, her system of organization was murky, at best. Apparently she had been able to make perfect sense of the organized chaos in storage, and could be counted on to find any item within a few minutes's time. The poor wizard who had been attempting to sort out the room in the interim before Hermione was hired had been highly dismayed to discover that the entire room was under a spell that prevented summoning charms from working. Most every part of the Ministry buildings were under such basic anti-theft charms, in fact. While her task was not glamorous in the least, Hermione had taken pleasure in it at first. Then, as it became clear that she would not be given any interesting assignments for quite a long time, the small joy of setting things to right soon dimmed. She was glad to be able to tell Ron and Harry that she was not authorized to discuss her assignments with them, since there was absolutely nothing of interest to tell. "Of course she'll never tell us anything interesting," Ron had lamented to Harry shortly after Hermione had landed the job. "Honestly, Ron, there's nothing interesting to tell," she replied. "I have the lowest possible security clearance of anyone in the Department of Mysteries. The house-elves know more than I do, and they aren't even allowed in the offices, just the corridors and meeting rooms after hours." "So, what do you do, then?" asked Ron. Hermione sighed. "I can't say... but it's nothing exciting. I might try to transfer out to another department if I get the chance." Thus far, she had spent weeks attempting to figure out Moira's cataloguing system, to no avail. She had started the mundane task of sorting the boxes left since Moira's passing, labeling artifacts and placing them in piles on the concrete floor. Most of it was junk. Some of the books held her interest and some of the newer Muggle odds and ends were foreign to her. Though it had been years since the war ended, she had not returned to the Muggle world or sought out her parents. She was terrified to find them only to discover that her memory charms were irreversible. The thing about messing with the memories of people, especially Muggles, was that the more often certain memories were targeted, the more likely the chance of permanent brain damage. The charms on the storeroom also prevented her from levitating objects. The best she could do was lighten the weight of the boxes with a charm and stack a few of them in her arms. She spent most days crouched over boxes or schlepping them back and forth as she worked out her own system of organization. On this particular day, Hermione was taking a break from her mind-numbing work, reading an old Charms text while eating her lunch. She could have gone to the break room (she was allowed in there, at least), or gone out for a bite with Margaret, the giggly secretary from the front office, but the book had caught her eye and she did not dare take it out of the room. She was so engrossed in the text that a knock on the storeroom door startled her enough to drop the book and jump to her feet. "Hermione?" called a nasally voice, belonging to her supervisor, Richard Goode. He opened the door and poked his head in. "Yes?" she asked, walking toward him, heart pounding from the interruption. "Have you taken a break today?" he asked. "I haven't seen you emerge at all from the storeroom, and I know how you tend to get... involved in your work." "Oh! Yes, actually I'm eating my lunch at the moment." "In here?" he asked incredulously. "Well... yes," she said. "I, uh, didn't feel much like going out today." He stepped around the door and surveyed the room, the stacks of artifacts, and finally, Hermione herself. "Hermione, I appreciate that you've tackled this project with such, ah, determination... but you really should leave the room every now and then. We Department of Mysteries folk may be a bit strange, but we don't bite. You might enjoy some amount of, ah, social interaction during the workday, I daresay." Hermione smiled and said, "I suppose that would be nice." "You haven't found anything... interesting... have you?" he asked, rather seriously. Hermione laughed. "Nothing but dusty old books and all sorts of Muggle odds and ends," she said. "Well," he said, seeming unsure what else to say. "I'll leave you to it, but please do come out and reassure us you're still alive and breathing now and then." "Will do," she said politely. He slipped out of the room and shut the door behind him. Sighing, she bent down to retrieve her book. As she straightened up, the label of a nearby box she had recently unearthed caught her eye. Albus Dumbledore – Storage Requested – Sorted, it read. "Dumbledore?" she whispered. What might he have sent to the Ministry and why? Obviously anything interesting would have already been removed, but she was compelled to pull the box out and lift the lid anyway. There was not much left inside – just a few books, maps of the school, a pair of candlesticks featuring the school crest in raised relief, and an empty jewelry box covered in runes. Beginning to feel very sad, Hermione picked up each item and turned it over in her hands. One of the books turned out to be a second copy of The Tales of Beetle the Bard, identical to the copy she now owned. Hermione smiled as she wiped the dust off the cover. She began to thumb through the pages, memories from their year on the run surfacing in her mind. There was a metal bookmark left in the middle of the book and she pulled it out to get a better look at it. It seemed to be made of silver, featured the outlines of a writhing mass of serpents at the top, and was inscribed with a poem. Hermione read it aloud with breathless interest: " A man's virtue cannot be known Lest he show it to the light In death may his nature own The living truth once kept from sight" Below the poem were runes that said, " If you are alone, speak and believe, 'I trust Severus Snape.' " "I trust Severus Snape," she said, her voice cracking. The bookmark emitted a short flash of light that caused Hermione to squint. Through her eyelashes, she saw a face take shape, made of light and dust from the air. It was the face of Albus Dumbledore. " This is a message for Hermione Granger," it said. " In accordance with my will, my copy of 'The Tales of Beetle the Bard' now belongs to her. If you are not Miss Granger, kindly return this artifact to where you've found it. Miss Granger – Hermione, my dear – please find yourself a seat somewhere private where you won't be interrupted or overheard. When you are ready, press your thumb over the center of the circle on this bookmark." A few minutes passed, during which Hermione scurried away to a secluded corner of the storeroom and cast Muffliato. She pressed her thumb down in the middle of the circle made by the mass of engraved snakes, and the metal warmed slightly under her touch. " Very well, I trust we won't be overheard," said Dumbledore. " What I am about to reveal to you, Hermione, you must not tell anyone... especially Harry Potter." Hermione felt tears well up in her eyes, as she anticipated what this vision of Dumbledore was about to tell her. " I trust Severus Snape. Yes, even in death, even in death by his hand. There will come a time when Severus must speak to Harry. There is information that must be shared – but not until the time is right. When such a time comes, Hermione, do all that you can to assist Severus in this task. He will seek Harry out when it becomes necessary. Until then, my dear, only you can know that Severus is indeed still on our side." The vision paused and seemed to stare straight into her soul, unblinking. Hermione was now crying in earnest. " There is something else with which I must burden you, Hermione." Another long pause, and now Dumbledore seemed to be holding back his own tears. " It is highly likely – practically certain – that Severus will not make it out of this war alive. This is one of my greatest regrets. You will... understand why... later." Dumbledore stopped, removed his spectacles, and fiddled with them before returning them to his nose. " You, my dear, are perhaps the only witch in the world I would entrust with such a request. I understand if you refuse it. The task is a dangerous one." The vision of Dumbledore paused and sighed heavily. " If Severus Snape dies, I would ask you, Hermione, to bring him back." Another pause, seemingly designed to give Hermione a moment to digest that information. " Not by any Dark means, no... I would never ask that of you, my dear. Dark magic wouldn't provide a true return to life in any case, as Tom has discovered. I'm afraid we will have to use Time, and only under certain circumstances will it be possible." Hermione's breath caught in her chest. Surely he was not suggesting that ... " That all I can say at this time. Should this task become necessary, seek out my portrait for further counsel." The bright vision dissipated in a smoky swirl, leaving only the dust in the air behind. Hermione's mind was reeling in confusion and excitement. How had she received the wrong copy of the book? She flipped through the pages, which were exactly as she remembered them down to the hallows symbol written in ink and a torn page near the back of the book. "Someone made a replica," she breathed. "But why, if this one only ended up in a box in this wreck of a storage room?" It was not the first time Hermione had wondered just how some of the valuable artifacts she occasionally came across while organizing the storage room had come to be there, forgotten. Surely someone would have wanted them for a museum or personal collection – but instead they