A/N: This is it! I've posted my first fic! This is the result of a plot bunny after someone on Twitter mentioned how cool it would be to have a RockClimbingWard. Well, here he is! Huge thanks and hugs to my PTB betas, BelleDuJour, GossipLips and RaindropSoup. To my pre-readers TwiSNFan and Louisemc86: this would never have seen the light of day without you. I may have tweaked before posting, so all mistakes are mine. I don't own Twilight. I do own a well-worn, dog-eared book of climbing quotes. Chapter 1 Yosemite Decimal System (YDS) - n. the most common system used to rate difficulty in the North America. Most technical rock climbing is rated on a scale of 5.0 to 5.15 with higher numbers representing harder climbs. Grades are generally subject to the weather, length of the route, the type of rock, and the whims of the first ascensionist. Definition amended from rockclimbing dot com BPOV Every first day is the same. Whether it's your first day of elementary school, your first day at high school, your first day at your new high school, first day at college, or your first day at your first real job, they are all the same. In climbing, if you're first, you get to name it and grade it. I call today, 'New Online Writer, Seattle Times': 5.12. Today is rather different from my first day as a journalism student at the University of Arizona. For example at U of A, I wasn't having nearly this much trouble deciding what to wear. My reflection fidgets back at me—wide, brown eyes taking in my black pencil skirt and cream cotton shirt combo. U of A dorm room reflection was comfortable in skinny jeans, a tank top, and beaten up Chucks. Seattle reflection is wondering how the hell she's going to survive a day in these heels. Deciding that my look is as good as it's going to get, I put on some light makeup, pull my long mousy-brown hair into a high ponytail, and stuff my high heels into my oversized purse before donning my Chucks. I wrap myself in a knit cardigan and hurry out of my two-bedroom apartment, locking the door behind me. With my new favorite album filling the cab of my truck, I tap my so-short fingernails on the steering wheel. Said fingernails are like this due to my lifelong nervous habit of biting them, and out of necessity for my weekend endeavors. My palms are calloused and scratched. They bear the scars of ancient injuries, and a few recent ones. The lovely, silvery line across my right palm is evidence of a rope-burn I sustained as a senior in high school. I smile at the memory—one of my first outdoor trips with my Quileute friends on the Olympic Peninsula. Growing up in Forks, Washington was a happy time. I was born there and lived in the small town with my parents until the age of seven, when they divorced. From there, I went to Phoenix with my mother, Renee, where we stayed until she remarried halfway through my junior year of high school. Then, my free-spirited, dizzy-as-a-wheel, dearest mother moved with new husband to Florida. It was then that I returned to the NorthWest to finish out my high school years with Charlie: Forks' Chief of Police, enthusiastic fisherman, and most importantly, my dad. It was in Forks that I truly discovered my love of the outdoors. I had loved living in Phoenix, but growing up in the city meant that organized sports were the standard for physical activity, including one ill-fated semester of ballet lessons when I was nine. My inability to walk successfully across a flat surface without finding something to trip over, however, called for my participation to be limited to compulsory PE classes. When I went to live with my outdoorsy dad, I found a passion in exploring the lush, green environment around Forks. Activities demanding hand-eye coordination not being my forte, I really grew into my own in the plethora of outdoor options the Northwest had to offer. Weekend hiking, camping, and exploring the beaches around La Push gave me exposure to things I found I could actually do. With the encouragement of my Native American friends, and supplemented by the income and staff discount I received at my after-school job at Newton's Outfitters, I discovered my true home. Where on the horizontal, flat pavements of the city I had two left feet, I found I could shine on the vertical, abrasive rock surfaces of the mountain cliffs in the Olympic Peninsula. There, on the rock, I was graceful, agile, and strong. It's my love of the outdoors that has brought my back to Washington. After finishing my degree in Journalism in Arizona two years ago, I have spent my time travelling and blogging freelance for Arizona tourism websites. I've also written the odd article or two for various climbing and outdoor magazines. When the perfect, permanent position became available at the Seattle Times, both me and my bank account rejoiced. So, that's how I'm now the proud, new, salaried web-writer for the Outdoors section. The job has many perks. I get to write about what I love doing, and I can retain my somewhat-vagabond lifestyle by working from my home office in the second bedroom of my apartment or out on the road. I'm still expected to be in the office at least once a week for meetings, but this job gives me flexible working options. I think I'm going to love it. I pull into the parking lot opposite my new employer's building. I wish it was quiet, but my truck gives a loud splutter-cough-BANG announcing my arrival. I swap my Chucks for a pair of black heels, open the door to the old Chevy beast with a creak, and shut it with another bang. Hitching my bag over my shoulder, I hurry through the mist and across the street in my heels, being mindful of the flat, yet highly unpredictable, pavement. The security guard at the entrance checks my bag, and I'm issued a visitor's pass for today while my permanent one is made. I squeeze into the crowded elevator and meekly ask someone to press the button for the seventh floor. The receptionist—who barely managed to draw her eyes from her open Facebook page—directs me to take a seat, where I wait for my new boss. I have read some of Tanya Denali's work online, and I am very impressed. "Bella Swan?" I hear my name, punctuated by the click-clack of heels on the polished floor. Looking up, I see a tall, strawberry-blonde woman walking toward me, her smile wide and hand outstretched in greeting. I rise to my feet and offer my best first-day smile in return. "I'm Tanya. We're so happy to have you here at The Seattle Times." "It's great to meet you, Tanya," I reply. Even in my heels, I have to look up to meet her ocean-blue eyes. "I'm really excited to be here." Tanya gestures for me to follow her through the double doors, asking me about my trip into work and how long it took me to get here. We walk into a large, loud open office space separated into partitions containing four desks each. Closed-off offices flank the open area, which I assume are for the senior writers and editors. Tanya click-clacks into one of these offices and directs me to sit in a red leather chair opposite the large, mahogany desk in the center of the room. "We've seen some of your work online," Tanya starts, looking at her computer. I shift in my seat. "You're already well established as a travel writer, and the references you provided in your resume are quite impressive. You're quite comfortable in that medium, aren't you." It was more like a comment than a question. I clear my throat. "I did quite a bit of writing for the college p pa paper when I was at U of A, but found I was better suited to online. I found I could work well on the fly when I was out and about." During my time freelancing, I regularly took notes and captured sound-bites as the inspiration struck me on my digital recorder. "One of my favorite things to write about is the people I meet during my outdoor pursuits, and the stories they tell." Tanya nods at me with a smile. "I'm the same," she says. "You can capture your view of the experience, but I find the stories from people really make the experience so much richer for the reader." I nod in agreement. I'm beginning to feel much more comfortable. Tanya and I seem to be on the same page in regard to our journalism ethos. We talk a little more about our loves for travel and the outdoors. While my passion lies on the rock and in the mountains, Tanya is more of a water enthusiast. She tells me of her most recent experiences, surf kayaking and kite-surfing off the Californian coast. She shares a few grumbles about the cold weather of the Northwest. Taking her in, I can see how that might bother her—she's got the classic, sun-kissed surfer-girl look down to a tee. "Now, as we discussed over the phone, we expect you in the office for weekly meetings, and on other odd occasions. Other than that, you're free to work from home or your mobile office," she says with a wink. We both know that in our field, 'mobile' means wherever you can find a semi-flat surface and Wi-Fi. "On your office days, you're welcome to set up at one of our hot-desks. We'll get to those in a minute." Tanya stands and heads for the door, motioning me to follow. "But first, let me introduce you to the team." I follow Tanya toward a cubicle. "I'm so glad to have a little more estrogen on the team," she says over her shoulder, as she click-clacks her way to the cubicles. "I mean, the guys are great, but it'll be nice to even things out a bit, y'know?" From my interview and our chat this morning, I decide that I quite like Tanya. She's personable, warm, and very easy to talk to. Her laid-back, California-like attitude is rather like what I'm used to finding in people that spend much of their lives outdoors. She does appear to like the finer things, though—her perfect manicure is evidence of that. Throughout the morning, I'm introduced to my team. I attend my first meeting with the Travel and Outdoors group. They are, as Tanya pointed out earlier, all male, with the exception of Tanya and me. I meet Eric and Alec, who look after the Seattle and Washington guides. They're both Seattle locals, born and bred. I'm then introduced to James, who will also be working on the Outdoors section with me. James tells me that he loves hiking and hunting, all the while running his eyes from my head to my toes, with a pause at the level of my cleavage. It gives me the creeps. I wonder what kind of 'hunting' he's talking about. Tanya calls in Marcus and Eleazar via Skype, from British Columbia and Portland respectively. They are quiet and offer little to the mostly Seattle-centric conversation. Later, Tanya tells me, she'll introduce me to our European correspondent, Liam, who works from his Irish base. All in all, it seems like a great team. I'm told our work is supplemented by some freelancers that write for the paper and blogs. The thing that blows me away the most is that one writer, Waylon, is dedicated solely to writing about fishing. I'm sure Charlie is familiar with his work. After lunch, Tanya gives me time to settle in and do some online research. I've kicked my shoes off where I'm seated at one of the hot-desks near the Lifestyle