Summary: Long days are spent swimming in the river with your mates, and trying to catch the eye of the cute boy from out of town. It might be a hundred degrees in the shade, but we'll still wear silly paper hats and eat a big, hot, roast dinner. This is Christmas in Australia, and we wouldn't have it any other way. A/N: I'm grateful to Astro2009 for all of the betalove—thanks, mate! Love and tinsel to TwiSNfan for pre reading, and for being generally amazing. I'd pull her cracker any day. This started as a one-shot, but it's blown out a little. This is a mini-fic, so it'll be about half a dozen chapters at the most. Before we begin: Thongs are footwear commonly known as 'flip-flops' elsewhere in the world. Bathers is a swimsuit. And lemonade, for Aussies, means Sprite or 7-Up. Hope this clears up any confusion ;-) Weather With You Chapter 1 I tap my foot impatiently beneath the counter as Mrs Biers counts coins in front of me. She buys the same thing every Saturday—surely it's not so hard to have the correct change before she comes in here? "Oh, blow!" she says, smiling at me with a creased-lip grin. "I lost count. I'll have to start again." Placing my hands over the coins, I drag them towards me. "Here, let me. It'll only take me a minute." "Oh, Bella. You're such a nice girl to do that for me." She stretches the fingers on her hand. "My arthritis has been playing up lately." I count the coins quickly, and give her back the excess. "Here you go. Would you like a bag?" "Yes, please." She drops the coins in to her purse and puts it back into her handbag. We go through this routine every single Saturday morning. She buys the local paper and a carton of milk. She wraps the milk in the newspaper—to keep it cold on the trip home to Mr Biers—then it all goes into a plastic bag. She'll be responsible for a thousand seal deaths, I'm sure of it. She takes her plastic bag from me. "What are your plans for next year, Bella?" I force a smile onto my lips. "Oh, I'm not sure. I'm hoping to go to uni in Melbourne, but I won't know more until January. That's when we find out our placements." "Ah yes, that's right," she says. "My Riley's off in Melbourne. He's studying Engineering." She's told me this already, but I nod anyway. She's told me this a thousand times. Riley's a bit of a genius, but I'm sure old Mrs Biers doesn't know that the reason her grandson has the nickname "Beersy" is not just because of his last name. "You have a nice weekend, Mrs Biers." "You too, Bella. Make sure you wear a hat—I'm sure you're inclined to burn, and it's going to be very hot. In the forties, the weatherman said." "Thanks, Mrs Biers. See you next week." "Have a lovely Christmas," she says, and the bell above the door rings as she pulls it open. A rush of hot air comes in, despite the fact that the aircon is running, and I'm relieved when the door closes again, but I pull my ponytail away from the back of my neck and fan myself with my hand. "Morning, Bella!" booms a voice from somewhere in the shop. I jump a mile. "Shit, Dale! You gave me a heart attack!" My boss blows through the shop, his motorcycle helmet still on his head and a pile of papers tucked under his arm. He gives me a wave on his way to the door that leads to the house adjoining the shop. "Cuppa?" he asks. "Yes, please," I call after him. Another wave tells me he heard me, and I head over to the magazine rack to straighten things up. It's always a mess on a Saturday morning—after the after-school rustling of the plastic covers by the schoolboys in an attempt to try to see a bit of boob, there's crap everywhere. As I straighten, I mentally go through my Christmas list. I shouldn't be surprised at how quickly it's coming up, but I am. School was done with a month ago, and I've spent most of my days hanging out with my friends or down at the river, but there really isn't much to do in a town as small as Forks Creek. My best friend, Angela, and I headed to Melbourne a few weeks ago to do some shopping. We were a bit restricted on where we could go because Ange doesn't turn 18 until January, but it was fun to hang out and shop and see the bright lights of the Big Smoke. It also cemented an idea in my head—regardless of what I get into at uni, I can't stay in Forks Creek. I need to get out. So, as a result of my shopping trip, I have presents sorted for pretty much everyone—Charlie, Renee, Phil, my brother Jamie, my cousin's kids, and Ange. The Clearwater kids are getting iTunes vouchers, because I have no idea what to get eleven and thirteen year olds. I've done a heap of baking, so Charlie's mates at the station are all getting cute little gingerbread houses. I know they have sweet tooths, so that should keep them all happy. I just need to get something for my lovely neighbour, Liz. Since I moved back to Forks Creek when I was fourteen, Liz has been a mother-figure to me. Don't get me wrong, Renee is and will always be my mum, but after she married Phil when I was ten, and he got a permanent job in the States as a baseball scout, I decided I wanted to stay in Australia with my dad. My school was here, my friends were here, and I was too worried about Charlie being on his own to pick up and move halfway around the world. "Here you go," says Dale, breaking into my thoughts. He has two cups, and holds one out to me. It's white with the state Lotteries logo on it. It's faded so it's barely recognisable, but it's the same cup I've been using since I started working here three years ago. It's part of my routine. "Ta," I reply, taking the steaming cup from him. I know it's already approaching the thirties outside and it's not even 10AM yet, but I sip the tea gratefully anyway. "Is everyone up?" "Nah," he says. "Well, mostly everyone. Emmett's still asleep, the lazy shit." "Suppose it seems worse when you've been awake since four," I say, smirking over the top of my cup. "Exactly!" Dale pounds on the counter for emphasis, and his tea almost spills. "See, Bella, you understand me. If Emmett wasn't spending every Friday night running around 'til all hours…" "So give him the Saturday morning shift," I say, and I laugh as I have to dodge when Dale tries to clip me over the ear. "Hey! Watch the tea!" "You kids these days. Bloody cheeky." Dale shakes his head as he heads back into the house. "I'm gonna go get some toast. Want some?" "I'm right, thanks," I reply. "I had brekky before I came in." Smiling to myself, I grab a feather duster and dust off the shelves. I really like Dale. He's a bit of a polarising character, and people either loathe him or love him. In fact, in this town, most didn't like him at first. He declared when he came here that he was here to do business—that he was here to make money, not friends. Over time, however, he's grown on me, and on most of the people in town. I straighten the tinsel that's falling down in the front window, and stand the blow-up Santa back on his feet, cursing the little shits that came in here earlier, in their yet-to-be grass-stained cricket whites, and made a mess. The rest of my shift passes just like any other Saturday morning shift, filled with tradies getting breakfasts of pies from the warmer and Big Ms. There's my other regulars, including old Tom, who never says a word as he bustles in to get his paper, but always calls out a "Thank you!" as he leaves, like he can't possibly go without using his manners. It's weird, but he does it every single week. I'm in the fridge, restocking the milk, when I hear the doorbell ring. "Just a minute!" I call through the open door. I straighten the last couple of bottles, then rub my hands together as I exit the fridge, shutting the door behind me. "Be right there!" There's no answer and I can't see anybody at the counter, so I imagine whoever has come in is either somewhere near the back of the shop or has left. I quickly glance at the convex mirrors that are at the end of each aisle, and see the distorted figure of a tall-looking guy dressed in tan shorts, a white t-shirt, and thongs. I wait patiently, but this guy seems happy browsing in the five short aisles we have here at McCarty's General Store. My stomach rumbles at the same time I check the clock; it's one o'clock, which means knock-off time. "Thanks for this morning," says Vera quietly, entering the main part of the shop. I smile at her—she's so unlike her husband, quiet and mild, but she has a wicked sense of humour. As opposite as most outsiders would think she and Dale are, they complement each other perfectly. "You're welcome," I reply, grabbing my bag from under the counter. "Would you mind working tomorrow afternoon?" she says, opening the till and taking out the cash that is my pay. "I know it's Christmas Eve, but I think it's going to be busy. Shelly from the caravan park said they've got heaps coming in early, so I suspect we'll be run off our feet." "Sure," I reply, not too keen to work on Christmas Eve, but knowing I need the money. "But can I go at eight? I'm supposed to meet my friends at the Club. I promised." "No problem," she says, handing me the money. "If it's still busy, I'll make Emmett work later." "Sounds good." I stuff the cash into my pocket and smirk to myself—I'm sure Emmett would've liked to have gone to the Club himself. Picking up my bag, I head for the door. "I'll see you tomorrow!" "Bye, Bella." The hot air hits me like a wave as soon as I walk out of the shop, and I know that even though I parked my ute under the shadiest tree in the street, it's still going to be a sauna. My thoughts are confirmed when I open the door, and hot air washes out from inside the cabin. Pulling down the towel I used to cover the steering wheel, I lay it on the vinyl to protect the back of my legs, and kick off my sneakers, tossing them to the floor below the passenger seat. I wind down all the windows because, although I'm well-off enough to have my own car, I'm poor enough to not own a car with air conditioning. The ute starts first go, and I rumble down the main street, summertime music blaring, and head to the part of town that runs along the river. The houses here are further apart and, this far out of town, nobody has front fences or footpaths. There's no formed gutters, but the road is soft-edged with large ditches between the road and the front lawns. Jumping the ditches made for great long jump practice when I had to run for the school bus when I was younger. I pass a couple of people I know along the way, so I give them a friendly wave. One of the things about being the Sergeant's daughter