Elven Words: Gwador nin - sworn brother (not blood related) Mae Govannen - Well met Ada - Daddy (not formal) Adar - Father (formal) Ion - Son Muindor - Brother Hir nin - My Lord (familiar) Mellon nin - My Friend Estel - Aragorn's Elven Name given to him by Lord Elrond when he was brought to Rivendell to be raised and protected. *Lady Gilrean - Aragorn's mother *Dunedain - Men descended from the line of the ancient kingdom of Numenor. *Valinor - paradise for the Elves A/N : *This is my first LOTR fanfic so be kind I highly respect Tolkien so please if they are a little out of character I'm sorry.* A/N 2 : *Forgive me if I used the Elvish language wrong I tried my best.* A/N 3 : *In Cannon Aragorn was only 10 years old when Battle of the 5 Armies took place unlike what Peter Jackson had portrayed in the movie when he had made Aragorn older when Legolas set out to find him.* It was a warm spring day in Rivendell home to Lord Elrond and his family. The trees were filled with life and everything was blooming after such a harsh winter. The Last Homely house were busy with their morning routines and this day Lord Elrond had been in his study overlooking the reports of the rising shadow of Mordor that he had received from the Dunedian Rangers of the North as well as trade agreements. He had been so busy that he didn't hear a knock on his study door "Enter." He heard the door open and his chief counselor Erestor entered the room. "Hir nin King Thranduil's party from Mirkwood is on their way to Rivendell we just got word this morning." Erestor told him which Elrond couldn't help but wonder if someone was injured and needed healing but than he realized what day it was today. "That's wonderful I almost forgot that it is Estel's birthday today I had been so busy lately." Elrond knew that his kitchen staff were probably busy preparing the meal and the special surprise as well. "Is Estel awake?" Lord Elrond asked which Erestor shook his head. "I told your sons that they could do the honor of waking up Estel for they said they wanted to surprise him since they had been away for 2 weeks with Glorfindel on patrol." Glorfindel was the captain of the Rivendell forces and Elrond trusted his old friend to look after his sons for he would try to keep them from being too reckless while out on patrol. Erestor saw the expression change on his friend and smiled a little for he knew that Elrond had always worried about his sons especially since their vengeance against orcs began after their mother had sailed to Valinor over many years ago. "Good I just hope they were more careful this time and don't have to carry either one to the healing wards." Elrond remembered the last time and he was real lucky that Elladan had carried his twin back in time or else the worse would of happened. Their twin bond was the strongest he ever knew and it helped them especially in battle. It wasn't long until he heard the horn signaling that the patrol had returned and he went to greet his sons and his old friend. "Mae Govannen ion nins and mellon nin." Elrond greeted them which they returned the greeting. "Mae Govannen Adar we had successfully ran the orcs away from our borders." Elladan told him which Elrohir smiled and noticed that Estel wasn't there greeting them for he normally would never miss the smiling faces of his gwador nins. "Where is Estel?" Elrohir asked which their father smiled. "I thought that Estel's surprise could be his brothers waking him up for he had been waiting for your return. It's his birthday today." Elrond smiled as the twins hurried off to wake up their little brother. Once the twins would out of sight Elrond motioned Glorfindel to follow him to his study for he could tell that his old friend had important news for him. "Mae Govannen Hir nin." Glorfindel returned the greeting which Elrond smirked a little they had known each other for a very long time but his old friend still used the title to address him. Once inside the study and they took their seats Elrond became serious "So what news do you bring me Glorfindel?" "As you know orcs had been coming more close to our borders but not just the rise in orcs is my only concern. I heard rumors that Mordor is stirring again and it's possible that Sauron could return and might be still looking for Isildur's heir." Elrond sighed for he had just received the reports himself "Estel is now 12 years old and after the death of Lady Gilrean we are the only ones who can help him and keep him safe until he's of age of learning his true heritage. I had promised that much and I know Estel is wanting to leave these borders soon my friend." Elrond thought of the past for a moment it had been an age since the Last Alliance and the fight against Mordor in which Sauron had been defeated. But they should of known that he would endure and return in search for Isildur's heir along with the Ring of Power. The time of the elves is ending and soon men would have to rule Middle Earth alone but until that time Elrond will make sure that the men won't stand alone if he could help it. "Yes but I can up his training and if he were to start learning about the way of the wild the twins would go with him for they are some of the best warriors." He reassured him. "That would be great." He had mixed feelings concerning Aragorn but he knew he couldn't keep him in the borders of Rivendell forever. His thoughts were interrupted when he heard the sound of two horns and Glorfindel smiled. "It seems Mirkwood and Lothlorien had arrived my lord." Glorfindel followed his old friend out of the room and as they made their way to greet their guests they came across Lindir. "Lindir when you see my sons tell them I await them in the main dining hall." Elrond told the minstrel which he bowed his head. "Yes my lord I will let them know." Elrond smiled and thanked him soon they were at the gate. "Mae Govannen." Elrond greeted everyone which Galadriel smiled. "Mae Govannen where are my grandchildren?" She asked which Thranduil spoke up. "Probably teaching Estel a prank to pull on us while all of us are here." Legolas smirked for the twins and Estel were a lot of fun to be around and he too had pulled some pranks with them which his father had not been pleased but it had been worth it. "I assure you I had already lectured them last night and since it's Estel's birthday I had arranged the celebration in the main dining hall. We will meet in an hour." Elrond told his guests as they were shown to their rooms to freshen up. Legolas finished quickly and went in search of his friends which luckily for him he noticed Estel's footprints they didn't seem to be that old. He could track the human for Estel had a harder time concealing his footprints unlike the twins. "Estel?" Legolas called out which soon he was pushed to the ground. "Legolas you came I had been looking forward to seeing you it's been too long mellon nin." Estel greeted which he laughed and smiled. "It's great to see you too mellon nin." Legolas was helped up and the twins were laughing hard. "I thought he was a better warrior than that munidor." Elrohir told his twin which Legolas smirked. "Estel it seems like we have some payback what do you say?" Legolas saw his friend's face light up for Estel would never turn down pranking the twins. "I think munidor that Estel has been waiting to get back at us for the prank that we did to him last week." Elladan told his twin which they both knew when Legolas and Estel were together trouble followed them everywhere. Estel sighed "How long have you been looking for me?" He could sense the worry of the twins when they approached him a few minutes ago. Elladan noticed the change in his gwador nin "Not long is there something bothering you?" Estel knew his brothers were always there for him but he knew deep down some things he would have to deal with on his own but for some reason he decided to open up to them today. "I was at my mother's grave." Estel told them which all three them fell silent and just rushed at him giving him a group hug for they understood that his mother's sudden death had affected him deeply. She had fallen ill and even though Lord Elrond tried to save her it was too late. "It's alright Estel she is watching over you. She is proud of you." Elladan told him which Elrohir nodded. Legolas knew that his friend was hurting so he came up with an idea "Estel how about all four of us do something fun together today?" Estel's mood changed and he smiled for real he was lucky to have all three of them as gwador nin. "Well what should we do?" He asked. Before they could answer Lindir found them "My lords Lord Elrond had wanted me to tell you that your grandparents and King Thranduil are awaiting you at the great hall." Estel knew than what he wanted to do and smirked "Lindir tell ada we will be there soon." Lindir sensed they were planning something but decided not to asked "Very well I will tell him." He took his leave and Elrohir noticed the expression on Estel's face. "What do you have in mind?" Elrohir turned to his twin and smirked for he had a feeling that this day no one will forget. Estel smirked for he turned to the twins "I want to prank as many here as possible first I want to do Lindir's harp. I want to put honey on his strings so when he tries to play his fingers will slip instead." Elladan and Elrohir smirked "Legolas go to the great hall tell our father and the others that we have to make sure Estel cleans up for he had been in the woods." Legolas knew that Lord Elrond would accept that excuse for Estel was always dirty from his outside adventures. "Hurry I don't want them to suspect what you three are up to." He took off and the others went to grab the honey from the kitchen and made their way to Lindir's room which luckily for them his harp was still sitting the corner. "Hurry Estel." Estel gave the twins the look for them to keep an eye out for Lindir which they nodded. He hurried inside and poured the honey over the harp strings than they left making their way to the great hall where the meal was under way. Elrohir grabbed him "Wait go to your room and change your clothes quickly we must not make a liar of Legolas or else father would ask us what we were really up to." Estel knew that his brother was right so he detoured to his room and changed as fast as possible. Soon all three entered the great hall and Lord Elrond greeted them in which Estel ran and gave Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel a hug which they were glad to see the future king of Gondor growing into the man they all knew he would become. Estel than turned to King Thranduil and greeted him which the king smiled "You had grown Estel I take it