My rewrite of Bloody Roses. Originally started in 2008 when I was in HS. Crazy to think about considering that was literally nine freaking years ago. God damn I'm old. Decided I wanted to give this thing a whirl though so here is the first chapter. More to come soon. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, or the characters. All characters that did not appear in the Twilight book series are my own creation. Please don't steal them. A little bit of the scene with Laurent and Bella is paraphrased from New Moon and belongs to Stephanie Meyers. Isabella Swan paused for the smallest of seconds, filling her lungs with air as she drew the scents of the forest around her. She couldn't quite catch the fading scent of the human she'd been trailing. Which in truth was rather irritating to say the least. Groaning in frustration she turned back to her half-eaten dinner, the poor wolf fading quickly, as a grimace flitted across her small pretty mouth. What she wouldn't give for the taste of richer blood. The thrill of the sweet nectar across her tongue. Dear God. Isabella had been dreaming about richer hunting grounds for weeks, not surprising after hiding away in the mountains since the change. She'd only gotten a couple good meals in since she'd turned approximately six months prior, literally the day of when she had caught that poor unsuspecting hiker off guard. However, that hadn't lasted long. Partly due to wanting to desperately avoid humans and the location with which she had picked. But there was nothing else she could do about it in the end. Or rather that was what she firmly repeated to herself every time there was the slightest falter in her wall. Bella, as she preferred to be called, couldn't in good conscience keep herself in an area populated by humans. Not even when the thought of them sent venomous pain down her throat. Forgetting the taste of their blood could be better accomplished if one didn't dwell upon it at every second. Instead she would focus solely on animals and the nutrition they offered. Speaking of such lousy luck Bella felt herself stiffen, her red tinged eyes fading to black as a distinctive scent filled the air. "Son of bitch," A snarl slipped from her throat, partially distorted by the groan mingling there. The ever-present flames licking through her body distinctly reminded Bella of the day she had changed. Even if the memory was faded she could quickly recall the pain. It was not something that could be forgotten. Ask any vampire and most would respond that it was indeed the most memorable moment of their pathetic human lives. Not surprising Bella realized that her feet had carried her along the scent. Already she was stepping down on a rocky outcropping, away from the soft grass where the wolf had perished. Swearing the she vampire dropped to a crouch. Her eyes narrowed in concentration as a man's tall frame came into view. "Yes," a burning pain flared along her tongue as he stumbled along with pained expression upon his face. She shouldn't really be expecting more, not when the scent had told her so very much. From her vantage point Bella could not only smell the lingering scent of death but see the harsh wound across his neck. The blood was still fresh however, enough so that in another instant Bella was there. "What? Who are you?" He stumbled backwards, his hands moving upwards to protect his face. Strange to see them move so slowly. It seemed to take him several heartbeats to even be aware of the danger she possessed. Though most humans caught on quickly. A feeling of devastation was hard to push away at this moment, though Bella tried as her tiny feet moved her gracefully forward. He was already close to death. So close in fact that she could catch the stutter in his breath, the falter in his once strong heartbeat. Sadness crept over her in that short moment. "Don't be afraid." Her breath brushed against his lips moments before she bent to lick his neck. The blood exploded across her tongue and she reveled in the beauty as the man screamed. "I'm so very sorry." Looking back on the moment she changed left Bella rather bothered. It wasn't something she truly liked dwelling upon day after day. Yes, the beauty of being alive, to be breathing and living, brought forth a sort of acceptance. It didn't mean she wanted to be reminded of everything daily though. Every time she tasted the blood upon her tongue she couldn't hide. The screams of her victims brought forth a sort of disgust in her chest. The pain she could hear and see made her cringe. Yet, her body still drew upon the wound. Weakly the man tried to place his hand upon her chest. Desperately wanting to put space between their flaring bodies. Bella groaned, a strange gurgling noise, as the blood dribbled from her mouth. A sort of soft noise escaped the man before her and she watched in horrified fascination as the color in his eyes faded. Soon enough he was limp and quiet in her arms. "I'm sorry." A sob tore from her bloodied mouth as the corpse fell from her lax hands. She had once wanted to be a vampire so very badly. This wasn't how she had envisioned it all. Nor how she had wanted to come about the experience in any way. He was supposed to do it. Edward. Cringing Bella moved away from the wreckage she had created. She had known that it was going to be the most painful experience she would go through but her emotional toll helped not one bit. Yet she had still wanted it. With every fiber of her being. She had wanted so very badly to be a vampire…with him. Now that not only him but his entire family had left, abandoned her, she had stated doubting herself. Instead the universe had other plans. For Bella changed alone. The pain was devastating…. agonizing as she gasped and panted. No matter what she tried Bella simply couldn't draw air into her drowning lungs. Fearfully she tried to move as the licking flame raged throughout her fading body. No relief…nothing. Panicked she prayed, begged, and sobbed as blood spilled from her throat. Any movement, even the tiniest fraction of an inch, and she was in absolute terrifying torment. A thousand needles, hot poker like flames slashing into her skin. "I can't." A cry of sorrow escaped her contorted mouth, her fingers digging into the skin around her wound. Slowly her finger dipped into the gaping wound. Tearing the skin as she tried to fill her lungs with air. "H-help….h-h-help m-me." Each word grated against her throat, moving like molten liquid as her eyelids flickered. "Edward." His name could cause no emotional pain anymore, nothing compared to this horrid experience she had so fiercely craved. It was here, now, present and dominant. While Edward...he was not. It was on the cusp of this thought that her torment escalated to full blown torture. A scream tore from her throat, her body contorting as desperate hands clawed. More tainted blood sprayed across the once green grass. A cry tearing forth as her back arched, eyes rolling back. What seemed like hours finally passed and she collapsed in a panting heap. Watching as more blood thickened the earth around her. Would she die here? Was she losing too much blood to even shift into one of those horrid creatures? So much pain, overwhelming, it was darkening her thought process. Bella couldn't think anymore. Another scream tore at her throat but surprisingly she was able to hold everything back. Sharp teeth bit down onto her ravaged lip, tearing it open further. Surprisingly the taste of her own blood brought more pain echoing down her throat. She had to stay silent, very silent. She couldn't let those damn creatures find her. Even if she was already on her way to deaths door. An instinctual need to protect herself was flaring. Despite the fact that death seemed ideal with its alluring darkness. To feel that sweet bliss death gave to a person. No fear of the unknown...after all what could be more terrifying than this? -About 20 minutes earlier- With a gasp, Bella's entire body froze as she watched the scene unfold in ever growing horror. Desperately she tried to jerk away at the sound of Edward's roar reverberating through her skull. She couldn't fight his name as it burst through those walls. Bursting forth to become a sweet litany within her head. Edward, Edward, Edward. What was the point anymore? There was simply no use in keeping the pain that his name caused away. If she was going to perish, which she undoubtedly would, then it shouldn't matter if she wanted to cherish the thought of him now. Here before she took her last breath. Oh Edward I love you. In that next instant, he sprung, so quickly, so very rapidly that she didn't even see it coming. Bella knew though. Oh, god she knew as his hard body collided with her own. His sharp teeth dipping painfully into her tender flesh. With a quick tear, Bella felt her knees buckle beneath her. Her body crumpling as a scream of agonized pain and fear tore from her gutted throat, blood gushing out rapidly. Staining the grassy, seeping into earth weeping earth. His snarl was hungry as his hands groped along her aching back, his position moving so quickly that his teeth created a jagged cut across her throat. In that next instant he was sat straddling her, crushing her soft body as blood seeped into his mouth. "Edward!" the scream tore unbidden from her mouth. She could no longer fight as death cooed in her ears. The fire like pain ripping through her body left her breathless, so much so that Bella found herself unable to struggle. She couldn't even struggle, though it would worthless nonetheless. A cry left her lips as Laurent leaned down to begin drinking again and despite the pain she felt a sudden release of sweet bliss. No more remembering how empty her life had become without Edward. No more pain. Perhaps she hadn't really broken her promise to Edward after all. This death was in fact not her own doing. Instead it was all Laurent. Simply Laurent. Fading she watched as he paused to inhale the sickly-sweet stench of her blood. His eyes were glowing as she gazed up at him, an almost lover like smile flitting across his lips. Gently he leaned forward to press his lips against her own. Giving her a taste of her own blood. A hungry snarl had him curling his lip then. Jolting her with a vivid reminder of the role he was playing in her death. Bella whimpered then as the blood dribbled upon her face. Mixing with tear stained dirt streaking there. Grinning Laurent leaned closer, his tongue flickering out to lick the blood wetting her throat. "Sweet Bella." He crooned, giving her a feathery kiss. "Where is your Edward now?" An involuntary cry of emotional pain slipped from her mouth. He had abandoned her. Leaving her to the fact he had so desperately wanted her to avoid. Laurent froze, a swear so low slipping from his bared teeth that she missed it. With a quick gesture he was standing once more. His eyes wide in sudden shock. Terrified he took a less than graceful step backwards. Then another. It was hard for Bella to concentrate with the hazing pain. Yet somehow she managed to turn her head enough to look at what was essentially scaring him. What the fuck. Startled she whimpered, her hazy eyes desperately trying to make sense of what she was seeing. It was a bear…or rather not a bear. The creature was huge,