Title: Broken Vow Author: amber Beta: Oli Fandom: Tolkien Rating: G Characters: Celebrían, Elrond, Galadriel, Celeborn. Disclaimer: All characters are Tolkien's; I am just borrowing them. Summary: A broken vow has dire consequences. Erestor laughed as he saw Elrond rise from his desk with a dreamy look on his face. He had been happy when his lord had married a decade ago even if he was unsure of his lord's choice. Elrond had been alone for far too long. Now he watched as Elrond could not keep his mind on his work and drifted towards the door. Erestor smiled to himself as he remembered what being a newlywed had been like and told Elrond to go. He had known he would be doing most of the work for a while and did not begrudge his lord the time. Elrond came out of his dreamy haze with an embarrassed smile and thanked his chief advisor. He had been married for ten years now and still could not keep his mind on his work. He was glad that his advisors were so understanding. He decided to head to the kitchens and arrange a picnic lunch for two. His wife had told him she would be rearranging furniture and clothing in their quarters today and could probably use some time outdoors. His plans for a pleasant afternoon fled when he walked into his quarters. "Celebrían," he asked in confusion as he saw half packed trunks lying on the floor. "What are you doing?" "Oh Elrond good, your being here saves me a trip to your office," she responded as she added more clothes to one of the trunks. "I am packing for a trip home." "A trip home?" he asked in return. "Celebrían, I thought I told you that I could not travel for several decades because I am still trying to finish smoothing over the transition of power from Lindon." "You did tell me, so I am going myself," she answered as if that was normal. "I have been feeling rather homesick and miss my friends so I am going home for a visit." "But this is your home now," was all Elrond could say as he watched her continue to pack. "Elrond you must understand," she began. "As much as I like it here, Lothlorien will always be my home. Only there will I truly feel at peace and connected to the land. Maybe in time I will develop feelings for Imladris as it is very beautiful, but it is still too different." Elrond just stood there not knowing what to say as he watched her pack. Finally he found his voice again. "You promised, you vowed, never to leave," he said quietly. "Elrond you misunderstand," she said in exasperation. "This doesn't mean I don't love you, or that I am leaving you. It only means that I will have to make frequent trips home to find my peace and equilibrium." "You never had any intention of keeping the promise you made to me," he said as realization dawned on him. "Oh, grow up," she told him sternly. "You are acting like a lost kid again. I am not leaving you; I am only going home for a visit. I would appreciate it if you would arrange for a suitable escort while I double check that I have not forgotten anything. I wish to leave within a couple of hours." He watched her for a few more moments before leaving and returning to his office. Erestor was surprised by his return and noticed the shocked look on his face. Moving to pour Elrond a glass of wine, he sat him down and asked what was wrong. "Celebrían just informed me that she is leaving for a trip home because she is homesick and misses her friends," Elrond answered. He looked at his advisor with anguished eyes. "Could you please arrange for an escort?" "What of her vow Elrond?" he asked for he had been present when she promised to never leave him. "She doesn't see this as breaking it, and I was upset enough that I called her on it," he answered. "She told me she doesn't see Imladris as her home." "That should not matter," Erestor continued in anger for the pain his friend was in. "She has sworn an oath invoking the Valar and Ilúvator. Does she take her oaths so lightly then?" Elrond could only shrug his shoulders in response. He could not answer Erestor's questions when he wondered the same thing. Why would she pick now to go? They had only been married a short time. Had he done something to offend her? Erestor saw the condition his friend was in and knew that there would be trouble ahead. Leaving Elrond alone for a few minutes, he went to the office beside his and arranged for a suitable escort to leave in three hours. They were lucky that a group of messengers had been scheduled to travel that direction anyway. They could just increase their numbers. Returning to he and Elrond's office, he knew he had to pull his Lord together long enough to make a proper appearance for his wife's departure. Then he could deal with the damage and hurt her leaving was causing. Three weeks later in Lothlorien: Galadriel was humming to herself as she entered Celeborn's study to bring him a mid-morning snack. Seeing the happy mood she was in made the Lord smile as he accepted her kiss. "What has put you into such a good mood this early?" he asked smiling. His wife was not generally congenial in the mornings as she used that time to complete the more unpleasant tasks she had to do. "Word has just arrived from the borders," she informed him. "Celebrían shall arrive around lunchtime. My little girl is home." "She must be rubbing off on Elrond," Celeborn mused. "It is unlike him to not send word ahead when he is coming for a visit." "The message said only Celebrían travels with the escort," Galadriel replied as the situation dawned on her. "I hope nothing is wrong." Celeborn went instantly still as a sense of foreboding swept through him. Looking in his wife's eyes, he saw that she had picked up on what he felt. Rising, he went to the balcony and stood with his head hung low. "What have you not told me Celeborn?" came his wife's demand. "Why do I sense fear in you?" "The night before the wedding, after you and Cirdan had left the Hall to ensure that everything was ready, Celebrían made a public vow before the Valar and Ilúvator to never leave Elrond's side," he explained. "Elrond and I both felt chills when she swore the oath. He even came to me later and told me he was going to return the ring and break the engagement in the morning. He was scared that she could not keep that vow and did not want to see her hurt. He feared for her but I talked him out of breaking the engagement." "Tell me you jest Celeborn," Galadriel said as the seriousness of the situation dawned on her. "Tell me my daughter has not just incurred the wrath of the Lords of the West for breaking her vow. Why did you not tell me any of this before?" "She assured us that she would do everything in her power to keep her vow," he answered. "She convinced Elrond that her word was true and that he would never be alone again. I wanted to believe in her." "I would have found a way to stop the marriage if I had known," she told him. "What have you seen?" Celeborn asked in quiet dread as he realized she had seen something in the mirror. "I saw two paths," she began. "One was of Celebrían leaving Elrond for a trip here and being attacked. The other was of her never leaving the valley again once she married Elrond. Both paths will bring us pain of some sort." "We should not have let them marry," he replied. "We could not have stopped it I fear," she answered. "They are truly in love and would have found a way. If only she had not made the oath." "We will cherish the time we have and hope for mercy for our child," Celeborn said sadly as he prayed to the Lords he was so unsure of. Celeborn and Galadriel welcomed their daughter who stayed for several years and never said a word about her decision to come visit. When she returned home they provided her with a huge escort. This pattern continued for many years although she did not travel without Elrond until all three of her children had reached their 150th year once pregnant. Some of the time she brought her husband and children along with her, but most times she traveled with just an escort. When Arwen was but several years old, the Valar sent Elrond a protector who was to stay by his side other than when completing one specially chosen task. Celeborn and Galadriel's fear grew after this for they knew that their own child had been judged and found wanting. Only in the privacy of his in-laws or lead advisor's company did Elrond let the fear and sorrow show in his eyes. Never did he confront his wife with the truth of her actions as he wanted her to be happy. The others tried to comfort him privately but it was to little avail. His protector said little of the situation but never left his side when asked to do something else. He only explained that he had taken a vow to not leave his side until the time came. Then one day when Celebrían traveled through the Redhorn Pass on another of her trips, she was attacked by orcs. Her sons' rescued her with the help of a contingent of Galadrim and returned her to Imladris, where her husband tried to heal her. The time of reckoning had come. "How is she doing today?" Celeborn asked as he entered Elrond's family room. "She had nightmares again last night but not as bad as before," Elrond answered as he pointed to the table where breakfast was placed. He waited until Celeborn had fixed himself a plate before continuing. "Most of the physical reminders of her attack have already gone; it is just the mental side effects we are dealing with now." "Is she well enough to go outside?" Galadriel asked as she sat beside her husband. "Yes, she is. It is time to start reintroducing her to life again," Elrond said. "How are my sons?" "They still simmer inside and the anger is building," came Galadriel's careful reply. "The longer it takes Celebrían to heal, the more the anger builds. Glorfindel tries to keep them in the training compound working off the tension but it is never enough." "Arwen is much the same but reacts differently," Elrond told them without any emotion in his voice. "She retreats into herself. At least she is useful as Celebrían would rather have Arwen treat her than me touch her. I just stand at a distance now and direct. She is becoming an accomplished healer and it gives her a sense of purpose." "Give Celebrían time Elrond," Galadriel pleaded gently when she heard the defeat in his voice. She loved him like a son and did not like what she sensed inside of him. "She no longer tolerates my touch and rarely my presence," he answered as he turned away. His wife was slipping away from him and there appeared nothing he could do about it. He missed the look that passed through his in-laws eyes. They resolved to have Glorfindel spend a little time helping Elrond deal with his emotions. It was not just the twins who needed to deal with their anger. As the year progressed and Celebrían continued to heal, all began to