Disclaimer: I don't own these characters. They all belong to Stephanie Meyer. Hey readers! After I read Life and Death, I fell in love with Beau. Beau seemed to me, a stronger character that could stand up for himself, but more adorable in his awkwardness. The more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea of Edward actually being gay. It made sense to me. So obviously, I imagined them together and liked the idea so much I wrote this. So this story is my retelling of Twilight/Life and Death. Enjoy! - Rosalie I wasn't expecting much of a love life when I decided to move to Forks, Washington. Not that I had one to begin with. But I figured my chances of finding the right guy were better in a big city. The differences between Phoenix and Forks are laughable, if it were funny. Polar opposites. My old high school held the same size of the entire population of Forks. Not to say anything about the good people of Forks, but small rural towns don't have the reputation for supporting the LGBT community. I doubt anyone has ever seen a gay person, closeted or not, in Forks. Well, not counting me. I only came out to my mom three years ago. I was just entering my last year in middle school. I had mulled it over for years at that point and finally decided it was time to state myself. I wasn't nervous telling my mom. In fact, she was. . . too supportive. "Beau! I'm so happy you told me. I mean, I knew obviously." Mom lightly punched my arm. "You knew?" I laughed, feeling relief. I was in the middle of an insane growth spurt. My head the year before barely came to my mom's shoulders, I would grow another foot and a half in two years. "Well, yeah. You're an open book, kid." Her blue eyes, like mine, crinkled with her grin. It was like I had brought her an early Christmas present. I could see it in her head already, telling her friends proudly that her son was gay and preemptively swearing off any type of negativity. Mom, god love her, always liked to stir the pot and be self righteous about it too. "So when do I get to meet him?" She edged. "Meet who?" "Your guy! Who is he?" "Oh, mom. No. I don't have a guy." I ruffled my hair. All the boys in my class were still dealing with the affects of puberty. I included myself in that category. "I haven't, well, I haven't met anyone." My face must have betrayed my crestfallen emotions. Mom wrapped her arms around me. "It's okay, really. I don't mind. I'm kind of a lone wolf anyway. I just. I just wanted to let you know." "Well," Mom patted my head. "Whoever you fall for, he'll be wonderful." I couldn't have possible imagined how right she was. "Thank you for telling me." It could be worse. It could be dad. I was never that close to Charlie. There wasn't much to talk about. We didn't really have anything in common. Mom didn't either, only she didn't realize that until 5 years into their marriage. They split up when I was 4. I had seen Charlie every summer, though. The distance she put between us only allowed for once a year first I would come up to Forks to visit. I remember spending time at the tide pools on the cold rocky beaches. I remember playing with some family friends. I would ogle the twins, Aaron and Eric Black, who were just a little older than I was as they dove into the water and wrestle. That's when I knew I was gay, actually. I was watching them the way their little sister was watching me. Once I turned 12, I put my foot down and instead of going up to Forks, Charlie and I spent two weeks in California together. When I came out to mom, we talked about how to break the news to Charlie and we decided that perhaps it would be best to wait until necessary for Charlie. He wasn't exactly open minded like we were. He liked the status quo too much. (Another reason mom left). When mom got remarried last September, however, and I decided to stay with Charlie, and the term "necessary" began gnawing at me. Mom and I discussed it again while we packed up boxes from our home in Phoenix. "Just tell him." She thinks I should tell him upfront. I should have told him a long time ago. But, it just never seemed that big of a deal to me. My sexuality didn't really impact my life. I didn't feel the obligation to clue others in on such a deeply personal, controversial, and miniscule part of me. It was like, "what's my favorite color" only some people think that my answer should be red and they don't want me to like blue. So, why bother opening that up to people that didn't matter? But my dad mattered. Charlie met me at the gate. He wore his uniform, shiny badge and all. "Hey, dad." I kept reminding myself not to call him "Charlie" to his face. "How was your flight?" He reached his hand out for a handshake, while I came around for a hug. We both tried to switch tactics halfway through and ended up greeting each other with a fist bump. "Fine." "Your hair is longer." "Oh, I got it cut since I saw you." I readjusted my back pack. Was it always this awkward? Did I make a mistake in coming here? "Oh. I guess it grew out." He shifted uncomfortably. "Baggage claim is this way." We stood speechless for three minutes while the bags rotated around the conveyor belt. There was such a large gap of silence between us. I thought about what my mom said and I found myself just blurting it out. "Dad, I'm gay." "What?" Charlie's brows furrowed. I couldn't tell if it was because he didn't hear me right, or if he heard me clearly. "I'm gay." I said again, a little more confidently. But I said it a little too loudly. There was a group of beefed up guys standing to the right of us that guffawed at me and started cracking jokes at my expense. They were a rough looking group, with menacing tattoos on their exposed arms. Chains hung off their pants like it was 2001. I remember thinking how out of date they appeared. Then again, I had an eye for fashion. Their jokes were immature and nasty, but they glanced at my dad, the cop, and shut up. I was still waiting for a response from my dad. "Oh." Charlie breathed. "Huh." He shifted his weight again. "Well, alright." I saw my duffel bag round the corner. "That's mine." I pointed. "Are you sure?" Dad asked. "Yeah, my bag has the Panic! At the Disco patch on it." "No, I mean, are you sure about. . . about. . ." "Oh." He wasn't asking about my bag. This was harder for me than I thought it would be. I grabbed my luggage when it passed by and swung it over my shoulder. "Yeah, dad. I'm positive." I breathed. We were silent all the way back to the car. "Look, it's not a big deal. I'm not a crazy gay maniac. I've never dated around. I just want to get through high school. I'm. . . I'm still me, you know. Just, I don't like girls. That's all." Charlie turned to face me. "Okay. I said alright. It's alright." "So. . . you're fine with it?" "You're my son. I love you. I'm glad you're here." He hugged me and I hugged him back. I knew he wasn't completely comfortable with it. But neither was I exactly comfortable talking about my sexual interests with my dad. This was good. This was manageable. We weren't gonna talk about it anymore and that was fine by me. He knew. He accepted me. That's all I wanted. "Are you hungry?" I grinned. "Starving." I didn't realize how often Charlie ate out. That explains his dad gut. I took over kitchen detail. Cooking was always my forte. Not sports or theatre; I couldn't sing worth a damn, but I could move around a kitchen. It took some time, but Charlie eventually trusted my dinners and looked forward to them every night. Flash forward to first day at Forks High School, home of the spartans. I'm not a psychic, but I saw it all coming. The attention, the whispers. I was the new kid on the block and everyone wanted a look. Mikayla took me to my first class. She was sweet, with wavy blonde hair that came down to her shoulders. Both her and her brother Mike, reminded me of puppy dogs, for some reason. She was obviously enjoying the limelight of showing the new kid around. I met a lot of people. Their names swirled around in my head. Another girl, I think her name was Jessica, sat with me Trig. I found myself with a large group of kids in my grade at lunch. "You must be Beaufort." A hand jutted out from the crowd. I sighed, "Beau. Beaufort was my grandfather. I'm just Beau." "Okay, 'just Beau.' I'm Jeremy." He laughed at his own joke. His sister Jessica scowled. Ugh. Dad jokes are not just for dads anymore. If there was anything I found cute about Jeremy, he quickly squashed it out himself. Was this it? I felt like I was sitting with my whole grade crowded around the table, vying for my attention. Instinctually, I wanted to leave it. I wasn't a "crowds" type of person. I looked around the lunch room once we sat down. Hoping to find a group that wasn't interested in the new kid. I saw them then. At a table across the room in the corner, sat five impossible students. Pale. Stunning. Perfect. Each one of them were incredibly attractive in their own way, but they all looked similar. My heart nearly skipped a beat. I felt my mouth make a small 'o' shape. Jessica, who was annoyingly observant of me, followed my gaze. "Those are the Cullens and Hales." She giggled. "Who?" I responded while I still kept my eyes on the five students, greedily. There were two females, opposites of one another. The tall one, was blonde with perfect waves leaning down to her chest. She looked like an actress. People didn't just look like that in regular life. The smaller girl, her hair was short, in a spikey pixie cut and black as a raven. She got up from the table and threw her untouched food into the trash can. Was there a dance company in town, because no one just moved so rhythmically and hypnotically on their own, like a ballerina. The boy sitting beside her. . . no the man. He surely was too old to be a student looked pained. He had dusty blonde hair in a clean cut. His eyes were dark as he stared at nothing. For some reason, he reminded me of this action movie I saw a few weeks ago. The guy who played the main character who single handily mowed down hundreds of bad guys with a chainsaw wasn't believable. He was too charming, too Hollywood. If the character had been played by this guy, I would never have any doubts while watching the film. The biggest one, his hair twisted in black curls looked too old to be here too. He was obviously the star athlete. He was the type of guy that had dibs on any weight machine. His muscles were clearly defined despite the layers of clothes on top. I rolled my eyes, but they got caught on the third male. The third god.