Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer owns these characters. (If you don't know, "Beau" is Stephanie's canon male version of Bella in "Life and Death".) Yes this is slash. I couldn't get this meet-cute out of my head so I just had to write it out. It's been a sort of personal fantasy. Please enjoy. Spotlight I blew it. I completely bombed. My still shaking hands turned on the cold water. Pressing the cool water to my face, I moaned exasperatedly into my hands. My antagonized grunts reverberated around the public restroom until they were interrupted by the flush of a toilet. I froze and the blood drained out of my flushing cheeks. I instantly felt woozy from the emotional upheaval but I managed to go rigid into place. I thought I was alone. A man in a business suit stepped out awkwardly and tried his best to ignore my frozen body at the sink. He flicked his hands under the water, not bothering with the soap that was in front of me. I was too nervous to read the name on his badge, and kept my eyes glued in front of me, peering out behind my fingers. However, I just read the NBC logo and that was enough to tip me off that he worked for the network. I kept my face covered while he reached over and grabbed the hand towels on my left. The door slammed behind him. The gong of the door, a sign that I was once more, to my knowledge, alone. I moaned again and let self hatred flood my system and surround myself again. After I let it all out and made sure that my complexion was somewhat presentable again I stepped outside into the crowded streets of NYC. My phone rang again for the ninth time. I didn't have to read it to know that it was my agent. Probably to chastise me, no doubt. Or worse, I gulped, it could be my publisher telling me they were dropping me. I sighed, deciding I couldn't hold back the flood gates and answered. "What's the damage?" I asked while leaning against the black speckled building of 30 Rockefeller plaza. "What." Alice breathed. "The." She paused. "Hell." I combed my hair up from the back of my neck. Alice, my literary agent, my rock, my friend, and also my nightmare wrapped up into one frightening package had pulled every favor she had stored up to land me this TV spot on the Today Show. When I found Alice, I had been stalking a few agents on their instagrams and twitters, trying to get a feel for their personalities, and which one I could see myself working with in the long run. I knew if I sent my manuscript out to a hundred agents, eventually I would get a yes, but I didn't want one yes. I had to think about the future and if the agent that went out on a limb on me didn't like my other projects, then I had wasted my time. I didn't want to get into business with someone I couldn't see eye to eye with. But through all my extensive research, Alice fell into my lap so to speak. She had fired my ex, Mike as one of her clients. Mike, god bless, did not have an original idea in his bone and after repeatedly telling him to rework the beginning of his work in progress and telling him he needed to amp up the climax, she told him to look for a new agent. Funnily enough, I had told him the same thing when we broke up. He was pretty lousy in bed and not even good at making coffee in the morning. I think I might have been his first. He never admitted that, but he definitely didn't seem to know what he was doing with another man. It had been over a year since Mike and I dated. It was a mistake from the start and I thank the stars that it only lasted a few weeks. Most of that time was spent with me questioning how on earth I had ended up there and whether or not I could just leave. We met at a mixer put on by our publishers at the time for the debut authors to meet and invited some more established authors they had to varying degrees of notoriety. I hated these things, but my contract said I had to attend at least one a year. I intended to sit in a corner and wave at people and drink until an appropriate time for me to hail a cab and stumble back to my hotel. Mike ended up stumbling with me that night. He was boring. And it didn't take me long to figure out that we just were not a good fit. In any realm, we just didn't click. We were two bottoms and it wasn't working. Though Mike didn't even seem to notice. The last straw was when he insisted I read his rough draft. It was. . . to put it tamely: shit. He wanted me to prove his agent wrong. He wanted me to say that her criticisms were just biased bullshit. I read over the email Alice had sent him and laughed at her wit. There were ways she insulted him that had gone over his head. I agreed with every single point. I knew then and there that I had to have Alice as my agent. So I shook Mike off as a lover, and took Alice on as my agent. Over the year, she'd turn into more than just my agent. We'd become friends. It was nice to have someone to talk to that understood my frustrations, but I didn't feel like I had to compete with her. I hadn't had any deep conversations with her. I don't know her middle name or where she grew up. But I knew I could count on her if I needed help. I hoped she felt the same about me, though right now, I knew I had let her down. "I told you." I sighed. "I told you, I don't do cameras." "Oh, so it's my fault that you spilled water on Matt Lauer's trousers and knocked a light stand down into frame and it exploded on the carpet and set fire to the coffee table. That's my fault?" "There were so many cords. You can't see them, but there are so many cords. It's so easy to just trip and-" I tried to defend myself. "Beaufort Swan." Alice used my real name and I winced. I wrote under the pseudonym Bear Swanson, under my mother's direction who said I would never sell books to a younger audience with a name like Beaufort. She told me once again that it was my father's idea to name me Beaufort, which then started her looping monologue of reasons why my father was shit. My father, had a similar story as to why my mother wanted to name me Beaufort. To be honest, I liked my name despite the obvious tension it gave my parents even now after 27 years after naming me. My friends just called me Beau. But my mom had always called me her "little bear" growing up. And because I was writing action/thriller/mystery I decided to have a name that reflected that genre. I figured it would be beneficial for me in the long run. I always had my eyes on the long run. Bear became my alias in the attempt that it would attract a reader just on that alone. Though, thinking about it now, "Bear Swanson" was just as a ridiculous name as my own. However, it worked to a degree. My first book got picked up a publisher even without an agent. It sold and was well received for a debut author. The new york times called me "Daring" and "Vulnerable." But then I got screwed over as far as the contract deals go. I got very little payout with my publisher, which I'll let go unnamed. I didn't think I would actually make money on writing, so I didn't invest the time necessary to make sure that I wasn't setting myself up to be played. That was my mistake. I went in without having someone who knew the legalize of corporate publishers. Alice was a godsend. She was my warrior in the face of pencil pushing brown nosers. However, now, her mighty sword was pointing towards me. "You were sitting in a fucking chair. You just had to sit and smile and say some cute self deprecating thing like you always do and tell people to buy your book. How?" I could hear Alice's blood vessel in her temple swell. "How are you supposed to be Bear Swanson? The light of the modern written word, Bear fucking Swanson, when you can't even string a few sentences together in an interview, let alone leave the set without setting the place on fire?" "You don't think I know that?" I nearly yelled into the phone. "You don't think I understand what this does for my image?" "Your image? What does this look like for me ?" Alice whinned. "No publisher is going to want you to do interviews. . . ever. Ever. Ever. Ever. And do you know what that means?" "That I can stay in my house and never come out?" I said hopefully. "It means that I got a black listed author who can't show his face to the public, can't do tours, can't even talk to children, can't sell his book. And do you know what that means?" "Alice." I gulped. "Are you dropping me?" My worst fear gripped me, worse than the humiliation I just suffered through in front of a live tv audience all across america. "It means, that you better sell a damn good book." Alice grimaced. "Which, I know you've written. So now it's my job to make sure people know about it, because you are obviously too clumsy to take anywhere. Which means, I'm going to have a lot more sleepless nights. Are you still in the city?" "I'm still at rockefeller." "Perfect. My plane will be at JFK in about three hours. Chill out. Go back to your hotel, find a coffee shop. Don't think about The Today Show. And we'll talk in person about our game plan." Like me, Alice was always thinking about the future and trying to predict next moves. She didn't focus on the present but was always calculating tomorrow. I stepped outside of the shadow of the building and the brisk autumn air and the warm rays of the sun calmed me down some. Like the universe was trying to give me a space to take a breath. Then the sun was overshadowed and cold again. I popped my eyes open to see a double decker tourist bus. My face was three feet away from a larger than life promotional advertisement for a movie that had come out three weeks ago. "The Devil You Know." It was a melodrama with a star studded cast. Already the movie was getting Oscar buzz. I'd seen it. To be honest, I didn't think much of it. It seemed to be in love with itself too much to really peirce the veil of the relatable. The male lead was currently staring right at me from the advertisement. Green eyes staring up from a brooding expression. Waves of long blond hair pulled up into a ponytail. Elliott Cullen. I rolled my eyes. Of course, like the rest of the world I had a crush on him in my teens. I knew more about him than the girls in my class who talked obsessively about him. But, like all things, I grew up. I got older. My interests changed. I realized that actors were just people and they shouldn't be idolized. I learned quickly that movie stars were