Hello, everyone. This is a Sci-Fi that was actually loosely based off of a dream i had once like last year and this came pouring out of me. It's been locked up in my folder for 2 months and i intended to make this a one-shot but it's soo loonggg. Anyway enjoyy. (I don't own the characters or some names mentioned) Piper twisted her engagement ring in anxiety. It had been exactly four hours since the podship took the whole of Squad 107 to Atlas to conduct the one mission that would work to their advantage. At least, that was what they expected, with all the failed ones in the past. If this ended in failure too... She took a calming breath. No, it wouldn't. It was a simple task of faltering the ship's motors and messing the wiring. They even had the most talented mechanic in all of Olympus part of the team. It wouldn't end in failure. It couldn't. Then why hadn't they returned yet? She shook her head. It's a large ship, she reasoned. It had many circuits and lots of wiring. And working discreetly would require a steady and slow pace in order not to be caught. Or perhaps they already were... "Lieutenant Mclean," She snapped her head up and shot to her feet at the sight of Chiron, the ship admiral, her hand shooting to her forehead in a salute. He gave her a nod and she relaxed, her face expectant. Was there news he was to tell her? Was there any news they received from Squad 107? She forcibly shoved all negative possibilities as she watched him. He gave her an apologetic smile. "We haven't recovered anything from Squad 107, but there haven't been any iris signals so we assume it's going smoothly." She nodded, disappointed. "What I am here to tell you," Chiron continued. "Is to man your sector and prep it for battle." She paused and stifled the instant fear that grappled her heart. No, she told herself, whatever battle he's talking about can't be related to Squad 107. She let the confusion take over instead. Piper's brow furrowed. "But sir," she said. "What battle am I preparing it for?" "We have received signals from our satellites." He said. "And the ship seems to be inching closer. One of our satellites was destroyed either due to the proximity of it to the ship or an intentional attack. Either way, we need to be prepared." Piper nodded. "Yes, sir." She then frowned. "If you don't mind me asking, why is it you came here yourself to deliver the message?" He tossed something black to her and she managed to catch it in surprise. "Sir?" He gave her a ghost of a smile. "It's Captain Grace's." He said. "He asked specifically for me to give it you personally." He then promptly left, the door sliding shut with a mechanical click after him. "But…" She said after him. Why give this to me a whole four hours after he left? She stared after him in surprise before looking down at the device. It was small, fitting the size of her palm and made of metal. She turned it in her palm and examined the millions of miniscule holes that filled the entirety of it. Her hand roamed the device until her finger caught on a button. Slowly, she flipped it, the device instinctively inched away from her face. It buzzed, a crackling sound emanating from it, before a voice sounded. "Testing, testing." A throat cleared. "We've reached our first hour here. Leo's being an absolute dumbass." "You mean Leo is being the awesome hot mcshizzle he is?" Came a distant voice. "No, you must've heard me wrong." Jason replied. "I said dumbass, being that we've been here for an hour." "This is a big ship!" Leo exclaimed. "You try this, Grace." "I'm too busy keeping watch for your scrawny behind." "You're watching my scrawny behind?" Leo asked, his voice holding a tinge of mock-shyness. "I can talk to Piper about this. I'm sure she wouldn't mind you leaving her for me." "Unfortunately," A new voice came in. Annabeth. "I would. Now get back to work and Leo, is this a B5 or a C2?" "A6." He chuckled and Annabeth huffed, sounding frustrated. The clicks of tools then followed as both Leo and Annabeth resumed their work. A deep sigh followed from Jason. "Anyway," he continued. "I'll give you a run over what's happened so far." Piper chuckled. Classic Jason. Has to go straight to mission reports. "Percy, Frank and I are keeping watch here." He said. "Leo only trusts Annabeth and Nyssa to do the job right, so they're tackling the circuits. We've already shut down half of the North-East wing of the ship without anyone noticing." He hummed as he tried to recall more information. "Hazel has given us regular signals that she's okay out with Arion." He chuckled. "Smart of her, too, with Frank constantly doing his silent worrying. I mean, she's grown up flying that pod and has gone through many battles with it too. Any more worrying from Frank will just be downright insulting." He paused. "I'm still a little miffed that Chiron didn't allow you to attend this mission." He said. "With you here, avoiding the enemies would've been ten times easier." He sighed dramatically. "And I fear I am losing my sanity with these people! Where are you Pipes?" He whined. Piper grinned. And like that she spent an hour in her room listening to his hourly reports, her face starting to hurt with the smile that cracked it. A beep sounded from the device and she gasped. She pressed the button and waited for the sound to filter through. "This is the fifth hour and please, please tell me you're listening." Jason's voice was frantic. "We're in Arion on our way back but we have a bit of a tail on us." "A bit?" Percy shouted. "Okay, okay." Jason said. "We might've brought a fleet of podships as a welcoming present and—" A boom echoed through and Piper sat, horrified, as she listened to the screams that followed. "Leo, shoot!" Annabeth ordered. "Their weak spots are their engines. Hazel, take us through an Asteroid Field." Piper's feet had already begun moving as she listened. "What?" Hazel cried. "We'll lose our tail that way." Annabeth said. "No, but we need to go back to the ship." Jason shouted. "We need to—" "We can't go back to the ship with a tail." Piper dodged a few cadets, ramming her shoulder against the door of the hallway for it to open as she cradled the device in her hands. "They're going in that direction anyway and we need to warn them." "This message is a warning enough." Annabeth replied with a firm voice. "And Admiral Chiron isn't stupid. He'll find out himself." "And if he doesn't?" Frank asked, his voice painting out his anxiety. "He will." Annabeth ground out. The voice recorded ended. It didn't matter. Piper was already at the ship command room. Everyone looked to her as she entered and for once in her life, she didn't care about the attention. She strode to the announcement phone and, ignoring the protests of the person at the station, she grabbed it and put it in front of her mouth. "This is Lieutenant Piper Mclean," She said. "Podships from Atlas are headed this way after Arion, which will be going through the Asteroid Field to get here." She saw Reyna, a commander, cross her arms as she stared at Piper, a frown taking over her face. "I want the East Wing to be monitoring and ready with the doors for Arion to come back safely and the weapons' commanders to ready the missiles should the enemy podships breach our fifty metre radius barrier." She took a deep breath. "All sectors must be manned and prepped including my sector, Sector 10, and the satellite signals must be very carefully monitored." She paused. "That…is all." She finished lamely. She then lifted her head slowly to meet the eyes of her seniors as they watched her with blank faces and…wow, were there many people in the room. She cleared her throat awkwardly as she tried her best to be invisible. But the eyes were firmly glued onto her. They wouldn't stop staring. She met Admiral Chiron's eyes and quickly looked away, very mildly ashamed. The silence was broken by Reyna. "What are all you looking at?" She demanded. "You heard her. Get to work." Immediately, the tension was broken, and the room was instead broken by shuffling and the hustle of the room. Chiron approached her, a smile on his face. Piper's eyebrow furrowed, her eyes widening slightly. She saluted and gulped as he neared. He glanced at the device in her hand and winked. "Funny how it only gives useful information when you have it." He said. "And good job." He added, gesturing to the announcement phone. He must have kept it for four hours before giving it to her to monitor the updates, she realised. Piper nodded in thanks and gestured to the whole of the ship. "The ship needs you, sir. My sector needs me." He nodded and walked briskly away, shouting commands. Piper made her way out of the room, meeting Reyna's eyes and returning her nod before sprinting down the hallway, taking lefts and rights before she reached her sector. She slammed open the door and entered, meeting all of their stares and nodding to their salutes. "Okay," she said. "I want everyone to be prepped and ready. Get your gear on and meet me in the common room in five minutes." Mitchell, her second-in-command, threw Piper's gear to her and she swiped it, dashing to change. "They've done quite a good job." Rachel nodded in approval as they watched the feed they received from the satellite. The massive giant of a ship moved slowly, sparks flying from the right, where the motor was supposed to be running, half of the ship faltering, the windows flapping open and closed, messing with the gravity inside the Atlas, causing the ship to tip up and down as it practically tumbled through space. Piper grinned in reply, proud of her friends. She was in her uniform, a full suit with a high zipped up neck that flared to make a sort of collar. The suit was in full crimson, three dull gold stripes running across her back from shoulder to shoulder and two racing down with the zip which ended at her navel. The gold stripes displayed her sector leader position and her bronze cuff links were a reminder of her time with Half-Blood forces. Rachel, a ship advisor, cocked her head as she listened in through her earpiece. She snapped her head to Piper. "They've arrived." Were the only words Piper heard before she darted to the door, swinging it open and sprinting to the East Wing. They're here. They're here. They're here. They're here. She elbowed through the crowd that developed by the exit and stopped at the front, a grin splitting her face as she watched them dust their uniforms and slump against the wall in exhaustion and help each other out of Arion. They looked bruised and a little bloody but they were all there. They were all alive. An even giddier smile lit her face as a flaxen head popped out of the pod and a lithe, muscular form followed. He scanned the crowd as soon as he exited and returned her grin when he found her. It took a mere four steps (two for Jason) to reach one another and soon she was wrapped in a tight blanket of warmth, her own arms snaking around him and tightening on him too. It was a long yet brief embrace and they soon separated, him poking her cheek with his finger, a familiar gesture that Jason had never