Summary: Bella decides to move in with Charlie, when she realizes that her mom is missing her husband Phil. Once Bella moves and settles in with Charlie on the first night she begins to have weird dreams of the supernatural and a goddess, telling her the stories of the supernatural. Council meetings, vampires, werewolves, witches, warlocks, and many more… The goddess leaves Bella a gift the night before she starts school. "Yeah, a council meeting, things changed Bells. Forks, isn't the same anymore." It was a sunny morning in Phoenix, Arizona. It was also the morning where I would be leaving today. Moving in with Charlie has been the hardest decision, I had to ever make. It was only based off my mom's feelings towards being left here with me and having Phil, her husband, he travels a lot due to his position in the small league's baseball. I knew it hurt her, but I knew she wouldn't ever admit that to me. I made the noble and wise decision of moving in with Charlie, my father, who lives in Forks, Washington. The place where my mom, took me away from only at the early months of living, I was going there today. Me and my father Charlie aren't really into the whole ordeal of the father-daughter relationship. We don't really talk much and when we do its strained or uncomfortable, although me and Charlie are similar, physically and emotionally. Physically, we both have brown hair, brown eyes, skin that's snow white, and we're both pretty clumsy, not to mention we blush at almost anything. Emotionally though, we're very good at hiding our feelings from others. We're the complete opposite of Renee my mother and Charlie's ex-wife. Renee, she has red hair, hazel eyes, and was a scatter brain. She was eccentric, whereas I was boring, she was fun. She was always having new hobbies and stuff to do. That left me to grow up faster than normal. I had to pay the bills by the time I was thirteen, realizing that we could lose our house if my mom didn't remember to send the money to the Payment Center. She would work and do her hobbies, while I cleaned, cook, and made sure the money for the bills was paid on time. She met Phil Dwyer, when I was fourteen, he was ten years her junior. I didn't care. I was never one to judge. If she loved him, then where does my judgment lie? She fell in love with him pretty quickly. I would've thought she would get over him, like she does with all her dates and move to the next. But she would always remind me that Phil was different. Phil was some small league baseball player and was visiting in Arizona for a position at one of the other small league baseball here. He was twenty-eight and was a tall guy, he was young. My mom loved him and I knew he loved her too, you could tell by the way they would stare at each other. They got married last year, right after I turned sixteen. I realized that whenever Phil would leave to travel, she would become distant. Almost as if her other half that was fun and eccentric was with Phil, wherever he was. I would come home from school, and see her sitting by our bay window, looking out to the beach we lived on, and just sitting there with a solemn look. That's where I put my foot down, I didn't like when my mom was like this. So I came up with the decision of moving to Forks with my dad, for the rest of my high school years. My mom cried, she thought I was leaving her, that I didn't want to be around her anymore. I was quick to make her understand, that I just wanted to spend time with my dad. That night, I called Charlie and told him the news, Renee cried in the background. It broke my heart to see my mom in that state, to have her think that she won't be seeing Phil a lot but now she's losing her only daughter. She soon sobered up and once Phil came home two weeks ago from New York, she told him the news. They were happy that Renee would be able to travel with him, but were also saddened that I was leaving them. I was eager to remind my mom that she call, email, or text me anytime she wants. She obliged but that still didn't stop the tears. We went out to eat to have a memorable goodbye. We went to a steak house and ate the best steak. All gratitude was shown to Phil. That same night, we were all in the living room it was late when, Renee said she was heading up to bed, leaving me and Phil on the couch. Once Renee was fast asleep, Phil turned to me on the couch. "Bella… I'm going to miss you little munchkin," He said with unshed tears. I was taken back, I mean me and Phil we had quite a healthy relationship just like a normal Step-dad and step-daughter would, but to see him in tears over the fact that I'm leaving, finally set in. I turned to face him, "I'm going to miss you too Phil." I said also with unshed tears. We both cried, I had cried myself to sleep and Phil carried me to my room. A week later, I was packing up my belongings, getting ready to leave. I didn't have much stuff, so my mom and I thought it would be wise if we went out to get some clothes for the severe constant raining weather for Forks. We came back with a bunch of skinny jeans, long sleeves, sweaters, and some jackets. I was crestfallen, that I was leaving really leaving, leaving behind the hot scorching sun and the beautiful ocean waves down here in Arizona. I was leaving the same day that Renee and Phil were to head to Florida. I brought a small cactus with me as a memory of the desert like Arizona, I had grown to love. Soon I would be joining the clouds of the gloomy ever-present feel that Forks, would bring to me. I hated the wet and cold, I hated anything wet and cold. Yet I was moving to the wettest place in the US continent. I sighed as I brought the last luggage to the car and plopped in the trunk with the others. My mom stopped me before we went into the car we just had a sentimental moment, when we heard Phil's voice breaking it up. "Guys, I love you! But we gotta' plane to catch!" He said reminding us that we indeed were going to be late to our flights. We got in the car and rode away leaving behind my house in Arizona. I took one last long glance as we drove down the street heading out the neighborhood to the highway to the airport. I let a lose tear escape my right eye and quickly turned around wiping the tear away with my sleeve. My mom and I stood in front of the gates leading me to my airplane. She cradled my face with her hands, and looked at me with her shining hazel eyes. I studied her face, remembering her laugh-lines, her messy red locks, her small dimple on her right cheek, and her twinkling childlike hazel eyes. How could I leave my mother? The thoughts of realizing my mom won't be on her own anymore, she'll have Phil, to remind her to pay the bills, have gas in the car, and to fill the refrigerator. "Bella," she whispered, looking at me with the look of pleading for me to reconsider my decision of moving. But she knew it was too late, I had made up my mind to move, and she knows it hard to change my mind once I've made it up. I was stubborn like that. "You don't have to do this." Panic flashed in my eyes, at all the memories of me and my mother shared, scared to leave behind my loving, erratic, hair-brained mother. I closed my eyes for a brief moment and sighed, keeping the tears at bay. "Mom, I want to go," I lied. I'd always had a problem with lying, but I had said this lie frequently lately, that it sounded convincing, even to my ears. "Tell Charlie I said hi." "I will." I nodded promising her to do so. "I'll see you soon," she insisted kissing my cheek. "You can come home whenever you want. I'll be here waiting for you dear." She said about to burst into tears again, I hugged her trying to console her not to break down here in the middle of the airport. "Flight 160, will be departing soon." The voice over the intercom, interjected. I pulled away from my mom, "I have to go, I love you, mom." I stated looking at her with the love in my eyes. "I love you too." She croaked, clearing her throat she gave me one last hug and followed Phil to the other side of the airport, leading them to their flight. I sighed grabbing my carry on and my green parka in my hand, heading to the gate, giving the ticket over to the overzealous flight attendant. I just gave her a small smile in return as she told me where to go. I sat in my seat, and sighed after I put up my carry on under my chair. I sat back closing my eyes, wondering what Charlie would look like. Would he still have his seventies porn stache, would he be wearing his police uniform, would he have developed some gray hair over the years, since I last visited him? The questions formed in my head as the flight took off. It's a four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle, another hour in a small plane to Port Angeles, and then an hour drive in a suffocating car ride in the sheriff's car back down to Forks. The flying doesn't really get to me, although that hour in the car with Charlie, well let's just say it's going to be awkward. Charlie was waiting for me at the lobby of the airport. I grabbed my luggage and went up to him. We made awkward greetings. He gave me a one armed hug and picked my luggage up for me putting in the trunk of his car. We drove in silence as we pulled away from the airport down the highway to Forks. "You haven't changed much since I last saw you Bells, your hair grew longer." He noted. "So how's Renee?" "I haven't cut my hair since I last seen you , kinda' grew out. Renee's good. She says hi." I answered. After that conversation was cut down to a minimum. We talked about the weather and what we have missed over the years. Charlie looked pretty much the same, although I caught some gray hairs. His job was still his life, seeing how he still was in his uniform and picked me up in his sheriff police car. We arrived at the house an hour later, looking at the two story single family white cottage, it was slightly falling apart. I grabbed my luggage, and headed upstairs to my room, following Charlie as he set down the rest of my bags. The house hasn't changed, I thought he would've have taken down the ugly yellow paint off the walls. Renee thought it would be a great idea to paint the walls with a bright color to liven the house up a bit. Yet again another one of my mom's scattered brain ideas, it didn't turn out how she thought it would and now I was forced to live in a house with a haunting