A/N: Wow, this turned very angst-y. Possibly triggering. Over 10,000 words in two days! It's probably awful but I'm rather proud. Even though the prompt was Clarisse and Chris they were only mentioned once. Written for round five of the 'Capture the Flag' competition at Percy Jackson Fanfiction Challenges. Check it out. Piper scrambled down from her handmade fort on Camp Half-Blood hill. "We're under attack!" she screamed, unsheathing her dagger. But people continued to mill around her, gossiping about the latest fashion or new camper. No one paid attention to the old war torn Aphrodite camper. Emily Deilds, the new (and younger) Aphrodite cabin leader made her way over to Piper. Taking the twenty year-old by the arm, Emily tried to calm her down. "Look at me Piper, there's no attack." From kelidoscope eyes to another identical pair, Emily's burned holes into Piper's head. Piper was immune to Charmspeaking but with Emily she let her guard down. Maybe it was because she trusted Emily or because some little bit of Piper wanted to believe her. "C'mon, lets let you back to the Big House. I'll make you a cup of coco. Extra chocolete." Emily promised. Other campers behind Emily snickered. Poor Emily was on Crazy duty, they whispered and Piper tried to block them out. Emily pretended not to hear them. Instead she took Piper's hand and began to drag her, forcing her to walk tward the Big House. But Piper's mind flickered back on. Twisting her arm out of Emily's grip and backflipping out of her reach, Piper hit the ground turning and rinning. It was all done in one fluid movement, a tribute to Piper's old 'World Saving' days. Camp Halfblood hadn't had a single threat in years. They still learned battle skills for the wayward monster but overall there was no need to fight. Piper and the seven had made sure of that in ther teenage years. Emily stood watching Piper for another moment, pity evident, before she turned too, and rejoined her friends. Climbing up the hill was so much harder than running down. But Piper was strong; she was an acrobat. Leaping from one point to another, she made it up the hill within seconds. That was about two hundred yards that were just gone, poof. And so Piper retuned to her post. Two floors. On the bottom floor of Piper's watch tower was a mini unused kitchen and sittingroom. Both combined equeled the size of a small supply closet. Battle maps covered every surface. It was to say in the best way possible, a train wreck. Upstairs was a small bathroom, twin bed and a large window. Paneling the wall under the window was a mini armory. Bronze arrows, swords, explosive, and other supplies, lined the wall. On the roof was where Piper spent most of her time. A nymph would bring Piper a meal three times every day, because besides warning the camp or immennent defense breaches, Piper never left the tower. Piper was a hero. She was a role model. But Piper was paranoid. Perhaps if Piper, herself, were aware she would have sought help, but Piper wasn't aware, she was just doing her civic duty to the camp that had taken her in and nourished her. Piper had bloomed at Camp Half-Blood. She had made lifetime friends but she also had to be careful. There was the very real possibility that Piper would also wilt at Camp Half-Blood. There was a memory seared into Piper's mind that she couldn't shake. It replayed over and over and she couldn't stand it. A new recruit was brash. He didn't know who she was but when he saw he running down like Paul Revere, he laughed. He said four simple words that Piper knew weren't true. "The War is over." The War wasn't over. Piper had experienced the calm before the storm. There was always peace before the war. The war was not over. The war, in all honesty, was never over. All they, mere mortals, could do, was prepare. The gods above, too, were swept by the tide of war, no one was safe. The boy just didn't understand that. Piper tried to make him understand. She really did but he kept laughing and Piper kept remembering. It was that lax mentality that had urged her to set up camp atop the hill. Once upon a time, someone might have checked her into a mortal asylum but that wasn't what Camp Half-Blood did. There was peace and Camp Juipiter and Camp Half-Blood were on (politically) good terms. Sure, treachery simmered under the surface but so far, there was peace. Despite that so said 'peace' there were still the unsaid competition. During the monthy meets, each side would tell their accomplishments. How many quests completed, new campers or really anything. The one thing that Camp Half-Blood had perpetually over Camp Jupiter was the majority of the seven. That was the glory that Camp Half-Blood held in the hearts. The one way they would always beat Camp Jupiter. It simply wouldn't do to say that the fourth member of the seven was insane. Not to say that Piper was insane. She really wasn't. She was just prepared. One day a blond head appeared and Piper was immediately struck with the thought of putting an arrow through his brain. He could have been an intruder. He could have been a trator. But he wasn't. The man walking up the hill was Jason Grace. She begrudgingly let him join her on the roof because even though she despised his guts she needed another fighter dedeicated to the cause. The cause being the protection of the lackadaisical camp. She needed someone else who understood that there was no peace. So they sat, Piper with her paranoia and Jason with his never-ending demons. Jason stayed for the night, and the next night, and the next. He watched with her from this hill, in silence. He didn't try to talk to her or even to touch her. He didn't even sleep on the same level with her. While she retreated to her bed on the second floor, still watching from the large window as she fell asleep, he watched from above on the roof. One day, she walked up onto the roof at night. She pulled her hair back in a braid like how she used to, and sat next to him, watching. They were a foot apart. The stars shining above them, they kept vigil of the sleeping campers who would never thank them. Piper eventally spent every night on the roof and they took shifts watching. Sometimes their hands would brush each other's but Piper pretended not to notice. She pretended not to feel a spark. She kept watch with Jason, she couldn't love him. Piper didn't want to love Jason Grace. Somehow, loving Jason Grace always hurt, leaving a bitter taste. Eventually, Jason would leave. However, Jason never left. But but while Piper never doubted that Jason would protect her as she slept, as she would him, and do his part, watching, she also never doubted that Jason would one day simply pick up his stuff and leave. Jason was like the wind. Here one moment and there the next. Gone. poof. Piper was a girl who didn't have the time or the energy to have her heart broken (again) by her teenage sweetheart. Piper had a purpose. Piper was a girl who wanted to protect. And protect she did. Because the war, despite whatever was said, wasn't over. Frank wasn't sixteen anymore. No, now he was a seventeen year old war hero. For life he was set. Although he had been kicked out- or as the senate said, honorably given break, of the Preator position. Now he had a mansion of his own in New Rome, completely all to himself, and people who would come up to him in the middle of the street to thank him. Younger Frank Zhang might have been astounded and greatful for everything that Rome has compensated him with, but Frank wasn't that boy. It would have been all the same to Frank if he was simply left off to the streets Like the Iraq and Afganistan vets. Staggering out of his house to the back forest, a bottle held loosely in his hand, he walked erratically. Despite his meandering and limp, Frank knew where he was going. He had gone everyday and in the morning as well. He leaned against an onyx gravestone in the middle of the woods. Officially, Hazel Levesque was buried in the center of New Rome. Her name was carved into the base of the statue of her, right above her grave. New and old recruits would pass by and gather by the other war tributes. Bodies were sent home to parents who wept and cried. Some bodies were to mutated to identify so they were simply buried in bulk in unmarked graves. There was a whole grove of marble plaques simply titled 'died 2015' and their gender if it was discernible. The field of the unnamed dead alone was around a sixth square miles large. Added on to the mile of the unclaimed were the bodies of those who had an identity but not family or home Frank personally had overseen the returning of boddies. Then, Frank hadn't even tried liquor. He just greved quietly and stood at attention as he awarded the parents of the fallen, a medal. Some parents had diseinharented their child, slamming the door on their own flesh and blood. Those people would have once chaffed in Frank's nerves but now they were just ignorent humans. As they walked away from those ignorent homes, Frank could almost always feel the eyes of the parent of the diseased on his back, watching them as they pulled out of the house's driveway. Those children was buried with their real family, Camp Jupiter. They made up a third of the growing field of the dead. On their head stones were their cohort, name, death, and birth. Octavian had wanted to organize by cohort but Frank had vetoed that idea. Why segragate by cohort? No cohort made any of the diseased any more brave or honorable for dying. When Frank had argued this to Octavian it should have felt nice to see Octavion's mouth clamp shut. Old Frank could have never done that. New Frank was a Pretator on both the battlefield and senate. Since the war, Frank had discovered his own eloquence but there was nothing for him to enjoy. Sure Frank was the figure head of all Romans should aspire to be, but he wasn't happy. There was no reason to be happy. He demolished others on the debate floor and could kill monsters and people in too many ways for him to be 'good' or 'innocent'. So going around telling parents about their fallen children was Frank's pet project. He did the research of where the fallen had grown up. In the end he could name them all by name. He remembered their addresses, and there were thousands of them. Before, Camp Jupiter never told the parents of the diseased about their dead children But Frank was working to change that. It took seven months to track down all the dead's families and tell the news. Seven months that Frank would never forget. He did this all himself, accompanied by a posse of other surviving Romans. He had watched as parents broke down, crursed, and swore. They slandered him the the legion but Frank didn't contradict their accusations. A young Frank would have swelled with indignation but not anymore. The worst reactions where the ones that reminded Frank of his own. The memory was so clear, a young boy, imeadeatly introducing himself as Danny, answering the door. A young boy that could have been himself. Frank kept up the professional army general personal. He was the leader of Camp Juipter then,