Title: Creatures of habit word count: 5,023 A/N: for the capture the flag competition. No prompts, pairing Chris/Clarisse and in total words! Hurray for speed writing! Also my longest one-shot! I have written multi-chapters shorter than this. Overall, I would advise you be be wary of my grammar which tends to get iffy with longer writing pieces. Lastly, again I'm going to remind you all, this has NOT been beta-read so I apologize for any errors et. which I am almost certain, are littered all around this Fic. please take the time to review. Chris wasn't poor by any means. His Mom, Amelia, was a theif. She was a cheat and a swindler. All these labels were publicly announced in his morning papers daily. Though life went on and Chris turned a blind all these accusations were true, Amelia Rodriguez also happened to be the CEO of Degimod Industries. Worth more than gold, the company had started up two years before Chris was born by Amelia herself. They shipped everywhere and to anyone. For that reason Chris grew up moving around. Fourteen and young, he was restless. Living out of a hotel, albeit an expensive one, wasn't fun anymore. Sure, there were the perks, he never had to make his bed, wash his clothes but he never had a bed really either. He had four different beds a week. One in Chicago, one in New York, one in Madrid and another on the plane to Paris. The movement never ended. In a way, it kept him on his feet, and later he would learn, it kept his sent vague and had to pinpoint. It also gave him the kind of worldly experiences that came from camping out in South Africa with no bug spray. He was fluent in four languages, okay in two, so according to his mother, her job was a good thing. His mom was amazing. She was single, a millionaire, and his primary caregiver. Raising him by herself and running a multi-million international business had to have been hard. That was why Chris relieved her of himself everyday. Wandering the streets of New York he never looked twice at the cyclops huddled on the side of the street. There were homeless people everywhere. However, the cyclops saw him. Turning onto fourty second street filled with tourist shops she was shoved into an alley. A mean man, buff and tall looked down on him. "Grah" it frowned and started forward. Chris wanted to look up and take a look at the man'a face but he couldn't. He didn't know why but she couldn't. Amelia always said that faces humanized people, how right she was. Sprinting as fast as his legs could take him, Chris ran. The man followed. Rushing past carts and tourists, Chris could feel the city layout beneath his feet. It was hard to explain but his internal GPS said left and he listened. Making a sharp turn around a corner he allowed himself a glance back. The Man was stumbling across a couple pedestrians who screamed in rapid fire Ukrainian but he didn't seem to notice. He just pushed them to the side and continued holding a long metal bad. That bat, Chris thought morosely, would be what he would use to bludgeon me with. Chris kept running- or he would have had not a beat up truck blocked his path. "Move!" Chris screamed. He looked for a way around but there was none. A boy, no older than twelve screamed back. "Get in!" He looked behind Chris and shuddered. That at action was the deciding factor, this kid was afraid just like Chris. What was the worst this boy could do. Chris had been in fights, everyone loved to beat on the new guy(which had almost always been him) so he could hold his own. If anything happened , Chris reasoned, he would beat the boy in a fight . So in one fluid motion he jumped in. The truck started immediately and they were off. plowing down the street with the Man yelling gibberish behind them. Looking around his surroundings, Chris realized just how stupid he had been. Rule number one about New York, never get into a car with a stranger. Chris, though, did t verbalized his thoughts. Instead he sat down and introduced himself. "I'm Chris." A girl who he hadn't noticed earlier nodded. She looked just as freaked out as he probably did. "Mary." Chris nodded then turned to the younger boy who had instructed him into the car. "Louis." the boy said simply. It was laughable how relaxed Louis looked compared to him and Mary, who Chris directed his next question to. "Where are we going? You can drop me off at forty first street." Mary shook her head. "We can't drop you off, there might be more." Chris almost rolled his eye. "Theres going to be thugs everywhere welcome to NYC, I'll be fine." Shooting him a sour look at his sarcasm, Mary shrunk further into herself if that was even possible. "No, don't you get it. We can't stop Idiot. You can't go home." Chris would have stood up if they weren't going at such a break neck speed. "Pull over. Pull over or-or I'll scream. I swear, I'll scream." Louis actually did roll his eye. "You're not going home, no matter what you do. Listen to missy here. Don't worry though, you're going somewhere safe." Phoenix, Arizona was beautiful in the summer time. That was one thing Clarisse missed. Her mother was great and all but the slender, war scarred woman had nothing on the golden hillside. Standing on the shores of Camp Half Blood, Clarisse could almost imagine she was home. It was this longing, urgent and compelling that led Clarisse back home. Laura La Rue had set up security measures all over their house. Trip stones and wires scattered on their lawn. Those, Clarisse skillfully avoided. She knew what stepping on one of them would mean and she didn't like it. Her Mother treated her nicely enough but Clarisse knew she wasn't really wanted. Especially not when Dan, Laura's other son that she had adopted with Clarisse's step father, was just comming home from the army. As step-fathers went, Drake Killon was pretty great. He let her use his gun and everything. It was a standard glock but never the less, Clarisse treasured her time with it. Dan wasn't was great. Older than her by five years, he was kind of the world in his own eyes. There was no one better than he, except of course himself. So during the summer, Clarisse stayed outside and enjoyed the sun. She practiced her spear, did some conditioning, did her morning run and then she wandered. Alone sure, but Clarisse was alright by herself. She didn't need Cronus to show everyone how tough she was, they just knew it. Now, going on her mid-evening jog, Clarisse came across a boy. He was about as old as she but that really struck Clarisse was his hair. A chocolate brown that fell in curves to frame his face, he was bloodied. He was, admittedly cute un conscience and bloody, not that Clarisse would ever tell anyone. Even she needed a crush. Chris at camp was always so fair. He never chose sides yet he did have his own opinion. He was the kind of mediator that Clarisse would have teased but with Chris, she didn't. Now he seemed to splurging Nonsense. Sad how one could so drastically change. He felt thinner and his chest seemed to have shrunk in size. He looked like a shell of his former self as she wordlessly led him inside of her house and inside of her room where she had never let a boy in before. The next day she would face horrors beyond her imagination as a top secret quest from Chiron As a sayer, Louis something, came to pick Chris up. Casting once last glance the next morning at Chris' shaking figure, Clarisse would enter the labyrinth. "Where are you going Mary!" Chris hissed and the short girl jumped in surprise. A knapsack was slung over her back and her sweatshirt pulled over her eyes. "Chris! What are you doing awake!" It was mature but then again, sons of Hermes lived for immature. "I asked you first. Spill." He held up a carefully worded note that Mary had spent hours pouring over. "What' sat his?" Mary couldn't help it. "A letter, duh" she said. Flapping his arms in exasperation, Chris looked like he was going to explode. Opening the letter he began to read. "Dear Chris, we had a lot of great times but there's a time where our paths have to split, I can't live like this...!" Chris' voice got progressively louder as he read. "What in Hades do you mean! You planned to leave without even saying goodbye!" "If was for the best and 'what the Hades am I talking about!' I'M TALKING ABOUT THIS FREAKING CAMP!" Mary went red in the face. Chris' worry didn't matter anymore because fury took over. "Oh yeah, come with me, they said, we'll take care of you, YOU'LL BE LOVED!" Her voice broke on the last word and Chris wanted to pull Mary into a hug but she straightened out before he got the change. "Chris," Her voice was quieter now. "I still don't know my parents, it's been two years, I can't do this any longer. I'm going to join Luke." Luke . Chris' half brother, handsome and rouge, Luke had gotten on well with Mary Though not quite as well with Chris. He could still remember the boy's encouraging words as he helped to train The younger kids. He remembered his envy that his best friend wanted to spend time with his brother not him. "just try a little longer." Chris continued to plead but Mary's eyes had hardened. "What, and end up like Ethan! No, I'm not going to be helpless, I'm going to do something about it." He didn't know where the courage came from but he placed his arms on Mary's shoulders and looked into his eyes. "Mary, don't go." She tilted her head up and matched him, arms over lapping with his as she faintly smiled. "No." It wasnt a complete rebuttal so Chris plowed on. "So what if I go with you?" Mary's eyes widened and she whispered. "Really? Truly?" Chris wanted to lie as he was selling his soul but this was Mary. It was impossible to lie or even attempt to say no. "Yes." And then noses almost touching, she kissed him. They stayed, arms wrapped aroundeachother before they finally left. Leaving two empty bunks in the Hermes cabin which two eager campers who were anxious to get off the floor filled. No one even noticed they were gone until six months later when Chris reappeared in Arizona. Clarisse was in pitch black. Something howled behind her and she ran as fast as her legs could take her. She' dolts her flashlight and her spear in a scuffle earlier. With no light, she was lost in a forever going maze. Curling up in a ball seemed like the rational thing to do. What else could she do Besides that? Stumble around in the dark some more? fight imaginary monsters and run from imaginary sounds? Clarisse refused to do that any longer. "Ahh" Mary made a quest sound as she stepped on a trick stone. Giant swords shot out of the walls, impaling her to the ground to bleed out. Just like that, she was gone. Chris watched the life bleed out of his best friend-slash-possible girlfriend. The whole reason that Chris was in the maze was for Mary. How could he live knowing that he had stayed behind as she journeyed to her sure death. die she did and Chris wondered what was crueler. For him to hear of her death and