One day, a long time ago, two people were walking in the forest not many days away from Rivendell. Both were far more than the mere soldiers they appeared to be, as they were conversing in Elvish, and both carried weapons far greater than the ones that most soldiers carried. The woman, Wolf, was an elf, and the man, Aragorn, a human. They were part of a larger company of soldiers, called Rangers, all of whom were gathered in their tents, waiting for the morning. "In the morning, we travel north. There is word of raiders, Orcs and goblins, attacking the villagers there. If the rumors are true, then we must go and defend the villages that are left," Aragorn said to his companion. Wolf said nothing for a few minutes, gathering her thoughts. When she stopped walking, Aragorn turned and looked back at her. "What is it, Wolf?" he asked, frowning lightly. "Aragorn, this is not for you. Lord Elrond gave me orders. Besides, we are friends, and you are more than just a mere soldier, Aragorn," Wolf said quietly. She was pale, even for an elf, and was unsteady on her feet. Aragorn noticed it, but he knew she would not thank him for speaking of it. He turned away and looked up at the skies. "There is smoke to the north. The Orcs have made camp." "So they have. Aragorn, why do you refuse to acknowledge your true place in the kingdoms?" "I refuse that heritage, Wolf. You of all people should understand that." "I do. But while our situations are similar, Aragorn, I was not born to be a king. You were. And it is not something that you can turn your back on. Even here, in our band of misfits, you are the clear leader. Lord Elrond raised you as his son, and taught you to be who you were born to be. I won't ask you why you turned your back on your heritage, because I have done the same, but I will ask you if you are sure about what you have chosen," Wolf asked. Aragorn sighed, then sat down in the grass, gazing off into the distance thoughtfully. "There is no other option. My ancestor was weak, and I do not want to know if I am that weak as well." "Much time has passed since you were a child and I was one of those who taught you. There are many cares on your shoulders and in your face now, Aragorn. Come. Arwen is waiting, and she will ease your worries," Wolf said, extending a hand. Aragorn allowed her to help him up, then followed him to where Arwen was waiting. "Lady," Wolf said, bowing slightly to the female elf. Aragorn stood beside Wolf, gazing at the woman he loved. Arwen noticed him, but smiled and raised Wolf's head. "Come and rest, Wolf. You look tired, friend," Arwen said gently. "More than you know, Lady Arwen. Thank you, but I must stay awake and watch," Wolf said quietly. "Your commander works you too hard. Come, Wolf, it's alright," Arwen replied. Wolf hesitated, looking to Aragorn, who nodded and smiled gently at her, then nodded, unbuckling her sword and setting it aside, as well as her shield. Arwen showed her to a small couch where she could sleep. "Lie down, Wolf. Close your eyes," Arwen instructed. Wolf laid down and relaxed slightly, then winced. Arwen noticed. "Here, give me your hand," she said. Wolf lifted her hand, and Arwen grasped it lightly. Aragorn strode forwards and placed his hand on Arwen's shoulder, then kissed her hair and removed his hand. Arwen closed her eyes and focused, then eased the images and the pain that would have made it impossible for Wolf to sleep deeply enough to recover her energy. Wolf's grip slackened, and Arwen set Wolf's arm down gently. She then turned to Aragorn, who was smiling at her. "You are far more than I have any right to ask for," he said quietly, his eyes shining. Arwen shook her head. "No, Aragorn. I am not. Now, come. You look worried; come and sit with me," Arwen replied, going across the tent and sitting near a small fireplace. Aragorn went and sat beside her. His eyes were shadowed with worries. He was born to be a king, and had been trained to it, but that did little to ease his fears of repeating the past. Arwen laid him down with his head in her lap. She stroked his hair back away from his face. "What troubles you, Aragorn?" Arwen asked. "Many things, Arwen. I do not know if I did the right thing by denying the crown of Gondor. I know the ring is lost to time and memory and that we must find it, but there are so many other problems. Sauron's followers are everywhere. Orcs and the wolves of Isengard travel more freely with no one commanding them. The outlying villages are ransacked, and I don't have enough Rangers to protect the villagers," Aragorn said quietly. He suddenly felt very tired, and his eyelids slid halfway shut. "It will all be alright, Aragorn. Everything will be fine," Arwen reassured him, laying down next to him. Aragorn took a deep breath and relaxed, his heart feeling at peace around her as it always did. Aragorn smiled at her, then took her into his arms and simply held her close, taking strength and comfort from her closeness. Arwen closed her eyes and laid her head on his shoulder, moving in closer to him. Aragorn laid a hand on her cheek and then kissed her gently. "You look tired, Aragorn," Arwen noticed. "I am. The trail is long," he replied quietly, opening his eyes fully and looking into Arwen's eyes. Arwen gazed back at him, her eyes soft and gentle. "Go to sleep," Arwen said softly, leaning forward and kissing his eyes. Aragorn allowed his eyes to close. Arwen drew a fur over him, then kissed his forehead and left him to sleep. She sat near the fire, gazing into it, keeping watch over the two warriors. She was friends with Wolf, and lover to Aragorn. Both knew that they could trust her, and so slept more deeply, comforted by that knowledge. When Wolf stirred, she opened her eyes and cried out softly, the pain of old injuries and memories rising in her again. Arwen heard the outcry and rose to her feet, knowing that it had been Wolf who had cried out. Arwen crossed the room to Wolf and then sat near the small couch, gazing at Wolf, holding Wolf's gaze with her own. Wolf eventually gazed into Arwen's eyes. "The memories are powerful, Lady Arwen. And the wounds should have faded by now, but the memories keep the wounds fresh and unhealed," Wolf said quietly, knowing that Arwen wanted to know how badly she was ailing. Arwen frowned at her words. "Aragorn sleeps. Come here to me, and let my father heal you. My father is not far. He rode the trail with me; it is a dangerous time, and he is unwilling to let harm come to his daughter. He can heal you, Wolf, if you will allow it," Arwen said. Wolf hesitated a moment, then nodded. Lord Elrond was a friend to her, and she trusted him with her life. Arwen placed an arm around Wolf's shoulders and guided her to the tent where her father was at rest. "Father, she has need of the healer's touch," Arwen said when she had entered the tent. Elrond got to his feet and took Wolf into his arms, lifting her easily. "I must return to Aragorn. He will wake soon, and will worry if he wakes alone when I was there while he fell asleep," Arwen told her father. Elrond nodded, and Arwen returned to Aragorn's tent. "It is good to see you again, Wolf. I have missed you," Elrond said, smiling. Wolf smiled back slightly, though her smile was strained, and her eyes were still dark and heavy. "I have missed you as well, Lord Elrond. It is good to see someone from my home again, and someone who I grew to adulthood with," Wolf replied quietly. Elrond set Wolf down on a pile of furs, then stripped away her clothes. Wolf was awake during this, though Elrond was surprised by this when he saw the extent of her wounds. "It will be a long process; it will go through the night and well into the day. Why have you not gotten these wounds tended to before, Wolf?" he asked. His voice was rich and deep, soothing to Wolf's ears and raw nerves. "I have, my lord. But the memories of what caused these wounds make the wounds reopen. I dream at night, and the memories appear in my dreams. Having them tended helps for a little while, but the memories… They are more powerful and more draining than the wounds themselves," Wolf replied, dropping her gaze. Elrond considered her as his hands roamed across her body, leaving a trail of warmth wherever they touched her skin. "Why have you not been to see me before? I might have helped you with those memories." "They shame me, my lord Elrond," Wolf responded quietly, not raising her eyes. Elrond stopped his hands then, frowning at her. "Why do they shame you?" he asked, concerned. "I would rather not say, lord," Wolf told him, lifting her eyes and letting him see the pain and shame in her gaze. Elrond met her gaze, then nodded and turned his attention back to the wounds that sapped Wolf's strength. He reached into the saddlebags from his horse, and withdrew his herbs, bandages, and balms. Wolf groaned as she laid down and relaxed more, forcing herself to keep her eyes open. Elrond set them down and opened a bottle of green cream. "It may sting, but it will help. If you cannot lie still, tell me, and I shall help you to relax," Elrond said. Wolf nodded once, then took a deep breath. Elrond waited until she released it before beginning to spread the cream over her wounds. Many were deep, but none life-threatening by themselves. Together, however, with the blood loss, he was surprised to find her still alive and coherent. "Give me your hand, Wolf, and allow yourself the chance to heal from these wounds," Elrond said. Wolf reached out her hand instantly, and Elrond grasped it gently. He reached into her mind and soothed her thoughts, turning her emotions from fear to acceptance, from tension and distrust to relaxation and openness. When she was relaxed, Elrond put her hand down next to her body and then tended to her wounds again. Wolf remained awake the entire time, though she was very weak, and clearly tired. When Elrond finished and bandaged her wounds, he covered her with a thick fur and then sat beside her, on a pile of furs. "Rest now, Wolf. You must sleep," Elrond said. Wolf fought it for a few minutes. "Aragorn and Arwen-" "Will be safe enough. Arwen is not weak. She is as a strong a fighter as most. It is alright, Wolf. Sleep. Close your eyes and sleep," Elrond said, leaning forward and kissing Wolf's forehead. Wolf closed her eyes at his touch, and her breathing evened out into the rhythms of sleep. Elrond stoked the fire, wondering what sort of memories she had that caused her wounds to reopen and nearly claim her life. He kept watch through the night, and when she showed evidence of having nightmares, Elrond placed a hand on her forehead and she relaxed, the fear subsiding. As he tended to Wolf's wounds, Arwen had returned to Aragorn's tent. He was awake and gazing into the fire. "Wolf is with my father. She is badly hurt. He is tending to her wounds." "What has happened?" "Her dream wounds reopen every night. They