Woes of Betrothal Chapter 1: Layers of The Slytherin Heart " Elisabetta!" Mona Moretti's voice called up the grand staircase to her daughter. A small, chocolate haired girl, just turned 7 years old appears at the top. " Yes, Mother?" her small but strong voice carried down the stair case, and it intimidated him a bit. He could just barely see her from where he stood in the den, and he shifted uncomfortably. This place was nowhere new, and that small strong voice was one he knew well. " We have company, dear. And business to discuss! Your father has something wonderful to tell you." The pitter patter of feet danced down the stairs just as they were expected to, how they were trained to. Elegant but swift, quick to answer the call of their father. Elisabetta looked at the guests in the den and couldn't help but smile. " Sirius!" she smiled at him and he gulped. " Hi, Ellie!-" interrupted by a nudge to his ribs. "I mean- Hello, Elisabetta." thankfully, the little girl smiled warmly at him, knowingly. She knew how they had to speak to each other in front of their parents. she seemed to always understand everything, that wonderful Ellie of his. Mrs. Moretti lead the way into a different den down the hall. This one was dimmer, with a large oval mahogany table in the center, with deep green cushioned seats surrounding it. Behind the table was Antonio Moretti, Elisabetta's father, and Sirius' own father, Orion Black, deep in conversation. They turned once they had realized the rest of the party had joined them, Antonio greeted the children with warm smiles. Well, as warm as Antonio Moretti could smile, at least, which was warmer than Orion ever offered. " Elisabetta, Sirius, we have an announcement." Antonio began, and looked at both of the children. " As you know, it is tradition in our society to prepare our youth to carry on our ideals, our blood, and our magic in the proper manner. One of the ways to ensure that, is to assign our youth to a proper spouse." Sirius looked over to Elisabetta for some sort of reaction. But there she stood, her tiny chin held high, her eyes locked on her father like a proper pureblood daughter. " That being said," Antonio started again, and Sirius turned his attention back to him. "The noble house of Black has requested to join our Families together in The form of a union between our eldest; you two. Which means, at the age of 18, you, Elisabetta…" Antonio took a moment to look at his daughter, and couldn't help but sigh a little. "Will be Wed to Sirius Black." For a moment, there was nothing but silence as Antonio looked at his daughter. Elisabetta nodded, saying nothing, and curtsied. Sirius fumbled to take her lead with a bow, mumbling quickly about it being an honor to be chosen. She was always so much better at this stuff than him. After that, the children were dismissed, and the moment the large oak doors to the garden closed behind them, a surge of energy seem to hit the two 7 year olds. " What a surprise! Isn't it wonderful, Seer? I thought it was going to be Rabastan. Ugh, I would have run away tonight if it was him." Elisabetta leaped onto the stone wall and started to balance, walking beside Sirius. " So, you're not weirded out, or anything?" Sirius began, looking over his shoulder to make sure none of their parents were around. " Godric, no! Better you than anyone else. At least I'll like who I end up marrying. I'm already happier than most married off purebloods." " I guess so…" He began. "It's just… Ellie, doesn't it feel a bit…. Off? Them picking who we marry?" Elisabetta plopped to her bum on the stone wall in front of him. " What? This happens all the time, Sirius. You knew they would pair you with someone." " I know! I know. And I'm glad it's you than any others, too, but-" he stopped, looking up to catch her Green eyes locked on him, her full attention focused on him. He didn't want to say anything, he was scared to. Another minute of silence passed before she broke it. " You can tell me." Her voice was soft, gentle. It was comforting and sweet, genuine and kind, understanding and welcoming, and it was everything he thought it wouldn't be, and she was so wonderful, his Ellie. So he took a deep breath, straightened out his back and put his chin up slightly. " I don't…. Think I agree with them." it was the first time he had admitted it out loud, even to himself, and it sounded so terrifying in spoken word. To his surprise, she smiled and nodded. " I question it sometimes, too. But this is who we are, and it's what we do, and it's always been like this." Sirius nodded and looked over at the willow down at the bottom of the hill, hiding a small cove of the massive pond on Ellie's land. He always loved that willow, it always seemed to comfort him. Elisabetta made him feel comfortable too, she was the one person Sirius felt.. Home, around. And if there was anyone Sirius would be forced to marry, he was glad it was his wonderful Ellie. Hogwarts express, 10am, beginning of 7th year. The sun was up, and it was actually a remarkably beautiful day for September in London. There were a few other students on the train, coming early to grab a compartment, the excitement of the year being too much for them. Elisabetta, better known now at 16 (17 in a few short months,) as Effy, was not one of them. This, was simply tradition. Effy was standing on the platform with her parents and her little brother, Mateo, scanning her Green eyes across the platform patiently. Mateo was going into his 5th year at Hogwarts, which means OWLS, which means her parents were far too busy fussing over him. Suddenly, to her right, there was a Black mass going through a trolley connector. "Mother, father. I'm exhausted, I think I'm going to go on the train early, and catch up on some reading. You'll write me when the first ball is?" "Yes! Yes love of course." her mother glided over to her and ran a hand over her cheek. "Be a good girl this year, Elisabetta, and no funny business!" Effy smiled and promised, though she knew what she meant, and she was on her way to do just that. Her sweet mother, who tries so hard, and it's not fair that Effy feels this way towards them at all. But Mona doesn't stop it, and by doing that, she encourages it. Elisabetta's eyes land on her father, who catches her gaze and nods politely towards her. Effy does the same, but they both know they don't want to. Mona finally let go of her daughter and smiled tearily at her, knowingly. "Enjoy this year, Darling. Enjoy it." Effy knew she meant it and thanked her quietly before walking off towards the train, making sure no one was watching her as she walked passed the train door and between the carriages after the black mass. "That took longer than last year." Effy jumped at the voice in her ear, looking over to see Sirius leaning against the train with a smirk plastered on his stupidly handsome face. "Not even my fault, Sirius. I didn't see your fluffy black tail sauntering through the train until 10:15. Now we only have 45 minutes." Sirius let out his bark like laugh. "We're only going to need 20." He said, running a hand through his hair. Effy raised her eyebrows and crossed her arms at her chest, Sirius's eyes couldn't help but wander to where they met. "Only 20? It's been a month. You, are, pathetic." she joked. "This is true. A full 4 weeks." Sirius smirked and reached forward, grabbing her wrist from her chest and pulled her against him. "We might only need 10 then." "I don't even know why I hang out with you." she laughed, running her hand up his chest towards his neck. Sirius' hand travelled down her side, onto her hip, as far down her outer thigh as his fingers could stretch. "What, you mean besides my incredible sense of humor and my astounding wit?" Effy scoffed jokingly and rolled her eyes. "All of which you've gotten from me. But really, I mean, besides those, what do you really have to offer?" she smiled and flicked her tongue against her lip, proud of her own joke. Sirius growled in a quiet chuckle and grabbed her by the back of her knees, pulling her up onto his waist and turned, pushing her back against the train. Effy let out a small squeal at how Suddenly it happened, laughing with her back to the train as he spoke into her hair and neck, brushing his lips against her skin as he spoke. "Let me just remind you of one of the few." Hogwarts express, 10:58am The train whistle blew and the train jolted to a start as they hopped onto the back trolley, sneaking in through the back door. "20 minutes my ass. I told you! I know you better than you think I do." Effy pointed a manicured finger at him. "Stop doubting me. I've never been wrong." Sirius laughed and put his hand on her lower back, pushing her along the corridor. "If the train wasn't about to leave we would have needed more time." he whispered in her ear and she shuddered as his breath tickled her neck. "Yeah, yeah. Save it for the dark corridors, Sirius. How was it this summer?" Sirius sighed, pulling his hand away from her back to run it through his hair. "Better. Better than the last couple summer's. How was yours?" They caught up on their summers as they walked through trolleys to their respective compartments. "Right, well. This is my stop." Effy looked around the trolley, wrapped her fingers around the hair on the back of Sirius' head and pulled him in for another kiss. "Write me. I'll see you at the feast." Sirius watched her as she walked away, wiggling her bottom more than she usually would just to give him a show. He smirked as he watched her walk down to her compartment, blowing him a kiss before sliding open her compartment door and disappearing into her usual sea of green and silver, his wonderful Ellie. The thing no one tells you about arranged marriages, especially ones you've known about since you Were 7, is that you grow fiercely protective of them. At least, that's what Effy keeps telling herself. Something flipped a switch that day. Sirius and Effy were always close, ever since they could remember. They were certainly each other's favorite pureblood child to be around, but once they found out they were paired to each other, it cemented their bond. Of course, then they were young and innocent. It was building a friendship, telling other children off for trying to be mean to them, and nothing more, but knowing they weren't going to get out of each other's lives, they were constantly looking out for each other. Of course, when they turned 11, all hell broke loose. Sirius was sorted into Gryffindor. Elisabetta spent the next 4 years fighting to keep the arrangement to stick with their parents. Instantly they wanted to reconsider the offer. Walburga and Orion were grateful to have Elizabetta on their side, regardless If they had different reasons for it. Walburga and Orion swore that it meant nothing, that Sirius was a good pureblood and it changed nothing of his true character. He would still be a suitable pairing for Elizabetta. Effy fought it so she wouldn't