Chapter 1 Today is the Day of the Reaping. On this occasion, I specifically get up late. Go back down and found their parents in the kitchen. They sit back to me and talk about something. I look at the table and I notice my favorite dishes: pancakes and walnut cake. -Good Morning! - I walk up to my parents, kiss their cheek and smell the cake. The almonds. How I love it! -I have baked your favorite cake, – mother smiles. - And cooked pancakes. -What I love - I smile at her and sit down at the table. Everyone is cheerful, despite the fact that after three hours the Reaping will begin. Parents try to keep as usual, although we are all in the soul afraid of the upcoming ceremony. I am 17 years old, and my name was never called yet. But who knows, maybe this time I was "lucky". Although usually young men and women from our District - 1 are not afraid of the Day of the Reaping and show their fear is not accepted, everyone keeps the crossed fingers at heart. Almost every year, one of our District wins, but our main rival – District - 2 - is not far behind. From early childhood, we train in special academies, but even that does not guarantee victory. Now I think only about the Reaping and what will be, if I am selected. Mom says my reverie and asks: -What do you wear to the ceremony? Her question immediately brings me back to reality. -I don't know, I have not thought yet - I answer and put on a plate the pancakes, watering syrup on them. -You have a lot of beautiful dresses, you can choose any, - dad joins the conversation and his word «beautiful for some reason I don't like. The Reaping - this is not an event where you can show off your outfits and serious ceremony where everyone is afraid that he will choose. So I never dress up and wear a simple dress. I eat in silence. Parents decide not to bother me and go away. I remain alone with my thoughts. More than two hours! It seems that time will go on forever. I don't know what to do. Try to pull the time I finish lunch in 20 minutes. Climb upstairs and decide to stay in the room. 10 minutes I stand in front of the closet, decide what to wear. I have a lot of beautiful dresses, embroidered with precious stones, some of which gave me a father, and my mother carefully sewed. My choice stops on the red dress, the top of which is decorated with sapphires. Other clothes are more beautiful. Sit down at the dressing table and think to wear earrings or not. Almost all of my jewelry made of precious stones. But they have enough and on the dress. "Less shine" – it is my motto for the Day of the Reaping, when it comes to appearance. My mother comes in my room and asks can she help me with haircut. I am disgusted at heart. What hairstyle?! This is the Reaping, but not the receiving with a president. -No, Mom, thank you, not need - I say as gently as possible, but it is impossible. Mom obviously upset. Simple spit is enough to complete the image. I also wear shoes without stones - red pumps. I go to the mirror and appreciate how I look .It's too much red. Change shoes on white sandals and put on a white bolero. The second time I like myself more. Until the harvest two hours. The next half hour I spend with a book, and then go out on the street. The air is fresh and warm. I sit down on a bench near the house and consider our garden. It's too boring. Now I see a squirrel on a branch of spruce. But it soon runs away. In search of new animals I notice nightingale sitting down on the fence. It begins to sing, but other sounds interfere enjoy its melody. Apparently, the bird understands that the noise will not listen to it and flies away. So goes half an hour. I go back to the house. Parents sit in the living room. I don't know what I talk to them, so go up to him. The next 20 minutes I lay on the bed, even seems I have time to take a nap. Then go down to the living room and decide not to go anywhere else. For a while I watch TV, my mother comes and says that we should go. We look at each other, as if try to talk out ourselves of presence in the Reaping. Then dad comes and urges us. I get up, watch the multitudinous living room, which may no longer see, and we go out together. For the first time I'm so nervous. Perhaps because only two years left, and the likelihood that my cause grows. We drive in silence to the square. Out of the car, and I see friends from the Academy. Everything is so overdressed, that I awkwardly. It seems that everyone perceives the Reaping in its own way. We record passes an eternity until the stage is not lifted by three people - one woman and two men. Girl named Monica, she came from the Capitol as an escort and is responsible for our District. One of the men - the mayor, the second I don't know. There is two o'clock. Our mayor goes to the microphone and began his speech. All listened to him with bated breath. There are last minutes before the announcement of the names of tributes. Mayor stops talking, and everyone applause. I also clap - out of politeness. Then he is replaced by Monica. She walks up to the microphone, and her friendly voice resounds. I don't press into the meaning of her words, just think: "Faster." Monica approaches the ball, where are the names of the girls. She rummages in it and abruptly pulls a piece of paper. "Only not me" - it sounds in my head. Inner voice drowns out everything. For a few seconds I was standing with my eyes closed until around becomes quiet. I listened to the name of the tribute. But Monica repeats: -Peyton Evans. For a moment I froze. Everyone looks at me. Have I? Only now I remember that my name is Peyton Evans. 17 years. District-1. Tribute on the 72nd Hunger Games. Chapter 2 Everyone part before me. I walk slowly, not yet realizing that I am sent to the Games. Monica gives me a hand, so I go up to the stage. I go to the center of the stage and stops. Now Monica comes to the ball with the names of the boys. I look forward and try to understand what happened with me over the past 5 minutes. Monica announces the name of a male tribute. -Martin Rother. I look through the eyes this accident, but when I see his confidence and even a little happy face, I embarrass. Guys, standing next to him, friendly slap on the shoulder of Martin, and a young man quickly goes to the scene. The next moment he is beside me. -Now shake hands – Monica smiles. I turn to Martin and begin to assess him until the young man's hand firmly shakes mine. Tall, strong, confident - that's my first impression of this tribute. The expression on his face is unreadable and drop the fear. It is obvious why. With such a constitution, and even, perhaps, any skills he will win. Even me. The following minutes are so fast that the events of that time, I remember fragments. We are in the House of Justice. I talk with my parents. They try to calm me down, say that since I am from the First District and is therefore likely to win I have more than others. But besides me in the Arena will be at least five tributes, who are trained better than me. We are separated. Mom says that everything will be fine, but those words at the moment I don't have to make any sense. It takes a few more minutes, and I find myself on the train with Martin, Monica and our mentor Greg - man at the ceremony, which I didn't know. I sit in a comfortable chair, next to me - Martin. We did not say more to each other a single word. -Are you ready? - Martin asks suddenly, and I am glad that I didn't have to start the conversation. -For What? - I ask, knowing what he says. -For the Games – Martin responds calmly. -No, - I speak honestly and tersely. -And I – yes, - Martin answers confidently. - And don't you worry. We are trained from childhood to the Games. We have the advantage. -Yes, like a District - 2. And the tributes of the Fourth. -We have almost the same advantage, but one of the main roles played by sponsors. And all this is in various ways. -Therefore we have to climb out of the skin, to arrange them to ourselves, - I began to get angry. -We are the favorites of the Capitol. Top Sponsors half we have had already, - Martin answers and takes a dish grapes. Greg enters. We talk about the games for one hour: how to win sponsors (with this we will have no problems), show ourselves to the Gamemakers. Greg gives some useful tips about survival. Monica also includes in the conversation and tells us that we are waiting for the next six days. After a long conversation, I go to my room, think about how I can prove myself to the Gamemakers. Archery I don't know how to shoot, with swords apply too badly. But if there are daggers or knives, then I'll show you exactly everything what I can do. One problem solved. The rest is too dependent on me: will I be able to survive in the arena, to apply my skills to protect myself from other tributes. After some time, the landscape changes, there are tall buildings, and we realize that we drive to the Capitol. And now a huge city is ahead of us in all its glory night, the city in which we live a few days and then take part in the most violent and dangerous competition - The Hunger Games. Please, leave your comments, your opinion is very important for me) this is my first experience in translation from Russian into English, point out flaws, if they are) Chapter 3 When the train arrives at the station, we see a crowd of people gathered to meet us. They shout, wave flowers and their motley costumes I have dazzled. Monica says that we have to smile and waving in response, and I have to do it. Immediately after the train me with Martin lead to the Center of the Transfiguration, where, after a few hours we meet with our stylists. Tomorrow, when the others tributes arrive, the Parade will take place. We can proudly present our districts. Each stylist tries to bring something special to suit his ward, reflect the spirit of the tribute's district. My stylist Joseph promised that I would be delighted with his appearance. I hope that's true. Well, that the Parade will be tomorrow. To date, I have no strength left. When I came to our room and have dinner, I, despite the early time, I go to bed. This day seems so long. Stress and eventful affect my condition: I immediately fall asleep. Until the middle of the next day we are free: remaining tributes arrived and everyone is ready for the Parade. I with Martin again turn up with stylists. I clearly remember the moment: Joseph comes up to me in his hands my dress in the