AN: Sorry for that the AN is at the beginning of the chapter, but there is very important warnings I need to give you guy's The First warn is that this is rated M for Nude scenes, lots of cursing, and gore (Maybe on the gore). The second is that I am going to be changing up the writing style for this story. The third is that I am not holding back any ideas I get, meaning that if I get a sex scene in mind I will write it down and post it. Not keeping it to myself like I normally do (Meaning this story will most likely to be very dark). The Fourth warning is that this will be a lot more detailed fight scenes, longer chapters (3,000 to 5,000 words), more in depth look into the plotline, better Plotline. The Fifth warning is that there will be more than one Plotline going within this story. (At least 3 Plotlines) The sixth Warning is the this story will be nothing like the first. The Seventh warning is that I have opened up a new content for this story. I will be accepting any Ideas from you guys as well as Omake if you make them and I like them. The Eighth warning is that this will contain GirlXGirl and a couple of hints of GuyXGuy. just so you know. The Ninth warning is for those readers who have read this story saga since book 1's first chapter. The will be a change in some of the characters personality's. Some will be minor, others will be major. The Last warning is that this story will be in three main Pov's. Sarafine's, Anna's, and Lily's. Other Pov's may come and go. Also, any Characters from the Omakes from the chapters in book 1 will appear within this story. Enjoy Chapter 1. Oh and before I forget, Chapter two will be a updated version of the Powers and abilities chapter from Book 1. Sally's Pov Jackson Home I looked at my Granddaughter once again. She had Percy raven black hair, that much I was sure about. She looked a bit like Thalia, but she looked more like my son. Her eyes were almost as spellbinding as Percy's, Her right eye was the same as her Mother's, sky blue. Her left eye was Midnight purple with specks of black in them. Both eye's had a ring of sea green, the same color as Percy's eyes were, around the outside of the Isrs. Her choice of clothing was closer to Percy's than Thalia's. She wore a Purple Trench coat that went down to her ankles. She had Purple, Black, and Dark Grey BDU pants. She had a tank top on in place of a normal shirt. She had two swords strapped to her back, and I would bet my life on it, she more weapons hidden within the trench coat. Thalia was wearing her same old outfit. I was knock out of my thoughts as Nick came walking through the door. "Hey guys, we're home." Nick called out as he walked through the door. "Grandma, is there any apples left?" Eizze said as she closed the door behind her. Nick tossed her an apple as soon as she look his way. "Nice try Nick." She said as she caught the apple an bit into it. "So? Who are our guest." Nick asked. "Hi Nick." Thalia said as she stopped in front of him. "Thalia….Let me guess, it's Mentor's fault." Nick stated more than asked. "Yep, now, let me introduce you to the people here. You already know the twins and Nico, right." "Yep, I also know Ethan, Lena, Vivian and Tracy, as well as Lily. Although I'm not to sure on who the one in the trench coat. Than there's Ice." My Brother said hey in an insulted tone while I just snickered. "Hello, Godfather Nick Rogers." Anna replied to Nick's confusion about her. Nick's eyes went wide at that. "Anna?" "In the flesh, or Shadows if you will. I still don't have good control over it. Yes, I've been following the stuff you've been telling me." Anna's body and clothes turned into shadows before turning back. "Sin, if you don't shut up I am going to kill you. I don't care if Nyx ordered you to follow me, that doesn't mean you have to annoy the Hades out of me. Well you tell Erebus to go take it to my Father." "Umm….Anna, are you feeling ok?" I asked as I looked at her. "Oh, I'm fine." "Than why are you talking to yourself?" "Sin is a Shadow Warrior that was born around the Time I first transformed into Shadow Warrior mode." Anna clarified when she saw the looks of confusion on our faces. "When I turn into a shadow." "Ok…." "One of my Father's titles is Father of The Shadow Warriors. I am the first Shadow Warrior, Sin is the eldest of all the Shadow Warriors." "Ok, next question. Ms. Jackson." "Yes?" "Umm...where was my Father born?" Anna asked the question Thalia was going to asked. "Just outside of Moscow, Russia. Why do you ask?" "In order to bring my Father back I need to go to the place he was born at. There is the place to bring him back and free him from the cell that rest upon my neck." "Hey Anna?" "Sister." "When did you get a tattoo?" Eizze asked. "I never got one, why are you asking this question?" "Because you have a Tattoo of black veins going up your neck." Anna gained a look of panic and terror. "Did you say Black Veins?" "Yeah, they're going from below the caller to the bottom of your eye's. Why are you asking me this?" Instead of answering, Anna bolted off and closed the door to Percy's old room. "I'll go see what's wrong with her." Lily said as she jogged off to the door to go into Percy's old room. When the door opened, Lily was grabbed by the shirt and pulled into the room. "I guess they'll come out when whatever they're doing is over." Ice said with a worried tone. Something's wrong, Ice never shows any emotion of any kind. "You know what's happening to her, don't you." I said with a 'You'd better answer me' Tone. "And you better not lie to us." Thalia said as lighting gathered in her hands. "Percy didn't tell me very much about the subject of the Black veins. He only told me that I am to bring Anna to him as fast as I can, and to make sure she does not use her powers. That's all he told me." Ice explained. "I guess that will have to do for now. I wonder what it is that made her bolt off like that? I guess she'll tell us when she's ready." I muttered. Lily's Pov Inside Percy's old room "Anna, what's wrong? And why are you completely naked?" I asked as I looked away trying not to get a nosebleed from seeing her without her clothes. "Lily, I need your eyes, I need you to trace the veins that are covering my body." Anna said, not caring that she was going to be touched in places no one should touch but herself. "Ok…" I muttered as I started to trace the lines on her back. They started on her lower back, very close to her ass. I followed the lines all the way down her legs and back up to the back of her neck, where the lines vanished within her hair. "Those are all the lines on your back side." "Now, trace the veins that cover my chest and anywhere ." 'I wonder if knows how much she's torturing me right now.' I thought to myself as I traced the veins. "Think you Lily." Anna said in a grim tone as soon as I was done tracing the veins that marked her body. "Now are you going to tell me what all of this is about?" I asked, very worried about her. "...I'm slowly dying." "..." I couldn't speak, so I just waited for her to explain everything. "These marks that have appeared on my body are just the first signs. When the veins cover all of my body I will begin to feel the effects kick in. The first effect is that I will always be tired. this effect will last about one week before the second effect kicks in, that effect is pain. I will be in a lot of pain for about three weeks. The final effect is death." "How do we stop it." "We free my Father." "Why do we need to free him?" "Do you know why I'm always by his side, no matter where he goes?" "I thought it was because he was overprotective." "He trust me not to make foolish mistakes. No, his Aura keeps these effects at bay because I have no Aura of my own. That is the way all children of the night and darkness are born. My Father's Aura appeared after three years of being with Nyx, than he lived with Grandma for the rest of his childhood. I was not able to get my own Aura be for Kronos hit me with a time spell that aged me to be sixteen years old. I'm only about two years old, really." "So we have about four weeks till you die?" I asked "Basicly." "Is there any way to slow it down?" "Yeah, there is a way." "That might be what." "If I stop fight for a while and focus on changing the drain of my Aura, I could add about half a week max." "What if you were to 'feed' off of someone else's Aura?" "Whoever would volunteer for that would be in for some pain." "Then 'feed' off my Aura, I'll take the pain." I told her, not wavering at all. "Fine, but if I am to 'feed' off your Aura, it may be uncomfortable for you." "How so?" "I need to kiss you for as long as I am 'feeding' off your Aura because I am not as familiar with your Aura as I am with my dads." I gave her a simile "It's not going to be uncomfortable at all Anna." I told her, what I didn't say is that I would enjoy it, alot. I closed my eyes and waited for Anna to kiss me, hoping I wouldn't react in any kind of way. I think life hates me, I really do, because the moment Anna's lips met mine I did not feel the pain Anna said I would feel, only pure bliss. I knew why I felt this, I just didn't want Anna to know about the feelings I felt for her. Without thinking or realizing what I was doing, I kissed Anna back. It wasn't until Anna pulled away did I realize what I had just done. "Lily….thank you" Anna muttered to me. "Your welcome." I replied, not looking her in the eye's. I took a glance at her. "Anna, the black veins, their a light Grey now." "Good, that means I am able to 'feed' off of your Aura. I know have about two months worth of Aura if I don't use my Powers, and one month if I do." "Don't forget Anna, you still have me, so don't be afraid to use your power freely, I can just give you more of my Aura at any time." "I'll remember that." Sarafine's Pov Realm of Light "Lady Nyx, how long till I can return to the Earth?" I asked the woman who has been at my side for the past six years. "Only a year left to go, you need to finish your training first." Nyx said as she walked towards me. "Now, lets see how far you've come. Attack me." Percy's Pov Inside the gem I watched from the prison