My name is Andreas Samson. And I am the son of Hercules. OK let's backtrack a bit here. Now as I previously mentioned, my name is Andreas – but people usually call me Andre – Samson. And I have no clue that I am the son of Hercules, not yet anyway. I was once again speeding away from another town, another home. Well not me but my mom, but you get the point. Surfeit to say that this was nothing new to me, after all this will be the seventh town in seven years that we've moved from. However this time was different, more... heavy, if that makes any sense. Usually when we leave a place it's because of my mom's work. She's a free lance fitness instructor or whatever heck that's supposed to mean. Like for real, what does that even mean. I'm starting to think that it's just a cover. Like, maybe she's some kinda corporate spy or something. At least that's a more logical reason. Anyway I'm going off track so, like I said, we're moving again. Only this time it didn't feel like we were moving, it felt like we were running. And I mean running for our very lives kinda of running. I'd never seen my mom this freaked out before. Her eyes looked about ready to jump out of their sockets as she floored the gas pedal. Muttering about getting to the long island sound the whole time we've been in the car. Which is two days now by the way, we've only stopped for gas, food, bathroom breaks and sleep. And not very long on either of them at that. Was I scared, ya damn right I was scared. My mother looked like she just skydived into wacko country. And, feel free to call me crazy here, but I swear it felt like we were being followed. There's only so much nerve grinding suspense that a thirteen year old can take, and I was at my limit. "Mom, what's wrong. Why did we have to leave so suddenly?" At the time that was the only thing I wanted to know. Why did we have to leave, why couldn't I even say goodbye to my friends. A look of anger flashed across her face as she spared a sideways glance at me. Wait, was this my fault? Did I do soothing bad... again? "I told you never to show your strength like that ever again Andre. Why didn't you listen to me? Now I have to send you away." She whispered and it felt like something inside me broke when she said those words. So this was my fault, but how, why. I racked my brain trying to remember what I'd done. But my thoughts were as fleeting as the scenery zooming by outside the window. I heard my mom sigh and looked over to her. She had this saddened – almost pained – expression on her face. "I'm sorry baby; I didn't mean it the way it sounded. It's just that it's, well, complicated." She apologized; suddenly a memory came to mind. "Is this because of the thing I did at the gym?" The look of fright in her eyes was all the answer I needed. She didn't respond for nearly an hour. Then she pulled off the road into the lot of a roadside motel. We didn't get out; mom insisted we had to sleep in the car because she wanted to be able to move as soon as we woke up. She cut the engine and gripped the steering wheel with both hands. Breathing in and out slowly before she turned to face me. "It's precisely because of that Sweetie." She said as she took my hands in hers. "Andre, you are a very special boy, more special than you can ever imagine. It's the reason we've moved so much, why I tell you not to show your strength. You are your father's son after all." OK, starting to panic a bit now. What the heck is that supposed to mean. It sounds way too ominous. "Think about it. Haven't you ever wondered why you can do the things you can do." I'll admit she had a point, I mean. Once when I was nine she took me to a museum, I know not that special, what was special was ancient when we took the Greek exhibit. When the curator had given the description of some text on a clay vase I ended up correcting her. The woman looked at me stunned, asking me how I could know that. I didn't get to answer because mom rushed me out saying she had an important appointment that just came up. "There's a reason you can read ancient Greek, a reason you're as strong as you are. Even you're ADHD and Dyslexia are gifts given to you." OK that one was a bit too much for me to swallow. "Really mom, not being able to read a straight sentence or being able to sit still for five minutes, is a gift. I fine that a little hard to believe." She rolled her eyes. "That's beside the point. Trust me, when the time comes, they will be, especially with where you'll be going." Her voice was nearly hollow when she spoke. "Whoa, wait, mom. There's no need to send me away." I was full on panicking now. "W-we can just move again right. I promise I won't do it again, whatever it was that I did." Why was she talking like this, was what I did really that bad. I mean it was just a stupid dare. Flashback "Hey Little Samson, come over here for a sec." One of the guys at the gym waved me over the moment I walked in. It was my routine, after school I always went to the gym my mom worked at. So I got to know the staff and regulars really well. And because of my body build – which far surpassed a regular thirteen year old – they started calling me little Samson. I know, the irony right. "Hey listen, we're gonna pull a little prank on yer mom and we want your help." You ever got the felling you just walked into a trap. Well that's what it felt like when I made my way over to them and saw their greeting smiles. Man, talk about creepy. "So what can I help you guys with?" I asked Ted. Don't let the name fool you, Ted was a burly guy. At 6'2 and 270 pounds he wasn't a guy you wanted to piss off. But with that said he was actually a nice guy, hence the nickname "Teddy". Plus he had a bizarre love of tank tops, like seriously, it's as if he never went anywhere without one on. "OK so get this, see the dead man left over there. Here's the plan, when your mom comes in, you go and lift it over your head. It'll totally freak her out." The three men snickered together, yeah that wasn't creepy at all. "Wait a minute, doesn't that thing weigh six hundred pounds. How the heck am I supposed to lift that?" They snickered in creepy unison again. "Oh don't worry about it; the weighs are fake so it should be no prob." Teddy explained and I could somewhat picture it. Since I was small – well smaller – I'd been unusually strong. So mom never let me use any of the equipment at her work, which just made me kind of eager to do the prank. So when my mom walked in I dashed over and pick up the dead lift, putting it over my head – which actually felt a little heavy. I shouted for my mom's attention and when she looked over I lost all enthusiasm. Her face just went pale, like dead person pale. And then without warning and faster than I thought possible she grabbed me and dashed out the building and into the car. She gunned the engine and we were out of town by nightfall. End of Flashback "Sweetie that wasn't a prank you pulling, they were testing you, and you passed it. Those weighs that they had you lift; they were real weighs honey, not fake. When you lifted them you inadvertently used the power deep inside you, the power of your father. That's why I had to get you out of there. If they had gotten their hands on you, they..." She trailed off into a stream of tears. I went from panicked, to confused and panicked. "Mom I don't get it, what are you talking about? If who got their hands on me, you're making it sound like I'm not even human." She started looking everywhere in the car, except at me. "Well about that, you see sweetie, you're not human, not entirely anyway." OK, I just went from confused and panicked, to just plain confused. She sighed again. "Do you remember the stories I use to read to you when you were little, about the Greek gods and heroes... and monsters." I nodded. "And do you remember who your favourite was?" she asked sweetly. Of course I remembered, he still was to this day. "Hercules" I said, remembering the insane feats he accomplished but life he had to live. She rubbed the back of my hands gently. "Well, sweetheart, those were more than just stories. I was trying to teach you about your heritage, albeit discretely." My head was swimming now, and in no particular direction at that. "Mom I don't get it, what are you talking about?" She gripped my hands tightly "Listen to me carefully Andre; you are the son of a god, you are a demigod. And those men at the gym were not men, they were monsters. And they despise the children of the gods. If the catch you, they will kill you, do you understand me." All I could do is nod; my brain was on temporary leave. "Now there is a place, a very special place for children just like you. Your father told me to take you there." Now I was the one gripping her hands, after all, she told me that my father had died. "What, what do you mean he told you to." At that moment there was a deafening roar. Mom's face went ashen as she pulled her hands away and brought the engine to life again. She tore out the parking lot and back onto the road like a bat outta hell. Or more like a desperate mother trying to protect her child. "I just have to get you to the camp and then they won't be able to touch you. By right I should have taken you last year but I stubbornly held onto you. And now I could lose you forever." Oh man she was crying again, but I had bigger concerns. "Mom, who's my father, tell me, please." She wiped her eyes and squared her shoulders, an air of regal pride about her. "Andre you already know who your father is. After all, he is your favourite." She smiled at me knowingly. Favourite, no way she's serious, that would mean that I'm the son of "Hercules." She nodded proudly at me. "Yes you are. You Andreas Samson are the first born demigod son of the Greek god of strength and heroes, and the grandson of Zeus, king of Greek gods and lord of the sky. You ever had the feeling that something was so unbelievable that you just wanted to laugh. And I mean laugh loud and hard in hysterical kinda way. But I held it in, mostly because I did believe her. She continued the story with this far off and longing look in her eyes. "Your father was the strongest man I had ever met." Well duh that's what he was known for. "He was tall and olive skinned with