Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Peace Disclaimer: all characters and copyright belong to Stephanie Meyer. Part One Bella gazed up at Edward's radiant face, he was the happiest she had ever seen him. His eyes were bright, his hair perfectly styled. The morning suit he wore only accentuated his handsome features. The material was expensive and well cut and Bella thought he looked suave and sophisticated. As if in a dream she heard the registrar speaking, saying the words that would unite them for as long as they lived, or in this case, for eternity. Her feet were aching in the designer high heeled shoes that she was wearing for the occasion. She longed to kick them off and stand in her bare feet, but she would endure the discomfort. She would endure everything to be with the man she adored beyond all reason. They had fought hard to get here; sacrificed a lot to be able to stand opposite each other, holding hands, so they could exchange their vows in front of a crowd of well wishers. This was Bella's moment, the moment where she was declaring to the world, to fate, to whatever gods had brought them together, that this was what she longed for. "And before we join this man and this woman in holy matrimony is there any reason that may impede their union, may you speak now or forever hold your peace..." Edward smiled serenely at Bella as they both laughed quietly. What could possibly tear them apart now? The moment's silence ticked by as the registrar waited for the required time for anyone to protest. He was just about to continue speaking when there was a commotion at the back of the aisle. Horrified gasps from the guests made Bella twist her head round, a frown marring her forehead as she tried to see what was going on. She heard Edward curse under his breath as he saw what she could not. "Damn him, he promised me he would stay away if I allowed you to see him after the ceremony." Bella turned anxiously back to Edward. What did he mean? She heard someone call out and her heart lodged in her throat as she recognised the voice. She didn't have time to look again as Edward gently pulled her behind him out of harm's way. The registrar was standing at his post, his book of notes in front of him, one hand raised as he watched the tall, well built Native American sprint toward the bride and groom. The groom's family were running after him trying to pull him back, but he managed to evade them. The guests were all whispering to each other in excitement. Bella stared around Edward and sought the man who was coming toward her, a determined expression on his face. She hadn't seen him for weeks; he looked slightly thinner and his hair had been cut again, although clumsily. He was wearing an open necked white shirt and jeans as he charged toward her. "Jacob." She whispered, her hand flying to her mouth as he reached the top of the aisle and stood before Edward, his face grim. "What do you think you're doing?" Edward hissed at him. "I am speaking out." Jacob was breathing deeply. His eyes looked wild as he threw his arm out, gesturing toward the congregation. "I am going to stop this farce. I won't remain silent any longer, bloodsucker. I'm going to tell them what you really are." "Then you expose yourself and all those you love." Edward warned him. "Don't be a fool. Bella will never forgive you." Jacob glanced over at Bella who was huddled behind Edward, her arms had slipped around her waist as she looked back at him in despair. "I have to." He said to her, ignoring Edward completely. "No you don't. Please Jake stop now." Bella choked out. "Don't do this." "You've left me no choice." Jacob's voice was steady. "Don't ruin my life." She pleaded with him. "I am saving your life." He retorted. "Even if you hate me for the rest of your life I will do this, as long as you are breathing and your heart beating then it's worth it." Tears began to leak out of Bella's eyes as she watched Edward glare at Jacob then hurriedly whisper something to the registrar. He then turned to Bella, sadness surrounding him like a cloak. His former radiant expression was extinguished and she could tell that he was already withdrawing from her. "Edward no." Bella reached out for his hand but he avoided her and turned to the guests who were still staring at them all with morbid fascination. "I am sorry everyone but due to unforeseen complications the wedding is off. Please have the courtesy not to ask any questions. If you would all like to retreat to the gardens, food has been laid on, help yourselves." Edward called out. The guests began to whisper again as the other members of the Cullen family ushered them away toward the gardens. Soon it was only Bella, Edward and Jacob left. Bella was sobbing quietly. She felt Edward kiss her forehead gently with his cold lips. "I am sorry my love." He apologized. Bella stared up at him through tear filled eyes. He looked as distraught as she felt. Jacob on the other hand was standing apart, his arms crossed, and a stoical expression on his handsome face. In that instance he seemed just like Sam. Bella tore her eyes from Edward and gazed at Jacob with hurt in her eyes. In all the time she had known him he had never done something that would deliberately hurt her, but now he had. She swallowed thickly and turned away from him; lifting the skirts of her wedding dress high she kicked off her suffocating shoes and began to run away. She never looked back... Four years later: Bella looked around the apartment that had been her home for the last four years. She had been content here. It had been peaceful. The last four years had been spent studying hard for her English degree. Just yesterday she had graduated with full honors. She was now qualified to teach anywhere that she wanted. She glanced at the cards full of well wishes. The one on the top was written in fine script. Edward always had lovely penmanship. Bella picked up the ornate card and read the contents for the second time. To my beautiful Bella, I always knew that you would succeeded in whatever you chose to do. You have excelled even beyond your wildest dreams. I hope you have been happy these last few years. I have missed you greatly, but have respected your wishes and stayed away from you just as you requested. I hope sending you this card is not breaking the rules. Every day that I have been apart from you has been spent in agony. I miss you greatly my darling and hope that now you will permit me to see you once again, so that I can look upon your lovely face. Yours, Edward "Oh Edward." Bella sighed sadly as she wiped away a tear. She closed the card and put it carefully back on the table. Her fingers reached out for the next one. This one was simpler. She picked it up and scanned the contents. Always knew you could do it, Bells. Love, Your Jacob X Bella stared at the card for a long moment. She hadn't expected to hear from him at all. She had told her father firmly not to give Jacob Black her address, but it seemed like he had gone against her wishes, but then again he always had when it came to Jacob. He treated him like the son he never had, so of course he would have caved in. It had been four years since she had seen either of them. Bella had not been back to Forks since she had packed her bags on her aborted wedding day and left everything and everyone she loved behind. The only people who knew where she had gone were her father, her mother, Renee, and Edward. Although she had placed Edward under strict instructions not to contact her except in an emergency. The card with the heartbreaking message had been the first time he had done so in all the time she had been at the university studying. Bella picked up his card again. What was she supposed to do now? It had been so long since she had seen his face that she was frightened to risk contacting him. She had changed irrevocably over the last few years and she knew that he would have remained the same. She supposed Jacob too would be different. He may not age in the normal sense but he was still human and would have matured just as she had. She refused to dwell on her former friend. Bella didn't understand why he had sent her the card and signed it your Jacob ; he had never been hers to begin with. Perhaps he was being sarcastic, no, that wasn't who Jacob was. He had been her friend when she had badly needed one throughout those dark months that Edward had been absent from her life. Now they were both gone. Bella swept the cards into the last of the packed boxes and taped down the lid. It was time to go. She glanced around her small apartment one last time, and picking up the box, she left, locking up after herself before heading to her truck. "Baby girl." Renee hugged Bella tightly before she even got through the door. "Hey mom." Bella smiled weakly as she hugged her back. "Come on in. Phil is in the kitchen cooking us both a feast." Renee trilled. "Awesome." Bella glanced into the open plan kitchen and waved to her stepfather. He had a towel thrown over his shoulder. He wiped his hands on it before waving back at her. "Was it a tiring drive?" Renee asked as she linked arms with her daughter. "So, so. It gave me time to think." Bella sat down next to her mother and gazed around the house. It was all open plan, the living room led into the kitchen, only separated by a high arch. The patio doors led out onto a small garden with a pool out at the back. The house was small, but had a stunning view of the beach. The sea looked azure blue as the blazing sun shone down on the water and tinted it pretty colors. "It's beautiful here." "I know." Renee said happily. "The rent is high but so worth it." "It feels peaceful." Bella patted her mothers hand fondly. "Oh it is. You'll love it." Renee assured her. "Mom, I told you I am not staying more than a week. I'm only here to figure out my options before moving on." Bella reminded her. "We'll see." Renee hugged her again. "By the way Charlie called earlier. He wants you to ring him back." "Oh." Bella bit her bottom lip. "Did he say what he wanted?" "To congratulate you. He's still feeling miffed that you wouldn't let him come to the graduation ceremony. He was hurt, Bella." Renee studied her daughter carefully as Bella hung her head. "I didn't want any fuss. It was enough that you and Phil were there." She mumbled. "He is your father, baby girl." Renee said gently. "He loves you and I know he has missed you greatly since you left. Are you ever going to open up about what happened that day? Huh?" Bella shook her head. "I don't want to talk about it. I want to forget all about my time in Forks." She stated adamantly. "I am not that Bella anymore." "What about those two handsome young men you left behind? Heard from them?" Renee would not give