Lost Disclaimer; all characters and copyright belong to SM. A/N-set twelve months after Bella's marriage to Edward in BD. Chapter One Bella sat at the breakfast bar and slowly ate her cornflakes. She let a swathe of hair fall forward to shield her face from Edward. He was watching her eat with a half-smile on his face. Bella always felt awkward eating in front of any of the family. They didn't mean to but their intense scrutiny made her uncomfortable. She had finally mentioned it to Edward, and as he always did, he immediately set out to correct anything that made her unhappy. He banished the others from the room whenever Bella was eating, although he remained. "Are you enjoying that, love?" Edward asked as he reached out to gently loop her hair behind her ear so he could see her face. He loved just watching her. She was so beautiful. He could sit there all day never moving, just studying every minute facial expression. He found anything Bella did absolutely fascinating. It had been a year to the day since they had married and he was more in love with his wife than ever. "I can get you something else if the cereal doesn't satisfy you. Your wish is my command." "This is fine." Bella replied curtly. She saw Edward's face fall and she sighed softly. She hadn't meant to be short with him. "I'm sorry. I didn't sleep well." "I know." Edward grazed her cheek with the back of his hand. The fine hairs on her skin prickled at his touch. "You were having another nightmare." His golden brown eyes darkened with sadness. "I am so sorry, my love." Bella's fingers shook as she dipped her spoon into the bowl. She didn't want to talk about her bad dreams. She was a sleep talker which meant Edward would have been a witness to it as he lay wide awake beside her. "I'm okay." She rushed to reassure him. She hoped to appease him quickly before he fell into his usual melancholic mood. He always blamed himself for her nightmares. "I really am." She said hastily as she noticed his frown deepen. It was too late. Edward began to withdraw from her. "This is my fault." He lamented. "I had hoped after some time had passed that the bad dreams would fade." His voice was thick with regret. "I did this to you. If not for my reckless actions…." Edward paused, reaching out to take Bella's free hand in his own. He raised it to his lips and pecked the palm of her hand lightly. "I love you so much." "I know you do." Bella said quietly. Edward's expression became more sorrowful. "You are too forgiving. I don't deserve your devotion. I really don't." He lowered his eyes to their joined hands. "But I am eternally grateful for it." He would be a good performer on stage. Bella pushed the traitorous thought from her mind before it could take root. She was just tired and feeling a little aggravated. She gently slipped her fingers out of his cold grasp and slipped off the stool. "I am going to take a shower." "You haven't finished your breakfast." Edward lamented. "You need to eat." "I'm full. I promise." Bella smiled at him weakly before she hastily left the spacious kitchen. The shower was the only place she could guarantee some privacy. It wasn't like Edward would allow his eyes to settle on her naked body anyway. There was a time and place as he was fond of saying. Bella emitted another sigh as she began to walk up the spiral staircase to their room. "What do you want, Bella?" Rosalie questioned irritably as she pushed herself out from under the car. She had a smudge of oil smearing one cheek, but other than that the cool blonde radiated perfection. Bella always found it fascinating that out of all the hobbies that Rosalie could indulge in, she chose to work on their expensive car collection. Bella had seen her pull apart an engine and put it back together within minutes. She was very skilled and self-taught just like….Bella didn't allow herself to finish that thought. "I was wondering if you need any help." "No." Rosalie said sharply. "Why don't you go and find Alice? I'm sure she's got something more interesting to keep you occupied." "I'm not bored." Bella lied. Rosalie smirked as she flicked her blonde hair to one side. She wasn't fooled. "Of course you are. You are one of us now….well kind of." She drawled. Her golden brown eyes roamed Bella's face and body. "Apart from the beating heart that is." Bella felt her heart flutter in her chest as soon as Rosalie mentioned it. She rubbed her fingers over it absently. "This is what life as a Cullen is like, sweetheart." Rosalie continued with a sardonic smile. "Ninety nine percent utter boredom. You should be happy that at least you can escape the tedium by taking a nap." She slid back under the car effectively ending the conversation. It was lunchtime. Edward was watching her again. Bella chewed her sandwich slowly. The bread felt like ashes in her mouth. She wished Edward would stop staring at her like that. In the past he used to pretend to blink and breathe, but lately he had given up that pretence. He was like a statue of Adonis sitting opposite her. "Don't you need to hunt?" Bella asked hopefully. "Not if it means wasting one second away from you." Edward replied with an endearing smile. He rested his chin on top of his hands as he leaned forward on the table. He sighed contentedly as he watched her eat. "Are you enjoying that?" I would enjoy it much more if you would let me eat in peace , Bella said in her head. Immediately she felt ashamed of herself. What was wrong with her today? Edward loved her. He simply didn't understand the concept of boundaries. He never had. A year ago she found his need to be in her orbit constantly, appealing. But now she was a year older, not so much. "I was thinking of going to see dad." Bella said suddenly. She had broached this subject before, but Edward always shut it down, finding any excuse to put her off. But lately she had been thinking about her father a lot. She missed Charlie…and others. Edward's smile slid off his face. His expression became inscrutable. "Maybe in the fall." He murmured. "Why wait until the fall?" Bella pressed. Now she has started on the subject she wouldn't be swayed. "Isn't summer the best time to go?" "Are you unhappy, my love?" Edward completely changed the subject. His eyes became bleak. "I miss Charlie, Edward." Bella confessed. "Talking to him on the phone every three months isn't enough anymore. I want to see him. He has been begging me to pay a visit for months now." Edward's sadness permeated the room. "If everything had gone according to plan then you wouldn't have been able to see Charlie at all." He looked up at her from under lowered lashes. "We are overdue on trying again." The blood drained from Bella's face. The sandwich caught in her throat and she coughed. Edward panicked and immediately ran to her side and rubbed her lower back. Silently he passed her a glass of water. Bella drank it greedily, relieved when the cool liquid soothed her burning throat. "Are you okay now, love?" Edward's eyes roamed her flushed face anxiously. It was little incidents like this that reminded him how fragile his wife was. "Carlisle is working on an antidote. He is sure he is near a breakthrough." Bella pushed her plate away and stood up. "I need to visit the bathroom." "I'll come with you." "No, Edward…please." Bella held out her hands to ward him off. She tried to ignore the hurt on his face as she turned her back on him and walked away. Rosalie didn't bother to knock she just walked straight in. She found Bella lying curled up on the ridiculously ornate four poster bed that Edward had purchased for their honeymoon night. Bella looked the picture of misery, but she tried to hide it as she raised herself up on one arm and greeted Rosalie. "Edward isn't here." "I know that." Rosalie said testily as she edged further into the room. Her gaze travelled around the old fashioned décor and the ostentatious furniture. Edward always surrounded himself with pieces of his youth. It was like going back in time. "I saw him leave." "Oh." Bella watched the blonde vampire warily. Rosalie never sought her company before. It was usually the other way around. Edward and Alice's company could be suffocating and Bella often used Rosalie as an escape. Rosalie gave Bella a derogatory glance before she flung something on the bed. "I thought you might like this." "You bought me a present." Bella said in wonder as she picked up the sleek black box. "Hardly." Rosalie flipped her hair again irritably. "It's one of my old cell phones. I thought you could use it." Her eyes flicked to Bella's briefly. "You know to ring your dad or whatever. Edward won't know." Bella held the box in her hands. Her eyes welled with tears. She was upset but she couldn't explain why. "Thank you." She whispered, but Rosalie was already gone. The phone rang and rang but there was no answer. It clicked over to her father's answer machine. Normally Bella wouldn't leave a message but hearing her dad's voice at the end of the line, even if it was only a recorded version, made her speak. " Hey, dad it's Bella. I'm sorry I haven't been in touch…." She inhaled sharply as she tried to keep her emotions in check. She didn't want to arouse Charlie's suspicions by sounding upset. She tried to inject a sense of cheeriness in her tone. "Yes…um…I've…I mean we've been busy. How are you? I hope your good…and everyone else too. I just called to say I miss you and…and I promise I'll call again soon. Love you." Bella ended the call. She felt more miserable than ever. She curled up on the bed again and hugged the phone to her chest. She was homesick. She couldn't deny it anymore. She wanted to see her family, to spend some quality time with them. That wasn't such a big thing was it? That's what normal people did. But then her situation was far from normal. Bella felt her eyelids drooping as tiredness set in. She was always tired lately. Before she dropped off she had the foresight to hide Rosalie's cell in the back pocket of her jeans just in case Edward came back from hunting while she slept and discovered it. " How are you feeling?" Carlisle asked solicitously. Bella opened her eyes groggily and peered around the room blearily. She was in Carlisle's study. She was sitting in a leather backed chair with wooden arms. How did she get here? She felt cold fingers skim along her cheekbone followed by an anguished sigh. Bella turned her head to find Edward kneeling next to the chair, his handsome face full of woe. " What happened?" " I came back to find you unconscious on our bed." Edward ghosted his fingers across her face again. "I should never have left you." " I don't understand." Bella tried to get her frazzled brain to work. All she had done was take a nap. She looked toward Carlisle for help. It was only then that she noticed the IV attached to her left arm. Only this drip didn't contain fluids it was filled with venom, Edward's venom. Bella panicked. She tried to rip it out of her arm but Carlisle placed his hand over hers to prevent it. "Take it out." She begged. "Take it out." "