Bittersweet Memories Disclaimer; all characters and copyright belong to SM. A/N-set in BD AU! That's a sick joke. You are joking. What? While you're still human? You can't be serious, Bella. Tell me you're not that stupid! Jacob Black, Breaking Dawn Movie Part One. Chapter One "Jacob, calm down, alright." Edward pulled Bella behind him protectively. Jacob was losing it. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. He stormed toward Edward, fists clenched. "Are you out of your mind? Huh? You'll kill her!" Seth made a grab for him but Jacob shook the young shifter off easily. His dark eyes were burning with rage. He just wanted to kill Edward for what he was planning to do. The bloodsucker was sick. Through the red mist covering his eyes, Jacob saw Bella cowering in the background. How could she be so stupid? His brothers ran out of the surrounding trees. Sam caught hold of him, followed by Paul and Embry. Jacob grappled with them. "Enough, Jacob!" Sam warned him as he continued to use all his strength to pull Jacob away before he began to really attract attention with all his yelling and cussing. "Stay out of this, Sam." Jacob growled. "You're not gonna start something that we have to finish." Sam snapped. "She'll die." Jacob cried in anguish. He managed to shrug Sam off of him but he was immediately replaced with Quil and Jared. Jacob continued to struggle but in vain. "She's not our concern anymore." Sam said quietly as his gaze drifted toward the newlyweds. Bella was crying; her eyes fixated on Jacob. Sam sighed heavily as he motioned for his pack to leave. "Let's go Seth." He ordered Seth as he watched the youngest member of the pack hesitate. Seth had forged an odd friendship with Edward Cullen after the two had fought together during the newborn battle. He was the only pack member to be invited to the wedding. Seth still didn't move. He looked between Edward, and then back at Jacob, who was still fighting as his brothers dragged him away. An indefinable expression crossed Seth's face. His mouth turned down and his fists clenched. "Let's go, Seth!" Sam said again. "You should go, Seth." Edward urged him. "I'm sorry it came to this." It was Edward's words which ignited the touch paper of Seth's anger. His whole frame shuddered. "You're going to kill her." He accused. "It's not like that." Edward implored. He looked pained for a second as he glanced back at Bella who was still sobbing. "I would never hurt her." "But you're going to take the risk. That's not love." Seth muttered. Suddenly, before anyone could react, he charged Edward. "Shit." Sam cursed as he ran after the young shifter. Edward had already read the intent in Seth's mind. He was astonished at this abrupt change in Seth's mood. He darted out of Seth's way, but this only resulted in the youngster colliding with Bella instead as he was unable to control his forward momentum. The two of them fell to the ground, with Bella crying out in fright as the wind was pushed out of her body. Seth managed to roll away from her at the last moment before his greater weight crushed her, but the back of Bella's head hit the hard ground knocking her out cold. Voices were coming from far away. Bella moaned in the back of her throat. Her head was aching. She opened her eyes, trying to focus them. But her vision swam and she was forced to close them again. Any second now she was going to vomit. "Bella, love, please talk to me." She didn't recognise the voice. It was smooth, like velvet. "Get out of the way, bloodsucker." This voice was deeper, rough around the edges. Its owner sounded angry. "Give her room to breathe." This was a female. "Wake up, Bella." She said harshly. Bella felt moisture well under her closed lids. She didn't want to open her eyes. The motion sickness would affect her again and she would definitely throw up. The thought made her throat burn. But her lids were thrust open against her will. Bella moaned as bright light hit them. A face swam into view. It was the female. She was quite attractive apart from the scowl and the narrowed eyes. Her bobbed hair was cut to her lower jaw. She flicked it away from her face as she glared down at Bella. "Get up, girl. It was only a bump on the head." Suddenly Bella felt herself being hauled upright. The male voices began to protest. There seemed to be more than the two she had heard before. The unknown female steadied her, one muscled arm fixed firmly around Bella's slim waist. "I feel sick." "Jeez." The other girl rolled her eyes. "Just get it over with." "Pass her to me, Lee." There was that deep male voice again. Bella tried to raise her head to look at him but her vision blurred. She began to heave before puking all over her wedding gown. "This is your fault, Black." The velvety voice snarled. "Bella, my love. It's Edward. I'm here. It's okay." "Back off." The girl called Lee snapped. "Let her get her bearings." "She's my wife." The smooth voice protested. Wife? What was he talking about? She shuddered against Lee before resting her head on the girl's shoulder. "God, you stink of puke." Lee complained as her nose wrinkled in disgust. "Bells…Bells…." There was that deep voice again. Bella raised her head and peered blearily in front of her. She forced her eyes to focus. There were several people swarming around her. Apart from the girl called Lee, the others were all male. She stared at them. They were all so tall, well over six feet. Had she stumbled on a group of bodybuilders? Their muscles bulged as they moved. In the midst of them was another male. His complexion was as white as snow. He was more willowy than the bodybuilders. He was dressed in a morning suit of all things. Was she at a wedding? Ah, maybe the bodybuilders were the entertainment. The pale faced dude was arguing with one of the bodybuilders. Bella's brow wrinkled as she focused all her attention on him. He was so mad he was literally shaking with anger. She was fascinated by the graceful way he moved for someone of his height. He towered over the guy dressed in the morning suit. Bella wondered if he was going to throw a punch. She wouldn't mind staying around to watch the end result. The pale faced guy sounded like a right whinger. "I'm so sorry, Bella." One of the bodybuilders stood in front of her. He looked younger than the others. His sweet face was so sad. Bella twisted her head around to see who the boy was talking to. There was no one behind her. "Are you okay?" The boy continued in concern. "What? Me?" Bella slurred. She gave him a goofy smile. "Yes, all good." "Um…guys I don't think Bella is feeling well." Suddenly everyone swarmed around her again. The white faced guy was in her face, his expression stricken. He was shoved to one side by the bodybuilder he had been arguing with. Bella was pleased about this. It meant she got a closer look at him. "I hope you're not the groom." She teased, winking. She noted his white shirt; open at the neck, and just giving a hint of his tan skin and rippling muscles underneath. She peered up at him as she swayed against Leah. A vague image surfaced in her frazzled mind. She saw herself dancing with the guy, a happy smile plastered on her face. "Bells, are you alright?" "She's finally cracked." Lee said sarcastically. "Darling." The white faced guy appeared in her line of sight again, cutting off her view of the handsome bodybuilder. Bella sighed heavily. "I'm going to get Carlisle to check you over." He said anxiously. "You received quite a blow to the head." "My head." Bella raised her hand and it flopped into her hair. She rubbed the crown of her head and winced as a sharp pain shot through her skull. "Can someone get me a drink?" She begged. "NO." The white faced guy was appalled. "That won't help." "Stop trying to control everything she does. If Bells wants a drink let her have one." Bella was faced with the bodybuilder's muscular chest. Now this view was much better. His chest was very familiar. The same image from earlier popped in her head. She was certain she had been dancing with this guy. Maybe he was her boyfriend. Bella slanted her eyes and looked at the attractive girl called Lee. "He doesn't belong to you, does he?" She checked. "Ugh, as if." Lee pulled a face. "He's all yours." "He is." Bella's face lit up as if all her Christmases had come at once. "I thought so." She tapped the bodybuilder guy on the chest. "Hey handsome, wanna dance." "Bells." The bodybuilder ducked his head and peered into her eyes. There was a glimmer of a smile on his face. "Are you feeling okay?" Bella looked around again. Who the hell was this Bells? She better not be a rival. Her eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Who's Bells?" She demanded. "You are." The bodybuilder said in confusion. "Jake, it might be a good idea to get her checked by the vamp doctor." One of the other bodybuilders suggested warily. So his name was Jake. "Cool name." Bella tapped him on the chest. "Thanks." The guy called Jake looked deeply into her eyes. Bella was mesmerised. She could feel herself drooling. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and tried to look sexy. It didn't seem to work because the Jake guy just seemed bemused. "Jeez, Bells, what's going on in that head of yours?" "Wouldn't you like to know, Jake?" Bella pursed her lips and closed her eyes. "Enough." Bella grumbled as she opened her eyes to be faced with the white faced whiner. Why did he keep getting in the way? "Can you stand aside, please? You are spoiling my view." "Love, you're not well." The white faced whiner said hastily. "It's me, Edward. Your husband ." That drained Bella's good mood. She froze, head spinning. He was joking, right? Had he really said husband. Her stricken gaze drifted to the guy called Jake. His dark eyes were blazing again. "But Lee said you belonged to me." She whispered. "She has definitely lost it." Lee interjected sarcastically. She turned to face the young guy who had addressed Bella earlier. "Well done, bro. That bump on the head you gave her has finally driven her insane." "Physically she seems fine." Carlisle Cullen finished his examination. "But mentally I think she may be suffering a mild concussion resulting in temporary memory loss." "Oh Bella." Edward tried to embrace her but Bella scooted away from him, pressing her back against the wall. She watched Edward pinch the bridge of his nose in frustration. She had taken off the ruined wedding gown and was now dressed in hospital scrubs. "I'm sorry, darling." He continued in a gentler tone. "We will get through this. We've fought harder battles then this and come out smiling." Bella had no idea what the dude was talking about. This Edward guy couldn't be her husband. He so wasn't her type. This was all a prank. She was convinced of it. "Where are the bodybuilders?" She asked shakily. "Bodybuilders?" Carlisle questioned. "Edward, what is she talking about?" "The dogs." Edward muttered. "She's convinced that Black is her boyfriend or something." "How unfortunate?" Carlisle said awkwardly. "He was the last person she actually saw I suppose. Her memories have become muddled." "What am I supposed to do?" Edward complained. God, this guy was a complete whiner. Bella sighed dramatically as she slid off