Back to the Beginning Disclaimer; all characters and copyright belong to SM. Set in Eclipse initially. AU of course! Prologue She was mad. Looking into Victoria's fiery red eyes cemented this for Bella. Her curly red hair blew wildly around her face, her feline features, distorted with rage, sent Bella's heart careering wildly in her chest. In the distance she could see Edward and Seth fighting Victoria's companion. Poor Riley, duped by his red headed lover into fighting for a cause that he wasn't invested in, had learned the truth. He had been used. But it was too late. Even with this sickening knowledge he tried to fight for his very existence. He lashed out wildly at Seth, winding the young shifter and sending him spiralling to the ground. Bella felt tears prick at her eyes as Victoria crouched low like a cat coiled to spring. She laughed cruelly, her eyes flicking to Edward, who was still trying to finish Riley. Bella was alone, unprotected, left to the mercy of her redheaded tormentor. Edward had failed, miserably. Bella closed her eyes. She would rather not see her slayer's satisfaction as she ripped her to shreds in front of Edward's eyes. She couldn't bear to see the agony on his face as he watched her die right in front of him. Bella dug her nails into her palms, drawing blood. She raised her chin defiantly, waiting. Then there was a sibilant hiss like a snake close to her ear. Bella kept her eyes squeezed shut. There was a whimper from Seth's wolf. There was a rush of air, cold fingers gripping her upper arms, then pain, so acute, seared through her head. Bella cried out, her eyes unintentionally flaring open as she lay broken against the rock. Blackness consumed her vision. All she could see was the vibrant red of Victoria's hair as the vampire bent down and whispered something in her ear. "Go back." Then nothing…. "Bella, did you hear what I said." The blackness dissipated. Bella found herself standing in her own driveway, next to her old truck. The iron monster felt cold under her touch as she rested her hand on the hood. Edward was beside her, his expression inscrutable. Bella stared at him, confused, disorientated. Was she dead? "Bella, come for a walk with me." Edward took her hand, his fingers lightly holding hers. He was acting as if her touch burned. It was like the early days of their relationship all over again. Him afraid to touch her in case he couldn't control his urges. "Why?" Bella asked. She shook her head, gazing at him. Her eyes finally wandering from his beautiful face, examining the clothes he was wearing. Edward never wore the same clothes twice, but these, these she had seen once before. They were burned in her memory. It was the same light grey shirt, unbuttoned to reveal a white t-shirt underneath, teamed with dark blue jeans that he had worn the day he had left her alone in the woods, citing that he didn't love her anymore, and that he, along with his whole family, were leaving Forks forever. "Just come." Edward tugged lightly on her hand, motioning for her to follow. "NO." The refusal came out louder than she intended. There was no way she was going to relive this moment again. She saw a flicker of bemusement cross Edward's Adonis like features. Bella never denied him what he wanted, ever. This was new. "Whatever you need to say, say it here, right here." She continued through gritted teeth. This was hell. She was dead and this was her punishment, to relive the most painful moment of her human life. Edward recovered his poise quickly. "Bella, we won't go far." "Really?" Bella spat. She rarely spoke to Edward in this tone. The old anger at his abandonment of her was resurfacing. She couldn't stifle it. "I think you are intending to go very far away." "What?" There was the uncertainty in his voice again. Edward, so self-assured, so cocky and a little arrogant when he was reading other people's minds, couldn't read hers. Bella felt a little satisfaction at this, but it didn't stop the hurt. "Bella, I don't…" "You're going away. You're leaving." Bella snapped at him. She saw his eyes widen in surprise. "You're a coward, Edward." She had never spoken these words before; she had thought them, many times. Upon his return she had wanted to scream and rage at him, but she never had, always so afraid to lose him again. But this, this was different. It wasn't real. This was going on in her damaged head somehow. She could say what she wanted now. "Instead of staying and facing the consequences, you're running away." Angry tears pricked at her eyes. "But worst of all you're going to leave me alone to face the aftermath. You're gonna walk me to those woods, cut me off, and then leave me to shrivel and die." "Bella, I…." Edward's face was full of torment. He stared at her, golden eyes unwavering, mouth agape. "Go then." The tears were spilling down her cheeks now. She wanted this scene over with. Bella spun on her heel and ran clumsily toward her house. Edward did not follow. Bella stayed with her back pressed to the front door and knees drawn up to her chest until her limbs grew stiff. Her eyes were sore from crying so much. She was waiting to wake up, anything, but she was still here. She had to move eventually. There was no choice. With her spirit crushed, her heart aching abominably, she opened the front door and stumbled outside. Edward was nowhere to be seen. Bella panicked, the old gaping wound in her chest reopened. She couldn't breathe. She staggered down the porch steps, breathing rapidly. But the air wouldn't fill her lungs. Her chest was tight. Maybe she was dying now. Bella reached her truck, her bleary eyes searching for Victoria. But the vengeful vampire wasn't there. Bella felt so confused. She didn't know what was real and what was not. She wrenched open the door of her truck and climbed inside. The old red Chevy was suddenly the only dependable, solid thing in her world. She started the truck, heart hammering as the loud engine rumbled to life. Whenever she couldn't breathe there was only one person who could push air back into her body. Bella backed out of the drive and headed straight for La Push. Jacob Black was shocked to say the least as he opened his front door to find a sobbing Bella on his doorstep. He stared at her for a moment, drinking her in. He hadn't seen her for weeks. Her rich boyfriend took all of her attention. He pushed his long hair away from his face, peering at her curiously. "Are you okay?" He asked in concern. He reached out a hand to steer a trembling Bella inside, but wasn't prepared when she ran into his arms, tucking her head under his chin. He didn't know what to do. He stood, his arms apart, uncertain whether to wrap them around her or not. "He's gone, Jake." Bella mumbled against his chest. She gripped his shirt with shaking fingers. "I had to go through it again. Victoria, she was attacking. You were gone. I don't understand what's going on." "That kinda makes two of us, Bells." Jacob said, confused. He had finally regained his composure. It was not every day that your dream girl jumped into your arms. He guided her toward the old couch. "You stay right there and I'll get you some water, okay." He patted her on the shoulder awkwardly before he walked slowly toward the kitchen. He kept glancing behind him. Bella had drawn her knees up to her chest. From what he could decipher from her confusing babble, it seemed the rich dude had broken things off. Now that wasn't a bad thing. It was sad that she was upset but the Cullen guy was a tool. Bella deserved better. "Here you go." He said cheerily upon his return. He shoved a cold glass of water toward her. Bella took it from him gratefully and chugged it down. She choked on it, coughing. Jacob quickly grabbed the glass from her before she spilled the water all over herself. "Woah there, missy." Jacob smiled, rubbing Bella's back until her coughing fit eased. "Drink it slowly." "Sorry." Bella took the glass again and listened to his advice. When it was drained she passed it back to him and rested her head on the back of the couch, eyes closed. "I can breathe now. You always know how to make me feel better." "I do?" Jacob scratched the back of his neck, confused again. "My head feels like its spinning." Bella kept her eyes closed as she began to ramble again, trying to make sense of her tangled thoughts. "It must have been when my head hit the rock. None of this is real. I know that." "You hit your head." Jacob was alarmed. He rushed to her side and sat down, feeling her forehead with gentle fingers. She did feel clammy. "Let me take you to the hospital or something. I can't believe you drove here. You could have concussion or something." He was panicking now. That would explain her odd behaviour. He couldn't help but feel a bit disappointed that the reason for her seeking him out was due to a bump on the head. He was enjoying having her talk about him like some kind of hero. "It was Victoria." Bella continued as if he hadn't spoken. Tears began to spill out of her closed lids again. "She's killed me, Jake." "Huh?" Jacob felt bemused. Who was Victoria? "Is that the reason you broke up with your boyfriend, because he went off with this Victoria person?" He asked. "What?" Bella opened her eyes and sat up straighter. She gazed at him, perplexed. "Bells." Jacob said worriedly as he pressed his fingers back to her forehead. It was like a punch to the gut. The thought hadn't occurred to her. This was pre-phase Jacob. Her eyes travelled around his beloved face. His features were so open and innocent. He had no idea what was awaiting him in his future. She had been an idiot. If she was reliving the day Edward left that meant that she and Jacob hadn't actually reconnected yet. He must think she was insane. "I'm so sorry, Jacob." She whispered brokenly. She tried to slip off the couch but he stopped her. "I shouldn't have come here." "Why?" Jacob questioned. "We're like….um…we're cool. I mean um…we're friends. Yeah?" He smiled encouragingly at her, before ducking his head, cheeks reddening under his tan skin the longer she gazed back at him. "I mean we can be, if you want. No pressure." "We were always friends." Bella took his hand and he raised his head again, smiling. "We made mud pies together, right?" "Sure, sure." Jacob's smile became wistful at the memory. Bella swallowed thickly, eyes glistening. He was so sweet and kind. She really shouldn't have come, but she hadn't been able to help herself. When her world imploded he was always the one she ran to seeking comfort. He was looking shy now. So much the teenage boy she remembered before his wolf surfaced and forced him to mature too quickly. She clasped his right hand between hers and stared him straight in the eyes. "I never told you this often enough but you are amazing, absolutely amazing." "Huh?" Jacob was overwhelmed. There she was again, acting oddly. He felt his skin heat up from her compliments. The brief times they had spent together when he accompanied his father on a rare visit to Charlie's house, she had never said anything like this. She was always nice to him, laughing at his lame jokes,