For those at the forefront of discovery, it was known that often one had to disregard his or her morals for the greater good. Wealth. Friendship. Family. These were meaningless foibles, only serving as distractions. Excess wealth beyond the necessities of life did not bring about results; friends only served to bring chaos in an otherwise immaculately ordered life. And family? The bickering of relatives not concerning oneself was not even worth listening to, let alone intervening in. For Amanda Flynn, these thoughts had served her well for years. Her brothers and sisters were dull, preferring to engage in fickle activities such as sports and music to occupy their days and evenings. She preferred to read and ponder about how things worked. She remembered well the day that her eldest brother purchased a car, a simple four-door sedan; while the others were marvelling at the comfortable seats and the ample baggage space, she spent more of her time looking at what was under the hood and wondering how it worked. They poked fun at her for weeks after that, thinking that she was strange for being fascinated by gears and metal. Strange. It was an appropriate enough word to describe her, she supposed. But the opinions of others did not matter to her. What did matter was power; and what better power was there than knowledge? Combustion engines were interesting enough to look at, to dismantle and examine. So were most of the other moving parts that worked. But as she pondered more about the workings of machines, she found herself staring at her hand after a while. Closing and opening it, turning it around, and experimentally prodding at the skin, amazed at how flexible yet tough it was. It was at that point that inspiration struck her, that would set the course for her future. Machines were powerful. Machines were complex. Machines of metal and plastic were everywhere, and yet even they could not satisfy her curiosity. She needed more. She needed to look at the greatest and most complex machinery known to mankind. The machinery of the living body, comprised of trillions of minute cells working in harmony. How it functioned, she did not know; but she knew that at one point, she needed to find out. If simple machines could be so useful, who knew how powerful such a complex machine could be, brought to perfection? And fifteen years later, her ambition and drive bore fruit. Amanda Flynn, a researcher in molecular biology, found her calling. Working on a skunkworks project with an up-and-coming pharmaceutical company to discover the secrets of the human genome, she found herself in her element. The stern red-haired woman found herself striding down sterile white laboratories, supervising experiments that were being conducted. The experiments were proceeding well enough, she supposed; observations came as fast as they could be processed, and groundbreaking results published to the company archives at regular intervals. But it was not fast enough for her. What was the point of observing something already present, if they were not going to improve it? The genome was being mapped at an incredible rate with the amount of funding being channelled into it, but that was all they had done for at least a few years. Mapping. Mapping. And more mapping. Categorically noting down what everything did, what alterations would accomplish, and what problems may arise from the presence or absence of a particular genetic pattern. And it irked her greatly that such knowledge was being treated as purely knowledge, and not wielded for power. The power to create was in her hands. And she would be damned if she allowed the knowledge to simply gather dust in some old library. No, she needed to do something with it. To forge the greatest machine of all. To enhance a human body, from an existing template. It proved immensely difficult to find a suitable donor. Every other scientist that she had spoken to had balked, citing foolish reasons like morals or religion. Finally, in frustration, she decided that if nobody was willing to assist her on this line of research, she would do so herself. After all, she only needed a few cells, and not a limb or two. Cells that she would no longer need, given ten years or so. Under the guise of a larger experiment, Amanda diverted significant funds from their research funds to the creation of a set of prototype artificial wombs, in which she placed heavily-modified embryos. Embryos created from herself and a male donor, one of her junior researchers with a curiously intense interest in the project – and likely the only man that had any interest in it. She projected that the result would be stronger than most other humans; equipped with denser skeletal structure and denser muscle structure, and having already-identified disease-causing genetic material scrubbed. On examining the embryo's genes, however, she found a strange sequence that had not been identified before on one particular female foetus; but dismissing this as variation brought about from her donor's own genetics, she paid it no mind. With Amanda's attention solely focused on the development of her 'children', the rest of the laboratory began to fall into chaos. Research proceeded without direction or vision, with neither tangible results nor theories to show. What results that she could publish were rejected by her peers, who decried her experiments as completely overstepping the bounds of what was ethical, and called for her removal from the company. With great opposition facing her, she was faced with the choice of having the project's funding completely cut off and her efforts redirected, a mere four weeks before the embryos would be considered matured – or having it forcibly terminated, and her position be taken by another scientist. The first option would have been acceptable, given the fact that she could simply retry in the future once her opposition had quieted down again. Yet she found herself unable to sign the paper that would state that she would terminate her experiment. No. Her children. She looked at the six glass pods in front of her, all hooked up to an iron lung and a tank of nutrient fluid. For once in her life, she felt a strange feeling well up in her heart. It was crushing. Cold. Chilling. But what had to be done, had to be done. With a shaky hand, she finally put a blot of ink on the paper and signed it, handing it to the secretary that was hovering over her shoulder. The secretary immediately collected it and flounced off, leaving the mad scientist to her own devices. The experiment was over. It was terminated. With a heavy sigh, she walked up to the tubes and switched off the power, one by one. Fluid drained from the pods, their pumps no longer refreshing their contents, and she turned away, unable to bear watching her work of six months be destroyed. Her life's ambition, extinguished. "I hope that you are satisfied," she hissed spitefully at nobody in particular. Only the faint hum of the research facility's climate control answered back. And then came a plaintive cry from behind her. Muffled. Soft. Weak. But definitely there. Amanda spun around. There was a single pod on the far right side that contained a single baby girl. A girl that was still breathing and crying, no longer suspended by the pod's fluid. She clambered awkwardly onto the pod, trying to access the emergency release on top of it; she slipped and fell with a cry, landing with a loud thump on the concrete floor. "Amanda?" asked a concerned researcher from the hallway just outside her lab, "What's happened to you? Slipped on a soap bar again?" "Very funny, Smith," she grumbled, picking herself up again, "Just go, and lock the door behind you," "Whatever you say, boss," After that, she heard the laboratory door slam closed. The baby in front of her was still crying, but it was steadily growing weaker. Its face was growing bluer with every passing moment. Then, inexplicably, the pod's glass began to crack from within; eyes widening, she reflexively raised her arms to shield her face. And not a moment too soon. Glass shards sprayed in all directions, pelting her and everything else in the room with countless sharp bits of glass. That was impossible , she thought to herself. The glass was rated to resist immense pressures, and there was nothing inside that could have caused such an explosion. That, and the baby was still inside the pod, now sleeping soundly as though nothing had ever happened. Oddly enough, her laboratory coat seemed to have somehow escaped any damage whatsoever. Though the researcher in her realised that this was something that was definitely not normal, Amanda was not about to look a gift horse in the mouth. She needed to take care of the still-alive baby. Carefully avoiding the bits of glass on the floor, Amanda walked over to the sink in the corner and picked up a towel and shaking it out. She grunted as she hefted the baby up from the pod, struggling to wrap it in the towel. Surely the child had to weigh more than twelve pounds, she thought to herself. Then a thought struck her. The company was trying to shut down her line of research, as it was producing no results at great cost. And yet, in her arms, was the result of that experiment. A genetically-modified girl, who seemed to be far heavier than the average newborn; even more when one considered that she was a few weeks early. There was the usual baby fat, to be sure – but no human body was denser than water. Her experiment had succeeded. This girl – her child – was the result of it. Her mouth opened in a silent snarl as she recalled that the company had shut down her research before it could come to full fruition. The other five would likely have been successes as well, had they been allowed to grow to term. They had no faith in her, or her experiment, even after all the months of successes that she had brought before. They did not deserve a result, even if they were looking for one. Glancing over her shoulders, she looked somewhat relieved that whatever had happened with the pod had also smashed the surveillance cameras in the corner. They would be none the wiser if she hid her child and moved it away. Knowledge was power. And what they didn't know, they couldn't have. Spotting a cardboard box that was used to transport papers, she knew she had a way to smuggle the baby out. "Are you sure, Amanda? You're resigning?" "I am positive, Director Ashwood. There is no place for me here," the red-haired woman spoke crisply, crossing her legs. "No longer, at least. My colleagues do not trust in my suggestions, and often it seems that my research is on topics that will serve no benefit in the future. I do not wish my time to be wasted," Director Ashwood, a portly middle-aged man wearing a suit several sizes too small for his growing belly, groaned and cupped his face with his hands. "Your work in the past has been exemplary, barring the one debacle that we are both too well aware of. Are you certain there is nothing more that we can offer you that may change your mind? Perhaps a change of research topics, if that's something that's causing trouble?" "That would be nice, but my mind is set. I also have...personal issues to attend to that I cannot while working," The director pursed his lips and hummed a little, before shaking his head. "Then it looks like we both don't have any more to discuss. Goodbye, Miss Flynn. It has been...interesting working with you," "Yes, interesting indeed. However, I doubt that we shall see each other again. Goodbye, Director," With that,