For those at the forefront of discovery, it was known that often one had to disregard his or her morals for the greater good. Wealth. Friendship. Family. These were meaningless foibles, only serving as distractions. Excess wealth beyond the necessities of life did not bring about results; friends only served to bring chaos in an otherwise immaculately ordered life. And family? The bickering of relatives not concerning oneself was not even worth listening to, let alone intervening in. For Amanda Flynn, these thoughts had served her well for years. Her brothers and sisters were dull, preferring to engage in fickle activities such as sports and music to occupy their days and evenings. She preferred to read and ponder about how things worked. She remembered well the day that her eldest brother purchased a car, a simple four-door sedan; while the others were marvelling at the comfortable seats and the ample baggage space, she spent more of her time looking at what was under the hood and wondering how it worked. They poked fun at her for weeks after that, thinking that she was strange for being fascinated by gears and metal. Strange. It was an appropriate enough word to describe her, she supposed. But the opinions of others did not matter to her. What did matter was power; and what better power was there than knowledge? Combustion engines were interesting enough to look at, to dismantle and examine. So were most of the other moving parts that worked. But as she pondered more about the workings of machines, she found herself staring at her hand after a while. Closing and opening it, turning it around, and experimentally prodding at the skin, marvelling at how flexible yet tough it was. It was at that point that inspiration struck her, that would set the course for her future. Machines were powerful. Machines were complex. Machines of metal and plastic were everywhere, and yet even they could not satisfy her curiosity. She needed more. She needed to look at the greatest and most complex machinery known to mankind. The machinery of the living body, comprised of trillions of minute cells working in harmony. How it functioned, she did not know; but she knew that at one point, she needed to find out. If simple machines could be so useful, who knew how powerful such a complex machine could be, brought to perfection? And fifteen years later, her ambition and drive bore fruit. Amanda Flynn, a researcher in molecular biology, found her calling. Working on a skunkworks project with the government to discover the secrets of the human genome, she found herself in her element. The stern red-haired woman found herself striding down sterile white laboratories, supervising experiments that were being conducted. The experiments were proceeding well enough, she supposed; observations came as fast as they could be processed, and groundbreaking results published to the archives at regular intervals. But it was not fast enough for her. What was the point of observing something already present, if they were not going to improve it? The genome was being mapped at an incredible rate with the amount of funding being channelled into it, but that was all they had done for at least a few years. Mapping. Mapping. And more mapping. Categorically noting down what everything did, what alterations would accomplish, and what problems may arise from the presence or absence of a particular genetic pattern. And it irked her greatly that such knowledge was being treated as purely knowledge, and not wielded for power. The power to create was in her hands. And she would be damned if she allowed the knowledge to simply gather dust in some old library. No, she needed to do something with it. To forge the greatest machine of all. To enhance a human body, from an existing template. It proved immensely difficult to find a suitable donor. Every other scientist that she had spoken to had balked, citing foolish reasons like morals or religion. Finally, in frustration, she decided that if nobody was willing to assist her on this line of research, she would do so herself. After all, she only needed a few cells, and not a limb or two. Cells that she would no longer need, given ten years or so, given the human biological clock. Under the guise of a larger experiment, Amanda diverted significant amounts from their allotted research funds to the creation of a set of prototype artificial wombs, in which she placed heavily-modified embryos. Embryos created from herself and a male donor, one of her junior researchers with a curiously intense interest in the project – and likely the only man that had any interest in it. She projected that the result would be modified humans; faster, stronger and tougher than most other humans, equipped with denser skeletal structure and denser muscle structure, and having already-identified disease-causing genetic material scrubbed. On examining the embryos' genes, however, she found strange sequences that have not been identified before. Dismissing this as variation brought about from her donor's own genetics, she paid it no mind. Her overseers had noted down the specifics of what she was trying to achieve, and the military had expressed strong interest in seeing the project come to fruition. Funding flowed freely after that. The very best of staff assigned to her team, the very best of equipment delivered to her laboratory on a whim. She could have asked for no better conditions to work under. Strangely, though most of her staff had changed when the military had taken over administration of her project, the junior researcher that had donated his genetic material remained. Phineas Black, his name was, if she recalled correctly. Though Amanda tried to remember exactly when did she sign him onto her team, she found that she could not. There was something amiss about him, as though she were the only one that could see him. Her secretary had insisted that there was nobody called Phineas in her team, and so did the others that worked under her. One of them, a medical doctor with psychiatry training, offered to counsel her if she felt that stress was getting to her. An offer that she vehemently denied. Admitting madness was a very good way to be removed from a project. And in her line of work, being 'removed' from a project meant that one would never be seen again. By anyone. Ever. Thus her research continued on, watching her six 'children' develop in their glass tanks filled with biogel. It rattled her, seeing that man – Phineas – standing by the tank, watching the children as they grew. He smirked and waved irritatingly in her direction every time she passed by, offered insights when she had a problem that she couldn't crack, and comforted her with kind words after a ten or twelve-hour shift on the job. Yet she could not acknowledge his presence. He wasn't real. He couldn't be real. Everyone else walked by him, not seeing him, hearing him. Others would think her insane if she started talking to him. He had to be simply a figment of her imagination, a spawn of her overworked mind. No person in her laboratory could simply stand with her at all times, and not have a single other person comment on his presence. Another part of her, however, asked if that assumption was actually true. She did require his genetic material to make her children. And she was certain that he had been in her car before to be dropped off at an address somewhere in East Anglia. An address that actually existed that she had never heard of before. That alone was evidence enough that the man was real, and yet...every other piece of evidence suggested otherwise. Nine months quickly swept by. The children – her children – had grown quite large by then. One of them was about the size of her arm. The thought of giving birth to something so large - let alone six of them - caused Amanda to reflexively clamp a hand onto her flat stomach. The thought of carrying just one of them within her, let alone passing one out of her body, made her rather queasy. Sometimes she wondered what part of Mother Nature could be so merciless as to force a female creature to carry a child within her body, and then force her to have to expel it through an organ far too small to do so easily. The very same one that enforces growth and improvement through an endless cycle of life, death and rebirth , she thought wryly to herself. "Dr. Flynn," one of the assistants spoke from behind a computer screen. "The foetuses are sufficiently mature, and we're ready to purge the biogel on your command," "Very well, Dr. Jennings. Let's confirm that we have everything, shall we?" Amanda replied, looking down at her clipboard. "Oxygen respirators?" "Check," "Saline solution and IV drip?" "Check," "Medical staff?" "Check," "Towels and postnatal bassinets?" She was certain Dr. Jennings snorted a little. "Check," "Alright. Phase One of Les Enfants Terribles -" she grimaced at the terrible name that General Adams had given her project. Did the brutish man even read those old classics? She would never know. "-is ready to conclude. Vitals on the children?" "All vitals are green, madame," answered the thickly-accented medic beside the iron lung machine. "Oxygen levels are nominal," "Excellent. Dr. Jennings, you may perform the honours," In the corner of her eye, Amanda saw Phineas watching from the side of the room. He was standing right beside Dr. Jennings with his arms crossed, so close that if the raven-haired scientist took another step back, she would trip over his feet. She forced herself to keep a straight face when the man (or was it an illusion?) flashed her a toothy smile and gave her a thumbs-up. It would not do to look like a madwoman during such an important event. With a gentle gurgling noise, the greenish biogel began to drain out of the six glass tanks containing the little infants. There was a strange feeling in her chest as she watched the babies finally settle in the bottom of the tanks, crying loudly as they began to take their first breaths in the world. A feeling of warmth. A profound sense of success and of contentment. Different from the other times where she had succeeded in completing a project. "Dr. Jennings. Lower the glass," she ordered, observing that the last of the fluid had drained out of every tank. The glass tanks slid into the ground with a gentle snap-hiss, and Amanda stooped down, scooping up the nearest infant into her arms. Or rather, tried to. She didn't expect the little child to be so heavy. "Towel," she said, and a waiting assistant pushed a towel into her waiting hands. "And prepare the scales. We need to record their weights, even if they all look very much healthy," She strained and heaved as she lifted two babies up to a waiting trolley. Dr. Jennings likewise had some trouble, to the point where she had to squat down and lift them up one at a time. Phineas had picked one of them up and carefully deposited one on a waiting scale. "Good God. Twenty and a half pounds for this one. She's a right heavy lass," whistled one of the other scientists. Amanda's eye twitched. They responded to that particular baby being placed on the scales – and they did not make a single comment about the fact that Phineas was the one that placed her there. Rather, it was as though they only noticed the baby once she was on the scales, and not a moment before. And then the man dared to grin cheekily at her, flashing a thumbs-up. She gritted her teeth and bit back an angry rant, remembering that any display of mental instability was grounds for termination of contract.