Author's note: I was really debating whether or not to upload this story or not. I really wrote it as a bit of a joke. I wanted to write slash and I wanted to write humour. This fic has a lot of R-rated slash and a lot, a lot, A LOT of profanities! If this is not something you think you can enjoy, I'd advise you to click the back button now. It is all written from the point of view of Marvel who I have purposely made very un-PC. Now I don't want people to take the fic too seriously but it's been sitting in my documents for ages and since I've written it, I have been seriously debating whether or not to try and write an actual novel. I have a long way to go before becoming a good writer so the advice and criticism of what I have done would really help me. Hope you enjoy. This is technically an alternate universe fic because the actual Hunger Games do not exist. I am also basing my characterisation on the movie portrayals because I think the actors did an amazing job and really brought the book characters to life. CHAPTER ONE I don't know what kick-started my hatred of school. I mean, I know most normal kids generally don't like school anyway. But I don't just dislike it – I fucking hate every minute I have to spend in those stuffy little classrooms, sniffing in the teenage body odour, listening to some uptight old has been nattering away about photosynthesis and hyperbole and the right angles of an isosceles triangle as if I actually am going to use this information whenever I go outside into the real world. Not. This is actually the biggest school in the country. It's located slap bang in the Capitol's City Circle. It blends perfectly with all other deemed acceptable establishments in the city; large, white, square, made of marble and engraved with the faces of people who are supposed to be famous or have done something really important in history but no one cares enough to remember what. They even stuck the word 'Royal' in front of it, though Panem has never even had a king or queen, not even in the days when it was known as America. So how the hell does that make any sense? I'll get straight to the point. I hate school a lot, which makes me one happy son of a bitch on this very day. It's the last day of school. I'm 18 years old and I've finally completed my 7 ridiculously long years of compulsory education at the Royal Academic Institute of Panem. I'M GOING TO BE A FREE MAN! Free to have the freedom to be free and using my free time doing absolutely nothing at all . I can't wait. I advance up the main steps into the entrance foyer. Usually it's bustling with students and teachers running to get into class on time but as I have taken the liberty to come in an hour later than usual, it's empty. As I scrape my sneakers across the marble floor, I glance to the side, where a huge mahogany door stretching across half of the wall has a sizeable gold plaque mounted on it. On the gold plaque in very swirly writing and decorated with roses, are the words: Dr C. N. T. Snow School Principal Royal Academic Institute of Panem I always laughed at how his initials pretty much spell 'cunts', which is exactly what he is - a flaming huge bag of cunts. I flip the bird at this huge ass door and at the face more than likely sitting behind it before heading in the direction of what would've been my second class of the day, biology or physics, I don't know. I didn't even show up for the end of year exams for those subjects and I ended up passing anyway, but more on that later. When I stroll in I make a beeline for the very back of the room. The teacher completely ignores me; she's used to my tardiness. She hardly expected me to make an effort on my very last day did she? She hasn't put out any work and everyone is just sitting together in their little isolated circles. I never bothered making friends at school – I think I may have had some when I was younger but just grew out of them. In fact, the only other person in my class sitting alone is the kid from District 11, and that explains in itself why he has no friends, asides from the fact that he bites the head off anybody who goes near him. Could be worse, he could be from District 12 – that's pretty much the ' homo neanderthalensis hunts with wooden tools ' standard of living. I watch him for a few moments. He's sitting very still with his head bowed forwards and eyes shut. Maybe he's having a snooze. I was born and raised in District 1 –the wealthiest of all the provinces that surround the Capitol. My name is Marvel by the way, may come in handy knowing that. Anyway, District 1 is about an hour away by train, and everything about it is high rise, metallic, futuristic and sterile. I don't mind it too much. I've never been one of those wishy-washy nature freaks that need a lot of trees or mountain air or whatever else. With my parents' salaries I've lived a very comfortable life in District 1 and have never had to worry about anything. The Capitol however is a fucking nasty place. People rave and rant about how brilliant it is but in reality it's just a shithole jam-packed full of ridiculously overpriced clothes shops, casinos, beauty parlours and banks. And I use the term 'beauty' lightly. One day two months ago my sister and her friend came home from a day out in the Capitol with their hands tattooed bright pink. Their hands ... tattooed bright pink ... Anyone else see how retarded this is? My dad went completely berserk but my mum just shrugged and said all the girls would be doing it sooner or later. I have hence concluded that women, including my sister, mother and the majority of the female staff at my school, and their perceptions of beauty are retarded. My freaking teacher has a blue afro, for Pete's sake. I hate her. And I hate the school, I hate it, I fucking hate it. I think of Principal Snow's fat ugly face and hate it even more. How I'd love fuck him up, just a little bit. And I'm not talking about spray-painting a dick on his big ass door; I want to do something serious. Something that people will remember... something that might cost the school a fair penny to fix... I groan, ignoring the people who look round curiously, and rap my knuckles incessantly on my table. Why don't I have any cool friends to plot this stuff with? My eyes return to Thresh, the District 11 kid. He's always by himself, never seems to be enjoying himself, maybe he wouldn't object to a bit of mayhem. Plus, he's District 11 – he'll probably have contacts all over the school for all sorts of seedy business. I may need 'supplies' so to speak. Doesn't hurt to ask, does it? Well, unless he punches me for bothering him. I watch him for a few more minutes, trying to gauge his mood. Then I lift myself out of my seat and drop into the one beside him. He doesn't lift his head but his dark eyes snap open and lock onto mine with a thinly veiled hint of a threat. God, this guy is just a little bundle of sunshine. "Hey man, how's it going?" I say casually, in a slippery attempt to sound friendly. His eyes narrow even sharper so I quickly decide to ditch that approach. I lean in to avoid being overheard. "Listen, this is going to sound random as hell, but do you have anything on you at the moment?" "What, you think cause I'm black I just carry dope on me all day?" I swear to God I think my palms are starting to get a bit sweaty. This guy is intimidating as hell. Anger just seems to radiate out of his every pore. "No, not dope you..." I pause. I tend to drop meaningless insults between every word I speak, just out of habit, but this guy could use it as an excuse to smack me silly. "OK," I say, lowering my voice. "I'm on the scrapbook at the moment, but I think I want to blow up the science block toilets." He stares. Then a strange noise comes out of his throat and I think it might actually be his rusty old voice box trying to chuckle. "Is this your idea of an end of school prank?" he asks. "More like the biggest middle finger I could ever give them." "I can think of worse," he says, and falls eerily silent. Oh Thresh, I'm sure you fucking can! This brute would probably go more along the lines of turning Snow inside out and smearing him all over the white marble front doors. Then probably sitting down and having a sandwich while waiting patiently for the Armed Response units to arrive. The silence drags. I wait for him to start talking again. I don't want to press him. Thresh doesn't fit into this school one bit. Everything here is about face value. The school's reputation this, the school's reputation that... Principal Snow's expectations this, Principal Snow's expectations that... If grades falter, they're marked up. If a student breaks rules, they're punished, but never expelled. Rates and percentages of failure, expulsion and attendance are of crucial importance and can never seem to be anything less than perfect. Even the teachers have to be decked out in the most expensive garb, always keeping to the current trends of course, to make the school look pretty and attractive from the outside. On the inside it's a mess. Students persistently scoring less than average grades, no attempt to coach any improvements, kids not showing up half the time, inter-district conflict and general misery. But nothing a little bit of tweaking the paperwork can't fix! Thresh, he's... well, poor. Once you move past District 10 out into the wilderness, things start to go downhill very fast. I'd say his entire outfit – plain black trousers, a cheap shirt, no jumper, and standard working boots – probably cost him less than half of what my mum paid for my sneakers. There is a permanent boarding option for kids from the further away districts. The majority of students originate from District 1 but rich families in District 2 tend to send their kids here too. The standard of the rooms leaning from satin duvets and en suite bathrooms to rooms of three rows of bunk beds and one sink. I feel bad for whoever has to share a bunk with Thresh, all 6 foot... 7 or 8 of him. I would pick the floor. He clears his throat. I jolt from where I've been staring absently at faded stains on his shirt sleeve that look suspiciously like dried blood. "What do you want anyway?" "Ideas," I reply. "I just want to chuck something down the toilets, have them explode, make a shit load of damage – excuse my pun – and then I'll be on my merry way. I was thinking cherry bombs or something, but I'll take anything – even fucking Mentos and coke if you have them." "I don't," he shakes his head. "But you could speak to a couple of guys I know in the year below. They're from my District, and I'm not saying they definitely have anything, but I know there's a flash