Hi people! Welcome to the spin off of Sparrow Cries' Lost in the Darkness . It's a story I made because I know the nature of Hunger Games SYOT fics, and the characters are just so interesting that I want to explore all their hidden potential by creating a fic like this. Currently, I have some ideas for plots, but I'm not sure yet. Please give me suggestions if you have one. And some things I want to make clear so you won't be confused in reading this Alternate Universe thing. This fic takes place in a school called Capitol Academy, where kids from Panem go to school with 12 majors in them, and the majors are basically each district's specialty. Students are required to choose from Major 1 to Major 12 and each of them has different courses for different jobs they want to take. List of the Majors: Major 1: Luxuries Courses: Perfumer, Furrier, Jeweler, Goldsmith, Winemaker, Hair Stylist Major 2: Masonry Courses: Stonemason, Concrete Finisher, Bricklayer, Brickmason, Plasterer, Blacksmith Major 3: Technology Courses: Technical support, Assembly operator, Engineer, Tester, Technician Major 4: Fishing Courses: Longliner, Trawler, Canner, Ship Captain, Deckhand, Fisherman Major 5: Power Source Courses: Plant security officer, Geologist, Equipment manager, System analyst, Maintenance Major 6: Medicine Courses: Chemical medicine, Herbal medicine, Nursing, Physician Major 7: Lumber Courses: Lumberjack, Load Puller, Lead Climber, Furniture Builder, Carpenter Major 8: Textiles Courses: Factory worker, Weaver, Dress maker, Designer, Warehouse manager, Teacher Major 9: Grains Courses: Cropper, Farmer, Plower, Sower, Grain Harvester Major 10: Livestock Courses: Butcher, Milker, Rancher, Barn Manager, Breeder Major 11: Agriculture Courses: Sorter, Irrigator, Farmhand, Harvester, Gardener Major 12: Coal Mining Courses: Coal miner, Blaster, Surveyor, Metallurgist Sooo that is all of them! I am sorry if you think they are out of character. Please tell me if I've done something wrong. I also have a long list of 'why is she like this?' or 'why are they friends here?' and possibly all sorts of reason why I make them that way. Don't hesitate to PM me if you want to know additional details and whatnot. Chapter 1: Meet the Tributes, oops, Students! Part 1 ~Kenmeina~ I hate television. I really do. But mom always makes the whole family watch television during breakfast. I hate it. I push my glasses up my nose bridge as I see my sister's beautiful face on the screen. " Miss Fukuro! Is it true that the engagement ring of President Snow's daughter is your creation?" " Ah, indeed it is. She deserves the best among the best, after all." The best jeweler of the Capitol Academy: Ann Fukuro. Who doesn't know her? I sigh loudly as I watch my sister cast a guilty glance at me. I keep my eyes on the food in front me, trying to focus on my breakfast so it'll be much more easier if my mother decided to lecture me about how much of a success my sister is. Same old, same old. "Look at her," Mom begins; I hold my sigh within so I won't irritate her. "Only eighteen and already one of the best jeweler the Capitol has ever seen. I do wish you could be more like your sister, Kenmeina." We majored at the same thing, the Luxuries, and by Mom's insistence, I also take the jeweler course. She wanted a long line of the best jeweler in the Capitol. How sickening. "Mom, please," Ann says. She looks guiltily towards me, who only nods. "Kenny is just sixteen. When she's eighteen, her jewels will be the ones that are praised upon." I love Ann. I really do. Even when I really envy her for being who she is, I still do love my sister. "You were sixteen when your jewelry got into the magazine," I say, almost sounding like I was hurt. "Because a reporter just happened to stop in front of my workshop? The jewelry he reported was my personal creation for Eric, not for the media." Ann spits angrily. "Ann, that is enough. I won't ever let you throw away your career just because of that District Four boy, never ." Ann gasps angrily, but eventually stops when the doorbell rings. "That must be Eric!" My sister says, totally ecstatic. My mother looks like she is going to puke. He hates Eric and Ariel. She once said that someone like my sister should have gotten together with another jeweler, or the best goldsmith and not a fisherman like Eric. I disagree though. First, Eric is not even a fisherman. He is a ship captain , something as prestigious as the jeweler, although often overlooked. Instead of hearing Ann's usual cry of 'Eric!', I hear her calling my name in a sweet voice she only uses when something interesting happened. I come to meet her by the door, where I see someone with electrifying clear-blue eyes that always fills me with ease. Patrick MacDougall, my best friend. "Hi, Kenmeina." A giddy smile grace Ann's lips before she asks me if I am ready to go to school. I nod and wave her a goodbye before walking down the road with Patrick. "You don't have to do it, you know?" Patrick looks at me, as if asking me to elaborate. "You live in the dorm. You don't need to come to my house and pick me up." Although I do like it. A blush makes its way to my face as I think about it. Patrick is not much of a talker. He is a funny guy who moves like a thief and lives like a Robin Hood (which is why I find him very suitable as someone who took winemaker course), but whenever he is left alone with me, he doesn't talk much. I am quiet, and he is too. And none of us had any qualms about each other's company. We enjoy it. Patrick took a deep breath and showed me a brilliant smile with his teeth, a smile I love from him the most ever since we met all those years ago. "I want to do it, Kenmeina. I enjoy being in your company." Another blush. I sigh and eventually laugh. "Let's go inside before Jasper or Tara finds us." We slip our hands to one another, a casual gesture between best friends. Or at least, I think so. ~Jasper~ "Jasper! Jasper! C'mon wake up hurry up you need to go to school!" I groan as I grab a small blond head that was jumping on my bed. "Five more minutes, Cato." Cato, the nerve of that midget, jumps even harder. "C'mon c'mon! And Tara's here to see you!" With that, I literally jump out of my bed. Cato laughs when I look around in panic. "Of course she isn't, dummy! Tara has early practice with knife-throwing so she isn't coming!" I sigh in relief before tackling my brother to the bed, tickling him the stomach. "You brilliant little midget! C'mere you!" Cato laughs even harder before our mom calls us downstairs for breakfast. I took my leather-made apron, the only school attribute I actually need to use for my blacksmith course, and head downstairs. I major in Masonry along with Tara, and we're both blacksmiths. "Donny called earlier," mom says without looking up from setting the table. "He says he won't be coming to our house to pick you up today because something came up with his stonemasonry work." I nod as I sit down. Cato also sits beside me. "Okay then, I'll just walk to school alone, no biggie." I take a loaf of bread and pour a glass of milk for myself. Cato watches, and follows soon after. A few minutes later, I am done with my breakfast and I bid goodbye to my mom and Cato. I jog my way to the school and find two people I expect to find. "If it isn't the two lovebirds of Luxuries!" I shout as hard as I could, alarming the best friends in front me. "Dammit Jasper." Patrick sighs and let go of Kenmeina's hand. They both wait for me to reach their place. "Stop shouting, Jasper." Kenmeina's soft voice says with a hint of embarrassment. I grin. "Wait until Tara sees this!" "See what?" Tara comes up from another alley in the opposite direction. "See Patrick and Kenny holding hands? Oh pleaaase. It's just a casual gesture between friends , Jasper. No big deal." Tara snickers. Patrick rolls his eyes, annoyed. "Have you been stalking us, Tara?" He asks. "Naah, sheer coincidence. Right, Jasper?" She smirks at me, and I smirk back. "Sheer coincidence indeed, folks!" The four of them laughs. "Now if Ariel and Aalto got here, the Careers will be all set!" I can see all the other students look at us with awe. The Careers are the ones who rule this school or the most popular kids, so to speak. It's usually composed of Major 1, 2, and, 4 which is Luxuries, Masonry, and Fishing. How Fishing got into Careers, you ask? It's probably because their students are really good at what they're doing and they have the most gorgeous-looking students of all. "Hey guys, how's it going?" A familiar voice joins us and I smile. I know who it is and if Aalto came, he must have Ariel with him. The Careers are complete. ~Katie~ I fall down spectacularly on the ground and tears manage to escape my eyes. It's all according to plan though. "Oh my god, Katie, I'm so sorry! I must have been spacing out!" Aschen Onyx looks at me with guilt and panic. I only pout as I raise my left arm, asking for a help to stand up. My other hand is firm on the needle on my pocket. It's all according to plan. The first prank of the morning is always with the stupidest member of the Smartasses, Aschen Onyx. He actually comes to school as early as he could because he is afraid of spacing out too much and it will make him late. Well, seriously? That reason is so lame. But it works just fine. I get to torture him, after all. The idiot, oops, I mean Aschen bends down and offer his hand. What an idiot. I take his hand, faking a sniffle before jabbing his offered hand with the chloroform-soaked needle. "Huh…?" He asks dumbly and I wave him a cheerful goodnight. "You're so funny, Aschen. I like you lots… you play me with me all the time." As Aschen tumbles down, I smile happily. "Today's going to be a really good day." I manage to blast Aschen into the oblivion with one of the stupidest trick known in the book. Maybe I can get to Mister Tan's locker and shove a (mildly) poisoned nail. He teaches the Masonry, after all. I don't mean to leave Aschen out here alone, of course. I will drag him to the infirmary and tie him on the bed so I can jab various parts of his body with my needle. Maybe I should carve his idiocy directly on his skin. Okay, that is such a brilliant idea. I'll do that today. "What the hell… it's not even the first period yet and you're already down? You're a freaking moron, Aschen." I look up immediately at the annoyingly arrogant voice. And of course I'm right. It's another one of the Smartasses, Oz Tesla. I hate this guy. Well, not more than I hate Micro though. I hate intelligent people in general. Their curiosity sucks. My pranks have always been perfect and covered, and even that time when I cry when Mister Ty was interrogating the class to know who had poured a bottle of ink to his coffee. I did, of course. But I cried so much that everyone thought that I was really hurt that the teacher even implied that he suspects me. Everyone but Micro Linux, the best student of Technology major, thinks