Hey Everyone! This is a little something that wouldn't leave me alone this week so I managed to crank it out in a few days. Huge love and hugs and sloppy V-day kisses to my amazing beta/pre-reading team, Emsuckle, Twilightladies, Lellabeth, Nikki, and guest reader this time round, Tinsley Warren. You girls made my week by getting this turned around so quickly, and I can't thank you enough. Cared Cullen - Thank you so so so so much for the absolutely beautiful banner you made for this story - it is so appreciated! Mariahajile and SueBee, thank you for the info on NYC xo This story will be in two parts , with part two being posted later today. Enjoy! Disclaimer: SM Owns Twilight. The Script own Break Even. BPOV Growing up, I would scoff and roll my eyes when I heard people talking about being heartbroken. I don't remember the first time I heard the term, but I do remember thinking it was the strangest thing, hearing it in movies or reading it in books: different scenarios explained in different ways. "Oh she's heartbroken, you know, but she's dealing, she's getting on..." "Heartbreaking, just heartbreaking." I guess when I was very young, I was quite horrified by the idea that someone's heart could break. How did it break? Would little pieces slowly fall off, chipping around the edges and collecting somewhere in their stomach? Or did it slice in two, right down the middle, each piece just laying there lifeless in the chest cavity? Did it explode, like a firework? Shattering into a million tiny pieces that went flying all around the body? Surely if one's heart was broken, they would die. And yeah, I'd heard of older people who'd "died of a broken heart ". They were withered and aged, paper-thin skin and greying hair. Maybe a heart defect or cancer. Maybe healthy as a horse. But their spouse would die from one thing or another, and a few months later they would kick the bucket too. I could never get on board with the idea that they'd died of a broken heart. To me, they were just old, and it was their time. I guess I was a little cynical, even back then. So with the exception of old people, everyone else I could see that was apparently suffering from heartbreak was still very much alive and kicking. Still getting up every morning, going to work every day. Going about their business and looking after their kids. When I was fourteen, my aunt, who had been "heartbroken" after her husband had left her for another man a year previously, married someone else. Big white wedding and everything, even though it was her second time around. He was a banker from the city, and fifteen years her senior. I'd always thought there'd been something fishy there, since every time someone asked them how they met, they stumbled over their words and gave different answers. No one seemed to really care, though, because Aunt Liz was just so happy. Cue gag. My point is, I figured heartbreak couldn't be all that bad, since Liz didn't die or end up in hospital or anything like that. Or maybe her new husband's penchant for buying her designer purses helped sew the pieces of her shattered heart back together. Yeah, definitely more than a little cynical. Throughout high school, I watched all my girlfriends date their "first love" and then get their hearts broken. One had a guy, a few years above us at school, who went off to college and met someone else. Another caught her boyfriend making out with a cheerleader after a football game. I played the dutiful best friend, offering a shoulder to cry on, a pint of Ben & Jerry's and a packet of Kleenex. I rolled my eyes while they weren't looking, wondering how on earth they could be so dramatic, because, come on, we were sixteen and this was their first relationship. Did they really think it would last forever? Did they really believe they'd found the one? I kind of avoided boys all through school too. Not that I ever got any attention from guys. I was on the heavier side, and the new girl at school with the strange accent from down south. I got called all manner of unoriginal fat nicknames, Belly being the most common, an obvious play on my name, Bella. So I guess at some point during my teens, while I scoffed at the idea of heartbreak, I vowed I would never put myself in a position where someone could have that power over me. A little contradictory, right? But I swore I'd never be a snivelling, red-nosed wreck like my friends, pining away in their bedrooms, eating ice cream and listening to sappy love songs. I abhorred the idea of marriage, and always told my parents they'd never get any grandchildren from me. I'd been fiercely independent growing up, the middle child of three girls. Typical cliché middle child syndrome. My older sister was the overachieving smart one with the perfect grades, the most popular girl in school. My younger sister was the baby of the family who got away with bloody murder and could do no wrong in my parents eyes. I had been stuck in the middle somewhere, not really ever knowing my place. As soon as I graduated high school, I went off backpacking around Europe for the summer, much to my parent's dismay. But I was eighteen and I used money that I'd saved from summer jobs since I was fourteen. Aunt Liz gave me money towards the trip too, no doubt from Uncle Harry's back pocket. There was really nothing they could do to stop me. Starting college that fall was a strange experience. Tanned from the European sun, toned from hiking around vineyards in Italy, and slimmer from living on a Mediterranean diet for eight weeks, I was suddenly subjected to the attention of horny freshman frat boys. While the attention was uncomfortable at first, I soon adjusted to college life, attending parties, drinks getting a little stronger and outfits a little more daring each time. Outwardly, I reveled in being the cool girl, the girl that guys stared at when I walked into a room. Yeah, I know. Conceited, much? But inwardly, I felt like a fake and a liar, knowing that the glamourpuss image on the outside was a far cry from the shy, insecure girl on the inside. The truth was, once a guy got past the looks and body, what would be left? I was entirely uninteresting, even boring myself to tears sometimes. I was a crier too, in secret of course. Despite my cynical ways, I did have a heart, and cried for a solid three minutes when my mother called me at college to tell me that the dog had died. She said she was heartbroken. I rolled my eyes through my tears, told my mother I had to get to class and hung up the phone. See? I was only a little cynical. I continued to avoid boys throughout my college years, holding myself to the vow I'd made as a teenager. I had a perfectly good Rabbit and porn collection, and my shared apartment with three other girls from college meant that I was never really lonely. As time went on though, I found myself wondering what it would be like to have someone special. But it remained only that, meandering thoughts late at night when I'd hear my roommate giggling with her boyfriend in the next room, and I'd swipe a single tear away and scold myself for being such a baby. One time, on Valentine's Day, I took delivery of a huge bunch of red roses for my roommate. I sneaked a peek at the note from her boyfriend, which contained all manner of soppy and disgusting things that I can't remember now, and promptly burst into tears. I got my period later that day, so I put it down to that and never told a soul. So when I met James in senior year of college, no one was more surprised than me that he managed to sweep me off my feet. My cellphone buzzes in my pocket, interrupting my little trip down memory lane. I cradle the phone in my hand, tilted toward me and away from the no-doubt-nosy neighbour on the subway seat beside me. I have a thing about personal space, and people reading over my shoulder. Reading a text message on the subway is making me twitchy. It's a message from my mother, asking how my art class went. I text her a quick reply and flip the cover back over my iPhone. On second thought, I flip it open again and pull up the iPod feature. I rummage through my purse for my earbuds, plug them in and hit shuffle on the music. I rest my head on the window and close my eyes. Art class. There's a whole other can of worms. Well, not really, since it's kind of related to my earlier story. See, the art class is a kind of therapy for me. My doctor (read: therapist) suggested it. She said I needed a creative outlet for my emotions. At first, I adamantly refused-I mean, it was enough that I was attending therapy with her, listening to her psycho-babble and analysis of every word week in week out. It was only through the combined nagging of my therapist and my mother that I eventually relented. And I've found myself kind of enjoying it so far. But why do I need therapy? Why do I need a creative outlet for my emotions? Back to James, who swept me off my feet. There's another term I always hated too. It just seemed so contrived, so fake. I had never believed in love at first sight or any of those things. James didn't even do any grand gestures or sweet talking, the kind of thing you'd expect when you heard someone had been swept off their feet. No, he was kind of shy and awkward, just like me. But he just got me. He suffered from an awful condition called think-without-speaking, and would blurt out random, state-the-obvious but cute things. "I like your lips." Random but cute. "Your eyes are brown." Obvious. "They're so beautiful." Maybe even a little swoony. My roommate's boyfriend had introduced us at a party, and we spent the whole night hidden away in his room, laying on his bed, talking until sunrise. He was cute and blonde with sparkling blue eyes that made me feel a little shivery all over when he'd level them with mine when I was speaking. I wasn't used to such intense eye contact. His voice was deep and rumbly, making him sound all macho, which he wasn't at all. He was cute and sweet and kind of quirky like me, and his lips were soft when they first touched mine. We'd been inseparable since that first night, until four years later when I'd come home from work early because I'd been throwing up all afternoon, to find a skinny blonde thing with fake plastic tits bouncing on top of him in our bed. I vomited all over the bedroom floor. It was later that week I discovered I was pregnant. I was nine weeks along and my partner of four years was fucking another woman, right under my nose. It had been going on for three months, and he'd been planning on telling me soon because he'd decided he'd "fallen out of love with me" and was going to end it. The excuses, justification and passing the blame started then, as he spewed vitriol and hate at me. "You never do the things I want to do." "We have nothing in common anymore." "You're not the same woman you were when we first got together." "We've