Hi Everyone! Welcome to my new story! This was inspired by a flashfic I did a few months back, and then I decided to expand it and enter it for the TLS Angst Contest! I was absolutely gobsmacked to find out that it won best HEA! I will be posting the one-shot in three parts, because it was almost 15,000 words. I plan to extend the story, so I didn't want chapter one being 15,000 words and then the remaining chapters 1000-3000 words! So I will post the full one shot today, but in three parts! For those of you who didn't read it in the contest, I don't want to give away any spoilers, but you must trust me! But remember it was for an angst contest ;) Huge Huge thanks to my pre-readers for this one, Sparrownotes24, Lellabeth and my beta Emsuckle. You girls did a fantastic job with this and encouraged me so much. Thanks to all the girls over at The Lemonade Stand for hosting and organising this contest, and to all the readers who read, reviewed and voted for the stories. Chapter One EPOV October 2005 "Tyler! Tyler! Tyler!" The chant echoes over the loud din coming from my apartment. Music thumps out of our stereo system, the beat reverberating around the small space. I can hear it from the parking lot, so I'm sure the neighbors are pissed. I drop my keys on the foyer table, shaking my head as I fight my way through the hall. There are people everywhere, and beer bottles line the floor like some kind of obstacle course. The smell of weed and cigarettes permeates the air, the aroma making my nose twitch with desire. I could go for a hit right now. Maybe later. The living room is dim, the only light coming from what seems like five hundred tea lights dotted over windowsills, the fireplace and coffee table. It would look kinda romantic, if I wasn't worried about the fire hazard and if I ignore the spider webs hanging from every corner. With the cigarette smoke creating wisps of cloud through the air, it just looks eerie. Appropriate, since it's Halloween. There's a couple passed out on the couch, another making out in the corner. The entire place is in disarray, red cups dotted all over the floor and pizza boxes piled up on the coffee table. The carpet is littered with chips, and guacamole dip has been trampled into the rug. I daren't venture to my bedroom or the bathroom for fear of what I might find there. Damn Tyler and his parties. It's not that I'm a bore. I love a good party. I like a few beers and, when the notion strikes me, a joint or two. Back in freshman year, Tyler and I smashed it up. Our parties were infamous – the best music, the best food and the best weed. As a senior though, I've tried to rein it in. It's a big year for me, and I need to knuckle down and study hard this year. Okay, maybe I am a bore. Tyler laughed in my face when I told him I'd be late to the party because I had some studying to catch up on at the library. Whatever. He won't be laughing when he flunks out. I wade back through the mass of bodies in the living room and make my way back across the hall to the kitchen. Tyler's there, doing body shots off some blonde—probably his latest conquest—while a small crowd of people around him egg him on. I grab a beer from the fridge, popping off the cap with a nearby bottle opener, before taking a long chug. I feel myself relax for the first time today as the cool liquid slides down the back of my throat. I release the bottle with a pop, and hear Tyler calling my name. "Yo, Eddie! You made it, man!" "Of course I made it, Tyler. It's my fucking house too," I drawl, my tone dripping with sarcasm. He huffs and rolls his eyes. "I ain't cleaning any of this shit up tomorrow though, man." "Eddie, Eddie, lighten up, man! Enjoy the party! Jessie here's gonna help me clean it up!" He waggles his eyebrows and motions to Blondie, who is patting at her bare midriff with a towel. She hops off the counter and pulls down her shirt. "It's Jessica. " She huffs, nudging Tyler with her elbow. "How many times have I told you?" Tyler rolls his eyes at her and pinches her ass. She tries to squirm away from his grip, but he wraps his arms around her and goes in for the kill, planting sloppy drunken kisses all over her face. Jeez, get a room. I wander back into the living room, beer in hand, and ponder how I can get people to leave. It's almost midnight, and I have to be up really early. Okay, yeah. I definitely am a party pooper. I'm almost knocked off my feet when a hard body stumbles into me. I steady myself to find Emmett McCarty, high, drunk, or both, wrapping his arms around me. "Cullen! You made it man!" Why do people keep saying that to me? Am I that obvious? Emmett and I do the loose, side, male hug thing and he starts prattling on about his football game last week. I'm not really paying any attention though, because I'm distracted by a commotion on the other side of the room. That smarmy fucker, James, from my Ethics in Education class, has some poor girl pressed against the window frame, his hands wandering down the sides of her body. She looks uncomfortable, her head moving from side to side. I realize he's trying to kiss her and she's resisting. I'm over there before I even realize I have moved, my hand firm on his shoulder, pulling him away. "Hey man, I don't think she's interested." James stumbles, and looks up at me. He's glassy eyed, intoxicated, and his features twist into an expression of sheer confusion. Recognition dawns on his face, and he straightens up. "She with you, man?" "Yeah, she is, so back off." Wait, what? The words tumble out of my mouth before I realize what I'm saying. In my peripheral vision I can see the girls eyes widening, and I hear a breath catch in her throat. James mumbles something incoherent and stumbles away. I turn back; only to be faced with one of the most beautiful girls I have ever laid eyes on. Huh. Guess this party won't be so bad after all. November 2005 "Oh, shit, yes…" I grind my teeth, practically spitting out the words as her nails dig into my ass. Her plump, pouty lips are wrapped around my dick, her mouth warm and wet as she sucks me hungrily; she just can't get enough. She moans around me, and the vibrations send a shiver up my spine—I feel my tip hit the back of her throat. Fuck. I'm so close. I'm sweaty, the thin sheets below me damp from our exertion. I glance down at her. Her eyes are wide as she stares up at me, a look of pure adoration on her face. We've only been dating for a month but I can't get enough of this girl. She's a vision—her long dark hair flows over her shoulders and tickles my thighs, the sensation adding to my excitement. I fist my hand in her hair, massaging her scalp, pushing lightly on her head. I feel her gag, and she pulls back to take a deep breath. Her gagging on my cock is fucking hot. Her hands are wrapped around me, squeezing my ass, where I am sure there are going to be fingernail marks tomorrow. No matter - I'll mark her later. She presses closer from her hunched position over me, running her tongue up and down my shaft before sucking me in deep again. I feel her hard nipples press against my thighs and feel my cock grow even harder at the sight of her ass sticking up in the air. Giving her hair a gentle tug, I pull her up, and she releases me, a thin trail of saliva dripping from her mouth. "Get up here and ride my cock, baby." She doesn't hesitate, as she crawls quickly up my body, straddling me with her silky soft long legs, and grabbing my cock between her hands. She lines up and sinks down on me with a deep moan. If her mouth was heaven, her pussy is sweet paradise—warm, wet and tight—and all mine . I know I won't last much longer with the way she's moving on top of me—alternating between grinding slow and deep and then bouncing hard and fast—so with one hand on her hip, I reach down with my other hand and pinch her clit, the way I know she likes. She groans, and I feel her clenching all around me. "Oh, Edward, do it again…" she's breathless, sweaty and fucking gorgeous, her head thrown back and mouth wide open as I feel her tighten around me again. "Come on, baby, get there." I shift, careful not to slide out of her, and sit up, desperate to be closer to her. We're chest to chest, slick, damp skin slapping together as I shift my other hand from her hip, squeezing her ass hard before snaking my index finger further down, right there, and tickling lightly. Her hips buck wildly in response and her moans get higher pitched. We are joined in every way, her hands are clutching wildly at my hair; I have one hand on her clit, the other hand teasing her ass, and my cock so deep inside her that I barely know where I end and she begins. I sink my teeth into the soft flesh of her shoulder and suck hard, marking her, knowing that the pain will send her right over the edge. It does. She's screaming and coming so hard around me. Her pussy is tight and clenching, milking my cock, bleeding me dry. My release comes in thick, hot spurts, spilling deep inside her as I ride out my orgasm, my body shuddering and shaking as the bliss permeates every fiber of my being. I grunt as my thrusts slow, and her head drops onto my shoulder. Her hands in my hair are soft now, caressing, loving, and I feel her plant feather-light kisses over my shoulder and up my neck, before reaching my face. When she meets my eyes, her face breaks into a wide grin and she plants a sloppy kiss on my mouth. I chuckle, and lay back, pulling her down on top of me. I'm still inside her, my dick softening. I want to stay connected to her, and I know she feels the same when I feel her clench around me one more time. My dick twitches in response. Just a few minutes, buddy. We lay there, in contented silence, our breathing slowing as we struggle to catch it. She feels so good in my arms, and I feel like I could stay here forever and die a happy man. I smile as realization washes over me. It's only been a month, but it feels right. Is this love? It feels like it. I don't think I've been in love before, but I want her around me all the time, and I miss her like crazy when we are apart. I take a deep breath, and chuckle at the realisation. "God, I love you." I feel her stiffen in my arms, before she relaxes and sighs happily, squeezing me tighter. I feel the smile in her lips as she kisses my chest. "I love you too, Edward," she whispers. December 2005 "Marshmallows and whip on that?" The barista looks bored, chewing gum and staring off into space as she froths