Hi All! This was my one shot that I submitted for the Fandom For Mental Health Compilation back in May. We're allowed to post them to our profiles from today, so here you are! Banner by: CullensTwiMistress Title: Running Home Author: Sparklymeg Rated: MA Warnings: Story deals with sensitive subject matter of severe bullying and its after effects. Beta: Midnight Cougar Summary: She runs to escape the demons in her head and the horrors under her bed. He runs alongside her, fiercely protective as he falls hard. BPOV 00:42 My lungs feel like a balloon getting bigger. Expanding with every breath I capture, yet not deflating when I exhale. They grow, enlarging by the second, filling the cavity of my chest until I fear my ribs will crack under the strain. The dull ache becomes a throb. Breaths come in short, sharp pants. There isn't room for expansion; explosion is what comes next. The pain pierces deep as the dam bursts and salty tears flow down my face. I toss and turn, splay my arms wide, starfish in the bed, burrowing my head deep into the pillows. But the pillows are too soft. The ache in my chest is too strong. I claw at my hair, flip onto my stomach, pull the comforter over my head, caging myself in. I huff, puff, sob, and sigh, until I drift. 02:14 I've been drifting in and out. Now I'm wide-awake again . I sit up, straining my eyes to adjust to the darkness. I need to get out of here. I need to burn off this delirious tension that's fizzing through my body. 02:19 I lace up my sneakers. Double knots. Precise and sure, my movements are slow, measured, despite the speed at which I've dressed into my running gear. I locate my iPod from my desk and slide it into my arm strap. My ear buds go in, my watch gets reset, and I'm on my way. 03:12 Grunt. Sigh. Grunt. Throat clearing. Grunt. A long, drawn out groan. "Fuuuccck..." A gasp of relief. While I've just run a personal best, those weird noises aren't mine. I make my way toward the stairs to go up to my apartment, my breathing leveling out, my heart slowing. Mist swirls in the air, the result of my warm breath being released into the frigid chill of the apartment lobby. My heart doesn't slow for long. It quickens with my pace as I approach the top of the stairs, taking in the glorious figure there. Long, lean form standing back against his apartment door. Wife beater, baggy shorts, backward cap. Sweaty, flushed face, labored breathing. Long fingers wrapped around a water bottle. Adam's apple bobbing as he chugs the cool liquid, recovering from the set of press-ups he always does after his run. Why he can't go inside his apartment and do them is beyond me. But hey, I'm not complaining about the delicious sight of him all sweaty and sexy. He never speaks but always acknowledges me in some way or another, whether it's a swift nod or a lift of the chin. A quick eyebrow lift or raising his water bottle at me, as if he's making a toast. He just moved in last month and keeps strange hours, like me. I've seen him a lot. Sometimes like this, after my night runs. Other times, he's leaving as I'm coming home from work. I have no idea what he does, or where he goes. I only ever see him wearing his workout gear, or dressed casually; jeans and a plain T-shirt, his black Chucks, and either the backward cap he's wearing now, or a beanie. I saunter past him, and he nods, as I pull out my ear buds then reach into my jacket pocket for my front door key. I turn the key in the lock. It sticks, and I'm reminded to call the building supervisor tomorrow about it. Or, later this morning. Goosebumps rise on the back of my neck, as if a breeze has drifted in through the building door and swept up the stairs. I know I closed the door behind me. My head snaps up, and I find my mysterious neighbor's eyes glued to me. He gazes at me, his eyes moving up and down my body, and I feel the weight of it from head to toe. His eyes settle on my legs, which are clad in bright pink Lycra capri pants; the style I always use for running. The fluorescent lighting in the hall makes the green of his eyes appear slightly brighter than usual, and casts a strange yellow glow all around his face. It sets my teeth on edge. He looks wicked and angelic all at once. The glint in his eye, the heavy stare, the way his lips part, and I can see small puffs of air coming out of his mouth. I hold my breath and press my lips together, my heart pounding like a drum. I'm more than a little turned on right now, but I can feel fissures of panic rising from my stomach and working their way into my chest. Until now, I thought this guy was harmless enough, but he looks as though he wants to eat me alive. It's intense. His eyes rake from my legs all the way back up to my face again, and that's when I tear my eyes away. I refocus on the lock, pulling the key out and starting over. It slides in easily and opens on the first go, despite my shaky hands. I look back up at him, and his eyes are zeroed in on the lock on my door. He nods, and then opens his own door, disappearing inside his apartment before I can blink. I retreat to the safe haven of my own apartment, double bolting the lock, collapsing on the floor against the front door, pulling in desperate lungfuls of air. 09:18 It's my day off. There's a crack in my bedroom ceiling. I've been staring at it for twenty-three minutes and fourteen seconds. It gives me something to focus on. I'm breathing in, counting to ten, breathing out, counting to ten. I woke up in a cold sweat, hazy images from my dream fading away with the harsh light streaming through the blinds. I've thrown off the comforter, and now I lie here trying to talk myself off the ledge. I can tell it's a dream by the red haze that surrounds me. The pictures meld together, nothing making any sense. It makes my heart race. The dull ache in my chest resides, a near constant physical reminder of who I am. It's there when I'm awake and it remains in my dreams. I'm not sure which is worse. Sleep doesn't bring the relief it should, but tossing and turning at night makes my panic levels rise. The only time I don't feel it is when my feet are pounding on the pavement. When I run, my chest aches in a different way. My heartbeat deviates from the usual panicked arrhythmia; what feels like a beat here, a beat there, to a steady, fast thud. Life races through my veins and vigor through my lungs as my legs carry me away from the turbulence that muddies my brain. And then last night. Or, this morning, whatever way you look at it. My mysterious neighbor. The way he looked at me. The way his eyes focused with such intent on me. It made me feel yearned for. It made me feel desired. It made me feel something other than this empty shell. One day blurs into the next. I keep busy working in the coffee house down the street. It's money for old rope, and I don't have the motivation right now to do anything more challenging. I'm not sure I ever will. I like the routine and monotony of making coffee. It's a busy store, like all coffee shops in New York City. We have the morning rush; the regulars whose orders I know off by heart. I mostly just make the drinks, though, and have very little actual interaction with the customers. I talk only when I absolutely have to. We have the Lycra clad gym bunnies who pour in after their mid-morning spin class at the gym two doors down, barely a hint of sweat on their perfectly made up faces. The lunch rush brings the same faces, and I'm on autopilot until the clearing of a throat distracts me. I look up to familiar jade eyes staring at me from across the counter. "Hi." He eyes my nametag. "Isabella." His voice is deep and resonant, warming the air around us. It's the first time he's spoken in a month of passing each other in the hallway at home. His eyes travel from my nametag, situated above my right breast, to my clavicle, then my neck, before finally landing on my face, one corner of his mouth turning up. His head is free of his usual backward cap or beanie, and the sun streaming through the large window of the coffee shop shows off the myriad of colors in his hair. Copper, like the pennies in the tip jar on the counter. Roasted cinnamon, the color of the sweet, sumptuous rolls we sell. The stubble on his face is lighter in some places, almost sandy in color. He's wearing his usual combo of jeans and T-shirt, and carrying a messenger bag over his shoulder. Interesting. When I don't respond, he clears his throat and continues. "Can I have a grande Americano, to sit in, please?" I nod and set about making his drink, stealing glances at him every so often. He's counting out change in his hand, setting it on the counter. I slide the cup in his direction as he slides the change across to me. I count it out; relieved it's the correct amount so I don't have to speak. He hovers, waiting for me to deposit the change in the register, before he clears his throat again. "Thank you, Isabella." He seems to hesitate for a second, his mouth opening then closing. As if he wanted to say more, but decided against it. He steps away from the counter, walking backward, his eyes still trained on me. We hold each other's stare until he turns and sits at a table directly in my line of sight. He stays for an hour, tapping away on a laptop he pulled from his messenger bag. It unnerves and excites me all at once. 04:36 I bolt up in bed, gasping for breath. My legs are tangled in the sheets and my hair is soaked with sweat. This dream was a bad one. I swallow profusely against the saliva pooling in my mouth, but I know what's coming. Nausea swirls in my stomach, and I can feel it rising in my throat. I make to the bathroom just on time. I heave and heave and heave until my throat is raw, burning. 04:52 He's nowhere to be seen this morning. Just a mile to go, my feet matching the tempo of the music, my heart beating wildly and my calves aching, when a shadow looms beside me. I'm usually completely in the zone during my runs, so it startles me at first, but I smile when I recognize Mr. Muscles from next door running along beside me. He merely nods as his eyes rake up and down my body, and then he speeds away. By the time I get back to the apartment, the fucker is doing his press-ups in the hallway. Shirtless. 07:18 The shower has run cold, but I can't bear to turn off the water. Frigid drops rain down on my face, my tears swirling down the drain with the last dregs of suds. Sometimes the tears come out of nowhere. Sadness washes over me without warning, and I can't stop