It was Connor Stoll's fault. All of it. Lou Ellen was almost sure of it. Almost. After the great Giant War the two camps had taken some time to recuperate. Lots of rebuilding was done and new rules had been set up. The Romans and the Greeks slowly, but surely, began to get along as if they had never been separate groups in the first place. Sure there were differences, but they worked to reach a middle ground and help things move along smoothly. It was during this time that all new sorts of couples began to pop up. It wasn't weird for a Roman and a Greek to be together now, and it was only a matter of time for those with previous relationships to step it up to the next level. That's why it was only mildly surprising when a triple wedding was announced a few years later. The couples in question were pretty easy to figure out: Percy and Annabeth, Jason and Piper, and Leo and Calypso. The huge wedding was held right there at Camp Half-Blood and caused such an uproar that it lead to that year's camp bead to have a wedding ring printed on it. The wedding had been almost entirely untraditional, what with a centaur acting in place of clergyman, a satyr being the best man, and a cyclops being the ringbearer. It was anything but traditional. Still, Lou Ellen couldn't help but smile when the vows were said and her friends got their happy endings (or beginnings, whatever). Lou Ellen, personally, was not surprised at all when the newlyweds announced their expectancies. Connor had made a joke about how it had only been three months since the vows were exchanged and already they were to expect little brats running around. "I bet they couldn't wait to get their hands on each other!" The son of Hermes laughed. "Well, I think it's sweet," Lou Ellen countered. "Ha! Imagine a mini Percy running around, whacking people in the face with a wooden sword," Connor's imagination worked in overtime. "Or a mini Jason going around and shocking anyone he touched. I bet Leo's kid would spontaneously combust every five seconds!" Lou Ellen shook her head, struggling to keep the smile off her face. "I'm pretty curious as to what kind of little runts they'll turn out to be. Frank and Hazel's future kid would also be interesting. It'd be cool to have a baby one second and a lion cub the next." Connor continued on and she laughed. The two demigods in question were still a long way off from getting hitched, but it was still a fun thing to imagine. Lou Ellen began to imagine what kind of children her closest friends would have and was just starting to imagine what her future children would be like when Connor said it. "What if Hazel's creepy brother, Nico, had a kid? I bet he'd be quite the ray of sunshine, too, but I guess we'll never know." That was Connor's biggest mistake. It was the single most stupidest thing to ever come out of his mouth and Connor had experience in saying some pretty stupid stuff. Immediately Lou Ellen's mind went to the son of Hades. After the war, he had chosen to stay at Camp Half-Blood and become the overseer of the funeral rites. Lou Ellen had always thought of him as cool and interesting and only found him even more exciting when he came out of the closet to them. It was a pleasantly shocking turn of events. Shortly after, he began dating the son of Apollo, Will Solace. The pair had quickly become Lou Ellen's favourite couple of all time (aside from her own relationship, of course). They were cute and happy, thankfully more low key than the others, and were generally a funny pair to think about (dark and light, opposites all the way). Now, all his closest friends were having children and as she sat there, musing on what they'd be like and what his would be like, it hit her. No one would ever know what kind of child Nico would have because Nico couldn't conceive . He was a male dating another male so the possibility was absolutely impossible. Of course there was always adoption, but that wasn't the same. Connor continued to babble on, but her thoughts drowned it out. He gave her a confused look when she suddenly laughed deviously and when he questioned her, she only shook her head and assured him that all was well. Connor had given her an idea. "Lou Ellen, what did you do? " Connor hissed. He gripped her shoulders tightly, a rare serious expression on his face. It had been three years since the son of Hermes had given her the Big Idea and in the meantime, she'd experienced motherhood as well. Although those three years had changed her life drastically, she had still held on to the idea that she could make the life of one certain son of Hades happier than it was. Which brought her to her current state of getting a massive scolding. "I kinda, sorta, maybe gave Nico...feminine internal organs?" Her statement sounded more like a question as she tried to pass it off innocently. Connor simply gawked at her, eyes open so wide they might pop out of his head. It was true. It had taken Lou Ellen three years to find a proper spell in order to give Nico a womb. She had practised on animals first (none were harmed though) until she got it right before finally mustering up the courage to sneak into the Hades cabin one night not too long ago. She'd expected to be met with a blade pointed at her face, but she had thanked her lucky stars when she found her target fast asleep. And boy was he a heavy sleeper. "Do know how much trouble you're going to get into?" He actually sounded concerned. His gaze had started to set doubt in her mind; the consequences of her actions finally played in her thoughts. "I...I just wanted to give him a chance at a new experience. Out of all his friends, he couldn't be a biological parent. Even Hazel is expecting." Lou Ellen's voice quavered. Connor sighed and gently gripped her face in his hands, his forehead against hers. "Woman, you're crazy. Absolutely insane," He said. "But that's why I love you." They laughed breathily together before sharing a kiss. "I know what you did." Lou Ellen froze at the sound of his voice. It was quiet, almost a whisper, but it pierced right through her. She turned to face the son of Hades that leaned casually, arms crossed, at her doorway. How he had gotten into her apartment, she didn't know. Over the years, Nico had physically changed very little. He was about an inch or two taller than she was, making him pretty short for a guy, perhaps due to malnutrition. His face had matured slightly but still held much of its boyish features and his hair was still messy in that fashionable way. His dark brown eyes stared at her in an unsettling way, though gave no hints as to what the male was thinking. "And what may that be?" She rasped out. "Why?" He ignored her question. "Why did you do it?" At that moment Lou Ellen let out a sob that she didn't know she was holding back. She was terrified that he'd fly into a rage and scream at her for doing something so stupid, but she explained her reasons to him. When she was done, he was silent. "I'm not mad at you." Nico said finally. "You...you're not?" She sniffled. Nico shook his head. "I actually came to thank you." It was Lou Ellen's turn to be silent as she processed his words through her shock. Even more surprising still, the male wrapped his arms around her and said, "Thank you." All she could do was smile tearfully and hug him back. "There are other ways, you know." "What?" Lou Ellen pulled back and frowned. "Will told me that it is possible to have two men father a child. I didn't really understand his explanation, but all I have to say is that science nowadays is awesome." Nico smiled. Lou Ellen looked blankly at him for a moment before blushing in embarrassment. "...I guess it slipped my mind." She laughed nervously when she'd realised her blunder. The son of Hades shook his head and as quickly as he had appeared, he was gone. "I do." Nico blushed, a smile on his face. "I now pronounce you husband and husband. You may kiss the bride!" A loud cheer erupted from the large crowd that had gathered as Will Solace swept down and placed a passionate kiss to an embarrassed Nico's lips. Lou Ellen clapped her hands happily as she stood next the bridesmaids. She couldn't help but laugh as she recalled how this whole wedding had been planned. When Will had come to her and the girls for help on proposal ideas, they couldn't have been happier. Needless to say, they had completely taken over all the arrangements. An elaborate scheme had been concocted and Nico had no choice but to say "yes" and let the girls be in charge of all the planning. Lou Ellen wasn't afraid to admit that she and the others had gotten a bit too carried away with early ideas. They had planned out an extravagant wedding with enough bang to last a century. In the end, however, they settled on going with a more simple idea. Nico was thankful for it, but immediately regretted it. "There's a catch," Hazel said. "And what would that be?" Nico had asked, knowing he would dread the answer. "You have to wear a wedding dress." Piper smiled mischievously. "...No way in hell ." "Why not?" Annabeth questioned. "In case you're forgetting, I'm a dude ." "Does that mean you're afraid you can't rock a wedding dress, di Angelo?" Reyna chimed in and the son of Hades grimaced. Calypso and Lou Ellen giggled at his nonplussed expression. "I am not afraid of anything, much less a dress." "Then what's the problem?" "If you're afraid, I could convince you otherwise." Piper said, a wicked gleam in her eyes and an ominous edge to her voice. "Fine! I'll wear the stupid dress. Just don't make me look horrible or I swear you won't live it down." And so, the son of Hades wore an elegant wedding dress to his ceremony. And he did, in fact, rock it. "Lou Ellen! Lou Ellen!" The dark haired girl in question had only seconds to look up in confusion before she was yanked from her chair and into a bone crushing hug. "Nico! I- can't- breathe!" "Sorry!" Immediately he set her down and opted to grip her hands instead. Lou Ellen caught her breath before inquiring as to what the matter was. It must have been important enough for him to suddenly be the one engaging in physical contact. "It happened." Was all Nico said excitedly. He stared at her expectantly as she tried to make sense of what he was saying. And then it hit her like a ton of bricks. "OH MY GODS, NO WAY!" "YES, WAY!" "Ohmygods, ohmygods!" Lou Ellen jumped up and down not knowing how else to handle her joy. "Does he know?" Hecate's daughter paused. "Of course he does; he was the one who checked me out." Nico smiled. "We have to tell everybody." "No! I mean, not yet." Nico said. "I want to wait a little bit before I drop the bomb on them." "Then why did you come to tell me?" "Well, if it weren't for you, this wouldn't be happening. I thought you deserved to know." Lou Ellen stared at the son of Hades before giving him a tight hug. He laughed. "Cut it out,