Title : The Song of the Star Tags : Romance, Angst, Drama, Hurt/Comfort, Adventure, Soul Bond, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Major Character Injury, Injury Recovery, Blood and Injury, Canon-Typical Violence, Light Gore, Racism Summary : Legolas and Aragorn are soul bonded lovers, and have been tasked by Gandalf to escort and protect the ring bearer, Frodo, from the outskirts of the Shire all the way to Rivendell. This story depicts the various events of Trio's trials and tribulations throughout Middle Earth. Also Includes: Gimli as racist Dwarf who hates Elves (Legolas only serves to royally piss him off), a Fellowship that dwindles down to the Trio (plus Gimli) and a path to Mordor that makes no sense. Injury Warning : It's basically Canon-Typical Violence/Gore (if the LOTR movies are any indication). The injuries within the story are briefly described, but can be considered graphic and the blood warning should be obvious. Note #1 : Title taken from the translation of the lyrics for Aniron (Theme for Aragorn and Arwen) by Enya. I know, I'm assuming the lyrics talk about stars because of Arwen Evenstar but I found the star metaphor appropriate for Elves in general. Note #2 : Elvish language : Legolas and Aragorn occasionally speak in Elvish. When they use an Elvish word/phrase (written in Elvish) or have entire conversations (written in English), the dialogue will be Italicized . Translations are provided for each chapter. Examples : " This is what it'll look like ," Legolas said, " When I'm speaking/conversing entirely in Elvish. " " Mell nin ," Aragon responded. "This is what it'll look like when I use an Elvish word/phrase in a sentence." Translations : My beloved = Mell nín BETA : TheSupernova Chapter 1 : Fateful Meetings Unlike most Hobbits, Frodo held a certain curiosity about the world outside of the Shire. Between Bilbo Baggins and Gandalf the Grey, he'd heard many stories about everything from the nearby settlements to the farthest reaches of Middle Earth. One of the most intriguing was of the elves: immortal, beautiful and wise. They were the finest archers in the land, most seeming to prefer living with their own kind, in isolation, surrounded by nature; deep within the forests. Having left the Shire, Frodo wasn't sure who or what he would encounter but looked forward to their trip to Rivendell (to meet the elves and deposit an evil golden ring) with his friends: Samwise, Merry and Pippin. The latter two were unexpected, having been stealing from Farmer Maggot (again) when Frodo and Sam were bowled over by the two hobbits running away with their goods. Dogs barked in the distance and his leisurely walk through the crop fields had now turned into a desperate run for their lives. Fleeing far enough into the woods, well out of sight of the farmer's lands, finally gave them a chance to relax. As Gandalf had duties to attend to when Frodo first set out on his journey, they had agreed to meet at the local inn in one of the nearby settlements, Bree, before they headed to Rivendell. As it was, they still had a ways to go; it was still a day's walk to the river crossing, and from there they needed to take the raft a few miles downstream. It all sounded simple enough, but he really should have known better than to think a journey with an evil ring in his possession could mean anything but trouble. They eventually stumbled upon a gaggle of mushrooms growing on the forest floor, and having been walking for quite some time they decided to stop for dinner (as it was getting well towards early evening). Luckily, they had managed to bring along some crops from the fields and Frodo had packed his own bag of food-including his own horde of vegetables, some dried meat and a slew of spices, along with a cooking pot. Vegetable soup it was (they were going to save the dried meat for later). Merry and Pippin began heating up the fire, busy skinning and cutting up the vegetables while they waited for the water in their pot to boil. It would be a while yet before the soup would be ready, and as to stay out of the way, Frodo took out his pipe, choosing to relax along a on low hanging tree branch as Sam had found a log to lean against, completely at ease. It was still light out; this time of the year the daylight would last longer, the nights shorter than usual. The two cooks were engrossed in an argument between what spices to put into the soup and eagerly attacking each other's intelligence, which wasn't that unusual for those two. Admittedly, once they got going, Frodo usually lost all track of the conversation and somewhat guiltily ended up tuning them out until the sounds of yelling and mild fisticuffs finally died down. Frodo was so deep in thought that he almost missed the ethereal singing gliding along the wind. The sound was so beautiful that there could be only one race able to exhibit such sonnets "Do you hear that, Sam?" Frodo asked quietly, as if unwilling to disrupt the music filling the air. "Elves?" Sam said, uncertain. "Wood elves," Frodo corrected. He had never seen an elf before, but deep inside him, he just knew . They were beautiful and elegant, shining so ethereally in the distance; the elves carried a certain presence about them that spoke of immortality and an inherent grace. "They're crossing to the Grey Havens. A pilgrimage across Middle Earth, to the harbor beyond the white towers," Frodo added unconsciously. It meant the time of the elves was soon to be a distant memory; their existence turning into unbelievable legends and stories. For how can you explain what it truly meant to be a grandiose and immortal Elf, to explain in words the most beautiful thing you will ever see? No language would be able to describe that feeling. Sam sighed morosely. "It makes me sad, to see them leave these shores." Frodo silently agreed. Merry and Pippin were arguing, their voices carrying heavily in his ears, but the song of the elves overwhelmed him, drowning out all other distractions. The background noise and elements muted themselves in awe. But all things must come to an end. Although Frodo couldn't say with any certainty that the elves would ever meet the end of their immortal story, to disappear from this world forever, this succession was certainly at its end, the music becoming a distant melody. The end of the cortege broke the enchantment held over them, because in all of their white elegance lay a break in the chain. The white aura around the cortege hadn't extended to the very last elf, and Frodo couldn't help but wonder why. And instead of formal attire, this elf was wearing a cloak of deep forest green with the garments of a ranger underneath, made mainly of cloth and leather accessories: gloves, forearm armor, a belt and a small leather pouch attached to the side of his leg. A large bow and quiver of arrows were carried along his back; an archer, then. Of course, leave it to Merry and Pippin to shout their excitement so loudly (over who knew what) that it created a minor echo throughout the forest. The song never wavered. Frodo saw two of the Elves look their way, a brief nod in greeting, before turning their attention back to the forward progression. The trailing Elf from before stopped and turned towards them; this took the notice of the two boisterous Hobbits behind them and they immediately quieted down. Why had he stopped? Was this Elf upset over the commotion? Frodo couldn't see why. As the age of the elves was ending, news of their pilgrimage would spread-if it hadn't already-to the far reaches of Middle Earth. The Elves were bound to encounter obstacles like this at some point on their journey. Not everyone would be so reverent or tolerant of the elves. The last few of cortege turned to the Elf, as if in question. A silent exchange happened, and Frodo saw the others nod, before resuming their journey, leaving the last of their kin behind. "What's he doing?" Merry whispered harshly. The Hobbit had yet to master the art of secrecy. "Why'd he stop?" Frodo shook his head. "I don't know, but I think we're about to find out." He gestured to the elf. "He's coming our way." The sound of the pot bubbling over caught the two Hobbit chefs' attentions, momentarily torn between finding out what this elf wanted and saving the soup. Frodo counted up to three before they ran off in a panic towards the pot. The elf walking towards them was stumbling a bit over the roots upon the forest floor, which was worrying. Elves were more comfortable surrounded by nature than in stone cities and the crowded settlements of men. "Are you Hobbits?" The Elf asked as he neared, before falling to his hands and knees. The moment his left knee hit the ground, it immediately gave way, and he landed with a groan onto his side. Frodo was up in seconds, Sam behind him as they ran towards the injured stranger. "So you are Hobbits, then." Frodo nodded, kneeling down beside the elf. He was unsure what to do with his hands, hesitating to touch the stranger, for fear of making the injury worse. "Tell me how I can help." The stranger smiled, using his right arm to push himself up, sitting unsteadily between from them. "Do you know Frodo?" He asked; his breathing uneven, irregular. "I'm seeking a Hobbit named Frodo. I am a friend." "I am," Frodo answered truthfully. "Introductions later, you need help." Frodo motioned for Sam to help him escort the Elf to the fire. There was blood running down the stranger's left arm, staining the bandages that ran from the upper shoulder, winding down to cover the palm of his hand. Frodo doubted if they were attacked, that the elf would be much help. "The bandages, Sam," he told his friend. "Hurry." With a quick nod, Sam was up, disappearing behind the large, thick tree trunk where they stacked their collective bags. "They're coming... the Shire, they found..." The elf started to list dangerously to one side, and would have fallen over if Frodo hadn't caught him. His words were fractured, and Frodo was having a hard time making sense of them. "You. I'm supposed to find you... help you- help you escape." Escape? Escape from what? He eased the elf down, laying him by the fire. Merry and Pippin had divvied the soup out for themselves, but Frodo saw that three full bowls were now placed by the small cooking pot instead of two (one for the elf, two for Frodo and Sam). Frodo and Sam readily went to work on unwrapping the elf's stained bandages; some of the blood was a pale red-the wound must have opened again, because they saw fresh blood seeping between the cracks in the hardened blood on the Elf's pale skin. A large gash ran from the palm of his hand, circling around bottom of the thumb and tore its way up the arm to his shoulder. Ripped, shredded skin lined the trailing wound, exposing fresh tissue and muscle to the open air. The small slivers of bone peaking through the lower arm made Frodo's stomach churn. But Frodo held back, quickly regaining his composure, instead focusing on cleaning the fresh blood best he could; Sam however, had run off to the bushes to throw up. Merry and Pippin were looking away, mindlessly picked at the remnants in their bowls. They had used all of their bandages on the elf, but already Frodo could see fresh splotches of red. As the Elf finally fell asleep, Frodo and Sam finally sat down, taking a short breather