Author's Note: This is a one-shot I've been wanting to write for awhile, because I'm a huge sucker for Time Travel (see: an unfortunate number of my HP fics on AO3) and while I'm not actually a Drarry fan, the idea of tiny Harry and tiny Draco being adorable friends together is holding my heart hostage. (Dear god, help.) They were just kids once. I originally was going to write this from Draco's POV, but... man, I just could not characterize Draco properly from his point of view. It was just not happening. But fast forward through several forgotten decisions, and I ended up writing a Time Travel Redo fic (you know... Peggy Sue style) from the perspective of someone who is not the traveler. So because it won't be obvious, I wrote this with the idea that Draco is from around 1997 or 1998-ish, with the vague idea that he thought Voldemort was going to win and the future of the Malfoy family was pretty hopeless. I think this was written out of the idea that Draco would be really bad at pretending that he was eleven years old again. I headcanon that the Malfoys are a pretty tight-knit family, and Draco changed a lot from when he was eleven. I'm pretty quiet, but you can bet that my parents would immediately notice something was up if I was suddenly back to when I was eleven. I'd have no clue how to act like I was eleven again and would definitely not-at-all remember what I was wanting for my birthday or whatever at that time, etc. Please note the following: 1) The Malfoys are not good people. I'm trying to write them as a loving family, but they're also manipulative supremacists. I have no idea if my attempt at balancing caring couple/parents with Slytherin assholes worked. Narcissa does some dubious things and thinks some awful stuff. Dobby is around, but not really acknowledged. 2) Again, I think this was written from the idea that Draco would suck at hiding his personality changes. Like, c'mon, he's a total momma's boy and his father spoils him rotten. They'd notice. (And no matter how old you get, I don't think you can lose the urge to cry into a loved one's arms when you're upset.) This work was originally posted to my account on AO3. Tags on AO3: Time Travel, Time Travel Fix-It, Fix-It, POV Outsider, POV Female Character, POV Narcissa Black Malfoy, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting, First Meetings, Gen or Pre-Slash, Mother-Son Relationship, Family, Malfoy Family, Fluff and Angst, Secrets, Slytherins Being Slytherins, One Shot, Wordcount: 5.000-10.000, Time travel redo, Ambiguous/Open Ending, Peggy Sue, Malfoy Manor A NEW BEGINNING Narcissa wakes with the certain feeling that something is terribly wrong. This is very strange, because the last ten years of her life have been predominantly wonderful. She has survived much and thrived greatly, and there have been no signs of her fortune possibly changing – she would know, as she watches closely even now. For something to be wrong, it must be unpredictably extraordinary, which is dangerous. Narcissa stares unseeingly at the ceiling, tense despite the golden, early morning warmth and comfort of the bedroom, and searches for the origin of the abnormality. She is the wardmaster of Malfoy Manor and knows every inch of her home from the hidden vault under the drawing room to the peacock pens outside the little kitchen. Every enchantment circles back to her in the end, and if there is someone or something out of place in her home, she will find it. When the source of the wrongness is revealed to be coming from her son's room, her heart panics through several beats. She calms herself quickly, but a chill has already settled in her chest and the wards, which have been skirting around the sudden abnormality, buzz unhappily in distress. She extracts herself from Lucius, gently but firmly removing her husband's arm from her waist, and slides out of the warm sheets, silently securing her wand as her slippers hop out from beneath the bed to meet her bare feet. Lucius mumbles nonsense and curls around her pillow as she flicks her wand at her dressing gown, which slides over her arms and wraps around her tightly as she is already striding quickly towards the door. The bedroom door opens for her without a gesture and clicks quietly shut after she steps into the dawnlit hall. As soon as the door is closed and therefore its silencing enchantments in place, Narcissa is immediately confronted by the intimidating figure in black who has been waiting for her. "Honestly, Narcissa! Couldn't you have put on more clothing than that?" Miriam Abbott-Malfoy snaps from the landscape painting opposite the door, her voice dripping with distaste. Narcissa's mother-in-law sniffs disapprovingly, her perfect painted nose raised high. "You hair is a mess. In my day, sharing a bedroom like a pair of village magicians was unheard of, you k-" At the first word, Narcissa spins on her heel and hurries down the hall, leaving Miriam to scurry through various portraits and landscapes to keep up and rant. It is the favorite thing of the portrait of Lucius' late mother to follow Narcissa through the manor and provide commentary, and Miriam is excellent at navigating through the paintings by now – scolding away while making sure to stomp on the foot of a sleeping Septimus Malfoy as she passes through. "How is Draco?" Narcissa demands, interrupting the portrait's familiar speech. Ordinarily, a disrespectful interruption would see Miriam pouting for days, but if there one thing even an impression of a witch understands, it is a parent's concern for their child. Narcissa learned at her mother's knee to make allies of the voices of a house, and she has long-since earned the portrait's loyalty. Harmless and useful things when loyal, portraits are, and all the paintings in Malfoy Manor know that family comes first. "He woke in a terrible fright, without any sign that he'd been having a nightmare," Miriam reports, lips pursed at the idea that her beloved grandson is anything less than perfectly happy. But a nightmare wouldn't set the wards abuzz, Narcissa thinks worriedly, hurrying on. "He was perfectly quiet until just now – sleeping soundly! So excited about shopping today that he stayed up two whole hours past bedtime, you know, so he should really still be sleeping at this hour!" Miriam continues, pinching a sleeping Sextus Malfoy as she skirts through his frame. "I didn't think he'd be awake until eight at least! He's never awake this early normally." Narcissa nods, because Draco sleeps as heavily as his father. He really shouldn't be up, even from excitement, especially if there were no signs of nightmares. And Miriam would know about these things. The watchfulness and detailed reports are what make Miriam the perfect portrait to watch over Draco at night, peering in on him from a jungle landscape near the ceiling because Draco would protest at having a babysitter at his age. The volume of the wards' distress intensifies as Narcissa reaches Draco's room, but the abnormality has faded to nothing and their distress has mostly calmed with all feelings of foreignness gone. The bright light of Draco's magic rests within his room without any peculiarity to it. Narcissa pauses in front of the door for a moment, suddenly uncertain. Now it seems as though the buzzing wards were spooked by nothing at all, even though that has never happened before. Perhaps it was just a burst of accidental magic, even though the abnormality felt nothing like Draco's magic. Something was terribly wrong, she knows, but it does not feel so now. The return to normality is jarring. " Well? Go on!" Miriam hisses from where she's elbowed Quintus Malfoy out of his frame. But something was wrong, so Narcissa steps forward and the doorknob turns so that the door can swing open for her. It does so as quietly as possible and Narcissa slides silently into the room to find out what might have happened to send her son into a terrible fright. Draco's room is as it was yesterday when she put him to bed, toys tidied away by the house elf and curtains drawn so that the dawn light won't wake him in the morning. But the green and silver sheets of his four-poster bed are in disarray and Draco is missing whilst his slippers still skitter until the bed. Draco is not hard to find, however, because as Narcissa's eyes adjust to the darkness, she finds her son standing in front of the full-length mirror by his wardrobe. His eyes meet hers in the mirror's reflection, and Narcissa is stunned. Draco does indeed look like he's had a terrible fright. He's paler than usual, his eyes are wide, and he's trembling slightly, the shaking especially noticeable in the hand he has resting just above the mirror's surface. "…M-mum," Draco says quietly, voice breaking. Narcissa rushes into the room, Draco spins around, and she snatches him up into an enormous hug as he throws himself almost desperately into her arms. Her wand falls to the floor and then she follows it as she sinks to her knees, enveloping Draco as much as she can. He's a little too big to fit into her lap now, something he's protested often this past year, but neither of them pay that any mind as she holds him tight and makes soothing sounds as he shakes. She doesn't know what's wrong, but she knows without a doubt that something is terribly wrong. If his heartbreaking expression weren't enough, Draco has spent the months since his eleventh birthday trying to be as "grownup" as he can – failing adorably, of course – and he has been trying to call her "Mother". If she is "Mum" again, then he must be upset. "Shh, shh, it's alright, Mum's here, it's alright," Narcissa murmurs again and again in the dark bedroom, focusing on her son and her home. "Shh, it's alright." The wards are perfectly calm again, strong and unwavering, and she is their master. They are safe and everything is fine. Narcissa draws on this feeling and assurance of protection, and she wills it towards Draco so that he too can feel the sanctuary and safety of their home. They are safe here. They stay there for a while, with Narcissa rocking back and forth and running a soothing hand down Draco's back again and again. Draco's shakes have turned to sobs – Narcissa can feel the wetness on her breast through her dressing gown – which slowly turn to hiccups and trembles. Eventually those too disappear and Draco just holds her tightly, curled up in her laps, letting out a few shuddering breaths. Narcissa presses her lips to the top of his head. "What happened, darling?" Draco stiffens slightly, then relaxes suspiciously fast. He shakes his head, draws back slightly, and mumbles without meeting her eyes, "I don't want to talk about it." Narcissa frowns but relents. At the moment, she assumes Draco had a nightmare and an outburst of accidental magic – perhaps there was a mistake in the wards that caused the abnormality. If it was a nightmare, she won't press him to relive whatever put him into a terrible fright. Draco is easily embarrassed and sensitive about it, like his father, and only becomes more stubborn and belligerent if his resistance is pushed, also like his father. She pulls him in again to press another kiss to the top of his head. "Would you like to come sleep with us for the rest of the morning?" she asks after drawing back. It is barely dawn and breakfast typically would not be for a couple more hours at least. Draco's brow furrows slightly, then he looks her over, and says, "Father won't be dressed, will he?" Then he seems