Harry Potter and the Once and Future King. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or Merlin. Summary: Harry has a twin brother, who is the boy-who-lived. Raise away from his birth family, and trained by some of the most powerful witch and wizard ever lived, Harry forged a different path for himself. Joins Hogwarts at Fourth-year. Good Dumbledore. Chapter one: Pilot – The-Boy-Who-Was-Sent-Away (1981) The wind whistled through the air, playing an age-old song, whose meanings have been lost to all those that currently dwelled on the Earth. The night veiled the shadows that lurked about. Yet, even in the covering darkness, the Moon does its best to keep the shadows at bay. But not all shadows can be contained. Godric's Hollow was a dainty village in the West County of England. Nothing seemed remarkable about it. Ordinary people do not know any significance to this village of cottages. But for the magic folk, this was the birthplace of Godric Gryffindor. And currently it was home to several wizarding families, including the family of Lily and James Potter. The night was somewhat quiet, considering it was Halloween. The grassed moved, signalling the invisible movements of the wind. A darkly robed man walked across the planes. From a distance, it would've looked like he glided across the grassy field. The birds and mice fled from his approach. Their instinct told them something fowl was headed their way. Lord Voldermort had not always been the twisted creature he became. His blood-red slitted eyes and deathly paled skin was as unnatural as his conception – his appearance was more reminiscent to a snake than to a man. He was beautiful once, a beauty he had easily traded for fear and power. It was all he needed. The current most powerful Dark Lord the world has ever seen stride with a purpose. Before him was by all appearances an ordinary mundane cottage. But Lord Voldermort could tell that it was reeked with powerful concealment magic, especially now that he was privy to its secrets. The Potters have chosen the wrong Secret Keeper. The Dark Lord smirked twistedly – he had waited a long time for this moment. Prophecy had foretold his downfall at the hands of child whom was born at the end of July. Whose parents had defied him three times. Only three children, to his knowledge, possess these qualities; Neville Longbottom, born to Alice and Frank Longbottom; then there were the twins – Harry and William Potter, sons of Lily and James Potter. The Dark Lord knew one of them to be his bane. Of course, in time, he would make sure all three candidates are taken care of, starting with the Potters. He would leave nothing to chance, after all. His servant had provided him with the perfect opportunity to strike. He learnt that the Potters were out for a meeting, leaving their sons at home with a caretaker. A foolish mistake, the Dark Lord grinned. With a simple wave of his Yew Wand, Voldermort bypassed the wards erected around the property. The door was hardly an obstacle to one such as himself. For him, the babysitter was hardly as greater deterrence than the door. A green flash of light, and the young muggle girl fell cold onto the ground. Voldermort proceed upstairs. Where there was a babysitter, there must be babies. Inside the crib was two beautiful young baby boys. They looked nearly identical. They shared the Potter features. The children looked at his curiously. The blue-eyes child however had auburn coloured hair. Lord Voldermort pointed his Wand at the blue-eyed child on the left. The red-eyed dark lord began to curl his lips. Young William began to cry loudly. His distress caused his older brother to cry out as well. "Avada Kedavra!" A flash of green light burst out of Voldermort's wand. Imbued in its foul magic was Voldermort's disdain and contempt for life. But just as suddenly, Harry Potter's eyes glowed bright gold. As the killing curse impacted William, it rebounded backwards, hitting the dark lord squarely in the chest. Voldermort let out a loud screech. A ghastly presence seemingly fled out from the window, leaving behind dust and an empty robe. Both boys fell unconscious from the ordeal, William from surviving the Killing curse, and Harry from saving his younger twin brother. (Line Break) It wasn't until hours later when the Potters would return. They immediately rushed upstairs after discovering the sitter's corpse in their living room. They had feared the worst. "Oh no. Harry! William!" As soon as they entered the children's nursery, Lily ashen when she saw the stillness of her children. Lily immediately went to carry Harry, while James checked on William. "Harry's breathing!" Lily cried out with relief. "So is William, but his head was bleeding!" James cried. Lily looked with concern at her younger son. He pulled Harry closer to her chest. "We need to get them to St Mungo!" (Line Break) "What did the Healer say?" Lily asked her husband as he returned to the waiting area. "She said they're find, but…" "What?" Lily's motherly instinct told her something was wrong, and was still very worried for her sons. "They can't heal William's scar. The Healer said that he was hit with a very powerful curse. The scans showed that it was most likely the Killing curse." James said worriedly. The scar was shaped like lightning made flesh. At that, Lily looked like she was about to faint. "Dear Merlin." She widened her eyes as she realised how close her children had come to death. "The Healer assured that William is fine, despite the Killing curse." James assured, though he only looked slightly less worried than Lily. "And Harry…" Lily's eyes whipped upwards. "What about Harry?" Her motherly concerns dialled up once more. "The healers can't sense any magic coming from him. His core is depleted. They're not sure what or how it had happened." James looked grim. "Lily, Harry is now a squib." Lily's heart ached, knowing her son was now robbed of the chance to ever use magic. "Who did this to them? Was it him? " "Albus and the other aurors are taking a look at the house. But it seems like it was." "Oh, James, it's not fair." She sobbed, pulling her husband into an embrace. James too was tearful. But he must remain strong, for his wife and his family. "We'll be okay. The boys will be okay, they're Potters." (Line Break) "Peter Pettigrew has been caught and will soon be trialled." Albus Dumbledore said. At the mention of the traitorous and backstabbing friend, James and Sirius darkened. Lily never trusted Peter as much as Sirius and Lupin out of James' Hogwarts friends. They were at one of James' other properties in York. The Potters had moved as soon as they knew their location was compromised. "As we feared, it was Voldermort whom personally visited the cottage that night, Peter has confirmed." Albus supplied. "Where is he? Can you tell us what happened?" Lily asked. She was happy that her son survived, at the same time, she was fearful that Voldermort was still out there, lurking in the shadows, waiting for an opportunity to hurt her children. Albus seemed deep in thought. "Severus has contacted me. No one seemed to be able to contact the Dark Lord, and the Dark mark on their arms seem to have almost entirely faded." "Does that mean he's dead?" James questioned hopefully, trying to eliminate the source of his unease. Albus shook his head softly. "I can't say for certain. The lack of a body, and the fact that the Dark Mark can still be seen, no matter how faded, indicates that we can't rule out his survival." "What do you think happened to him?" Sirius asked the headmaster. "I can only speculate." Albus told uneasily, "but I think it has something to do with William. He has done something no one else has ever succeeded doing, surviving the Avada Kedavra curse. I believe, by means still unknown to us, the Killing Curse must've deflected off William onto Voldermort." "Then why isn't Voldermort dead?" Sirius asked with frustration. "I believed Tom must have found safeguards to protect himself." Albus hypothesised. "He's probably very weak right now, but alive." "Can he return?" Lily asked seriously. "I don't know." Albus said sadly. "It's not impossible. But if he does, William is probably our key to defeating Voldermort." "Are you referring to the prophecy." James asked. "I never placed much stocks in prophecies." Albus admitted. "But Voldermort seemed to believe it, and in trying to prevent it, he had fulfilled it. He had marked William, which makes William the other half of the prophecy." "What about Harry, what happened to Harry?" Lily question desperately. "I'm not sure." Albus has admitted. "In all likelihood, whatever happened that night must've drained him of what little magic he had, damaging his underdeveloped core. It's been over a week, and I still can't detect any magic from the boy. I'm afraid, it's permanent." Lily began to sobbed. "Oh, Harry." The men stood sadly to the side, not knowing what to say to ease her burden. "I have a suggestion." Albus said. Everyone looked to the headmaster, even Lily had stopped crying. "I think it might be for the best if we send Harry away to live with your sister and her family." Albus suggested slowly. "No! We can't…my sister, she won't understand, she hates people like us." Lily cried shockingly. "Please, I'm not suggesting this out of ill-intent towards young Harry. I understand better than most of the burden with being a squib within the Wizarding world. My sister," Albus began softly, "she had been a squid too, and in some ways, I believe her interaction with the Wizarding world is what led to her death." What he didn't say was he believed himself to be the other factor that led to Arianne's death. Lily, James and Sirius were surprised. They did not know that Albus had a sister, let alone that she was a squib or that she had died. "Already, every wizard and witches in Britain are celebrating Voldermort's seeming demise, and are calling William the Boy-Who-lived. I'm afraid your son will have made many enemies, those who were loyal to Voldermort or his ideologies. Harry will become a target by association, and without magic, he will be ever more vulnerable to the hardships of our world. It might be a kindness to let him live a normal life without any conflict." Lily and James talked between themselves that night. Ultimately that heed Albus' advise. It broke their hearts, but they resigned themselves to the fact that William will now have to live with a target on his back, but they told themselves that Harry still had a chance to live away from danger. They also believed it would be painful for Harry to grow up seeing the world treating his twin brother like a celebrity, while himself having no magic, they did not want such a life for their eldest son. As they discussed further into the night, they came to conclude that giving Harry to Petunia would be a kind solution. At the very least, he would be with family. Lily believed she can get Petunia to agree, seeing as Harry didn't have any magic of his own. They would pay Petunia and her newly wedded husband handsomely to take care of Harry. (Line Break) Lily had spent an entire day with Harry, before she brought him to Privet Drive. Her sister had agreed to raising Harry. She was told to tell Harry that his father and mother had died in a car accident. After a year of having Harry, the Dursley moved to the United States, severing all connections with the Potters. (Line Break – four years later, 1985) Harry was now five. A bright and intelligent boy for his age.