Harry watched his best friend diligently ignore him, burying herself in school work. Ever since the start of sixth year she had been distant, it took him a few weeks to notice that the one person who always chose his side seemed to be slipping away. It left him with a strange empty feeling in his chest as he watched her pretend there was no one in the room. She looked so pretty as the fire light reflected off her honey brown curls. The portrait hole opened and Ginny stumbled forward, dragging Dean along by the hand, that monster in his chest roared as Ginny smiled brightly at his dorm mate. A book slamming shut drew his attention away from the smiling couple, looking around he saw Hermione hurriedly packing her things and rushing off to her dorm. A piece of parchment fell from her bag as she made her escape and Harry discreetly summoned it, hoping not to draw attention to his actions. Harry, You'll never read this but it makes me feel less guilty about pushing you away. This little letter, letting you know- "Oi! Harry you coming up?" Ron's voice made him jump. Harry folded the letter back up quickly, shoving it in his pocket as Ron and Seamus walked towards him, obviously finished with their marathon of wizards chess. "Yeah, sure.." Harry mumbled absently as the letter felt hot in his pocket. He quickly gathered his belongings, nodding along with his dorm mate's conversation, his mind firmly on the stolen letter. Closing the curtains to his bed, he didn't even bother joining his dorm mates for their usual nightly chat about the girls of Hogwarts. -how I really feel about you. Sad, isn't it? Some Gryffindor I am...well, it doesn't matter now I suppose, I've accepted that you'll never feel the same way about me, obviously. I've seen the girls you like, Harry and well, they're not me, are they? It's fine, I suppose, Ginny tells me that Ron fancies me. It doesn't really seem that way to me but he never was the best at expressing his emotions. She says I'm completely oblivious, after all I had no idea that Viktor fancied me until he dragged me into a broom closet and I was so startled that I hexed him! I suppose I should explain? I've been in love with my best friend for 3 years now but at the end of last year I had to say, no more. Mum sat me down and said I'll only be 16 once and that I should enjoy it while I can. At the time I just thought she was completely mental but then I almost died. I almost died at 16! While I don't regret it, not for a moment, following you to the ministry. I knew it was a trap but I couldn't let you go alone, I never will but you were the first person I looked for when I woke up but you weren't there. I understand now though, Sirius died that night but I didn't know for hours. Alone in the hospital wing, I sat down and thought about a lot of things. I remember lying on the cold floor of the department of mysteries, and it felt like dying, I think. My head was in someone's lap and I thought it was you, it eventually came to me that the smell was all wrong. Barmy, right? Like I could tell it wasn't you by your smell! Well, I laid there in Neville's lap and I remember opening my eyes to see you walking away. I knew that blood was pooling around me, thinking I would die at any moment and all I could feel was bitter that you walked away and anger at myself for only silencing my murderer. Neville, poor Neville, he tried to comfort me. I actually laughed because I couldn't understand a word he said before I blacked out. Waking up in the hospital wing I was so angry at myself, feeling pathetic. All I wanted to do was see how you were coping with Sirius's death and I realized that I almost died! That was when I knew I had to leave my love for you behind. It's not logical at all, I nearly died and all I could think about was if you were alone. I should have been worrying about the long scar that stretched all the way across my torso or how I could possibly have been so stupid to only silence Dolohov. If only I was faster, stronger, more powerful I wouldn't have gotten hurt and I wouldn't have been sitting in the hospital wing wondering where you were. So, in that I decided that this year would be different. I would distance myself, no longer would I be the walking encyclopedia of magic. I would get closer to Ron, after all he fancied me. I'm only 16 so I figure I could at least get my first kiss from one of my best friends. Great plan, right? No, not at all, instead I'm left listening to Lavender talk about how she's going to get her Won-Won and Ron's actually making cow eyes at the slag! Then I look at you and your obsessed with that bloody book or Draco Malfoy being a death eater or Ginny! Where did your new appreciation of fan girls come from? I could understand Cho, I suppose. Yes, she was a beautiful but horrible person. She was the bint stealing from Luna since her first year. Even if the girl drives me right around the twist, it's hard not to love her. Who could possibly do those things to Luna? Then, she became a right loon after Cedric, if she wasn't crying, she was plotting how to replace her dead boyfriend! And this is why you will never read this letter! I feel completely mental this year, every time you lol at me for reassurance I have to strengthen my resolve. It hurts, I miss how we were... I feel alone and- Harry sat back as the long rambling letter came to an abrupt end, she obviously just wrote more periodically as she felt frustrated. Hermione loved him? Him? Looking back at the letter he gaped at the revelation. Hermione loved him but she was trying to get over him because she didn't think he wanted her. Did he want her? He was pretty sure that he just might fancy Ginny. How did she know before him? He fell asleep with the letter held tightly in his hand. "Morning." Hermione chirped as he sat at the Gryffindor table for breakfast. She was hidden behind a large tome, much larger than anything he ever read, absently eating her porridge. Harry found himself staring at her, taking in all her features in a new light. He always knew she was pretty, the Yule ball was obvious proof that she could be could be absolutely stunning if she wanted. However, Hermione was Hermione. She never bothered with her appearance like other girls, her wild curly hair was left unruly, her robes were loose fitting, not showing off her figure, and she always had ink stains on her face and hands from scribbling furiously on her parchment. Yet still, she was beautiful when she smiled, the way her eyes lit up when they were learning some new spell, or when her hair would practically spark when she got angry with someone. "You alright there, mate?" Ron shoved his shoulder lightly, looking nervously between his best friends. Harry flushed, quickly dropping his gaze to his empty plate, the curly headed girl barely spared them a glance as she got up to leave. "Where are you going?" Harry demanded quickly as she lifted her heavy ruck sack over her shoulder. "I promised to meet Luna before class." Hermione paused to look at the bespectacled boy with a raised brow. "I'll come with you." Harry hopped up, pulling his bag with him. "You haven't even had breakfast yet, Harry." Hermione reprimanded him with a scoff before she turned to walk out the doors. Ron looked between them curiously but Lavender Brown made her entrance, her makeup was dark and sultry, her hair coifed and not a strand out of place, and uniform was just barely within regulation. She eagerly waved at the red head before taking Harry's recently vacated seat. "Well, guess I have to come!" Harry said cheekily as he snatched a few pieces of toast from the table before rushing off to catch up with Hermione. "If you insist." She shrugged indifferently, keeping her focus straight ahead, even as he watched her intently. "So, what are you meeting Luna for?" Harry asked curiously as he fell in step with Hermione, munching on his toast. "We've just been researching spells and we trade of notes once a week, then get together to practice on the weekends." Hermione shrugged nonchalantly. "Should have known you would find a more efficient way of learning everything in the Hogwarts library." Harry teased gently, a lopsided smile on his face he watched her from the corner of his eyes. "Honestly! It's nothing like that, Luna was able to find some really interesting defensive spells in the Ravenclaw library. How unfair is it that the house has it-" Hermione started to explain in her patented know-it-all tone when a shout behind them cut her off. "Oi! Granger!" Anthony Goldstein shouted as he rushed to catch up with them, the bright smile on his face dimming somewhat as he saw she wasn't alone. "Hello, Anthony." Hermione smiled pleasantly as she paused to wait for him. "Hey, I was just wondering if you were free this weekend. Help me work on charms paper I'm having problems with?" Anthony asked shyly, a blush creeping up his neck as he watched her closely. Harry bristled at her side, glaring at the Ravenclaw. "Well, actually-" Hermione started regretfully but Harry quickly cut her off. "Sorry, she's got plans. Helping me with a potions project." Harry interjected loudly, they both turned to look at Harry incredulously as he blushed under their gaze. "Yeah, sorry Anthony I suppose I forgot." Hermione mumbled sheepishly, shooting Harry a perturbed look as the blonde prefect looked crest fallen. "Hey maybe another time, yeah?" Anthony asked hopefully, ignoring Harry's glare. "Sure!" Hermione smiled warmly and checked her watch. "Oh, but I have to meet Luna. I'll talk to you in runes?" "Yeah, Hermione...see you then." Anthony beamed as he quickly turned to rush back to the great hall. "What was that about?" Hermione demanded as soon as the Ravenclaw was out of hearing range. "You know how I feel about that book, Harry!" "I know..." Harry faltered under her glare, taking in her flashing amber eyes and the way her hair practically stood on end as she reprimanded him. No doubt about it she was definitely beautiful when she was angry but Harry obviously couldn't tell her that in her current state. "I wanted your advice. I thought since the books not cursed you could look it over with me...make sure it's not evil?" He asked hopefully, shoving his hands in his pocket nervously. The folded piece of parchment felt hot in his hands but oddly comforting as he stared at him critically. "Well...if you let me run some tests on the book first." Hermione said sternly after a moment of thought. "Really?" Harry asked incredulously, taken back at how quickly she relented to look at the potions book with him. After all, he did offer to let her share with him in classes but she lectured him on it being dangerous and cheating. "Harry," Hermione paused as she chewed her lips thoughtfully, she looked up at him with her bright eyes, so full of concern and care. He felt his heart skip a beat at the tender look on her face, briefly wondering if she always looked at him