Hey guys! So, this idea just kinda came to me a while back and I finally got around to putting it into words. It didn't really come out the way I'd thought it would, but what are you gonna do? Anyway, that's really it, so, without further ado, here is the story: Annabeth sat on the back porch steps of her parents' house in San Francisco, watching as Percy threw a football back and forth with her twin brothers, who alternated between catching, throwing, and trash-talking the other. The two of them, now thirteen, reminded her a lot of some of the younger demigods at Camp Half-Blood, the age group she had spent the better part of her life around and was more comfortable with, than the little kids her brothers had been classified as just a few years earlier. They had recruited Percy to join them outside about half an hour earlier and she had followed, intent on watching and enjoying the nice day. It was mid-November, just a few weeks before Thanksgiving, and Annabeth and Percy were spending the weekend with her parents, getting away from New Rome for the weekend, where the two of them were about three months into their freshmen year, attending the university there. Even with living so close to the Chases' home in San Francisco now, Annabeth didn't get to see them very often, on account of college being busy and mortals not being allowed inside Camp Jupiter. Things had been pretty quiet for both Percy and Annabeth that past week though, and they had decided it was a good time to finally go. At some point during the boys' game, Frederick and Theresa, Annabeth's dad and stepmom, had made their way out onto the porch as well and sat together at the outdoor table, watching them and talking quietly. It was probably the most peaceful things had been for Annabeth in a while. She'd brought a book out with her, but had given up reading it pretty quickly, in favor of watching the football game instead, her ADHD not allowing for anything else at the moment. Over the years, she'd gotten pretty good at tuning out the world while reading, despite the hyperactive half-blood in her. But right now, she didn't care enough to really try. She loved watching Percy with her brothers, with kids in general (although the twins didn't really count at such anymore). He was so good with them and they loved him. Bobby and Matthew had adored him from the first time they'd met him, which Annabeth hadn't even been around for. It made her happy, every time, to see him interacting with them. He'd make a great father one day. "Hey, Annabeth!" Percy's voice broke her out of her peaceful thoughts. She looked over to see him looking at her, football in hand. Before she'd even met his gaze, the ball had already left his grasp and was spiraling though the air toward her. She reached up and caught the football out of the air before even bothering to stand up to throw it back. Percy's grin was easygoing as he caught it. Matthew and Bobby looked shocked. " You can throw a football?" the latter demanded. "Of course she can," Percy answered for her, tossing it to him in turn. He was right. After all the training she'd done and the wars she'd fought in, and the Athena genes she had, of course she could catch and throw a football, if for no other reason then because it was a simple mathematical calculation. The twins, however, wouldn't know that. And they really hadn't seen enough of her in their lives to know, which was sad but true. "No, but seriously," Matthew spoke up, "That was, like, perfect." "What, did you doubt my ability or something?" Annabeth chided, smiling. "Maybe," Matthew replied, his shocked expression turning into a grin. "Maybe I still do. Do it again." Annabeth cocked an eyebrow but smiled as she walked into the yard and toward where they stood, stopping to stand about twenty feet from them. "Alright, fine." Bobby threw the ball at her, clearly trying for hard and fast to make it difficult. Annabeth caught it easily, allowing an amused grin to cross her face as she threw it back to him, just as hard, and grinned wider when he barely caught it. A perfect spiral. "Well, alright then," Matthew said, sounding impressed. Always a gratifying scenario. "Wanna play with us?" Bobby asked. Still smiling, Annabeth answered, "Sure." Percy met her eyes across the yard and grinned crookedly. She smiled back. "We have four now. We could do two-on-two," Bobby announced, oblivious to their exchange. They all agreed. They teamed up, Matthew and Percy against Annabeth and Bobby. The latter had been disappointed with this arrangement, but quickly changed his mind after Annabeth gained them a point from the very first play. The game went on like that for a while, with, Annabeth noted, Frederick and Theresa looking on with smiling faces. The teams were pretty evenly matched and the score stayed pretty close. It was supposed to be "touch" football, which was the only kind Theresa would allow, though the twins did get a little violent with each other at times, and at one point, Annabeth caught a pass from Bobby and got about halfway across their "field" before Percy grabbed her, wrapping his arms around her and spinning her in a circle until they were both laughing and the twins were complaining about PDA, as if they had any real clue at all about what that was. They reached the last play with the score tied 7-7 and Annabeth starting with the ball. They began, the three spreading out from her in anticipation of her move and she was about to pass the football to Bobby when she stopped for just a second in startled dread. Percy was jogging hurriedly backward, glancing quickly to Matthew for obvious confirmation of something, and not looking behind him as a familiar, unfriendly creature-a gryphon-was stalking quickly toward him. "Percy!" she yelled, eyes wide. Thankfully, he knew from her tone to look behind him instead of at her. All their years fighting together had taught him that, at least, but the monster was still too close. He wouldn't be able to do anything in time. Annabeth did the fastest thing she could think of: she threw the football at its head. It was a futile attempt, it didn't do much, but it was enough. The gryphon stumbled back half a step in surprise, giving Percy the chance he needed to dance out of the way and get Riptide out. "Anna-!" Bobby began to protest; horrified at her destruction of the play, completely unaware of the immediate danger he and his brother were in. Annabeth was already running, fishing her dagger out of the waistband of her jeans. "Get out of here!" she yelled at him and Matthew, not taking the time to see that they did, but praying they were smart enough to listen. She was almost to where Percy had started swinging at the monster with Riptide; maybe two seconds had passed. She glanced to the side of her, where her parents were just getting to their feet, realizing what was going on. She met her dad's eyes, doing her best to shout I'm so sorry as vehemently as she could with her expression before she had to turn back to face their opponent. Maybe it was wishful thinking, but she thought she saw him nod. She didn't have her hat on her-it was upstairs in her room, so invisibility wasn't an option. Their go-to plan was out the window for this one. They would be okay without it. It wasn't the first time. Annabeth had never fought a gryphon before, but she knew Percy had. She came to stand a few feet to his right, just as his sword slipped slightly and the gryphon got in a lucky hit, lashing out with its claw and slicing into and down his cheek. Blood appeared immediately and he cried out once in surprised pain, but didn't back down. Annabeth had already taken advantage of the opening the monster had given her and drove her knife into its side, frustratingly missing anything vital. It reared toward her, unexpectedly fast, screeching furiously in pain, and would have carved her in two with its beak if Percy hadn't gone on the offense at the same time. "Hey, Ugly!" he yelled angrily as bright blood dripped down his cheek, "You came after me , remember?" He stabbed his sword up through the monster's chest, a clean attack, and with one last ear-shattering shriek, it exploded into dust, which the wind carried across the lawn, where it settled like a layer of golden glitter, sparkling in the afternoon sun. The world was silent as she took a breath and then ran to where Percy stood, ripping a large piece from his already torn, bloodied shirt, and lifting it to his face, which was bleeding pretty impressively. " Di Immortales, " he muttered, still not looking quite over the surprise of the gryphon yet in the first place. "You okay?" "Me? Have you seen yourself lately, Seaweed Brain?" She spoke calmly. After some of the injuries she'd seen, his was nothing, just a nasty flesh wound. And as long as he got some Ambrosia in him, it wouldn't scar. "No, actually," Percy answered in the same tone, and then more serious, asked, "How bad is it? It's bleeding a lot." He lifted the already-blood-soaked shirt piece from his cheek for emphasis. She came closer and examined it. Even in the second he head lifted his makeshift bandage away, more blood had oozed out. "You'll be okay." She said, digging in her pocket for the Ambrosia she always had on her for emergencies such as this. It was pretty squished and crumbled, but it was Ambrosia all the same. She unwrapped it from its plastic wrap and continued, "Lucky it's your cheek and not something else. That thing just missed your eye." Percy opened his mouth and she placed the deformed square casually in it, watching as he chewed it. She waited a few seconds before pulling the bandage away, relieved to see the wound beginning to close. "Put some water on it. That will heal it some more." Percy gave her the best amused look he could with the injury to his face. "Thank you, Mom," he said, "I think I've got it." She gave him a look of her own, trying not to smile. Percy grinned in response and quickly brought his lips to hers in a quick, gentle kiss that tasted of blood. They turned toward the house and Annabeth could see Bobby and Matthew standing just inside the open sliding glass door, watching them with identical looks of horror and shock. Her father stood just beyond them, in the kitchen. He caught her eye, his expression unreadable. Theresa was out of sight. Annabeth's heart sank. She'd been doing so well these past few years in the monster department. Now, she wondered if the relationship she'd managed to salvage with her family was gone for good, just like that. She was more upset by the thought than she would've liked to admit. "It'll be alright," Percy murmured to her, taking her hand in his and squeezing it gently as they walked. Annabeth shifted her gaze to meet his, but said nothing. They stopped at the side of the porch, where the garden hose was wound neatly. Percy pulled his ruined shirt off and tossed it to the ground at his feet, along with the piece he'd been holding to his face, before turning it on and cleaning the remaining blood from his body. He held it on his injured cheek last, letting the water soak the wound and heal it the rest of the way. After a