Hi guys! I am so happy to finally have this story ready for you guys. For those of you who read my story All That Matters, you might know that the last chapter of that fic leaves off with Percy and Annabeth leaving for their trip west to New Rome for college. I got a TON of feedback requesting that I write that trip out for you guys, and now, more than two years later, I have finally written it. You by no means have to have read ATM first to read this. It completely works as a separate story. It took a LONG time. Literally, I started this story for you months ago, and after a lot of time, research, and some writer's block, I think I'm fairly happy with the finished product. It's the longest one-shot I've ever written and I hope you enjoy it! Hour One Percy was quiet for the first hour as the reality of what they were doing really sunk in. He studied the road ahead as he drove, looking thoughtful and the slightest bit sad, and Annabeth didn't need to ask to know what was going through his head. He'd lived in New York his entire life. His family, camp; everything familiar was there. The only time he was away for any extended period of time had been for the months leading up to and during the quest to Greece, which had not been his choice. Now, for the first time in his life, he had packed his belongings up and left home. He was moving across the country and starting a new chapter of life somewhere else. She'd spent most of her life moving around, jumping from one home and one family to another. From her father's house in Virginia, to on the run with Luke and Thalia, to camp with Percy, to New York City for school, to California when her family moved there. Back to camp. Back to New York. Annabeth had never stayed in one place long, so leaving now didn't bother her much. She got attached to people more than locations and while she would miss her friends at camp and Percy's mom, the person who meant the most to her was coming with her. So she was fine. She couldn't relate to Percy's feelings, but she did understand and she didn't press. "Are you okay?" she asked quietly after a while. He nodded, his eyes on the highway straight ahead, "Yeah." He didn't say anything more and she didn't reply. This was what he wanted; he'd said so himself. The transition would be hard, but he would be fine and so would she. They had each other, after all, and as they'd proven on numerous occasions, that was all they really needed. Hour Two At some point they settled into a groove. Percy switched on the radio and tapped his fingers to the music on the wheel as he drove. Annabeth pulled out a book and propped her feet up on the dashboard to read. It was dark now and she was glad she'd thought to bring a book light with her. They'd been smart to leave after dinner. Traffic coming out of the city was light, dying down for the night, and they'd crossed the border into Pennsylvania a few minutes ago. Without stopping or hitting traffic, it was about a forty-three hour drive from Percy's apartment in Manhattan to the Caldecott Tunnel right outside Camp Jupiter. It would be longer than that before they arrived though. They would, of course, need to eat and she figured they would also need to stop half a dozen times for gas. They were looking at about two and a half days of travel. She sighed, thinking about that and wished they'd had the option to fly. She didn't consider herself that impatient of a person, but forty-three hours—at the absolute best— was a long time to be in the car. It was going to be a long trip. Hour Three " What are you doing?" Pause. " This is the fast lane. You have to at least do the speed limit!" Pause. "Gods, seriously?" "Percy. I'm trying to sleep here." "Sorry. This guy in front of us is an idiot." "Well, voice your frustration with idiots more quietly, would you, Seaweed Brain?" Hour Four Annabeth had never really minded sleeping in the car. The passenger seat of the Prius didn't make for the most comfortable bed, but the quiet hum of the engine and the vibration of the car as it moved was relaxing and it lulled her to sleep when she let it. She managed a solid hour of uninterrupted sleep and woke up to a less crowded interstate. Hour Five "Gods, how big is this state?" Percy complained, glaring in the dimness at the sign that said they still had thirty miles until they reached the Ohio state border. "Pennsylvania's almost three hundred miles across," Annabeth said helpfully from behind the wheel. "I feel like we've been in it forever." "Well if you'd go to sleep like you're supposed to, you wouldn't have to see it anymore," she told him with a smirk. It was after 1am now. Annabeth, who had napped for a while earlier in the night, had taken over driving half an hour before so Percy could get some rest. They had promised Sally to stop and sleep when they needed to, but the both of them had more experience than most operating on little to no sleep and while they would make good on their promise if they needed to, as long as they switched off at the wheel and napped occasionally, she was sure they wouldn't have to. She saw the look Percy gave her from the corner of her eye and smiled wider. "Seriously," she said, "Sleep. When you wake up, we'll be in a different state." "Fine," he replied, shifting to get comfortable, "Wake me up when you want to switch." "I'll be fine. Goodnight." Percy, his eyes closed, smiled. "Goodnight." Hour Six Annabeth didn't have extensive experience with driving through the middle of the night. Not in a car, at least. She found she rather liked it. Interstate 80 was deserted at two in the morning. Other than the occasional eighteen-wheeler, they were the only ones around. With the cruise control set at seventy-four, she kept to the left and enjoyed the ride, allowing her mind to wander. While driving had never been something she'd found particularly difficult, it was sometimes hard to focus on the task when there was a lot of traffic around. She'd turned on classical music a little bit ago. Percy hated it and she wasn't a huge fan herself, but the pattern and rhythm of it was calming to the ADHD brain and it helped her get through mile after mile without getting too restless. It also bored Percy to tears and she hoped it was brain numbing enough to allow him some decent rest for a few hours. He wasn't as good at sleeping in a moving car as she was. As demigods, they'd slept in some pretty awful places in the past, but usually those places were stationary. While the moving of the car was calming to Annabeth, it distracted and annoyed him. Her mind wandered as she drove and she found herself thinking of the future. She'd been apprehensive when Percy had first talked about New Rome and expressed interest in attending college there someday, but the place, along with the idea, had grown on her, and even if she hadn't been totally sure by the end of the Second Giant War, the fact that Percy was going was enough to convince her fully. They'd spent enough time on opposite ends of the country. She'd go where he did. And she was happy about it. New Rome University was a great school, with an excellent architecture program. And if Percy was right about one thing, it was that it certainly would be nice to enjoy a few years together without monsters chasing them or quests hanging over their heads. That alone made it worth it. She'd also be nearer to her dad than she'd been in years and she was looking forward to the opportunity to spend more time with him. Their relationship had been much better since Percy had first convinced her to try living there again at twelve years old, but there was always room for improvement and she was excited for the opportunity. Hour Seven They hit a small bump in the road and Percy jerked awake, his hand going for his pocket. He looked around wildly for a second and then relaxed back into the seat. Annabeth glanced at him. "You okay?" "Yeah, sorry. I was having a nightmare." She'd figured as much. Nightmares were not uncommon for either of them. "Bad?" He shook his head. "No." He looked around, "Where are we?" "Somewhere in Ohio." She smirked. "Not in Pennsylvania anymore." "Good," he said, staring out the windshield tiredly. "You can sleep for a little longer if you want, Seaweed Brain." He shrugged. "Do you want a break?" She shook her head. "I'm fine. Wide awake." "Okay. Yeah, I'll sleep for another hour or so and then we can trade off and I'll drive until the sun rises." "Works for me." Hour Eight It was after three when her eyes began to grow heavy, the effects of her earlier nap having faded significantly. They were less than fifty miles from the Indiana state border. They'd been on the road for a while now and she was starting to feel the effects of it. Driving wasn't exhausting the same way fighting wars was, but it was draining in its own way. There was no adrenaline coursing through her veins to keep her going here. The gas tank was nearing empty and she pulled off the next exit and into the first station she saw, incredibly grateful for the opportunity to get out and stretch a bit. The brightness of the station was a stark contrast to the dark, empty highway and Percy woke up as she shut the engine off. "What time is it?" he asked, stretching. "Late," she answered, opening her door. He glanced at the watch on his wrist—the replacement for the original lost in Alcatraz. "Three-twenty." "Mhmm," was her response before getting out of the car. He followed suit and faced her overtop the vehicle, resting his hands on his forearms, folded on the roof, while she paid and began pumping gas into the car. He studied her for a minute. "You look tired." She shrugged by way of response. He straightened and walked around the back of the car to where she stood. "I'll do this," he said, brushing his fingers against the wrist of the hand that held the fuel pump. She looked up at him and was about to argue, but changed her mind and let him take over. She had to use the bathroom anyway. She pecked him quickly on the lips and then turned toward the small store to do just that and thought if she had to be in the car for three days, there wasn't anyone else she'd rather do it with. Hour Nine She must have fallen asleep quickly after returning to the car, because the next thing Annabeth was aware of, they were back on the highway, speeding toward Indiana, and the clock on the dashboard said it was after four. At some point, she guessed pretty early into his turn at the wheel, Percy had turned off her classical music in exchange for something more his style. Alternative rock sounded from the speakers, softly enough that he'd obviously not wanted to bother her. He hummed quietly along as he drove. He was so adorable. Smiling to herself, she shifted in her seat to a more confortable position and settled in to sleep for