I worked my butt off for several months on this, I sure hope the number of mistakes is very low. I don't own the LOTR series. " Cause all of me Loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you. " - "All of Me" by John Legend Soon after the departure of the elves, Éowyn marries Faramir and becomes queen of Rohan. She is a very proud and just queen, but also kind and compassionate. Their alliance with Gondor created a pair of strong kingdoms. They overthrew many kingdoms that tried to besiege them. The Rohan-Gondor alliance was a force to be reckoned with, and so peacetimes fell upon their land as they remained unchallenged for several years. Legolas was among the few elves that remained during the Reign of Men, as many called it. He was a respected advisor to Aragorn as well as a coloured warrior. Éomer was an ambassador of sorts to the kingdom. He led many knights into successful battles. He was a noteworthy general that struck fear into the hearts of the Rohan-Gondor enemies. He himself fought with a sense of reckless abandon, but was good at bouncing back from the numerous injuries he was always receiving, and peacetimes were hard on him as he was often cooped up for political conferences that had never been of importance to him before as the aligned kingdoms began to consider expanding. . Legolas and Éomer are often crossing paths due to the constant influx of ambassadors of certain districts within either kingdom. There is discussion of new laws that may or may not be put in place and the possibility of expansion. Everyone wants a part in the conversation, to appeal to the King of Gondor or the Queen of Rohan. There are many moments in which their eyes meet and sometimes even a chance for them to talk. Legolas knows this to be a precarious path for him as he still has lingering feelings for the very king of Gondor, but those lingering feelings are quickly shaping into a new portrait that makes Legolas beyond nervous. He begins to avoid having conversations with his newfound friend for fear of suffering yet another broken heart. This, however, only leads to Éomer suspecting that something has gone wrong, and Éomer is a straightforward and honest kind of soldier. So upon one of Legolas's many attempts to abscond without being seen by Éomer, Éomer stops him. "Legolas, are you alright?" Éomer asks this carefully for fear of scaring Legolas into dashing away. Legolas dons a stoic expression. "I am fine," he responds stiffly, and Éomer knows better than to simply believe this to be true. Legolas is obviously trying to lie to him. Éomer shakes his head in disappointment and sighs. He thought they had a closer friendship. "Legolas... I've noticed how you gaze at Aragorn," Éomer begins carefully, worried after his friend. Legolas frowns slightly. "I don't," Legolas responds firmly before quickly storming off. After Éomer's apparent line crossing, Legolas avoids Éomer like the plague, obviously a little hurt and angry with Éomer but refuses to do a thing about it. Éomer begins to think their friendship is ruined. "Legolas," Aragorn calls Legolas's attention, noticing the strife between Éomer and his advisor with a little help from Arwen. Legolas turns to the king with a look of surprise, though it is a small expression as Legolas isn't terribly expressive. "You and Éomer were such fine friends... What happened?" Aragorn says frankly, catching Legolas by surprise. Aragorn was always a straightforward person, but he never thought Aragorn would have even noticed such a thing. "Nothing," Legolas replies simply, refusing to give Aragorn even a bit of information. He no longer felt that feeling that Éomer had been hinting to the other day. The conversation is then lost as Legolas quickly leaves. Éomer finds himself growing concerned for Legolas because unrequited love is tough. He hasn't experienced it, but he knows how it can affect a human... Legolas gets irritated by Éomer's concern and they fight a lot, more than before and it only leads to further concern on Éomer's part. "Legolas, can you not forget your sentiments for Aragorn?" Éomer asks, gripping Legolas's upper arms tightly and concern filling his eyes. Legolas wearily begins to pull away, confused by Éomer's actions. He doesn't know what to think, or even what to do. Legolas avoids Éomer for several days. This leaves Éomer with one thousand and one questions that consistently fall unanswered. Just catching sight of a bit of platinum blonde hair is sometimes enough to send Éomer dashing after the other person, which causes many awkward mishaps that Éomer can't even stop himself from causing. Catching Legolas has become almost of the utmost importance for no reason at all. Éomer is frustrated. No , he is more than that. He is irritated and hurt, and he doesn't understand entirely why that is, but it happens to be. In silence, Éomer's emotions simmer and begin to boil over into something far beyond just mere irritation. Confusion only becomes more and more overwhelming for him. How can he know that bringing up Legolas's sentiments for Aragorn would set the usually so collected elf off? He couldn't have known. That knowledge only serves to increase Éomer's mounting vexation. Éomer chases after yet another potential Legolas and winds up slamming into a small, blond girl with wide eyes. "I'm sorry," Éomer apologises quickly and helps her to her feet. The girl nods, blushing slightly as Éomer quickly walks off, coming to a realisation that practically blindsides him and trips him up a bit. He realizes, in chasing after Legolas, that he has fallen in love with Legolas. How ? Éomer doesn't have words to even begin to explain how he comes to the conclusion, how he can explain how he even feels such feelings for Legolas. Éomer is left even more confused than before with the addition of apprehension. He has never felt this way before. Éomer begins to desperately try to run into Legolas, but seemingly to no avail. Legolas is very good at avoidance, but perhaps there is something that drives him to avoid Éomer, something that is a far better motivator than mere anger. Is it possible for Legolas to be aware of Éomer's not-so-platonic feelings? It is a possibility, although a bit of a mind-boggling one for Éomer. Finally, Éomer is able to grab Legolas after a meeting in the throne room, albeit with a struggle from Legolas's end. They almost start running through the tall, marble halls, but Legolas believes himself more mature than to take to such tactics. So he is caught. Éomer holds fast to Legolas's arm in order to prevent Legolas from absconding. "What is it that I did that was so wrong? I am sure that I am sorry for it, but I'm unaware of what I should be apologising for, and if anything, I no longer wish for this fight to continue. I am tired of it. I thought us to be good friends," Éomer is careful with his words as he tries to mask his own feelings for Legolas, "Even you look winded by all of this. Your eyes are dark, and you do not smile. Not even slightly." Éomer gestures towards the dark circles under Legolas's eyes. "It doesn't concern you," Legolas returns firmly in attempt to brush Éomer off. Éomer holds Legolas's arms in a vice grip, staring deep into his eyes, as serious as ever, "It does. Are we not friends?" Legolas grimaces, pulling against Éomer's hold a little bit, and Éomer tightens his grip slightly, "I won't let you run away this time." "We are not 'friends'," Legolas says icily, and Éomer gives Legolas a pained look. "You do not mean that," Éomer replies after a long moment. Legolas's eyes fall to the floor, and he is silent for an extended period of time. Éomer waits, albeit a little impatiently, but does his best to hide it. "You're right," Legolas whispers finally. He does not meet Éomer's eyes as he is vaguely embarrassed. He has not had to admit to a friendship before, and it is a strange feeling. "Then tell me, have you been able to let go of Aragorn?" Éomer presses Legolas. Legolas meets Éomer's eyes in shock, his lips pressing into a thin line as he thinks over his response. Legolas takes a deep breath. "Yes." A pregnant pause falls over the pair as Éomer's eyes search for some kind of elaboration to be written across Legolas's face, turning up with nothing. "That's good," Éomer bears a small, nervous smile. He does not know what else he can say. He wants to ask after Legolas's dark circles but fears the possible responses he can receive in reaction. Their eyes meet, and a long, angst filled pause ensues. Legolas's eyes fall, travelling over Éomer's lips. Éomer releases Legolas's arms, turning away as he grows embarrassed to have been so close to Legolas. Legolas wishes Éomer hadn't moved but does not voice the thought, instead finding himself growing relatively concerned by the thought's occurrence. Legolas has never thought such a thing consciously before, and it disturbs him. Éomer walks away, and Legolas doesn't move, a little lost in thought. Sadly, Legolas begins avoiding Éomer again, this time for a little less than noble reasons. Thoughts plague his mind, many involving Éomer, and they frighten Legolas. He can't stop thinking about being... intimate with Éomer. He's embarrassed. Aragorn notices that the two's relationship has seemed to worsen. He looks to his wife for aid, as she seems better tasked with understanding things. "I am worried for Legolas. He has been in a continued strife with one of his friends for a long time now. What do you think we should do?" Arwen smiles at Aragorn. " We will not interfere, though there was a riot down in one of the port towns that we should have a pair look after," she says cryptically, but Aragorn knows what Arwen means after many years of practise to figure out what she is implying. Aragorn grins, nodding. "Yes, we should." Thus, Legolas and Éomer travel together toward the lower lands, barely meeting each other's gaze the entire time. Not even a knife can cut through the level of angst that lingers in the air around the pair. Then the storm comes. Legolas and Éomer take shelter in a cave. It isn't really the best spot. Legolas can smell the scent of mildew upon entry, but it isn't like they can ride in such a blinding downpour. The ground even shakes at times from the thunder and lighting. At first, they are able to keep busy setting up their camp within the cool cave, but eventually the idle work runs out. Legolas isn't the sort that minds idle silence, but it obviously has the potential to drive Éomer absolutely mad. The man can barely sit still, for one, but perhaps he is only able to remain silent while riding because he is thinking about their direction and the like. "Tell me, what did I do to upset you?" Éomer suddenly speaks up. Legolas jumps in surprise at the sound of Éomer's voice and glances toward him. Legolas doesn't bother with making a response, occupying himself with starting a fire with a very serious expression. Éomer sighs rather loudly. "Why do you ignore me? What did I do wrong?" Éomer says with sharp, passionate gesticulations. Legolas finally meets Éomer's eyes for longer than a moment, but it is not long before he looks away again, refocusing on the fire-making with increased vigour. Éomer is a little frustrated but mostly