"STOP! Do not touch it, we shall all perish if the Dark Lord comes now!" "If she dies under questioning, I'll take you next." "You are a lying, filthy Mudblood, and I know it! You have been inside my vault at Gringotts! Tell the truth, tell the truth!" "We've never been inside your vault...It isn't the real sword! It's a copy, just a copy!" "It's a fake." "Good. And now, we call the Dark Lord." "NOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Ron had burst into the drawing room; Bellatrix looked around, shocked; she turned her wand to face Ron instead - "Expelliarmus!" he roared, pointing Wormtail's wand at Bellatrix, and hers flew into the air and was caught by Harry. "STOP OR SHE DIES!" Hermione felt her jugular throbbing. It pulsated and pushed back against the sharp edge of the blade that was slicing a thin line into her throat. Bellatrix's grip tightened around her hair, pulling her head back even farther and pressing the knife even deeper. She was only faintly aware of the yelling going on around her through the sound of her blood flowing through her veins and rushing to her head. There was a crash and a shatter, as a spray of glass shards that sliced into her flesh. Warm, sticky blood slipped from the cuts in her face as she was forcefully thrown from one pair of thin, cold arms and into another. "Draco! Take it to the cellars!" ordered Bellatrix. She would have struggled, but she didn't have the strength. Malfoy dragged her into the hall, and she made every effort to memorize what turns he took. Out of the drawing room doors, seven large steps, a left, three more steps, a right then...her vision blurred and her stomach flipped. She groaned, as she was sure she missed a step. They went through a heavy wooden door, and down a steep flight of stairs. She landed hard on the cement floor and looked back to the doorway where the tall, blonde boy stood, silhouetted faintly from the light behind him. Her blood was smeared was into his white dress shirt, creating stains that could never be washed away. A strangled sob forced its way out of her mouth as she collapsed in on herself, no longer able to hold it together. He slammed the iron gate, devoid of sympathy, turned his back, and retreated up the staircase. She flinched as the heavy door at the top of the stairs slammed shut. In the hall, Draco looked down at himself. His arms were streaked with her blood, his shirt soaking in all that it could. He started toward another staircase at the end of the South Hall, the one that lead up to the bedrooms. He had his shirt off before he reached his room. He carried it with him into his bathroom and threw it into the bin just inside the door. "Incendio," he muttered, his wand pointed at the cloth. A small fire erupted, engulfing all the rubbish. He watched the flames dance, and listened to them cackle as they burned away her muddy blood. Then, with a quick Aguamenti charm, he doused the flames with a small jet of water. Her blood was still splattered across his body, sinking into his skin. The blood of a schoolmate, someone he'd known for over five years, someone who'd gone to the same classes, done the same homework, and eaten the same food, was on his arms, his chest, and his hands. His breathing grew shallow and he started to panic. It was still the blood of a mudblood. It was the blood of mudblood and it was sinking into his skin. His arms flew out in front of him and into the bathroom cabinets, desperate to find anything to clean off the filth. He ran the hot water until it was almost scalding. He scrubbed his arms raw and his chest until it hurt so bad he couldn't continue. His breathing started to calm once he was clean but his pain only worsened. He felt as if he were on fire. His hand tightly gripped the edges of the sink and he stared at his reflection in the mirror, ignoring the pain. A loud crash from below caught his attention. His aunt must not be too pleased. After he found a clean shirt, he went back downstairs, but stopped just outside of the door. "How could this happen?!" Bellatrix bellowed. She paced the floor, stomping her heavy boots into the wood. Her chest heaved with anger and her mouth twitched into a snarl. "Perhaps if we called upon the Dark-" Lucius began to suggest, his voice wary and a little shaky. But before he could finish Bellatrix spun on her heels and shot a nonverbal spell into his chest. He flew back and landed with a crash on the floor behind him. Narcissa flinched. Bellatrix marched over to Lucius, wand at her side. "We had the boy and now we don't! We had the boy and he - got - away!" Lucius kept his eyes closed, but she was so close that he could smell the decay in her breath and feel her matted curls hanging around him. "I don't think my Lord would be too pleased with that, do you?" With as much dignity as he could muster, he replied with a simple, "no." Bellatrix straightened up and looked down at him with a crazed gleam in her eyes. She tapped the tip of her wand on her chin. "In fact I think someone should be punished. This is your filthy house, isn't it Lucius? So tell me how is it they got away?" Lucius opened his mouth to respond but Bellatrix cut him off, pointing her wand in his direction. "Crucio!" He yelled out in pain, unable to stop himself. "Sister!" Narcissa cried out with a forced sternness, shocked and unable to watch the torture of her husband at the hands of her own sister. Bellatrix stopped, but didn't take her eyes off of Lucius. Seeing a supposedly noble man writhe on the floor in tears of pain at the end of her wand brought her immense joy. "Perhaps the mudblood will know where they've gone," Narcissa offered. Her voice was soft and calm but her heart was beating rapidly. Her sister had not always been this way, but as her devotion to the Dark Lord grew, so did her madness. Bellatrix turned around to face her sister, but a small sound from the other side of one of the doors caught her attention. "Draco, you should know better than to eavesdrop!" The door in front of him flew open, almost smashing into his face. His reflexes, honed by years of Quidditch and paranoia, spared him a broken nose. He stumbled back, but quickly regained his composure. With his shoulders squared and his spine straight Draco stepped into the room. Bellatrix snarled at him, primitive, but turned her attention back to Narcissa. "Do you suggest we torture her, Cissy?" She asked, a hopeful tone in her voice. "I suggest we do what we have to do." Narcissa's gaze went behind Bella and to her husband. Lucius had only just started to stand, using the heavy mantle of large fireplace behind him for leverage. His eyes were glazed over, milky and unfocused. She hated to see him like this, weak and powerless. He'd done so much for their family, given up so much...and for what? For her sister to treat him like a common house elf? Her eyes then darted to the right, toward the entrance of the drawing where Draco, her only son, her only child, was standing in wait. He looked so stoic, so much like his father used to. Would Draco be the next one to cry on the floor in pain? She focused her attention back to her sister. Bellatrix cackled and began to lightly skip around. "Torture, torture, torture! Oh lovely, lovely day!" She laughed and clapped her hands, all too happy to inflict insurmountable amounts of pain onto any foul little mudblood, let alone the special one she had locked away in the dungeons. Draco drew in a deep breath and stepped further into the room. What he was about to say wouldn't make Bellatrix happy but it had to be said. He knew Granger, and he knew Gryffindors. She would never give up Potter, not for anything. It wouldn't matter what Bellatrix did to her or how much pain she felt, that damned Gryffindor bravery would never let her reveal anything. "It won't work," he said firmly, if not defingly. Bellatrix stopped and glared at him, cocking her head to the left. He held his position, staring straight ahead and not at his deranged aunt. "What did you say to me, child?" He kept his composure and moved his head ever so slightly to look at her. The amount of madness in his aunt's face could be frightening, but he'd long since learned that if he looked at her as a child he could hold onto his voice better. "I said, it won't work." Bella marched around the fallen chandelier and closer to her nephew. The shattered crystal crunched under her boots, heavy with her rage. "Careful now, we wouldn't want you to end up like your father." She pointed her wand back at Lucius but did nothing. He flinched anyway. Draco couldn't look at his father. He couldn't look at Bellatrix, either. He'd always been taught, and always believed, that family was everything. You can depend on your family and your family can depend on you. They were Malfoys and they were Blacks. They were pureblood, and they protected each other. But here he was, standing in a sitting room of his childhood home, watching his father cower under the wand of his aunt. "If she didn't give up the sword after what you've already done to her," he started, trying to push the sound of Hermione's screams and the smell of her blood burning out of his head , "she won't give up the people she cares for." Bellatrix examined the boy, tilting her head to the side as she tried to figure out what angle he was playing from. Narcissa came to her son's defense. "He has a point, dear sister. However, there may be... other ways to gather the information we're after." All three Malfoys stared at Bellatrix, waiting for a response. The room was silent, save for the ticking of the centuries old grandfather clock in the corner and the occasional whimper from Lucius as he tried to breath without pain. Minutes of palpable tension passed before a jagged smile spread across her face. "Yes, perhaps there is." She turned to face Narcissa, but still addressed Draco. "Draco, be a good little boy and fetch us some water." Confused, he gave a short nod and turned to leave. He passed up the door to the dungeon and rounded the corner into the kitchens where there were two house elves mulling about. "You," he commanded to the closest one, "I need a pitcher of water, now, and four glasses." The elf whimpered and bowed low. "Hurry!" In a matter of moments the elf was presenting him a tray. "Veritaserum, Bella?" Narcissa asked as her son left the room. "Nothing that harmless. It is only temporary, after all." Bellatrix answered casually, then a tone of contempt took over her voice. "Besides, that pathetic Severus has yet to replenish our stores." Draco re-entered the room carrying the tray. Bellatrix strolled over to him and poked at all but one cup, sending each one crashing to the hardwood below with a resounding crash. The glass glittered beneath her boots as she circled Draco. "Take this to the little bitch. Set it down and sit with her for a few minutes. Say nothing, then bring back what she doesn't drink." Draco looked like he might question her, and Lucius definitely wanted