Rating: T For some swearing, intense death and stuff of the like and an insane paranoia of the writer that it would be taken down if it was rated K. A Lord of the Rings FanFiction The PhD Quality "It is better to travel well than to arrive" CHAPTER ONE: Lady of the Paw Paw Ointment It had been a long week. I'd had long weeks before, but this was a long week. It was like combining three long weeks and doing it in 168 hours, with 35 hours sleep. It had been a long week. Monday to Friday was work 7 am to 8pm, plus dealing with my little siblings (who I was taking care of) and doing maths homework that I insisted belittled my PhD. Unfortunately, that didn't seem to cut it, so there I was- working and doing year 6, 8 and 11 assignments. I had assumed, albeit naively, that the weekend would be quiet. I had miscalculated. 4 am- wake up for rowing. 0430 drive to rowing. 0500 start making rowing breakfast. 0630- Eat a piece of toast: breakfast. 0800 serve breakfast to a bunch of hungry teenage boys. 0900 drive home. 1000 drive little sister to her friends place. 1030 drive back. 1100 drive other little sibling to musical audition. 1200 drive home. 1230 pick-up little sibling at friends place. 1300-1600 jobs. 1600 do children's homework. 1800 make dinner. 1900 serve dinner. 1930 clean up dinner. 2000 shower, dress, stare blankly at the wall. 2100 last minute homework for children. 2200 jobs for work. 2400 go to bed. And that was just Saturday. Sunday had me up and jobbing from five am to midnight. When I'd finally collapsed onto my bed, children finally in bed for the next week, which was set to be a repeat of the last, I'd given a groan that would make Loki Laufeyson envious. One did not need a 'Hulk Smash' to be in intense pain. One only needed a week dealing with my temperamental boss, fragile partner, insane siblings and a schedule straight from the handbook of Satan. And when I say temperamental partner I mean- oh wait, he's crying, give me a few hours to get back to you. Yeah, world of the yo-yo. I'd originally deemed partnering with him a great idea. Top of his field. Nice enough. Genius. Mistake. I mean, sure, we worked well together and we were doing awesome work, winning prizes will-nilly, but the whiplash from his emotions was giving me a five-days-a-week headache. And I wasn't cut out for that kind of distress. But I digress. What I was getting to was that I wasn't particularly in the best condition when I noticed the small glowing patch of wall in the far corner of my bedroom. It had woken me up, the white, bright light and I had blearily blinked, trying to figure out what it was. I kind of assumed it was a bug and, considering it was two am and I was slightly befuddled, I walked over to it in a stupor and poked the spot gingerly. Pain. White. Lighting. Black. Crackling electricity. White. Pain lancing and searing. Black. "What is that?" I stirred, stiff limbs protesting at movement. "It's moving." Ugh, whoever that is shut up. I am much too tired and sore to be woken up at this hour. "I think it's female." "Of course you would, you're an idiot." Even in my melatonin-induced state I took offence at that. I was obviously a girl, right? I was not androgynous. I wasn't feminine but I certainly did not look like a man, for a start, I had zero muscles. "But it looks like a woman." "It's wearing pants. It can't be a woman. He's a man." This irritated me enough to open my eyes, looking straight into the helmeted heads of two faces that I would probably forget if I wasn't looking straight at them. That's right- they looked that average. The one of the left smiled, holding out his gloved hand. The one on the right rolled his eyes and swatted his friend's hand away, instead looking at me suspiciously. Right Guard squinted his eyes at me. "Who are you?" I stuck my bottom lip out, childish instincts cancelling out self-preservation. "Why should I tell you when you abducted me?" "Abducted?" Right Guard asked, looking at Leftie in confusion. Leftie just ignored him, smirking. "Told you she was a girl." I bit my tongue to keep from laughing at the duo, when a loud voice cut off our… conversation? Was it a conversation? "What are you fools doing?" I gulped, gah, authority, panic! Well, at least I tried to panic but, sadly, my limbs weighed more than an obese Rhinoceros each so I was left lying there, watching out of my peripheral vision (my head also refused, stubbornly, to move) as the two saluted, faces pale and looking more nervous than I was at Christmas. (I always felt that I would be getting coal although I had once gotten coal and, funnily enough, that had made me cope much better with the thought of getting coal again.) "Sir!" Leftie exclaimed, glancing between me, Rightie and Authority Man. Authority Man, whose voice was strangely familiar- my mind protesting at the thought that it couldn't produce the face to match the name- spoke again, this time sounding a lot calmer. "What are you two doing?" Leftie swallowed and refused to answer, mouth glued into a line of petrification. Rightie looked at Leftie and then back at Authority Man. "Sir! We were patrolling around, like we were supposed to, when we saw a flash and came upon this unconscious… er, woman." Oh my god. Still with that? To lay down the law and stop being called a 'woman…maybe' I frowned. "I am a woman; there should have been no pause there. I am female. I am not a male. I have a fe before male. Female. Got that?" Leftie and Rightie looked at me like I was an alien while I heard Authority Man chuckle softly. "And who are you?" Authority Man asked, still- annoyingly- out of my line of sight. I sighed, wondering why the voice was still nagging at me. "I would tell you but I can't see you so I won't." "So move." "Easier said than done. I feel like a beached whale. And my fingers are all tingly." The man chuckled again and this time I heard shuffling before a bearded man appeared in my line of vision. "Better?" "Well no, I still can't move, but thank you for your consideration." He chuckled again and when the skin crinkled around his eyes my mind flashed a face onto the back of my eyelids. Dumbledore. This man was Dumbledore. Except that was impossible. I smiled back at the Dumbledore-look-alike. "I'm Arya." "My name is Gandalf, how did you happen here?" I furrowed my brows. Wasn't Gandalf the name of that wizard from those books my friends liked but I never saw the point of? The one with the evil guy with Conjunctivitis and lots of people who liked rings and small people? What were they called… um, Hobbos? No, Hobbins? Hobbils? Wait- Hobbits! That's right- and Gandalf was the one who showed them and their assorted gang of men (and an elf, I think- oh, and an angry dwarf) around Middle England? No, Middle Earth. Gandalf showed them around Middle Earth to destroy the One Ring, I think. I mean, sure, I'd liked the movies well enough, but they were long so I'd only seen them once, a while ago. But that was beside the point, clearly this old man here was a cosplayer and I'd somehow ended up at some sort of convention. That, at least, made sense. I was glad something did. "Very funny, but I'm kind of confused as to how I got here, and where is here?" "Minas Tirith." Uh, what? "Uh, what?" "Minas Tirith, the capital of Gondor." Some weird place in Middle Earth I assume. "I am amused by your jokes but this is going to be much less amusing in about ten seconds so either you tell the truth about who you are and where we are or I sue you every which way for whatever my lawyer says I can." I stated calmly, an angelic smile fixed in place to cover my extreme irritation. 'Gandalf's' face fell. "I assure you I am not lying. This is Minas Tirith and I am Gandalf the Grey." I scowled, the old man was a pain, and looked over at Leftie and Rightie. "You two!" I barked, lack of sleep quickly stealing me of all my patience. "Explain where this is now ." "Uh…" Thank you Leftie. Thanks. "This is Minas Tirith, Ma'am." Rightie stated, looked for all the world like he would rather be being eaten alive by crocodiles at this point. "I said tell me where-" "Arya, tell me why this isn't Minas Tirith ?" 'Gandalf' asked coolly, interjecting my breakdown with his ice-cold blue-grey stare. "Um, for one, that's a fictional place and, secondly, that's a fictional place." I answered waspishly, glaring straight back at his barely-concealed inquisitive stare. He tilted his head to the side then squatted down, reaching out a hand to touch my forehead. When he withdrew his hand, humming softly in thought I asked derisively, "So, tell me, am I feverish Oh Great One?" "No…" He mused, watching my face as I would watch a particularly interesting specimen. "But this is most interesting." "You're telling me." "Why do you think Minas Tirith is fictional, may I ask?" "You may indeed. And the answer is because it doesn't exist. The same as you don't exist. You're probably a retired accountant with too much time on his hands." "I assure you I am not." I scoffed. "Really now, prove it." 'Gandalf's' bushy eyebrows seemed very amused by the challenge as the wizened man stood, holding his staff in front of him. I glanced at the glorified stick, wondering what the knotted brown thing was going to prove- JESUS CHRIST PUT ME DOWN! I 'eeped' and flailed my hands around, gaining movement (hurray) from the sudden rush of adrenalin to my limbs (boo) because I was levitating off the goddamn ground. No, not hovering, not being held, but actually suspended three feet off the ground by… Well, if he's actually Gandalf and this is actually that fancy name place that I have already forgotten, then the thing suspending me above the dusty ground, much to my surprise and the horror of Leftie and Rightie, must be… "OKAY I BELIEVE YOU! I BELIEVE IN MAGIC AND FAIRIES, I DO, I DO! NOW PUT ME DOWN!" He chuckled, (again, seriously, I was a comedian around here), and ungraciously let me fall to the ground, effectively knocking me out as my head hit a rock. Gee, thanks wizard. "… Doing? He can't bring in… well I would… yes." I stirred, eyelids flickering and irritation swelling at being woken (once again) by male voices cutting into my heavy slumber. " I don't know, father says that… yes, I think we should." It was strange, like being caught on one side of a conversation, watching your friend chat to someone on the phone while you tried to piece together the silent side you weren't privy to. Only, in the case of your friend talking on the phone at least you knew the person, and, because of that, were slightly clued in to what they might be talking about, given time, circumstance and facial expression of face. All I had to run on was a voice coming through the door in stops and starts. With me only catching the louder parts of the conversation. Snippets of a whole. Wait, door? I forced my eyes open and sat up, gingerly crossing my legs and silencing the protests of said organs and limbs with the thought of