Sorry about the formatting I don't know why it keeps messing up, I'm working on it, it should be correctly formatted on ao3. I own nothing! ADULT THEMES! Really folks, absolutely 18+ story. Warnings: Slurs, Sexism, Sexual Situation, Recreational Drug Use, Drinking, Underage Drinking, Violence, Adult Language. If it's bad it's probably in here, Read at your own risk! I got this prompt from tumblr and have been on the fence about posting it here. It will probably get removed, but it is available on AO3, due to popular demand I'm in the process of part 2 to so keep an eye out on A03 if it gets deleted here and you want to read part 2 At 20 years old Katniss never thought she'd be living in a trailer park working at Abernathy's Auto Parts while trying to raise her 15 year old sister. And yet here she is, it definitely wasn't her plan. But fate is fucked up like that, 18 months prior both of her parents died in a car accident leaving her the sole guardian of Prim. She knew there was no way she could finish school, she lived in a dorm paid for with scholarship money so she couldn't bring Prim to live with her and the places for rent near the university we're so astronomical she'd never be able to afford one with a minimum wage job, and with no degree and little experience that's about all she was qualified for. So she dropped out of school and moved back home, they had to sell the home they'd grown up in as Katniss couldn't afford the mortgage payment, it killed her to do it but it would have killed her worse to see Prim homeless. Prim didn't understand this of course, her teenage angst filled mind spent 3 weeks telling Katniss that she was a horrible person who never loved their parents and just wanted the money. Katniss tried to take her hurtful words with a grain of salt, knowing Prim was grieving at a point in her life that was already difficult. Being a teenager was hard, Katniss knew it, she'd hated her teen years, and wouldn't do it again for all the money in the world. Try as she might after 3 weeks of her vile, hurtful words, she exploded. The relationship between the sisters was never the same, Prim had been stricken when Katniss had laid it all out for her like she was grown, Prim apologized and cried, but still almost 2 years later there was still a wedge between the sisters. Katniss loved her parents dearly, and for Prim to treat her as though she was a money hungry person, willing to sacrifice their parents for a crap ass 2 bedroom trailer house, was just too much for Katniss. She bottled it up with everything else and allowed it to eat away at her, because that's what Katniss does. Working at Abernathy's wasn't so bad, I might even go so far and say I sorta liked it. It wasn't what I had wanted to do with my life, but at least it wasn't a drive-thru window job. The pay was manageable, the boss stayed drunk and out of my way and all I really had to do was let the computer turn the year, make, model and part of a car into a shelf number then go grab it and ring it up. Most of the business came from Hawthorne's Auto Repair, since he was the only mechanic in town, but occasionally others would come in for simple things like oil and filter they could do themselves. I know pretty much everyone in the small town of Panem, so I was rather surprised to see a new face walk in that day. I had been mindlessly playing solitaire on the ancient computer when the bell on the door rang, I didn't even look up at first just mumbled out the standard "Hi, what can I do for you?" "An application to your fan club please." At this I look up and lock eyes with a pair of familiar but not, deep blue eyes, the man was outrageously sexy, his blonde curls had the bed head look and his jaw, oh god that jaw was ridiculous, I had an overwhelming urge to bite it. He was wearing a pair of perfect fitting torn up jeans and a blue flannel that made his eyes look like sapphires. His voice snapped me from my staring and I could feel the flush taking over my face. "Like what you see then?" "What?" I answered delivering my best scowl, he was cocky, I hate cocky. "I was just asking if you were enjoying checking me out." "I wasn't checking you out!" He gives a chuckle at this. "Sure you weren't, just like I wasn't checking you out." Yeah fuck this asshole, he needs to go. "Did you actually need something for your car or do you just like to go into random shops and harass women?" "I wasn't harassing you! I was hitting on you!" "I don't see the difference." "Well, in that case I'm sorry, most women like compliments." "I'm not most women, what the fuck do you want." "Whoa, is that any way to treat a customer?" "You're not a customer yet, and if I have my way you won't be in the future either." "Actually, I am a customer, or was a customer until I moved, well my Dad was actually, but now I'm back so you're stuck with me." He gives me a shit eating grin as he finishes, knowing he's won this round. "Joy." I deadpan "So, what do you want?" I ask as I close solitaire and open the parts program. "Your number would be nice." I slam both hands down on the counter as I stand up and lean over the counter to get in his face. "I swear to god if you don't quit I will shove an alternator so far up your ass it will start your brain, because apparently your parents missed that step in creating you!" His grin just gets wider. "Starter." "What?" "What you meant to say was you were going to shove a starter up my ass. An alternator just keeps the battery charged, a starter is what starts the engine. Thus the name starter." I grit my teeth so hard I can feel them chipping in places. "What. Part. Do. You. Need. For. Your. Car?" She asks through her teeth trying her best to get a handle on her anger. "Nothing you have back there." "THEN WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU HERE!? Why would you come to an auto parts store when you don't even need anything!?" "Oh I need stuff, just not anything you have in stock, my car needs specialty parts." "Of course it does." I say as I fetch the special order catalogs, before I can even get them to the counter he stops me. "Don't bother with those, I know what I want, just get Haymitch." "Gladly." When she initially interrupts Haymitch's 'alone time' he's a grumbling old fart as he follows her into the front area, mumbling under his breath about 'can't catch 5 minutes alone' although he spends 90% of his day holed up in his office with his only friend Jim Beam. But when his eyes fall on the blonde man his demeanor changes instantly, he steps around the counter with a smile on his face and clasps the man's shoulder. "How you been boy? Ain't seen you 'round her in years! What brings you back here?" "Ah, you know, I've been better, I've been worse, so somewhere in between isn't too bad. I'm back for good now, no strings pulling me away, this was home, I think it always will be." "Come on back to my office, we'll get caught up, have a drink." "Lead the way." "You got this sweetheart?" I roll my eyes at the old drunk "Of course." They stay in the office for almost 3 hours, sometimes I hear loud laughter coming from the back but that's about it. I don't really want to see the next customer that comes in either, but he's unavoidable. "I got 98 Mazda 626, I need an iac motor." Gale says, the coldness in his voice seeping through to my bones. Gale and I used to be thick as thieves, I miss those days. "Um, I don't see anything for iac motor.." Gale blows out a large agitated breath that tells me he's thinking I'm fucking stupid right now, it pisses me off. "Idle air control motor." Comes the voice of the blonde man from earlier, I hadn't noticed him and Haymitch make their way back to the front. "Thanks." I grumble, Haymitch laughs. "Brrrr sweetheart your colder than a witches titty in a brass bra!" All three of them crack up into hysterics. I close my eyes and repeat to myself 'I need this job, don't punch anyone in the dick, I need this job, don't punch anyone in the dick' - The rest of the day is uneventful, but my mood is absolute shit so it doesn't really matter. It wasn't that they were laughing at me, hell I spent the entirety of my high school days being laughed at. What's got me in such a shitty mood is how much they made me feel like a damn airhead girl. I was never a girly girl, I hunted with my dad, I always wear jeans, don't mind getting dirty and I've always worked hard and gotten my job done. To make matters worse my car takes a good 4 tries before it starts, which makes me think of starters, which makes me think of that asshole and I get even more pissed off. It's already late when I get off so I swing through Jack In The Box and order some tacos for Prim and me for dinner. I'm a terrible cook. When I get home I notice 2 things, there is a moving truck at the vacant house next door to mine and a strange car in my single driveway meaning I can't park. I assume it's the people moving into the new house so I stick my car in park and jog up to the door and knock. When the asshole from the store opens up his face first registers shock and then morphs into a huge grin. "Just couldn't stay away huh? I knew you'd succumb to my charm, I just didn't expect you to, ya know, stalk me and track me down. Especially not so quickly." All I can think is 'don't punch him in the dick, I'm trespassing on his property and I will go to jail and have to stay there until my court date because I can't afford bail and Prim will go to foster care. Yep, definitely can't punch him in the dick. I take a deep calming breath before speaking. I try to speak with as little agitation in my voice so he'll just move his fucking car. "Unfortunate as it is, it appears we're neighbors." His smile gets even bigger if that's possible. "Hey that's great, so are you the trailer park welcome wagon, I have to admit you are an odd selection for that duty." "No, I'm the 'you parked in my only driveway move your fucking car please' wagon." His eyebrows pinch together in confusion as he steps out onto the small porch peering into my driveway. "Ha that's not my car, you couldn't pay me to drive a piece of shit Mercedes." "Well, if it's not yours than who's is it?" He shrugs before his face grows serious and concerned. "Do you think someone broke in? Why don't I walk you over there to check it out." He says as he bends over to start putting on his shoes that were placed by the door. "No. Don't