This is for the Toilken Read Along which you can find more about here: For the Toilken Read Along Bingo- Prologue I don't own or have any rights to any of Toilken's work and I am still learning the intricacies of Middle Earth- so if I have made a glaring error that is inexcusable due to my lack of knowledge- let me know and I'll appreciate it! But mostly, this is just a made up little story about our favorite Hobbit innovator- Tobold Hornblower "Did you know you're out of mustard?" Tobold creaked one eye open, blearily focusing on the form hovering over him. "Go away, Willibald," he muttered; drawing the quilt over his ears, he flipped onto his side. "Oh come on," the cheerful voice continued, "No need to be embarrassed about it. Lots of fine hobbits run out of condiments for their guests. Nothing to worry about, Toby my old friend, nothing but a quick trip down to the grocer won't fix." "The closest grocer," grumbled Toby from under his quilt, "is in Bree." "Oh, well that's a rather long trip. You better get up if you are going to make it before dusk." "This isn't happening," Toby said to himself, talking into his down pillow which had been a present on his neighbor Mungo's last birthday. It still smelled a bit of the Broadbelt perchance for goat cheese but he had found he didn't mind so much. "'Fraid it is, old hobbit," continued the irritatingly cheerful voice, "You've gone and run out of mustard and one can't have second breakfast two days in a row without mustard- it's not done." Toby threw his quilt off, glaring at the interloper. Willibald Peatfingers was of the Fallohide breed of Hobbits- golden curls with red highlights and large gray eyes, he had a smattering of freckles across his nose and cheeks and a perpetual grin that invited one to ask what the joke was. He was the most annoying hobbit Tobold Hornblower had ever had the displeasure to meet. They were very good friends. "Why are you eating my food again, Willy?" Toby asked, swinging his legs from under the comforter, stretching his toes on the rug beside his bed (a gift from Myrtle Loamsdown on her 50th birthday) and stretched his back out, grimacing at the pops and cracks it made. "Something on your face," Willy noted- gesturing at him with a slice of ham. "Best go wash it off before Tigerlilly sees." "It's my beard, Willy," Toby sighed. He reached a hand up to scratch the wiry black hair that covered his cheeks and chin, the coarse hair rasping in the morning air. Willy pulled a face. "It's a batch of bristles, I can't believe your misses kisses you like that." "Better than having to smooch that dirt covered face of yours, Willy," called a voice from the door. Toby twisted his head to see his wife Tigerlilly standing in the round doorway to the bedroom, Berylla propped on her hip and drooling happily around her teething toy. "Cheers, Lilly!" Willy called, using his pet name. Tigerlilly arched her eyebrow at him. "Waltzing in here and just taking food from the pantry- don't they feed you at that hole of yours?" Berylla had noticed Willy and was leaning towards him happily, Toby stood and walked towards the water basin under the window frame. "Nah, keep saying something about leave and never darken our door again- odd lot my family, don't ya think? By the way- did ya know you were out of mustard, Lilly?" "Honestly, Toby!" Tigerlilly exclaimed, and he ducked his face in the cold water, submerging his whole head before popping back up, soaked and dripping. "Couldn't you do something about this – wait, what are you doing….no you stay right where you are- or I'll-" He never found out exactly what she would have done because with a mighty shake of his head, Toby shook out the dripping water from his black curls and beard, like a wet dog. He heard shouting and threats emanating from the hall which Tigerlilly had rushed down, pots banging and clanging and a delighted shrieking from Berylla at the pandemonium. He turned his eyes toward Willy who was still seated on the chest by the bed. "Best bread in Southfarthing," he proclaimed happily through the huge chunk of bread in his mouth, "Don't know how she does it." Toby shook out his morning jacket, and pulled it around his shoulders. He went out the doorway and down the hall towards the kitchen, ignoring the babble emanating from the hobbit behind him. Tigerlilly gave him a baleful eye but deposited Berylla on his lap before going back to the cooking of bacon and eggs. Willy settled himself at the table, making faces at Berylla and doing his usual commentary on everything in the Shire. "And I tell you the Burrows of Tuckbourough- you know the ones, can't find their hobbit hole in the dark even with a lantern- said to the Roundbottoms-" Toby ate his meal in peace, holding his daughter in one hand and flipping through the letters stacked on the table when he had a free hand. On a rather large cream colored envelope, his hand stilled and he heard Willibald's rattle stumble for a moment before it continued louder than before. "And I told him, Lilly my girl, I said- best bread in the Shire isn't from the Whitfurrows! No, sir, I said, you go down to the Tobold house and you get some of Tigerlilly's bread, I did. She's a right star, our Southern Lilly is, I said-" "Toby?" He looked up to see Tigerlilly holding the frying pan, eyes locked on the envelope, uncertainty and fear settling in her brown eyes. He smiled tightly up at her, adjusting Berylla who was trying to get at the fork and shook his head. "Nothing, my dear," he soothed, taking her hand holding the dishtowel and raising it to his lips in a kiss. The fear didn't leave her eyes and she flicked her gaze to their front door, the mustard yellow glowing in the morning sunlight. Four notices now, four notices from the Thrain to come in for a meeting. Tigerlilly's dowry had included her parent's home, left to her when her older brother Popo had been struck in the head by a horse down at Bree. They had lived there happily these past ten years, raising their children and tending their small garden out back when Popo's widow had started to want to get her old home back. She had moved out willingly, old Ruby had, eager to move back to the comforts and ease of mansion living with her relatives. She had taken all her silver and brass, her furniture and down mattress- leaving them the bones of the old place. They were happily at home. Until Ruby had gotten tired of living with other Tooks and decided to reclaim her old home. Toby knew the Thrain would be fair but in agreeing to go to the meeting, he ran the risk of the Thrain siding with his relative and asking Toby to move out. And where would they go then? The smial was small but quaint and no other hills in the area had any open burrows- they would be forced to move out and into a house on the flats. "So, that's that then!" Toby turned his head to his friend who was beaming at him, jam smeared on the side of his mouth. Berylla had managed to get one of the pieces of bacon and was crumbling it gleefully in her hands. "That's what?" He managed, handing Berylla over to her mother who still had the uncomfortable haunted look on her face that looks so off putting on hobbits. Hobbits are meant to be happy and at ease- fear and uncertainty sits ill on their features. Berylla felt her unease and started to wail at once. "Togo!" Toby bellowed, "Get in here and take Berylla from your mother!" A young hobbit lad scampered in and held his hands up, waiting for the baby. Tigerlilly ruffled his dark curls that were so like his father's and handed the girl down. He swaddled her in his arms and backed out of the kitchen, muttering nonsense under his breath at the baby who was now calming down. "Best be going then!" Willy crowed, snatching the last piece of bacon off Toby's plate. "Don't want to get caught out after dark!" Toby found his hat perched on his head and his walking stick firmly in hand before he could finish his last bite of toast; he was on his own doorstep, Willy closing the door behind them and small children noises echoing down the hall. "Don't worry so much, my darling girl!" Willy laughed, waving a long list behind him like a kite's tail. "I have your list right here and it's a perfect day for a trip to Bree. I'll have him back to you by tomorrow evening and I'll send Rosie down to help you the little ones while we're away! Ta!" Toby narrowed his black eyes at his friend who was pushing past him, the long grocer list flapping in the wind. "You have no intention of going to Bree with me," he noted. He stepped off his porch and felt a slight moment of hesitation; he could just go back in and wait for another day to take the trip. Tigerlilly was upset as was and he wasn't sure if he should leave her alone with her worry- "Nonsense!" Willy cried out from ahead of him, "I have every intention on seeing you to the Brandywine Bridge!" "And then off to Rosie's, I suppose." Toby grumbled, following his friend down the lane. "Of course! What kind of suitor would I be if I didn't stop in and woo my lady lovely?" Willy kept his sprightly pace; waving at the hobbits they passed. The Stoorish of the Southfarthing narrowed their eyes at the carping of the Fallohides of the West but most knew Willy by sight and acknowledged he was a good enough lad- just a bit different. "I really don't know why we let you in the hole," Toby sighed. He looked up at the clear blue sky and set his shoulders, he trod on after his friend. He supposed it was a fine day as any to go to Bree. "Curse that Willibald, that horrid Peatfinger of Brockenboring!" Toby growled. He was wet, cold, sneezing and wrapped in a blanket that smelled of horsehide. He had spent a perfectly fine, uneventful day traveling to Bree and had stayed the night at the Prancing Pony, before he had gone out this morning to the local grocer and buying a small cart's worth of food to stock up the Hornblower pantry but on his way home- a sudden storm had blown up from the east and he had been forced to take shelter in the hills of southern Bree. A kind hobbit family, the Knotwises, had given him shelter and food and the horsey blanket and were sitting in their home and talking quietly by the fireplace. It was a small home but mathoms and trinkets were strewn half haphazardly and the family was prone to stepping over them like they weren't even there- Toby had stubbed his toe, fallen over himself twice, and stepped on several items already. He sneezed again, drawing the blanket closer around him. "Care for a pipe?" asked the little old hobbit, the father of the Mrs. Knotwise who had come to live with the family as he aged on. He was wizened and short, white patches of fuzz on his cheeks but he had bright gray eyes and was peeping up at Toby from his seated chair. Toby settled himself down on the sofa next to the old hobbit, "Pipe?" "Yes, yes, care for a pipe? You