To the Lovely and Articulate Miss Petunia Evans, First and foremost, I must thank you for the most enjoyable morning I had while receiving your perfectly addressed letter. My dear friend Harold Skively rushed into my office this morning with your letter clutched in his hand as if it were the most sought after treasure in the world. Mr. Skively works for the Ministry of Magic you see, in their Committee of Magical Communication Affairs. Unfortunately, a few years ago he offended quite a few people at a Christmas party with an untimely and crude Goblin impression, so he was demoted to Post Office Patrol, a job not exactly sought after for its excitement since it's uncommon for non-magical people to regularly communicate with the magical world through what we call the the "Muggle Mail". However, Mr. Skively had triumphantly found your letter and delivered it to me within the hour, and I daresay it was the highlight of his year. Now, Miss Evans, to address the concerns you've brought up in your letter. You are certainly not the first person to ask for admittance to Hogwarts, and though it pains me to the core, I have to say no. I've often said magic can be very cruel in the way it selects only certain family members and skips over others. Hogwarts is a school only for those who have been selected due to their magical ability. You will not have an enjoyable experience at Hogwarts if you are unable to do magic. My best advice to you is to not under any circumstance allow this to change your relationship with your sister. I can see that you two love each other very much indeed. I will say that being able to do magic is simply one talent in a multitude of talents available. Some of the happiest people I've met, including your dear parents, are the people who have found one passion in life and made the most of it. There are plenty of ways to experience magic without necessarily having a wand. I, for one, find the ability to produce a fine concerto piece of music on par with the best Patronus Charm (a difficult piece of magic). If I recall correctly, your parents mentioned you are quite gifted in the visual arts? Perhaps this is your magic. I advise you to nurture that talent, and I assure you that it will be just as satisfying as any piece of magic your sister could do. You have the ability to become extraordinary, Petunia. Don't let bitterness, hurt or resentment rob that from you. Finally, I must tell you that I enjoyed my visit to your home. It's been a quite some time since I've felt so welcomed in any student's home, especially one not used to magical behavior. One house I visited last year in Surrey set their pack of rottweilers on me. I still have the scars! Your sister, Lily, seems to have remarkable command of magic. There are very few children who can control their unintentional bouts of magical activity, but something about magic seems to like Lily. I say this not to incite jealousy, but to inspire you to find your own beautiful magic, and continue to nurture your wonderful relationship with your sister. I do hope this letter finds you in good spirits, and I encourage you to write me back. I always enjoy new pen pals, as many of my old ones are no longer living. Most Sincerely, Albus Dumledore P.S Give my regards to both Richard and Georgina. And do tell your mother to send the recipe for her delicious macaroons. Lily sat perched on the highest branch of the elm tree and peered out at her miniature surroundings. She couldn't see anyone else in the park. She loved to come here, she felt connected to nature in ways she could never explain. She had wondered if it was because she was magical. And on this day, her last day of summer vacation, she could think of no better way to spend than outdoors. She breathed in the air that smelled slightly like the dingy river nearby. Tomorrow everything would change. Or rather it would all begin. With one last look around, she closed her eyes and jumped. "There's absolutely nothing like London in autumn" Mrs. Evans sighed, sticking her head out of the car's rolled down window as it meandered through the city's traffic. "It's still summer" muttered Petunia, grumpily, in the backseat of the well worn Ford Cortina. Petunia was taller than Lily, even sitting slumped and melancholy, with long frilly blonde hair and a pretty but very angular face, that when she was scowling reminded Lily of a dissatisfied horse. Lily knew Petunia was thinking of all the other things she could be doing in this weather besides being cramped in the backseat of a car. Petunia dropped her voice even lower to make sure her mother could not hear. "Honestly, she's so dramatic. People only ever say that about New York City." She was seemingly talking to herself, since she had refused to acknowledge her sister sitting a mere foot and a half from her for the entire length of the car ride. Lily tried to meet her eyes, at least for a our -mum-is-a-bit-ridiculous-of-a -person commiserating eye roll, but Petunia stayed staring stonily at the seat in front of her, and Lily ended up exchanging looks with a bag-laden tramp who was peering curiously through Petunia's rolled up window, as their car inched its way through the crowded streets. "And Sinatra on the radio. It's just a lovely day, it truly is " their mum continued, clearly unconcerned about her seasonal inaccuracy. She squeezed Mr. Evans' hand on the steering wheel. "It's almost… magical" Mr Evans said, taking his eyes off the stagnant city traffic to turn around and wink dramatically at Lily in the backseat. Lily flashed him a forced smile. Driving with her parents down the packed streets of London was beginning to grind on her nerves. She surmised they must have been close to Carnby St. judging by the number of people walking around with shopping bags. Between her father's poor driving and her mother's adulation of every aspect of the trip, Lily was almost ready to jump ship and join the throng of young shoppers. Half of the car jolted as the car rode up on a curb. "Mind the road, Dad." she said, as nicely as she could. "He just almost ran over an entire bus stop." she muttered to Petunia, but she might as well have been talking to her self. Lily sighed as she stared out the window at the group of people at the bus stop who were now cautiously edging the way back to the curb where they had been standing prior to her father's inadvertent ambush. Many of them were throwing dirty looks towards the beige cartina. She could just imagine what they were thinking Small town northerners first time driving around in London . No better than bleeding American tourist s. She did not want to be so annoyed with her parents. They had been so wonderful and supportive to Lily since she received her Hogwart's letter. It was slightly over the top, to be honest. "Our little enchantress" they had called her. Most of this was due to her mother, who was the type of woman who loved anything extravagant, and the world of magic fit right into that. Her only question to Professor Dumbledore, when he had come to explain everything about Hogwarts, was to inquire about where he had purchased his high-heeled buckle boots, and did they make them in women's? Lily's parents had accepted Lily's magic into their lives with such open arms Lily felt that she was suffocating. Her mum had taken to decorating the interior of their house with miniature witch hats, which sat upon the tops of lamps, the corners of windows, and even on top of the downstairs loo. Lily for the life her could not fathom where her mother had found hats the size of small figurines except for perhaps a costume shop specifically for rodents. Her parents had also laid out all of her new Hogwarts supplies in the front sitting room, for any guests to see. And when they inquired, (which of course they were sure to do having seen a set of brass scales and a pointed black hat in a sitting room) her parent's just smiled knowingly and said "Lily will be attending a very special school in the fall. It's all we can say on the subject at the moment." And her father would give one of his zealous winks. Last week, Lily had even caught her mum filling her pewter standard size 2 cauldron with potpourri. Lily traced the stitching on the back of her father's seat. She was happy her parents supported her, she truly was. She knew from things Sev had said that not all non-magical- muggles, she corrected herself- were so supportive of their magical offspring. It's just that Hogwarts seemed so mythical so magical so ancient, so rich in history unknown to Lily, that driving down the packed streets of London in a midsize sedan with her mother blasting Sinatra seemed to cheapen the experience of her first day at Hogwarts. She felt as if she should be traveling by horse and carriage, or something more archaic. She looked at her wand sticking out of her jacket pocket. 10 and a half inches, willow with unicorn hair. It seemed scandalously out of place in such a Muggle environment. Her parents did not understand, and how could they? How could even Lily herself understand, the intricate and beautiful magical world that existed? Up until now it had been well out of their reach. And then there was Petunia. Since Lily's letter arrived months ago, she had been insufferably moody. Her grumpy moods since the beginning of the summer had been in a crescendo with today being the peak. Yes, Mum and Dad were paying Lily a bit more attention. But, really, what about the wretched art showing at the gallery, when Petunia's abstract painting of a camel had been showcased as the Up and Coming Student Painter of the month? They had gone on about that stupid camel for ages. Mum had made a seemingly infinite amount of copies of the 4-humped thing and plastered them in all the windows of the house. Couldn't Petunia just understand that it was Lily's time now? Lily did feel a bit guilty about her parent's indulgence of her after last week when Sev convinced her to sneak into Petunia's room while she was at a friend's house in order to steal her pet crawfish. Sev had told her he had nicked an Engorging Serum from home that would make Nigel grow to the size of cat. Of course, they never ended up taking the crawfish because Severeus, in his ever observant ways, had found a letter from Albus Dumbledore gently denying Petunia's request to come to Hogwarts, and they had both found that infinitely more interesting. She had not liked how reading that letter made her feel in her stomach. It felt like a mixture of pity and sadness. And so she had dragged Sev by the arm out of her sisters room, amidst his musings about muggle postmen. It was just as well since Lily found later, as she peaked ahead in her Magical Drafts and Potions textbook, the potion they were intending to use would have resulted in Nigel popping like balloon after he grew. Almost as if Petunia could read her mind she turned sharply toward Lily and finally acknowledged her presence. "Will we be seeing that awful boy at the station?" "His name is Severus! You know that! He had dinner at our house last week, you can address him by name now." Lily hissed back. If