Title: First Time Author: Sivan Shemesh Beta: Raina - thank you sweetie. The remain mistakes are mine. Rate: T Disclaimer: Not mine. Warning: Mention of Character Death. Some mentions of child abuse. AU, angst/family. Summary: It is the first time without Finduilas around. How is the Steward's family dealing with the pain? And what about the nearing holiday? Minas Tirith Denethor stared at his children that were now left without their mother to take care of them. He glared at Faramir in hatred as if the little boy was the one that caused Denethor to lose his wife. He liked more to blame his youngest then his oldest. Boromir at the age of ten had taken it upon himself to look out for his little brother who was only five years of age. Denethor went toward his little child, wanting to hit him as his rage was beyond control, but Boromir did not let him get near the child, and not near to him as well. Boromir would not let his father near his little brother whom he had had a connection with since Faramir was only a baby, as he had watched his brother while their parents were away. Boromir now knew that he had to deal with his father, and yet find a way to keep Faramir safe from his hero. Denethor turned his glare toward his oldest, whom had stopped him from doing what he might regret later, and now Boromir found a barrier between his brother and his father. Faramir, though only five, could feel the tension between the two, and a plan started to form in his young mind. He did not wish to let his brother protect or defend him from their father, he knew that he needed to act fast as the night was fast approaching, and he hoped that his brother would be alright with his leaving. Later, as the dark night showed the stars sparkling in the sky, Faramir crawled from his bed and then he took the bag he had prepared before readying himself for sleep; he slipped through the open door that led toward the dimly lit hallway, he hoped that he would get out as soon as possible, knowing that he was not welcome in this place he had once called home. The boy smiled as he passed by a guard, and then slipped toward the large, iron doors as a large amount of guards appeared on the other side. So far, it seemed that his plan was going well; he checked both sides, left to right, seeing if it was safe to walk, or rather run, in the cold night in the search for a welcome atmosphere and maybe a warm family that really wanted him. He wanted to feel useful, an he missed terribly the feeling of being loved, and most of all, he missed his mother, and kept asking himself why she had left him to deal with his a father had once been soft, but had now become a menace. With that thought, Faramir walked through the darkest and coldest night, running away from the guards he though he saw; running down the levels of the city, he finally bumped into a woman on the way. The woman stared at him, and Faramir believed that he saw in her eyes the same thing he saw in his father's eyes: the desire to hurt him. So he took a step back, raising his hands to protect his face, and then he ran away, not daring to look back. "WAIT!" Faramir heard, but still he did not turn; his mind flew back to the painful memory of his father hitting him when Boromir had not been around to protect him, and Faramir did not wish for history to repeat itself. Facing his father without Boromir beside him was enough for the child, as he believed it. Faramir did not wish for his brother to continue facing the man he had worshiped, just to protect his brother; neither did he wish to believe that his life was worth it, and he had to ask himself why his mother did not take him with her, as he certainly did not feel useful and needed. 'One level left… I need to get away from him; I need to pass the grayish white long gates… I have to.' Faramir wished, as he stared at the bunch of mounted guards that were riding in his path. Faramir did not stop running, his eyes were on the path to the exit from his dreadful and painful life - it was so close. He kept running, hoping that the guards would clear a path for him, and he did not care. "STOP!" Faramir heard the shout, but did not stop; only one path was designed in his mind, a path for freedom. "STOP THE HORSES!" "PLEASE!" the last shout seemed like a plea from a voice filled with begging that the boy would listen. The guards stopped the horses from running onward, and for the first time they noticed the boy who ran toward them; they could only stare at the child in astonishment over the brave - or rather foolish - thing he was doing. They turned around, noticing that the boy kept running, a bag on his shoulders; he ran around another corner, and they wondered what fear and pain the boy was running away from. Then they turned back, and noticed an older boy and a woman staring at them with relief shining in their eyes, though the boy seemed to be tired and breathless. "What is wrong with the boy?" one of the guards asked the boy who still stood near to the woman. "He is my brother, and I better leave to reach him and find out the problem." Boromir replied, then he thanked the woman who had let him know the direction his brother ran, and then he gratefully thanked the guards for saving his brother's life. Boromir continued quickly on his way, thinking of what the woman had told him of Faramir's reaction, and the ten year-old tried to figure out what the problem could be; but he could not think straight as the only thought he had was to find his brother and find out he was running from. The five-year-old boy kept running until he got closer to the gate and saw it was closed; no one left or came in through it. The boy was tired, scared and breathless; he walked toward the closed gates, and stood near it hoping that it would opens soon. The ten year old kept running, though he was tired, but one thought spurred him onwards even though his muscles hurt; he knew that he needed to keep looking for his brother. Boromir sighed in relief when he noticed that the tall iron gates were locked tight. Now all he had to do was to see where his brother was hiding, and then fix the problem. "Faramir." He called, but received no answer. He kept walking toward the closed gates, hoping to catch sight of his brother, but he saw nothing other then the darkness; he kept tripping on things that lay on the ground, hidden from sight from the lack of light, and yet he continued to look for his missing brother. "Faramir, please come out, I know that you are out there, and I am worried about you." Boromir's voice begged for his brother, but he still heard nothing. Heavy in heart and with shoulders slumped in defeat, Boromir left the gates, turned around and walked back toward the house that seemed now so far away. The wind blew in the face, and he knew that he need to walk several levels just to get back to his and welcome bed. He heard a noise, and he turned around to see what this sound was about, and found his little brother's eyes staring back at him. Boromir ran toward his brother and hugged him tightly, not wishing to lose him ever again. "I missed you little brother." "Please do not hate me…" Faramir said weakly to his big brother, not daring to raise his eyes towards him, and see his eyes. "Why should I hate you, little brother? I love you." Boromir asked him with surprise in his voice, and confirmed his brother of how much love the bonds of their being brothers were, and he would not let his father ever hurt him again. "You do?" Faramir asked, doubtful; he raised his gaze to meet his brother's. The five-year-old boy noticed how a lone tear fell from his brother's eyes. "Boromir, why are you crying?" Boromir smiled at him, and replied, "I am not crying because I am sad, young one, I am crying because I do love you as my brother, and I am glad that I found you." Faramir only nodded but said nothing more. He let his brother to take his bag, and hold his hand; Boromir kept telling him to never run away from home, and from him, as he loved him dearly as a brother, and did not wish to lose another member of his family. When they finally reached the house on the seventh level, Boromir could feel how tired and limp his brother had become, as he was now holding him tight. He helped Faramir walk toward the house as he passed the open gates, letting the guards close them, and then he walked his brother toward the dim lights in the hallway. He guided Faramir to the room that they shared since the five year old was a babe. Boromir helped his brother to his bed, and then glanced over at his own; he made a decision then and there to make sure his brother did not try and leave again like he had done earlier. Boromir forsook his own bed, and lay down next to Faramir, making certain that they were both covered and protected from the cold breeze the night had brought with it. The next day, Boromir was almost in a panic when he woke up and he did not see his brother in the bed; he hurried from their room, and saw Faramir in the bath room, and their father stood near the young boy. Boromir hurried over, and his eyes opened wide when he noted the blood and black bruise on his brother's cheek and jaw. He ran to stand between his brother and his father, facing Denethor with a glare on his face, angry about what their father had done to his brother. Once Denethor had left the small room, Boromir turned around and stared closely at the bruise on his brother's face; he moved his hand to touch it as gently as he could, only to see his brother flinch away from his touch. "Faramir, what happened to you?" Boromir asked in fear as he still tried to touch the bruise; he took a bandage from the closet, and some herbs that were inside the cabinet; he tried to take care of his brother. Faramir seemed ashamed, and lowered his head, not wishing for his brother help or pity. "I am worried about you, Faramir, and you can call me if father tries to that to you again, as I will never let him touch you if I am near." Boromir assured his brother, and hoped that Faramir would let him take care of his hurts. "Please look at me, Faramir." He pleaded with his brother as he could not see how much his brother was hurt; the bruises and the blood seemed too much for him already. Faramir raised his head and stared at his brother who used it as an advantage to take care of his injuries as gently as he could; Boromir cleaned them, not wishing for them to get infected or to see his brother more sick; he wanted him to be healthy and smiling again,