Welcome, Not hard to figure out, this is my FIRST story posted here, and my FIRST venture into LOTR fanfiction. So please be gentle, I'm a virgin. Yes, I edit all my own work. If there's any spelling/grammar/punctuation mistakes I miss, do let me know! Those things matter, and I will fix them. This story is a "modern girl gets sucked into her favourite film" type story, but with a twist. DISCLAIMER: 1. An oldy but a goody, I DON'T own any of the LOTR universe. Belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien, etc. etc. This goes for every ongoing chapter in this tale. All I DO own are my OC's. You'll know them when you read them. They're the ones you don't recognise. 2. This story will have a partially AU theme. Of course, all fanfics do to some degree, but I WILL be sticking as closely to the original storyline as my plot allows. Keep this in mind when reading, occasionally characters may say or do things not particularly on par with this world, which is sort of inevitable. This is not a strictly followed guideline to the goings on of Middle-Earth (ie: geography, social aspects, customs etc.), but a work of imagination. Unfortunately I ain't no Professor in this shit. If that's not your cup of tea, do feel free to move along. You've been warned. WARNING: This story WILL eventually have mature-level content. As in, no kiddies please. M-rated smuttiness and all that. But, of course, tastefully so. If you're looking for a quick fix, probably not the place for you. This story is COPYRIGHTED. Any unlawful distribution without the directly expressed permission of the author is illegal. And yes, fanfiction is still under copyright laws (No I'm not saying I own LOTR, as I did just establish that I do not), I'm just saying don't post it as your own because it's still fraud and still illegal. I've dealt with it before, so just a friendly reminder. Written purely for fun and to strengthen my writing, nothing more. So please, sit back, relax and enjoy the show! - Torrance Rose - "Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light; I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night." The Old Astronomer - Sarah Williams Prologue "Oh dear, oh dear me!" Radagast whined uneasily as he rummaged about his cluttered, vine-ridden hut. It was nothing like his home in Greenwood, but it had managed just as well over the years as the Elven woodland fell to the clutches of evil. Mirkwood, it was now known. How pitiful. Sebastian snuffled near his friend's feet questioningly as Radagast swept tomes and artefacts to the floor, effectively clearing the table to make room for the tiny bundle of fur snug and shivering violently in his arm. "Not now, Sebastian!" Radagast dismissed the hedgehog, spraying rain water from his beard just as a particularly brutal boom of thunder shook the walls. He'd found the beast, drenched and half dead, whimpering pathetically in pain on a round through the forest just as the rain had started. Already at death's door, Radagast considered it a miracle that he'd found the helpless creature in time. The tiny, wet thing was placed gently on a coarse woollen rug in the middle of the table. A single flick of the wizard's hand pulled the dying flames in the fireplace to full, unrelenting force. The creature quivered, a soft mewl passing from it's crinkled black snout. It looked as though it had been dragged, kicking and screaming, from the very bowels of Udûn. And in one single, brash moment, Radagast contemplated ending it's fragile little life. It wouldn't take much, and would save so much pain and hardship in the future. After all, it was a monster. Just as his worn hands crept to extinguish the flame of life within the now unconscious infant, Radagast snapped back to reality with another ominous, thundering boom from the dark sky above. "Valar forgive me, what am I doing?!" Shaking himself, Radagast continued his frantic pace as the rain bucketed down outside, a few leaks in the ceiling caught by the scattered tin cans below. "Ah, yes!" He crowed triumphantly, lifting a few herbs from the recesses of a worn leather satchel. Grinding them into a paste, he hastened to tend to the small beasts wounds. Radagast paid no mind to the various animals watching curiously from the shadows, too fearful to leave the safety of the darkness with such a strange, unknown scent on the air. Lightning flashed, followed closely by another tremor of thunder right above their heads. Lifting his hat diligently, the wizard pulled out a small, hidden vial and bade the monster drink. A half hour later and Radagast was shushing the tiny bundle softly as he wound a blanket around its prone form for extra warmth, a small smile playing tentatively on his lips as he stroked the damp fur back from closed eyes. It was no bigger than his forearm, with fur missing in sporadic patches. The little beast had fallen asleep almost immediately as he'd began his ministrations, a yawn baring it's tiny pointed fangs and curling tongue to the world. "Oh Yavanna ," Radagast sighed heavily as he sat back in his armchair by the fire, the infant she-wolf soundly asleep within the comforting embrace of his arms, "Why have you sent her to me?" He would take care of her, nurse her back to health and rear her as she grew. Oh yes, of course he would. He'd never been known to turn down stray, helpless animals. After all, he wasn't dubbed the 'Tender of Beasts' for nothing. But, Yavanna help him, this little wolf would surely test him over the years. One didn't have to be a wizard to recognise a direct descendant of Draugluin himself. Those unusual, vibrant violet eyes said it all. Modern times, Australia. She had woken up, naked as the day she'd been born, covered in dirt and buried beneath the flowers of her back garden again . Not that she had anything against nature or whatever, but you know. It was fucking weird. Elle Roberts lifted her head to the rising sun, the overpowering scent of rolled soil permeating her senses. "What the f-" She cut herself off, unceremoniously dragging her leaden form to a shaky stand. What happened last night? The last thing she could remember was getting home from work around 10:00pm, and passing out cuddling a bottle of cheap wine an hour later. Absolutely nothing that would have led her to wind up nude to the chill of an early Autumn breeze, laying in a pile of dirt, with a headache the size of an avalanche. Okay, so maybe the last part had something to do with the wine. But she drew the line there, she certainly hadn't drunk enough to completely black out. Elle glanced around nervously to her neighbours yards, hands pressed to her breasts and between her thighs for safety, before a squeak tumbled from her lips and she bolted toward the door with all the grace of a newborn foal. That is to say, not much. At least nobody had seen her in her birthday suit, which wasn't too great a comfort after waking up like this for the second time in under a month. Elle shivered, cold and confused, and made her way through her small but tidy home in Newtown, Sydney, to the dingy bathroom she unfortunately shared with her airhead roommate. Harley's Barbie-blonde hair weaved in mattered strands across the tiny sink, causing Elle's nose to crinkle as she shut the door behind her. No matter how many times she rinsed them down the drain, they always seemed to creep back in force. Taking a shuddering breath, Elle raked a mud streaked hand through her tangled hair and appraised her nude self in the dusty full length mirror propped up beside their bath/shower combo. Fuck. She definitely looked like she'd spent a decent enough portion of her night rolling about in a vegetable patch, that was for sure. Smelt like it, too. If she was being honest. Her normally clear, pale skin was now littered with the evidence of her little late night adventure, her hair as equally spoiled by the mud she'd used as a pillow. "What the actual fuck, Elle." She groaned, futilely attempting to wipe a smudge of dirt from her cheek. If she wasn't waking up naked somewhere, she was having bizarre dreams about running through woodlands and hunting prey on all fours. Whatever was going on in this brain of hers, it just wasn't right. After effectively managing to only smear the mud deeper into her skin, Elle growled and swung herself up and into her shower. Scrubbing at her body like a woman possessed, she stayed that way until the steaming water ran cold and clear and the room smelled overpoweringly like her coconut body wash and jasmine shampoo. Finally satisfied, though grim with confusion, she patted herself dry with the less-than-savoury company of her turmoiled thoughts. What was happening to her? These blackouts were becoming so much more common now, and it was scaring the crap out of her. They had started suddenly in her late teens, happening maybe once a year. And now, at twenty-three, they were coming in monthly. It was as if whatever had blessed her to be born with Alexandria's Genesis had suddenly decided, ' Oh, hey you, the one with the strange eyes and no body hair! Since you don't get your period because of that genetic mutation I gave you, how about you get frequent monthly blackouts and weird-ass dreams instead? Sound good ?' "No it fucking doesn't, asshole." Elle grumbled to herself, whipping on her cobalt blue robe. A loud knocking on the door interrupted her musings, making her jump back and snarl. Wait, what ? Snarl ...? "Ellie, you done? I gotta pee!" Was the answering call as the banging sounded again. God she hated that nickname. "I'm done, I'm done." Elle answered wearily as she pulled open the door to Harley's bleary-eyed face. "Sweet. You better not have used up all the hot water!" Grinning secretly to herself for taking a longer than usual shower, Elle let her roommate through before seeking refuge in her bedroom. Now, Harley was pretty much everything Elle wasn't. Which was probably why Elle had been so open to having her as a roommate to begin with. A typical party girl, obsessed with Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber ( gag ), she spent more time on her hair than Elle would reading an entire novel. The term Malibu Barbie sprang to mind whenever Elle thought of her. Artificially straightened blonde hair, baby blue eyes and an unnatural tan so deep it was off-putting to say the least. These days, Elle preferred spending her time with her head stuck in a book or watching a great film. She had more of a 'been-there, done-that' attitude toward Harley's constant stream of late nights and catatonic hangovers, and downright refused to spend her free time in an uncomfortably tight dress and tottering heels just for the attention of some asshole not worth her wasted breath. Unfortunately not one for a lot of friends lately, Elle spent the last few years avoiding the subject and was more or less always alone. Which is exactly how she liked it. Not that she didn't have any social skills, or anything. If pressed, she could easily hold her own in a conversation. She just preferred not to. Sure, she had acquaintances and even a few work mates at the library, but no one she would bother to actually call friend . At least, not since Angie died and everything fell apart. Taking ahold of her bottom lip between her teeth, Elle dressed in a simple white t-shirt and faded boyfriend jeans, effectively hiding herself