Imladris itself was nearly as delightful as ever, when Celeborn viewed it with objective eyes. His visits were few and far between, and thus these halls were nowhere close to being washed clean of memories. He avoided the willow under which she had told he and her mother of her answer to Elrond. Her smile had lingered in his mind for weeks, such joyous news. This journey with his granddaughter had been a balm beyond measure, and he hoped she had also enjoyed his company on the long road from Lothlórien. She was more sombre these days, compared to the Arwen of old, and with a wisdom about her that unaccountably grieved him. Yet still was she that bright, brave girl he knew, with her loyal heart and dedicated mind. No, it was her brothers he worried for, just as their father did. This evening, though, Thranduil's presence helped alter the character of the place, the pattern of their talk, and keep the recollections at bay. And with Thranduil, there was an amity so familiar and so missed, so long absent. He near drank the details of his cousin's life, richer than was possible in letters. They'd long sent Lindir and the attendants home, so Elrond refilled their glasses, drawing Thranduil's attention with a light touch to his wrist. He nodded. 'Of course,' he said, and broke from their discussion for a moment to grin at Elrond. Letters from him had been reassuring of late, less spare and formal. Later, they could speak together, just the two of them, under the stars perhaps; Thranduil wouldn't be able to speak truly freely with Elrond here. They were getting on well though, Thranduil leaning across the table and holding Elrond's eyes as he wove an old tale of misadventure. Elrond laughed. That was well; he was far too serious. Even more he thought how this was definitely a friendship he ought encourage, and facilitate if he could; Elrond could sink too much into introspection, and into consideration, and could be so uncertain if he felt he didn't know something for sure. Such fear of being caught out, of being ignorant, could paralyse him. Thranduil, of course, had no difficulty determining when and how to act. Any amity that could be grown between Imladris and Greenwood would be extraordinarily beneficial, to both, and to Lothlorien. Perhaps this creeping decline of Elven influence could be halted, or even reversed, if they could but True enough that there were few remaining upon Arda in the cast of those like Thingol, Melian, Fingolfin, the great beacons of the Quendi. His lady could yet be counted among them, yet too many were lost. Perhaps now their resources were soft, or brittle, or tarnished with age. Yet if they had not the pure strength of Mithril to wield, a crucible could be used, and from it they could forge steel. Off in the darkness slowly began questioning birdsong, until there sang skylarks and song thrushes, and then the little warble of a robin. Through the windows a wan light could now be seen, as though Thranduil had just touched the liquid dark canvas of the sky with the very tip of a wet paintbrush. After the long journey, a few hours of rest would be agreeable and though Thranduil showed no signs of preparing to leave, Elrond was in all probability hoping to retire soon himself. 'I think we ought take our leave,' he said, and stood with the reluctance of the end of a long and pleasant evening. 'Actually,' Thranduil murmured as he rose but slowly to his feet, 'I won't be retiring just yet.' He stood behind his chair, fingers tap-tap-tapping a light pattern against the polished arch of rosewood as he held Celeborn's eyes. It was long millennia since Celeborn had been in any position to rebuke him for simple rudeness, and longer since he would have done so if they were not alone. If Elrond wished Thranduil to leave, it would appear that he would need to request it himself. Yet Elrond said nothing, and was instead watching Celeborn, looking wary and perhaps even troubled, with tight muscles around his eyes and absently steepled hands resting upon the table. Thranduil continued to speak softly. 'We decided that neither of us could, nor would, lie to you. Not even by omission.' Lie to him? What untruths could possibly be lurking in such benign circumstance? What secret could rest in Thranduil staying a little later in Elrond's rooms? Too late, he recalled the inconsistencies in behaviour he had been noting and immediately discarding. Ridiculous, fanciful musings; an absurd and preposterous invention of his mind. Yet what else Thranduil could mean wasn't immediately obvious. 'I must ask you to elaborate, cousin. What truth is this that you would have me know?' 'One that must stay a secret,' Thranduil replied, 'though I hope you receive it well. It pleases you, I think, that Elrond and I are become friends in truth and not in mere rhetoric.' Alarm prickled up Celeborn's spine; that was not a propitious beginning if Thranduil were not about to confirm his lurid suspicions. 'I have hoped for some time that you could come to trust one another,' he conceded. 'I believe our influence in Arda need not diminish,' here Thranduil nodded sharply, 'if we can but continue to look together in the same direction.' Thranduil looked a little less convinced now, but they had conducted this discussion half a hundred times; Celeborn knew that labouring the point would not serve. Now Elrond took a breath, and brought his fingers thoughtfully to his chin. 'It appears to me that you have found the very core of the matter. You are correct that Thranduil and I have to come to trust each other a great deal. Few there are in these times with whom each of us can speak with honesty, and with a spirit of companionship. I value Thranduil's friendship, and his counsel, greatly.' Had those moments of dissonance been not only significant but deliberately placed? Had they intended to sow this seed in his mind? A hand ghosting over a knee that not only appeared intimate, but was intimate. He glanced sharply at Thranduil, for if it were so he could guess who had orchestrated it. Thranduil looked back at him boldly, his brazenness a spark that flashed hot on Celeborn's skin. 'Have you both lost your minds?' he hissed, the edge of the table cutting into his hands as he leaned to loom over Elrond. In response, though he still sat tall, Elrond turned his face away and lowered his eyes. He took a breath through parted lips and held it a moment. 'You understand then what we mean to say?' he asked, trepidation just gilding his voice. 'I understand very well, law-son,' he snarled. Elrond flinched, and turned a little paler. 'I understand you much less. Wherefore your promises of eternal devotion that you would do this?' 'Celeborn-' Thranduil began. 'Do not even begin . You have your flaws, Thranduil, but I never took you for a hypocrite-' 'You might at least choose a reason for your anger and stay with it. If you are angered on Celebrian's behalf then you needn't be.' 'And what right have you to command what I may feel? ' 'This isn't about love, cousin, it is entirely separate to what she and Elrond share. We have done no wrong, nor do we require your-' 'Do you expect me to say that lust is infinitely preferable? That it is well that, contrary to feeling something of import for each other, you disregard her for the sake of something so base and ephemeral? She did not leave of her own volition-' 'Yes, she did-' 'Thranduil,' Elrond cut in. He shook his head once. Thranduil grimaced and looked apologetic for all of three heartbeats. Finally, Elrond stood from the table. 'I apologise,' he said, 'that these tidings have caused such distress. We thought for some time on how we might broach the subject without vulgarity.' 'Then you wasted that time, for what could possibly be more vulgar than telling me he will not be leaving now, because first he is going to bed you ?' Before his eyes, Elrond softened into empathy. 'We have not approached the subject well,' he said, 'It is understandable that you are shocked.' And with that he could stand it no longer. He strode past Thranduil, who was of course unrepentant, and couldn't resist a parting shot as he reached the door. 'I hope you enjoy yourselves.' The door didn't slam as loudly as he had hoped, but even so neither of them came after him. He did not sleep, but paced and thought. Elrond. There were enough elves in Imladris who might desire him. But that Elrond would… unthinkable. He and Galadriel had been watching it grow once more, that well buried loneliness he remembered from long ago, not for lack of friends or even confidantes; his interest in others and his unique character ensured he had plenty of both. Yet, there was that long ago confidence. ' I am never alone, when she is with me.' A different meaning of alone. She was someone to rely on, who understood. There were few enough of those for Elrond in this world, and for Thranduil too. He found Thranduil as the latter was returning from the valley's woodland. He stepped from the trees looking almost as perfect as he would have done when he left, save for a lock of hair pulling loose from his Menegroth braid. He tilted his head and sat cross legged on the grass. Celeborn joined him as Thranduil put a hand into his satchel and drew out a handful of what must be some of the season's first strawberries. They were small and tart, and quite unlike those cultivated by the gardeners here in Imladris. With a practiced turn of his hand, Thranduil took precisely half of them and placed them on the grass before Celeborn, before taking one of his own and digging out the stem with his thumbnail. Once he had put it in his mouth, chewed and swallowed, he met Celeborn's gaze and cocked an eyebrow. Celeborn sighed and picked up one of his own berries. He fiddled with it, smoothed the leaves towards the stem and away from the fruit. 'I think we should have this discussion inside,' he said. Thranduil looked up at the sky, at the angle of Anor. Celeborn was reminded of being sent by Oropher long ago to fetch Thranduil from the woods for court. The pang of love it caused was unwelcome. They covered the basics; how long, how secret, how well considered, before Celeborn began once again to lose his temper. 'And if one realm should make good at the expense of the other? Even if they don't how can you be sure you will not influence each other. You have responsibilities- 'I know that! Then if so we must do what is best for our realms. Greenwood has my loyalty, and being intimate with Elrond isn't going to change that. He's not that good.' 'Thranduil! And if you're discovered? Imagine the censure Elrond would face, and you know you would be blamed.' 'I really wasn't the driving force.' 'That doesn't matter, all that matters that that you are Sindarin and Silvan, and you have chosen the Nandorin way. Such things are hidden well now, but still underneath the pretence of progress the beliefs are the same; you lay with anything that moves, you wear improper clothing, act in improper ways. You are an impure influence.' 'If the good opinion of such people mattered to me-' 'It matters to Elrond, and for good reason; he needs such people. Lord here he may be, but you must have marked it.' 'They could manage well without those friendships.' 'But not in such a manner as they currently live, and they would