Shield of Olympus Takes place sometime in between The Last Olympian and The Lost Hero. The new three from the lost hero will still be in the story. So yeah. Enjoy LTS The Olympians and their children at Camp Half-Blood are recovering from the Battle of Manhattan, but when a new threat looms, can Percy Jackson lead them from destruction once again? " Percy!" Annabeth ran towards the son of Poseidon, who sat still on the beach overlooking the lake, her blonde hair trailing behind her as she ran in the wind. Annabeth's worn tennis shoes kicked up sand behind her, creating a wake of sorts. "Why weren't you at breakfast?" She asked her boyfriend, slowing to a stop near him as she prepared to sit down with him. He turned away from her, looking back at the water. "I just wasn't hungry today." He lied. It had been 3 months since the end of the Titan war, and he had been reflecting on those who had been lost in the crossfire. Annabeth knelt next to the boy, gently grabbing his chin in one hand and turning his face to look at hers. "Hey. Don't take it too hard. It's not your fault. If you're not feeling better by this afternoon, come find me, and we'll hang out." She kissed him gently on the cheek as she finished her sentence. Percy gave a forced smile, hoping to convince his girlfriend that he was fine. "That sounds nice. I'll see you later, okay?" Annabeth stood to her feet, "Okay!" She agreed, turning to leave. Percy watched her jog towards cabin six, smiling sadly. He stood to his feet, facing the water once more. He shed his shirt, tossing the light blue piece of fabric to the side. He stretched his arms, letting a groan escape his lips as he heard his shoulder pop. Letting his arms fall down to his side, he took a running leap at the lake. With a large splash, he submerged into the water, instantly feeling rejuvenated by the clear liquid. Delving deeper into the water, he noticed that there were fewer fish swimming near the surface than usual. "Huh." Percy muttered to himself, swimming toward the ocean floor to investigate, "they're not usually this shy." As he hit bottom, the demigod noticed a large catfish swimming toward him. "Perseus. Heed my message." "C'mon Dad! A catfish? Really? You of all people should know that they are literal bottom feeders." Percy exasperatedly sighed, focusing in on the creature. The fish ignored the boy, instead revisiting its warning. "My son, there are dark forces looming. When hard times overcome the world, wildlife is the first to realize the threat before us, and the creatures of my kingdom are becoming restless." Percy nodded quickly, agreeing with his father's statement. "Yeah, I know. I could hardly find any fish in the lake today." The catfish swayed its tail to and fro as it delivered its final message, "My boy, I do not believe an enemy would attack the camp so soon after the second Titanomachy. However, that is the reason you must remain alert, and ready, if not for your sake, then for the sake of your fellow half-bloods. I have not been able to contact Olympus to converse with the other gods on this matter, but I will travel there as soon as the creatures of my domain are calmed. Farewell, Perseus." The catfish swam away, leaving the raven-haired half-blood alone to mull over the cryptic message… Annabeth sat on her bed, reading the new book Chiron had found for her. The elderly centaur and the daughter of Athena had created a system to attain new books to satiate the girl's thirst for knowledge. Chiron would take up any old or unused books from the other campers, and when Annabeth would finish a book, she would ask her mentor and he would grant her a new one. Annabeth' reading was interrupted by a sudden, frantic banging on cabin six's door. With a groan, Annabeth rose to her feet and began to make her way to the door. Swinging the door open, Annabeth was greeted with the pale face of Nico di Angelo. "Hey Nico! What do you need?" As she verbalized her question, the shorter boy looked past her, seemingly searching for something, a frown dawning on his face as he couldn't find what he was looking for. "Damn. I was hoping he would be here." Annabeth began to be worried by the younger half-blood's mannerisms. "Who would be here? Nico is something going on?" The spawn of Hades looked up at Annabeth for the first time, and she fully took in his features. Dark bags had begun to grow under his brown eyes, and his face seemed even paler than usual, which frightened the daughter of Athena. He had allowed his hair to grow out, even letting it cover one of his eyes, and there were various scratches scattered around his face, as if he was used to being in fights. "I was hoping Percy would be here." The boy answered, using his hand to brush his hair out of his eyes. "The dead have gotten… antsy, recently, and I'm afraid that something bad is coming. They're saying all these things about the dawn of a new age, and how the fall of Olympus was going to happen soon. I'm scared, and I feel like I need to warn Percy, or at least make sure he's heard about it." The son of Hades finished, feeling slightly winded from his spiel. Nico's message was very closely followed by a long, deep boom from the conch horn. Annabeth looked at Nico, "If he's within five miles, he definitely knows something's here. We're under attack." Nico's eyes widened, and he spun, sprinting toward Half-Blood Hill, with Annabeth following closely behind him. As she neared the hill, she saw that a crowd had already formed, demigods from the less confrontational cabins preferring to stay near the rear of the group. As Annabeth and Nico nudged their way to the front of the mass, and the leader of cabin six realized that Clarisse was in a staredown with the male spearheading the enemy forces. Clearing his throat, the man stepped forward and spoke in a loud, commanding tone, "My name is Victor Ogletree. I am under orders to commandeer this camp in the name of my liege. If you refuse to surrender peacefully, we will be forced to sequestrate this location using force. The choice is yours." Annabeth began more frantic in her quest to make it to the front of the gathering of half-bloods, fearing that Clarisse would do something rash. As Annabeth neared the daughter of Ares, the leader of cabin five took a few steps toward the man. "If you think we're gonna give this place up without a fight, you're just a plain old dumbass." The man chuckled loudly, shaking his head as he mulled over her comment. "So, I assume you consider yourself the leader of this would-be army." He spoke loudly, clearly very disdainful in his tone. Clarisse raised her chin, clearly emboldened, knowing the exact answer she was going to give. "Yeah. You got that right, jackass." Victor smiled, very clearly pleased with the response to his question. He dropped the cloak around his shoulders to the ground, revealing a sheathed sword at his side. However, despite his clear intention of engaging in battle with the demigods, Annabeth saw no other armor or weapons. "That is an absolute delight, dear. I believe it would only be fair for you and me to engage in single combat." Clarisse was clearly disheartened by his suggestion, her shoulders drooping slightly and she looked back to her other cabin mates nervously. One of her siblings gave her a stern look, and the daughter of Ares turned back to Victor. "How do you know my army won't attack you during our fight?" The man let out a second string of laughter, this time much louder than the last. He took nearly fifteen seconds to calm himself, then addressed her question confidently, "My dear, it's very simple. If your army attacks me, my monsters will attack your army, and I very much believe the odds are completely in my favor." Clarisse took what he said into account, but before she could reply to his statement, he continued. "However, if you are not brave enough to accept my challenge, you could simply cower in the shadows as my army tears your precious camp apart." Both armies could see that those words struck a chord in the daughter of Ares. She spun on her heel, staring daggers at one of her siblings. "Get me my spear." She snapped. Her half-brother quickly retrieved her spear, passing it up through the crowd until it got to the brunette. She slowly turned back to Victor, gripping her weapon tightly as she scowled. Her spear crackled with electricity, "I'll enjoy watching the light fade from your eyes." She snarled. Victor laughed, the reaction further angering the daughter of Ares, and then replied, "You'll never get the chance." Clarisse let out a yell of rage, charging forward to meet the man in battle. She stabbed straight at Victor, letting out a growl of annoyance as he easily sidestepped the thrust. She spun, her foot sliding slightly in the grass, and lunged for the man. She swung her spear, akin to how one would swing a baseball bat, at her opponent. As the spear neared the man, he shocked both watching parties, catching the weapon at the spot just before the shaft met the spearpoint. As electricity coursed through the spear, he seemed to absorb the voltage, and Clarisse gaped at the feat of power. He let loose a roar, all of the electricity he had absorbed escaping from his body, shooting through the spear and striking the daughter of Ares. She flew back nearly twenty feet, crashing to the ground and uprooting much of the grass and dirt. Still holding onto the spear, he observed the weapon. "Such a shame to waste such a magnificent weapon. A masterpiece of destruction such as this deserves an owner who can wield it properly, not the rage-ridden mistake of a holder it had previously. Alas, she'll have no need for it soon." He snapped the weapon over his knee, dropping it carelessly in his wake. Clarisse was now on her knees, watching the wrecking of the weapon which had been gifted to her by her patron with rage. She drew the sword on her thigh, dashing towards Victor. She swung at his neck, but the man ducked under the blow, spinning and drawing his sword in the same movement. She stabbed at his chest, the man waiting several seconds until he deflected the thrust with the flat of his blade, knocking her arm high into the air. She stumbled backwards several steps, and Victor took the offensive for the first time in their duel. He swung directly at her blade, slicing through as if the steel were butter. Clarisse was only given a second to stare at the blade of her sword on the ground, and absorb that she was only wielding a hilt, before Victor interrupted her stupor by kicking her in the chest with his boot. Clarisse flew backwards, rolling over herself until she ended up on her knees, head held low to the ground. The man sauntered behind the daughter of Ares, gripping her brown hair tightly, and jerked her head up so that she could stare at the crowd of stunned half-bloods. "Look! Look at your champion, demigods. Her vanity has sealed her fate, and her failures will seal yours!" Clarisse's hand slowly drifted to her boot, where she had a knife hidden. Grasping the hilt, she stabbed upwards in hopes of striking her opponent. He caught her wrist with the hand that was not holding her hair.