What's Your Plan?- Fredmione Fic She was walking down the ornate staircase into the Great Hall, dressed in the lightest blue he had ever seen. She looked angelic and he had to admit: Granger cleaned up well. He watched as her eyes flitted from face to face, searching for someone in particular. He knew she wasn't going to the dance with ickle-little-Ronikins, so who was the beautifully dressed bookworm searching for? As her doe brown eyes landed on him, he saw them light up..was she looking for HIM? There was no way she was looking at him like that. They had a friendly enough relationship, with her practically living at his house over every break Hogwarts could offer, but he sometimes felt that she lived to thwart he and George's plans. He had lost countless number of points for Gryffindor due to her snitching on the infamous Weasley Twins to Professor Mcgonagall. So no, she was definitely not looking at him, Fred Weasley, like that; however, her eyes never left his direction and she stayed near the top of the staircase. In a split second, he decided to go see what all this staring was about. It was making him feel weird—a pleasant weird, but weird— and he could tell Angelina was getting jealous by how obviously he was staring back at her. As he walked over to his annoying little brother's favorite bookworm, he felt someone push past him. He turned towards this rude intruder and saw who Hermione had been staring at. It was Viktor Krum. -OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo- " EXPECTO PATRONUM!" He knew he didn't have to yell, but it was a powerful spell, he was a powerful bloke, and I mean he was alone in the Room of Requirement, it's not like anyone would hear him..unless he wanted them to, which he didn't. As little white wisps came out of the tip of his wand he grunted angrily. Apparently, he and George's prank with the garden gnomes that ended up with Bill angry at them for weeks wasn't a powerful enough memory. "Okay well what else is there?" he spoke out loud not fearing anyone hearing him and thinking he was insane. "There's the time we put the spider in Ron's…No that's not good enough..It has to be the happiest memory that I have. What's the happ…BY GEORGE I GOT IT!" He looked around for his brother waiting for his twin to respond with a cringeworthy pun, but George was still in the Great Hall eating, well flirting if he were being honest, with Katie Bell. Oh well, time to try this spell again. As he braced his feet and held out his wand, he heard the door to the DA's secret room open. He quickly spun around and there she was. He had noticed how beautiful she was at the Yule ball in her Fourth Year and in his Sixth, but he wasn't about to let her know that. Hermione had already been hurt by one Weasley brother, he wasn't about to ask her to give him a chance, even though try as he might, he couldn't get the bossy little bookworm out of his head. Before he could open his mouth to ask her what in Godric's name was she doing there, he saw her face. She had been crying. What was going on with his girl? Everyone BUT Hermione seemed to know that Fred had feelings for the younger witch, it's not like he had been secretive. But once people knew that one of the famous Weasley Twins had a thing for the snobbish bookworm, they let up with teasing her…well everyone but Malfoy. She didn't know it, but he would do anything to make sure she always had a smile on that pretty little face of hers…even if it meant fighting the entire Slytherin house without a wand. So, when he saw that she was crying he knew either his git of a little brother or the Death Eater Spawn himself had done something to her. Quickly he was at her side and he scooped her up into a tight embrace, causing the young witch to let out a started squeak. She was not expecting Fred Weasley to be in the Room of Requirement and was incredibly embarrassed that he had obviously seen her crying. " Mione whats wrong?" he asked her swiftly, not loosening his grip on her. As he asked her the question she embraced him just as tightly and began crying even harder into his chest. They stayed there holding onto one another as she calmed her breathing and he smoothed out her hair. He hated the fact that she was crying but by Godric, he was holding the witch he had been pawning after for the past year! As he was thinking about how close they were to one another she stiffened and slowly let him go. He took that as a sign and untangled his arms from around her tiny torso. She looked up into his eyes and as her big doe eyes started to fill with tears again, he led her over to the benches on the far side of the room. Once he sat her down, he kneeled in front of her so that he was eye level with the young witch and asked her again what was wrong. Instead of answering, she lifted her left hand and showed him what was etched onto the back of it: 'I must not speak out of turn.' As soon as he saw the bloody cuts, his vision was immediately clouded with red. That evil little toad had caused Hermione to torture herself, but as he stared at her hand he started to realize that it wasn't Hermione's neat handwriting that was cut into her skin. It was messier, more rushed. He knew that handwriting immediately. It was the handwriting that he frequently saw at the Burrow when Ginny or Ron left their letters lying around. It was the handwriting of The-Boy-Who-Lived. Hermione's voice startled him out of his thoughts. She had wiped away her tears with the unharmed hand that he wasn't holding. Her voice was hard and steady, "I asked Umbridge when we were going to start learning actual defense against the dark arts. I just had enough with all of her rules and her lack of teaching ability. I know we have the DA, but shouldn't we have a competent teacher as well?" As he started to nod, she started again, "Anyway I went off on a tangent about how even though Moody was in a box for the entirety of last year, we learned more in the last couple weeks he had been our professor than the entire time we've had her as a teacher. Of course, she started to get red faced and as she was about to give me detention, Harry spoke up. He said how he agreed that we weren't learning anything and even went as far as to say that Neville's toad would be a better teacher, if the Ministry had decreed that DADA needed to be taught by a toad. Obviously we both got detention, but instead of making us cut into our own hands, I had to, I-I, she made us.." breaking off in a sob Hermione started to cry again. Fred had fallen into a livid silence as she had retold her story but as she started to cry, his anger was pushed to the back of his mind. The only thing that mattered was Hermione. He slowly pulled his hand up to cup her cheek. He now had one hand holding her bloodied hand and another on the crying witch's face. He started to brush away her tears with his thumb. She slowly quieted and looked up at him. If anyone had walked into the Room of Requirement at that moment, they would have thought the two were snogging..if this was any other bird, 2 years ago, Fred knew he honestly would have done just that, but this was not just any girl, this was Mione and he lov..respected her too much to take advantage of her. Instead, Fred flipped over their clasped hands and showed her his own scars. 'I must not be tardy.'and 'I must follow the rules.' were scarred into the back of his hand. The first in his own handwriting, the second was nearly identical to his own, but the letters were skinnier and longer. Hermione gasped and ran her fingers along the back of his scarred hand and so quiet he could barely here her, she whispered his twins name. " Yeah, Filtch caught us giving second years some of our Nose Bleed Nougats and some of our other pastries and he immediately took us to his favorite teacher's office." He rushed before she could cut into his story, "Before you get angry Mione, we weren't testing them on the second years, we were trying to help them get out of DADA class with her. Sometimes you just need a break from the old toad…Anyway, as you can obviously tell by the messy handwriting of the less handsome twin etched onto my hand, she forced us to cut eachother. She never did catch the second years that were eating the sweets so me and George took the punishment and considered it a win," he chuckled with no evident humor, " I mean, we both obviously didn't want to do it, it was damn near the hardest thing I had to do, he's my twin, he's my closest friend not to mention my brother and she forced us to carve lines into eachother's flesh. I thought she only made us do it, ya know, 'the pranksters that are always breaking the rules,'" he chucked again half heartedly, "but I should have known she'd eventually attack the Golden Trio. Or 2/3 of it at least. Where was Ron?" He was starting to get fed up with his little brother. How could he have left Harry and Hermione to get tortured by Umbridge. If nothing else, he could have told him or George so they could have tried to make some sort of distraction to get Hermione..and Harry..out of that pastel pink torture chamber. " He was flirting with Lavender.."she replied, obviously annoyed. "He didn't even realize Harry and I had 'dared to defy the ministry.'" She sneered as she mimicked Umbridge's sickly sweet tone." I'm glad he didn't have to do what we did, but it won't be long before she does this to first years Fred. We have to do something." " Hermione Granger wants to break the rules? Who would have ever thought..Perfect Prefect wants the help of the Weasley Twins." As he lowered his hand from her cheek, she immediately took it in her free hand. As he chuckled at the nights turn of events, her breath quickened. " Yes Fred," she whispered, "I need your help..you and George's help..we have to get her out of this school before anyone actually gets hurt. She's trying to take away everything that makes Hogwarts a home to so many kids who otherwise have nothing. The ministry is trying to get rid of Dumbledore. If he's gone she'll be able to do whatever she 'sees fit.'. Who knows what she'll do next.." She started to speak so quietly that Fred wasn't sure if she was talking to him or herself anymore. " We have to stop this." Her voice like steel. When he looked into her eyes, he could tell why this young witch was a Gryffindor. There was no question about it, she was going to get Umbridge out of Hogwarts, with or without his help. " Well Miss Granger," Fred replied with a light, yet serious tone, "I always knew you were secretly mischievous..me and George have been toying around with some ideas, what would your brilliant mind have us do?" Before Fred could even take a breath, Hermione leaned in and brushed