Title: Inner Desires Pairing: Legolas/ Haldir Rating: NC 17 Summary: Based in Lórien. Haldir desires a certain elf, what will he do to get him? Haldir always gets what he wants. Warning: Slash/Rape/Maybe BDSM later. Don't like don't read. Italics: Thoughts Bold: flashback It must have been decades past since Haldir had last observed such a beauty in his forest. Although Lorien was in the full golden bloom of spring, the delicate petals and vibrant colours were not what the marchwarden's attention was pinned on. Walking through the forest was an elf. He was foreign to this country and had come to seek refuge in Lorien, along with a company of other travelers referred to only as "The Fellowship". Haldir himself was knelt on a pavilion above in the trees, partially obscured of course by the foliage. He had only laid eyes on the elf yesterday but already he was besotted. Glancing down at the companions he smiled; Legolas seemed to have a good relationship with the human, Aragorn, but that was it. It seemed the elf was 'available' at the moment. If he had been tied to another this would be complicated, but luckily for him Legolas was unbound. Haldir walked along the platform on the upper canopies of the trees and formulated his plan. Legolas was happy to be in Lorien, it was truly a beautiful place. He was also blissfully unaware of Haldir's attention. He was enjoying a walk with Aragorn, discussing the journey that lay ahead. Aragorn had decided that their next move would be to travel up river. It would be a much easier journey that way and they were more likely to out run any ill-intentioned pursuers. However a well-earned rest period at Lorien was scheduled before they must depart. They returned to where the rest of the fellowship was sleeping, and Gimli immediately demanded to know where the pair had been for the last two hours. Aragorn chuckled; Gimli had been increasingly attached to Legolas, although he was at pain to admit it. "No where too far, we were just taking a stroll, and enjoying the evening air. What have you been doing while we were gone?" Gimli scowled and muttered something about food and god-dammed elves walking him up, he finished the sentence with a large belch to which earned him a raised eyebrow reproach from his elven companion. Legolas smiled to himself and translated the message. "So you were sleeping, and a messenger came? What news did they bring?" "He wanted you to go to Haldir when you returned." Legolas suppressed the desire to raise eyebrow again and instead chose to confirm what he had heard. "Haldir wishes to see me?" I wonder what could be the matter. As Gimli confirmed this information for the second time , Legolas sighed and was immediately worried. "Very well, I better go and see what he wants; I'll be as quick as possible". He inclined his head to his companions and left to find Haldir. He turned and walked towards their earlier meeting place, hoping someone would direct him to the march wardens offices. Luckily, Haldir was already on that particular platform, and look surprised when Legolas approached. "I heard you sent for me, is everything alright?" He asked nervously. Haldir smiled "My apologies, I forgot you do not know where my quarters are, let me finish here, then we can go up there together". He gave Legolas a quick flashing smile, and turned around to the people he had been talking with before. Legolas waited to the side and Haldir didn't take long to finish his business, and soon the pair was on their way to Haldir's personal quarters. The entrance to these quarters was in a secluded part of Lorien, well away from any other dwellings. Legolas followed Haldir into a small entrance hall, which was finely furnished and tastefully decorated. To Legolas's right was a large wooden door, and then there were two more on his left. Haldir took him through the right door. Inside were his personal chambers, complete with a desk, four poster bed, chest of drawers, cupboard, dining suite and balcony. Haldir led Legolas to the table in the middle of the room, and offered him a chair. Legolas accepted, and sat down. He was still a little nervous about what this meeting was about, but he felt certain that Haldir would not keep h. Heim wondering for much longer, for it must be obvious by now that he felt uneasy. While Haldir disappeared into another room he had a chance to examine the room further. There were no personal items, only a pile of large chests at the end of the room, Legolas was still staring at these intently when Haldir returned with glasses of wine. Legolas jumped in surprise as the other elf put a glass into his hand. "Here, drink this". Haldir sat back in his chair, and stared at Legolas with unwavering eyes. Feeling slightly pressured under the strong gaze, Legolas took a sip of the sweet red wine then plucked up his courage to ask : "I was worried something may have gone wrong when you called me up here, was I incorrect?" Haldir finally broke his stare, but only to top up his glass. "No, no nothing is wrong, I just wished to speak with you, alone. This is your first time in Lórien, am I correct?" Legolas hadn't missed the all too subtle amused tone in his voice, and was now curious. "Yes" "Then as March warden I feel inclined to make sure you enjoy your stay. If there anything you particularly wish to see?" Legolas let out a small sign of relief; he had been worried that Haldir had wanted to discuss the hobbits, but it seemed he was simply trying to be friendly. Haldir picked up on Legolas's relief, and smirked, if only momentarily. "Were you worried about the hobbits? You have every reason to be." Legolas glanced up at Haldir nervously. "I was worried that you were going to ask me to 'keep an eye on them', or worse, ask us to leave". Haldir put his glass down and leant forward, and most unnervingly, put his hand atop of Legolas's. Its' all right, friend, we have no intention of throwing you out, we will encourage you to stay as long as possible, until the orcs are taken care of. You need not fear." The prince is troubled. Perhaps I can ease his pain. He gave Legolas's hand a little squeeze. "But I sense there is something else troubling you?" Legolas was resisting the urge to move his hand, but still managed to keep his composure. "I have no further worries." Haldir arched one eyebrow, and at long last removed his hand, relaxing into the chair he suddenly asked "what do you do in your spare time?" The question came out of the blue, and startled Legolas to point where he almost spilt his drink. He regained his composure before speaking. "I enjoy archery, and I and my brother often hold contests, although I also have to compete in hand on hand matches with him." Why am I as skittish as a rabbit today. He is being friendly the elf rebuked himself. Haldir smiled once more "how about your hand to hand combat?" "I used to spar with my brothers, but I have not had the opportunity to practice for many moons". Haldir sprung lightly to his feet. "Then lets' test it, your hand on hand techniques against my wrestling style, what say you princeling?" Legolas was surprised, but a mischievous smile appeared on his face. "As I said, I haven't had a chance to practice in a while, but very well -where shall we go?" he got to his feet and followed as his companion beckoned him into another room. Haldir led Legolas into what seemed to be a training room, it had mats in the center of the floor, and targets scattered around along with various weapons which were suspended on the walls. Haldir led Legolas to the mats and removed his shoes, placing them on the side. Legolas did the same, and then moved to stand opposite him. He was finally relaxing, this at least was familiar to him. Legolas moved into an offensive stance and felt ready when Haldir came at him. Haldir grappled him around the waist, trying to tip him over; but Legolas hooked one leg behind his opponents, and used the momentum to topple them both. They ended up sprawled on the floor, struggling to keep the other pinned down for the customary five counts. Somehow Legolas managed to clamber back to his feet and for another half an hour or so they fought this way. If one pinned the other, the other would find a way to escape. Finally Haldir seemed to be showing signs of tiredness and he hadn't tackled Legolas for quite a while, which was something he seemed to like doing, as it always ended up with them both on the floor in a tangle of limbs. Legolas dropped his guard just a little, but sadly this was enough to give Haldir the chance to tackle him again. Legolas cursed; once they were on the floor it was often difficult to get back up. Haldir did not play a clean game, as he pinned his prince to the woven mat he heard a particularly vulgar sentence come from Legolas. "tsk tsk, Legolas, what would your farther say if he heard you cursing so? I think I should spare him a duty and wash your mouth out, if I win that is, if I loose I will spare you." Legolas laughed out loud at the teasing, he was enjoying himself. He and Haldir were an even match it would appear. Once more they were on their feet, how they had got there Legolas had no idea, but now he was loosing. Haldir had managed to grasp his arm and twist it behind his back; the maneuver took them to the floor again. Legolas was face down this time, and had no chance of getting back up. Haldir sat himself on the princes' back and smugly counted off the seconds declaring himself the winner. Legolas felt like banging his head on the floor, but instead he waited for Haldir to let him up. When Haldir didn't move he twisted to try and see his face, but his head was grasped and he was forced to look at the floor. He called out to Haldir that he had lost, he admitted it now could he please get back up? Legolas twisted to look up at Haldir enquiringly and was shocked to find the wardens face so close to his own, he froze. Haldir had one hand holding Legolas's arm in place, which was stopping him from getting up, but the other hand rested between his shoulder blades, rubbing softly. "Stay still" he whispered, his mouth millimeters from Legolas's ear. Legolas was confused, just what was Haldir doing? The next second however, and Haldir's weight shifted from his back and the elf was offering him his hand up. "Now then, didn't I promise to wash your mouth out if I won?" Legolas came very close to cursing once more. Haldir couldn't stop himself from laughing at the half playful grimace on Legolas's face. Chuckling he clasped Legolas's hand and playfully dragged him into his bathroom. "Now Legolas, I did promise, it shall serve you right for using such vulgar language." It was Legolas's turn to chuckle. "Maybe I've been with humans and hobbits for too long, they are forever swearing." Haldir smirked, and picked up a small bar of soap. " Kneel on the floor and open wide". To the wardens surprise and interest the elf complied, but not without some hesitation. Legolas knelt before him, and Hadilr laughed at the princes face reddened. "Honestly, this is a new experience for me