Disclaimer : I do not claim any ownership over the ideas of others incorporated into this fic. It all belongs to its rightful owners. DOUBTS AND BETRAYALS I "Bella?" The sound of her name pulls her out of the thoughts she'd gotten lost in. When she looks towards the source, she finds Edward staring at her with clear frustration painted across his face. It's the expression he wears whenever he's failed at reading her mind. "Sorry," She murmurs in apology, both for her distraction and the block on her mind she can't control. He'd been playing another one of the songs he'd written and the melody had lulled her mind into a trance, repetitive but soothing. She figures he'd asked for her opinion on the piece and the lack of reply had given away her absentminded state. He only nods his head, saying, "I have to return you to Charlie's soon." Understanding that it's time to leave, she gets up and waits for him to open the door to his room before following him down the stairs. None of the other Cullens are in the living room when she and Edward come down. She suspects that the majority of them are spread throughout the house, but none make their presence known, so she leaves without bidding any of them farewell. To be expected , she muses as she follows Edward out of the house and to his car parked in the driveway. She hadn't seen any of them when she'd arrived with him, Edward having directed her straight to his room, and the lack of encounters was an accurate reflection of the past few days. Even when she thinks backs, the weeks before everything had been monumentally messed up were similar. The other Cullens have never interacted much with her, nor she with them; except Alice at times, and maybe Esme, but even then only once in a blue moon. So that hasn't changed much, it's just become more pronounced in her mind. . The ride to her house is silent. She stares out the window, once again losing herself in the turmoil of thoughts she's been falling into more and more these past few days. The steady blur of green lulls her just at the melody had beforehand, passing through her vision in flashes. When she finally brings herself to glance at her side from the corner of her eye, she can tell Edward has noticed her state. He's sitting with an upright posture and his gaze is concentrated out the front window, watching the road. He gives no indication to any discomfort or annoyance on his part otherwise, and she fails in saying anything about her inattention and lack of focus. She just can't bring herself to offer up an explanation, or any form of conversation at all, even in the face of his reaction. And so they sit in silence just as they have the past few days while the car speeds along the road. Moments later, he pulls the car up into her driveway, empty except for the cherry red pick up she hasn't driven in a while. The lack of a police chief's cruiser is noticeable but neither comments on it. She waits in the stillness, unsure how to breach it without making her haste to be free of it obvious. He does it for her. "I'll come by tonight," He tells her, doesn't ask, and she only nods in acknowledgement before exiting his car. Standing next to the porch, she watches as he drives away. He backs out of the driveway expertly and then heads off in the same direction from which they came, on his way back to his house, not once looking back at her. With a sigh at the monotonous routine she somehow got sucked into, she looks up towards her house in slight trepidation. Knowing Charlie's not there and not wishing to go back to a room she'd spent hours upon hours sullen and depressed in, she decides to take a walk instead. She needs to clear her mind with some fresh air and the life felt in the wooded nature surrounding the town, something she'd done often in the weeks following her months of perpetual catatonia. The cherry truck sits untouched as she heads off in the direction of the town square. .:. "Leah?" Looking up in the direction from which her name was called, she finds her mother staring at her with a frown fixed on her features. "What is it, Ma?" She asks, annoyed at the interruption, wondering what she'd possibly done wrong now. The past few months have felt like everyone was turning against her, things fucking up one way or another, and her mother has been at her back more and more lately. "I've asked you twice to go fetch your brother for an early dinner, and you're still sitting there. You know I have to head out in a few." It's said with a tone of disapproval and a stern expression that tells tale of what will happen if her demand goes unheard once more, so with a sigh of resignation, she gets up off the couch to do as told. Her steps resound heavily throughout the house as she climbs the stairs, making her way towards her little brother's room. She'd been watching T.V. before her mother had stepped in front of it, blocking her view, and her brother is not going to get any slack for causing her to step away. Standing in front of her brother's door, she knocks three times in succession before loudly intoning, "It's dinner time, kid, you better hurry up before I go in there and drag you down myself!" She waits a moment for a reply, but seconds later huffs in further annoyance when she's met with none. Knocking once more for emphasis, she opens the door to the room and prepares to shout much louder than before but ends up snapping her jaw shut when she comes face to face with an empty room. "Seth?" There's no answer to her questioning tone. Huffing in annoyance once again as she's prone to do around her family, she makes her way back downstairs to inform her mother of her brother's absence. Once she reaches the ground floor, she turns towards the direction of the kitchen only to stop when she hears her mother's voice talking with someone in the living room. Rounding the rest of the way, she freezes when she's met by the sight of her ex-boyfriend standing beside her brother. She hasn't seen him in a while, having gotten into the habit of avoiding his usual haunts to stop that very thing from happening. Him being in her home of all places brings to surface the turmoil of emotions the events of the past months have given her. It's then that she catches Sam's reply, "It won't happen again Mrs. Clearwater, I'll be sure he gets back on time." She watches in growing frustration as pleasantries are exchanged before Sam takes his leave, exchanging some words with Seth before finally going on his way. Once he's gone, she enters the room with a clear mix of confused anger on her features as she crosses her arms across her chest. "What the hell was that?" . She ignores her mother's urging to stop, walking hurriedly to her truck. Knowing what exactly that was had pushed her to leave the house altogether, needing to get away for a while. Her brother had been hanging out with him of all people, and that was why he hadn't been in his room when she'd gone to get him. Sam had kindly brought him home, her mother said. Please, he doesn't know the definition of kind , she scoffs, approaching her truck. All that's going through her head besides the events of the past few minutes are thoughts of escape, and she complies readily with those urges. Turning towards her mother right before she goes to open the driver side's door, in a voice strained with the effort of controlling her anger and frustration, she tells her, "I'll be back soon, Ma, okay?" Hopping into the car without waiting for a response, she turns on the engine and backs out of the driveway before making her way off the reservation. She wonders if things will ever start looking up for her. .:. It's been three days since the Cullens returned with her to Forks. Three days since she jumped off that cliff in a haze of pain and confusion, only the thought of brief respite clear in her mind. Since Alice had come back after failing to see her getting pulled out of the water by Jacob, and she followed her to Italy in an effort to save Edward from a severely misguided attempt at death at the hands of the Volturi. Since she ended up with a set due date to be changed into a vampire. And throughout those three days, she has found herself more and more unsure of the decisions she's made. Of her desire to become a vampire. It's become clearer and clearer to her in the few days following those events that she's not as vital a member to the Cullen family - or well, coven - as she'd thought. All of them left her without a thought to how their abandonment would affect her, or even to how she might still be hunted by the remaining members of James' coven. They left her with no goodbye and no explanation. None except for the cruel words Edward told her right before he left her out there, alone in those woods with no clue as to how to get back. It'd taken another coming upon her, a Quileute that had carried her back to her home after finding her out there what must have been hours after Edward had gone. She hadn't been aware of much, then. But his words still echo in her mind even now. They echo as he goes to embrace her, and as he drives her to and from his family's home, and even as she talks to the other Cullens on those rare moments they approach her - over and over. Those words that have yet to be followed by an apology, words that have been left hanging as a piece of truth that cannot be erased from her memories. Edward has just reverted back to how he behaved before everything went wrong, and the other Cullens fell right in line, seemingly disregarding those months she struggled to find the energy to even get out of bed to use the bathroom. She doesn't think most of them are even aware of all she went through. And that's what truly causes her to realize her lack of permanence within the Cullen household, her lack of importance. Not the abandonment where they all up and left with no problem, but the lack of notice of said abandonment and all she had gone through. She thinks her doubts wouldn't have grown so much if they'd told her why. If they just apologized and meant it, and assured her it wouldn't ever happen again. Edward just completely pushed aside those months they were separated by his hand. He never once brought it up, just embracing her when she diverted his attempt at exposure and not letting go of his hold for the longest time. Once they returned, it all went back to how it was before she was left with no one to talk to about all she'd been through, and that was that it seemed. Alice, the person she'd considered to be her best friend up until those events, had brought it up once. She hadn't apologized but rather scolded her for her lack of care when she returned to Forks to see if she had truly died. And moments after, they'd had to leave because she'd had that startling vision of Edward's impending