A/N: Twilight belongs to Stephanie Meyer. I am merely playing with her characters. The original plot of Living does belong to me, however. This is my submission for the Reflections of Summer Non-Canon Fic contest with only very minor edits. It was lucky enough to have been awarded the winner of the public vote and the favorite of Judge Madi, and I am inexpressibly grateful. Thank you to my beta/pre-reader and sister, Shelljayz, for helping me with this. We both know just how much significance and weight it holds for us, and I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you also to my pre-readers, Laurie Whitlock and juliangelus. Deebelle1 made a beautiful banner for the story that can be found on my photobucket album for my other story, Longing. Living is loosely based on actual events. Note the word loosely. oOo BPOV I sat at the bar in one of the lounge areas on the cruise ship, a shot glass filled to the brim with rum before me on the polished cherry wood surface. Rum wasn't generally my drink of choice, but I figured when in Rome, and we were headed to the Bahamas. Rum was the liquor in those parts, and if it was good enough for Jack Sparrow, it sure as hell was good enough for me. I still wasn't sure if I should drink the shot or go for some girly, fruity tropical drink—something a little less hardcore and wouldn't burn as I threw it back—but I needed the buzz, preferably sooner rather than later. This trip had been great so far. Really. How could four days at Disneyworld and six on a Disney cruise to the Bahamas not be? It wasn't the trip itself that was the problem. It was the reason for it. This was a family vacation and not in the sense of a contained family unit. It included my extended family on my father, Charlie's, side—his two brothers and their wives, his sister and her husband as well as all their children. That was another great thing about this trip. I loved Charlie's side of the family dearly and didn't get to see them often enough. Also, they were a lot less crazy than my mother, Renée's, family. So again, it wasn't the people on this trip with me that had me so down. The problem was that my Aunt Esme was dying of lung cancer, though she had never smoked a day in her life, and of course, it was the rarest form of it. We thought she'd beaten it a year ago, but it had come back with a vengeance. I wasn't even sure it had ever really gone away, but there was no saving her from it this time; the chemo wasn't working and she didn't have the gene required to participate in a clinical trial that might spare her life. In a matter of weeks, months if we were lucky, she would be gone, and that was why I was in a bar, contemplating getting shitfaced drunk. There were times when it was easy to forget the underlying reason for our sea adventure, to have fun and let loose and make everlasting memories to be forever cherished. Then there were times like these when I simply could not shake the very real and quickly approaching reality that my aunt would be gone from my life forever, from everyone's. It didn't help to see how poorly the generally stoic Charlie was coping. He tried to hide it but he was devastated, and it tore me up so damn much. I had always been a daddy's girl. My whole life, Charlie had represented strength and safety and refuge in the middle of a storm. There was nothing he couldn't do. He was my hero. As I grew into an adult, I came to the conclusion that my father wasn't as perfect as I'd made him out to be in my head, but my opinion of him was still the same and he was the one man in my life who had never let me down. My faith in him was absolute, so to see him, this man who had always been a pillar of strength for me and everyone else he loved, crumble with heartbreak before my very eyes was almost as tragic as my aunt's impending death. And my Aunt Esme wasn't just any aunt. She was the truly special kind. She was another pillar of strength for me, another person who had never let me down, another I had absolute faith in. Every time I saw her, I always knew with merely a glance into her warm brown eyes—Charlie's eyes, my eyes—just how much she loved me, and that love of hers was endless and unconditional. She had always been there for me both during the good times and the bad, always ready with kind, comforting words that never failed to sooth me. Her arms were always open, prepared to give one of her excellent hugs whether it was just to show how much she loved me or to provide some much needed solace. When I needed an escape, her home was always open, no questions asked, with the knowledge that she was there to talk if that was what I needed. If it was a shoulder to cry on I needed, she was always ready to be that for me too, armed with tissues and patience. In essence, she was always prepared to be whatever I needed her to be whether I knew what my need was or not. That's how she was with everyone, and soon, that would be gone from the world forever. No more sweet smiles, no more sorely needed and always wise and perceptive advice, no more of the best hugs ever. Just sadness and grief left in their wake. This trip was an item to be checked off her bucket list. She had always wanted our family to be able to go on a vacation together, but it had just never happened. Not before . But there was that saying "no time like the present," and the present was all she had left. My Uncle Carlisle was absolutely devoted to Esme and had always been willing to do anything for her. Now was no different. He was a brilliant doctor who had been well-compensated for his talent over the years and had the cash to finance all the travel arrangements for his wife's family, so he had. This trip was, essentially, all expenses paid. I could never express how grateful I was to him for this opportunity to make these final, cherished memories, but there were other, less than pleasant memories that inevitably came with them. Esme wasn't yet on her deathbed, but she had withered away practically to nothing, bones protruding sharply from beneath her too-thin skin, the toll her disease was taking on her so painfully clear. There were dark circles beneath her kind eyes and such a deep exhaustion in them that it made me tired just to look at her. The chemo had wreaked havoc on her in so many ways, not all of them obvious. She was a woman who loved her food, always adventurous in trying new things. That's how she was in every aspect of her life, but that was gone now. She struggled to eat the same way she sometimes struggled for breath. I had been able to avoid this terrible reality, the reality that she was truly dying for months, but it was something I could no longer run from. My eyes pricked with tears that were dangerously close to falling, and I no longer wavered. I palmed the shot glass, lifted it to my lips and threw the liquor back. I didn't even wince as it burned its way down my throat, but a lone tear did escape to make its way in a haphazard path down my cheek and every inhale I took now bore the distinct sound of sniffles. I motioned the bartender for another. "Mourning the loss of a boyfriend?" a rich, smooth baritone voice came from my left, the sound of a barstool a couple down from mine scraping the shiny wood floor as it was pulled out presumably to be occupied by the owner of said voice. I rolled my eyes before I turned to face this presumptuous asshole and prepared myself to deliver a venomous and very sarcastic retort, all traces of tears and sniffles abruptly disappearing. Unfortunately, the sight of him struck me dumb for a moment. He had wavy, shaggy blond hair that hung just past his ears and had clearly been bleached a shade lighter by the summer sun, angular, aquiline features—strong jawline, full, perfectly kissable lips and great cheekbones—and blue eyes the color of the tropical sea. The only imperfect thing about his face was his nose, and I could tell it wasn't that way from any natural flaw. The bridge of it was crooked and slightly misshapen, like it had been broken at least once. It certainly didn't detract from how handsome he was. If anything, it enhanced his attractiveness by giving him character. He was wearing a white wife beater that stretched taut across his broad, well-muscled shoulders and torso, which tapered down to a narrow waist I could just bet was cut with a delectable deep V, trim hips, long, toned legs worn with board shorts and flip-flop clad feet. All of it was enough to make me drool a little. I was aware the pause as I stopped to admire this rather beautiful stranger would take most of the bite out of my snarky comeback, so I gulped down my second shot and decided against that type of response. It would do me no good to antagonize this man. "No," I finally answered. Then I cocked a curious eyebrow and asked wryly, "Is that a line you use often?" The mystery man's mild expression turned sheepish. "No," he replied, his tone just as sheepish as his face. "I've never used it before. I don't typically use lines at all." I detected a Southern accent I hadn't noticed when he'd first spoken. I drooled a little more. "So why start now?" "Well, to be honest, pickin' up women in bars has never held much appeal for me," he admitted. He looked reluctant to continue and I didn't understand why until he actually did. "Until you. I've seen you around the ship all day and my interest has been thoroughly piqued, not that I've necessarily been aimin' to pick you up." He'd noticed me before. That was interesting. Under different circumstances, I was certain I would have noticed a man like him too, but I had been too focused on my family to pay much attention to anything other than spending time with them and the gorgeous scenery, though this guy could definitely be lumped in with it. "Smooth," I noted with amusement, shooting him a smile. "I'm Jasper," he said. He still looked slightly sheepish, but he returned my smile and offered me his hand in introduction. I took it and electricity shot through my body and straight between my thighs. I'd never had that reaction to such a simple touch before, not with any of the men I'd been with at least. It was alarming and it startled me. It was moderately comforting that he seemed just as affected as I was, but I could have been imagining that. My throat had gone dry, and I couldn't manage to eke out any more than, "Bella." "Hello, Bella. Now that we've got introductions out of the way, shall I do something incredibly cliché and offer to buy you a drink?" he asked, a playful gleam in those mesmerizing, too-blue eyes of his. "I am new at this, after all." "You could," I answered, matching his playful air, but when I spoke next, my voice had gone all husky and