A/N: So this is truly a one shot (I made that claim on my last story that is now up to 35 chapters) and my first attempt at a pure smut. Let me know what you think as reviews=love. "What if he doesn't like me?" I exhaled heavily as Edward's lips traced down my neck leaving a trail of sweet smelling venom that sent thrilling chills down my spine when he blew on it. Things were getting very physical in our relationship, but Edward insisted that I meet his father before they progressed any further. "Bella," he almost moaned, "how could he not. You are so pleasing in every way." His lips dipped to the place where my pulse would have thumped when I was human and his suction would have brought my blood to the surface leaving a purple bruise. All it did now was stoke the desire I had felt since the blood lust ebbed a little. "He won't mind my red eyes?" I said craning my neck back to allow him better access. God, being a vampire heightened all the senses, sensations, and emotions. It was Edward who found me and changed me. The lure of my blood drew him near me but the silence of my thoughts in his mind compelled him more than his thirst. He drank enough to enjoy, but not enough to kill and then the venom changed me. It was my love that fueled my desire to give him my life-blood and it was his love for me that gave me immortality. I try not to remember the burning. I do, however, like to remember draining the life-blood from the lowlife sack of shit that left my mother a blubbering, weak mess addicted to meth. That made the burning worth it. My father's blood was a nice chaser to her tainted blood which literally left a bad taste in my mouth. Edward explained to me his family tried to limit their diet to animals in an effort to keep attention from themselves, but that no one would miss a crack whore and a lowlife, dead-beat bastard maker. They were both in serious trouble with too many people to number and no one would care enough to really investigate. "Come on." He breathed in my ear and then bit my earlobe. "I really want to fuck you and I can't until you meet Carlisle." His vulgarity only turned me on more. As a human I had been willing to submit to any treatment my dead-beat lowlife parents subjected me to in exchange for any scrap of parental affection. I was aware of that emotional need which turned me into a prude, shunning the advances of the high school boys that tried very hard to break down my walls. I knew they just wanted in my pants and I wasn't going to become another teen pregnancy statistic because my daddy didn't love me enough. But, my new body, with its heightened senses, made me feel powerful and secure. I wasn't going to take any more shit from anyone and I was going to do what I wanted because it made me feel good. And Edward was making me feel good. I wanted to fuck him, too. "So what did you call it again?" His hand ghosted across my breast and I tried to push into it. He moved it away quickly. I groaned at being unfulfilled. "Ius Primae Noctis." His hand fisted in my hair and gently pulled my head back again. "I can't touch you until Carlisle has had a chance to…prepare you." He continued to lick and suck up and down my neck as he explained. "He's the head of our coven so he must approve any new members anyway." "Yeah. I got that." I replied a little frustrated. He stopped at the change of tone in my voice. I wasn't quite sure what he meant by prepare and never really cared for Latin terms. They all sounded the same to me and they all seemed pretentious. "I hate that I don't know what you're thinking." But he smiled at the same time. "Maybe I can bribe it out of you later." He growled in a sultry tone. "Come on, you are going to have a good time." He promised. "Carlisle, and my family, are very…talented." I grinned at him and kissed him, nipping on his bottom lip, as I pulled the handle on his brand new Audi. I was very careful not to destroy it with my new strength that I hadn't entirely learned to control. He bought the car simply because I admired one I saw in a movie we watched right after my change. I followed him into the house and inhaled to get my bearings. I found that scent was the greatest acquisition in this new life. I could smell things before I heard or saw them. The taste of Edward's venom combined with his smell left me light headed even though that feeling, caused by oxygen deprivation, shouldn't exist in vampires. It must be some kind of pheromone. I could smell so many different scents ranging from floral to musky. The roses from the vase near the door provided the source for the strongest scent, but I could differentiate five to six other vampire scents, but I would have to meet them to determine who was who. I could hear them in different parts of the house talking quietly. It was only a murmur, so I couldn't make out any words and wondered if that was done purposely. "Come. Let's go straight to Carlisle's study before you meet the others. I'm not going to be able to keep my hands off of you for very long. What have you done to me?" He asked and I just smiled since I couldn't blush anymore. He had been asking that question since he first appeared in my bedroom in the middle of the night and revealed to me who and what he was. "The feeling is mutual. Take me to your leader." I meant it to be a snarky play on old B alien movies, but considering what I had learned over the past few weeks…well the words held more truth than humor. Edward chuckled anyway. We climbed a flight of stairs and he led me down a cream colored hallway where the walls were decorated with the most eclectic array of art I had ever seen. I really liked it and I was going to have to come back and study each piece. We stopped outside a set of double oak doors. This was the source of the musky scent and I really enjoyed it. It was very similar to Edward's scent so it had a similar effect on me. I could hear the pages of a book being turned and I knew that we could be heard outside this doorway by whomever we could hear inside. "Don't be nervous." He crooned. "You're beautiful, smart, wonderful," he ran his nose from the base of my neck to my jawline inhaling along his slow journey, "and mouthwateringly delectable. Remember that and he won't be able to help himself." He waggled his eyebrows at me. "Ius Primae Noctis, and then come back to me." He turned and walked down the hallway leaving me alone with only one glance back. God, I really needed to relieve this tension Edward had helped build in me so I might as well get this over with. I reached for the doorknob and turned it. I felt like it was stupid to knock if he knew I was out here so I didn't. I closed the door silently behind me and leaned up against it. Across the dimly lit study that was lined with shelves of books sat a gorgeous blonde vampire who peered over his book at me. His friendly smile set me at ease and his buttery eyes closed as he inhaled taking in my scent as I had done with his outside his office. "Bella." He stated. "It is very nice to finally meet you." I closed my eyes at the soothing tone of his sultry voice and when I opened them again his face was only inches from mine. "Edward has not exaggerated your beauty." He dipped his nose along my neck just as Edward had done in the hallway. "Nor your scent. Your blood must have been very pleasing to him." I felt his tongue test the flesh under my jaw; it was brief and not meant to be erotic, I was pretty sure. But that didn't keep my body from responding. "I see he has marked you with his venom. I always did like his flavor." He grinned. I took in the carved features of his handsome face including his golden eyes which were still so strange to me. They were very much like Edwards, but flecked with blue. The flecks of green in Edward's yellow eyes made them appear warmer to me. I didn't look at my own red eyes very closely because they were still so startling, but Carlisle studied them. "You drank the blood of your parents I hear," he stated, but not in a harsh and judging tone. "They were not good people I've been informed." He ran a finger along my jaw in a paternal manner offering comfort for a perceived loss. "No." It was all I could think of to say. I didn't have very kind feelings towards the people who donated an egg and some sperm for my existence and my transformation only intensified my animosity. His finger stopped at my chin and lifted it so he could look in my eyes. "Good. They've given you fire and I like that, Isabella." He moved his lips closer to mine and exhaled. As I breathed in the breath he shared with me, my arousal increased. He could smell it and smiled. "Are you familiar with Ius Primae Noctis, Isabella?" I shook my head and wondered why it didn't bother me that he used my full name like it did when anyone else used it. "But you know what it means?" he pressed. I hesitated slightly and shook my head again. "It means that I receive the gift of your virtue. I don't always require it, but Edward insisted," he said. His hand came to my waist and with them a flood of desire coursed through me like the sea had broken through its levy. My body didn't mind that this sublime creature wanted to deflower me, but my head and heart wondered why Edward would insist. "Edward insisted?" I asked as another wave of desire swept over me leaving my voice breathy. His hands had cupped my breasts over my thin cotton shirt and he pressed his hips into mine showing he was feeling the same kind of desire for me. "Is that going to bother you?" He moved his lips so close that the brushed mine when he asked. He smelled so good and inhaled deeply again. I answered by kissing him. His lips were firm and demanding and when his tongue ran along my bottom lip I opened my mouth to grant it access. His body pressed me against the doors and his hands tore my shirt by the seams and the pieces fell to the floor. I had given up wearing a bra when my body turned to stone. What was the point? He pulled his mouth from mine and I gasped into the void and his gaze lowered to my ample breasts that were peaked with arousal. "Is your wife going to mind?" I asked as his hand, warm against my own cool skin, cupped one breast and his mouth claimed the other. My head slammed back against the door as his razor sharp teeth clamped down on my nipple. The other was kneaded and massaged between Carlisle's expert thumb and index finger. The new sensations doubled the desire