A/N: Ever since I heard this song I've equated it with vampires. I've always been a freak for vampire stories and Twilight fell right into my little fettish. After reading Twilight I thought Haunted would be a good part of the movie soundtrack except it doesn't quite fit with SM's sparkly world. But after reading and writing fanfiction for almost a year I finally figured out that I can write my own that does fit. Interestingly enough, this story has no vampires in it. Not the bloodsucking kind. Haunted By Evanescence Long lost words whisper slowly to me Still can't find what keeps me here When all this time I've been so hollow inside I know you're still there Watching me, wanting me I can feel you pull me down Fearing you, loving you I won't let you pull me down Hunting you, I can smell you - alive Your heart pounding in my head Watching me, wanting me I can feel you pull me down Saving me, raping me, watching me Watching me, wanting me I can feel you pull me down Fearing you... loving you I won't let you pull me down Look it up on youtube and hear it's eerie sound if you are unfamiliar with it. I love this song. Each chapter will feature a section of the lyrics. It's dark. It's dirty. It's AU. Stephenie Meyer owns the rights to all her characters. I just like playing with them. Long lost words whisper slowly to me Still can't find what keeps me here When all this time I've been so hollow inside I know you're still there Four months and she could still feel his breath on her neck as he whispered the words calculated to open her heart—and her legs. "I love you, Bella," he'd murmured in a low tone that seemed to resonate through her heart, her bones, her being. Her soul. "Do you know how sexy you are?" He had a way of touching her that could leave her both panting and wanting, sated and needing. All at once. And no one had ever thought she was sexy. Edward. It was such a common name yet so formal. It made her think of the classic literature she loved to read with noble, yet slightly flawed heroes who always made some cathartic change to secure the happily ever after. That's what drew her back to him again and again. All the great love stories are angst filled, right? She knew because she was double majoring in both American and British literature. She figured she'd read them all the great romances by the time she was finished with her Ph.D. But, that was a long way off. "Stop it." The growl of her best friend also had a way of rumbling in her chest. It could be comforting, but half of the time it just pissed her off. He always thought he knew what she was thinking. If he actually did, she probably wouldn't have been in the whole Edward mess. "What?" she asked feigning an innocent voice she was sure was convincing. "I'm reading my assignment." "Whatever," Jacob replied, "eat your lunch or I'm going to tell Dr. Gerandy." She knew he loved her and was concerned about her, but she was getting better. It frustrated her that he failed to recognize the little steps she was taking. Bella looked from her friend's dark eyes down to the plate in front of her that was virtually untouched, back up the teak stillness that seemed to swallow her excuses and spit them back at her when he didn't like them. She'd try anyway. "Sorry, I was just reading," Bella tried, "it's really a great book. Seriously Jake, you need to get a life instead of monitoring every single bite of food I eat." She pulled her lip in between her teeth as if she could absorb some nutrients from it while she waited to see if he bought her excuse. She didn't need him shadowing her again. Well, any more than he already did. "You've been reading that same page for five minutes and you're not eating your lunch. That's the problem." He leaned his hulking, muscular frame forward, across the table and hitched one corner of his mouth up in a smirk. Jacob was sort of beautiful and Bella never wondered why girls threw themselves at him. He would never be lonely as long as he flashed that sweet smile which offset his predatory air. His spiky hair and rugged attire gave him the bad boy look that made girls cream themselves and his dimpled, toothy smile made them want to take him home to meet mom and dad. Her dad already knew him and she had grown out her infatuation for him long ago. Her solace at never having Jake see her like he saw other women was that he was still her friend. Jake didn't have girlfriends, he fucked girls. A lot. "Am I going to have to feed you bite by bite?" Her heart flipped when he said it and her eyes widened infinitesimally. His question reminded her of the first time Edward indicated what he really wanted from her. She'd never told Jake, though. "No, you jackass. I can feed myself." Her heart pounded as she pushed the memory down. She'd think about it when Jacob's omniscient eyes weren't across from her. "Then fucking do it," he said, again through a grin that both showed his concern and his irritation. He was so good at that. He leaned back in this chair and shoved about three inches of his foot-long sandwich into his mouth as if showing her by example. Bella set down her book and picked up her own sandwich and took, what she thought would be a huge bite. "Happy?" she mumbled and a piece of onion flew out and landed on the table. Jake just nodded, chewing his own monstrous bite. Bella couldn't believe how fast he could down food. Mayonnaise squirted out the back of Jake's sandwich with his next bite. "That's disgusting," she said as he licked the mayo off the heel of his hand. "Bells, not liking mayo is, like, un-American or something. It's like being communist in the '50s. There's got to be a Congressional committee that investigates that sort of thing." Bella shook her head at him as she tried to chew her mouthful of food. He was taking a class on the Cold War and he'd been making references to it all damn semester. She'd be glad when term was over. Jacob turned his sandwich around and licked another glob of mayo that was threatening suicide and Bella shuddered trying to not lose the little bit of her lunch she had managed to swallow. "And I won't be happy until you chew that bite, swallow it, finished the rest, and Let. It. Digest." His eyes were serious with no hint of levity in them at all. Again, it irritated her. He always thought he knew—most of the time he was right. That is what was so irritating. Bella swallowed half of what was in her mouth and then stuck her tongue out to show him the rest. "How old are you? Seriously?" Jake scoffed at her display of chewed up food. "Thought you'd want to check that I was chewing and swallowing," Bella bit out sarcastically. She loved it when she could surprise him. It didn't happen often. "And I'm the disgusting one?" Jake asked, smirk back in place. "I'm not a bird, I don't share food that way." Bella finished swallowing. "No, but you're a wolf who will eat anything." Bella raised her eyebrow, "and I do mean anything." As if the cosmos wanted to illustrate her point Jake's phone buzzed. Bella took another bite, but smaller this time. "Jealous?" Jake leered as he licked his lip before he looked down at his phone where his fingers typed in his passcode. Her heart flipped again. She was. But it was because she missed him . She couldn't tell Jake that, though. "In your dreams," Bella scoffed. She swallowed and ate a hand full of chips. She knew he'd noticed if she didn't. "Speaking of wet dreams," Jacob's smile always lessoned the crassness of his words, "looks like I won't need one tonight." His huge thumbs navigated the touch screen of his phone deftly. He had to get one of those huge phones that almost looked like a tablet, but everything about Jacob was big. "Who was that?" she asked before taking another bite. His playful eyes met hers and they were full of excitement. "Jessica." His phone buzzed again and whatever she typed back to him made him groan with pleasure and shift in his seat. "So skank is on the menu for tonight," Bella said through another mouthful. "You really will eat anything." "She gives it good and doesn't demand what I don't want to give," Jake said distractedly still looking at his phone. "Mmm-mm!" he growled as his phone buzzed again. "God, don't tell me she sent a picture." Bella really hated the technological age. It took all the romance out of everything. Jacob's gaze met hers and he winked. "Damn, she's hot! Wanna see?" He clucked his tongue against the back of his teeth. "No," her tone was resolute. "You don't send that kind of shit back do you? There aren't pictures of little Jakey out there in cyberspace are there?" Bella had an irrational fear about media and pictures on the internet. "No," Jake put his phone back on the table, "if you don't get to see it live, then you don't get to see it." He leaned forward again, "and there ain't nothin' little about it." He waggled his eyebrows. "I'm one of the few girls on this campus who doesn't have first-hand knowledge. I'll just take your word for it," Bella replied. She popped the last of her sandwich in her mouth and stuck out her tongue again. "I could show you a few things," Jake smirked. Her heart flipped again. Why did everything he said today remind her of Edward? "I've been shown enough," she mumbled. "What time is the skank buffet? When will it be safe to come home?" "We'll be at her place. Her roommate is gone for the weekend. I gotta get home and shower. Wanna ride?" Jake offered. "No, I have to go to the library and finish my paper." "Bells," Jake whined, "don't go there. You always get depressed when you go to the library." He knew that's where she'd met Edward. He didn't know all the other things that happened there. But when she was in this mood, it was the only place that offered any kind of relief. "I have to, Jake. I have to do some research," she defended. "That's what the internet is for," Jake countered. "I want to," Bell started and Jake joined her to finish the sentence, "feel the books in my hands." "Promise me that you'll let that food digest." Bella hadn't thrown up in two months and just gave him an irritated scowl. "Promise me you'll wrap little Jakey up tight so that skank's fluids don't contaminate you." "Fine," he promised. "I better go to the store and stock up though." "You're disgusting," Bella shook her head. "So you've been telling me." Jake said and a shadow crossed his face. It was so slight and so quick Bella thought she imagined it. Jake gathered the trash from both their lunches and stood up to throw it in the nearest trash can. His movements had the grace of an athlete, though he only played intramurals. He'd been recruited to play for the school, but he didn't like the pressure. Bella always admired his physicality and the comfort he seemed to have in his own skin. "See you tomorrow sometime?" Jake leaned down and kissed her forehead as he picked up