A/N: So, here's my newest story. I was listening the song by 3 Doors Down called Be Like That and I came up with an idea for a story. This is an AU no vamps or wolves, but I'll keep the themes and canon couples. Every chapter will be a different POV. I'd like to thank my wonderful beta, MarinaNamaste. She helps me round out my thoughts and add the imagery. She keeps the lemonade sweet and tart. :) You should check out her stories, too. She's got a great Jake/Nessie story going on right now. "So my mom's all hell bent on shopping this weekend. God! She can be so annoying!" Alice was droning on and on about how unfair it was that her mom wanted to buy her an "appropriate" homecoming dress. "Uh-huh," I responded, almost automatically. I had to get my homework done and I knew that Alice only required occasional encouragement to continue her ranting. I loved Calculus and it was easy to get numbers and equations. And they made sense. They didn't let you down. They are predictable. "I mean, what the hell does appropriate mean, anyway?" Alice didn't even pause for a response, "I'll tell you what it means. It means that she doesn't trust me and she wants to make sure I get some puritanical habit that covers all the goods that the gods have seen fit to bestow upon me. Does that make sense?" "No. Nuns wear habits and they're Catholic, not Puritans," I replied absent mindedly. I wasn't so bad at history either. "Bella!" Alice whined, "You're missing the point!" "No, Alice I got the point," I placated. "I was just pointing out the flaw in your reasoning." I always got Alice's points. They weren't very deep. She was always complaining about how her mom wanted to buy her things that just weren't her style, or the right brand, or the right color. At least Alice's mother was around. Mine flitted off with whatever new scent came wafting in on the slightest breeze. I'd long ago decided that I wasn't interesting enough for her. "Oh, Bella, who cares about logic when all my mother wants from me is to be a brain-dead, non-thinking, Stepford child with no sense of style." I didn't answer her this time; I was on my last Calculus problem. I almost had it finished when I heard Alice screech. "Isabella Swan, are you doing your homework during my major crisis?" Major crisis? Really, Alice? "Yes, Alice, I am. You know I can multitask," I huffed. It's not like Alice really wanted my opinion or input. I was good about hiding my irritation with Alice most of the time, but calling a day of shopping a major crisis was about all I could handle. "Bella?" Alice sniffled. Man she had pouting down to an art form. Her tiny voice always pulled at my heartstrings—you know the ones attached to a bucket of guilt. "I'm sorry, Alice. You know how I need the good grades." I closed my book loudly hoping she could hear it through the cell phone. "I'm finished now." I stood up from my desk and moved over to flop on my bed. Alice had my full attention. We talked for another half hour—or Alice did, at any rate—I was glad I'd finished with all my homework. Edward was coming over at seven and he also didn't like my attention to be divided. Charlie would be watching the game, so I made sure that he had enough chips and beer so even Charlie wouldn't be a distraction from Edward. My phone buzzed and I looked at it and frowned at the message from Edward. Shit. I hadn't planned on going out and Edward wanted to go to Port Angeles. Asking Charlie permission to go could bring on a lecture and resisting Edward could make him sulk. And I didn't like to make him sulk. He did so much for me, he cared so much for me; I didn't want to disappoint him. I headed into the kitchen to clean up from dinner and think of the best way to bring this up to Charlie. "Dad?" I called from the kitchen. I thought it best to do this when he couldn't see me. I could see him in the reflection of the glass in the gun cabinet. Charlie's eyes moved from the television briefly before he glanced back in time to see someone do something good with some ball on a team that Charlie liked. This was a good thing; he'd be in a good mood, at least momentarily. "Yeah, Bells?" he finally answered after his gruff expression of glee and a round of fist pumps in the air. I loved my dad, but I didn't get his obsession with sports. I didn't get anyone's obsession with sports. It just seemed so pointless. "I'm going to go to Port Angeles with Edward tonight." I thought it might be better to ask forgiveness than permission. "We have to pick up some supplies for our science project, okay?" It wasn't a complete lie. We were going to pick up supplies. But it also probably meant car sex before he brought me back home. "It's awful late, Bells. The store still going to be open by the time you get there?" He wasn't really fooled by Edward's polite demeanor in front of Charlie. He'd commented that Edward had the perfect name and called him "that Haskell kid" too much for me to ever think he was fooled. Edward was sincere, but my dad found it hard to like the boy he suspected of bedding his daughter. "Not if we leave now and Edward is almost here." I tapped my foot on the floor nervously. I didn't quite know if I was more nervous that Charlie was going to give me more grief or if he'd make me late to meet Edward outside. "I just don't know what those stores in Port Angeles have that we don't have here in Forks, but okay." Charlie's keen eyes held my gaze letting me know he really didn't approve, but was going to let me make my own decision. I'd proven myself to be a pretty responsible person; I didn't lie when he asked a direct question; and he really liked my cooking. He may not approve of all my decisions, but he lets me make them. My mom told me once that's how she knew she'd never come back. "Charlie never put up a fight. He never begged me to come back. How bad could he really want me?" she'd asked me when I was eleven. E-lev-en. Like I even could possibly understand the complexities of the marital relationship then. No wonder Billy called me an old soul. I'd been forced to take care of my mother and her flighty whims of fancy since before I was in junior high; I finally told her enough was enough and came to live with my (much) more stable dad. Aloof as he was, he was consistent and I liked that. A lot. As much as I loved Edward, I often wished that my relationship with him was as easy as others in my life. I missed the connection and ease of being with Jacob. Since our dads were best friends, neither of us had a memory of life without the other. It was easy as breathing. We shared all our thoughts and all our feelings. When I came back to Washington we both spilled about our moms. He just needed someone to unload all his grief to. I just needed a place to vent. That was some pretty heavy emotional stuff that brought us together right at the time our bodies decided to hit puberty. Both of us were needy, emotional, hormonal, and horny. We filled the void for the other. Then Edward moved to town. Edward was…dazzling. And he chose me. Out of all those girls flinging themselves at him—he chose little old me. Edward didn't like the way Jake looked at me so I basically cut off all contact with Jake to keep from having the same conversation with Edward every time I spoke to or texted Jake. But Edward was going places and Jake is destined to be chief down on the rez. As much as I admired his heritage and his commitment to it, I wanted to go places, too. I felt that knowing that about myself would shield Jake from the same pain my father carried with him for fifteen years. I didn't want to do to Jake what my mom did to my dad. I loved Jake too much for that. On the same note, as much as Alice annoyed me at times, when I considered Alice and Jasper's relationship I was a bit envious—I was an only child. Alice just did what she pleased and Jasper was happy to be around her. They were easy and free together—he never seemed to be tired of her. Jasper's nonchalance balanced out the controlling nature of Alice's mother. The only thing Jasper wanted from Alice was to be in her presence. To soak her up and drink her in. When Edward told me that I was like a drug to him, my heart flipped in my chest. He was as into me as I was into him. I could feel it and I could see it. But I had to be careful what I said and about whom I spoke. For Edward, certain topics and people put him in a very dour mood. Between Alice and Edward, I was always walking on eggshells. I watched Jasper and Alice closely the last time the four of us went to dinner together. Jasper laughed at Alice's jokes, he let her order her own food. Though he knew what kind of soda she liked the best and ordered it while she was in the bathroom. And he listened to her opinions. Of course they'd known each other their whole lives, but it made their familiarity even more appealing. If the two disagreed on something—which was frequently—Jasper would just shake his head and smile. He'd say, "between the two of us, we'd fix the world." It was so different than what I had with Edward. "We'll have the lobster special with just some water to drink please. Sparkling, not still, with some lemon," Edward said to the waiter without asking me. He ordered for me like in the old, romantic movies. At first I was flattered by the gesture, but I didn't know how to tell him I didn't care for shellfish without causing him to sulk. I didn't know how to navigate that minefield. Alice didn't mind filling him in. "Bella, since when do you like shellfish? And the lobster special is stuffed with crab. That's like a double whammy for you," Alice giggled with a surprised look on her face. "I'm trying to cultivate Bella's palate for finer fare than pop tarts and take-out pizza," Edward explained to the little pixie. He really was beautiful. And I heard it was good to retry foods you previously found unpalatable because your tastes change as you age. "But Bella, it made you sick when you went to my parents' party last year, don't you remember?" Alice pressed, ignoring Edward like he hadn't even spoken. "It's fine, Alice. I'll try it again," I gazed at Edward and winked hoping I conveyed that I really was okay. "He just wants me to try new things." "But…" Alice's tried to interrupt again, but Jasper pulled her attention away. Edward brooded through the main course. I could tell by the way his eyebrows pulled together and he was very quiet. So, I ate with such gusto, to show how much I enjoyed trying new things, that he was fine by the time dessert was delivered. It was a lovely tiramisu, even though I despised the flavor of coffee. Apparently