BURNIE-N-ELLA ISABELLA "But he is intolerable father, I won't do it and you can't make me!" Isabella stomps her foot, just to show her father how disapproving she is. "Quite the contrary Isabella, I can easily order you to, as your king." He easily counters. "Besides," he continues after the brief pause, "would you really see us go to war with France? You have been promised to Prince Michelle Nouveaux since birth. Do you really expect your countrymen to die for you?" "I expected you to see my perspective as my father, not my king… and of course I don't want our people to die for me, but surely there is something you can do?" Her mother joins her fathers side and lopes her hands through her fathers arm. "Come now Ella, while we appreciate your concerns, your father and I had an arranged marriage and we have had wonderful lives." "I don't want your kind of wonderful life mother… I want my kind of wonderful life; one that I choose." Her parents exchange words silently with a mere glance, something their years together have taught them. "Very well," King Charles the Third allows. "Prince Michelle will be here on the first of next month, if you wish to dissolve your coupling, you must do so at least two weeks prior to his arrival so word can be delivered before he leaves. That leaves you with a week and a half for you to find a husband. To do so, you will hold a ball next Saturday… invite whom you please, it matters little." Pure glee spreads across her face and she could do little to contain her excitement. She closes the distance between her and her parents and squeezes them both with all her might. "Thank you Papa, but what of France if I succeed?" "Let me deal with them, don't concern yourself." And she doesn't, without a moment to spare, she sprints to the royal courier to summon the royal ball organiser. BURNIE "Edward! Emmett!" The patriarch of the house yells, excitement lacing his tone. The young men scramble through the threshold, pushing at each other to reach their father first. "I have exciting news," he announces, a small bounce in his heels. The young men stand at attention before their father and wait patiently for him to speak. "The princess has announced a masquerade ball this Saturday, and…" he trails off, hoping to prolong the suspense. "Everyone in the kingdom is invited." Glee lights up in their faces, "but that's not the best part." "Well?!" Edward prompts, a shortness entering his tone. "Mrs Elton heard it from Miss Bates who has it on good authority from the stable boy at the palace who is courting the princesses maid-servant." "And?" Edward prompts again. "It seems our princess is unhappy with the kings arrangement of her hand and she will be seeking a replacement fiancé at the ball. Since she has taken it upon herself to invite the whole kingdom, everyone has a chance at winning her favour. I can see it now, us living in the palace… living like kings." A cheshire-like grin morphs the patriarchs features to a much more sinister demeanour. "Excellent," Edward murmurs, his brows drawing in with thought. "Wow… a ball…" Emmett whispers in wonder. "Burnie, fetch the carriage… I have some things to organise." The man listening in from the next room heads to the stables and prepares the carriage himself. A mere four months prior and the stable boys would have fetched it, and a mere decade prior to that, they would have fetched it for himself. He wasn't born into his servitude, but was rather thrown into it by his step-father. His mother, the heiress of their grand estate sadly passed on mere weeks after his mothers and step-fathers coupling, leaving him at the mercy of the stranger and his evil sons. He seats himself on the hardboard and manoeuvres the carriage to pick up his eldest step-brother from the front of the estate. Edward already awaits his arrival, a 'harumph' to express his disapproval of being left to wait. "To town." His tone as short as it always is. ELLA "It's just not proper your highness, no one of such fine and high breeding should ever be seen in such rags… it's just not proper!" Her lady-in-waiting repeats, somewhat aghast. "Calm down Alice, it isn't a big deal. If I wear peasants clothing, then I won't be recognised, it is out of necessity, not propriety." Ella rebuts. "Someone as beautiful and as precious as you shouldn't be amongst the riffraff, you should be on a pedestal and revered upon," Alice counters. "You're laying it on really heavy Alice, and this isn't up for debate. If I choose to go to town and shop like any other normal lady in the kingdom, then I can." "But you aren't a regular lady, you are heir to the throne… our entire kingdom rests upon your delicate shoulders." "Thanks for reminding me Alice, but I'm still going. Besides, if I am going to rule them one day, then I have a right to understand them and learn about them, and what better way than being one of them?" She brushes her light-brown skirt down and holds out her elbow, "now, are you going to accompany me?" With a huff, "well, someone needs to keep an eye on you." Together, they take an ordinary carriage to town, and walk about just as Ella had hoped, completely unrecognised. Merchants have flooded the town with a myriad of goods, but mostly stocking beautiful and rich materials for gowns and a few merchants specialised in selling the masquerade masks. "Perhaps we should select our masks from one of the merchants Alice. All of the royal milliners and dressmakers make pompous looking gaudy pieces for me and I don't like them one bit. "You continue to confound me, Your Highness." "For God's sake Alice, call me Ella, do you really want to be swamped out here?" "Sorry." Ella dragged Alice over to the closest merchant that stocked only masks. "Aren't they beautiful Alice?" She says while stroking a gold-gilded plum half-faced mask. "Indeed Your… Ella. I believe this one will suit you quite well." She holds up a sky-blue mask that will cover the eyes only, a small puff of feathers coming off the side and no other detailing to signify. Ella takes it from her and places it over her eyes, tying the blue ribbons over her hair. "But are you quite sure Alice? It is quite a lovely colour, but is it too plain?" Alice gasps when she sees the mask in place. "Quite sure Ella, I've never seen anyone quite so beautiful." "I don't know…" Alice's gaze swivels beside her to where a man stands, perusing a selection of men's masks. "Excuse me sir, my friend here thinks I am lying to her, can you please tell her your honest opinion about her mask?" The man in question shifts himself to face the two young women, his eyes behind his own mask taking the ladies in curiously. "Of course you friend isn't lying to you miss, you are the most beautiful creatures I have ever beheld." BURNIE It isn't his place or station to say such things to a beautiful creature, but he felt it would be a crime against nature if she wasn't absolutely positive she is truly a living, breathing Aphrodite. "Come now, I am but one amongst a herd and a silly mask does very little to bolster ones beauty. Besides, what is beauty to a wholesome mind or wit and charm?" "Very little, I imagine. But surely one cannot be chastised for calling a horse a horse, an apple an apple or even beautiful, beautiful." "No, I suppose not, but exaggeration is not kind to ones vanity sir, it may indulge my narcissism." He barks out a laugh from behind the mask, "now you try to convince me you are narcissistic? Impossible!" He declares confidently. "You seemed to have judged my character so quickly, what else do you presume to know about me?" He scoffs behind the mask, "I presume nothing, I observe. And I have observed that you aren't of the mind to be self-absorbed, your beauty goes deeper than just your flawless face." "Burnie!" The familiar condescending tone of his step-brother reaches their ears. "If you fine ladies will now excuse me, I am being summoned. Please beg my pardon." He turns his back to them, leaving the giggling, beauteous ladies behind to their own devices. He approaches Edward, a small smile on his lips, hidden by the mask, still hiding his identity. "What in God's name were you doing? I've been looking for you forever!" Edward huffs at him, his arms crossed awaiting an explanation. "I was looking for a new mask." He replies easily. "That's a good idea, I'm sick of looking at that hideous thing, it creeps me out." He cares very little what his half-brother thinks of his mask, he was only looking for a new one because the one he wears now is starting to stain and smell a bit. "I'm done, so fetch the carriage, I'll wait here for you." Whistling behind his mask, he 'fetch's' the carriage to go home. ELLA "There has to be! I heard that other man call him with my own ears." "I'm sorry dear, he is either from another kingdom or that was just a nickname, but there is no man under forty years of age with the name of Bernard or any other name that resembles Bernie." Her mother consoles. "I have no doubt he will be at the ball, you will likely see him again there." "But mother, what if I can't recognise him? He was wearing a mask and could easily change it." "If you were meant to be, you will find him again." Ella throws herself back onto her overly-plush bed, "Ugh, that is such a typical line mother and it gives me no confidence. There must be more I can do to find him." "There is only to venture back into town and look for him or ask around about him, but the ball is tomorrow, there is no time now. If you don't find him at the ball, we will resume the search for him afterward." "I suppose there is nothing for it, then," she sigh's heavily. BURNIE "Burnie, get my cravat. The golden one!." Screams Edward from the top of the stairs. "Burnie, I can't find the damned comb, where did you put it?!" The patriarch bellows from his personal library. "Burnie! I can't get my breeches done up! Come help!" Emmett from his lower-floor chambers. He sigh's heavily into his mask, the fog of his breath making it sticky against his skin. "The cravat is in the top drawer of the mirrored cupboard, the comb is in your top desk drawer and the buttons go through the holes Emmett!" He can yell just as easily as they and he will be damned if he is moving from his position on the floor in front of the smouldering embers of the fireplace. Silence then follows which can only mean they have all managed to accomplish something by their own steam. He rubs the stiffness from his hip, extricating the last tendrils of heat to soothe the pain that shoots through most of the left half of his body. It was only a mere week after his mothers death when he sustained his first injury. He hadn't seen Edward approach from behind. His foot had just found purchase on the top step he was descending when Edward pushed him. It is, thus far, one of the worse injuries Edward has caused him, resulting in the entire left side of his body aching all the time and a bad limp. "Fetch the carriage Burnie, the nice one. And put on something nice, even