A/N: SO I'D LIKE TO POINT OUT THAT THE FOLLOWING IS DERIVED FROM A SCENE IN THE MOVIE, NOT THE BOOK. THIS IS BECAUSE THE BOOK DOESN'T OFFER THE RIGHT SCENARIO FOR THE FOLLOWING TO OCCUR WHEREAS THE MOVIE DOES. BESIDES, WITH THE MOVIE 'IN MIND' IT BECOMES MORE "VISUALLY DYNAMIC." ;D I'D ALSO LIKE TO MAKE SOME MINOR ADJUSTMENTS, SIMPLY BECAUSE I AM FAR TOO BUSY AND LAZY TO WRITE THE WHOLE THING FROM SCRATCH. I WOULD LIKE EVERYONE TO IGNORE ALL SCENES THAT BELLA HERSELF DOESN'T SEE, AND PRETEND THEY DON'T EXIST AT ALL. LIKE THE SCENES PERTAINING TO THE NOMADS… CUT! THE OPENING SEQUENCE; GONE! THAT WHOLE, TACKLING A DEER THING JUST DOESN'T WORK AT ALL. OH, AND THE ANIMAL ATTACKS ARE SIMPLY ANIMAL ATTACKS. SO WITHOUT FURTHER ADO… ENJOY! SAY IT! Moisture drips from the luscious evergreens, moist earth squelches underfoot and a blanket of fog has settled. The whole scene looks rather… supernatural, just what a setting should look like for such an occasion. Further down the hill, one Isabella Swan exchanges a silent, but meaningful glance with the mysterious Edward Cullen. She has had an extraordinary revelation, one she wishes to confront her counterpart with. She enters the forest, just as Edward hoped she would. There isn't any real open or comfortable areas on the trails close to the edge of the forest, the best place for such a conversation is further uphill. The naive Isabella stops at her first opportunity, right where Edward had predicted she would. She isn't as familiar with the local woodlands as Edward, so she does not know about the many spectacular locales that such a conversation could take place in. Sure, he could show her, but the upcoming events need to be done on her terms, not his. She halts her trek, but she seems to refuse to face Edward front on. Perhaps she is scared, or perhaps she just feels stupid having such a conversation. Edward still approaches from behind, but it's apparently close enough for Isabella to start her confrontation. "You're impossibly fast. And strong." She points out her observations. Still, she burns a hole in the ground in front of her, refusing to break the tractor beam her gaze has created. "Your skin is pale white and ice cold. Your eyes change colour… And sometimes you speak like… Like you're from a different time." Edward finally closes the distance between them, but refuses to be the one to face her, he opts instead to remain behind her and let her turn to face him when she is ready. It's probably for the best anyway, he isn't sure how he would react if she were to confront him face-to-face. "You never eat or drink anything… You don't go out in the sunlight." She continues her tirade of observations. The weight of her words seem to resonate within her for some reason, for she gasps audibly and pauses. After said pregnant pause, she finds her tongue once again. "How old are you?" "Seventeen," he replies truthfully, but in a somewhat broken tone. A beat. "How long have you been seventeen?" She elaborates her question further. "A while," he replies, smoothly now. She gasps once again, then swallows the presumably metaphorical lump that seems to have lodged in her throat while her eyes bulge and cock rather unnaturally. "I know what you are." She finally gains enough of her bearings to start again. "Say it…" Edward urges her. But she remains silent. "Out loud." He pushes. But still, Isabella remains silent. "Say it!" Edward once again demands, somewhat desperately even. Isabella gasps for breath, or perhaps she is just breathing heavy to steel her resolve. Whatever the reason, it works, for she finally says it. "Vampire." A smug look of self-satisfaction plasters itself on Edwards face, not that she can see it, she still remains facing away from him. A nasally sound close by, does however capture her attention. Now ignoring her counterpart, she approaches the foreign sound slowly. It is a shrub at the base of a tree that is her destination and upon closing the distance, out shoots a body, dressed all in black. The event seems to have triggered a signal, because about twenty more black-clad bodies emerge from dark hiding places about the area. But that is not what is most distressing to the new girl. No, it is the fact that they are all laughing hysterically and it is all directed toward Isabella. Edward even joins in the roar of laughter. Ski masks come off and the faces behind them all belong to the people she has grown to know. Tyler, Jessica, Mike, Rosalie, Emmett, Alice… everyone in her circle of friends and everyone in his. "I don't… " she starts, but doesn't now how to finish. A blanket of heat masks her face while fat beads of salt water roll down her heated cheeks. Through blurred vision, she runs down the path she had trekked there on, never looking back. She isn't quite understanding what is going on, but she knows she can't stay. The trail drags on forever, but she finally emerges near the school, and makes a beeline for her truck. Edward was the only thing keeping her here in this miserable town, now there is nothing to hold on to. She instantly decides that she will return to Phoenix, whether or not her mother and Phil are there. With blurred vision and sticky cheeks, she floors the accelerator and beeline's it to Charlie's. She often humiliates herself, but she has never felt shame even close to this level before… and she doesn't even understand what had happened. She stops the truck in her driveway and jumps out. Her first destination; her room to pack. Except, there is a small package on her doorstep with her name written all over it. She picks it up and carries it to her room. At least she feels somewhat safe in there. Sitting on her bed, she opens the mysterious package, cutting her finger with the paper in the process. Inside reveals a tablet, the display already alit with a movie clip ready to be played. She knows that whatever is on there will become the bane of her existence, but her morbid curiosity gets the better of her. She has to know how bad it is. Her finger presses the sideways-facing triangle. Vision of the school's cafeteria fills the seven-inch screen, then the students. Her friends, along with all of the Cullen's are all messing around playfully. The screen then centres on Mike, who addresses his invisible audience. "Hello my fans. So here's the sitch. My friend Edward here." Mike then grabs Edward and drags him into the shot. "Thinks he is one of the greatest actors of our time. Don't get me wrong, he is very good, but not as epic as he makes himself out to be. Which is why we are here, devising such a way to prove whether he is or is not. Stay tuned!" The screen then flickers briefly, and vision of the students all milled around Tyler's van in the school car-park now shines brightly from the window. "Welcome back, adoring fans." Mike enters the vision once again. "So we have half a plan for our Edward here to prove himself. Next week, we have a new student starting… one who knows nothing of any of us. So now, we have our who. All that is left, is a what. But fear not, we'll think of something so ridiculous, he can't possibly succeed." Again, the clip flickers and it now shows them all sitting on La Push beach… even the Cullen's. Isabella is slightly relieved to note that Jacob isn't in the shot, so maybe her friend isn't as cruel as the rest of the population of Forks. Like before, it is Mike who addresses the lens. "Okay, so there is a local Legend amongst the Quiluete's that their natural enemy are vampires. So, it only seems fitting that we have our actor of the year convince the new kid that he is aforementioned vampire. Easy for such an epic actor, right?" A hysterical laugh bubbles out of his malicious mouth and a myriad of laughter joins in. The lens swivels and soaks up the vision of her classmates all laughing hysterically, right alongside Jacob and his friends. Her heart impossibly splinters further. Again, a change of scene; the cafeteria again. Edward himself speaks this time, addressing the lens. He looks so alien to Isabella now, so foreign. His demeanour is different, as is his speech and air. She is looking at a completely different Edward. A stranger. "So, since I have been challenged to such an impossible task, I ask my peers to grant me a few allowances." "We're listening," Emmett replies from beside him. "First, surely you can all realise I can not do this by myself, so I need all of you to play your own acting parts, all appointed by me. Secondly, I will need other things, I'm not sure what yet, but I want flexibility from everyone." "Yes to the first and we'll decide about the second when it comes to it." Mike replies. The footage that she is seeing sickens her to the core. She genuinely feels something for Edward, how could he do such a thing to her? But that person wasn't Edward at all… was it? Another change of scene and it is a scene she knows all too well. It was her first day of school and it shows her sitting with Jessica and Angela in the cafeteria with brief interaction from Eric, Tyler and Mike. She can't remember who sat at the table the footage was coming from, but she supposes that wasn't really who caught her attention, was it? Edward's siblings enter the room in pairs and she instantly remembers how taken she was by their beauty and grace. Jessica's stories about all of the reclusive Cullen's only worked to add to their allure. She supposes Jessica is as good an actor as Edward. Aforementioned enters into the cafeteria on the small screen, and again, she remembers Jessica's warning to stay far away from the elusive Edward Cullen. She really played right into their hands, didn't she. The screen flickers and it now shows Edward's back, seated at the lab table and herself walking into the lab for the first time. She watches as she walks in front of the fan, then how Edward makes a big commotion about how affected he has become by her mere presence. The spectacular performance carries on for another five minutes before it skips to the end of class when he storms out mere moments before the bell rings. She can remember vividly the pain and anger she felt over his rejection of her, she just couldn't understand how he could be so affected by her presence or how she could be so affected by his. Are the people here that bored that they are willing to carry out a joke for weeks on end? She has the evidence in her hands. Yes, yes they are. Edward's face fills the screen next and he looks terrible. "So, this is me faking sick so I can stay away from school for a couple of days. There is no way my parents will just allow me to stay home for no good reason." Time skips forward again, to Edward's grand reappearance after he left for days. It's his back again the lens can see; biology. Bella can immediately see the affects his reappearance had on her when she enters the room, and this is just from their second meeting. She was screwed from the beginning. Her other self takes the seat beside Edward and shifts uncomfortably. "Hello. I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to introduce myself last week. I'm Edward Cullen… you're Bella?" The charm just oozes from him in