A/N: OKAY, SO THIS TURNED OUT TO BE A BIGGER PROJECT THAN I FIRST ANTICIPATED. WRITING IN A PERIODICAL STYLE TAKES A CERTAIN KNACK; ONE I APPARENTLY DON'T HAVE. I'VE EDITED A FEW TIMES IN A DESPERATE ATTEMPT TO ALTER WHAT I CAN TO AGE IT, BUT I'M PRETTY SURE I HAVE MANY FUTURISTIC NUANCES LITTERED THROUGHOUT AS WELL AS POORLY STRUCTURED SENTENCES. JUST DON'T BE TOO HARSH IN REVIEWS WITH IT, LOL. I'D ALSO LIKE TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE POTENTIAL THIS STORY HAS TO BE EXPANDED TO A MINIMUM 300K INTRICATE TALE OF LUST AND DEBAUCHERY, BUT IF YOU HAVE READ MY PREVIOUS A/N'S, THEN YOU'D KNOW I LACK TIME OR PATIENCE WITH BIG FF PROJECTS, SO I MAKE THEM SMALL. NOW, I'D ALSO LIKE TO ADD; IF YOU LIKE ONE OF MY STORY LINES SO MUCH AND WISH TO SEE AN EXTENDED VERSION, THEN I OPENLY GIVE PERMISSION TO ALL, TO DO IT THEMSELVES. I'D LOVE TO READ AN EXTENDED VERSION OF ONE OF MY STORIES, JUST LET ME KNOW SO I CAN READ IT AND REFER READERS TO IT. ANYWAY, UNTIL NEXT SHORT STORY, I BID YOU ALL ADIEU TAKEN "How are you fairing over there Isabella?" Charles; her father, hollers from across the barren field. "Same as I was five minutes ago papa. Now if you please, I'd much rather be working." She huffs with a small smile. She loves that her father cares so much, but the constant coddling since her mother passed last winter makes her feel much like a babe. "I am your father child, thus I am charged with the responsibility of ensuring you're always in the best of spirits and health." He defends, not looking up from his feet. She shakes her head and continues to sift the barren field, aerating the soil. Spring is but three weeks nigh and timing is imperative to a prosperous crop. Though her father doesn't see any real profit from the field, their landowner supplies them with their humble home, some stores and a basic wage, it is enough to get them by. "Leave the women and children!" A barbaric voice hollers to the point where his voice break into almost incomprehensible tones. It is just Charles and Isabella in their vicinity, but there are eleven other farms also managed by their landowner, close by. The pair divert their attention to the interruption where they find a band of at least twenty brigands, all splitting up and charging in different directions. All but three. Pure terror morphs on her face, a mere concerned crinkled brow on her fathers. "My dearest Isabella, you mustn't let your quick wit or your scathing tongue jeopardise your safety, so please for the love of your mother, don't engage them." The urgency in her fathers tone is more than enough incentive for Isabella to still her tongue from lashing out at the incoming brutes. She jerkily nods her head in assent, not daring to disobey her beloved Papa. "We'll do as you say, we don't want trouble." Her father says calmly to the oncoming force, dropping to his knees and facing his palms forward. The barbarian that flanks the left, shoots forward on his chestnut steed and in one heinous act, draws a glimmering sword out from thin air and swings it in a harsh and uncaring act toward her father. "No!" Her scream pierces through the empty fields, echoing back to her. Her feet carry her forward without thought, her mind oddly noticing the soft texture of the soil beneath her feet. She dives on her fathers fallen body, tears soaking into his brown, sturdy jacket. "Dad, you'll be well, I'm sure of it." But her words are barely audible to her own ears. Her ear searches his chest for the thrum of life… but finds only silence. "Come on girly." Thick, gritty arms wrap around her torso, jerking her from her Papa. "No!" She screams and squirms and kicks, but to no avail, the monsters grip is too tight. "Shut her up, will you." Then, the world disappears. Isabella cracks her eyes, a dark world awaiting. Small ribbons of sunlight provide enough light to see waterlogged stones make up her prison. She raises her head and inspects the four stone walls, rather confused. She expected to see bars on one side of her small cell… there isn't even a window to breathe in fresh air. She cranes her neck to inspect the roof, the only plausible option left, and finds heavy wooden beams making up the roof. "There you go." Gasping, she finally sees the figure hunched over in the corner. "Pardon?" For lack of a better reply. "The roof; it is the only way in or out. Also impossible to reach, so don't even waste your efforts in a vague attempt at escape." Looking at the great distance between herself and the roof, there is no doubt in her mind the mysterious man in the corner speaks the truth. "What is it sir, that you suggest I should be doing then?" He indignation present in her tone. She doesn't mean to be rude to the stranger, he just happens to be the only one around for her to vent her frustration and anger on. "I suggest you come to terms with the fact that your situation is quite precarious." No emotion in the mans tone, just fact. His words, however, trigger the memories of her fathers recent passing. "Papa…. " Her voice cracks as she sinks further into the pit, sobbing quite hysterically. So for an immeasurable time, she sobs, and cries and screams. Not just for the loss of her beloved father, but also her mothers life and possibly, her own. The bitter realisation that even if she survives her ordeal, she is without a father, a husband, family, or even a dowry and will likely be presumed soiled and deflowered… no one will want her. Needless to say, she cries herself to sleep. Her eyes open, once again to the moist stone of her prison, the thick, rotted beams still her makeshift roof. The man remains in his corner, still undefinable and shrouded in darkness and mystery. Isabella was of course hoping she had a nightmare, but not even her imagination could have conjured something this horrible. Shuffling herself back into the opposite corner from the stranger, she squints into the darkness, trying to define his features. "Are you so vain, that the thought of sharing a cell with someone you cannot view and judge, distraught you?" he asks. She thought for a beat. "Your appearance means very little to me, I suppose." "You suppose ?" he mocks. With a sigh, she elaborates. "Your appearance doesn't matter at all, I was more curious to read your face." The stranger in the corner was silent for a while, Isabella feeling too awkward to speak again. "My face won't tell you anything… nor my body language." "I suppose such things can be schooled and deceived." She surmises, while truthful, mostly not is more so the case. She wondered what circumstance brought him into their pit, but she felt as though such a question would feel crude on her tongue, so she refrained. "How much time have you been in captivity?" This question also feels bitter, but it has already been spoken and can hardly be taken back. "Longer than you," his reply neither too short nor enthusiastic. "I have a nervous habit of filling awkward silences with useless banter." Her tongue continues to unleash her words onto the stranger, at least these ones educating. "Yes," the dark figure agrees. "My humblest apologies if my nervous habit infuriates you." Silence stretches out for what feels like forever to Isabella, until he finally breaks it. "I don't mind… the silence is too loud." She doesn't quite understand his sentiment and she daren't ask. "They killed my dearest father." She says, again, anything to fill the silence. "They do that." She is nearly going to ask for specifics, but the stranger continues before she speaks. "Fathers, brothers, grandfathers… they don't care much. They keep women and children for bartering." "So… " she isn't sure if she should point out the obvious, but her tongue chooses for her. "Why are you here then?" "They too believe I am a bartering tool… I wish they would just do me the dignity of killing me already." "I… " don't know what to say or where to start, she finishes internally. "Why sir, are you telling me this?" "Have you been to a graveyard?" She nods, who hasn't? "If I pointed to a random burial plot, would you know their name? Their story? What their accomplishments were?" He answers before she even thinks of retorting. "Of course not, it's just a chunk of stone with a rotting corpse decomposing six feet below its surface." "You are correct, I wouldn't know either." "If I were to say a name such as… Jane Austen, most would at least recognise her name, some even know her story." "You wish to be remembered, not another stone in a never-ending ocean of stone." She states, feeling small, much like how he must be feeling. "Now you get it." "You do realise that I am more likely than you to die. Telling me is fruitless, and even if I do survive, what could I possibly do to share your story? I am no author… I don't even have a home any more." The weight of her words forcing her gaze to her feet. "You still have a voice, that hasn't been taken from you. Look, you aren't my first choice, but I don't see anyone else here, do you? Besides, you really just need to tell my mother or my sister that I have passed on, they already know what to do. They know my wishes." Perhaps it is Isabella that will need a herald in the event of her death, the bandits clearly want him alive. She doesn't have much to tell though, she will be forgotten… as will her father and her mother. She is the only one to remember they existed, and that dignity will be taken from them upon her death. "You should ask for writing material and write your mother, I can't help you." Isabella all but whispers. The man remains silent for a while. "How about a mutual agreement? I tell you mine and you tell me yours. If we get out, I'll pass on your story and you simply inform my family of my passing." "You seem awfully desperate to be remembered, why does it matter if your forgotten?" "No one should ever be forgotten, it is an atrocity." "While you are indeed correct sir, there is a great margin of people in the world, most of whom will be forgotten." "I just want to have made a difference in the world, to leave a mark. I don't think that is egotistical, everyone should try and make a positive difference in the world… a memorable one." "Alright, I get your point, I've finished debating. You have yourself a deal." "Ladies before gentlemen." "You get off quite easy sir, I haven't done anything great with my life, I am merely a daughter of a farmer. My father and I were ploughing our fields, aerating the soil in preparation for spring when the bandits come and killed him. My mother passed on last winter, she just couldn't handle the cold. She offered my hand to the local clergyman three months before she died, but I refused. I know she was trying to ensure my security before she left us, but Mr. Newton and I simply aren't a match; even his face grates against every fibre of my being. My mother was the daughter of a gentleman, but was cut off when she decided to marry my father, a farmer; the son of a farmer. And that is all there is to me." "What did you want