A/N: SO THIS STORY COME ABOUT WHEN I WAS THINKING ON BELLA'S AND EDWARD'S LOVE FOR EACH OTHER. I ASKED MYSELF WHETHER THEIR LOVE TRULY KNEW NO BOUNDS, BUT I COULDN'T ANSWER THAT, I SUPPOSE SM IS THE ONLY ONE THAT CAN. SO, IN LIGHT OF THAT, THERE IS TWO SHORT STORIES HERE, BOTH ANSWERING THE AFOREMENTIONED QUESTION WITH A RESPECTIVE YES AND NO. NO BOUNDS; YES! "Come on Bells, we're going to be late!" Charlie hollers from the foot of the stairs. "I don't even know why I have to go, I don't even know him." She hollers back from her room. Sighing only loud enough for him to hear, he repeats his answer, once again. "I need to go because I'm a pillar of the community and I asked you to come as a favour cause I don't want to be left there by myself." "Right," she pauses briefly. "But you owe me, big time." "Yeah, yeah," he replies as she makes her way down the stairs. The duo travel together in Charlie's police car to a residential area not far from Charlie's house, where they are met with a crowd that could easily be the entire populous of the small forked town. The whole area has been decorated with festive balloons and shiny gold numbers, confetti and such. "Great," Bella mumbles under her breath. "Please just, stick close by," Charlie pleads, Bella understanding all too well how he feels. She simply nods her reply. "Wow! What a turn out!" Bella's attention turns to the speaker, a handsome blonde man on a podium. "I'd like to thank everyone who has come here to celebrate with us. This is no easy feat and truly a day for celebration." Someone just in front of the father and daughter duo squeals her approval, both wincing at the piercing noise. "I have known you a long time my friend, and though I may have many regrets, knowing you, will never be one of them." The speaker pauses for a moment, before continuing. "For you who don't know me, I am your residential ED doctor, Carlisle. We are here for one reason only, to celebrate the birthday of Forks' eldest resident, Mr. Edward Masen, who today turns a young one-hundred-and-four years old." He starts clapping, and turns to face adoringly at an elderly gentleman, seated beside him, who Bella hadn't noticed until then. He looks just as old men should; pruned skin, white, thinned hair, spots and scars from stories unknown, but she couldn't help but notice a sadness about him. The jeers and applause die down, and again, the doctor continues on. "Edward's presence here today, has been no easy feat. Death has knocked at his door many times, but Edward is a fighter. So, we welcome you all to celebrate with us." He raises a champagne glass high above his head, "to life, to love and… to fate." The doctor steals a quick glimpse at Bella, but before she fully registers the strange glance, he is talking animately with Mr. Masen. Her brow furrows in confusion, but she can't quite grasp what it is she is confused about. "Bells!" Charlie repeats. "Sorry, was a bit out of it for a while there." "Are you alright?" He asks. "Yes, fine." "Did you want to mingle for a while, or wish Mr. Masen a happy birthday first." "Let's wish Mr. Masen a happy birthday first." Get it over and done with , she adds silently. With a shrug to his shoulder, "alright." He leads the way to the front of the crowd where a space separates the doctor and Mr. Masen from the crowd, that all mingle amongst themselves. Bella notes that it is quite weird that no one is bustling to congratulate him on such a feat, but doesn't press the issue because she hardly wants the crowd to be pressed up against her. "Carlisle," Charlie greets with a hand shake. "Mr. Masen," he then shakes the elderly man's hand. "Hi Charlie," the doctor's eyes then meet Bella's. "And you must be Bella, Charlie hasn't stopped talking about you since you decided to move back, I am very pleased to meet you." Feeling awkward, she accepts Carlisle's outstretched hand and returns the gesture. "Thanks, it's nice to meet you too. Happy birthday Mr. Masen," she then offers her hand to the elder gentleman to shake. His head tilts to the side and he silently assesses her while taking her outstretched hand. "I am pleased to meet you Bella, but please, call me Edward." He then, far too swiftly for a hundred-and-four year old, kisses her hand, before returning it to her. She doesn't respond, she just smiles small, the furrow returning to her brow. "And how are you enjoying the rain?" Edward asks her. She looks to her father, but he is engrossed in a conversation with Carlisle about some new security procedures in the emergency department. "You're going to ask me about the weather?" She asks, jest in her tone. A smile beams bright on his face, it reaching his strange green eyes, she has never seen such a colour before. "You don't like the rain?" he queries. "Not really… any cold, wet thing…" she shivers from the mere thought of the gloom that surrounds her. "So if you don't like the cold, then why move to the wettest place in the continental U.S.?" He asks, humour in his tone. She hesitates, not really wanting to say it out loud. "It's complicated," she answers noncommittally. "I think I can keep up," he counters. She hasn't really told anyone why yet, but her tongue doesn't still this time and spills forth her reasons. "My mother remarried, I don't want to be a burden on her, and Phil can look out for her now. Plus, I haven't spent enough time with Ch—dad." "That is quite selfless of you, but it doesn't really sound like it's what you want, just what you should do." "I want to do what is best for everyone; my actions affect more than just me." "You are wise beyond your years Bella, a trait many lack. But please, allow me to share some of my hard-learned wisdom with you." "Okay," she prompts. "Making the 'right' decision isn't always the best one. One day Bella, you are going to wake up at one-hundred-and-four years of age and realise that fate is staring you in the face and you are powerless to grasp it. I once had a choice to make, but it wasn't the 'right' one… I hadn't regretted my decision in eighty-two years, until today." His emerald orbs gaze sadly into hers, and she can't quite find it in herself to look away either, there is something in them that enraptures her. "Ready Bells?" She snaps herself straight, only just realising she was leaning toward Edward subconsciously. "Umm… yeah. Bye Edward, bye Carlisle." She follows Charlie back to the cruiser, replaying her conversation over and over. "Alright dad, I'm off, I'll see you tonight. Are you all right organising dinner for the night?" He shoots her a disparaging look, "I have managed dinner for seventeen years without your help Bells, of course I can get us some supper for once." "Okay, sorry. See you later then." And she leaves, managing to avoid telling her father where she was headed off to. Charlie wouldn't care of course, unless he found out her motivation for going to her destination, that is. A bubble of fear and nerves swells in her gut, almost making her turn around before she even reaches her car, but she pushes through. She hasn't really ever been in a situation where courage was needed, but she conjures all she can muster and gets into her car. She could have easily walked the meagre distance to her destination, but taking the car makes the list of her possible destinations much larger than walking, should Charlie or anyone else pry. The two-and-a-half blocks takes no time at all and before she is ready, she finds herself in front of a receptionist that looks like her day has been long and tiring. "Umm… I just want to visit Edward Masen, I was wondering which unit I can find him at." "Look, I just can't give out that information, so I need to call him and confirm. What is your name?" She isn't quite rude in her tone, but as Bella suspected, she has had a long day. "Bella Swan." She replies, a frog thick in her throat. She picks up the phone, and a part of Bella kind of wishes that Edward won't answer, but another part will be devastated at the possibility. "Hi, Mr. Masen, it's Prue from reception, I have a Bella Swan here wishing to pay you a visit, can I send her over." She pauses, listening, then hangs up. "Unit 12d, just walk in, don't bother knocking." She then ignores Bella's presence and continues her studious appraisal of her computer screen. Bella leaves and finds the aforementioned unit not far from the reception area. Her hand pauses on the door knob briefly, before she opens it and enters the unit. She had expected his place of residence to be filled with momento's and knick-knacks from a long-lived life, and there were certainly plenty littered about. What she didn't expect however, is the walls were entirely made up of books, journals, vinyl records and c.d.'s. A grammar-phone is even nestled in one corner. "Through here Bella," his familiar voice drifts from a room beyond her sight. She walks hesitantly toward him, unsure of what she will find. Rounding the corner, she finds him staring intently at a chess table, contemplating his next move. "Are you playing yourself?" She asks, not even sure why. A smile stretches out his leathery skin. "No, my granddaughter Alice. She… has quite a gift for beating me and I am quite determined to win at least one game against her before my time is up." She was quite taken back by his casual mention of his oncoming death, "I… " she stammers, from a lack of anything else to say. He looks away from the board and smiles a quite different smile to her than the one showcased at the mention of his granddaughter, Alice. "I apologise, I am being rude, please have a seat." He waves at a seat across from him. "Thank you," she seats herself and chews at her lip nervously. "I must say Bella, I am quite… surprised by your presence, I didn't think I would see you again." He leans back in his chair and intertwines his fingers together. "I…" she swallows a lump in her throat. "I don't even know what I am doing here," she pauses briefly considering her next words. "I suppose you could say I was drawn here… subconsciously." "I see…" his lips press together momentarily. "Well regardless of your reasons, I must say I am not sorry you have come. Now, can I offer you something? A coffee perhaps," his eyebrows raise, waiting. "No thank you, I'm fine." She starts picking at her nails, but she can't find enough resolve to look away from him. "I'm usually good at reading people, but you are just a blank wall." "What do you mean? You can judge people by their body language?" She asks, not really knowing why she is pursuing such a strange topic. "No, it's more of a feeling, or a vibe people put out. I'm sure you have felt it at some point. Have you naturally shied away from someone without cause?" She nods in response, "well, it's like that." "So how do I differ from everyone else? Is there something wrong with me?" His eyebrows raise in surprise, "I just tell you I have some sort of extra-sensory perception, and you think there is something wrong with you?" "I want to ask you about something you said the other day…