Beta : StacyO72 and MaxandMo Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Thank you and congratulations to Shneezles for the awesome job she did on the banner for this story. Go admire it and tweet her some love. Thanks also to StacyO72 and MaxandMo for their hard work and awesome beta skills. If you like light and fluffy Edward and Bella stories where neither one ever has to make a hard real life choice, then know that this isn't like that. This story is loosely based on the real life events that occurred in my family's history and as such, it isn't going to always go the way you want. This story is dedicated to my late grandmother, a survivor of the 1918 Lvov Pogrom. Tikvah means hope in Hebrew. The Jewish Pale was the region extending down between the borders of Lithuania, Russia, the Ukraine, Poland, and Austria where most Eastern European Jews lived prior to WWII. There is a list of Yiddish words with their English translations at the end of the story. The Jewish Pale, November, 1918 I can hear the echo of explosions in the distance behind us. We are not yet far enough from the fighting. My older sister Rozaliya and I walk over the snow-covered ground as fast as we dare in the darkness. The road is not much more than a cow-path here. My boots crunch as I follow the ruts created by wagon wheels through the frozen snow. Our home in Lvov is gone, destroyed as the conflict between the Ukrainian independence fighters and Polish nationalists ends with the Poles overrunning the town in search of dissidents. The Jews receive the worst of the blame and pay a heavy price. The Jewish Quarter was filled with the screams and cries of dying men and ravaged women. There had been several pogroms aimed to eliminate Jews in our region over the past year. The stories of their horror reached even my young ears. I knew what happened. I knew about the soldiers beating and killing and I knew about the things they did to women and even girls. I shuddered. That could have happened to Rozaliya and me. My age and lack of development might not have stopped them from forcing their dirty goyim schmeckels inside me. Somehow, Rozaliya and I escaped the town but we now have nothing more than the clothes on our backs. We have no idea where our mother and our little brother are or if they are still alive. I know my father is safe in the United States, where he has been for the past five years. We were to join him but then the Great War began and we were stranded. Another bomb explodes. I look back and see its thin pale line of light on the dark horizon. We continue to travel away from the noises, but there still may be danger ahead. "Why are we going this way?" I again ask my sister. Rozaliya turns. The light from the waning moon reflects dimly on the surrounding snow-covered fields but even in such poor illumination, I can see how beautiful she is. The blond hair peeking out from beneath her babushka shines despite the darkness. Rozaliya and I are opposites. She is the blond blued-eyed beauty and I am the dark haired, dark-eyed plain girl. At sixteen, Rozaliya has developed soft womanly curves, while my twelve year old body remains stubbornly straight and flat. I used to wonder if I would look like her at sixteen. Would I ever grow breasts and hips like hers, and would the boys in town look at me the way they do her? Several shadkhen had approached my mother to arrange a match but she had resisted. She wanted Rozaliya to come to America with us and be married there. Now I wonder if we will survive long enough for me to see another birthday, let alone my sister's wedding. "Because the only chance we have of getting to America is to get to Poland." Rozaliya speaks in a sharp, concise tone. She wants to keep moving and my talking is slowing us down. "But isn't Poland the enemy?" I ask, genuinely confused. I can't keep all the wars straight in my head. "Last year's treaty between the Germans and Russians Bolsheviks was supposed to give independence to the Ukraine but the treaty just signed in Paris overturned it so Poland, which does what Germany tells it to do, invaded the Ukraine. We tried to oust the Polish Army but failed. The Jews were on the losing side but once we get over the border, no one will know we're Ukrainian Jews. They can't tell us apart from the Polish and Russian Jews. Mama and I talked about it last night when the bombing started. We are to meet in the main synagogue in the Warsaw ghetto. Once we are together again we can get forged papers. Now that the Great War is over, we can secure passage on a boat to America." "Don't we need money to get papers?" "Bella, enough! We'll worry about that when the time comes." Rozaliya is angry now. We walk in silence for a while until another bomb explodes. "If the Poles won, then why are they still fighting?" Rozaliya sighs. I know I am wearing her patience thin. "It's now about revenge. They blame the Jews for all their problems and they want to make us suffer." "What will happen if they catch us before we get over the border?" I ask trembling. The memories of the shrieks of the women being raped and beaten in the streets and alleys fill my head. I had witnessed horrid things that no girl should see. Rozaliya stops and grabs me by the shoulders. "Bella! Stop! We are already a long way from home. If we keep at this pace we can be in Poland by the sunrise and they will never know we're from Lvov." She looks into my eyes, and I feel my backbone straighten as I draw strength from her. Rozaliya won't fail us. I nod and we begin walking again, covering mile after mile in the frozen night. The explosions have long since been replaced by the quiet crunch of snow as we walk forever. The road rises with the crest of a small hill and we realize our mistake seconds after the voice calls out. "Halt!" I can feel the eyes on us as we are surrounded by soldiers. Rozaliya pushes me behind her, shielding me from their drawn guns. I can tell they are German, but my command of the language is not as good as my sister's. Rozaliya is so smart she can easily switch between Russian, Yiddish, Polish, and German and she does so now, smoothly asking in fluent German to please allow us to pass. "Fraulein, where are you going at such a late hour?" A tall, blond officer steps in front of us and towers over Rozaliya. Rozaliya answers him, I think she says that we are returning from a sickbed and our farm is only a few miles away. I understand most of it but a few words escape my ears. The officer turns his attention to me. He is handsome but his features are cold, as if he were made from stone. I am afraid to raise my eyes. "Is this true?" He asks. I nod "Ja." "Ja…" He repeats and laughs, as the other soldiers, there are four, laugh with him. He glances back at Rozaliya and in a shocking motion reaches into the top of her coat, plunging his hand in-between her breasts. He pulls out the gold necklace she wears from under her clothing. The small six pointed star on the chain shines brightly against the pale skin of his hand. "Juden." His eyes flick up from his hand to her face. I don't quite understand the look he gives her. He seems amused, but there is something dark and sinister about the way his eyes wander over her body. I grip Rozaliya's hand. He knows we are Jews and we are coming from the direction of the conflict. If we are lucky, they will just shoot us. If we are not, what happened to those women in the alley will happen to us. I tremble with fear. Rozaliya speaks rapidly in German. I catch words like "travel" and I know she says something about "safety" and "sister". She and the officer speak in low voices, back and forth. I desperately try to understand but their conversation is far beyond my simple language skills. Finally, the officer smiles and I have never seen an expression so frightening. There is no mirth, no warmth. Without taking his eyes from Rozaliya, he orders his soldiers back to their post. They retreat to a small farmhouse just a few yards from the road. "What is your name, Fraulein?" "Rozaliya Schwanstein and this is my sister Bella." He glances at me before standing up at attention. "I am Captain Fritzroy Konig, but you may call me Roy, Rozaliya." Konig, I know that word, it means King. He says something else about warming up in the farmhouse and makes a sweeping gesture with his arm to indicate we should walk that way. He follows us closely. I whisper in Yiddish. "What's happening?" Rozaliya reassures me "It will be fine. The captain will help us get to Poland." I'm shocked, afraid to believe that we will survive this "Why?" Rozaliya doesn't answer the question. "It will be fine," she repeats as we enter the small house. There is a roaring fire in the hearth and the soldiers are gathered around. The captain barks some orders at them and I am led to a small table and given food. I glance up at Rozaliya , knowing that it's forbidden to eat goyim food. Rozaliya shakes her head slightly, and I know I'm not to argue. The captain's laugh echoes loudly in the small room. "Don't worry Fraulein, it's just bread and potatoes. No pork. My men need the meat to stay strong, we wouldn't share it even if you did eat pig. You will eat then you may sleep there," he points to a row of small cots lined up against the wall. "You have nothing to fear from my men. They will not bother with a little child like you." He turns and takes Rozaliya by the elbow, leading her out of the room towards the single staircase. "Rozaliya?" My voice rises in fear. I don't want us to be separated. "It's fine," she says without emotion or inflection. "I'll be fine and they won't bother you. I have the Captain's word." With that she turns and walks up the stairs and I know my sister has sacrificed her honor to save our lives. Rochester, New York, United States, 1925 "This is meshugass, " Rosalie tosses her head back in anger as she looks around the bare walls of the doctor's office waiting room. Her short bobbed hair is mostly hidden beneath her bright red hat. We are wearing our best dresses, hats, and silk stockings. Our hands are encompassed by short silk white gloves, as befitting for proper American girls. "I thought we were only supposed to speak English now, Rose?" I tease, trying to sound light despite the reasons why we are sitting in these chairs. "Fine, I'll say it in English too. This is crazy. How many appointments do we need to have before these doctors finally figure out there's nothing wrong with me? This fancy Doctor Cullen will say the same thing as the others. It is always the same, the first appointment they assure us they will find out what is making me sick. Then, the second they all say ' It is beyond the scope of my practice, but I