Beta: Stacyo72 and Maxandmo Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight. No copyright infringement is intended . A/N This story was my entry for the TLS Angst Contest, but it unfortunately had to be withdrawn since the judges felt a review compromised my identity. It's important to realize that once a review is posted, unless it is a guest review, it can't be removed or edited so please think carefully about what you say, especially in an anonymous contest. Just admitting that you know the author, even if you do not mention any other identifying factors, is enough to have a story disqualified. That said, I still love getting reviews, so if you like this story, please don't be shy about saying so. The plan now is to post Irrevocable Trust as is and then to expand and continue it once I complete Tangled Up In The Mainline, which is about half way done. I'd like to thank my two betas for this story, Stacyo72 and Maxandmo for all the hard work they did in getting Irrevocable Trust ready by the contest deadline. They did a great job and I am very proud of how it turned out. A very, very special thank you to Sparrownotes24 for her support and advice the past few days. As I've said elsewhere, I am so grateful to have someone I could turn to who knows exactly what it's like to have this happen. Lastly, thank you to everyone who originally reviewed the story and thank you for the kind messages of support I've gotten since this happened. There are some fantastic entries in the TLS Angst contest, please make sure you check them out and leave the authors lots of love. Irrevocable Trust My cell phone buzzes with a text. I glance down and see it's from Alice, again. Will you be making a deposit into my account today? I sigh. Alice knows I deposit five thousand dollars into her personal account every other week without fail. If she is asking, then she has managed to overdraw the account, again . My response is succinct. Yes. The funds will be there before 4 pm. I'm rewarded with a TY! and a smiling green android staring back at me. I shake my head. How could Alice blow through that much money in just two weeks? I pay all her bills: rent, utilities, credit cards, cell phone, travel expenses, spa treatments, salon bills, medical insurance, and co-pays for the dermatologist. All she has left to pay for are food and clothing. I sigh. I've never been to Alice's condo in New York and I've never seen Alice's closet, but I can imagine what it contains: clothing, shoes, purses, accessories. I reposition my phone on my desk and look around my office. It's a cluttered but functional space. I have a beautiful view of the city behind me that I hardly ever notice. My desk is mahogany, not the real thing but a cheap composite. Piles of paperwork, neatly divided into corporate and personal business, border the edge of the desk. The Cullen family assets are astounding. The family made its fortune in the nineteenth century and has lived up to the adage of money makes money . Carlisle, the current family scion, still runs the pharmaceutical company. He doesn't need to work but feels as though he should. He is also an M.D., although he has never practiced. His wife, Esme, spends her time chairing various social causes and redecorating the family's various homes. She and Carlisle are frequently gone during the cold dreary winters, choosing to spend the time on one of their many tropical properties. I know the island off the coast of Brazil is a favorite. The next item on my to-do list is a folder filled with medical bills. Rosalie and her husband Emmett are trying for a second child. The co-pays for the fertility treatments currently total more than an average middle class American's income. I rummaged through the pile and pull the folder, which is labeled "Dr. Rosalie Cullen–McCarty Medical Bills." Like her father, Rosalie graduated from Harvard Medical School but has never bothered to practice medicine. She supposedly spends most of her time caring for her three-year old son, Hunter. She blogs about being a stay-at-home mom and plans to write a book about her experiences. That will be a pretty quick read since she only cares for him when he isn't attending the most prestigious pre-school in the city or when the nanny isn't there. I've just finished entering the bills into the accounting system when I hear footsteps approaching my office. I prefer being at the end of the hall, away from the buzz and hum of the pharmaceutical company staff. Although I'm technically an employee of that entity, I do much more. My position is CFO- Chief Financial Officer but my role here isn't fixated on the normal worries of budget projections and balance sheets. The Cullens make money. Profitability is never a question. My work focuses on tracking how much money is made from the various investments and resources, and where it's spent. Money flows from the corporation to the personal trusts and from the trusts to the individuals- Carlisle, Esme, Rose, Alice, and Edward- who spend it. I, along with my assistant and his assistant, pay their bills, take care of their properties and otherwise manage their assets. I'm compensated adequately, although there are plenty of times when the frivolous bills I pay far exceed my yearly salary. The footsteps stop. I look up, a polite smile affixed to my face. I'm not surprised to see Carlisle and his son, Edward. After all, I booked and paid for his plane ticket. I expected that Carlisle would parade him around the office. The prodigal son returns, let's kill that fatted calf. What I didn't expect was how handsome that son had become. "Bella? You remember Edward, don't you?" Carlisle is brimming with paternal pride over his Primo Figlio , the heir apparent, as he clasps his son on the shoulder. I keep the smile on my face and respond as I rise and step forward to shake hands. My eyes sweep over the man in front of me. When I last saw Edward, he was a gangly but audacious fifteen year old about to start boarding school in Europe. That was a decade ago. Standing before me is one of the most handsome specimens of masculinity I have ever seen. There are broad shoulders and hard muscles that the fabric of his custom Italian suit enhances, rather than hides. The riot of bronze colored hair I remember is shorter now and styled in a way that appears effortless, although it's not. His cheekbones and jawline have lost their pubescent softness and hardened to chiseled perfection. His eyes, however, are the same: a bright and engaging green that alludes to the charm and intelligence behind them. Like his parents and siblings, Edward carries himself with the inherent grace of the very wealthy. Class differences in America are much more subtle than in other parts of the world but still, old money can be discerned when one knows the signs. Edward Cullen has always exuded those signs. It's not surprising that he has matured well. Carlisle and Esme are probably the most attractive people I have ever known. Their children should be just as beautiful as they are. If they weren't, it would be easy enough to get the right work done to make them so. Shelly Cope, our receptionist, walks in to retrieve Carlisle for one of the senior vice presidents. He declares he'll return momentarily and asks us to get reacquainted in his absence. Edward returns my smile. His voice is deep yet soft when he speaks. "Bella, it's wonderful to see you again. How are you?" "I'm well, still here at Cullen Conglomerated as you can see." "For which we are all very grateful. How is your husband?" My smile falters for just a second. "Actually, Jake and I divorced two years ago." It's customary upon hearing such news, for one to express their sympathies or otherwise communicate condolences but Edward does the opposite. His previously polite grin transforms into a lascivious smirk that simultaneously confuses and excites me. "Really? So perhaps I can finally fulfill all my teenage sexual fantasies about you?" I nearly choke on my surprise. His audacity exceeds my memories. "I beg your pardon?" Edward takes a step closer to me, entering my personal space. He towers over me, and I instantly feel both alarmed and aroused. I can feel my cheeks flame as I involuntarily take a step back towards my desk. His voice is smooth as silk as his eyes focus on mine with an intensity that leaves me breathless. "Come on, Bella. Do you mean to tell me you didn't realize I had a huge crush on you? You remember the summer I interned here? I followed you around like a puppy all damn day." I swallow hard and shake my head. "That was ten years ago. I had only just started working for the company." I take a deep breath and make an effort to regain my composure. "And you were, as you are now, my employer's son. It isn't appropriate for either of us to think such things." My response seems to spur him on rather than cause him to retreat. "So you are admitting that you've had similar inappropriate fantasies about me?" He takes another step forward and I'm pinned between him and my desk. I automatically raise my hands to his chest to push him away. I can feel his hard pectoral muscles flex beneath the lapels of his suit. His head is bent down toward mine, I feel exposed beneath his penetrating gaze. This is not good. I need to gain control before this situation gets even more out of hand. My voice is firm and authoritative as I speak. "Edward! Don't twist my words! Back then you were the adolescent son of my boss and I was a newlywed. I would have NEVER entertained thoughts of that nature about a boy. You may be an adult now but you are still the boss's son and it's therefore still improper for either of us to consider a ….a …. dalliance of that sort. Now step back!" Edward obeys my request and moves away from me but the half smirk doesn't leave his lips. "Of course, I would never do anything you didn't want me to do." He pauses, his eyes sweeping over me from top to bottom then back up before they meet mine. "I couldn't help but notice that you didn't say you didn't want it, just that it was improper ." I waste no time in moving to the other side of my desk so that there is a buffer between us. I huff and roll my eyes. "You are really full of yourself, you know that?" "I'd rather you were the one full of me." I wanted to smack that smirk off his smug, gorgeous face and then plunge my tongue down his throat. What the hell was wrong with me? I begin nervously moving the stacks of papers on my desk. "You should leave. I have a lot of work to do." From the corner of my eye, I see him stroke the varnished wood top of my desk. He completely ignores my request. He lowers his voice so that it's barely more than a whisper. "Do you realize how many fantasies I've had involving you, me, and this desk? I confess, none of them were terribly original. I was only fifteen after all. Usually, I'd imagine me shoving everything off your desk and then laying you down on it while I climbed on top of you. When I was really horny, I'd picture you lying across it on your stomach while I took you from behind."