Beta: Stacyo72 Disclaimer: It's all Stephenie's, whether she wants it or not. A single lantern softly illuminates the bedroom. She feels the constricting stays of her corset loosen as he unties the tight ribbons that run down her back. The corset falls to the floor where her hoop skirt already lies in a heap of satin fabric. She wears only her shimmy as she turns to face her husband. He looks so striking in his Confederate Officer's uniform. The gold epaulets and braided trim are elegant against the gray broadcloth. She unbuttons his coat and it joins her clothing on the floor. He captures her lips in a kiss as his hand covers her breast. The kiss deepens as their mouths open. She moans softly as his thumb circles her hardened nipple. They sink back on the bed as he moves over his wife. He pulls back and admires her porcelain skin, delicate heart shaped face, and wide set eyes. The little v of worry that has sat between her brows for the past day has finally faded. "You're so beautiful," he whispers before he lowers himself down to her. He kisses her again "Inside and out." They both sigh as their bodies come into contact with one another. It's been too long since they've had the chance to be together like this. Her hand lightly caresses her husband's chiseled cheekbones and square jawline. "You always know just what to say." "It's a gift." He smiles as he rolls her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Her body responds to his touch as electricity bolts from her breasts to right between her legs, eliciting a louder moan this time. "You are a very gifted man." Her legs part and he grinds his hard length against her. Her hips lift as she attempts to increase the friction. He moves his hand from her ass to grip her side. He pushes even harder against her as they eagerly cling to each other. His lips trail down from her neck. He sucks on the sensitive spot where her clavicle meets her shoulder making her both writhe and giggle. He brings his lips lower, following the line of the décolletage created as she wraps her arms around his firm back. His tongue dips and swirls between her breasts as he quickly unties her shimmy. She pulls at his own shirt, which he sheds while she discards her top. The rest of their clothes fall away until they are skin to skin. He takes a moment to admire her full round breasts before his mouth finally surrounds her nipple. She moans as he sucks and nips, his teeth providing just enough pain that it actually increases the pleasure. His hand matches the movements of his tongue on her other breast. She brings one hand up to his head, raking his scalp with her nails, while her other hand remains tight around his torso. "Oh… that feels so good, don't stop." He hums his response before flicking his tongue over one nipple, then switching and repeating his actions on her other breast. He slides the hand on her hip between them and rubs his finger over her clit. "You like that? You know how much I love watching you come undone?" "God, yes. Please I need to feel you inside." He complies, pumping first one then two fingers in and out of her as she thrusts her hips to match his movements. He recognizes the signs that she is close to climaxing. "You ready to come for me?" He pumps his fingers faster as he sucks her nipple hard. Heat sweeps through her body as she tightens around his fingers. She cries out as the powerful orgasm overwhelms her. He waits for her to regain her senses before he aligns himself between her legs. She opens her eyes and gazes up at her husband with love and longing. "I love this moment. I love the feeling of anticipation before you push inside me. I love you. He kisses her gently. "As I love you." He enters her in one long thrust, gasping with pleasure as he pushes in until his hips are flush against hers. He pulls back and drives into her again and again as she matches his rhythm. Her hands grasp his ass pushing him deeper into her. They set a fast pace as he feels himself approaching the edge. "Do you want the top?" He pants, wanting to see his wife orgasm again. She nods and they roll over with him staying inside her. Once on top she immediately leans forward so he can capture her breast in his mouth. She begins a fast tempo of lifting her hips up and down, moaning with pleasure as his hard cock fills her over and over. She circles her hips as her clit rubs against him. He gives her total control, letting her set the pace, and in minutes she feels the sharp bolts of pleasure consume her as she falls over the edge again. Before she has finished the last of her spasms, he rolls them back over and begins thrusting first slowly then faster and faster when he feels his balls tighten. He grasps her hands in his just as his orgasm engulfs him. He moans loudly as he comes inside her. They lay entwined together as they wait for their breathing to slow and sleep to overtake them. She wakes when there is a loud knock on the door. He isn't there. It's been weeks since he was called away to fight. She hastens to fasten her gown and open the door. "Alice? Are you home?" She opens the door to find her father-in-law, his face pale and worn, standing before her. She sees the crumpled yellow paper of the telegram in his hand. Her head shakes back and forth, denying what her eyes already know. "Alice, he's gone. Our Jasper has fallen in battle." "NO!" "Bella! Wake up! It's just a dream." Bella startles awake. Edward helps her as she tries to sit up. She can't move too easily at this late stage of her pregnancy. She strokes her husband's face as she tries to make sense of what she just experienced. "I just had the strangest dream. It must be all the pregnancy hormones. We were us, but we weren't us exactly. You know how that happens in dreams sometimes?" She looks to Edward for reassurance. He nods so she continues. "It was the Civil War I think and you were a soldier and we were making love. That part was really hot." "Oh yeah?" Edward smirks. Bella rolls her eyes as she tries to shift to a more comfortable position. "Yeah but after you were gone, then your father arrived to tell me you'd died in battle. Except it wasn't Carlisle, it was someone else. I've never seen him before. And you weren't you; he called you Jasper and I was Alice." Edward laughs as he rubs his wife's back in soothing circles. "See, now it all makes sense. You dreamt about my great-great-great grandparents because we decided to name the baby after them." "But it felt so real, almost like a memory instead of a dream." "But it wasn't real. Although, if you'd like to make the sex part real right now, I'd be happy to oblige," Edward waggles his eyebrows. Bella gives him a playful shove before she lies back down I the bed. "Right now I can't even find my feet let alone other parts." "You don't have to find them, I'll take care of that for you." Edward slides down next to his wife and reaches down between her legs. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Four years later "I'm so stuffed." Bella leans back in the passenger seat of her husband's Volvo, adjusting the seatbelt. The heavy Amish meal was delicious and she ate entirely too much. "It was that shoo-fly pie that pushed me over the edge." Edward chuckles softly as he finishes securing the seatbelt on their son's booster seat. "Hey buddy, did you like the pie?" Their son nods vigorously, his mop of red hair shaking with the movement. Edward expects that by the time he turned seven, just a few years from now, the carrot-top color will fade to the same mostly brown shade of his own hair. The red was really only visible in bright light. "But there were no flies, Daddy." Edward laughs loudly this time as he meets his wife's warm brown eyes, which are crinkled in the corners. She's trying hard not to laugh. Brandon is an uncommonly serious and mature for his age and she doesn't want to hurt his feelings. "Brandon, do you know what shoo means?" Bella asks; her voice kind but not patronizing. Even though he's only four, Brandon hates when adults speak to him as though he was a baby. Brandon raises one foot, pointing to his sneaker. Bella nods, "Yes, that's one kind of shoe: S-H-O-E. Then there's S-H-O-O that means to scare away so the name shoo-fly means that the pie is so sweet it attracts flies and all the flies have to be scared away. Understand?" Brandon considers her words before he nods. "Yes, mama." Edward takes his seat behind the wheel and enters a new destination in the GPS. His eyes look upward into the rear view mirror where he can see his son sitting directly behind him. "It's time. Are you ready for Gettysburg?" He asks. Brandon's demeanor immediately changes. He sits up straight, his elbows rest of the arms of his booster seat as he clasps his hands just below his chin. His eyes lock on his father's. His voice, though still that of a child, is somewhat deeper than it was moments ago. "Yes sir. I've been waiting one hundred and fifty years for this day." XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 2 years earlier A piercing scream wakes Bella and Edward out of a deep slumber. Bella runs straight into their son's room across the hall. Edward glances at the clock and notes it's after midnight before he joins his wife. Two year old Brandon is thrashing on the bed and crying out. Bella sits on the edge and gently strokes his arms and faces while whispering softly, "It's just a dream, it's o.k." over and over. Edward runs his hand through his hair and lets it rest on the back of his neck as he hovers over his wife and child. "Night terrors?" He whispers. "Mmm-hmm." Bella hums in agreement as she continues to comfort their young son. "Should we wake him up?" He asks, as he bites the cuticles of his other hand. "Uh-uh," Bella replies in a soft whisper. "They say not to wake them." Edward doesn't bother asking who they are. The next day, it's as though the nightmares never occurred and they put it out of their minds. However, once again after midnight Edward and his wife are awakened by the sounds of screams. "Sniper! Sniper on the hilltop!" Brandon yells as he again thrashes on the bed. "I'm hit." Bella once more soothes him back to a peaceful sleep. She and her husband return to their bed. He embraces her as she lays her head on his chest. "Edward, did he see you playing Call of Duty?" She asks, disturbed by the word she's heard. "No, I haven't played in months and there's no way he's seen it anywhere else." Their son's television watching was limited to DVDs like Barney and Blues Clues as well as a few carefully approved shows such as Sesame Street. Bella nods absently before drifting back to sleep. Over the next few months, a pattern emerges. Three or four nights a week, they are awakened by the son's screams. He cries over and over again about snipers and getting shot. Edward and Bella consult various parenting books and the internet, looking for information about night terrors and nightmares but a two year