Author: Shellyduran Beta: Stacyo72 A/N This is the Christmas o/s I wrote for Countdown to 2014. Thank you to Breath-of-Twilight first for inviting me to participate this year. She has announced that she may not continue to do the Countdowns since it seems like there's less interest in them. If you want them to continue, go over to Countdown to 2014 and let her know. I had a great time writing this and the other pieces I did, even if this one took a bit longer than planned. Thank you to Allie Jay Cullen for making the manip used in the banner. You can reach me by caravan 'Cross the desert like an Arab man I don't care how you get here Just get here if you can - Get Here, Oleta Adams Get Here Time has brought your heart to me, I have loved you for a thousand years, I'll love you for a thousand more… I swear if I hear that goddamn Thousand Years song one more time I will forcefully remove the stereo from my truck with a screwdriver. O.k., that's probably not true. After all, this isn't really my truck. It's Esme's, and it's not her fault I've got Thousand Years on repeat. The song finishes and within three seconds of the last note sounding, a little voice pops up from the backseat. "Again, mommy!" I sigh, it's no use. "Aren't you sleepy yet Teddy-bear?" "No, no nap! I want Tau-sind Years!" I hit the button on the stereo and Christina Perri's soft ballad begins again. I offer a silent prayer that this time my three year old will stop battling and fall asleep. I just need an hour, maybe two, to myself. I drive to the end of the park and loop around to do it again. It starts to drizzle and I hope the soothing sounds of the raindrops will help Teddy's eyes close. I know I shouldn't complain. I'm driving an Escalade around a soccer field in Washington State. I don't have to worry about IED's or suicide bombers interrupting my journey. I couldn't say the same for so many others, including people that I care about deeply. I feel the tears prick my eyes. Even in the car, with only a semi-conscious toddler, I push my emotions down. I won't cry. I promised Edward I'd be strong and he'll be here soon. How many military wives won't get to spend Christmas with their husbands? Rose and Emmett have no chance of seeing each other. Alice doesn't even know where Jasper's current post is, let alone when he'll get leave. Suck it up, Bella! In ten days, I'll be able to feel his arms around me, his body over me. Our last night together was in another Washington, across the country. Candles had cast a soft glow over our brownstone's bedroom, from the hardwood floors to the ceilings trimmed in crown moldings. Our belongings are hidden within the cardboard boxes that sit in the shadows. Tomorrow would bring two different journeys, in opposite directions. My husband will be half way around the world and I will wait for him on the other side of the continent. We whisper words of love and promises for the future in the semi-darkness. I push my secret worries to the back of my mind. Edward's touch burns wherever his fingers come into contact with my skin. I kiss him slow and soft, trying not to let my desperation seep through. For the past six years, Edward has been my constant companion, the Dog Star in my night sky, shining brightly through the darkness. Even though I knew this deployment was always a possibility, I don't know how I can get through this. How can I sleep in a cold bed without his warmth beside me? How can I not worry constantly? Will he be safe? Will I ever see him again? I force my hands to graze and caress rather than cling and grab like my instincts demand. My palms are flat and open as they trace the muscles of his back, following the contours down his spine to the round curve of his ass. We moan and sigh as our bodies respond to each other. We share the innate intimacy of long-time lovers as lips and tongues, hands and fingers circle and stroke. We instinctively blend until his heat is my heat, our hearts beat in unison, and our breaths merge. My legs part and he pushes in. We thrust and throb, hanging just at the edge of the precipice yet, for once, I never want to come. I want to stay like this forever, with our bodies entwined and him inside me. When we come, it will be over and I'll know I won't feel him again for a very long time. I attempt to prolong it but my body doesn't know how to not respond to his touch and I fall over the edge. He comes with me, his groans and growls mixed with tender words. The tears almost betray me but I swipe them away before he notices. I want him to stay inside me tonight, tomorrow, always. We make love once more. This time, I ask him to not pull out. He chuckles, telling me he'll slip out anyway. I should explain I'd rather he slip out involuntarily than withdraw voluntarily but it's too difficult, the analogy would be obvious so I say nothing. We cuddle but I'm careful not to cling, at least, not until I recognize the signs that Edward is unconscious. Only then do I allow my hands to grip his shoulders. I don't want to sleep. I don't want to waste the precious moments we have left in slumber but eventually we both succumb to the deep exhaustion that accompanies the stress of our impending separation The song ends and automatically starts again. I glance back in the rear view mirror at my little boy. He is the spitting image of his father, green eyes and wild reddish brown hair. Edward insists that he has my nose but I don't see it. Honestly, kid noses all look the same to me. Teddy meets my eyes and gives me a sleepy grin. "Daddy will be home for Christmas, right Mommy?" "Yes sweetie. Ten more sleeps and Daddy will be here." Technically, Edward won't be here until the twenty-seventh, two days after Christmas, since his leave begins on the twenty-fifth. We'll have just three days together before he must begin his journey back to Afghanistan. I make the loop around the park one last time as my son's eyes droop behind me. I subtly lower the volume on the music in miniscule increments. Teddy was a great sleeper until Edward's current tour began eight months ago. This was the first time Edward had been given an assignment where we couldn't live with him and Teddy missed his dad. Prior to this, he'd worked as a surgeon at the Walter Reed Medical Center right in D.C. We rented a nice house in Georgetown and drove around in a late model Volvo like any young professional couple. Back then, it was easy for me to forget that my husband, Doctor Cullen, was also Captain Cullen. However, his duty was never far from his mind. Despite helping countless returning veterans, he felt that his surgical skills could be better utilized at the frontlines. I knew it was futile and selfish to resist when there was a shortage of physicians in the field. His father Carlisle, now a retired colonel, had been a battlefield surgeon during the First Gulf War and some of the smaller, almost forgotten campaigns of the late Twentieth Century such as the invasion of Panama. His brothers, Emmett and Jasper, had each done tours in the Middle East, Emmett in Iraq and Jasper in Afghanistan. It was inevitable that Edward would want his chance to fulfill his calling as both a soldier and a surgeon. I head out of the park and within ten minutes I'm stopped in front of the impressive contemporary home where I now reside with my in-laws. The back door opens and my father-in-law gently unbuckles my son from his car seat. He cocks an eyebrow in my direction before he lifts and carries Teddy into the house. I know he thinks I should let my son cry it out instead of driving him around until he falls asleep but I just can't do it right now. Fortunately, he also knows better than to mention his point of view again, settling for just a look. I follow them into the house where Esme, my mother-in-law clucks and coos over her sleeping grandchild. We have about two hours before the school bus will drop off Rosalie and Emmett's three children. They are living here too while both their parents complete tours overseas; Rosalie in Germany and Emmett in South Korea. Once Teddy is settled in his room, I return downstairs to the dining room table to grade finals. I'm working as an adjunct English professor at the local community college and I have just one more day before I need to turn in my student's grades. Luckily, I'm in a groove and the time flies. I just finish the last exam when I hear footsteps approaching. "Hey Bella! Are you busy?" My always cheerful sister-in-law Alice breezes into the room. She pushes back the fur-lined hood of her stylish fitted ski jacket, uncovering her short perfectly coiffed dark hair. I glance at the clock, it's only slightly after three in the afternoon. "Hey, Alice. No, I just finished. You're home early." Alice is a women's clothing buyer for Port Angeles' only department store. She removes her coat, revealing a beautiful red sweater-dress that perfectly accents her petite frame. She sits down across from me, and leans back in her chair. "Well, I started early. I had to take a complete inventory with the department managers this morning before we opened. I swear, I will be so happy when this season is over. I need to focus on buying spring and summer fashions, not what's already in the warehouse." She sighs. "Oh well, that's what happens when you work retail this time of the year." She shrugs it off and smiles brightly before launching into a list of gifts she's already bought and gifts she's yet to buy for our nieces and nephew. I nod and smile but I just can't muster up the level of enthusiasm Alice displays. Luckily, she's too absorbed in her thoughts to notice. "Now Bella, don't forget! We're taking the kids to the store's annual family Christmas breakfast on the twenty-fourth. I'm in charge of the planning committee this year. Teddy needs to wear his Christmas outfit. We'll have pictures taken with the store's Santa and I'll make sure that everyone gets a copy. Have you seen the Santa this year? He's perfect!" I laugh and nod, knowing Alice's belief that real beard Santas were far superior to those with fake beards. "I haven't but I'm sure he is." Just then I hear Teddy stir upstairs. I get up, straightening my exams, as I prepare to go get him. "I know, Alice and don't worry, we'll be there with jingle bells on," I say drolly before I exit the room. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "Auntie Bella! Liam is being mean!" I hear my youngest niece Maggie call out from the room across the hall that she shares with her older sister, Siobhan. They have been home from school for less than an hour and the entire house hums with the energy the three exhibit at all times. I look up from where I've been helping Teddy put his Thomas the Train wooden tracks back together. "Liam?!" It's both a question and a warning. "I'm not doing anything. She's a baby." Liam's voice is the perfect mixture of bored and annoyed that tweens and teens exude at