A Surprise and a Dilemma It was December 18. The day after Return of the King Day. Fangirls everywhere were in a terrible frenzy, buying tickets, waiting in line, dancing around in hilarious little circles singing the hobbit drinking song repetitively, but none more so than the illustrious foursome made up of friends Kaitlyn, Bethany, Carolyn and Lindsey. There were others as well, but none more eccentric than these. They attended the four o'clock showing of ROTK along with some forty other fans, and at least three others of their own friends, but these girls were special, these girls were different, these girls had a plan. All but Lindsey had seen the movie the night before, and now were prepared to have some fun. No sooner had the theater lights dimmed that the girls began squirming in their seats waiting for the opportune moment to put into motion their heinous prank. The Sméagol scene was fascinating, and the hobbits touching moment following that was, well just that, touching, but each passing moment made it more difficult to sit still until Lindsey, the most outgoing, and the designer of the prank that could possibly get them thrown out of the theater they loved, decided it was time. It was in that moment, when Gandalf was leading the survivors of Helms Deep through Fangorn Forest, that the four girls got out of their seats and called, "Middle Earth Needs Us!" It had been Lindsey's dare, Kaitlyn thought it somewhat exciting, but inappropriate, Carolyn didn't want to miss a moment from her beloved movie, and Bethany was simply game for anything. They took a run at the movie screen and threw themselves against it. Truthfully, it was something they had all read in a "One hundred ways to know you're obsessed with the lord of the rings" parody, but it was hilarious, and they fully intended to slink back to their seats when they finished, but they weren't given a chance. There was a blinding flash of light, a terrible cracking noise, and the four girls disappeared into the movie screen. The forest floor was wet, mushy actually, squishing up between Kaitlyn's fingers and sending shivers up and down her entire body, it was dark at first as well, and she squinted into a single ray of light for almost a full minute before she realized what had happened. This was no normal forest, this was Fangorn. How did she know? Well, it was instinctive; she was after all, an uber Fangirl. She had waited her entire life until the day she would die and go to heaven, where all would turn to silver glass, and then, white shores. She had dreamed constantly about middle earth since the day she turned ten, and now, with moss squishing between her fingers, her bottom brown with mud, and the eerie feeling of age and knowledge engulfing her, she knew she was home. Carolyn, squatting not far away also knew where she was, tears were streaming down her face with the realization. She looked over and in the scant lighting made out Kaitlyn. "We're here!" she whispered and her friend grinned back. "Where are we?" asked Lindsey stumbling into the friends line of vision, "certainly not in Kansas . . . or Canada for that matter!" "It's Middle Earth!" Carolyn chided, as though it should be obvious. "Now, where's Bethany?" All three of them looked around, Kaitlyn and Bethany in particular shared a close-knit bond and the creases of worry that girl caused were starting to make Kaitlyn look older than she was. "Bethany?" she called, slightly quieter than she meant, a secret fear was in her as she thought about what their situation meant, if they were in Fangorn, there could be Orcs around, Ents, maybe Saruman was near by? "I'm here!" Bethany sat up from where she had been laying in the undergrowth not far away. "What on earth happened?" "The question is what on Middle Earth happened!" Carolyn chimed in, quite giddy by now. "It's hard to say, but . . . hey what's that noise?" Lindsey turned in the direction of the noises, "it sounds like horses, and people!" Before Carolyn or Kaitlyn, both aware of the dangers that could be lurking, could stop her, Lindsey was off through the undergrowth, sliding between two trees, following the sound. The three others followed her, helping each other to their feet. There was a path winding through the great forest, along the path there went people, just as Lindsey had predicted, riding their horses. All of them recognized the scene they had leapt into even before Gandalf neared them, leading the caravan; he stopped Shadowfax short of the four and for almost two minutes simply stared at the girls. It was as though he knew how his story should go, and that they should not be in it. It was Carolyn who spoke first, surprised that her words came out in a strange language that she did not recognize, though she knew exactly what she was saying. She knew her LOTR, and so she recognized that she must have been speaking Westeron before the words were even fully developed. It seemed almost like a second nature to speak in this strange tongue. "We are travelers, seeking refuge from Sauron and his evils." She was careful in choosing her words, wishing to sound not entirely out of place, and wanting her allegiance to be firmly planted in the first sentence. "You are in the wrong place if you wish to hide from him." Gandalf spoke just as cautiously. "There are few places his eye does not see, and Fangorn is not immune so close to Isengard" "We're lost." Lindsey said bluntly, "Can we hitch up with you?" Gandalf raised his eyebrows and Carolyn and Kaitlyn exchanged a heartfelt and exasperated look. "Four girls, but children wandering through Fangorn . . . " "Hey Santa Clause, we're Not children." Lindsey put her hands on her hips and matched Gandalf's stare for a seemingly long time before Aragorn moved up in the line to investigate the disturbance. Upon seeing him, Carolyn, Kaitlyn and Bethany felt an overpowering need to bow; Lindsey was oblivious to this urging. "Long Live the King of Gondor" Carolyn whispered, quite overcome. Aragorn looked taken aback, he was somewhat grubby looking at the moment, slightly worse for wear, and certainly there was nothing kingly about his appearance. He said nothing. "As you wish," Gandalf said finally, "I do not believe that you are spies, or that you are lying in what you have said." He glanced impatiently at Lindsey. "Pick a horse and mount behind it's rider, you will come with us and tell us how it is that you know so much. I am Gandalf the white and this, as you seem to be aware is Aragorn. Among our company also rides Kind Theoden of Rohan, his nephew Eomer, the elf Legolas and the dwarf Gimli." The sound of the forest groaning interrupted the white wizard and caused the four friends to shift uncomfortably. Gandalf smiled slightly and motioned for them to mount. Gandalf reached out a hand and Carolyn placed hers in his, he helped her to mount behind them. "Come on girls, let's get this movie started!" She was quite excited and Gandalf smiled through the puzzled expression he wore. Bethany climbed up behind Theoden quite abashed and muttering 'thank you my lord' and things of that nature. Kaitlyn tentatively took Eomer's proffered hand and climbed onto the horse behind him, Lindsey was unsure of where to go herself, until Aragorn cantered up to her. "You are welcome to ride with me Lady." He smiled in an Aragorn like fashion, not truly happy but willing to look it for a moment. Lindsey smiled back in much the same manner and mounted behind him. Carolyn, looking back at her friends could not keep but smiling, she was the proud author of "Fellowship of the Pencils" a FOTR parody in which Lindsey had portrayed Aragorn and to see them mounted together sent shivers up her spine. She was more than certain that in any moment, she would open her eyes and awake from the dream to find she had dozed off in math class again, more interesting dreams had amounted from that. Gandalf whispered to Shadowfax and the small party was off once more, in no time at all Isengard had come into view, suddenly they were being hailed by a hobbit. Merry, a bit tipsy, stood up and waved his mug in the air. "Welcome my Lords, to Isengard!" he waved in the general direction of Orthanc. "You young rascals! A merry hunt you've led us on, and now we find you feasting and, and smoking!" Gimli voiced the disgruntled joy that the three original companions, Aragorn, himself, and the quiet Legolas, all shared. When Pippin spoke, Carolyn felt her entire body tense and her heart jump into her throat. She had forgotten where Gandalf was taking them, and what it meant! You see, almost every Fangirl has a favorite character, played by their favorite actor, the one person who above all others, they worship, for Carolyn it was Pippin, for Kaitlyn Faramir, and for Bethany Frodo. Lindsey was an oddity. "We are sitting on a field of victory, enjoying a few well-earned comforts. The salted pork is particularly good." "Salted pork?" Gimli sounded rather distracted at this point, the thought of the lavish food appealing to his dwarvish nature. "Hobbits." Gandalf muttered, disgusted. "We're under orders from Treebeard who has taken management of Isengard." Merry sounded as tipsy as he looked, but he did notice the four new recruits, young women do not often go unnoticed by drunken hobbits. "Who are these?" he wondered good-naturedly. "Travelers," Gandalf hastened to answer, sounding somewhat impatient, "they have not yet revealed their names to us, though I expect they will in due time." He glanced at Carolyn over his shoulder who squirmed in her seat uncomfortably, she was not sure if it would be right to reveal their true names, she wondered if they would sound too odd to her heroes. "My name is Carolyn." She was addressing the hobbits, but loud enough for all to hear. "I'm Kaitlyn." "My name is Bethany." Everyone proceeded to turn and stare at Lindsey, waiting to hear her name. "Uh, Lindsey." Lindsey waved and Carolyn couldn't help herself, she giggled and at the sound pippins head snapped up, he seemed to notice her for the first time and he grinned widely. He came tentatively over to Gandalf's horse and the white wizard dismounted Shadowfax, whispered something into his great ear and lifted pippin into the saddle. He smiled over his shoulder at Carolyn who giggled again. Merry did the same with Aragorn, though much more subdued. The company waded through the flooded ruin of Isengard to Orthanc where Treebeard met them. "Hmm, young Master Gandalf, I'm glad you've come. Wood and water, stock and stone I can master. But there is a wizard to manage here locked in his tower." "There Saruman must remain, under your guard, Treebeard." Gandalf answered. " Well, let's just have his head and be done with it." Gimli chimed in, impatient to the last. Gandalf almost chided him with his response. "No, he has no more power anymore." "The filth of Saruman is washing away. Trees will come back to live here." The great tree was once again proved wise, the rest of the company looked up at the top of the tower where they were sure that Saruman watched. "What, they cut out Saruman!" Lindsey wailed but a quick look from the others silenced her. Pippin was far too distracted from the pretty human sitting behind him to notice what he was supposed to notice, which Carolyn was far to busy to notice that there was something that was supposed to be happening. Bethany remembered what was supposed to come