The Devil's Pawn For the sake of the story, let's say Thalia is fifteen, because if she was any younger, romance would officially be dead. And for all you geniuses out there, feel free to inform me of any informational errors made during the reading. Somewhat AU: Nyx just stared as her brother was chained to the wall, preparing to be executed. They strung him up like this so he could see the faces of all the people jeering and spitting out insults at him. "Go to hell!" She viciously sneered at Perseus. He shot her a mocking look, "I guess I'll see you there then…" Chapter One: What Goes Bump in the Night Thalia raced up the hill, furiously gesturing for her friends to pass over the top. "No!" Luke yelled, "I won't leave you!" But Grover, scared as he may be, gathered his courage, gripping Luke from behind his back and pulling him the rest of the way. Tears ran down Luke's cheeks, mixing in with the rain, and he thrashed and thrashed in Grover's hands, but he wouldn't let go. "THAAALIAAAA!" Tears ran down the daughter of Zeus' cheeks as her friends disappeared from her sight, and she turned around, steeling her courage. "Well," she dryly muttered, "if I was going to die, it would be soaked to my socks, right?" The first monster which rounded the hillside was a hellhound, which she killed with a decent amount of difficulty. Ultimately, a spearhead fully buried in its snout had to kill it though. Before she saw her next opponent, an arrow flew over the verge of the hill, landing only inches away from her right boot. Two twin dracaenae came into view, one wielding a bow and the other brandishing a long, thin knife. The archer loosed twin arrows, forcing Thalia to hide behind her shield. She could not, however, avoid the knife which drew a shallow cut on her right forearm. "Aaah!" She cried, parrying a second blow with the staff of her spear. In her peripheral vision, she faintly saw an arrow flying toward her. As the knife-wielding dracaenae lunged, she leapt out of the way with as much force as possible. The arrow, still on its path to her previous position, struck the other dracaenae through the throat, effectively killing it. She charged toward the archer, stabbing it through the chest with her spear. At the pounding of more feet coming up the hill, she pressed her boot into what was left of the dracaenae, jerking out her spear. Three harpies came up the hill, swerving in the air and cackling madly. Gripping Thalia with its clawed feet, it picked her up and threw her to the ground. Groaning, Thalia stood to her feet and threw her spear. It struck the harpy in the wing, throwing it to the ground. Suddenly, something slammed into her side, knocking Thalia on her back. "τακούνι!" A raspy voice commanded. "Daughter of Zeus, you would not believe the strife your father has caused our master," it spoke. "We are here to gain vengeance." "So killing me will satiate your bloodlust?" Thalia spat. "Quiet!" It snapped, inching closer to the girl, who happened to be pinned by a hellhound. Suddenly, the beast rose, and the gnarled face of Tisiphone, the fury of Hades. In her right hand was a sickle, elongated to the length of a sword, the edges green with poison. "For Maria," Thalia heard come from the fury's mouth, before the sword curved down, aimed for Thalia's neck. The daughter of Zeus shut her eyes tightly, praying to her father-though she doubted her prayer would be answered. ~Retribution~ When Thalia woke, she lay in a dark, unlit room, on a cold stone bed. "Ugh, I'm dead. Joy," She sarcastically muttered. "Not quite," a cold, unemotional voice responded, from somewhere in the darkness. "Who's there?" Thalia asked, fear creeping up on her. "I'm armed!" She warned, reaching down to grab her spear, but then remembering how she hadn't been able to retrieve her weapon. "Oh, you mean this?" She heard a mocking tone in the stranger's voice as her spear clattered to the floor in front of her. "Are you here to torture me?" Thalia timidly asked. The stranger let out a deep, throaty chuckle. Placing his hand on her shoulder-Thalia will forever deny that she girlishly shrieked- he replied, "I'm here to offer you something." Thalia finally gained a glimpse of the stranger's appearance. He had long, shaggy black hair, darkened gray eyes, and a scar, running from the edge of his nose to his chin. He wore a simple t-shirt, portraying a skull with an arrow through its eye, and black jeans, overlapping with his black combat boots. "And what is that?" Thalia growled, regaining some of her courage. The stranger sighed, running a hand through his long black hair. "My brethren happened to think I was committing treason upon our king, Helix. They captured me, trapped me to a wall and chopped my head off." He lowered his t-shirt, rubbing a scar that stretched all the way along his neck. "I believe Helix's brother, Fate, is planning to murder his brother… and all of his followers." He lowered his head, letting it hang, and continued, "even though they betrayed me, they're my family, and I can't leave them to die." "So how do I fit into this?" Thalia asked. The man raised his head again. "That's the crucial part. They'll recognize me and attack if I come in this form." He slammed a book on the table next to her, flipping to a certain page. "This describes how to merge to essences into one body, or a host, you could say." Thalia let that sink in. "So… I'm gonna be your host." "I wish it could be another way… but yeah, you are." "Firstly, what are you? Who are you?" Thalia asked. "Well, I believe your kind has a special name for us. The Prometheans. Nyx, Hemera, Aether, Erebus, Gaia, Tartarus, and Hydros, though many of them are likely in hibernation now." "So which one are you?" Thalia inquired. "Me? I'm Perseus, the balance." ~Retribution~ "So, how does this merger thing work then?" Thalia questioned once they had reached the destination necessary. "It's very specifically stated, and must happen at a certain point." He replied. "So, how are the specifics chosen?" The daughter of Zeus asked. "Well, I'm not able to merge with just anyone. They have to have mythological parentage," Percy said, leaping up the mountain with godlike agility, "and the specifics are based on their parentage." "So, that's why we're marching up a mountain? We need an elevated platform to be in the highest part of the sky possible?" "Sort of. I'll explain when we get there." The biggest thing that Thalia learned on her 30-minute trip up the remaining part of the mountain was that gods suck at small talk. Like, all of them. "Here," Percy-what Thalia had shortened his name to- spoke, stretching out his hand, "take my hand, and call down some lightning when I stop chanting." Thalia nodded and Percy turned to the sky. "κυρία Χάος , σοι επικαλεστεί για τη συγχώνευση ψυχές μας σε ένα , και τα σώματά μας , όπως καλά!" Thalia felt her gut tighten, and she let out a scream, summoning lightning to their position. ~Retribution~ Luke growled, turning towards Annabeth. "I don't care! They let Thalia die, and now they won't even show me the body! They don't care for us! My father watched as my mom went crazy, but he didn't do a damn thing, did he?" A single tear slid down Annabeth's cheek, more threatening to follow, but she blinked, forcing them back. "Luke…" she spoke, reaching a hand out towards her friend. "Agh!" Annabeth fell to the floor, by the doing of the back of Luke's hand. "Don't follow me, Anna. Don't try to contact me, and let Chiron find out on his own." With that, Luke marched into the woods, off to Zeus knows where. Thirty minutes later, Luke had made it to a dirt road in Montauk, and was too busy sharpening his knife to see the Cyclops behind him. The beast clubbed him on the back of his head, knocking him out and dragging him off to an unknown location. When Luke woke up, all he could see was darkness. "Where am I?" He demanded. "Oh, you're awake." A monotonous voice drawled. "Well, Lucas, I heard you're rebelling against Olympus." "They must pay for their blatant disregard for their children." Luke responded, his eyes narrowing. "I believe you would be a useful addition to my army." "That all depends on your army's cause." Luke smoothly responded. "Oh, you know, the usual. World domination, only on a larger scale. And you, my dear friend, would rule all of the earth with an iron fist and a queen of your choice at your side. The only catch, you must lead the battle on earth, for I have a fight with a much more prominent opponent." "So, to lead an army under your name, I must know your name. What is it?" "You may address me as Fate." ~Retribution~ "Ugh!" Thalia grunted as she landed on her stomach. Squatting beside her, Percy spoke, "If you can't keep up with one of me in a fight, how do you think you'll fare against seven of me, all attacking you simultaneously?" Thalia spun around, attempting to kick Percy's feet out from under him. Leaping over them, Percy waved his index finger. "Uh, uh, uh, good try, though." Growling, Thalia leapt to her feet and tried to jab Percy in the cheek. He ducked her punch, jabbing her back in the midsection, then popping up and striking her in the curve between her neck and shoulder. Thalia flopped to the ground quite pathetically, unable to move anything below her neck. "Don't worry; the paralysis will wear off in a couple of minutes." When Thalia was up and ready once again, she launched a kick at Percy's midsection. Grabbing her leg, Perseus hauled Thalia up by her jacket collar, throwing her to the ground. Once again, he began taunting Thalia, "Come on, gimme something unexpected!" Springing to her feet, Thalia grabbed Percy by his shirt collar, crashing her lips into his. Percy was inexperienced in this area, and he was clumsy, whereas Thalia, albeit creepily, was not. When she pulled away, a predatory grin lit up her face, and she murmured, "How's that for unexpected?" Thalia took pleasure in how flustered Percy was as he released her from training that day. When she made it to her cabin, it was right next to Percy's, she found her weapons bag, filled with her bow, quiver, and arrows, her spear, and her shield. Slinging her quiver over her shoulder, she grabbed her bow from the bag, heading out to find a suitable clearing fit for archery. She had taken three shots-none of them were bull's-eyes- before she heard his voice. "You'll have to ditch the bow." Thalia turned around, and immediately wished she hadn't. The blood rushed to her face as she took in his appearance. He was dressed in a tight fitting tee, displaying his abundant upper body muscles, and black jeans, though he had chosen to come out barefoot. Regaining her ability to form coherent sentences, Thalia asked, "And why would that be?" Coming agonizingly close to the teenage girl, he responded, "The people you are going to be with and fighting against are trained to their peak in everything. If you use a bow, they'll spot you from a mile away. It's too bulky." Flashing a sleek, thin knife from Zeus knows where, he continued, "This weapon is small enough for you to throw and remain unnoticed. It is also sharper and stronger than those arrows, as they are made from different metals. This throwing knife is made out of a graphene-alloy only