Here we go, guys! Opening notes! It's been so long. Let's see if I can remember how this is supposed to go. First off, let's start with the everlasting: DiSCLAIMER! No part of Twilight is mine, and I don't claim it to be. Leandra, or any other of my characters are not real and never have been. Only products of my way-too-active imagination. Next, let's move on to the rating warning: This story is rated 'M' for reasons I haven't decided yet. It's just best to be safe. There will be cussing. Probably violence. A few more things worth noting. One, this is my first story after a huge life change. I can already tell you right now that this won't be up there on the same level as my previous stories. Mainly because my mind is now split two ways. Always partly on the little 10-week-old creature I created currently sleeping in his crib. Please bear with me on this. I'm still learning how to do both at once. These chapters will be shorter. I don't think I have it in me to add enough content to each chapter to result in 15k+ word counts again. At least not at the moment. Two, this deals with a subject I've never really gone into in detail. Not to this degree, anyway, so this is also new to me. A friend/previous beta had suggested it to me, and I've debated about whether or not to go this way. I guess I've decided to, so we'll see how it goes over. If these two points don't bother you, by all means. Let's get on with it. :) Here we go! Chapter One Sitting there, my room was silent. As it should have been, considering what time of night it was. Just passed two in the morning, I did ache for sleep, but I was awake. It wasn't a rare occurrence lately. I sat up, waiting for something. For what, I didn't know. I had nothing worth waiting for, but the last few nights, I'd been up. Sitting upright in my bed, listening to the sounds of a silent house. A creak here, a click as the thermostat in the hallway reached the temperature required to turn on the heater. Part of me wished I had my own personal thermostat. I was always cold these days. I'd never forget the way my heart hurt. The pounding in my head only intensifying that. A constant, aching reminder of the fact that I had no reason anymore. For anything. Crushing depression stealing any thought of sleep, any hope of light. Thoughts crossing my thirteen-year-old mind that shouldn't be crossing my mind. I never slept anymore, despite being more exhausted than I'd ever been. I no longer found the point in eating, and I no longer felt thirsty. I'd lost it all. I'd reached the lowest point I'd ever been. A numbness that accompanied the crushing depression stole any sort of surprise when I finally looked over to realize that I wasn't alone in my room anymore. The dimly lit corner of my room nearest my window was now occupied, but I showed no reaction. Though I was a bit surprised to see him, as he felt like a dream. I just stared. My deeply wounded heart tried to beat faster, but in habit, it just continued on auto-pilot. "Leandra." Aro greeted me calmly, as if he didn't take any notice of my obviously numb state. It was like a dream. A dream I'd had so long ago that had suddenly showed up again. I hesitantly let myself vaguely remember who this person was, and what his presence could mean. What he was here for. "Hi." I finally greeted back, my voice hardly making a sound. "I believe you remember why I'm here." He replied just as quietly, "I'm here for your decision." To be honest, I hadn't thought about it at all. Only just now reminded of it, I slowly struggled to sit up straighter. He was here about Josh, the favor I asked him for years ago. A part of my life I'd forced myself to forget. It really didn't take much thought to decide that I really couldn't go through with it. Josh was such a needed part of this family, and selfishly, I knew I couldn't make it through any of this without him. Not for a reason like that. "I can't." I mumbled, "I'm sorry." Immediately, he nodded. As if he'd expected that. "I understand." He said, "I can't say that I didn't expect this." Just the thought, though, of having to live without him brought on my too-sensitive tears. Something I could no longer control. "If I may," Aro spoke again, "I must admit. You don't look as if you're doing too well, my dear." "I'm not." I sobbed almost silently. I bolted upright in my bed, groaning loudly as I startled awake. Whimpering as I struggled to keep my tears back. I could easily tell that I'd been crying in my sleep, but that wasn't the only reason I cried now. I actually had a pretty good reason for crying. Once again, I'd woken myself up only minutes before my alarm went off beside me. The second the sound started, I reached over and slammed my fist against the clock. Shutting it up, and immediately feeling bad for reacting that way. I hated waking up like this, but as with every other time, the survival part of my mind forced me to move the entire memory of that dream to the back of my mind. It was a skill I'd learned long ago. Bury it deep so I can continue with my day. Just like I did with the other first twelve years of my life. Once I'd gotten myself under control, I roughly flipped the blanket back. Standing up and crossing my bedroom to the large mirror on my sliding closet door. Just like every other morning for the passed few weeks, I inspected myself. Starting at my long, auburn hair, I briefly fluffed it as I gathered it out of my face and over one shoulder. Meeting my own reflection's green eyed, red and puffy gaze, I could hardly tell anymore that the now-familiar worry had ever faded. Here I was, fifteen and staring at myself like an idiot. Turning sideways, gathering my baggy pajama top against my side until the fabric was tight around me. Biting my lip, I sighed as I realized that I would soon be facing a problem. A problem that would soon make itself known, whether I wanted it to or not. I jumped a little as my bedroom door suddenly opened, dropping the fabric I had bunched in my hand as I looked sharply toward the door. "Hey," I sighed loudly at Zack's greeting, "Mom wants to know if you need a ride to school today." "First," I grumbled, "Learn how to knock. Second, tell her no. I'll grab a ride with Josh again." "Sorry." He laughed a little, "I heard the floor creak, so I knew you were up." "Well, just because I'm up doesn't mean you can just barge in." I countered, giving my reflection one more glance before sliding the door open. Not taking the hint, Zack walked in. Crossing the room, he sat himself down on my bed. "Andrew and I were going to see a movie today after school." He said conversationally, "Wanna come?" "No thanks." I replied, pawing through my shirts hanging in the closet. "Aw, come on." He sighed, "You never want to come with us anymore. I think the last time you were with us was that weekend in Seattle. What's with you?" I didn't really know how to answer that. He was right, of course. I'd been strategically avoiding Andrew for awhile. A few months now. I did feel a little bad for doing so, but I also had my reasons. "Homework." "There's not even a week left of school." He countered, "And I don't have a shred of homework. How do you have any?" "Just lucky, I guess." I replied, "Now get out." "Fine." He groaned, standing up, "So I'll let Josh know not to leave without you." "Thanks." I muttered gratefully. I sighed as he closed the door behind him. Taking a moment to breathe deeply before continuing on to find my shirt of choice. I decided I'd go with a plain white t-shirt today. Nothing flashy. The smell of food had me taking the stairs two at a time, more than hungry enough to eat. Josh was already halfway through eating, and Heather was already dressed for work when I reached the kitchen. Hunter, as usual, was kneeled in a kitchen chair picking at his food. Hunter, now five, had just officially started his school career this year while Josh was about to end his. Josh would be starting his senior year in the fall, and after that, he still had no clue. I had a feeling it had a lot to do with him wanting to be here to help his mom out while Mike was working so much. Both Heather and Josh watched me as I packed my plate and sat down. I couldn't help glancing over at Josh more often this morning. After the dream I'd had. "I'll give you a ride to school," Josh spoke up, "But I've got half a day today, and I'm working until six. I'll try to cut work to pick you up, but no promises." "Crap." I sighed. I'd forgotten about that. I shook my head, "Nah, don't worry. I'll just walk home." "I'm glad to see your appetite has finally picked back up, sweetie." Heather told me, smiling as she stood up. "You sure?" Josh asked me, continuing our conversation, "Because I don't think it'll be a problem." "No, it's okay." I assured him, "Walking home doesn't sound too bad." "Okay." He replied, his tone a bit skeptical, "Just text me if you change your mind." Josh had been quite protective of me for awhile now. Since he saw how hard of a time I was having years ago, he picked up his protective nature pretty much overnight. All the more reason for me to avoid Andrew. For his own safety. I looked over as Mike finally entered the kitchen. He had just gotten up, as he didn't need to be at work until after nine. Since his schedule so closely fit Hunter's schedule, Hunter was essentially his responsibility. Dropping him off at school on his way to work, and picking him up on his lunch break to keep him with him at work. I wondered if that would change during the summer, but Hunter seemed to love spending so much time with him. "Bye, mom!" Zack called from the front door. "Hey." She immediately started his direction, "Where you off to so soon? Come eat." "I wanted to get to Andrew's before school." He replied, "We'll grab something on the way." Instead of focusing on that, I focused on Hunter next to me. Urging him to keep eating since he'd hardly touched his eggs. Months ago, I would have been joining Zack. It was pretty drastic how much I'd changed my preferences of company, but I couldn't help it. It bothered me to a point, just writing him off, but then again, I had plenty of practice breaking ties with anyone I really cared about. It wasn't much later that Josh and I were on our way too. Seated in the passenger seat of Josh's small truck, I watched out the window at the street passing by. It had been years since I really looked for anything familiar in the traffic around us, and today was no different. "So.." Josh spoke up, "Spill." "Spill what?" I asked, looking over at him. "Can you tell me with any amount of honesty that you believed I wouldn't notice?" He asked