A/N: Here we are. At the beginning of what I hope to be a well written story. A few things first, however. As always, I must put here a: -DiSCLAIMER!- I don't own Twilight or anything affiliated with it. I only own the products of my own bits of insanity, and call them my characters. Even if they do sometimes do things I don't even expect. ImPORTANT NOTE!- This story is rated 'M' for 'Mature'. I don't know what that means where you're from, but where I'm from, it means that if you can't handle mild or sometimes moderate violence, language, adult situations or dark themes, such as abuse or depression, I would highly suggest you venture further at your own discretion. By the rule-book of , I must keep it from getting too descriptive, but it's not all puppies and rainbows, I assure you. Keep that in mind. If you're familiar with my work, you'll already know what I'm talking about. If you're not, I highly suggest reading my other works before continuing on with this one. Anyhoo.. -ImPORTANT NOTE(#2)!- This chapter has mild language issues (cursing) and mild violence, so I'd beware of that. Other than that, it's pretty tame for a first chapter. So.. With that out of the way, here we go! Chapter One "Leandra." I ignored Alice's call from her room. Descending the stairs quickly, yanking on my shoes. I was late, and I nearly made it. "Leandra?" I groaned, turning from my spot by the door at Alice's voice behind me, "Where are you going?" "I was supposed to meet Josh and Zack at ten." I answered, "Where else?" Thankfully, she didn't seem to have a problem with that. She sighed, though, standing in front of me and looking me over. I knew my choice of clothing depressed her. Baggier jeans, and a plain t-shirt. 'You're so pretty,' She would say, 'Why don't you want to show that off?' 'Because.' I would answer, 'I don't feel like being suffocated or squeezed to death by my clothes.' And dammit, I was four days away from my fourteenth birthday. I should be allowed to wear whatever I wanted. Emmett preferred it that way, anyway. I was such a tomboy, however. The most feminine thing I'd shown a very slight interest in was make-up, and I actually was quite thankful that Alice gladly volunteered to show me the ropes when it came to age-appropriate looks. Just light stuff, mostly around my eyes. Anything more just felt like too much. I yelped, jumping as Alice reached up and snapped my bra-strap. "Hey." I grumbled. I hated when she did that. "I'm just checking." She replied, "You know how often you forget it." "I don't forget it." I said, "I just hate it." "And if you're going to be hanging around boys, you don't need to be leaving it off." She countered, "You've got something there now." I rolled my eyes, and she sighed again, "Do you need a ride?" "Nah." I said, "I got it." Carlisle and Esme weren't home, gone for the week, so Jasper and Alice had been placed in charge of keeping me alive while they were gone. Mikah was off on a day long hunting trip, as he'd left early that morning. Thankfully, Emmett and Rosalie decided they needed another honeymoon, so they split also for probably two weeks, or longer. I refused to think about what they were probably doing. Just to avoid puking all over the carpet like a cat with a hairball. "Alright." Alice sighed, "Just be careful." Oh, here came the lecture, "Stay away from strangers, and for God's sake, don't climb into their car." "Um.." I reached into my pocket, lifting out a folded knife, "I'm think I'm covered." Opened, the blade itself was about four inches. The shiny wood and chrome lock-back handle, another four inches. "Oh, geez." She muttered, eyeing it, "Where'd you get that thing?" "Early birthday present from Zack." I replied with a smile, "Cool, huh?" "Only use that if you need it, okay?" "Trust me." I said, "I know. I didn't even want to carry it with me, but he insisted, since I do so much walking alone. I'll probably never have to use it, but I have it with me if I need it." She nodded hesitantly, eyeing it again. "Anyway," I muttered, "Can I go now?" I slid the knife back into my pocket. "Yeah." She replied, "Just be home before dark, and here." She laid something in my hand. Her cell phone. I frowned down at the cell phone, confused, "In case you need to contact us. Jazz has his phone on him." "Oh, geez." I grumbled, repeating her earlier words, "I'm not going to China." "That knife got me thinking." She defended herself, "Just take it." I shrugged, sliding it into my other pocket. By the time I finally did get moving, I was about ten minutes more late than I'd been before. Thanks to Alice's overprotective nature, I met both boys at the bus stop in town. We'd missed the first bus, and had about twenty minutes until the next one showed up. "Sorry." I panted, stopping beside them, "I know I said ten, but Alice interrogated me." "It's okay." Josh chuckled, "And you slept in, didn't you?" "Shut up." I laughed in return. "You guys want to see a movie today?" Zack asked, "I'll pay." I considered it, eventually wrinkling my nose, "I'd rather not." "Yeah, me either." Josh agreed with me, "Besides, isn't that too tame for you?" I laughed at that one. It took us an hour and a half to get to Port Angeles from where we were. I hated how long it took, but I figured I'd deal with it if it meant having some fun today, and with the boys, it didn't usually feel that long anyway. It might have taken us forever to get there, but really not very long to find trouble. We'd paid a visit to one of our favorite little stores, and I convinced Zack to do something really stupid. I'd actually been joking, but he listened to me. I led the way, hauling ass up the sidewalk. Josh behind me, and Zack behind him, running as fast as we could. "I told you!" I called back to him, "Never lift from that place!" "It was your idea!" Zack called to me. "Sure, get technical!" "Shut up both of you!" Josh pushed passed me, rounding quickly and diving into an alley. Grabbing my arm and tugging me with him by the back of my shirt, and Zack next. "You're supposed to be an example." I shoved Zack as we started running again. This time down the alley. "What?" He snorted, "How so?" "You're fourteen." I answered, "I'm not." "Not yet." He countered, "I'm only four months older than you." "Sure, get technical." That had us laughing as we ducked through a broken chain-link fence, rounding the back of a building where we finally stopped to catch our breath. The building beside us was a storage facility, complete with two madly barking and pissed off German Shepherds, thankfully behind a rather thick, tall fence. We'd have to go back the way we'd come to get out of this area, but that'd come later. "Shut up." I growled, kicking the fence. Which only pissed them off more, "If I ever wanted to steal anything from that dump, I'd just kill you first." "Leandra." Josh laughed a little, "Just ignore them." "Did you get anything?" I asked, looking to Zack. "Nope." He laughed, "I dropped whatever it was the second he pulled out that bat." "Can't blame you." I muttered, "But what'd I always tell you? Those privately owned places, they're allowed to chase you and beat the shit out of you if they catch you. The chain stores and gas stations, they're not. If they chase you, they'd get fired." "Unless the place has security." He rolled his eyes, "Yes, I know." "It's security's job to chase you down and beat the shit out of you." I reiterated anyway, "And they don't mess around. So if you're going to pull something like that, you gotta be good at it." "Like you?" He smiled. "Shut up." I said, laughing a little. We both knew he was better at stealing than I was. All three times I'd tried, I got caught and wound up having to run. "So.." Zack sighed, still slightly out of breath, "When's Sarah getting here?" I groaned, looking to Josh, "Sarah's coming?" Sarah was Josh's blonde, boring girlfriend of almost a year. She was about as fun as a mop, and had about the same personality. She frequently joined us in our trips to Port Angeles, and usually destroyed any good mood I might be in. Of course, I'd never admit that. "Shit." Josh grumbled, looking at his phone. Probably for the time. I laughed this time, "You forgot about your own girlfriend? Well, aren't you a keeper?" "Oh, shut it." He turned, ducking back through the fence. Zack and I followed him, running once more, back toward the street. I knew where he was leading us, but wasn't in any hurry to get there. Some shopping mall a few blocks away. Where we always met up with her. We stood at the corner of one street, waiting for the traffic to stop so we could cross. Thankfully, the store clerk that had been chasing us was nowhere to be found. "When are you going to dump that stupid bitch?" I asked, and he sighed, giving me a look. "Leave Sarah out of it." He murmured, "She's really nice once you get to know her." "What's there to get to know?" I asked, "Come on. You deserve better than her. The only thing fun about her, is how mad she gets when we bug her." I followed as Josh started to cross, "Next time, pick somebody better. Not some goody-goody little twat that wouldn't know a good time if it slapped her in the fucking face." "Oh, didn't you hear?" Zack piped up, "I'm pretty sure she finally put out." "Yuck." I gasped, "You're kidding?" As much as I hated hearing that, it certainly explained why Josh was suddenly so much more defensive of her. "Nope." Zack replied, "Last Saturday, he came home all smiles. Just pleased with himself." "Oh, vomit." "If I didn't know better, I'd say you were jealous." Zack chuckled, and I rolled my eyes. Shoving him into a trash can as we walked passed it. A very satisfying metallic bang made me smile. "Will you two cut it out?" Josh grumbled as Zack caught back up to me and shoved me into a light post. I turned, shoving Zack again with a laugh. "Oh?" Zack asked, "Is Joshy a little defensive?" I faked a gag, and Zack laughed with me. 'Joshy' was Sarah's nickname for him. "Wonder how many other guys she's fucking?" I asked, "It's always the quiet and boring ones you have to worry about." Josh finally turned, taking my upper arms in his hands and pressing me back against another light post. I just grinned at him, knowing exactly why this was irritating him so much. It was no secret that he wanted to be with me. I knew it, Zack knew it, but I wouldn't have it. The furthest I'd gone with him was giving him a kiss on the cheek over a year ago, but I made fun of his girlfriend unmercifully and did my best to drop subtle hints that I was mildly interested. He caught every single one. Even if I knew I'd never be interested in things an almost-sixteen year old boy would be interested in, it was fun to see how badly I could bother him. His expression bordered extreme irritation, but slight amusement. An intense look in his eyes that made me nervous. "Now, Joshy."