ImPORTANT NOTE!: A few things I have to put here. I would read it all, since there is information in here that *will* probably be stated several times throughout the story. And it's fun. I promise it won't hurt. Okay. Let's start with the very obvious- DISCLAIMER! I don't own any part of the Twilight series, and I don't claim to. As fun as that would be, I really don't. I don't own any part of SM's work. I only own the characters you probably know all about by now, and they're a pretty rowdy bunch. Seriously. It's a circus in my head. Unfortunately, not all of them get along with each other, and they do get away from me now and then, but they're pretty harmless. Kinda. I'd watch out for the taller, dark haired one, though. He's a little shifty. (Dear God, that sounded so crazy..) Now, onto the- WARNING! This story is rated 'M' for a very, very good reason! As with all of my stories, This one isn't pretty. In this story, just like all the others, is where you'll find far more bad days than good days. More rain than sun. More- You get it. Please heed my heads up if you're sensitive. Definitely not for the faint of heart, or squeamish. I don't like getting whined at. I will put an "ImPORTANT NOTE" at the top of every particularly iffy chapter, but I do try to follow the guidelines of the site closely. No overly graphic descriptions of violence, yada-yada. Stuff like that, but I do mildly hint with just a dash of description. It's a very careful recipe, with a line that could be very easy to cross. Believe me. It could be worse. It'd be like a really jarring punch to the face every chapter if it could be. No joke. However. It's not my intention to give anybody nightmares. That'd be against the rules. That being said, I welcome you all to my little corner of insanity. Don't touch my crayons, and the hand-puppets will bite you. Cookies will be given between each chapter to those who review, but only if you have a very good imagination. Okay. I'll shut up now. Onward! Chapter One I had to be across the room, making it really difficult to see whatever Zack was trying to show me of his stupid pet turtle. If I ventured anywhere near it, it folded back up into its shell and wouldn't come out for fifteen minutes, sometimes longer. Even if I moved away. We'd learned that the hard way twice already today. I felt bad for scaring it without even meaning to, so I kept my distance now. This being the first visit to their house since being back in town, I hadn't seen Mr. Jerk, Zack's pet turtle, since Christmas. "That thing hates me." I sighed from where I sat on the side of his bed. Zack looked back at me from across the room, where Jerk's cage was set up against the wall by the bedroom door. "Jerk doesn't hate you." Zack replied, lifting the turtle, "He's afraid of you. There's a difference." The turtle had grown quite a bit since the last time I saw it, but Zack said it would probably double that size before it was finished growing. As it was, it was only about six months old when I first saw it. Just a little baby turtle. Now, it was about the size of a baseball. Maybe a little bigger. Apparently, those things could live for seventy or eighty years. That just freaked me out to think about. I had to admit, though. I was curious, and I had a lot of questions. "How do you know Jerk is a boy turtle?" I asked, and he laughed, "It could be a Jerkette." He turned it to point its butt at me. "See how long his tail is?" He asked, and I nodded, "That means he's a he and not a she. The females have shorter and smaller tails, and brown eyes. He's got orange eyes." He'd sure done his research, "And under here.." He flipped the turtle over, much to its displeasure, given the flailing limbs, "See how it sort of like.. Dips right here?" He pointed to the lower part of the bottom of his shell, and I nodded a little, "Females are flatter." "Oh." I muttered, "Why are the females flat and not the males?" "Something to do with mating." He shrugged, "Him being creased like that makes it easier to um.. Stay on." I crinkled my nose. Cringing, "Just how they're designed. I guess they wouldn't want to make a lot of baby turtles if they kept sliding off." "That doesn't sound very fun." "Exactly." Zack laughed a little, righting the turtle again, "I wanted to make sure I got a boy turtle. So I did a little bit of reading on it, and I knew he was a boy when I got him from the pet store online. Poor Jerk probably isn't ever gonna have a girlfriend, though. Mom says she doesn't want a bunch of baby turtles running around." "Why not?" "Something about child support." He shrugged again, "I don't really get it." I shrugged as well, sighing. I had a few more questions, though. "What happens when they flip over?" "Onto their back?" He asked and I nodded, "Well, if they're healthy, they just turn themselves over." "How?" "Mostly, they use their head to sort of push themselves over." He replied, "If Jerk would let you near him, I'd show you, but that might just give him a heart attack. If they all really got stuck like that, there would be a lot less turtles in the world." "So why are they called box turtles?" I asked, "Because they can live in a box?" "No." He replied, "Because when they go into their shell, it closes up for better protection, boxing them in." "Oh." "You've seen that part." He laughed, and I nodded a little. He placed Jerk back into his freshly cleaned cage, tossed in a few tomato and berry chunks he'd brought in earlier from the kitchen, and put the lid in place. "I'll give him his mixed food later." He said, "That's just a snack." "Isn't that all they eat?" I asked. "No." He laughed, replacing and turning on the heat lamp, "Not even close. Sometimes I give him worms, crickets, live things like that. Bits of fish, which he really likes. Fruits, different veggies. Most of the time, it's a little mix of everything, which he loves." "Wow." I muttered, "I would have just thrown in some lettuce and be done with it." "It's a little harder than that if you want to keep them healthy." He replied as he turned for the door, "If you ever get one, I'll help you." That was the sign that I could move. Standing up, I scooted from the room before Jerk could see me, and headed for the stairs while Zack stopped in the bathroom to wash his hands. I stood there at the top of the stairs for a moment, just to take a breath. I was having such a hard day. It was visiting day, as Esme thought it would be best to let Heather know about the situation with Jack in person, in hopes being around the boys would help cheer me up. Heather, being the somehow sane sister of the psychopath in question, I would have thought that she really wouldn't want to know about what was going on, but apparently, she requested specifically to be informed about every new development. I had to take Zack upstairs while they talked for a little bit, so Heather suggested that he clean Jerk's cage while we were up here. He hadn't done it yet today. Josh had taken over his dad's office for the day, as he was in trouble for falling behind in homework. Alyssa had been warned first about the danger that could possibly be headed her way. All the way across the country in New York, which felt like we'd just gotten back home from. Just in case, and just so she could be on her toes. She accepted the warning, knowing full well that I wouldn't have even bothered telling her if I didn't mean it. She promised to keep an eye on everyone there, and I had to admit. She sounded like she was doing better. Not by much, but better than she was before, given Mikah's continued absence. Rose hadn't found anything out of place yet, and she checked often. My dad was warned close second, and he lived just one state over in Idaho. The threat to him was probably a lot greater, considering that he was my biological father. The one that Jack, the psychopathic stepfather of mine in question, had tried so hard to erase from my life completely while I was growing up. He had a family he needed to take care of. Alice and Jasper both took turns with watching him. Neither one finding anything out of place yet either. Given everything going on, Esme had been given specific permission by the state to teach me from home. I didn't need to attend public school, but my case had to be kept secret. From anyone except the one Carlisle kept in direct contact with. As a precaution, nobody else was allowed to access any information on me. My records were sealed. They didn't want to take any risks of that happening again. It'd been a week since Jack had called. A week to the day, and I was definitely feeling the lack of sleep. I was sleeping even less than I slept in New York, but I found that when I did manage to sleep, the dreams I couldn't remember weren't a problem anymore. The last time I had one of those was the night before that woman tried to take me, and I knew exactly why that was. Thanks to Edward, the outcome I feared so deeply had been avoided. For right then, at least. Unfortunately, I remembered every dream I had these days. If I ever let myself sleep enough to dream, which really wasn't often. It was a habit by now to wake up. Anything could wake me up, even with how tired I was, and anything included the feeling of falling asleep. 'Ms. Parker' and the man with her, both of the people who'd tried to steal me a week before, had been caught that same night. The police picked them up outside Tacoma during a traffic stop for speeding. With Carlisle not wasting any time, the cop that stopped them knew they were being looked for. Both would probably be charged heavily, and sent to prison for a number of years. I had no sympathy for them. I hoped they rotted away in there. This was the first time in a week I was away from the house. I hadn't felt the need to go anywhere and risk anything. I would have preferred to stay home today, but Esme insisted I come along, and I couldn't exactly argue with her the way I would with Alice. Somehow, it was just different. It felt wrong somehow to give Esme as hard of a time as I would give Alice. I didn't quite understand it, but I didn't exactly question it, either. It was just different. So far, nothing involving Jack had happened that I knew of, but I knew that it was possible because of me, and the guilt was eating me alive. I doubted, though, anyone would tell me if anything did ever happen, because of that guilt I knew they knew I felt. I was a wreck as it was. I wasn't dealing well with this. I yelped, the sound travelling down the stairs as I jumped about a foot in the air. "Don't