Allllrighty. Here goes the beginning notes, okay? Pay attention, my wonderful readers. One: This is going to start off DIRECTLY where 'Hunting for the Day - Re-Vamped' left off. A lot of you asked if it really ended that way, and I was originally going to let it end there. Because I'm cruel like that, but after enough time of thinking about it, and going over it and over it and over it and over it and over it in my mind, this is the gem I came up with. Two: The first two chapters are almost EXACTLY the same as the beginning chapters of 'Beneath the Twilight - Re-Vamped' because I'm creative like that. BUT! Pay attention, because there is a change here or there. And finally, THREE: This is going to be a LOT longer than 'Beneath the Twilight - Re-Vamped'. Just a heads up. So be prepared for it to take several chapters to get to the real good stuff. You know, like in my other stories, where I completely skipped over everything we don't already know. And that's about it. So... On to the wonderful, but necessary: DIsCLAIMER! I own NOTHING! I don't own Twilight, or ANYTHING affiliated with it! I only own Leandra, except sometimes, she runs away with my imagination, and refuses to let the damn story end where I wanted to leave it. Okay? Is that good? Or.. Yeah, whatever. It's good enough. *Pushes up sleeves* I think I'm finally ready to get back into this. ONWARD! Chapter One Shaking off the dream I had the night before, I stood there for a moment, clinging to the door frame of my bedroom. Carefully choosing my breaths, waiting for the intense pain to become tolerable. Both physically and emotionally. It had been hard, so unbelievably hard to tell myself that none of that had been real. The crushing, debilitating disappointment squeezed my heart, making it difficult to breathe. Coughing a sob, I listened to the sound of it return to me. I looked around me with a heartbreakingly torn expression, searching for some way this was fake. That's all it was. That's all it had been. A dream. I'd had a family. I'd had a life. I'd had something worth living for. I'd had dreams of them before. Of the kindness they showed me, but even as it faded even faster, I had to admit that it had been more vivid, more real than the others I'd had in the past. Regardless, it had been a dream, otherwise I wouldn't still be here. Who were they? These people I dreamed about? Probably nobody worth thinking about. People I made up. There were bits that I'd forgotten right away. Most of it, most of the details had faded. Gone the moment I opened my eyes, but some stuck. The color gold. I didn't know anything about what that had to do with anything, but it was something that stuck out. I remembered how it felt to be supported, to be cared about. All the events, every single one, and every lesson I'd learned faded slower, but faded nonetheless. I struggled now to hold onto the feeling of being safe. That was one of the main emotions that stuck out to me. I needed that, but I had to struggle to hold onto it. It wasn't fair. It wasn't often I had nice dreams like that. My mind obviously cracking, turning against me in rebellion of what Jack put me through. Showing me what life could be like, but tearing it away from me the second I opened my eyes. With a deep, shaky breath, I forced myself forward. Clinging to the one thing I could still recall clearly, the color gold, I kept moving. Losing all the apparent strength I'd found in that dream, I forced myself to face the facts. I was unlovable. Unwanted. Worthless. I was alone. I always would be until I finally died of a broken heart. At that thought, a sob tore free. I'd been doing so well up until that point, but that thought nearly crumbled me. My heart broke, as if telling me I was already half way toward death, sending waves of emotional pain through me. I didn't remember anymore what I'd lost by waking up, but I wanted it back. Coughing another sob, I limped from my bedroom, attempting to ignore my mother's quiet snores behind me on the couch in the living room as I made my way into the bathroom for a quick shower. I've felt this way before. I couldn't stop living because of a dream. I had to continue living for myself. I should have been grateful to wake up at all, but I couldn't help hating the fact just a little. Quite a bit, actually. I had to keep moving, though. New and old bruises covered every inch of me that could be covered, even a few places I had to be creative at hiding. Meeting my own lifeless clear green eyes in the mirror, I slowly eased my hand up, and moved my mid-back-length dark auburn hair from in front of my face. Shoulder to toe screaming in pain, I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. This was a daily ritual for me. Proving to myself by taking a deep breath as I held my reflection's gaze that I was still alive. I dared not hope that anyone would care enough to look passed my blatant lies, but some part of me refused to give up. I would survive these years. Despite how I often never wanted to, I would. If I hadn't died yet, I doubted much of anything would kill me. I showered quickly, hating the way the ice cold water caused even more pain than before. The harsh spray of the icy water made it difficult to take a breath as it poured over my welts. It was more of a rinse than a shower, letting the previous day run into the drain with the water. As I could only bear the pain for five minutes. If that. Clenching my teeth around the sharp cry of agony that attempted to claw its way out. And as I stood there, placing water-resistant concealer over older, fading bruises on my cheek, a pleadingly desperate prayer that had always sat in the back of my mind came forward once more. Please. Let someone see me today. Anybody. A teacher, a classmate. A passer-by on the street. Anybody. I didn't care who, just somebody who would look passed my carefully constructed facade of attitude. Somebody who wouldn't fall for my lies. Somebody who would just take a second glance. See passed the attempts I always made to push them away, and see that I wasn't okay. I wasn't alright. To see that I needed somebody to just look at me. To see me, the real me, the frightened me. The me that desperately needed a helping hand, but had always been too afraid to ask for it. I hated giving that prayer much thought, especially after the dream I had, because once that thought was through, another thought would squash it flat. Today would be no different than any other day. I'd go to school, and I'd suffer. I'd survive that minimal suffering, and return home to Jack's sadistic anger, and suffer then too. I'd survive that Hell, and I'd return to school, where I'd suffer some more. That was my life. Sad, disgusting and abysmal. I was the lowest form of a child, and that was my life. It'd never change, so I never understood why I bothered to hold even a shred of a hope. I was the runt that nobody saw. The equvallent of a stray kitten on the rain-soaked street that nobody stopped to pick up, despite my drenched fur and obvious desperation and malnutrition. The kind that would run from anyone who attempted to pick me up, but look back at once they gave up. Wondering why nobody ever tried harder. I saw my life like a shattered mirror. Broken, pieces missing. Damaged, unfixable. I left the bathroom, and I dressed in my long-sleeved dark brown sweater, and baggy, holey jeans. I hated wearing things twice in a row. I'd washed them, of course, but it didn't matter to a lot of my classmates. All they saw was the fact I wore them again. I didn't have much to my name. A few torn articles of clothing, and that was about it. My tennis shoes, which should have been a size too small, but still fit easily, were nearly giving in, and I hoped they had another year left in them. I hardly ever got new clothes. And when I did, they were never new. They were always whatever Jack could find in the dumpster behind the thrift store. Clothes that no one would ever be caught dead wearing. As it was, I was wearing the best piece of clothing I owned. My sweater. The sleeves overtook my hands, but was thin enough to not do much in the way of keeping me warm. It was heavily comfortable, though. Loose on me, so it didn't irritate the brand new bruises and welts, but covered them very effectively. It was about three sizes too big for me, falling to about my upper thigh. I didn't mind that so much, though. I liked it. I pulled my dark pink wool hat over my loose hair, and I was set. I took a deep breath, allowing myself a handful of sobs, before leaving my bedroom. Closing the door behind me with a deep sniffle, I rounded the corner and stepped quietly over to where my mother laid on the couch. Despite her heartbreaking choices, I still loved her. Despite the way she consistently ensured that she'd never see me, I still loved her. I shook my head, grabbed the small blanket off the end of the couch, and laid it over her. "You drank too much last night." I told her quietly, knowing she never heard me. She continued to snore, oblivious to my presence. I sighed and turned, looking to the pack of cigarettes she had sitting on the coffee table within her reach. I lifted the pack, and the lighter sitting beside it. Looking to the clock, I had time. My snarling stomach never ceased to ache. For as long as I could remember, I'd been hungry. Jack purposefully kept the house void of any kind of food. My best hope was that he brought left-over lunch home, and gave me a few scraps, or the school lunch. The lunches the school provided never satisfied my hunger, and definitely wasn't enough to live on. Today, we were supposed to bring a packed lunch, for the field trip, so that killed any hope of eating today. I'd just have to deal with it. The best I could do to deal with it, was give my mouth something to do. It was the only thing I had. I gingerly took a seat on the loveseat near my mom, and lit up a cigarette. I smoked quickly, sitting there calmly, nibbling on my thumbnail between drags. I knew that even if my mom woke up and saw me doing this, she wouldn't have enough energy to care. Her pale skin told me she'd had too much to drink the night before, and would probably wake up soon only to puke, grab another beer, and fall back to sleep. She was killing herself with her choices and habits, completely forgetting that she had a daughter that needed her. It never had been much different, anyway. Remember, I told myself, I'm the runt that nobody wants. Even my own mother. I smoked for maybe five minutes, listening to her snore beside me on the couch, before deciding to just take it with me. I shoved the half-full pack into