Chapter One If there was one thing I hated, it was early mornings. I was never one to be considered a morning person, and more often than not, I became a bear for the first two hours after being woken up. For whatever reason. I didn't care if the house was on fire. I'd rather sleep through it. I didn't know what caused that. I always heard most teenagers were like that, but I suspected being so sleep deprived as a kid, through either my fault or my stepfather's fault, also had something to do with it. Either way, it didn't matter. I loved to sleep. There was nothing else like it in the world. Now, the morning of my sixteenth birthday, I was woken up way too early. Opening my eyes just a bit, the clock read six-fifteen in the morning. I refused to acknowledge Alice standing there. She waited, tapping her foot impatiently. I could out stubborn her, if I was patient enough, and she knew that. She learned that the rhythmic tapping of her foot could usually just put me back to sleep, so she would vary its pattern. Which was highly irritating. Irritating enough to wake me up. "When are you going to learn," I mumbled from half under the pillows, "That I like to sleep?" "I already know that." "Is it too much to ask for, to have you take my love of sleep into consideration?" I had yet to move, or even fully open my eyes, "I'd like to think I've earned the privilege of sleeping in." "You know me better than that." She laughed, "Now come on. Out of bed." "Why?" I asked in return, "What use is it to celebrate this year? You know you're just lucky I haven't tried to kill myself yet." "Now, I'm definitely not letting you lay around feeling sorry for yourself." She grabbed my wrist and pulled, "Up you get." Tugging me into sitting upright. I whined, tearing the hairtie out of my hair in frustration. My hair had gotten long enough for tying it up to be a necessity at night, just so I didn't roll over and lay on it. Laying straight down my back in a braid, or a curtain over my shoulder when I had it down. I'd done plenty of growing over the last three or so years. My shaky start to my teen years really had no lasting physical effect on me, which was a surprise, given all of the stuff I'd gotten into. I was still small for my age, but then again, that wasn't so strange. On the low end of five foot tall wasn't so bad considering how far behind I used to be. I was just about Alice's height now, maybe an inch or so shorter. The only reason I cooperated now was because I really didn't want to be carried. So I swung my feet out of bed, giving her a look and heading for the door still wide open. The one place I had the very most history was my bedroom. I loved my room, though that wasn't always the case. Fighting off a yawn on my way out the door, I padded bare foot up the hall toward the living room. Fixing my pajamas, since they'd gotten crinkled as I slept, I fluffed my hair. Trying to wake up, and not be so grumpy. "Sleeping beauty." Emmett chuckled once he saw me, and I gave him a glare, "Gorgeous." I couldn't help losing the glare, and laughing a little at the tone of voice he used, shaking my head. I chose to sit beside him, wanting to wake up a little before getting into the shower. I yawned deeply, laying my head back. Emmett, thinking he was being funny, poked his finger into my mouth. I bit down on his finger, and he chuckled as I held on. I didn't appreciate being mocked. "Okay, you can let go now." He laughed, shaking his finger a little. I wrinkled my nose at him, adding more pressure. I knew for a fact I wasn't hurting him, and was already close to hurting myself, but I held on. He sighed in mock frustration, waiting. "Already, the biting has begun." Jasper muttered, coming into the room to stand beside where Alice had fallen into the chair. "He started it." I mumbled around his finger between my teeth. Finally having enough, Emmett grabbed my hand and bit onto my finger in return. Not hard enough to break skin, of course, but it hurt. I was stubborn though, holding on. I laughed, trying to pull my hand free. "Ow!" I kicked at him. "I'll let go if you let go." He told me, "Again, you're fighting a losing battle." "No such thing!" "Both of you, knock it off." Rosalie descended the stairs. Very unamused. We both let go at the same time, and I pulled my hand back to myself. Assessing the nonexistent damage. Emmett was always careful with me. Fixing how I sat, I somehow managed to kick Emmett yet again as I stretched out long ways on the couch. He chuckled, pushing my foot back to myself as I closed my eyes, choosing to snooze a little in the few minutes of silence in the room. "Your father will be here around ten." Alice informed me, "He's bringing everyone." And I nodded, keeping my eyes shut. "And Andrew?" I asked sleepily, glancing up at her, to which she nodded. "This year, the Denalis are coming as well." She added and that surprised me enough to lean up on my elbows, looking back at her, "I know." "Usually they don't bother with birthdays." I muttered, still surprised, "Especially with humans here." "This is a special one." Jasper explained quietly, and I laid back down. "With any luck, I won't see my next one." I said, "At least not human." I thought about that for a minute, finally sighing heavily, "Shit." I brought both hands up, covering my face briefly. "Okay." Alice said, seeing my mood drop instantly, "Time to get your shower." She stepped forward and grabbed my wrists and tugged me off the couch. I cooperated this time merely because I always felt better after a shower. I still couldn't stand taking a bath, but showers were more than acceptable. "You saying I stink?" I muttered back at her, and she gave me an amused glare. Yeah, yeah. I knew. She knew me well enough to know my mood lifted significantly the more I woke up, and I tended to wake up after a warm shower. I chose to leave my hair down, which bugged Alice to no end. She always insisted I do something with it. My favorite fitting pink t-shirt and jeans, and I was ready. I needed no shoes, considering I probably wouldn't be leaving the house or the porch. I'd learned by now that even if I wanted to protest, Alice would decorate. So I chose not to worry about it this year. Let her do what she's going to do. I laid on the couch with Emmett as Alice and Esme got things ready. Wishing I was less tired, and wishing I could look forward to seeing my dad again. The cousins showed up about nine, which I greeted them from my place on the couch as Esme and Carlisle made small-talk with them. This was sort of a sad greeting, I realized, as they knew the significance of this birthday. They understood, but none of the humans coming would. When the doorbell finally rang about nine-forty-five, I rolled quickly to my feet as Emmett turned off the TV. Alice, of course, beat me to the door, and I came up behind her. There stood my dad, grinning from ear to ear while Rachel stayed at the van. "Leandra." He greeted, hugging me tightly, "Way to make me feel old, kiddo." He pulled back, holding my hands and looking me up and down, "More beautiful every time I see you. It's so hard to believe you're that two year old, running around naked with chocolate syrup all over your face and the living room wall." I laughed, shaking my head. "That's a new one." I said, "And why weren't you watching me?" "I turned my back for two seconds." He told me in his defense, "You always were a crafty little thing." Lily, my now eleven year old half-sister, stumbled up the steps behind him. Four gifts in her arms, one gift bag hanging in her teeth. "Dad," She mumbled around the handle of the gift bag, "Mom's pissed." "Again?" He sighed, turning. I reached forward, taking a few of the wrapped gifts from her with a laugh. She took the bag from her teeth, laughed and hugged me a little in greeting. Despite how long we usually went without seeing each other, we still remained somewhat friends. "Man, you're growing up." I told her, "Look at you." "Dad's having one hell of time keeping me in clothes that fit." She giggled a little, stepping passed me inside. I usually ignored her curse words, remembering my time as an eleven year old. "That'll slow down in about two or three years." I said, "If you're anything like me." "Leandra!" I glanced over at the squeal of a five year old, her grin lighting up her whole face as she raced over the gravel toward the steps. My other half-sister. Excited as ever. "Oh, no! They let you loose!" I called dramatically, holding the door open for her. She reached me, plowing into my side and hugging me, "Ah! You caught me." "She's been one major pain in the butt." Lily sighed, walking away. Continuing on toward the living room. "No I haven't!" Kaylee called after her, pouting. I lifted her, sighing as I did so. "You're getting heavy, big butt." I pointed out, "What have you grown? Three? Four inches?" "And a whole 'nother year." She reported proudly. She meant she'd had a birthday since I saw her last. Her auburn hair was growing out nicely, just passed her shoulders now. "Me too." I told her, and returned her smile, as I carried her on into the living room. I listened to the sounds of my dad and Rachel arguing on the porch, making their way inside as well. Probably with the newest member of their family with them. "Wow." Lily was hesitating in the doorway, looking toward the couch. I knew she'd found the Denalis, and couldn't help laughing. "I'll introduce you." I offered, and she nodded. Still seeming awkward, I led her forward. Kaylee still in my arm. My dad followed up behind me, the baby boy in his arms smiling at me. My little brother, who'd been born two years before and named Gabriel after Rachel's grandfather, looked so much like my dad, it was amazing. Even more than Kaylee or even I did. He had the cutest dimples, though, on both cheeks. Only really showing when he grinned like he did so now. His green eyes three of us four kids inherited from my dad shining. He must have just woken up, given the slight tired look to him. I greeted him enthusiastically, setting Kaylee down on her feet and pulling him to me. "So how many more kids are you going to have?" I asked sarcastically, grinning a little as Rachel entered the room behind my dad. "None." She sighed tiredly, "Four would be way too many. Three is too many." "I don't blame you." I laughed a little as Gabe wriggled in my arms until I let him down. I watched him instantly run to the couch, snagging a seat for himself. The last time he'd been here, he was about eighteen months old, and barely toddling around. It surprised me to see that he remembered most everybody, smiling and waving in greeting. He was going to