ImPORTANT NOTE: Hi, guys! Long time, no post. I really tried hard to get this out as soon as I could, but life has just gotten so busy. Between Little KNeu growing like a weed (one year old on June 7th!), and moving out of this crap apartment, I've been working on this during every spare second I had. I'm pretty proud of how far I managed to get so far, and I'm pretty satisfied with the events that will unfold in this story. It's such a different direction, I believe my wonderful readers will approve as well. ANYWAY! I'm starting this story with a copy/paste from the end of chapter five and the start of chapter six of my story The Gift of Misfortune - Re-Vamped. I did take out the less relevant portions to save space (this chapter will be my longest chapter of the story), leaving in pieces that needed to be focused on. Just in case anyone was confused as to exactly where I'll be starting this story off. I suppose this story can be a stand-alone, but I also must suggest anyone new to go back and read through my The Gift - Re-Vamped series. It would make more sense that way. ReMINDER! READ THIS PART! As with every single one of my other stories, this story is rated 'M' for violence, language, adult themes, and mentions/mild descriptions of abuse. If you're not old enough to read 'M' material, I highly recommend backing out now. With that said, it's time for the.. DiSCLAIMER! I don't own anything Twilight related. I only own the parts and people you don't recognize from SM's works. All of my characters aren't based on any real people, blah blah blah. They might drive me crazy with the bickering, but they're not real (haha...). I believe that's all.. So without further delay.. ONWARD! Chapter One The ride back started quiet. Both of us silent, until I thought of something I wanted to ask. "You say you can see the future too?" I asked quietly, looking over at her. She smiled a little, nodding, "Can you tell where he's taking me?" It was such an odd thing to consider, but I'd apparently been doing it without my knowledge. "It's difficult to see you." She answered, "Which is why I haven't been able to see anything very specific." I nodded a little, "It doesn't take a genius to figure out what's going on by what I have seen, though." "Why can't you see me?" I asked, frowning. "I didn't say I couldn't." She replied, "Just that it's difficult. I do know that we'll be friends for a long time, so don't worry about that." I liked that thought. True to her word, she pulled to a stop outside the house, and there was no sign of Jack home yet in the fading evening light. It got dark quickly when the clouds were this thick. She sighed, turning off the car, her smile long gone. Her eyes closed for a few seconds before she opened them. As if this really bothered her. I sighed in relief, looking over at her. I was eased the second I noticed that Jack was still gone. He wouldn't know anything about me leaving the house, and that made me feel better, until I noticed her expression. "What is it?" I had to ask, "What's wrong?" "I don't want to leave you here." She laughed, but the sound definitely wasn't a happy one. She looked over at me, and I finally saw her emotion, "I feel like I'm tossing you to the wolves." "I'll be okay." I mumbled, trying to ease her, "I always am." "Just be truthful with me, Leandra." She almost plead, "I'm right, aren't I?" I hesitated for about a minute, before I took a breath. "Do you have to ask?" I asked in return, "Denying it doesn't do any good, does it?" She took a deep breath, a calming one as she held it. I could see how hard this really was. "Can you honestly tell me," She murmured, quieter now, "That trusting someone else is harder than staying here and letting him beat on you?" "Yes." I answered without hesitation, "It's a lot harder. There's.. More to it than just trusting someone else. You don't know what he's like. Besides.." I shrugged a little, "The best I could hope for would be to get sent away to some family that gets paid to beat me harder than he ever has." "That's not true." She replied. "I've heard stories." I defended my point. She took a breath, and looked to me, "Just think. Think about what choice you're making before you walk away. There will always be a chance to change your mind, but do you really want it to get bad enough for you to have to? Leandra, I'm worried. That's also not easy to do." I looked down. "You know full well that what he does to you isn't right." She continued, "It's not right. You need to understand that." "I know." I mumbled, "I know that he shouldn't hit me." "Not just that." She murmured, "It's wrong. You know it's wrong." I knew that better than she obviously knew. I didn't respond to that one. Keeping my eyes down, studying my hands nervously clasped in my lap. I wouldn't bother denying it anymore, but I wouldn't say a word to confirm it. "I am begging you." She stressed, "Begging you not to leave this car." I took a breath, "I don't have another choice." "I'm offering you another choice." She replied, "Right now." "You don't know him." I whimpered, shaking my head, "You don't get it." "What don't I get?" She asked, "Please. Explain it to me." "I can't." "Why not?" She asked, "Why can't you?" "I just can't." I shook my head again, "You don't know." "Look." She murmured, her tone soft, "All you have to do is tell me. Just say the word, and I'll take you back to the house. We'll sort everything out there." "I can't." "It's either that, or I camp out in your front yard, and wait for him to get here so I can kick his ass myself." She replied, and I looked to her sharply, "I can't leave you here. I can't do it. Not knowing what he does to you." I held her gaze for a minute, and everything I saw there told me she knew exactly what was going on. I saw no reason to deny it anymore. "You can't do that." I finally told her, "You-" "Then let me take you back." She insisted, "Because that's the only way I'm leaving here. With you with me." "Okay." I said, "Okay, fine." Just because she made me agree, didn't mean I would be cooperative. She didn't wait for another word from me, immediately starting the car again. What the hell was wrong with me? Leaving while I still had a chance to get back before he even knew I left was one thing. Purposefully waiting for him to get home and not doing everything I could to immediately get back home was even worse. We got there, and Carlisle was immediately there in the garage doorway. Obviously confused as Alice pulled me from the car. Taking my hand as I followed her a little easier back into the familiar house. Not that she left any option. I attempted to remove my hand from hers, but it wouldn't budge. Not painfully, like it would have been with Jack, but just impossible to get my hand free. "There." I muttered, "Now that you're here, I'll walk back." She didn't reply to that, "Alice?" I had to get back. Even if I was a little late in returning, I could still swing it just enough so he wouldn't suspect they had anything to do with why I was gone. "I couldn't." Was all she said to Carlisle as we passed him into the house. I looked up at him as we passed, confused but having little choice in how this all played out now. Was I in the middle of being kidnapped? "Hey, she's back." Emmett seemed pleased at that, but Edward stood up. "Alice?" He questioned her, glancing to me. "First things first." Alice muttered, "We need to call the police-" "No." I immediately stole my hand from hers, "You never said anything about the stupid cops. I won't do it." "Easy." Esme entered the room, "What's going on?" "Okay." Alice huffed, "That can wait a few hours if you want, but definitely by morning." "Alice, I have to go back." I stressed quietly. "If you leave here, I'm going right along with you." She crossed her arms. That was highly frustrating. "You don't know what you're doing." I replied sharply, "Just.. Trust me on this, okay? You don't want anything to do with him." "And why is that?" I shut up. I saw her angle now. I saw what was going on. I wasn't brave enough to make a run for it, and I doubted I'd get very far without her following me anyway. She knew that. She was trying to put herself between Jack and me, but she didn't know what she was doing by doing that. I couldn't tell her, though. She knew something wasn't right. I'd confirmed that just a little bit ago, but she still had no idea how wrong it was. She needed me to fill in that blank, but I wouldn't. With no way out, my back against a metaphorical corner, I didn't know what to do. "God, what am I doing here?" I whimpered, sitting on the couch. I was literally shaking with fear. Covering my face briefly. Everything seemed to be happening quickly, and I hadn't yet come to terms with what this choice meant. All to keep Alice safe, I'd essentially just thrown myself into that box. But no matter how much I hated that thought, I couldn't just let her go there. If I stayed here, she stayed here. If I went home, she went right along with me, and that was something I couldn't let happen. Just the thought of Alice anywhere near Jack made me just as nervous as the thought of him finding out I left. I was confused about which was worse. I couldn't go home until I figured out a way to go back without her following me. I looked over as Alice strode back into the room, a washcloth in her hand. She kneeled on the floor in front of the couch, and reached out. Taking my chin in her hand, she started washing my face for me. Gently, carefully smoothing the cloth over my cheeks, the subtle hint of soap on the cloth soothed me. Though I could do it myself, I didn't mind this. I had to admit, the cool cloth felt nice on my overheated cheeks, but then I realized what she was doing. Jerking my head back, and looking at her with silent accusation in my eyes. She was uncovering my bruise. The thing that had alerted her that first day of what I hid. "It's okay." She told me, and oddly enough, I became more cooperative. As if I had run out of resistance for a moment. I took a deep, shaky breath. A very needed one as she continued. She glanced at Carlisle after a few silent moments, "She covers this every day. Every single day. With as good as she is at it, I don't doubt this is the only one she's ever had." I stayed quiet. If she was hoping I'd add something, she was wrong. I wasn't ready to face this yet, and I knew she was urging me in that direction. I knew what was coming. "Leandra." I looked over as Carlisle took the chair to my left, "Before we can do anything at all, I need