Opening chapter time! Let's see.. What do I usually put up here? Gah it seems like it's been forever. DiSCLAIMER!: No part of the Twilight Saga or anything it entails is mine! Only the characters I invented are mine, which represent no real person in any way, and never will. Just thought I'd throw that last part out there. Uhm.. I don't anticipate anything too rough in this story, but how often has that changed? I'm rating this fic 'M' as a precaution, and if I do stumble across a rough chapter, it'll have my trademark 'ImPORTANT NOTE' at the top, so keep watch for those. I believe I covered much of what I needed to cover. If not, oh well. You get the gist of what I'm trying to say. Okay. Proceed. Chapter One I couldn't understand. An odd sort of confusion clouding something I wasn't getting. Abruptly, I sat up in my bed, just like I had in the dream I'd been having. My breathing a little quick, I looked around my room, the mid-morning, usually cloudy daylight filtering in from behind my curtain. My room was empty, just my room. Plain as it always was, still new to me, but still my room. I sat there, trying to wake myself up a little more and actually listening for my name again. Disoriented from just waking up, I waited. I hated waking up so confused. I wasn't quite sure what was going on with my dreams lately. I'd had this dream for the last few days, and though it was preferable to my other, far more horrible dreams, this one confused me in an uncomfortable way. It wasn't so much of a dream, as a feeling I woke up with. A sensation? A thought. Someone was calling my name. That's all I was able to gather from the fragments left over, was my name being called. It was the oddest thing. I always woke with the reaction I'd have if someone was calling me, interest piqued, ready to respond, but it'd never happened and I'd never actually heard anything at all. This was so different from any other dream I'd had recently, so I had actually no idea how to go about figuring it out. I wanted so bad to figure it out, but I couldn't allow myself time to concentrate on that. The boys were up too. I could hear them talking in the other room. I could hear the sink running downstairs, meaning Heather was already up and making breakfast for us, but she clearly hadn't been the one to call my name, so it wasn't her that woke me up. I doubted Mike was awake yet, and the boys were both still in their room. I took a few more moments to rub my eyes and wake up a little, before I got moving. The daily struggle. I had plans for that bathroom. I hadn't felt up to getting a shower the night before, so I needed one today. I jumped out of bed, opening my bedroom door just as the boys' bedroom door opened up the hall. I darted forward, sprinting into and slamming the bathroom door just a second before Josh reached it. I was closer, so I was faster. "Hurry up in there." He was practically pleading, slapping the closed door with the palm of his hand, "I don't want to have to go outside again because dad's in the shower!" "At least you can go outside." I called back, "Back off." If I was nice, and let him go first, that automatically meant Zack got the bathroom next after him, and that'd make me last to get anything done, and probably last to eat. That didn't work, since I was usually really hungry in the morning. I took pity on him, though, and moved as fast as I could. Coming back out less than ten minutes later to him shoving his way passed me with a whine. "Pushy." I snapped at the suddenly re-closed bathroom door. "I can hold it." Zack had wandered out into the hall, shrugging. I worked on towel drying my hair, fluffing the towel about my head roughly. Mornings were always like this. "What's with all the door slamming out here?" Mike wandered from the room he shared with Heather, obviously having just woken up. It was pretty early, and though I felt bad for waking him up, I'd had reason to hurry into the bathroom the way I had. I turned, tossing the my used towel into the washer, since I couldn't hang it up in the bathroom without waiting a year. "We need another bathroom." Zack muttered, "Like it always is." That wasn't news to anyone. "I'm starving." I muttered in response, turning and wandering downstairs. Having spent the last two weeks here with Heather and the boys, I'd have been lying if I said it was easy so far. Despite it being almost easy in the beginning, when this arrangement became more permanent, things started to change. Little things, nothing major, but those little things easily became big things if allowed to. Today, though, there was a week and a half long trip to New York to visit Mike's sister in Rochester planned. I wanted it to last longer, but we had to be back in time for the very dreaded wedding coming up. The thing that sent me running, Edward and Bella's wedding was still on, and I didn't approve, but then again, that wasn't my life anymore. This was my life, fighting over bathrooms and trying to find my footing in a place like this. Leaving today, the second to last day of July, we'd return around the ninth of August. I learned they were pretty strict when it came to schedules, so I wasn't that worried about being gone too long. Unfortunately. Once we returned, I'd still have three or four days to recover before the day of the wedding. I'd heard talk about me being requested to stay with my family two days before the wedding, but as far as I knew, that hadn't been confirmed. We'd take a few days to get to New York, spend a few days there, and another few days coming back. It was supposed to be about a two full day drive one way, so I had a lot of back seat time to look forward to. Josh mentioned that it usually took them about three full days to get there, what with stopping for the night, bathroom and food stops, and general leg-stretching to avoid murdering each other in the back seat. I'd lived through that trip twice, and though I wasn't looking forward to sitting in the back seat for so long, I was interested to learn more about Mike's family. I knew pretty much everything there was to know about Heather's family, but almost nothing about Mike's. Aside from the fact that Mike had gotten into a fight with his dad when he was eighteen, and came all the way here because of it. He met Heather, and just never went back. Mike's sister's name was Robin, and her husband's name was Scott. Together, they had three kids. Two girls, ironically enough, and one boy. The boys' cousins, named Taylor, Ryanne, and Daxton. Ryanne's name pronounced like the boy's name Ryan, but supposedly the girl version, all because of the stupid spelling. I didn't get the difference when they sounded exactly alike, but that could have just been me. Taylor was my age, just turning eleven in May, but Ryanne was nine and Daxton had just turned seven. From what I heard, we'd all be crammed in the same room as them to sleep while we were there. Just to save money on hotel rooms. All of us kids in the girl's room, and Mike and Heather in Daxton's room. This was going to be fun. Since it was still summer for a few more weeks, Mike decided it'd be a good idea to camp at least once along the way. I'd never really been camping before, so I hadn't the slightest clue what to expect, other than bugs and sleeping on the ground. Zack said something about tents, but that didn't ease me much. He said that tents usually keep all the bugs from crawling all over you while you slept, but the word I heard most was 'usually'. I didn't care. If I woke up to find a giant spider staring at me with its however-many eyes, I'd scream bloody murder. I wasn't entirely sure if my family would follow me around, making sure I was okay, but I hadn't exactly asked. I wasn't brave enough to ask. I felt bad enough with asking them to stay in my life at all. That was a lot to ask of them, considering it had been my choice to leave, but then again, they seemed pretty determined to prove to me that it wouldn't turn out the way I feared it would. It seemed to me that my family had chosen to continue treating this whole arrangement as temporary, where as I treated it as permanent until something changed that. I was mixed up as it was. I didn't need that sort of instability in my life, but I also hadn't exactly had much of a chance to stop and think about it too much. I'd just continue doing all I could to adjust here, which was getting increasingly difficult with each passing day. For now, however, I needed to get through today. One day at a time. Sure enough, Heather stood in the kitchen downstairs, stabbing and flipping pieces of bacon in the skillet on the stove with a fork. I bounced closer, and stole a piece of cooked and cooled bacon sitting on the plate to the side. She jumped at my sudden arrival, laughing a little. "Goodness, you scared me." She sighed, "You just pop up out of nowhere." "I'm good at that." I replied, finding my usual place at the table, "Sorry I scared you." Truthfully, it wasn't hard to startle Heather. I moved so silently without any effort on my part, so I was always startling her. I was quickly learning that she was as jumpy as I usually was. "Sleep well?" She asked, turning to look at me over her shoulder. "Could have been better." I admitted, nibbling on my piece of bacon, "But not too bad." It could have been a lot worse. "I'm sorry." She said, glancing back at me again, "Want to talk about it?" "Nah," I sighed, "It's okay. Just some weird dreams." Weird, and very confusing. "Let me know if you change your mind." She requested, "You know I'll listen." "I know." I did know, "But it's okay." Boy, how that would go? Trying to explain to Heather what went on in this mind of mine would be impossible. Her believing me would be even more impossible. "So are you excited?" She asked, looking back at me. "A little." I laughed, "But nervous too. What if they don't like me?" I'd expressed that worry from the moment I first heard about this little trip. I always worried about whether or not someone was going to like me, but before, I'd just cover that up with the want to kill them. Oddly, I couldn't find that want anymore. Just the nervousness. "You don't have to be nervous." She assured me, "I know they're going to love you." "I hope so." I mumbled, "I'm not good with new people." Understatement, but I was willing to try. For once. "I know." She replied, "Neither am I, so you can just stick with me if you get too uncomfortable, okay?" I nodded, appreciating that. "Mom," Josh came into the kitchen, announcing the arrival of all the boys, "We need another bathroom. Seriously." Zack followed him closely, Mike following them a few steps behind. She