Okay. By now, I know you all know what goes up here. DiSCLAIMER: None of the stuff you recognize as someone else's is mine. Blah blah blah. As always, troublesome chapters will have an 'ImPORTANT NOTE' up at the top, before the chapter so all of you know it's not a very happy chapter. I do that for your benefit, not mine, so pay attention to it. This chapter is fine. No worries there. Minus the language. It's been worse before. Um.. That's about it. Here we go. Chapter One "Get him away from me!" I darted from my seat, "I swear, if he barfs on me one more time, I'm flinging him out the goddamn window!" Unfortunately, three weeks later, my baby half-brother, Hunter, was still around. Apparently, the attempt to give him away was useless, as the state thought the best place for a sibling was with his sister. Something about keeping them together. Just my luck, he had to stay for now until they found a family in the area willing to take him. My family, despite being more than willing to take him in, couldn't make me like the little bastard. They tried to give him space in my room, but after I threatened to kill him in his sleep, they quickly moved him. They knew better than to test it, after I did what I did to our mother. "Oh, Leandra." Alice sighed from where she sat on the couch with him, "It's not that-" "Carlisle!" I called, already heading up the stairs. I knew where to find him these days when he wasn't downstairs. In his office. "Yes?" He stepped out before I could reach the door. I came to a stomping stop directly in front of him. "Get rid of him." I demanded, pointing toward the stairs. He sighed, knowing who I was talking about. "We're trying." He assured me, "There are only so many places-" "Give him to Heather and Mike." I plead, "I can't stand looking at him." "They can't afford-" "Then pay them to take him." I insisted, "Please. Pay them to take him, throw him into the lion cage at the zoo, release him into the wild. I don't care what you do with him, but get rid of him. Puh-leese." My begging this way was a normal thing now. I knew it was mostly jealousy that had me hate the infant, but I couldn't help it. This was my family. "I'm sorry." Alice sighed, exasperated on her way up the stairs. She looked to Carlisle, "I accidentally got too close to her while holding him." That usually triggered these fits. I glared at the baby still in her arms, babbling happily. Naturally, his presence repelled me, but I had a few parting words for him. I pointed my finger in his face, glaring heatedly. "Your days here are numbered." I growled, "Don't get comfor-" I cut off as he grabbed onto my finger, and pulled it into his mouth. I flinched, and stomped again, "Ew! No! Bad baby!" He only laughed as I stormed my way back to the stairs. He was used to me freaking out by now, and found it intensely hilarious, and unfortunately, the rest of my family did as well. All but Carlisle and Esme. The others struggled not to laugh whenever I'd have a fit like this. They wouldn't be laughing if they knew just how much he bothered me just by being here. Every time I saw him, all I wanted to do was sob, and throw up at the same time. It really upset me, and part of me wasn't even sure why. "Get out of my house, you little bastard!" I called back up the stairs as I reached the bottom. I left the house, descending the steps before I actually did start to cry. I couldn't stand this. I didn't like Jack's son being kept in the same house with me, baby or not. I didn't care if he was just a baby. All that mattered to me was that Hunter was there at all, and I had to look at him. Knowing exactly how he was made. Every time he looked at me was a reminder of it, and it made my skin crawl. It wasn't quite as intense of a hate as I had felt toward our mother, but it was quickly getting there. I didn't exactly feel like warming up to the baby that kept chasing me from where I wanted to be. I also didn't exactly appreciate my emotions being laughed at, and waved off. They didn't know how much this was hurting what I'd tried so hard to build. I was probably overreacting, but to me, it was that important. Even Jasper seemed to underestimate how I felt, and that was saying something. I sobbed quietly, kicking a rock as I circled the house. "What's wrong, princess?" I jumped a little at Mikah's voice beside me, "The baby bugging you again?" "They just don't get it." I cried quietly, shaking my head. "Leandra, he's just a baby." Mikah reminded me. "I know ." I sobbed incredulously, "But if you were.. If you.." I trailed off, sobbing, "Never mind. I guess nothing matters anymore." "Now, don't say that." He gently pulled me to a stop, "Really. What's bothering you so badly about him?" "I'm getting replaced again." I cried, and he immediately hugged me. "No you're not." He told me, "You're not." "I can't be in there when he's in there. I can't stand him, because I know. They don't know what that was like." I sobbed into his shirt, hugging him tightly, "They weren't there." "I know." He murmured, smoothing my back lightly, "Have you tried explaining it to them?" "No." I sobbed, "They'd just laugh at me some more, but it's not funny! It hurts!" "So explain it to me." He suggested, "And I'll talk to them." That wasn't such a bad idea, "Tell me, princess. Why does having him around bother you so much?" I took a breath, stepping back away from him. We started to walk again while I gathered my thoughts. When I started talking, it was tough to stop. Some points, it was tough to keep going, but I made myself. The truth was, that was when I fully realized what kind of person I was, and it was so hard to make myself remember it. Surprisingly, more than I had before. More details this time explaining than I could explain before. He stayed silent through my explanation, my recollection of the events that changed me forever, including everything that was said. Everything Jack told her while I peered into the window, and everything she said in reply. How I could ever forget those words was beyond me, but I found myself repeating the things I heard that I'd never repeated before. "I know it seems stupid." I mumbled after a few moments of silence, "But because I know how he was made, and the reason why he was made, I hate looking at him. It's not the fact that he's here that bugs me. It's what he means." "It's not stupid at all." Mikah finally spoke for the first time, "You were.. What? Nine years old? Leandra, that's far too young to hear and see those kinds of things. That, on top of everything else that's happened to you in your life, it makes perfect sense why you'd find yourself bothered so deeply by Hunter." "Nobody else seems to think so." I murmured, looking down. I watched my feet, watching every step I took, "They all just think I'm being silly." "One thing you need to realize, however." Mikah murmured in reply, "Is that right now, he doesn't have anywhere else to go." I kept my eyes down, "The state has made its decision for right now, and that's for him to stay here. Since he.. Really has no parents anymore, they want him to stay with you." I didn't say anything to that. I didn't like what he was saying, even if it was the truth. "Try looking at him differently." He suggested quietly, "Don't see him for what he means. See him as someone. A person who needs help, like you did." "I don't care if he needs help or not." I countered firmly, "Something about him just.. I can't stand it. Just looking at him makes it hard to breathe." "Have you tried?" Mikah asked, "Have you honestly given him a chance?" I kept quiet. I knew the answer to that, but admitting that answer would make him right. He sighed, "For right now, he's here to stay, princess. That doesn't mean you're being replaced. You're not going anywhere, but neither is he. Like it or not, he's family. He's your brother. Just.. Try to adjust." "I can't ." I mumbled, and he sighed. Taking my hand, he led me back toward the house. I knew what he was doing, but I'd had my fit for the morning. I couldn't find the energy for one so soon after the first, so I let him lead me into the living room where Rosalie sat with him. Hunter wasn't a bad baby. He was actually quite easy, but sometimes, he still acted his age. Especially during his crying fits. Sometimes, I could swear he missed mom, because it was so hard to get him to stop crying. I kept my eyes down, crossing my arms over my chest as Rosalie stood with him. She was usually pretty good at avoiding keeping him in the same room as me, but to my surprise, Mikah stopped her. He gestured for him, and Rose hesitated. "It's okay." Mikah told her, and she glanced to me, before handing him over, "I'm pretty good with babies." I listened closer. Something in my mind sort of clicked, and I looked up. I hardly noticed as the room became even more populated. Probably not trusting Mikah that alone with the baby, they slowly filed in. But I paid them no attention. I watched as he held Hunter in his arms. He continued to cry, and he seemed especially fussy this afternoon. I watched Mikah very closely, my arms uncrossing slowly as I leaned forward. In that moment, my memories seemed to clear. The ones of my very early vampire life. Like finally being able to focus. The memories of my early vampire life were still hard to see, but what I'd struggled to remember of Mikah before suddenly cleared, and as they cleared, it was like watching it in real time right in front of me now. The way he held Hunter in his arms reminded me forcefully of who he held in this one particular memory, and I couldn't breathe for a second. The first memory I had of Mikah in my vision, and I truly couldn't figure out what he'd been holding. That's because it wasn't a what, it was a who. How could I have ever forgotten? Remembering this one particular memory seemed to almost painfully unlock all the others involving this one particular person that I never should have forgotten. Like a waterfall, every single detail of my new life, and the months before it came falling into place. I remembered my sixteenth birthday, something that had been hidden from me, and with a rush of emotion, everything after that day became painfully clear. "Leandra?" Esme noticed my sudden emotion. "Edward." I mumbled, looking to her, "I won't remember all this later. Where is he?" "Right here." Thankfully, he was around right when I needed him. I looked back at him, suddenly beginning to cry. "What is it?" Mikah asked, concerned. "Rose, take him from the room." Edward gestured to the baby, which she immediately did so. His crying faded, but my memories stayed clear, and the room stayed crowded. Much like how crowded it had been before when I