A few opening notes: 1) This is a prequel story. Set way before Beneath the Twilight/The Gift of Misfortune. 2) Originally meant as a one-shot, the chapters of this story will be short. Much shorter than my normal chapters. 3) As mentioned in (1), this is a prequel story, so there will be very little of the Cullens in it. I know that's what we all come to see, but this little background piece has been brewing for awhile now, and won't leave me alone. 4) For those who are familiar with my stories, it involves Jack, so it's gotta be rated 'M'. Each chapter that I consider particularly cringe-worthy, I'll place a nice little ImPORTANT NOTE at the top of. 5) For those who are not familiar with my stories, I highly suggest going back and starting at 'Beneath the Twilight - Re-Vamped'. (Re-Vamped is the edited version) It's highly informative, and provides a good bit of reading fun as you progress through the stories. :) I think that's all of them. Just in case there's more of the Cullens than I currently plan, here's a nice, big: DiSCLAIMER! I don't own anything you recognize as SM's handy-work. Majority of the characters you'll see in this story do belong to me and most, I do want to slap unconscious in a fit of rage, but the Cullens do not belong to me in any way. Yada, blah, blah, yada, yada, blah. Now onto the good stuff. Here we go. Chapter One I never knew a small, harmless plastic stick could ever make someone feel so scared. I never expected the fear, the heart-stopping sight of two little lines on said stick to make everything change so quickly. I felt oddly like the floor had just dropped out from under me. A sick sort of dizzying feeling, that made me suspect the world had stopped turning. Biting my fingernail, I reached out to it. Carefully, as if it would bite me if I moved too quickly. I shook, literally trembled as I looked it over. How could this have happened? We were so careful. We were always so careful. I wasn't stupid. I liked to consider myself far from it, but I'd been denying this whole time the fact that it could even be a possibility. Most happily married women would be hopeful, begging for this sort of outcome. Me? I was the opposite. I did everything I possibly could to avoid this from happening. So how on Earth was this happening now? "Shit." I whispered to myself, suddenly remembering as my eyes closed in what nearly felt like despair, "My birthday." And that little party. We'd both had one too many glasses of wine, and threw our caution to the wind. Happy birthday to me. Twenty-one, and now this. Sighing heavily, I lightly tapped my forehead against the wall. I wasn't worried because I thought Chris, my husband, would be disappointed or angry. He would be overjoyed. This was something he'd wanted for awhile now, to start our little family. After being married for a little over two years, and only moving into this three bedroom house just six months prior, he was more than ready for a family. Despite our age. Chris was a very loving man. I was very lucky the moment I found him. He was the kind of guy that people flocked to. Always so positive, and he never failed to give someone a compliment. Almost never in a bad mood. I knew without a single doubt in my mind that he would be a wonderful father. Unlike me, Chris had grown up in a very wonderful family. Being the middle child never bothered Chris, or so he said. Chris' father was a very warm person as well, who'd raised his three sons all on his own after his wife's unfortunate passing when Chris was just a kid. Chris' father had never remarried, but that didn't stop him from teaching his sons to respect women. That was one of the things I loved most about him. It was me I was worried about. I was never one to truly consider being gentle. I was never afraid to speak my mind, and if it came down to it, I'd take the shine right off someone's teeth. People were drawn to me too, but it wasn't for my sparkling personality. They were drawn to me in another way. I wasn't bad looking myself, and I'd always had to fight to protect myself. My line of work didn't particularly promise shelter from those that felt they had to open their mouth, or let their hand wander where it shouldn't. I used to be a waitress at a small cafe in a town nearby, and had been for a few years when I met Chris at eighteen. Just trying to get by. Toughening when I had to, because my soft appearance didn't offer me much protection against those regulars, and an occasional trucker every so often. I was considered small. I was pretty in a very soft, fragile sort of way. I'd never wanted kids, and bringing myself back to the present, the two small lines on the stick I held in my hand worried me. Whether or not I wanted children, it was happening. I was worried because I honestly had no idea how on Earth I would ever be a good mother. My family wasn't worth a hill of beans, and hadn't grown up in a particularly loving environment. My father was worthless, but my mother tried. She tried to keep my brother and I out of it, but there was only so much she could do for us. My older brother had his own family to worry about. One niece and a nephew I'd never met. His wife didn't like me very much, which led to very little contact with my brother. Chris and I had agreed to wait for a few years, to give me time to come to terms with the idea of having children. Little ones of my own. Well, my time was suddenly up. Thanks entirely to having a sip too much, and letting that get the better of my head. The thought of having a little baby looking up at me in nine months was enough to make my nervousness restart the usual morning throw-up. Sleepless nights, millions of diapers. Crying all night, the fear of never knowing. The worry I instantly had over her the second I knew she was in there. It was a feeling I'd had all week, but something I'd denied until I couldn't anymore. I gave in this morning, and headed for the general store. It wasn't a very long trip into town. Walking wasn't something I was allergic to. I liked to walk, and take in the beautiful scenery around me. I'd always loved Washington, with it's lush green life every which way you looked. I pondered all day how I was going to tell Chris when he got home from work. Pacing, and nibbling on some crackers. Oh god, there really wasn't any good way to tell him. I left the stick in the bathroom, stepping back into the bedroom. There was so much around the house that needed done. The small pile of dishes from the night before really needed cleaning, but they would wait. The floor needed vacuumed, but that would wait. I hadn't even thought about dinner that night, but that would wait. The possibilities wouldn't wait. The tears, the worry. The fear wouldn't wait. I sat down on the bed, and I started to cry. I was so afraid. Suddenly so fear stricken, I actually considered calling Chris at work. Something I'd never done. I just didn't want to be alone, but I knew it would wait. We needed all the time he had at work. He worked so hard to make ends meet, just so I wouldn't have to work at the cafe anymore. He relentlessly provided for me, and I worried about what this would do to his job. I began questioning every decision I ever made. Every move I made that could potentially be bad. Hardly without knowing, I went over everything I did in my life, wondering if it could potentially harm her now. I paced again as he came through the door, sighing and chuckling a little as he did so. I made my way out of the bedroom where I'd been wearing a hole in the carpet, unsure. Hesitant. "That rain never lets up, does it?" Chris shook his head, hanging his jacket up, "Hi, baby." He stepped in, kissing me lightly before heading passed me toward the bedroom. Where I'd just passed hours in a calm sort of panic. "Uh.." I mumbled, "Chris, there's something I have to tell you." I turned slowly, almost numbly, and followed him. "Same here." He grinned at me, and I couldn't help laughing a little. He was always so cute when he smiled like that, "You might not like it, but I promise it's a good thing." "Uhm.." I sighed, "You first." "Okay." He said, laughing a little, "Well, you know how I've been asking for extra time at work?" I nodded a little, "Well, they finally gave in. I now work Fridays and Saturdays, because Paul quit. I'm taking his hours." Well, that's the extra income we're going to need. "That's great, Chris." I smiled a little, "Really." "Isn't it?" He chuckled as he sat down on the side of the bed, "I know that just means I'll be away more often, but really. We could use it." "More than you know." I mumbled, biting my nail again. Seeing the worried look on my face, he paused in his quest to remove his boot, reading my expression like an open book. "Is something wrong?" He asked, "Were you still sick this morning?" "That's.." I sighed, "Sort of what I wanted to tell you." He sighed as well, "It's food poisoning, isn't it? That's it. We're never eating at that taco place again." He shook his head, turning, "I'm telling you, we should sue. Any place that makes someone that sick shouldn't be allowed to sell food." "Chris.." I mumbled, but he continued. "And it wasn't even that good." He said incredulously, "Seriously." "Christopher.." I mumbled again. "My boot would taste better." He shook his head again, "I'll make calls in the mor-" "I'm pregnant." I blurted, and he suddenly shut up. I couldn't help laughing a little at the look on his face as he finished his word breathlessly. "-Ning.." If you've ever seen a deer caught in the beams of a car's headlights, you'd know how he looked right then. Frozen, speechless. I don't think I even saw him breathe. In a way, it honestly looked like I'd hit him. I wondered briefly if that was the way I'd looked after just finding out. Just as I'd figured, he wasn't angry. Not in the least. He was shocked, for sure, but he wasn't upset. He was just having a hard time believing what I said. "What?" He asked, "A uh.. You're.. Y-You're, what?" "Pregnant." I repeated, nodding. Though I was sure he'd heard me the first time. "Oh." He muttered, "That's what I thought you said." His voice was so quiet, I had trouble hearing him. It took him a minute. He was obviously going over the days in his head, same as I did. I stepped over, crawling onto the bed, and kneeling behind him. Wrapping my arms around his shoulders, I leaned over and kissed his cheek. I sighed, resting my chin on his shoulder. "H-How..?" "My birthday." I murmured in response, "Remember? Remember when you told me, 'Oh, don't worry. Just this once won't hurt.'" He laughed a little, turning his head and looking at me, "Honestly, no." We both laughed at that one. We both knew he did, but I figured