I am not new to writing, but this is my first story to be submitted onto this site. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I have enjoyed writing it. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella Sitting two seats down the middle isle of the classroom trying to blend in, I looked at the blank white board in front of me, taking in the sounds of the students shuffling themselves into the desks surrounding me. The ruffling of pages and the clicking of pens as the students readied themselves for class surrounded me. I looked from the board to the clock, anticipating the beginning of the last class I had to take. Four years I had been working hard, spending all my free time studying, reading, ignoring the world around me (much to my friend's displeasure). I was taking the final class I needed to get my coveted Masters in English, AP classes in high school, 18-20 credit semesters, including summer, to get me to where I am now, sitting in this class surrounded by freshmen. Freshmen! I wouldn't even have to take this damn class if my advisor hadn't "accidentally" forgotten to tell me I had to. To say I was pissed was an understatement! I did not find it so coincidental that my advisor "forgot" when I found out the great Professor Newton was the one who taught it. Yeah right! He forgot…my ass. Luckily there was such a demand for this class that another slot opened with a different Professor. I didn't know who they were, and frankly, I couldn't give a shit, I knew it wasn't Newton. I could feel the shiver run down my spine just thinking about Newton, that man gave me the creeps. Quick as a fucking flash I dropped out of the one I was enrolled with Newton and signed up for the other. I was scowling down at my paper when the chair next to me scraped loudly on the floor, causing me to jump slightly. I heard a soft chuckle and turned in that direction to give them a piece of my mind only to be met by, not a face, but a perfect, perverted view of a cloth covered crotch. Oh and what a lovely crotch it was! The man's hips were gyrating slightly, making the black material shift and allowing me to see the bulge, and not a small one, barely contained beneath. Fuck me! My eyes almost popped out of my head when he adjusted his stance on the chair and turned a little further my way. I swallowed thickly, the smell of him invading my senses and making my panties dampen slightly. I finally managed to rip my eyes from his crotch to follow it up, past his waistline, which looked slim and lean beneath a crisp white button down shirt, his black tie swaying slightly with his movement. Was he sent here to torture me with his god like body! I heard another light chuckle just before the man stepped down from the chair, forcing me to look into his face at last. Oh My! The greenest eyes I have ever seen were staring back at me before they shifted to my paper and then back at me. There was a smug smirk on his lips as he pushed the chair back in as my face flamed with what I was sure was the deepest shade of red my face had ever been covered with. What the hell was he doing on the chair anyway? I glanced up quickly and noticed the projector was right above my head. Oh. Now I really feel dumb. I looked back into his face and into those green eyes, seconds passed and I couldn't take it anymore, I lowered my eyes quickly and reveled in the fire currently residing on my skin, and that's when I saw it, and I could feel the burn increase. I had been absentmindedly writing on my notebook paper while thinking about the class, Newton, and my current situation. Shit! I slumped slightly in my chair as the man walked away, quietly chuckling once more. I looked at the paper again and internally groaned at what I was reading… Fucking Newton Piece of shit Damn freshmen Can't handle shit Shit class Better pass my ass And there's a fucking poem! My embarrassment had to be very evident on my face and I bent at the waist just enough to smack my head on the table in front of me after watching the man walk to the front of the class and begin writing on the board. Fuck me, obviously this was my Professor. Could this get any worse? "Fuck" I whispered to the table. I looked back up and watched as he wrote on the board. While his back was turned I took in all I could from the angle I had. His slacks were hanging perfectly off his hips and showed one of the best asses I have ever seen. The shirt he wore conformed perfectly to his wide shoulders and the neck was partially covered by the oddest color hair…bronze with highlights of different browns mixed in. It was all over the place and shifted as he wrote, I could only describe it as unruly…sex hair. This was compounded when he ran his and through it. He was a god! And I was fucked! There is no way this man could be a professor. Then he began to speak. Oh Holy Hell! His voice was like velvet and sex as he began to speak, walking from one row of chairs to the next, passing out the syllabus. The girl who had taken the seat in front of me giggled when he handed her a small stack. I could see a slight frown on his face as he moved on to the next row, clearly unhappy by the girl and her giggling ways. I let out a snort, granted not very ladylike, but how could I not. The little shit in front of me heard it and thrust the stack at me with a scowl on her overly made face. I just looked at her innocently, took a syllabus, and passed the stack on. The class seemed to last forever as he spoke about the syllabus and then began a round robin with the students. Great for freshmen, hell for me, I kept trying not to roll my eyes and groan. "Alright, let's get to know each other. Being a writing class, we will be learning some things about each other along the way. On the screen behind me you will find four questions I would like you all to answer to get to know you." He looked around the class waiting for a volunteer, giving up he sighed, "I guess I'll start then" and looked at the projector screen before turning back to the class. "My name is Edward Cullen, I'm 28 years old, this is my second semester instructing here and one thing that may surprise you to know is that I am actually a doctor at the local hospital. My number one hobby is playing the piano." I swear my mouth practically dropped when I learned he was a doctor…at the hospital. Well shit! How come I had never seen him, I've been there plenty enough to have run into him at one point. Cullen, the name was familiar, but I couldn't place the face to the name. And there was no way in HELL I would forget that face. I learned that I was the only senior, big surprise there, fucking Newton, that besides the god himself I was the oldest, and that the bimbo in front of me was only 18, named Jessica, and took this class because she thought it would be easy to pass for her first semester of college. I witnessed Edw…Dr. Cullen scowl slightly. Oops, bimbo did bad. Really, who the fuck actually admits that, in front of their teacher no less. I had to admit I thought this class should be easy as well, but not for the same reasons as she did and I would never say that shit out loud. I was pretty sure I could use some of my work from past semesters to work for this one, this class was going to be a breeze. "Miss Swan?" apparently I spent a little too much time thinking internally. I looked up to find Dr. Cullen looking at me pointedly. "I'm sorry Dr. Cullen?" "I told you I need to meet you after class, so please stay over." Bimbo must have thought I was in trouble because she held a smug look on her face that said "ooo…you're in trouble." How high school is that? "O-ok" I replied, making sure to pay attention to the rest of the class closely. I remained in my seat once class was over to see what he needed. Once the bimbo was done batting her eyelashes and flaunting her cleavage at Edward, pretending to ask questions, he came up to me with his notebook and took the seat next to me. "Now" he began, flipping his notebook open, "I've got a general idea on why you, a Masters student, is here in this class." He looked up from his notebook quickly and I raised my eyebrow in question, silently encouraging him to go on. "I'm going to be honest with you, I really don't think you should have to take this class…but considering the circumstances I'm forced to tell you, you do," he looked almost as pissed as I had been when I found out. "I know this is the only class you're taking this semester besides working on your thesis and I have talked to the dean regarding your case. To say I was astounded to find someone at your level in this class would be downgrading my reaction…with me so far?" I nodded my head, internally wondering what the hell he could possibly need to talk to the dean about, that and what those lips of his would feel like on my skin covering my pink…I mentally shook my head. "Here's the deal" he said, turning his body to look at me head on, not noticing the obvious blush covering my face, or ignoring it. "I know I'm only considered an adjunct here and therefore not usually considered as an academic advisor, but they were willing to overlook that in this case." I was beginning to understand where he was going with this. "Now, you will still be seeing the same person for your thesis, but all academic advising will now come through me. There will be no further communication between yourself and Professor Newton needed" he spat out Newton's name like it left a foul taste in his mouth. His name usually did the same for me, I always felt like I was choking on something rotten while even thinking about him. When I was in the same room with him, I had to hold down the bile that pooled in my mouth. I felt like hugging the man and before I could think about what I was doing that is exactly what I did. I leapt from my seat and hugged him tight around the neck, thanking him profusely. "Um…Miss Swan?" He managed to choke out and I realized what I had done and pulled away from him with a blush and a sheepish look on my face. His eyes were soft with a hint of humor and another emotion I couldn't pin before he covered it. "Sorry" I mumbled. "Quite alright" he cleared his throat "Although I've only been teaching here for two semesters I've had