So, new day, new story. This is my first attempt on Twilight Fanfic. I should tell you that i've already written the whole story and i will post chapters on a weekly basis. It is 6 chapter long and if i want, i may later add an epilogue to it. For now, read knowing that it is a complete story. Disclaimer: Don't own it. This book and it's every character is Stephanie Meyer's property. Hope you guys enjoy! This day had been as good as any that I experienced nowadays. I woke up from that nightmare that hadn't left me still. Even after I had confessed that yes I love Jacob Black enough to be with him. The ragged hole in my chest hadn't healed yet. It was the same shape and size that it was before. But I had controlled the pain somewhat; I focused on the love that Jake showered me with every day. How much he loves me, how can I show him the pain I go through still when he try so hard to make me forget that. And I try too, to forget him. To forget the family that I had dreamed of being a part of. But it was now a mere dream. The reality was Jacob and our somewhat new but very comfortable love. It was a different kind of love too. In this relationship I don't have to be afraid, I don't have to think that he is too perfect to be with me. He was just Jacob. A normal guy except for the werewolf part. The reason that I smile and laugh even after I have broken heart from inside but it was healing, in a really slow pace but it was healing. I have come to the terms that Jake is my love and life now. There was hesitancy in me still. We kissed but I couldn't do anything more. My body always protested against the action that would lead to anything of that sort but he understood my problem and didn't blame me. He said that we will be able to pass that obstacle too. He had been patient with me before when I had said to him that I couldn't be with him and his determination in the end proved fruitful. He had every hope that this time too, I will let him in someday. I was ready for the day ahead. I would go to school and after that, I and Jake made plans to go to a movie. We had planned to meet in Seattle because he had some patrols to run before he could come and meet me. We had planned to meet in a park where we had gone to before and loved it there. We both weren't the picnic type but there was something good, something really natural that let us connect to the nature. So after meeting there we would go to a movie and then eat somewhere there. A night tried to come to surface in my mind. With Mushroom Ravioli and Him. The night that had conform my theories and had me enter the supernatural world. I shook my head trying to clear my mind. It would do no one good if I started to think the times that I had spent with him. Charlie had been near ecstatic when he got the news of me and Jake being together. Though he had talked to Jacob, about not hurting me in the future, while brandishing his gun. It was certainly a funny sight and I wondered how Jake was stopping himself from snorting. After so many test and trials, he had kept his promise of not hurting me. As I got in my Chevy, I thought of cheating again. To think about Edward for a minute, I cheated like that now and then. I had time to get to school so I drove extra slow and allowed myself to drown myself in his memories. I smiled through the pain in my chest; I would always smile when I remember his smouldering gaze, and how he could manipulate me by just a look. His hairs, his smell, everything about him that had attracted me. I remembered him trying to tell me that all these things are the one that makes him dangerous for me. How he underestimated me. I know the real reason he left, I am a thoughtful person and could see from others perspective and I know it took me a little time to understand but I did. How can a vampire be that stupid, I have no idea? He left to protect me, even knowing that I was a danger magnet in myself. Like Victoria wouldn't come after me, like Laurent would be loyal to the vegetarian diet, like I would be able to live without him. He underestimated me and my feelings for him. I wondered sometimes what kind of hell he would be living in, knowing he had left me that day so broken. I remembered Alice telling me once, when James was tracking me that Edward has been alone for a long time and if I would die, he would be alone for another century. I wished he would eventually find someone like I had found Jake. IT may not compare to what I and Edward had, but it was good, I could think my future living with Jake and loving him like he loves me. I stopped thinking about him as I parked my truck in my spot. My performance in school has changed. I was now studying really hard to get into a really good college. Career is the next thing that I wanted to make. Jake were the most important one nowadays and I wanting my second priority to be my career. I had decided my career to be in medical field. Jake and I discussed our future together sometimes, he wanted to build cars. He was already good at that but after studies we were confident, he'll be great. Studies were not the only thing that I concentrated on. I decided I didn't wanted to be helpless in front of my friend; it was time to be Bella again. Angela and Ben were always the ones I talked to. I sometimes talked with Jessica and Mike, but not too much. I had found out who was a true friend and who was not. I didn't ignore them but I didn't particularly make an effort to talk to them. Needless to say Jake was happy that I wasn't friends with Mike. I stepped out of my truck and made my way to my first class. I just wanted the day to end, so I could enjoy a cracking up time with Jake. We always went to those movies that we can joke about all the time. That was our type of date. As the last bell rang, I thought I could just sing from relief. Two days of school freedom. As I was making my way toward my truck, Ben stopped me. "What's the matter Ben?" I asked as I took his presence. He had a blush on his face and looked nervous. He kept stretching and then straightening his blue t-shirt. His bag hung on his right shoulder, his faded black jeans had mud clinging to it, from all the mud on the ground. "I wanted some help actually" he smiled again. I have to say his smile was really childlike. "Yeah, tell me" I said "It's going to be our one year anniversary, so, I was thinking if you can help me plan something." Ben said I smiled, "Of course Ben, I would love to help. What do you want me to do?" "Well, according to forecast, it's going to be sunny that day, so I was planning something outdoorsy but I want it to be just us, so, I can't take her to a park, they are all so full, so I wanted to ask if you can help me find a place like that." An image of a meadow came to my mind. It was still beautiful in my mind, a perfect spot for the two lovers like Angela and Ben. That place should not be in the memory of the person who will only recollect bad memories from it, the place deserved better, and it was a heaven for the couple who really loved each other. I could see Ben and Angela being with each other for a long time and maybe even marrying. They shared something so deep that the hole in my chest hurt to remember that I had felt like that too at some point. "I have just the place for you. But we'll have to leave for that place right after school, if you don't mind." I told him. He looked ecstatic and smiled in such a way that can only come when a person think about the person he really loves. "I owe you one, Bella." Ben said. "You can order home deliver pizza for me." I replied He laughed but agreed and I told him to follow my truck. I knew that I would be late after showing Ben the meadow, so I called Jake. "Hey." I said when I heard him pick up. "Hey, Bella, I was just going out for patrol." He answered. "Yeah, I just wanted to tell you that I will be late for meeting you in the park. Ben is asking for my help for his and Angela's one year anniversary." "You? Helping someone for a romantic day?" He snorted." That would be something to see." "Nobody's asking you for my lack of romance ideas. Beside I can have good ideas. I am taking him to the meadow." I told him smugly. "Aww… I was going to take you there." His tone implied that he was mocking me. "Way to have original ideas Jake. Maybe we should just sit at my sofa and see movie marathon of something." I replied. Although I was joking yet I felt a jolt at thinking that we may celebrate our first year anniversary and many more. "Ah, you always know how to make my day, love." I felt a jolt at that because He called me that. I gulped. "Yeah, now I am hanging up. Ben would be thinking that my truck had decided to not move at all if I kept him waiting any longer." "That can happen. But yes, I've got to go too. I love you." "Love you too." I clicked the end button and started my truck. I couldn't help but see all the memories flickering in front of me. I didn't stop them. Sometimes to know something was real was to face the pain that it had brought on you and I didn't want Edward to fade into nothing. After all first love should always be remembered. I glanced in the rear view now and then to check if Ben was following me and he was. There was stinging in my eyes but I refused to cry. The meadow now consisted of others memories too. It was supposed to be for a Bella and Edward who were together but they were not here now. I have tainted it with the memories of me and Jake together when we went hiking and I enjoyed those memories because they kept me away from the hole. I could see the point from which the trail started and stopped my truck there. The map and compass was always there in my truck and it was becoming rather easy for me to find my way through the place. I knew that it would take us at least three hours to get in and out if we went in a fast pace. "Is this it?" Ben asked gesturing toward a trail. "No, it is nowhere near the trail." I answered and started toward the edge of forest. Ben looked surprised but