I own nothing except the idea for the story. Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling. I just like to play with the characters. I am posting a couple of stories over the next few days, then I am taking a break from writing. I have many stories that need finishing, yet I can't seem to find any inspiration. It seems my muse has left, hopefully she will return soon. The first few weeks after the Battle of Hogwarts, Harry Potter was concerned, Ginny Weasley and Hermione Granger would both acting strange. A month later Harry could not believe what had happened to him. Even though it was very different from a man's point of view, he was still deeply hurt. He knew he could not let what happened be swept under the rug, he had to press charges. When Harry tried to tell the aurors that Ginny Weasley had forced a potion into him which gave him an erection then she petrified him so she could have sex with him, they refuse to take any action, even with Harry yelled that he had been raped. Right after the death of Voldemort Harry had stayed with the Weasley's, that's when things seemed to change. Harry couldn't believe the way Ginny behaved, or Hermione, she shocked Harry more than Ginny did, but it seemed no one cared how he felt, so he wasn't going to care about them. When the aurors refuse to take action that's when he decided to put some plans into action and hoped one day he would get back at those people who hurt him or refused to help. Ever since Harry had defended Severus Snape, that was when his so called friends found out that Harry and Severus had been seeing each other in secret for two years, everyone had turned their backs on Harry. It didn't matter that he had walked to his death to save everyone, it didn't matter that he killed Voldemort which brought the end of the war and brought peace for the first time in more years than anyone could remember. All they saw was Harry lied to them and now they were going to make his life a living hell. First was Ginny who wasn't going to let Harry have anything to do with the child she was carrying and second had been Hermione who explained she had also fallen pregnant to Harry when she had him petrified. No one apart from Harry and Severus knew what Hermione did, she admitted she loved Harry and had for years. When she found out he was gay and with Severus Snape she went crazy, attacking Harry with her wand and her fists before finally giving him the same potion that Ginny had used. Ginny did offer Harry the chance to share in their child's life, Harry had to marry her to do it. He refused and told her she could go to hell, he had the love of his life and she wasn't anyone he wanted to know. Harry got some satisfaction when he told her and the rest of the Weasley's he wouldn't marry her. They all believed Harry would so he could see his child, they were shocked again when Harry punched Ginny in the face, knocking her out cold, then he apparated away. Harry and Severus headed overseas to get away from the ridicule, the talk, the lies that were being printed every day. So even though Harry knew Ginny and Hermione were going to give birth to his children, no one would allow him to ever see them or have anything to do with the children. Over the years Harry did occasionally use his power to spy on his daughters and one thing he hated was the fact Molly Weasley was looking after them full time while Ginny went ahead with her dream of playing quidditch and Hermione was also working her dream job at the ministry. No one but Severus knew how powerful Harry was, that the moment the horcrux was destroyed it released all Harry's power but also the part of Voldemort's soul that had been inside him had also given Harry his power as well. It was also combined with three items, the deathly hallows. Harry Potter was more powerful that any witch or wizard in history, even more powerful than Merlin. So Harry settled into being an auror in Australia and with his power and how quickly he found any dark witch or wizard, he was made deputy head auror in the third year. By the end of four years there was no more crime in Australia, not even in the muggle world as Harry and his aurors would go under cover and take care of those crimes as well. That was when Harry Potter became head auror. During this time Harry would lend himself out to other countries to help with their crime which made other countries crime free. But any witch or wizard who wanted to do anything against the law all decided to leave those countries and headed to the one country where anyone using dark magic never seemed to get caught, England. Harry had made sure to put statements out after his many arrests that if any criminal was smart they would move to England as those aurors and hit wizards were the worst in the world, that wouldn't know a dark wizard or witch if they had dark magic used in front of them. Harry had received an angry letter from the minister for magic from Britain, naturally he had no idea who Harry was. He wrote that he owed an apology to the English aurors and hit wizards. Harry wrote back and said check the records and if there were worst statistics then he would apologise, Harry never heard from them again. Severus had set up his own potion making business, naturally he used a different name even though the people in Australia didn't care about his past, they cared that he was able to make potions that cured a lot of ailments. One potion that was popular that only he supplied was to cure bad eyesight completely. Another potion that Severus invented and only administered himself was one that cured mind damaged to those people who had been held under the cruciatus curse for too long. He received requests from all over the magical world and Severus would arrive to administer his potion, the only time he ignored requests was from Britain. Just like Harry, Severus refused to aide that country in any way for their treatment of Harry, the young man that saved their world. Back in England the Minister for Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt called an emergency meeting. The old order of the phoenix was present, the aurors, the hit wizards and the heads of every department was present along with anyone important in the ministry. 'Crime has gotten out of hand, we need to take drastic measures. We got word that one person has organised all the dark witches and wizards so now they all look to him, the new Lord Voldemort he is calling himself. After a lot of research I found that we are the only country in the magical world with crime. There is this head auror in Australia that has cleaned up that country then he helped other countries. That is when all the criminals decided to head here, it seems they heard our law enforcement squads were hopeless and I hate to admit it but they are right. No arrests have been made in the last three years, people are being killed in broad daylight and in front of witnesses, yet they are never found.' 'Can we request this head auror to come here to help and maybe explain to our squads why he is so successful?' 'I have and all my requests have not been responded to, so I need two of you to head over there and speak with him. So Gawain and Ron, you two leave tomorrow, the port key will be ready to leave by twelve.' Gawain and Ron nodded then left the office, they weren't sure if this trip would be quick or not, but they also knew it could take a lot of discussion to have this head auror agree to assist them. So they both headed home to pack for an overseas trip that neither of them knew how long it would take, whether it was a day or a month, they had no idea. 'Now to this potions master that has refused to help the victims of the cruciatus curse. All our attempts to persuade him has failed.' 'Why would he help others and not us Minister?' 'Well Mr. Longbottom, it seems he holds a grudge against this country, it is Severus Snape. So far we have not been able to speak with him as his potions labs are enchanted along with his home. From what I have been able to find out it was Harry Potter that used some spells he invented to keep anyone from finding them. So many dark witches and wizards have tried to break these enchantments and ended up in hospital or dead. Whatever Harry did made their wards unbreakable. It seems since Harry feels everyone turned their back on him he is making sure Severus does not help the people here that need it. We are going to send a few healers over there in the hope they can talk to one of them, hopefully Severus and he will change his mind once he hears the truth.' 'After the way Harry was treated, there's no way. Snape is very protective of Harry, we all saw it, so he won't do anything to help us. Surely we have potions masters that can work out how this potion of his works, someone must be better than him.' 'I'm afraid not Hermione, Severus has protected his potion with some type of spell. It does not show up in the patients so we have no idea how he makes it. And there is no one better than Severus Snape when it comes to potions.' 'Then my parents will never be healed and they are suffering more every day. If Harry won't help us Snape never will,' Neville sighed. 'Don't give up hope Neville, I'm sure once the healers explained how the patients here are becoming worse they will get the potion,' Hermione said encouragingly. No one in that room believed Hermione, not after the way Harry Potter was treated. The only way would be to offer an apology and maybe give Snape some type of modern and expensive potions lab. Even then they have no idea if anything would work. The following day Gawain and Ron arrived in the Australian ministry. They had an appointment with the head auror at one, so the two men sat in the cafeteria to have a cup of coffee while they waited. As they drank their coffee they watched and listened to everyone else that was there. One thing they both realised, everyone was relaxed, happy and seemed to be friendly with everyone. There was no scowling, not snide remarks, no bad comments or bad looks of any kind. 'It's like everyone loves their jobs and their lives, it's not natural boss.' 'I agree, but notice that everyone seems to be dressed in very expensive robes, their shoes are also expensive. One name I saw on the back of this blokes robes was maintenance, yet his in the same type of robes, expensive.' Gawain and Ron watched and listened, it seems everyone that worked for the ministry earned the same amount of money, even the minister himself. They had no idea why they did this or how it worked, but they did not have time to sort it out as they had a meeting to attend. So the two men finished their coffee and headed for the lifts which took them to the magical law