A/N: This story was started a bit before 'Master of Death'. Starts out with Hermione in the summer after GoF. Somehow all my OCs are called John. I will work on this story in between some of the Chapters of 'Master of Death'. Disclaimer: It belongs to J.K. Rowling. All but the plot and John. It had been a long day at the local library for Hermione. While on the summer holidays, she always tried to keep up with the things she would have learned in muggle school. After being all but thrown out by the librarian, she turned to walk home. As it was a mild summer and she liked to think while walking, Hermione didn't deem it necessary to bother her parents to pick her up. She was walking trough a rather dark passageway between two buildings, when she heard steps behind her. The sound roused her from her thoughts and she hastened her own gait to get through the passage before the person behind her could catch up. 'If only Harry were here.' The thought came unbidden and she almost stopped mid-step. Recently her thoughts seemed to center more around her male friend, than they had before. She didn't know why, she had liked Victors attention last year around, but that seemed to be geared toward satisfying her budding teenage hormones. Harry had never shown any romantic interest in her, the only girl he seemed to fancy was, of course, the beautiful and exotic Cho Chang. She knew that her other friend, Ron, had interest in her, at least he didn't want her to be with anybody else. He had been extremely jealous of Victor Krum, when he had taken her to the Yule Ball. She also didn't like the thought of being a kind of fail-safe for him, so he wouldn't be alone if he "couldn't land someone better". She had almost reached the end of the passageway, when a man stepped from the shadows and stopped her with his body, Hermione bumped into him, excused herself and went to walk around him as he grabbed her by the arm. 'Now I really wish Harry was here.' She went to grab her wand, found her pocket empty and remembered leaving it on her nightstand, so she wouldn't accidentally use it. 'Damn...Why did I do that? I am a witch god damn it!' "Hey there Beautiful! Don't go already, we could have a party you and I...and a few of my friends of course." The man was strong and twisted her arms on her back. Hermione felt sick from the implications he veiled so very thinly in his words. As he turned her around she saw a second man behind her. He brandished a knife and slowly advanced on her. "NO...STOP!" Hermione screamed but the two men just laughed. As the second man lifted the knife to cut her shirt open, a voice from the entry to the passage behind them stopped him. "I wouldn't do that if I were you!" The voice was quiet and kind of cold but easily cut across the alley. The man who still held Hermione by her arms turned to the voice and there stood a shadow with broad shoulders. After the first shock had passed, Hermiones captor regained his bravado. "Who is going to stop us … you? You better don't mess with us and quickly head along, before you get hurt." As the man answered, Hermione swore she heard laughter in his voice. "I doubt it would be me who is getting hurt, but go ahead be my guest. I can not stand by and let you hurt the lady." The man with the knife laughed and, after a quick look to his compadre, he advanced on the man who stood at the mouth of the alley. As he was mere steps away, he charged and tried to stab the man. The stranger grabbed the hand that held the knife and twisted it around. The sickening crunch of grating broken bones was a bit overly loud in the confined space of the alley. It was quickly drowned out by the pained scream of the owner of said broken bones. A few, almost gentle, taps with the tips of her unknown savers fingers and the knife wielding man sank into blissful unconsciousness. Hermiones captor roughly pushed her to the ground, dislocating her shoulder in the process. As she couldn't use both hands to break her fall, she hit her head on a dumpster and then slid down to the ground. She felt very sick, her ears were ringing and the passage seemed to spin around her. 'Great, now I have a concussion.' From squinting unfocused eyes, she saw the man who had held her captive charge the stranger. The man just pulled something out of his pocket and suddenly his assaulter knelt on the floor throwing up and crying softly. Now Hermione had to throw up as well, she noted on the side that, since she had not moved much, most of her semi digested lunch landed on her. Meanwhile her savior ('Hopefully' she thought) had closed in to the kneeling man and, after a quick jab to his temple, he joined his friend unconscious on the floor. The stranger calmly walked over to her, and she regarded him with heavily unfocused eyes that were starting to close. "Don't fall asleep. You've got a concussion, talk to me. What's your name? Mine's John." "E-Mione." Hermione mumbled as best as she could. "Pleased to meet you, Hermione. Stay with me a moment longer." He had taken a small bag from his coat and seemed to look for something inside of it. He reached for her and tilted her head back. A fowl smelling liquid was poured in her throat and the second she swallowed, her head began to clear. Her eyes refocused and her stomach settled. "You're a wizard!" she gasped. Taken aback he looked at her. "You're a witch then?" Hermione quickly nodded. "Well, that saves me the trouble of oblivating you." She tried to push off the floor but her dislocated shoulder screamed in pain. "Can you help me?" She gasped. "My shoulder is dislocated." John helped her off the floor and the reached for her arm. "This is going to hurt." She nodded at him, he gave her arm a quick pull and she felt her joint slide back in its socket. Hermione gave a quiet whimper of pain and he searched through the bag once more. He handed her a small bottle with a violet potion in it. "For the pain and it will relax the tensed up muscles in your shoulder." Lastly he took out his wand, used a cleaning spell on her to make the vomit on her clothes disappear. For the first time Hermione now took a conscious look at the man who saved her from a potentially horrible fate. He was young, younger than she would have thought, no more than one or two years older than herself. He was handsome in a dark kind of way and looked very much like a bad boy. Dark hair and eyes, dark clothing and the heavy leather coat, which should normally be to warm to wear on a nice day like this. Boots, that looked like they were made for combat, rounded of the ensemble. "Thank you,...John was it?" Hermione held out her hand. "I am Hermione, Hermione Granger." John grasped her Hand. "John, John Avalon. May I accompany you home on this fine evening my Lady?" Laughing her nervousness away, she answered. "You may kind sir." They were silent as they walked, neither wanting to break the comfortable silence that had fallen on them. As they reached Hermiones Home, she turned to him. "Can I offer you anything, a glass of water or a cup of tea? It's the least I can do for you." "No thank you I am fine. But maybe you would be interested in going out for coffee tomorrow?" "I would like that." "I'll swing by on 4 PM tomorrow." He pulled a card from his pocket. "This is my phone number. Just call if anything at all comes up." She took the card and he turned to walk away. "See you tomorrow." She called after him, but he had already disappeared. After entering she greeted her parents and they told her, that a letter had arrived for her while she was gone. Picking it up, she saw the slender script of Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of the Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. Curios as to what the letter might be about, she broke its seal and began to read. Dear Miss Granger, Harry will be relocated to a secure location on the day after tomorrow. Of course he will want to have his friends there as well and if you so wish and your parents allow for it, we will relocate you as well, tomorrow. When you have reached your decision, call for my phoenix Fawkes, he will bring your answer to me. Hope you are well and enjoying your summer Albus Dumbledore Headmaster 'Great, I get asked on a date once... oh well at least I get to see Harry again.' A slight flutter in her stomach made her smile. She rushed down to tell her parents the news and while they were not ecstatic about it, they were happy that their daughter had friends that wanted her to join them. They allowed her to go, still the magical world mystified them. Hermione quickly ran up the stairs to jot down a short reply to Dumbledore and called for Fawkes who appeared in a bout of flames and picked up her reply, only to disappear in the same fashion. She took John's card from her pocket. "Better call him now." She muttered. Going downstairs to the family living room. She called his number and after it rang for three times, an answering machine picked up. Hermione left John a message saying that something had come up and she would not be able to make it for their date tomorrow. She told him that she didn't know when she would be available again, as she would visit boarding school during the year, but maybe they cold meet up over Christmas holidays. Emma Granger came into the living room, wiping her hands on a kitchen towel, and raised a questioning eyebrow at her daughter. "What is it about going out for coffee I hear?" "Well mom, believe it or not, your daughter was asked out today. By a nice young man by the name of John. But just as well, the first time someone asks me out, I leave the next day." Hermione smiled wryly at her mother. "Well maybe you could go for a coffee with that boy from school, what's his name? Harry?" Alice smiled as she ribbed her daughter good fashionedly. "Mom, Harry is just a friend of mine. I doubt he will ever ask me out." Her mother rolled her eyes at her. "Really dear? Since first year every letter you send home contains at least his name, every second sentence you speak when at home starts with his name. I know you have another friend at school, yet I barely even know his name. You hardly ever speak of him." Hermione blushed. "Okay Mom. I would love to date Harry, but I doubt he wants to date me." Smiling cryptically, Emma told her daughter. "You never know sweety." Her mother returned to the kitchen, leaving Hermione alone with her thoughts. After a few minutes she shook herself out of her musings, she had to pack after all. The rest of the day went by uneventful, and early the next day she was picked up by professor McGonagall. Her Transfiguration Teacher handed her a piece of rope, which would activate and turn into a portkey at the tap of a wand. When they arrived, Hermione was