A/N: I would like to thank Philosophize for reviewing. I have now reformatted the first chapter the second will follow soon. I want people to enjoy my writing, not give them headaches with it. :-) I hope it is somewhat easier to read now. Disclaimer: I don't own anything, apart from the plot and a character. A six year old Harry Potter rolled into a tiny ball inside his cupboard. He tried and failed to take all of his weight from his injured right arm. Today had been the day his first year at school had ended, both he and Dudley had gotten a letter for the Petunia and Vernon Dursley and whatever had been written in his, it had made them quite mad at him and uncle Vernon had beaten him worse than ever before. Unbeknownst to Harry, his arm had been broken several times. Shifting around until the pain in his arm had become a dull throb, Harry drifted off to sleep and his magic tried to heal him, though as he had been starved from early on, the magic could not kick in. He couldn't know, but as he never got enough to eat, his magic filled in for the lack of food. This kept him reasonably healthy, but constantly depleted his core. A byproduct of the strain was the growth of his core to abnormal proportions, all in hope to keep a little more magic on hand, but as soon as strange things happened around him, the beatings got worse. This time it seemed as if there was just not enough of his magic left to patch him back up. The healing tried to start, creating low level pulses of magic. It was not enough to get the attention of an average wizard or witch...but enough for something else. A shapeless specter drifted into existence just mere feet in front of number four, privet drive, curios about the short magical strobes that drifted into the different planes of the universe. Having been a human long ago, so long it had nearly forgotten that time, the specter floated through the wooden door and through the staircase to find a little boy in a confined space, locked in as it seemed. 'Humans...' It thought to itself. Reaching out with its mind, it found the core of the little being completely drained of all magic. Taking a bit of the ambient power around the house, the being reformed it and fed it into the boys core. The healing magic took hold, bones straitened and bruises vanished. Still intrigued about the boy, it felt around his core and found it cracked in places where the magic bled into his body. It...no he... the specter reminded himself of being male...he remembered what made him what he was today, an accident that should have annihilated the entire village he had lived in, as his core broke it should have had exploded. Instead from the need to protect everybody around him, he had channeled all of the magic into his soul, binding it to magic itself. He had nearly died then but as he came around he found himself to be quite immortal, while his body could still be destroyed, his soul remained. He found he could tap into his magic, as well as the energy around him. The disembodied soul made a decision then, he was alone, the only one of his kind and, if he was honest about it, alone for now far to long. He reached out once more and found the cracks in the young boys cored, hesitating only for one moment he pressed down to break it completely and simultaneously he funneled every ounce of magic into the boys soul. After the change was complete the body of the child would experience quite a few changes. Chuckling in his own mind the specter moved away, he would keep watch on the boy and if necessary, he would once more become corporeal. As Harry awoke the next morning his body was aching all over, but at least the pain in his arm had subsided. He fumbled around in the dark for his glasses, only to see them quite clearly once his eyes had adjusted. He shrugged and left them on the ground, sat up and waited for his aunt to unlock the door. He heard the lock and his aunts shrill cry for him to get off his lazy behind and prepare breakfast. Harry got up and opened the door and immediately noticed that the world seemed to have gained quite a few additional colors in the last night, colors he had no names for. If he had to describe it though, he would have said the sky had a decided touch of crimson. Only it wasn't really there and the sky looked still quite normal. He entered the kitchen and noticed that his relatives also had gained a bit of color over night. His uncle, an ugly shade of orange to begin with, turned deep red as he entered. His aunt had a sickly pale green about her that deepened in color as she looked at him. His cousin Dudley however was the craziest shade of purple he had ever seen. It didn't change with him and stayed just the way it was. That all was new only that the kitchen didn't look any different than most other days. It was almost as if he had earned a new sense last night. His aunt snapped at him. "Are you going to stand there all day just as lazy as your good for nothing parents or are you actually going to prepare breakfast." With this she shoved him to the stove and handed him a frying pan. After making breakfast and feeding on what his relatives left him, which wasn't much, Harry went outside to a playground to while away the day. As he crossed over the border of number four, he noticed he left the crimson behind he had noticed earlier. Turning around he saw a dome over the Dursley house, it was crimson in color and tiny symbols seemed to flit across. Shaking his head Harry continued to the playground, thinking that maybe uncle Vernon had hit him so hard, he had a concussion. The symbols he had seen on the crimson... WARD... Harry stopped as the word entered his mind unbidden. He shook his head as he sat down on a swing. Anyway the ward had all these... RUNES ... on it. Harry stuck his finger in his ear and twisted. It was almost as if his mind whispered in his ear. He then tried to think of an explanation to it and …. MAGIC ... "I don't understand." He didn't realize he talked out loud. "What is happening to me?" Harry didn't expect an answer, so he was all the more shocked to get one. " You...are...wizard. " He jumped at least a foot in the air. "Who are you? Where are you?" " Don't...know...everywhere...nowhere...hard to explain. " "Explain to me what wizard means?" " You can do...magic. " The voice became clearer, easier to understand. "How did this happen?" " Last night you were...hurt...magic tried to...heal you...but you had none left. You're magical...core was...cracked, it would...explode. I bound magic to your soul,...hard to explain for now. " Harry thought of what would have happened if the voice was right. Would he have exploded through one of Vernons beatings? " Yes. " "What now thought?" " These people beat you often? " "Hm?...Oh yeah, that's because I'm a freak. I don't know why exactly I'm one, but my uncle made sure to tell me that he hit me because it would make me less freakish." " It's not true...and you know that. Your uncle hits you, because he likes to hit you. " "Yes I know, but I have no other family left but them. There is nowhere to go." " Maybe there is...wait. " The specter had to focus hard, after over 100 years of disembodiment, he had trouble to concentrate on what it felt like to have body. Harry watched in amazement as a man stepped from seemingly thin air. The body warped a few times before it settled. "Have you been talking to me?" "Yes" the man looked about. "now would you like to leave your relatives and live with me? I would train you, my magic is like yours." Harry thought about this for a moment, what could possibly happen, he was already in a waking nightmare. This stranger couldn't be much worse. "Yes" Harry looked down. "But first you have to put on some clothes." The man looked down and seemed to only now realize he was naked. A wave of his hand later and he was dressed in a three piece suit that was outdated, but still fashionable. "Then let us go. I will now be Jonathan Potter, your uncle, brother to your biological father." "But I thought my father had no siblings. Won't they know?" "No they will remember me...everybody will." Harry frowned at this cryptic statement. As they reached number four the newly christened Jonathan Potter took Harry by the hand and knocked on the door. It was torn open so hard it almost flew from its hinges. A large man stood in the frame. He looked at Harry and then back at the man who held him by the hand. Vernon Dursley beamed a fake smile at the man. "I hope my nephew didn't break anything." "No, not at all." "Oh good then." Harry felt his upper arm bruise as his uncle grabbed him and pulled him inside. Vernon tried to slam the door shut, only to have the door explode. The pieces froze in the air long enough to admit Jonathan and then the door reassembled itself. Vernon sputtered and looked at him white as a ghost. "You are one of t-t-them." Jonathan pulled himself up to his full height. "If you mean that I'm a wizard then yes." Vernon now grew purple, Harry felt his arm break under the grip of the enraged man. He gave a small pained gasp. Jonathans eyes narrowed. "Please unhand my brothers son this instant." "Your...your brother!" Vernon shoved Harry to him. "Here take him then. If I had known there was somebody else who could take him, I would have been rid of him years ago and now out of my house!" Jonathan had meanwhile looked Harrys arm over, discovered the clean break and with a wave of his hand, healed it back up. Then he turned his hand to Vernon and the obese man rose up and stuck to the wall. "Harry please wait outside. I just want to have a short chat with your other uncle." Harry looked for a moment like he wanted to object, then he turned around and walked out the door. Jonathan turned back to Vernon after Harry had shut the door. "Well Vernon, I wanted to go easy on you, but you had to go ahead and break his arm." Vernon wanted to shout but found himself unable to. Jonathans eyes turned all green and started to glow. He touched Vernons temple and started to whisper in his ear. Vernons eyes grew wide and his hair turned completely white. His eyes rolled up until only the whites were visible. After almost a minute of whispering Jonathan let him drop to the floor and left. Three months later Vernon would disappear without notice, his company eventually declared him missing. Police entered the house of four privet drive to find Petunia Dursley locked in the cupboard under the stairs, where she had starved to death. Dudley Dursley had been beaten so badly he was barely alive, he was saved but required counseling for the rest of his live. He was found in his padded cell at the age of 35 where he had committed suicide after a lenient nurse had left a razor