A/N: I originally uploaded this on my one-shot imprint series, but figured it would get better views here, so here it is! Here's a cheeky one-shot of my take on the classic imprinting between Kim and Jared. Enjoy! :-)) DESCENT "Jare-" "SHHHHHHHH!" Paul rolled his eyes for the fourteenth time in a single hour. "Ja-" "SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" "JARED!" Paul had been patient for too long. Annoyance was beginning to bubble up inside him and he found himself wanting to rake his claws across his best friend's face. "Jare." Paul sighed, looking at the wide-eyed boy next to him with exasperation. "Don't you think she would be here by now if she walks this way?" Paul slumped against the tree and ran a hand through his dark, newly cut hair. Jared shrugged. "She walks home this way- I think ." Jared muttered, his exceptionally sharp eyes peeled back for any sign of the stunning goddess he'd laid eyes on in class. " You think. " Paul rolled his eyes again. He may as well just keep them rolled all the way back into his head. His best friend was an idiot. Jared Cameron and Paul Lahote had gone back to school three days ago, after two weeks of missed school. Both were on edge the whole day, and it was their very last class that turned everything onto its toes. As usual, Jared slumped down in his seat, paying no attention to anyone around him. Paul sat right behind, his hood draped on his head and pulled over his ears, in an attempt to muffle out the every sound that bounced off the floors and walls of the tiny classroom. The bell rang shrilly and Jared grit his teeth at the piercing sound that made his head rattle. His fists clenched and his body convulsed. He had spent too much time inside- he needed out. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see his deskmate tense and shy away from his trembling body. Calm down. Calm down. Calm down. Can't let anyone see. Can't let anyone see. Can't let anyone see. The words were bouncing off the walls in his mind, making his head pound with pain. The teacher began to drone on about some stupid math terms, before her eyes shifted to Paul and Jared, widening in surprise when they both appeared in class after a two week disappearance. "Paul? Jared?" Paul didn't bother to raise his head, only grunting in acknowledgement. Jared peered his eyes up from his slumped over position, hoping he looked somewhat mentally sane. "Take your notes, boys." the teacher took pity on the two boys who looked positively tortured. "Paul." Jared hissed, turning around and poking his friend's head with his hand. Paul grunted. "You got a pencil?" Jared knew Paul wouldn't have answered, even if he did own a pencil. Sighing, he pat his friend's head reassuringly. Jared turned his head to his deskmate, whispering quietly. "Can I borrow a pencil?" The person behind him tensed at his low voice, digging their fingers into their pencil case and handing him a pencil quietly. "Thanks." Jared mumbled, his eyes finally meeting with his desk-mate's. Jared inhaled sharply and began to tremble, his eyes widening comically, refusing to blink. Beautiful did not even begin to describe the absolutely stunning girl sitting just inches away from him. Her skin was a russet bronze, the sunlight streaming through the cracks of the blinds and bathing her skin in its golden rays. Her nose had a gentle, light curve, just a bit different from the trademark Quileute nose. Her eyes, perfectly dark and rich, were deep-set and framed by unusually long and naturally curled lashes. Jared thinks that her eyes would smoulder if they reflected the light of a bonfire. Her hair, dark, wispy, and slightly tangled, was strung back into a half-hearted braid. Jared found himself wanting to reach out to her face and twirl a lock of her hair. "Beautiful." Jared breathed, marvelling at the dark blush that took over the girl's face. She audibly gulped, meeting eyes nervously with the boy who was suddenly enamored with her. The two stared at one another for a long moment, both taking in each other's appearance. He looks so old now, thought the girl vaguely. Just two weeks ago, Jared Cameron was a gangly, goofy boy who had yet to grow into his body. He had been cute back then, everyone able to see the potential for such attractiveness after a few years in his boyish face. No-one expected him to come back and look like a hot twenty year old who spent all his time at the gym. Paul was the same too, though the boy was already quite attractive to begin with. Jared's eyes broke gaze first, travelling down to the girl's notes and looking over her neat, tidy printing. The name "Kim" was written at the top of the page. "Kim," Jared whispered, watching Kim's eyes widen slightly. Jared felt a slight thrill in knowing her name. His lips cradled her name carefully, safely. "Hi, Jared." Kim whispered. Her voice was innocently sultry, whispering lowly so she would not draw attention to herself. She sent Jared a small, nervous smile and averted her gaze back to the front of her class, her pencil gliding smoothly over her paper. Her expression was otherwise serene and calm, but her quickened heartbeat spoke otherwise. She was scared of him. "Fuck." Jared muttered, eyes wide and still staring at the enchanting creature sat just inches away from his body, yet miles apart from any sort of sensible contact with him. At Jared's low cuss, Paul perked up, peeking his eyes from under his hood to find his best friend staring at his deskmate with comically wide eyes. Kim Connweller was the girl he was staring at. Paul's gaze darted between Kim and Jared, watching with narrowed eyes as his best friend continued to moon over an obviously uncomfortable girl. "Jare." Paul muttered under his breath, Jared giving the tiniest tilt of his head. He had heard him. "The hell is wrong with you?" Paul hissed. "If you wanna screw her just say so and bounce." And apparently, Paul had said the wrong thing at exactly the wrong time. Jared began to shake and convulse, which led Paul to cuss under his breath and shoot up from his seat. His large hands grasped Jared's shoulders roughly and attempted to drag him out of the classroom, a heated, whispered conversation ensuing between the two boys. The teacher had attempted to stop them, but she was promptly ignored. "Jare!" Paul snarled quietly. Jared, the calmest of all three wolves, would not be the one to blow their cover. "You gotta calm down! Let's go!" "No." Jared growled back angrily, glaring venomously at Paul. "I'm staying." His tone was absolute. Paul had never seen Jared's eyes so determined. "Why?" Paul couldn't help but shout, making the floor rumble and his classmates jump in fright. Jared's jaw clenched and his eyes darted over to Kim, who was watching the exchange with wide, guarded eyes. Jared cringed at the expression Kim wore. She looked like a deer backed up against a rock in the face of a hungry wolf. Although she was endlessly beautiful, he could not watch her like that for any longer. Paul's eyes followed Jared's gaze, and widened as he realized what had happened. "Oh." Paul said dumbly, with wide eyes and a sheepish expression. "Well, shit." Was his only remark before sitting down in his seat, and shutting up for the rest of class. "This is getting ridiculous, Jare." Paul muttered dryly, shifting his rear-end on the stone he was sitting on. "My ass is going numb. I want to go home." Paul continued to complain, glaring at the back of Jared's head as he peered out from behind the bushes. "Why the hell am I even here?" Paul whined, silently fuming in his seat and wishing he brought a sandwich or something. "You need to back me up," Jared explained quietly, eyes still peeled for the girl who had suddenly stolen his heart. "If I say something stupid-" " When you say something stupid." Paul corrected. "I need you to back me up, so I don't seem insane." There was a pause in the conversation, the sounds of the forest filling in the gap before Paul spoke again. "That stare you gave Connweller already made you look insane behind the eyes, Jare." Paul spoke dryly, a stark difference in comparison to his ass, which was beginning to become damp from the water-sodden tree-trunk he sat on. "SHIT!" Jared exclaimed, tumbling back into a prickly bush, erupting into another round of swears as the thorns poked at his skin. "Jesus, Jare." Paul remarked, watching his best friend brush off the last of the thorns and leaves. "She's right there!" Jared hissed in panic, missing one leaf in his hair but Paul figured he would torture the guy a bit and not mention it. "I figured! Alright, let's get this show on the road!" Paul exclaimed, clapping his hands together loudly and rubbing them against each other excitedly. He was itching to see Jared make a fool of himself in front of his imprint, and then get his ass home onto a perfectly comfy couch. "Are you kidding me?" Jared cried, his eyes rounding out in panic. "I can't go over there! Forget it, I'll try again tomorrow!" That had Paul fuming. "WOAH, WOAH, WOAH!" Paul grabbed the back of Jared's collar just as he tried to escape, ignoring his best friend's protests and dragging him back, dangerously close to the road where Kim and her friends were walking. "My ass did not spend an hour and a half getting soaked on a soggy tree stump just for you to chicken out at the last minute." Paul nearly growled. "If you don't talk to her, I will." All too quickly, Jared whirled around and grabbed Paul at the collar, staring up at him with frantic, wide eyes. " Can you?!" There was a beat of shocked silence before Paul swung a fist at Jared's head, which he dodged easily, but looked indignant. "Hell no!" Paul exclaimed, somewhat annoyed at himself for even suggesting the idea. "It was a joke, moron. Now, come here. Let old Paul tell you some tricks of the trade." Paul motioned Jared closer, and the poor boy moved closer, fully believing that Paul was about to give him genuine advice. Instead of heartfelt words of wisdom, Paul's palms slammed Jared nearly ten feet across the forest, and straight onto the road, where his heavy body crashed into an unsuspecting Kim Connweller, who crumbled underneath the weight of Jared's fat ass. Paul whooped quietly, smirking to himself as he dusted his palms off triumphantly. " Bullseye." he smirked, ready to bounce away to Emily's place where he could smell a new batch of his favorite strawberry muffins were baking, when a disgusted shriek sounded from the road. "GET OFF ME, YOU CREEP!" Paul whirled around to see that Jared hadn't slammed into Kim, rather her friend who was slapping away Jared's hands. A poor girl in a red coat was crushed underneath the weight of Jared's body, and hoisted herself up. Paul winced as he caught Jared's murderous glare that went straight to his face- that boy had eyesight too sharp for Paul's own good. " Oops." Paul smiled sheepishly, shrugging. "Close enough." Jared growled lowly at Paul, not loudly enough to be picked up by the girls, but enough for Paul to hear loud and clear. "Tell me how the rest of your fairy-tale love story plays out on patrol later. I'm getting my strawberry muffin fix." Paul smiled innocently, having the nerve to even wave at Jared's bruised and embarrassed face. "See ya later, Romeo!" And then Paul was gone, his snickers and chants of " Strawberry