In the side view mirror I can see my campus shrinking as we drive away from the chaotic movements of classes dismissing. The low rumble of the old truck vibrates my body but all I can think about is the wonderful boy behind the wheel, Peeta Mellark. His arm drapes across my shoulders as I curl against him on the bench-style seat. He came back for me, even when I had almost given up on him. The feelings of doubt I felt just moments ago in my lab had melted away when I saw his truck. My head hadn't been completely sure it was him, but my heart knew it was that beautiful boy I met on spring break. The music plays on the radio, one country song after another. We drive for quite some time before I think to ask where we are going. "Where are you taking me, Mr. Shows-up-after-several-days-with-no-warning?" I ask Peeta. "Wherever you want my darling." He coos. "Sorry it took me so long to find you." Peeta apologizes. That's a good point he's making. It did take him several days come, even after I left my name and phone number at the front desk of the hotel. "Yeah, what took you so long? I left my name and phone number at the front desk of the hotel for you." I say. "I didn't even think to ask the front desk clerk." Peeta sighs and smacks himself in the forehead dejectedly. "So how did you find me then, not having any information on me? All you knew was my name." "Well, after I dropped you off at the hotel I went for a quick surf out in the ocean. I was just so happy that you were interested in me after too nights I had to burn off some energy. I was bouncing off the walls, Finnick was getting annoyed. So after my surf I went back to the shop and Finn told me you had left. I felt so hurt and rejected all I did was drink and mope for two days. But after my sadness had worn off I got a little ticked at you for leaving without saying goodbye." "I tried, I ran to the shop and found Finnick, told him to relay the message about the hotel clerk but he must've forgotten." I interrupt defensively. By this time Peeta has pulled off the main road and into a diner parking lot. "I believe you, and of course Finnick forgot, he has a shit memory when the message doesn't involve him. So anyway, after my drinking and moping was over with I decided to try and find you so I could give you a piece of my mind. I began with what I had, you name. I began looking for you on Facebook. The only Katniss Everdeen on Facebook is a soccer mom out in California, so I knew that couldn't be you. Then I googled and searched online until I found an article from your hometown's newspaper with your name in it. The article was about you winning your county's science fair, I think." I nod in remembrance, that silly article was printed a year ago. I had done tests on the creek in our county to show the pollution levels had risen over the years due to the coal mining that sustains the majority of our counties families. My research sparked a huge debate in town over whether the drinking water was safe for people to drink. It was a huge debacle that still goes on even today. The newspaper thought it was worthy enough to print about. "I'm still getting flack from people at home about that project. It sparked a huge issue in town and because of it I'm even more of a pariah." I explain. "Yeah, that one. Okay so do you remember the last few sentences of the article?" Peeta asks me. I shake my head no. "Well, it says you're planning on going to Duke University in the fall to further your studies in science. Luckily I have a buddy who also goes to Duke." Peeta says with a wiggle of his eyebrows and smirk creeping across his face. "What did you do, Peeta Mellark?" I ask accusingly. "Well, my buddy is a computer science major and I may have paid him some extra beer money to hack into the school database to find you. You're pretty easy to find at this school, only one Katniss Everdeen. So after that I had him look up Delly's last name because you failed to tell me that information when I briefly met the very drunk Delly at the party." Peeta scolds me teasingly. "Wait, why did you need Delly's information?" I ask trying to put the pieces together and failing. "Well, she struck me as the busy body type who would love to help plan the reunion between the star-crossed lovers of Spring Break." Peeta says with a large toothy grin peeling across his face. "And after he got Delly's last name, Cartwright by the way if you didn't know" he chimes with a wink, "I looked her up on Facebook and found a picture of the two of you with Johanna in front of the Duke University sign on what I assumed to be your first day of classes. Anyway, after a few messages back and forth, Delly agreed to assist me with surprising you. She got me your class schedule and the buildings you'd be in with directions on how to get there. She's really glad you finally like a boy by the way. She told me she was concerned you would be a hermit your whole life." I could feel my face flush with embarrassment. "Once I had the plan I drove up here yesterday, crashed on my buddy's futon last night and found you this morning. That is how I, your Prince Charming, found my princess." Peeta declares proudly. "I hate to break it to you bub, but I'm no princess, if anything I'm more close to a frog in this fairytale. But I am so glad to see you again." I lean in and kiss Peeta lightly, just barely brushing my lips across his. "Okay Peeta, I'm famished, this surprise of yours has left me starving, what do you say about grabbing some burgers and heading back to the dorm to relax?" I ask. "Sounds like my kind of fairytale." Peeta says as he puts the truck back in gear as we drive off toward the local burger joint down the road. Going through the drive-thru was definitely an experience with Peeta. After several changed decisions and debating on whether to get the large fries instead of the medium we finally receive our food. I got my usual, Hawaiian Turkey Burger, onion rings, and a root beer float, Peeta got a Triple Cheeseburger with Hot Sauce, the large fries, and a grape soda. We snack on the fries and onion rings on the drive back to my dorm. Once we find a parking spot in the garage we make the trek up the 7 floors to my dorm room. My dorm hall is set up a little different from the others on campus, all the rooms are single-occupant but are connected by a bathroom and a small hallway that leads to another single. So while I have my own room, I share a bathroom with Johanna and her room is on adjoining side. The school calls it Suite-style living, I call it an odd use of space. I have no issue with sharing a room with someone, I shared my room with my little sister Prim for all of my life leading up to college. We open the door to my tiny bedroom and Peeta wastes no time making himself comfortable at my desk. He plops the bag of food down on the table and begins dividing up the burgers. Not knowing where I will sit to eat I just stand awkwardly in my doorway, leaning against the jamb. "Oh how rude of me" Peeta exclaims, mouth full of cheeseburger. "Please have a seat." He says as he pats his hands on his legs as if saying he wants me to sit on his lap. I give a slight shrug because my only other options are my bed or the floor so his lap is as good of spot as any to eat my grub. I unfold the foil on my burger and begin to chow down. The room is filled with sounds of mouths hurriedly chewing food so that one more moment won't go wasted, not talking to each other. My burger is finished in minutes, I hadn't realized how hungry I actually was before I started eating. Peeta isn't far behind me. We pile our fries and onion rings together and snack on them as I begin informing Peeta all that he missed while he was searching for me. I tell him about the long car ride back from Florida and the fight between Delly and Johanna. I'm still not sure what sparked the quarrel but all I know is that I'm not allowed to speak of it in front of either of them. I leave out the parts about me crying at night missing the few nights I spent with him. "Wow, sounds like a complete mess," Peeta sighs, "I'm sorry you had to deal with all of that." "It's not your fault," I tell him, "You had no idea that would happen, neither did I really. But that isn't important right now, what's important is that you're here now." I tell him with a sheepish grin. I'm slightly embarrassed how much I missed him after only knowing him for a few days. I never knew that I would be so invested in him even after just the few days I was on vacation. The bond between us is so strong, I feel like I've known him my entire life. We connect on such deep levels. As our food begins to disappear our conversation grows. I tell him more about my life growing up, losing my dad at a young age, helping raise my sister Prim. He tells me about his family, his father's great success with the bakery chains, and brothers relentless teasing. I can't help but laugh when he describes the torture his older brother put him through as a prepubescent boy. "Their favorite thing to do was stick chewing gum in my hair while I was sleeping." He tells me with a chuckle. "They would wait until I fell asleep after school and then they would begin chewing as much bubble gum as they could then placing in my hair. My hair was much longer and curlier back then so it was the devil when I woke up and had to get the gum out of my hair." I let out a burst of laughter at the image the pops in my head. Imagining little Peeta, all pimply and awkward, trying to get sticky pink wads out of his blonde curls. I feel guilty for laughing as much as I am but the image is too funny to shake. "I'm sorry, Peeta, but you're brothers got you good with that one. How many times did they get you before they stopped?" I ask. "I think it was a grand total of 13 times before I got wise and cut my hair really short. Even then I wore a ball cap while I slept, all night sometimes." Peeta chuckles. "I loved my hair. As weird as that sounds, I loved it then. I just think my brothers were jealous because they didn't have curls like I do. Their hair just looked dirty most of the time. But my hair was awesome. I loved it." He gushes. "Well, I love you hair the way it is now." I tell him as I run my fingers through the curls at