AN - what you recognise either from the books or movies doesn't belong to me. And you should recognise quite a bit as I am closely following the books here - both the happenings and dialogue. I simply couldn't believe it. I ran up to Edward before the clock tower stroke the noon. I threw myself into his awfully hard granitic body to push him out of the sun. I let Alice drag me all the way from America to Italy so that my live presence could try and save a suicidal idiot who abandoned and destroyed me. And after all this , he doesn't even have so much sense as to realize that we're both still alive? He was wasting valuable time expressing his awe on the nature of life after death, and it didn't even occur to him that he should step away from the light? „You smell exactly as you did before," he went on, when the clock finished striking. „So this is Hell. I don't care. I take it." „I'm not dead," I interrupted him, slightly annoyed. „Nor are you! Please , Edward, he have to move! They're somewhere around here for sure!" I struggled in his arms and he frowned in confusion. But he didn't let go. He was still the same. Who cared what I wanted? „What did you say?" he asked politely. I nearly rolled my eyes. Ass! How could I ever love him? When the painful fog from his leaving lifted a bit, I started to realize just what kind of life I actually had with Edward. He was beautiful, polite, seductive, and very gallant, but he did everything his way. He kept on buying me gifts I didn't want, refused me kisses or touches if they 'could be dangerous', and sometimes he was so disgustingly patronizing – he often refused my ideas and wishes as if they were worthless, because he was a man and I a woman, because he was over a hundred years old and I merely seventeen – as if I couldn't think for myself. He was doing the same thing now, and I knew I only came because of my friendship with Alice. If he doesn't start listening to me though, it'll be all for naught. These were the Volturi! The vampire royal family, leaders, enforcers of law and order! They had to be somewhere there, to keep track of Edward. „We are not dead, yet! But we have to get out of here before the Volturi..." Finally it looked like he was starting to understand, I saw it in his face. Before I could finish the sentence, he jerked me out of the edge of the shadow, effortlessly turning me so that my back was pressed against the brick wall. Then he stepped in front of me, and stared into the alleyway. His arms lifted in a defensive position. I knew then that it was already too late. And really – when I peeked around his shoulder I saw two dark figures that separated from the surrounding darkness. „Greetings, gentlemen," said Edward in a seemingly calm and pleasant tone of voice. „I won't be needing your assistance today. I would appreciate it, though, if you relayed my gratefulness to your masters." They had to be... employees? Servants? … of the three Volturi Kings. „Could we continue this conversation in a more appropriate place?" a calm voice whispered ominously. „I do not think it is necessary," said Edward a little more sternly. „Felix, I know what orders you have. I did not break any rule." I couldn't believe how horribly arrogant Edward was. No, he didn't break a law, but he was about to, willingly and with clear conscience. I wouldn't be surprised if they wanted to punish him just for that. „Felix merely wanted to point out how close the sun is in here," sounded a second, conciliatory voice. They were both dressed in smoky-grey cloaks, which reached the ground and were moving in the wind. „Let us go find a better hideout." „I will follow right behind you," was Edward's dry answer. „Bella, go back to the square and enjoy the festival, would you?" Enjoy the festival? Enjoy the festival?! Did he really think for a second that I'll go enjoy a foreign celebration which I didn't even fully understand, when I really was there to help Alice keep her 'brother' alive? He was truly pissing me out. Besides, existence of people who knew about them was against the rules, as the Cullens told me once. Did he think, by any chance, that they'll overlook it? „No, take the girl with you," said the first shadow. You could tell he was smirking just by listening to him. „I suppose not." The fake politeness was gone. Edward spoke in a steady, icy tone of voice. He imperceptibly shifted his body mass, and I knew he was preparing to fight. Was he serious? Against two? When he's in the wrong? Was he that blind? He couldn't do that. He'll get himself killed and Alice's and mine effort will be wasted. „Edward, no ," I said quietly. „Hush," he whispered, and I bristled. Hush? Is he saying 'hush' to me? Like I was a child, who can't understand anything? He really didn't change. Under no circumstances is he my boyfriend! „Felix," the second, more sensible voice warned. „Not here." He turned to Edward. „Aro would simply like to talk to you again if you decided not to force us to interfere, in the end." I rather liked that vampire. I liked people who were sensible, and could use their words. And could control themselves, in contrast with Edward. „Of course," agreed Edward. „But you will leave the girl alone." „I'm afraid that is not possible," said the polite vampire regretfully. „We have rules which are to be obeyed." Yes, here it is again - the fact that I'm human, and know of them. Damned Edward with his stupid belief! He should have let James' venom to change me. „In that case I am afraid I will not be able to accept Aro's invitation, Demetri." Excuse me? I looked at Edward head from behind his back incredulously. An invitation? And ignore his breaking of the law? Was he trying to get us both killed? I'm not here to die for him! „Very good," purred Felix, and I knew they heard enough. „Aro will be disappointed," sighed Demetri. „I am sure he'll survive it," Edward said coldly. Both Volturi vampires moved closer to us. Before they reached us though, everyone turned to the mouth of the alley. I only understood their reasoning when I heard Alice's sing-song voice. „Let's behave ourselves, yes? Ladies are present," she leisurely walked over to Edward and me and stood next to us in carefree manner. I hoped she was going to hold her beloved brother in check a bit. „We are not alone," she reminded us quietly. I knew exactly what she meant, when we looked back to the square. A family with little girls in red dresses was watching us. I saw as the man walked over to a group of men in red blazers and tapped on of them on the shoulder. A patrol. Demetri shook his head. „Please, Edward, let's be sensible." „Let's," agreed Edward. „and now we will quietly walk our separate ways with no one being the winner." I gritted my teeth. Now he dares to use a dangerous situation, which he caused himself, to force his way?! Demetri heaved a sign. I knew all his regret and worry were fake, but I felt sorry for him either way. Conversation with such a self-centred anarchistic blunt-head must have been a pain. „At least let us talk about it somewhere privately." Six guards joined the family that was still watching us. Damn it! Edward teeth snapped together angrily. „No." Felix smiled, but then a high, intense voice interrupted from behind us. „Enough." We were joined by a small thing in an almost black cloak, one with a lean, androgynous body. It was a very pretty young girl, she couldn't be more than twelve when they turned her. The light red irises held a fully grown, cold look in them. It hasn't been a child for a very long time. She was so short, like Alice, that the reaction to her arrival stroke me as odd. Both Felix and Demetri relaxed immediately, retreating from their attacking poses. Edward moved into a more relaxed position as well, and he looked defeated. He's given up. I didn't understand it. What was so terrible about this vampire that they all reacted this way? She didn't look to be dangerous. But in the end, it didn't matter. Demetri and the other one obeyed her, and she made Edward behave and shut up with just one word. I was tempted to do something to make him shut up for a while now. It took her just about five seconds. Whatever was so horrible about her, she got a couple good points in my eyes. „Jane," Edward sighed resignedly. „Follow me," Jane said monotonously in her child-like voice. She turned her back on us, and floated away into the dark shadows. Felix indicated we are to go first and grinned. Alice moved after Jane immediately and I did so right afterwards, but Edward snaked his arm around my waist and lead me, as though I couldn't possibly walk on my own. The alleyway was narrowing, and was falling down slightly. „So, Alice," Edward started a conversation with Alice. „I guess I shouldn't be surprised to see you here." „It was my fault," Alice's answer was relayed in the same light, conversational voice. „So it was my duty to make it all right again." „What happened?" he said almost carelessly, probably because of the long-eared vampires behind us. „That's a long story," Alice glanced my way and back again. „To summarize it, she really jumped off a cliff, but not to kill herself. It seems Bella's crazy about adrenaline sports nowadays." I knew what Edward would see in Alice's mind now. How I nearly drowned, how I was followed by vampires, how I was friends with werewolves... „Hm," said Edward shortly, but it didn't sound so careless anymore. Of course not, I thought unfavorably. Edward wouldn't like what I was doing, after all I'm just a stupid little girl who can't really think, I don't know what is good for me, and need to be lead by my hand just about everywhere. „Not anymore," I spoke purposefully and sharply, not nearly as quietly as they did. „The reason I did it for has lost all meaning." While talking, I noticed the declining alleyway turned in a long curve. I only noticed the dead end when we neared the straight windowless brick wall. I couldn't see that little Jane anywhere. Alice didn't slow down or hesitate, she continued walking straight towards the wall. Then she dropped down a hole in the ground elegantly. It resembled a drain in the pavement, the grating was halfway opened. The hole was small and black. I stopped short. „Bella, it's alright," Edward said quietly. „Alice will catch you." I stared at the hole in doubt. „Jane came here? She went down?" „Yes," Edward's voice sounded so surprised, and he answered so promptly that I realized my question must have shocked him so much that he answered without thinking. It probably gave him stop that I obviously cared about that little Jane and her whereabouts more than I did about Alice. „Alice? Are you there?" „I'm right under you Bella, don't worry, I won't let you fall," she reassured me. Her voice sounded as if it was coming from a long way down, which wasn't exactly reassuring. Edward took me by my wrists and lowered me into the darkness. „Ready?" he asked. „Release her," came Alice's voice from the pitch black darkness. My fall