"Bella, are you all right?" a beautiful black-haired girl asked of a brunette. Asked girl shook her head and turned to her. "Yeah, I am," she mumbled. "I just feel like I was being watched again." The black-haired girl laughed. Her laugh sounded like tinkling of a bell. "Which time is it now that you're looking around because you feel like that? Seventh? I don't even count it anymore. Come on, Bella." "It's not my fault, Alice. I just have a feeling," Bella grumbled morosely. "Bella," a boy with bronze hair said. "No one is here. We're telling you all the time. There is no one in the vicinity of this house. If there was, we would smell him." "And we would smell him before he even saw us," added a big muscular guy. "I know, Edward, Emmett. Just don't listen to me, okay? But I still think someone could be there. Maybe they just don't have any smell at all. You wouldn't smell him then. It could even be a vampire." "Edward, Alice and Jasper would notice them through their gifts before we could even smell them, Bella. Don't worry," Carlisle assured her. "Maybe you're just getting paranoid," remarked Rosalie unpleasantly. Bella just sighed. "Okay then. So tomorrow again?" she resigned and walked to the door. Everyone else moved after her, congregating on the porch to wave goodbye as she leaves. It was their routine that summer, she's grown even closer to the Cullens since James nearly killed her and Edward had to suck the venom out. "The same time," confirmed Edward with his angel-like smile. "We'll be waiting." Bella nodded and walked down the private road where she parked her car. She only covered half the distance when something hard and invisible jumped at her, and turned her so that she was facing the Cullens again. Then Bella saw that the thing was no longer invisible. It was a vampire, a vampire who was encircling her with her arms in such a way that one crossed over her chest, blocking both of her arms, while the other arm rested on her neck. She was leaning over her, the dirty blonde hair falling across her face like a veil separating her from the Cullens. "Tell them not to move!" the vampire hissed in Bella's ear, just loud enough for her human ears to catch it. The Cullens could just gasp in surprise at seeing the vampire appearing out of thin air like that. Edward looked like he was about to attack the vampire when Bella regained her speech, and executed the given order. "D-don't move!" she gasped out. Edward still looked like he wanted to leap down the stairs, but Carlisle put a stalling hand on his shoulder. "The girl belongs with us," he said clearly, so that the vampire had no trouble hearing him at all. She giggled into Bella's ear silently. "I watched you long enough to know that myself, thanks," she stated quietly, only for her ears again. "You don't have to be afraid," she added. "I'm not about to hurt you. This approach simply works better. Maybe it will wake him up a bit. Now, call Jasper down here. Just him, and no one else." Bella carefully tried turning her head. The vampire didn't stop her, so Bella finished the movement and looked into her face. She was met with a bright, rich orange stare with a bit of red mixed in. "Uh..." "A beginner vegetarian, Isabella. And do call Jasper for me now. I have some unfinished business to address with him," the vampire purred silently. "Don't hurt him. Alice will be unhappy," Bella whispered pleadingly. "Perhaps. She'd go looking for her true mate at least. Call Jasper. Now." Bella sighed, but she didn't have a choice. That vampire had her literally in her grasp, and the slight inflection in her last sentence told her she wasn't going to ask again. "Jas-Jasper? Come here, please. Just you," she called weakly. Jasper blinked, and Alice hung onto him immediately. He slowly extricated himself from the grasp of his wife, and walked down the stairs with wary caution. "Tell him his talent's not working on me, please," the vampire asked her with satisfaction. "It's getting a little annoying. The same goes to Alice and your Edward." "Your talent's not working on her. Neither is Edward's or Alice's," Bella repeated faintly. Jasper's face hardened and he looked very alert now. "So no, you're not paranoid. Just extremely perceptive. I'll release you in a moment. Go wherever you want, just don't go close to Jasper. And don't stay put," the vampire added in amusement. Jasper stopped three meters away. "Who are you?" he asked warily, and slightly unfriendly. The vampire relaxed her grip on Bella and pushed her an arm's length away. "Go." Bella ran to the porch stairs, and right into Edwards arms. "Major Jasper Whitlock," was all the vampire said in answer to Jasper's question. Jasper straightened and his jaw clenched. The unfamiliar vampire turned straight to him, and threw the hair out of her face with one short head-shake. Jasper's eyes widened, and he flinched. "Anabelle!" he blurted. The vampire leaned her head to the side. "So you do remember? I suppose you found it hard, forgetting the vampire you tried to kill?" the vampire stated sharply. Jasper was silent, he just stared at her, his whole body tense. His face screwed up in an almost painful grimace. "I've known you under many names. Major Jasper Whitlock, The God of War, The Bloodthirsty Machine. I've been watching you, and I have to regretfully conclude you are none of them anymore. Was the independent, strong, confident, and dangerous vampire turned into a tamed vegetarian panther-cub? I ask if you can even fight anymore," her voice was mocking him. Jasper gritted his teeth again, but didn't react otherwise. She sighed and slipped a hand into a pocket of her hoodie, pulling out an old, worn-out leather glove. She threw it onto the dusty road in front of him. "Well? Or did you already forget the manners your human mother taught you? A lady is not to be turned down." Jasper looked at the glove, laying in the dust and dirt, and raised his head with regret. "I don't want to kill you, Ana. I never wanted to." She jerked her head. "You didn't, but you would have done it. Bloodthirsty Machine, Mister Lethal, The God of War would have done it. We both know it. The tamed vegetarian pup won't do it, it doesn't even want to fight. It wants to forget, but the vampire memory's eternal. The pup sticks its head into the sand. But someone will chop if off one day." He frowned. "Stop it, Ana." "Why? Because the pup doesn't want to face memories? You should have killed off all the actors in the memories like you did everyone else. You were doing an excellent job out of it." "What do you want, Anabelle?" "You wanted to kill me. Me . I ran away. I want it to end. It began with fight, it will end with fight." Jasper stared at her incredulously. "Ana..." "No," she barked. "I didn't like the Bloodthirsty Machine, I don't like the tamed cowering cub." "Ana..." "Pick the glove up, Major Whitlock," vampire hissed. "Right. Now." Jasper stared at her for a long time, then he sighed. "I was glad when you ran off. I didn't want to fight you, or hurt you." "You said that already," Anabelle snapped coldly. "But I didn't mean much compared to Maria's orders, did I? Only so much to make you let me run. Yet you allowed two others to do the same before, and they were just your friends. What you want doesn't matter much to me at this point. You didn't give me what I wanted. Give me what I want now, and we'll be even." "But... I cannot kill you, Ana." "You could then, you can now. Pick up the goddamn glove ." Jasper stood there undecided for a long time. Then his shoulders fell, and he bent down for the glove. "No! Jasper!" Alice cried desperately, while being held back by Emmett. "Emmett, let me go!" "It's in your interest to not let her go," the vampire remarked, but hardly bothered to look their way. "I am blocking her talent, but I do not need one to know what will happen to her if she interferes in this. It's time for a little show, Jasper." Anabelle turned and started walking away from the house, to the open space between the house and the woods. Jasper looked at his family and Bella, and smiled apologetically. "Anything happens, do not interfere. She's right, even though I would prefer to avoid fighting. But she's right," his face clearly showed the pain and sadness he felt. "Jasper, who is it? You never talked of her," said Edward, still clutching onto Bella. "Anabelle was one of the newborns I was supposed to get rid off when their powers started waning. I let her run, but she's right. If she stayed, in the end I would have done what Maria wanted from me," his face screwed up. "And that would be the end." With that he turned and followed the vampire, who stood on her chosen spot now and waited for him, bored, and glaring darkly his way. "You have the rules set up?" he asked her resignedly when he stopped thirty meters away. "Close fight in the area bordered with the house on one side and the surrounding forest on the other. If any of your ignorant lawyerlings interfere, I'm killing them. Don't bother with your gift, I've got mine trained well enough to be sure it will last the fight." "I wouldn't use talent in this kind of fight anyway. And no one will interfere, I owe you that." "You owe me a lot more than what you admit," said the vampire in a very quiet, and very intense voice at the same time. "Be so kind and throw the glove up. We start with the first touch of ground." Jasper looked like he wanted to say something very much, but then his shoulders fell again and he threw the glove into the air. The moment they heard the first part of leather hit the uppermost grass blades, they moved. Since then, Bella's human eyes couldn't see then, except for a blurred outline here and there. "Edward?" Bella whispered quietly. She couldn't see them, but she still heard the loud sounds, as if blocks of stone were hitting each other repetitively. "Do you want to go inside?" Edward asked her quietly, his face drawn in anxiety. Bella shook her head. "No, I just... she didn't want to hurt me. She's been watching us, that's why I always felt like I was being watched. It was her. She's been here the whole time and did nothing. She could have killed me, but she didn't do it. Even now she didn't hurt me." "That one doesn't want to hurt you," Rosalie snapped silently. Meanwhile, the two vampires were circling and attacking each other. Gouges and places with torned out grass and other vegetation were appearing all around in high speed. Anabelle knew exactly when the cowardly cub completely transformed into Major Whitlock. His moves became more flowing and planned just a couple seconds into the fight. She smirked while bending and avoiding his attack. At the same time, she shot her hand out and hit him hard into his ribs. A loud creaking sound was heard. "Greetings, Major Whitlock," she drawled, blocking his next move. A long time flew by since she was a part of Maria's army, but she still remembered the fighting style of Major Whitlock - the vampire who trained them in fighting when he was in better mood. In bad mood, he was turning into a God of War, but he