How the Light Gets In Chapter One: A Lightning-Shaped Burn At the age of 24, after three years of teaching, Hermione Granger had gained a tremendous amount of respect for the Hogwarts professors of her youth. As she packed up her classroom, sweeping up the feathers that fell from quills and tracing her fingers over the initials scratched into the wooden desks, she felt the first pang of real sadness hit her. She wouldn't miss teaching, but there was something about the classroom—the place she felt most at home—that she was apprehensive to leave behind. A tall, thin woman with narrow spectacles appeared in her doorway. "Finished yet, Miss Granger?" Hermione smiled warmly, knowing that she'd never again have a boss as wonderful as McGonagall. She set down the picture she was wrapping in newspaper—a framed photo of Harry, Ron, and herself laughing outside of Hogwarts after it had been rebuilt—and smiled at the older woman. "Almost there." The room would have probably taken a half hour to clear magically, but Hermione liked to pack the Muggle way. She enjoyed going through her things, reminiscing, deciding what to keep and what to throw away. As she stripped her room bare, she exposed the lovely brick walls and the six-foot-long windows. The sun was setting and dusty rays of light were dancing on her desk, the last thing in the room she had to clear out. "I suppose it's too late to beg you one last time to stay?" Hermione smiled sadly. "You know this isn't easy for me." "I know. It's just too good an opportunity to turn down, isn't it?" McGonagall's smile was also sad, but her eyes were full of pride for her old student. At age 21, Hermione had been one of the youngest Hogwarts professors in the school's history. She spent three years teaching an Introduction to Magical Law and Justice course to third through fifth year students, and while her proximity in age to her students allowed for a friendly classroom environment, it also meant she wasn't always taken as seriously as other professors. Nevertheless, teaching was easy, relaxing, and she had plans to stay for at least five years to give herself some time off from the stresses of the war. But when the Ministry came knocking at her door with a career opportunity she couldn't turn down, she had no choice but to offer her resignation to McGonagall. "Well, I just wanted to stop by and wish you luck before you leave. You be sure to visit," the elder witch said sternly. Hermione felt tears well up in her eyes as she hugged McGonagall. "Thank you so much for everything." "Of course, Miss Granger. You know you'll always have a home here." With a final smile, a very Dumbledore-like wink, and a crack in the cool evening air, she was gone. Hermione picked back up the photo she had been wrapping and traced a finger over the edges. She remembered the day so vividly: they were invited for the ribbon-cutting ceremony at the grand re-opening of Hogwarts, dressed in their finest robes, laughing at something Ron had said. She watched herself throw her head back in mirth, her hair flying wildly in the wind. She smiled at the way Harry's nose crinkled when he was trying to hold back a giggle and the way Ron dimpled as he looked at his friends in admiration. It had been a wonderful day. Behind them were a few of the other Weasleys: Ginny was tousling George's hair while Percy, watched them solemnly from a few yards away. This was before Percy had to be institutionalized, gone insane from guilt after the death of his brother. In the photo he was wearing a white hat, which he wore every day and refused to take off. As she moved to tuck the photo away, something in the far background caught her eye: a flash of blond hair she hadn't noticed before. She squinted, brought the photo closer, and sure enough, in the far left hand corner of the photo, a sulking Draco Malfoy was watching the trio of friends and frowning deeply at their joy. Hermione rolled her eyes. She hadn't remembered Malfoy attending the event, but of course he would be the one to ruin yet another pleasant Hogwarts memory. With a sigh, she moved to place the photo in the throwaway pile, but at the last moment she changed her mind. It was a lovely picture, and perhaps there was a way to charm Malfoy out of it. Tucking the frame away in the keep pile, she made a mental note to read up on photo-altering spells that evening. "Harry Potter, you absolute twat !" Hermione stood in the busy Burrow kitchen, grinning stupidly as she watched Ginny Weasley chase her raven-haired husband with a spatula. Her normally fire-engine red hair was now dyed a deep shade of royal blue, courtesy of Harry. "You'll never catch me," he taunted as she skipped away. "And I've got more where that came from!" Ginny was waving her wand over her head, trying every charm she could think of to bring her hair back to normal, but nothing seemed to work. Molly Weasley shook her head as she kneaded away at a ball of dough. "I thought once you lot graduated and aged a few years, it wouldn't be a raging mess when you visited. I suppose I was a touch too optimistic." Hermione chuckled. Regular dinner gatherings on the first Sunday of the month were a tradition at the Weasley hom. Over the years, the crowd of guests varied as people moved in and out of the area, became busy, and found new partners to introduce, but the chaos of the Weasley home never changed. "Is there anything I can do to help?" Hermione offered. "No, thank you dear. I have a fine-tuned system going on here, you'll probably just mess it up." Hermione couldn't argue with the woman. Pots and pans whizzed around the kitchen in precise movements like stations on a factory conveyor belt. Pots of water were boiling on the stovetop, three ovens were set to three different temperatures, and knives were chopping onions all on their own, eliminating the risk of tearing up. Cooking for a group of over twenty was no easy task. "So, tell me more about this new job of yours," Molly requested as she poured tomato sauce over as steaming vat of pasta. "I never got to hear the details." "Oh, I'm so excited!" If anything could bring forth the passionate side of Hermione, it was her work. "Kingsley had been contacting me for months, trying to get me to come work at the Ministry. You know, they need good press now more than ever, especially after that toxic potion spill. I think he really wants Harry, Ron, and I there together, you know, the whole box set." "Nonsense, he wants you for your talent and brains and nothing more," Molly chided, pointing a red-stained spoon at Hermione, who blushed "Well, I liked where I was at Hogwarts, but teaching was never a long-term plan for me. Then a few weeks ago, Kingsley owled me explaining that there was all this extra work to be done that didn't fit in any of the existing departments at the Ministry. He offered for me to travel for three months across Europe and the States to complete the work, make new contacts with foreign government officials, and do various types of research. Once I come back he wants me to create my own department that focuses on International Relations and Magical Justice." The kitchen door swung open and another pink-faced redhead entered the kitchen. "Are we talking about Hermione's fantastic new gig?" Ron reached for a dinner roll, which earned him a smack on the wrist from Molly. He sat down next to Hermione and placed a welcome kiss on her forehead. "When did you get here?" Hermione was used to her entry being overlooked; she often arrived later than the others and always declined to join them in their customary pre-dinner Quidditch match. "Only an hour ago, which you may have noticed had you and George not being trying to murder one another with the Quaffle." "Ah, I've missed that sarcasm of yours so dearly. But I won't have to worry about that for much longer, now that you'll be joining us at the Ministry—" " Maybe —Kingsley said I can decide on my own once I come back if I like Ministry work." "Oh, you know you're going to love it. How can bossy Hermione Granger turn down the opportunity to order around her own department? Teaching might be fun, but we all know you belong where the action is—sticking her nose in everyone else's business and telling them what is and isn't morally just!" Hermione turned her nose up at him stubbornly, but she knew he was right. After the two year long relationship they'd had, he could read her like a book. Even though they weren't together any longer, she still felt most relaxed and at home when around Ron. Their relationship, for the most part, had been good and familiar and warm. In the end, it became a little too familiar, in the way only friends were, which is what they decided to remain—just friends. Hermione watched somewhat wistfully as Ron wandered off again to the hill outside where the Weasley men were playing some hybrid of Quidditch and dodge ball. Some nights, she missed the familiarity of Ron: his simple moods, his goofy laugh, the way she could never be truly angry at him, just annoyed. More than anything, she missed having a companion, someone to lean on and confide in. After school, without any reason to constantly be around her friends, Hermione found herself lonely quite often. She saw her friends regularly, at least once a week, but she felt a little lost sometimes. Harry and Ginny were already married, Ron had his own career and life outside of her, and it quickly dawned upon her that she didn't have many other friends. She thought briefly of the photo she found earlier, and realized that, frowning at the Weasley's Quidditch game as Harry chased Ginny up the hill, she felt a little like Malfoy had looked. Alone, like she was on the outside looking in on something happy she didn't belong to. Dinner that night was plagued by an invasion of George's newest prototype for his joke shop: color bombs, tiny pellets that changed the color of any object they came in contact with. Ginny had been their first victim earlier in the evening, courtesy of Harry, and the first to discover the magical twist of the bombs—they were semi-permanent. "I hate you, Harry Potter," she grumbled as she sullenly spooned creamed corn into her mouth. Her new hair color wasn't horrible, but it made her skin seem even paler and somewhat sickly, and she was the first to discover that the dye was semi-permanent. "You love me," Harry said, leaning over to kiss his wife on the cheek. The two had a whirlwind romance after the war, marrying each other at just 20 and 19. Although Hermione had never been close to Ginny during school, the two had become fast friends after the marriage. Ginny's quick wit and dry sense of humor complimented Hermione's wry one well. Hermione leaned over to her friend, knowing how unpleasant it was to be the guinea pig for George's new tricks. "Do you want me to try to charm it back?" "I tried everything. I have no idea what he put in this stuff, the wanker." "It's charmed. You can't get rid of it," George said. "There's only one way to make it disappear." "George," Molly warned, picking up on the mischievous tone in her son's voice. They had made it thirty minutes into dinner without an incident, which