SUMMARY: Morroch is on his own now and heading toward Ered Mithrin with Voronflame, the fire dragon, to meet the Dragon Clan. Alagos is following in the shadows and Morroch can't help but wonder if he has made the right decision in seeing his kin. He knows only time will tell him if he's made a mistake. Meanwhile, in a small human village trouble is stirring and both children and dragonlings are going missing. Neither species knows what is going on, where their children are or who is taking them, and tempers and accusations are starting to flare between the two races... DO NOT READ THIS WITHOUT READING Muinthel, Maethor, Mellon AND KEEPING UP (at least until chapter six) WITH Herves a Iell FIRST! Disclaimer: I own nothing you might recognize as Tolkien's. Warnings: This story is AU! If you do not like this, don't read. This story will contain dragons and places that Tolkien did not mention in his books - they are the creations of my imagination. There is romance, but no hint of slash or heavy material. Mild violence may occur . Mild cursing may occur. This story is being written parallel with Herves a Iell . A/N ~ Thanks for keeping up with my series, Dragons of Arda ! Bold is mind-speech. Yes, it is still here! Oh, and Italic is dragon-speech. Normal type is Westron. Dragon Migove = Welcome Clawnii = Grown male dragon Fangna = Grown female dragoness Kinwa = Young dragon that is not a dragonling, but not an adult either Suilannad ~ Greeting Morroch watched as Arienel faded into the distance, atop another dragon. The shape-shifter let out a roar of courage and hope, but also of sorrow. Arienel had been his first friend, the first two-leg he'd interacted with, the first person he'd cared for. It was almost surreal to think of what his life had been like without her - when he'd only been an intelligent horse, avoiding humans and wondering just why it was that he didn't fit in with the other equine. The black dragon felt a pull, an almost physical ache to fly after the elleth, a feeling he'd not truly felt since Rohan, since that day when her family had left for Helm's Deep. Morroch rumbled low in his throat and sighed, pushing the feeling down as he spread his wings and leaped into the air. His wings beat hard, gaining altitude and then carrying him up on an updraft from the warm earth. His sharp eyes looked toward the north. Voronflame would be waiting for him at the northern end of the forest, near the Forest River. It would take the black dragon a good part of the day to get there. His flights were strong, but he wasn't experienced in flying long distance. It was something that would hinder fast progress to the Clan, but Morroch was fine with that. It also gave Alagos time to catch up with them before they arrived. Gold eyes turned back to the west. He wished Arienel were with him now. His back felt empty without her. The red dragon came into view late in the afternoon and Morroch once again had to marvel at how huge the creature was. It was comparing him - a hobbit - to a Balrog. The black dragon landed easily and Voronflame stood, giving a greeting warble that seemed to crackle like gentle flames. "You came." Morroch raised an eye-ridge, his tail making small circles in both confusion and nerves. "I said I would. Did you doubt my word?" It would insult him greatly if the fire dragon had. Morroch was sarcastic, but he did not lie unless it would save someone's life. Perhaps this wasn't a good thing... His heart still pulled him back toward Arienel, her presence in his mind flickering in an out of focus, like a fading candle of light. He wanted nothing more then to fly off and follow her at this moment. And it turned out that this very emotion was what had worried Voronflame. "I did not doubt your will, Dagoryn. I only know your loyalty the Eldanarë and I know you would not leave her." The shape-shifter relaxed slightly and nodded, looking back toward the west. "You are partially right, but also mistaken. Arienel bids me to see my kin and so that is what I will do. We will see each other soon, but she has her path and I have mine. They are not the same this time." The red dragon gave the smaller a look as he stretched his wings. "Are you sure they will ever be the same again, Dagoryn? She is a two-leg." He sprang into the air before Morroch could answer and the black dragon glared after the red and leaped after him, both dragons making swift progress over the rest of Eryn Lasgalen. The black dragon stayed quiet as they flew, his thoughts drawing him inward. He'd never thought that Arienel and his paths might part for longer then a few weeks or months, but what if Voronflame was right? What if they parted for years? Was that even possible with the bond between them? The thought of leaving his rider for so long was almost enough to make him feel sick. Morroch didn't think it would be physically possible to be parted from the elleth for so long, by choice or not. The shape-shifter shook the thought from his head. He'd always believed that Eru, their Creator, would not have brought them together, given them a bond they could not shake off if he intended to separate them like that. Morroch had a simple, but solid faith that the Creator had a plan to prosper his children - all of them - and not to harm them. It was a belief he was not going to give up on. The dragon had firmly made up his mind when Voronflame threw him completely - figuratively - and Morroch heard his voice...in his head. "Are you done sulking?" Gold eyes blinked in pure astonishment and yet some panic as the shape-shifter faltered in his wing-beat and fell several hundred feet before gaining his balance again, correcting his flight. Voronflame followed him, suddenly worried. What had he done? Surely Dagoryn hadn't been that surprised by the simply, if unpleasant, question? He watched the smaller dragon right himself, still in a daze and spoke once more. "Dagoryn?" "Stop!" It was said with the greatest force and animosity the shape-shifter could muster and it was the fire dragon's turn to look surprised. He spoke aloud, reasonable. "Stop what?" Morroch bared his teeth, looking away from the other flying dragon. "Do not...talk in my head." "Does it hurt you?" Had Morroch never developed that part of his dragon heritage properly? Voronflame knew he could speak with the two-leg, but when it came to powerful dragon voices, was it painful for the dragon that hadn't been raised among them? Morroch sighed, something that could not be heard over the whistling wind, but his posture, the jerkiness of his flight, the way his tail lashed behind him, spoke of agitation. "No. It does not." The fire dragon's red eyes narrowed and he looked at the setting sun to their left. Without a word, Voronflame headed for the woods below, already in the foothills of the mountains. Morroch followed, silent and the two landed. The larger dragon folded his wings and then turned his head to the younger dragon. "What is the problem then?" Claws dug into the earth and gold eyes looked toward the west, toward the sunset. "I...Arienel is the only one who speaks to me that way. It surprised me." Voronflame resisted the urge to growl. It always came back to the two-leg. Hopefully some time among his own kind would help Dagoryn find out who he was, what he was and the priorities in his life. Better yet, maybe he would find a mate that would keep him with the Clan and away from the Eldanarë... "Dragons can talk to each other that way, too, Dagoryn. There is nothing wrong with it." He was frustrated to see the black dragon shake his head. "There may not be, but it is something that I have grown to think of as personal. I do not want you speaking with me this way unless it is essential or there is danger." Gold eyes met red and the fire dragon growled low, but nodded and moved over the snow to rocks uncovered by the white stuff. The large dragon laid down, absorbing the last of the warmth from the stone and Morroch tilted his head. "Do you not like being out here?" "I am a Fire Dragon. My kin need heat. During the day we are fine, but come night we must absorb warmth before it gets too dark to do so. This rock's heat will be stored in my body and used for the next few hours." Morroch nodded and came to lay in front of the larger creature, hoping that some conversation would help him miss Arienel less. Right now she would be curled up beside him and he would have had a reason to shift into a wolf... "What kind of places do the other dragons need? Surely the Clan's location must be a place all can survive." "The Great Cavern is unlike any place we have ever found. It stretches underground for the length of the mountains in the north and is deep within the earth, big enough for the Fire Dragons and all under us." "Under you?" "Smaller. Fire Dragons are the largest type of dragon." Morroch nodded his understanding and Voronflame went on. "The Great Cavern is under the mountain Gundabad and stretches for a great length into what men call Ered Mithrin. The mountains there are both volcanic and cold, with great lakes hidden within their valleys, places few men and elves know of." Morroch's interest was peaked and he situated himself more comfortably on the rocks he lay on. "Mount Gundabad...that was a mountain at the northern extremity of the Misty Mountains, a stronghold of dwarves and later, orcs. According to the Dwarves, Durin the Deathless, oldest of the Fathers of the Dwarves, awoke at Mount Gundabad some time after the awakening of the elves. Mount Gundabad remains a sacred place to the dwarves. Are you saying that our kind has now taken over that Mountain?" His history of Gundabad had come from both Gimli and Erestor. Morroch paid attention to what people said more thoroughly then they thought he did. "Not exactly. See, in the middle of the Second Age, orcs invaded Gundabad. The mountain was not cleansed of the foul creatures until very late in the Second Age, possibly around or after the fall of Sauron and the loss of the One Ring. The exact time is unknown, even to us. In the early part of this Age, the Orcs of Angmar yet again claimed it as their capital, which is one of the reasons for the dwarves' special hatred of the evil creatures. After the fall of Angmar, Gundabad remained an orc stronghold, even after it was sacked during the War of the Dwarves and Orcs. The army of goblins that fought in the Battle of the Five Armies was said to have mustered at the mountain." "Yes, but are the orcs still there?" Voronflame gave him an amused look. "Do you think our kind would live alongside orcs?" Morroch met his gaze squarely. "We did at one time. We lived under Morgoth's rule, with orcs, goblins and the Balrogs. We destroyed Gondolin and we terrorized the peoples of Arda." The fire dragon regarded him for a moment, not having expected to get so deep into history that night. The facts were not something Voronflame shrank from this time, though, and he nodded his great head. "You are right, but our generation is not