SUMMARY: Six different lives. Six difficult pasts. Six reluctant journeys that will soon become united for one greater purpose. Alagos has avoided the Rishten for most of his life , but now finds he can't escape the bond-pull or the person it is insistently trying to connect him to - Gwelutarien. He's run from his past for so many years and held on to bitterness for so long...is he even capable of finding peace or forgiving? As the shape-shifter grows closer to his destination and fulfilling a demand given by his gift, it is inevitable that he will soon find out...and perhaps figure out his fate as well. Gwelutarien - Gweltari - is being pulled to Alagos by the Rishten and while she is fine with this, she knows he is not. Her family thinks she is making the wrong choice trusting the damaged shape-shifter and trying to make him open up to her, but the ranger woman knows better. She has secrets of her own and knows what it is to be afraid to reveal them, even to her family. But will her perseverance pay off and will she think the results worth it if it does? After all, trust extends both ways. If she wants to hold Alagos' secrets, she must also be willing to reveal her own... Kahilnar has never been more confused - or scared, though, he won't admit it - in his life. The dragoness Sharpmist has revealed to him a bond between them that he despises, a bond he does not want. He struggles to simply understand what is going on and why he suddenly finds himself in the middle of a destiny bigger than he could have ever imagined. And if those two situations were not bad enough; his own younger brother is out to kill him for the right to the throne, a right that Kahilnar doesn't even want. Caught between his family and the Northerners, the enemy of his people, Kahilnar has to learn very quickly to trust those around him...no matter how foreign that trust feels and how reluctant he might be to listen to what is being told to him. Sharpmist has always been stubborn and has always fought for what she wants. Being Rishten to Kahilnar is no different and she has found that the approach works well for she and the Easterling. A deeper call, however, urges her to grow in ways she has not expected to be called to do and the dragoness is unsure she is ready for it. Love has never come easy to Sharpmist and she can barely admit that she cares for Kahilnar. Besides, could she really come to love - in any form of the word - someone of human blood, someone who professes to hate dragons? Renegade is an enigma to even those who know him well and is viewed as a danger by those who don't. He rarely gives anyone any reason to think he possesses a heart and seems not to care for anyone around him unless it be his Second. As the Commander of an elite group of fighters, he is well respected and clearly trusted, but even his men are wary about him and during battle everyone stays out of his way. Everyone but the newest addition to this group of fighters; Noruiel, an Empath Renegade clearly hates and a woman nearly as stubborn as he is. She has Renegade questioning even himself as she persistently aggravates him just by her presence alone and has many others wondering just what lays in their Commander's past to make him the way he is? And does his past have an influence on why he is constantly targeted by the enemy for capture? Noruiel is a powerful Empath in her own right , but it is a power she would rather not have. It took her away from her family and has seemed to cause her nothing but grief her whole life. She now finds herself, unwillingly, at the center of an elaborate plot and not knowing who she can trust. Sent to watch over Renegade's group of a elite fighters, she wonders as to her purpose among them and when her superiors will destroy the fragile sense of belonging she has managed to find. And ever making her already difficult life harder is the Commander who appears to hate her for no logical reason she can decipher. His loathing seems to stem from the fact that she is an Empath, but Noruiel can not understand why as she has done nothing to him, can't do anything to him. It only makes her all the more curious to find out what he is hiding...while at the same time trying determinedly not to reveal her own past. And to the East... A dark menace, as yet undetected, blooms slowly like a flower after the rain, stealthily stretching its arms over the land and suffocating all in its path... DO NOT READ THIS WITHOUT READING Muinthel, Maethor , Mellon AND Herves ar Iell AND O Emlyg FIRST! Disclaimer: Come on, this is my fourth Lord of the Ring's story on FANFICTION. Do you honestly think I own Peter Jackson and Tolkien's work or make money off of it? No. No I don't. Warnings: This story is AU! If you do not like this, don't read. This story will contain dragons, Anikrrn, Tsubasa and places that Tolkien did not mention in his books along with some places he did. There is romance, but no hint of slash or heavy romantic material. Mild violence may occur as I do tend to write about battles. Very mild cursing may occur. There is implied past abuse with two of the characters, but nothing of a sexual nature and nothing explicitly graphic. Acknowledgments ~ A HUGE, SINCERE thank you to dreamingfifi who brutally went through my chapters and corrected my horrendous elven and Japanese! Admittedly, I kept some of it (like the names and certain words I could not give up) but the rest is all her doing and I am extremely grateful for her help! Be sure to check out her website for great, accurate elven in both Sindarin and Quenya plus much more! http: / / www .realelvish. net / A/N ~ Thank you for reading! Bold is mind-speech. Rhûnic Nahisya = Shy One, Special One Taeg ~ Boundary Gweltari glanced over at the white wolf who kept pace with the Rangers just a few lengths away. Since running into her brothers, the shape-shifter had shied away from everyone, including her, staying on the outskirts of the quiet group of humans when they'd joined the rest of the Rangers about four hours ago. The woman really couldn't blame him. For one reason or another, the twins had terrified him and the ranger woman knew that the fear wasn't going to simply disappear because Thalbor and Taurnar were now acting much more civil - well, as civil as could be expected of the twins. It helped that they were still worried she was furious at them. She let a small smile curve her lips at the thought. Perhaps that would work to her advantage for a short amount of time. Long enough to get a conversation in with Alagos without them hovering at least... Gweltari found her smile growing slightly as she looked at the white canine once more. He'd chosen her. The thought still brought a trill to her heart. Despite his reluctance, his shadowed past and his fear of her kind...he'd still come. He was still following her. He didn't like the Rishten between them, that much she could still tell, but...he'd come after her and his amber eyes while holding a strong, mysterious terror for something only he remembered, had also held trust. A small trust for HER. It was enough to make her steps lighter and her voice softer when she spoke to the others in the group. Green-gray eyes suddenly found amber in another side-glance and the two held the others' gaze. Gweltari reached with her mind on impulse toward his, but didn't get far as the shape-shifter shot her a look that clearly said, 'Don't push it' and kept his mind closed from her own, his ears going back against his head in agitation. He was coming with her. He'd endured her brothers. He was enduring the stares and the disturbance to his solitude, but enough was enough for one day and he was making that very clear. Gweltari only smiled again, the expression verging on a grin as she looked away in amusement. Alagos felt the look more than he saw it and he snorted, bounding further ahead of the humans until his paws took him beyond their sight and into the thick trees. It was only then that the shape-shifter relaxed slightly. An unexpected shiver of both fear and relief raced under his fur and the canine shook it out before standing still once more and sniffing the air. It smelled the same as it had ten minutes earlier, but Alagos knew that could change very quickly. Satisfied that the forest was still safe for the time being he brought his attention back to the situation at hand. Not that he wanted to, but it really wasn't just going to go away...and recent experience was showing him that he could no longer just run from things he didn't like either. He wanted to, but...it just wasn't possible anymore, especially not with HER. The wolf snorted softly once more and looked back over his shoulder, ears cocked before leaping away and further into the woods. He would be able to find the humans well enough when they camped. It wasn't like they were THAT quiet and their scent would be trail enough even if he couldn't simply sense where Gweltari was at all times. He'd stayed long enough to show the woman that he was committed to staying, but that didn't mean he had to travel with the Rangers the entire way. At least not today. He wasn't up for it today. The shape-shifter was soon far away from any humans sounds at all and with the absence of this came a sudden feeling of loneliness. It hit him unexpectedly and the wolf stilled in the small clearing he'd found himself in, blinking. Alagos' form slowly changed until he was able to run his hand through white hair with a sigh of confusion. When he closed his eyes, he could feel her, wanted to go back. When he just closed off his mind it was almost impossible to understand why he wasn't going back right now, but his mind wouldn't stay quiet for long and it was still in control of his body at this point, not his heart. Frustrating as the struggle was, it was also comforting in a strange way, too. The shape-shifter couldn't help glancing back the way he'd come, though, and it occurred to him that this was the reason he felt alone. It was her absence. Alagos found it no easier to dismiss the feeling now that he knew why he felt it. He growled under his breath and walked toward the trunk of a tree, pulling himself up into its branches. The shape-shifter settled himself and took a deep breath, his eyes closed. He just needed to gain some control over his frayed emotions. He wasn't sure what had possessed him to try and stand up to Gweltari's brothers, but it had certainly backfired. Badly. Alagos looked down at his hands and clenched them into fists to stop the subtle tremors that were still going through him. He was angry at his own reaction to the twins, to the humans in general. To Edonar and Sakalthor. To any human that crossed his path. He should have been able to as least talk to Thalbor and Taurnar, but...the way they'd cornered him, even without planning any intentional harm...it had set off an alarm