Summary: Kaia lives in Rohan with her family. Her life is relatively normal and without change until she meets him ~ a stallion as dark as night with an extraordinary gift. Now with war from Isengard threatening the land she lives in, Kaia has to learn how to control the sudden strange things happening in her life and to herself. To stay alive to help her new friends she will need to find the courage to do what is right and the faith to believe in those around her and above all; herself. It will be a difficult journey, but the wise have never said life was simple or easy. Disclaimer: Don't own anything that belongs to Tolkien. Warnings: This is not a Legomance. There is some mild romance, but I don't write heavy stuff. There is no slash or hint of slash. This is a Mary Sue (some says she's mild, others don't) and a tad (small) AU, however it is not a "Girl falls into Middle-earth". It is a partial "Tenth Walker", though. Acknowledgments ~ A HUGE, SINCERE thank you to dreamingfifi who brutally went through my chapters and corrected my horrendous elven! Admittedly, I kept some of it (like the names) but the rest is all her doing and I am extremely grateful for her help! Be sure to check out her website for great, accurate elven in both Sindarin and Quenya plus much more! http: / / www .realelvish. net / A/N ~ I AM REWRITING THIS! EACH CHAPTER WILL HAVE A WARNING TELLING YOU IF IT HAS BEEN REWRITTEN OR NOT. PLEASE BEAR WITH ME! This chapter is rewritten. I will do my best to keep canon characters "in character", spell correctly and just be a decent writer. I accept critique, but not criticism. All flames shall be pleasantly replied to and then deleted. Hope you enjoy!. Amarth ~ Fate "Kaia, where are you?" Kaia looked down from her high place on the gentle, grassy hill when a male voice called from the direction of the barn. The young woman sighed as she stood, making her way from her spot on the hill to the wooden structure of the horse barn down on flatter ground. She had lived here for as long as she could remember. She wasn't a child by blood, but a child taken in by a simple family in Rohan. Kaia knew she had come from somewhere else, but the knowledge had never bothered her overmuch. Her Rohirrim family was her only family and they were a good family. Having no sisters, she'd learned much more from her brothers then a normal girl would. Kaia had learned to wield a sword rather well, though, daggers were hers to master. Horse-riding was almost required in Rohan, and treating the wounded, both human and animal, was a useful skill. Though, she wasn't as apt as she'd have liked to have been in that area. But along with knowing how to survive, these were all things she tried not to take for granted. Here the young woman paused in her thinking. She had to learn how to go though life being different from those around her, without female company and sometimes feeling very alone since her Rohirrim mother had died. Her family lived close to the Anduin River on the Northern side of Rohan, a place called The Wold. They were as far from Edoras as they could get, though not on purpose, and while their business brought them people, it also only brought people of the male kind. There were very few opportunities for Kaia to engage in female company. Kaia didn't realize she'd slowed in her walking significantly until her brother called again. She was reminded that she really did need to go and help her family with the new herd coming in today. Looking at the distant, shimmering river one last time and calling back to her brother to let him know she'd heard him, Kaia ran toward the barn. The young women saw her eldest brother Ethon waiting for her when she arrived at the barn. The place never failed to make her happy with its rich smells and fun memories. As Kaia came closer she could make out the male's features in the darker light of the building; he was a tall man of twenty-eight years with dark gold hair, worn just below his shoulders in the style of the Rohirrim, dark brown eyes that when directed at her were usually filled with teasing and mischief and tanned skin that bespoke of many days spent in the sun. He looked very much like their father and her second older brother Edonar, a man of twenty-six. "Where were you?" Kaia smiled at him and looked back toward the hill. "Watching the river. I love to watch the water shimmer in the distant light. It calls to me sometimes. I don't know why, but the water, it's almost like it pulls at me." She looked back at her brother, but didn't truly pay attention to his reaction as she grabbed a coil of rope on a hook. "Never mind that, though. We need to get to work. Have Edonar, Lohinon and father returned with the wild horses yet?" "Yes, they're in the corrals right now." Ethon got a mischievous look on his face after he'd finished. He was almost thirty, but had never seemed to lose that child-like streak of fun and being with his younger sister always brought it out. "I'll beat you there!" he challenged racing off. Kaia gave a shout of surprise and an exclamation of him being unfair as she sprang after him. Soon they were side-by-side, running towards the fences and laughing as they raced through the tall, golden grass they'd both grown up on. Edinon, their father, saw his oldest and youngest children coming towards him and grinned from his position astride a fence rail. His grin soon faded a bit, however, as he focused on his youngest child, the girl he thought of as his own daughter. Kaia had been growing more and more distant and complicated the older she got. The young woman wasn't rebellious or demanding, but it was harder to understand why she did the things she did, what went on in her head. It had been easier when Threasa, his wife, was around and Kaia was younger. Threasa was the care-giver; she seemed to understand Kaia better than any of the males ever had. Since his wife died he hadn't known how to act around his daughter. How did one understand a young woman? Edinon sighed and turned back to look at the herd of horses milling about in the corral. He really didn't know what to do here. Threasa would have, but he just didn't. Kaia was getting older, more independent. There were times he just wanted to have her become a little girl again. When would she want others to notice how adult she was becoming? Right now Kaia was happy being the youngest, the baby, but when would that change? Edinon had to wonder if she'd leave when the time came. The man sighed and shook his head. Putting a smile back on his face, he called out to Kaia and Ethon. "Come on you two, get over here and help us!" Ethon smiled and ran towards his younger brothers, ready to help separate the male and female horses into different corrals, but Kaia stopped and looked at the horses her brothers and father had captured. As always there were dozens of bays and roans, a few sorrels and whites and even a couple buckskins, but no blacks. The girl felt a small, but deep anger swirl through her chest as she slowly walked forward. Years ago Sauron's servants had stolen the majority of black horses in the land, taking them to serve as mounts for his Nâzgul. It was a horrible crime and the land of Rohan was now sorely lacking in black equine. It always hurt the young woman to never see a black hide among the many colors. She didn't understand why, though. Kaia sighed again and shook her head to clear the unpleasant emotion away. She didn't want to worry her family over something they couldn't fix and she really didn't want to feel this way right now. The young woman walked over to her father to help. Two weeks later a group of Riders from Edoras, under orders from the King, came to The Wold for a new herd of horses to take back to the Capitol city. A message had been sent to Edoras telling Éomer that Edinon had a group of newly tamed horses ready to be ridden and bought. The small family couldn't have known that their message had never reached Éomer, but Gríma Wormtongue instead. Kaia smiled as she saw the riders approaching. She loved when they visited, always having news of the outside world and the rest of Rohan. Today, though, they already seemed unusually quiet as they rode closer and the young woman looked side-long at her brother in question. He shook his head slightly, unsure. Could something be amiss? "Hail Ethon, son of Edinon. How goes the horse training?" called a man, the leader of the group, as they approached the two riders waiting for them not far from the house, barn and the corralled fields beyond. Ethon bowed his head in respect. Keeping his horse still with a gentle hand and replied in a clear voice. "It goes well Lord Bruma. The horses are ready for you and your companions. Please follow us." As the men followed Ethon, Kaia rode up alongside staying close to her brother, but kept her ears open for the news that would surely come. As the men greeted her father and dismounted, her apprehension grew. Something was wrong. These men spoke naught a word about the Kingdom they loved, about Edoras or their King. The Horselords were proud of their country. If they talked of nothing else, they would talk of Rohan. And yet, they remained quiet. The young woman did not think to ask a thing, not with the type of gloom that seemed to sit over them all. The group soon pulled up at the wooden fence, looking at the docile horses that gazed back at them with curiosity. Kaia smiled a bit and dismounted, ducking into the corral. She knew to stay out of the men's way, but she was more then happy just being with the horses before many of them were taken away for good. The young woman walked through the herd, patting and crooning gently to the equines, but her attention was more focused toward the Horselords. What was going on? Even now they had yet to truly smile, had yet to relax. It was almost as if they expected an attack... Were they going to stay the night like usual? Would they talk then? Kaia was so wrapped up in her thoughts that she hadn't yet registered that the horses around her had moved away...or that she was being frantically shouted at by her brothers. The young woman blinked and looked toward them finally, only to look behind her as that was where their gaze was directed. She froze, staring at the biggest stallion she'd ever seen. She didn't know where he'd come from for this horse was black, as black as a night sky without stars and would not have been missed by her family had he been in the herd. This all registered fairly quickly in her mind and so did the fact that this horse was angry. Dark gold eyes blazed fury, pinned ears and an outstretched neck spoke of a deadly intention to harm. And she was directly in the path of that danger as the horse aimed for the men behind her...or was he aiming for her? Strangely, she felt no fear and no urge to move. Was