FULL SUMMARY : After the War of the Ring : Arienel is finally betrothed to Elrohir and is now on her way to Rivendell with Morroch, the twins, Lothril and Elrond. Her shape-shifter plans on departing soon for the Dragon Clan, but Arienel still needs his support as she is to meet her blood-father, Thranduil, the King of Mirkwood for the very first time - though, she does not yet know it. To make matters even more interesting in this already anxious point in her life, Arienel's Foresight is starting to act up strangely...showing her a world she'd never imagined...but who's eyes is she seeing it through? And can peace with Harad really be reached? Aragorn and Faramir seem to think so, but what will the cost be and who will survive the perilous trip into enemy lands? DO NOT READ THIS WITHOUT READING Muinthel, Maethor, Mellon FIRST! Disclaimer: I don't own anything you recognize as being the work of J.R.R. Tolkien. Warnings: This is not a Legomance - he's already married. *cheeky grin* There is romance between Arienel and Elrohir as their relationship grows, but I don't write heavy stuff. There is no slash or hint of slash. This might be Mary Sue related - I'll let you be the judge of that. I am writing about the time after the War of the Ring. Some things will not be entirely accurate if you are a book-lover (I know because I love the books, too), but I will try to keep Tolkien's world in context. A/N ~ Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy! Bold is mind-speech. Northad ~ Riding Arienel looked over at the elf she'd come to love, remembering a time when he'd been almost awkward around her. Remembering a time when she blushed whenever he smiled. It hadn't been that long, but to look at him now and feel the almost overwhelming surge of happiness in her heart...she couldn't quite understand how she'd ever lived without it. The black stallion under her snorted and shook his mane in amusement at the thought and she frowned down at his neck. "I didn't ask you." "I'm grateful." Arienel pulled his mane and the shape-shifter whinnied in amusement. Elrond glanced over from his position to the right of her own and Arienel smiled, but looked away again at the foliage around them. She, the twins, Lothril and the elven lord had been traveling for little over two weeks now. They'd followed the Anduin River from Gondor up into the land of Rohan. The group had then gone west until they could cross the Entwash. From there, they'd traveled through East Emnet and then through The Wold. Passing through Arienel's home had been bittersweet for the elleth. She had been able to point out good places to camp, watering holes and places to keep the horses away from because of he holes in the ground that could break their legs. All this was useful, but sad as well, for she knew she wasn't there to stay. The elves, shape-shifter and Arienel stay with her family for three days before they had to move on again. They had now crossed the Limlight and were making their way across the Field of Celebrant. Morroch alternated between being very quiet and excited. He had lived in this land for a good two hundred years and it was familiar to him, both the good memories and the bad. The elves were much more lighthearted - not that they'd been heavyhearted before - as they came closer to the Golden Wood. Arienel knew they would not be entering Lothlorien, but she had to admit she was curious to see the forest that was home to Lady Galadriel. Morroch was just the opposite, wanting to stay as far away from the Lady of Light and her home as possible. The elleth just laughed at him. Arienel breath caught at her first sight of the Golden Woods of Lothlorien. Even from such a distance she could see that the leaves were golden in color, reflecting the sunlight beautifully. Elrohir grinned at her awed face and chuckled, tightening the reigns on his chestnut stallion as he sidled and champed. "You are not the first to look like that. I remember the first time I was old enough to appreciate the home of the Galadhrim." "It is beautiful!" Morroch could really have cared less about the woods and shook his mane, eying Talagor beside him. He'd never liked the horse and the feeling was mutual as the reddish stallion laid his ears back. Elrond looked over in amusement at them both and spoke to his son as he urged his own gray mare Lothuial into a canter. Lothril's own dapple gray mare, Tinnu, followed the elven lord without prompt from its mistress. "You are making the dragon nervous." Elrohir blinked and looked between his mount and Morroch's angry expression - even if it was directed at his father now. The dark-haired elf smiled, but shook his head and tapped his horse after his father and Elladan. Arienel sighed and patted Morroch's black neck. "You just couldn't behave, could you?" The shape-shifter's only response was a snort before he sprang into a gallop to catch the others. The elleth laughed softly and laid low over his back, feeling the wind whip her hair around. They soon had to slow, though, much to both their disappointment. They'd finally reached the Nimrodel and the elves dismounted - even Lothril - confusing the red-haired female. Elladan glanced back at her with the explanation. "The Nimrodel's waters are said to heal weariness. We will wet our feet before crossing on horse. The waters are safe to cross near the fall in Lothlorien, but not here. We must let the horses swim across at this point." Arienel nodded and dismounted, walking forward until she was at the edge the large, flowing river. Its waters were pure and clear, inviting. The elleth slipped her shoes off, but hung on to Morroch's mane as she stepped into the water, the stallion high-stepping in after her. He snorted. It was cold! Arienel shivered, but as the water ran over her feet and around her calves she felt a tiredness she hadn't been aware of having flow away with the river. A sense of renewal and energy came to her body and the elleth closed her eyes, suddenly happy. Arms wrapping around her waist gently had her looking back over her shoulder with a smile. Elrohir's brown eyes met her own sky blue and the dark-haired elf kissed her forehead. "I love you." "I love you, too." That night they made camp between the Nimrodel and the Celebrant, west of Lothlorien and close to the base of the Misty Mountains. The black wolf yawned and Arienel could feel the motion from where her head lay on his stomach. The elleth was looking up at the stars, listening to the fire crackle close by. Lothril was already asleep, but the twin and Elrond were awake, sitting near the flames and discussing the route they would take. Moria was not even a suggestion, but they also did not want to cross the Celebrant - river much swifter and deeper than the Nimrodel and follow the mountains to the High Pass. "The only course left to us is Caradhras." Elladan looked at his brother with a raised brow. "Is the pass even clear?" The answer was delayed in coming as the horses suddenly started champing nervously, ears perked toward the woods at the bass of the mountains. Morroch had stood and Arienel did the same by his side. The wolf sniffed the air, his fur bristling. "Humans." The elves didn't relax their hands on their weapons, but they were much more prepared to be civil when three men finally seemed to melt out of the woods, hoods over their heads and their steps so quiet that Arienel was hard-pressed to hear them. Elrond and the twins released their weapons and smiled, the elf-lord stepping forward. "Hail, Rangers of the North. What brings you this far east?" The men removed their hoods and Arienel saw that they were tall and of regal bearing. Their eyes were sharp, keen and their appearance rugged. They reminded the elleth strongly of Aragorn. The man in front smiled and bowed his head. "Lord Elrond. We travel to Gondor to be with our Chieftain. What are my lords doing so far from Imladris?" It was not long before many more people had joined them, even some woman and children traveling with their husbands, fathers, brothers. They had gone from a group of six to a group of eighteen in the span of a half hour. Lothril had woken by this time and she now leaned against Elladan and the Dunedain conversed with the elves, telling them about the going on in the North and of the passes that would be open to travel. The women in the group - three in all with a teenage girl - were cooking something hot for the males over the fire. Both Arienel and Morroch hung in the shadows, avoiding being noticed, though, they had no delusion that they had not been properly noted by the Dunedain. Both the shape-shifter and Arienel saw many a glance cast their way, but nothing was said to them and they were left alone. The elleth was sitting with her knees drawn up and her back against Morroch when a small, brown-haired child approached them. He could have only been about five or six and his curious gray eyes held such innocence that Arienel couldn't help but smile. This seemed to encourage the young one and he came right up to her, resting a grubby hand on her knee. "Is he a dog?" The voice was a mere whisper. Morroch couldn't contain his chuckle and the boy leaped back, eyes wide. His sudden movement attracted the attention of every man, who reached for their weapons, and the women who looked over with sharp eyes. Arienel smiled, more for the child than for the adults. She wasn't worried about any threat from them, not with the the elves here with her. Her voice was soft as she spoke to the little boy. "What is you name?" The boy looked toward the men and one of them - Arienel assumed he was his father - nodded with a small smile, but still watching Arienel and Morroch intently. The child turned back to them and smiled, showing three missing teeth. "Sakalthor." "That is a long name for someone so young. My name is Arienel and this is Morroch. He is not a dog, but he won't hurt you." Sky blue eyes looked down into gold. "Will you?" The canine's tongue lolled and he looked at Sakalthor. "I do not eat little boys. Not enough meat on them." The child stared, his gray eyes wide, but with the innocence all children should have, he quickly overcame his surprise and giggled, moving closer to the wolf. A woman made to move forward, but the father caught her arm gently and she stopped. The man turned to the elven lord. "Do you speak for this creature, Lord Elrond?" The Lord of Imladris shook his head. "No, I do not, Abrazan, but Arienel does and I speak for her. She is engaged to my son, Elrohir." Arienel spoke firmly, having heard the conversation from where she sat at the edge of the firelight. "Morroch is a Shape-shifter Dragon. He is a Friend of Gondor and he is welcome in both the White City and Rohan. He will bring your son no harm, milord." Her information caused a small ripple in the camp, but the Dunedain did not pry, merely observing as Sakalthor came and sat beside Arienel, reaching out without hesitation to pet Morroch. "I thought dragons were bigger. You look like a dog." The shape-shifter shook with silent laughter and