Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Harry Potter characters, including Severus Snape, which grieves me greatly, but I like having them run around in my sometimes twisted little world. Age Six Racer Panting, Severus sat up in his bed. "Aragorn?" he called out and waited for a reply, but he didn't receive a proper answer – except for the soft sound of ruffling feathers. It was all the answer Severus wanted. There was no need in turning on the light. All was well – at least as far as it could be. With a sigh, Severus let himself fall back into his pillows and closed his eyes. Why was he having the same nightmare over and over again? And why did it have to feel so real? As if he had actually sent away Aragorn and involuntarily split up with Cathy. The thought alone made his stomach turn. But the truth he was facing wasn't much better. In fact these nightmares had started the night Dumbledore told him, that Severus was supposed to kill him. As if he could! Yes, he did promise, but secretly Severus had hoped to find a loophole. He had even asked Cathy to find a healing potion for Dumbledore's hand to stop the curse that made it decay, but as clever as Cathy was, she had not been successful. There was no use in going back to sleep now. Severus was wide awake now, so he got up quietly, so he wouldn't wake Aragorn, and walked to his office, where he sat at his desk, contemplating his options. Truth was he didn't have many. Try as he might he couldn't think of a way to avoid the inevitable. In the beginning, he had actually believed that by some weird coincidence the Dark Lord would have been defeated before Severus had to prove his loyalty to him. Unfortunately, luck had not been on his side once again. Severus sighed and as if Aragorn had guessed his troubles, the bird suddenly landed on Severus' desk. It was remarkable how well he found his way in the dark. Then again, he was an owl, a bird of the night. Still Severus was not, so with a snap of his fingers he lit the candle on his desk. "Hey," he greeted Aragorn, petting the owl's head. "I didn't wake you, did I?" "Hoo," Aragorn answered, indecisively. "I'm sorry," Severus mumbled. "I'm not sleeping that well, lately." "Hoo," Aragorn said, understandingly. "You don't want to know what I am dreaming of, though," Severus added, dully. "Hoo!" Aragron contradicted. "Believe me you don't!" Severus assured. "Hoo!" Aragorn insisted. Severus sighed. "Well, alright, maybe you do," he admitted. "But I'm not telling you." Aragorn inclined his head and gave Severus a glance that was unmistakable. Normally Severus would have joined in that staring contest, but today he was not in the mood. "Will you do me a favour?" he asked, instead. "Hoo," Aragorn agreed. "I would like you to deliver a message …" "Hoo!" Aragron said, excitedly. "No, not to Cathy," Severus replied, regretfully. "To Professor Dumbledore." "Hoo?" Aragorn asked. "The headmaster," Severus explained. "You know him, I'm sure. Elderly chap. Long white beard …" Aragorn looked at him, expressionless. "Anyway," Severus continued "I need to talk to him. I have made a decision. And I need to inform him about it." "Hoo," Aragorn answered. Severus nodded, then he took a piece of parchment and scribbled down a few lines. "Headmaster," he wrote. "May I have a word with you, preferably before tonight? In private, of course, concerning you-know-what. Please, send your reply as quickly as possible. Thanks in advance." He didn't sign it. Dumbledore knew his handwriting and in times like these it was better not to give too many information. Severus trusted Aragorn, but he had to be carefully anyway. Tightly, he rolled up the piece of parchment and sealed it. "There you go," Severus said, handing Aragon the note. "Be careful. Not all wizards are good." "Hoo!" Aragon confirmed, miserably. "You probably don't remember what happened two years ago, do you?" Severus said, feeling a chill running down his spine. "It took you three weeks before you were out of danger after the attack on you and three more to recover completely. And without Cathy's help …" Severus shuddered. "Let's just say, I'm not sure if I could have nursed you back to health again." "Hoo," Aragorn said gratefully. "I did my best, though," Severus added. "I was the first to leave the Yule Ball. Dumbledore was not amused. He called me a …" He stopped, pursing his lips. "Hoo?" Aragorn pressed. "A party pooper," Severus admitted, reluctantly. "A spoilsport. A kill-joy. A stick-in-the-mud, whatever that means." He rolled his eyes. "Must be a foreign expression he picked up on one of his travels," Severus mused. "Anyway, Dumbledore didn't spare me any insult. But I truly hope he will spare me tonight." He looked at Aragorn. "That's why this message is so important," Severus pointed out. "I have been through enough. The last thing I need is another murder weighing on my mind." "Hoo?" Aragorn shrieked, alarmed. "Did I say that out loud?" Severus gasped. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. Now, go and take my message to Dumbledore. Maybe he takes mercy on my soul." Aragorn squinted his eyes and regarded Severus for a moment, then he hopped over the desk, before he took flight and quickly, Severus got up to open a window for his owl. It was pitch black outside, but then Severus remembered that it was always darkest before the dawn. Severus waited all morning for a reply, but apparently Dumbledore was too busy to answer straight away. However, the letter Aragorn brought back in the early afternoon was utterly disturbing. "There is nothing to talk about," it read. "I will not change my mind, but if you are determined to have a tough time of it with me come to the Astronomy Tower at five o'clock." Finishing his classes unusually early for a Monday, Severus decided to pay Cathy a visit. Maybe she had found a solution for the dreadful curse that was threatening Dumbledore's life after all. It was a fool's hope, but a hope nonetheless. When Severus entered the Poison Pit, Cathy's small apothecary, it was a quarter after three in the afternoon and unfortunately, Cathy was busy serving a customer. Only shortly, she looked up and gave him a smile. "Professor Snape," she just said and continued with her work. The customer on the other hand turned around. "Severus?" "Narcissa," Severus greeted her, curtly. "What are you doing here?" Narcissa asked. "I could ask you the same thing," Severus retorted. "Well, I'm …" Narcissa hesitated. "I'm …" "Yes?" Severus prompted. "Nothing," Narcissa said with a sigh. Then she turned to Cathy, who was just labelling a small bottle containing a maroon coloured potion, which Narcissa had obviously demanded. "Are you quite finished?" Narcissa asked, impatiently. "I'm in a hurry." "Less haste, more speed, Mrs Malfoy," Cathy replied in a calm tone of voice. "As Professor Snape can assure you, good things take time." "I don't have any time!" Narcissa snapped. "Time's running out!" "Too true," Severus agreed, but neither Narcissa nor Cathy paid attention to his words. Instead, Cathy looked at Narcissa, curiously. "It's none of my business, Mrs Malfoy …" she began. "But are you in some sort of trouble?" Narcissa hesitated and Severus stepped closer, so he could see her face. She didn't look good. She was still pretty, though, but there was something in her eyes that Severus couldn't decipher. "You're quite right," Narcissa said after a moment of silence. "It is none of your business." Cathy nodded. "Fair enough." "Can I have my healing potion now?" Narcissa demanded. "What do you need a healing potion for?" Severus asked. Narcissa glared at him. "It's none of your business, either," she said icily. "Very well," Severus replied, raising a suspicious eyebrow. "But don't you think you can ask me a favour ever again!" "All I ask of you is to fulfil the promise you already gave me!" Narcissa snapped. "Otherwise I'm fine!" "Indeed?" "Yes," Narcissa hissed. "I really don't need your advice, let alone your clever opinion, thank you very much!" There was a long silence. Then Cathy put a small paper bag on the counter, in which she placed the potion flask, and shoved it towards Narcissa. "Here is your healing potion, Mrs Malfoy," she said, friendly. "And can I perhaps interest you in this?" She held up another small bottle, which wasn't labelled at all, but contained a Russet brown liquid. "And what is this?" Narcissa asked, confused. "It's a visitor repellent," Cathy answered. "It just came in, so to speak." "A visitor repellent …" Narcissa repeated, thoughtfully. "Yes," Cathy confirmed. "If you have, say, an unwanted guest you wish to be rid of …" She gave Narcissa a meaningful glance, which wasn't lost on Severus and alarmed he decided to cut in. "I think you don't need this, Narcissa!" he said, but unfortunately, Narcissa was already too intrigued to listen to him. "How does it work?" she asked, ignoring Severus' advice. "Easily," Cathy answered. "You just slip a few drops of the potion into your guest's drink and …" She grinned. "Well, let's just say, he'll pretty soon decide that he has to leave, possibly never to return." "It doesn't work," Severus said, casually, but again, Narcissa chose to overhear his warning. "How soon?" she demanded instead. "Within a day?" "That depends on the amount of drops you add to the drink," Cathy replied. "The more, the sooner … but don't overdo it!" "It doesn't work!" Severus repeated, louder this time. Narcissa blinked and looked at him. "Doesn't it?" she asked, disappointed. "Of course it does," Cathy assured. Narcissa turned to her. "Really?" she asked, hopefully. "No!" Severus contradicted. "It doesn't." "Yes," Cathy insisted. "It does." Severus pursed his lips. He had half a mind to simply destroy the small bottle Narcissa was ogling at, but then he decided rather to respect private property than using violence. "Alright," he agreed. "Maybe it does work. But, Narcissa, you really don't want this." "Why?" she demanded. Severus inhaled deeply. "You just can't … afford it." Narcissa blinked. "Is it that expensive?" "Yes," Severus replied. "Free sample!" Cathy cut in, which earned her an angry glare from Severus. Narcissa bit her lips. "Well, if it's free …" "Narcissa," Severus said, trying to sound calm. "Believe me, you really, really don't want this." "But I do," Narcissa said, weakly. "I …" She took a deep breath. "My house has been invaded by … certain people," she explained, "They are robbing us blind and they won't leave! There is nothing I can do. Lucius is still in Azkaban, Draco is at Hogwarts and I am stuck with these …" Narcissa exhaled, closing her eyes for a second. "It's my punishment …" she then added silently. "Says who?" Severus demanded. "He did." "Who is he?" Severus replied. "Lucius?" Narcissa's lips began to tremble. "You know who," she then answered and it sounded as if she would burst out in tears any moment. Severus inhaled deeply. "I see," he said, understandingly. "But do you honestly believe he can be fooled so easily and that you will get rid of him simply by spicing his drink?" "It's worth a try, don't you think?" "No, actually, I think this 'try' will end in 'error' and it will cost you your life," Severus retorted, dryly. "Well …" "And your husband's," Severus cut in, even before Narcissa could finished her sentence. "Possibly even your son's." Narcissa's eyes filled with tears. It was obvious that she needed help, but there was nothing Severus could do – except save her from a major mistake. "You don't want this potion if you value your family's well-being," he said slowly. "Take my word for it." Narcissa's face began