Disclaimer: I don't own any of the mentioned Harry Potter characters, which naturally includes Severus Snape, and - after all this time - I still regret it. I like having them run around in my sometimes twisted little world, though. Seven Devils Aragorn was nervous and so was Severus. He could feel that the end was closing in and apparently, Aragorn sensed it too. He hadn't been sleeping for three days and hardly ever left Severus side, except of course when Severus had to make public appearances or meet with the Dark Lord himself. The times had become dark and dangerous. Nowhere was safe anymore. Every word spoken had to be carefully chosen in advance. Every breath one took could be one's last. Being the headmaster of Hogwarts came with some privileges, though. No one opposed him openly, no one even dared to. But he was still careful. No one could be trusted. Not even the message he had received that Potter had been sighted and was on his way to Hogwarts castle. Severus had to go out and see for himself if the rumours were true. The staff mistrusted him – of course they did. They were convinced that he was the villain the bad guy, the one who stabbed Dumbledore in the back. Only one person knew that it wasn't so – one person in the whole Wizarding world. Cathy was his only confidant right now. She trusted him and he trusted her – even enough to send her letters. They were all written in code, so in case Aragorn was intercepted, no one would be able to understand what they were really saying. "You have to leave now," Severus told Aragon, who was sitting on his perch. "The time has come." Aragorn looked up, alarmed. "Hoo," he refused. "It's not what you think," Severus explained. "I am not abandoning you. I just want you to fly to Cathy." "Hoo," Aragorn gave in. He flew over to Severus and landed gently on his shoulder. "But you must be careful," Severus warned. "I trust, you know whom to avoid and you know what to do and how to do it, right?" "Hoo," Aragorn confirmed. "And you will stay at her place, until I fetch you." "Hoo?" Aragorn asked, confused. "Look," Severus began. "You really can't stay here. It's too dangerous. Someone might want to hurt you in order to hurt me, do you understand?" "Hoo," Aragorn said, reluctantly. "So, you will fly to Cathy and you will wait there until this is over, alright?" "Hoo." "And if I won't manage to fetch you …" Severus paused for a second. "… then there will be very good reason," he said, evasively. "But I promise as long as there is one fibre of my being still alive, I will come for you." "Hoo," Aragorn said, understandingly. He was such a clever bird. Severus was proud of him. He had never imagined that he would ever grow so fond of a pet. But Aragorn was something else. And so was Cathy. Cathy. If only he could see her one more time before the final battle began … just exchange a few words, look at her and tell her … No, there was no use in dwelling on dreams. He had to keep his post, until Potter was caught and the Dark Lord arrived to take over the castle. And then it would come to the final showdown. A noise in the corridor made Severus flinch. "Go," he said to Aragorn, opening a window. "Take care of yourself and don't worry about me. I'll be alright." It was a straight lie and Aragorn seemed to sense it. Tenderly he rubbed his beak against Severus' cheek and cooed softly in his ear. Even though his beak was a bit rough ever since his encounter with the false Mad-Eye Moody three years back, it was comforting. But this was not the right time and place for comfort. "Go now," Severus urged. "I have to find out what the noise is all about." "Hoo," Aragorn replied and with that he took wing and flew out of the opened window. Severus sighed. Something told him that he would never see the bird again. This night would decide whether the good side or the dark side was to rule the world from now on. All he had to do was to keep the Dark Lord away from Potter as long as possible and taking a deep breath, Severus left the headmaster's office. Standing in front of the small apothecary Severus looked around carefully, but when he was sure that the coast was clear, he knocked three times at the door, which was opened immediately as if he had been expected. "Good Lord!" Cathy exclaimed instead of a proper greeting. "What happened to you?" "May I come in, please?" Cathy stepped aside, so Severus could enter, and closed the door behind him. "You look like you jumped through a window," she established. "You're not too far off," Severus replied. "How did you know I would come?" "Well, you sent me Aragorn," Cathy answered. "Sit down and let me take a look at that cut." Reluctantly, Severus slumped on a chair and allowed Cathy to examine the small wound on his forehead. "It isn't much," she said. "But I will still put some healing paste on it." With that she turned towards her shelves, collected a jar and bathed a handkerchief she produced from her pocket in a strong, but pleasant smelling thick liquid. "It might hurt a little," she warned. "Hold still." Severus clenched his teeth, when Cathy pressed the cloth against the cut wound, but managed to suppress a yelp. This was nothing compared to what was waiting for him. This small cut was only the beginning. "Actually, I sent Aragorn so he could stay with you," Severus explained through gritted teeth. "I cannot take him with me. Where I am heading to I must go alone." "To You-Know-Who," Cathy said – it wasn't even a question. "Where are you supposed to meet him?" "The boathouse," Severus replied. "How romantic!" "Yes, he always liked to be dramatic." "Well, then you two should join a club," Cathy said with a smirk. "Because you like a little bit of drama, too." "I already did join his club, remember?" Severus snapped. "Yes, I remember," Cathy answered. "I think your wound has stopped bleeding." "Can we, please, leave that scratch alone and focus on the really important things here?" "Of course," Cathy agreed. "Can you hold this for a second?" With that she gave Severus the handkerchief, which was a soaked with blood. "Hmm," Severus mused, carefully touching the wound on his forehead. "The cut was deeper than I thought it was." "It was pretty deep, yes," Cathy confirmed. "Don't touch it! It is nearly healed." "Already?" "Yes, thanks to my Quix-Fix-Mix," Cathy said, proudly, pointing at the jar, she had dipped the handkerchief in. Severus squinted his eyes. "Quix-Fix-Mix?" he repeated. "But isn't that the stuff I confected?" "Yes," Cathy answered. "But I improved it a bit. I added some herbs to give it a better scent. It's a big seller, especially in times like these." "Do you still have customers?" "More than ever," Cathy replied. "Even the Death Eaters frequent my apothecary." "You sell your products to Death Eaters?" Severus gasped. "Someone has to pay for the food on my plate, right?" Cathy retorted. "You are a true Slytherin," Severus remarked. "Do I detect a hint of criticism?" "No," Severus replied. "Forget it." Cathy grinned. "Already have." Severus nodded. "Here," he said, throwing the handkerchief on the table. "Thanks." "No, keep it," Cathy insisted. "But it's soiled," Severus observed. "Wait just a second." Severus looked at the handkerchief and noticed that the blood gradually began to vanish until the piece of cloth was white as snow again. "See?" Cathy said, almost proudly. "It's magical. You might need it in case you jump through a window again." Severus huffed. "Fat chance that will happen," he said, disparagingly, but he stuffed the clean handkerchief into his pocket nonetheless. "It wasn't the nicest experience." "I can imagine," Cathy replied. "Will you tell me, where the sudden urge to do it at all came from?" Severus made a dismissive gesture. "Long story!" "Cut it short then," Cathy answered. "What happened?" "Potter managed to break into Hogwarts," Severus said, miserably. "He confronted me, in front of everyone in the Great Hall and I was stupid enough to attack him." He sighed. "But McGonagall got in my way …" "This old Gryffindor witch?" "Well, this old Gryffindor witch can still be pretty scary when she is pointing her wand at you," Severus growled. "Don't tell me you fled!" Cathy gasped. "Well …" Severus drawled and Cathy sighed. "By Merlin, where is your spine?" she scolded. "Why didn't you just stand up to her?" "Because I decided to choose my fights wisely," Severus explained. "I couldn't have succeeded. The Carrows were already knocked out, leaving the rest of Hogwarts against me." "Even the Slytherins?" "I didn't stay long enough to find out," Severus admitted. "From where I was standing it seemed that all the teachers and students stuck together like glue to protect Potter." "So he is still alive and kicking." "Yes," Severus confirmed, miserably. "And he still hates me." "Well, according to you, pretty much everyone at Hogwarts hates you." Severus looked at Cathy. "What about you?" he asked, hesitantly. "Do you hate me, too? After all I have done, I mean." Cathy looked at him seriously, but then a smile formed on her lips as she shook her head. "Severus, you know damn well that I don't hate you," she answered. "Quite the opposite. No matter what you have done in your life." "I'll tell you what I have done," Severus replied. "I killed people, including Dumbledore." "Dumbledore was beyond help, anyway," Cathy answered. "So that must be considered a mercy killing. And for the rest …" She sighed. "To be honest, I don't care about your past," she explained. "What's really important is your future." "There is no future for me," Severus said darkly. "I can feel it in my bones. The Dark Lord will kill me. I know it. Tonight is the night I die." Cathy nodded slowly. "Shall I make some tea?" she suggested. "Tea?" Severus gasped. "Are you out of your mind?" "No." "The Dark Lord is merely inches away from victory," Severus explained. "I am the only one who stands in his way. Hogwarts has turned into a battle field. People have lost their lives. I will lose my life. So, how can you think of sipping tea?" "It's supposed to calm the nerves," Cathy said, plainly, as she turned to the tea pot and poured out boiling water into a mug. "I don't believe it!" Severus exclaimed. "Do you honestly expect me to sit here with you, sucking down Darjeeling, while there are people dying out there?" "Yep," Cathy answered, putting a mug with the steaming hot beverage in front of Severus. "But I'm afraid, it's not exactly Darjeeling. It's my own blend." She smiled mischievously and Severus jumped up from his seat, nearly tipping over his chair. "Enjoy," Cathy added, unmoved by his reaction. "Believe me, you'll feel better." "You're incredible!" "I hope you mean that in a good way." "Definitely not!" Severus snorted, folding his arms in front of his chest. "Pity," Cathy replied. "Now drink your tea." Severus exhaled sharply and even though he was not thirsty, he took the mug. The porcelain was warm, but despite that he gulped down the beverage and cursed under his breath. "It's hot," Cathy warned. "Yes, I noticed," Severus hissed, trying to fight the numbness in his mouth. "Thanks for warning me in time." "You're welcome." Severus shook his head. "Sarcasm is totally lost on you, isn't it?" he asked. "You seem to be very happy in that little