Hello everyone, and welcome to The Dark Revival: a story of Harry's, Ron's, and everyone's quest to defeat Gallen Ingot, the wizard of unnatural power who commands the rogue Death Eaters six years after the conclusion of the original series. I've been planning this for some time and I'm glad to finally get started on it! I know reading long authors' notes can be tedious, so if you're really impatient with this stuff like I am, you can get an acceptable amount of information by just reading what I've written in bold. Of course, I do suggest reading all of it. I know it's long but there is a lot to know about this project and it's all important. But you don't have to if you can't sit through it, and I wouldn't blame you. A longer summary follows. Below that are a few things to know. Six years after the fall of Voldemort, Harry must don his title of hero once more. As the Head Auror, he is tasked with cleaning up the mess and dealing with the new threat that has emerged. Voldemort's remaining Death Eaters have gathered behind a new leader, Gallen Ingot, to make their final stand. A man of immense power and just as little remorse as his former master, Ingot threatens to destroy everything for which Harry and his friends have worked so hard. The Death Eaters are making their final stand; the Aurors will simply have to stand stronger. Fighting threats both internal and external, Harry must save the world from multiple enemies and make good on his promise to clean up the Ministry and the world. Features pretty much every somewhat important character who's still around after the Battle of Hogwarts. The point of view is mostly Harry's but will shift from time to time. Now, a couple notes on this project: Firstly, you don't need to read my other works to read this. I'm the author of a series of seven Albus Potter books, the first of which is entitled Albus Potter and the Global Revelation ; I'm currently finishing up the fourth. There have been references to the events of the Dark Revival in my books, and there will definitely be some crossover characters between my two projects (this series and Albus Potter), but you don't have to read either to read the other; all the information needed for this story is given in this story. However, reading both will give you a much more colorful experience, and you'll find a lot of very interesting connections. I will stay in canon as far as the extent of my knowledge (which is pretty damn far) and will also hold true to factoids about the Dark Revival which I have presented in my Albus Potter series. Despite the fact that the very first chapter of my Albus Potter series reveals exactly what will eventually happen at the end of this story, there's so much possibility for complex underlying plot in this concept that it was impossible to resist writing. In addition, the plot for the Albus Potter series was conceived by my good friend Andy, but I thought it was time for me to take on a major project that's more of my own. It's set inside the world that Andy created, but most fan fiction is generally in worlds that have already been created anyway. But I'm constantly discovering how there is still so much room for expansion. So, almost everything and every concept you'll see that wasn't already introduced in JK's Harry Potter books or my Albus Potter books is my invention. But please, IF YOU READ MY OTHER SERIES, AND YOU KNOW SOME INFORMATION ABOUT WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN FUTURE CHAPTERS OF THIS STORY, PLEASE, PLEASE DO NOT WRITE SPOILERS IN YOUR REVIEW. NOT EVERYONE KNOWS AND NOT EVERYONE WILL WANT TO KNOW; PLEASE BE RESPECTFUL. Secondly, in this series, language will be coarse, sex will be had, and death will be a constant presence. Keep that in mind. This is going to be a very mature story, much more so than my other works. I'm not afraid to kill characters. There will be a lot of original characters, and trust me, not even your canonical characters are safe. Thirdly, updates will not happen regularly, but WILL happen fairly often. I will not have a schedule for uploading; it all will depend on how much free time I have in the coming days, and when I feel the inspiration to write another chapter. I won't give a general time frame either because I really don't know; however, I will say that if I notice I haven't updated in two weeks or so, I will try and make it my priority not to keep you hanging for three. But this is subjective to my schedule. With certainty, I can say this project will be taking a backseat to my Albus Potter series, but I will also say that I will NOT leave this story without an update for more than three weeks, EVER, no matter my schedule, and preferably not even that long. In general, though, please don't ask me when I'm going to update; I would like to answer, but I will not be able to! Fourthly, I will eventually be making a list of characters so that you can keep track, because there are a lot of original characters. This list will probably take a while to compile. When I finish, I will let you know in a future author's note on a future chapter of this story. Fifthly, as is the case for my Albus Potter series, if you leave a question in your review which I can answer without sufficiently spoiling the story, I will list your question and answer it in a section on my profile page. You will find this Q&A section at the very bottom of my profile. I pay very close attention to reviews from my readers, and if you want to strike up a conversation with me, I am very responsive to PMs and would be happy to discuss theoretical concepts and plotlines. Sixthly, the chapters will generally be between 2000 and 3000 words. Some may be longer, but they won't be shorter than that. There are a lot of chapters planned for this story. Don't ask me how many, though. I know, because they are all planned out and named already, but I'm not telling you. And lastly, just know that I'm going to put forth all my efforts into this work... so i f you like it... PLEASE share it with your friends, or recommend it to others on this site or other sites! Building a reputation is how other people find my story, and constructive criticism from as many people as possible is how I improve. I really want to write the best story possible for you guys; please help me in return by letting people know I'm here. I would REALLY appreciate it! If I have any other announcements, I will write them in the chapter itself, before or after the actual chapter, as well as posting it on my profile. Please read these author's notes when I post them because they will generally be important; they won't be nearly as long as this one. And that's all you have to know for the series. Without further ado, here is the first chapter and the opening to the story. I hope you enjoy it and I hope you pass it on. Happy reading! -Cody chapter one a very weasley wedding sunday, june 6, 2004 "Bright sunlight," said Ron, stretching his arm across the sky to display its beauty. He paused mid-stretch and used the hand instead to block out the sunlight, which was apparently too bright. "Gorgeous temperature. Cool, gentle breeze. Could we have picked a more perfect day for the wedding?" "No, I don't think we could have," said Harry, rolling his eyes but smiling. "It's almost as if you hired Gustavo Nostrello's entire South American family to do a continuous 'Sun Dance' for the whole wedding, to ensure perfect conditions." "It's almost as if that is the case," said Ron, poking Harry on the nose, "but that's our little secret." "Ours and Gustavo's," said Harry. "But I may or may not have heard Gustavo telling the entire Auror Office." "Ah, what do I care," said Ron. "It's worked, hasn't it?" "So far," said Harry. "It could also be that, you know, the forecast was sunny." "Because of the sun dance." "Sure," said Harry. "Let me check who's here…" He pulled out the guest list, which was crossing names off of itself as he watched. "Ah, where's Adelaide?" he said. "She's usually an hour early to everything." "I heard she took a brick to her face in an exploding house," said Ron. "Maybe she's nursing a concussion." "Jeannine Jackman just arrived," said Harry. "Hide me. Who else… We're still missing Dean and Seamus… Stenet and Monroe… the Walkers… oh, ugh, and Duncan and Chinch—did you really have to invite the entire office?" "Well, I couldn't just invite everyone and leave out Duncan and Doctor Chinch," said Ron. "They'd notice. And I see them every day, so I don't want them to hate me." "Kimilla Devine just arrived, too," said Harry. "Damn." "Could you start finding people on my guest list that you won't spend the whole day complaining about?" "You couldn't have picked a more perfect day," said Harry, a hand shading his eyes, "but you certainly could have picked a better attendance. Why is Devine even here? She hates the both of us." "If you don't stop I'm going to make a house call to the Malfoys and get Draco to replace you as best man." "If you want me to stop, don't threaten me with a situation I'd pay money to see," laughed Harry. It is a perfect day, though, he thought as Ron walked into a back room to prepare. He looked up into the brilliant cerulean sky, dotted with the occasional cloud; Ron's siblings had taken brooms to the sky and shaped all of the clouds into hearts, probably baffling Muggles in the nearest towns… but then again, worrying about that part wasn't the Auror Office's job. Ron hadn't spared any expense—well, any free expense, that was. And Mrs. Weasley's finest cooking was waiting for the guests. "Harry," said Percy, walking over with his wife, Audrey. "Percy!" said Harry joyfully, extending a hand. Percy struggled to shift baby Lucy in his hands so that he could reach out to shake Harry's, but eventually he succeeded. Audrey held Molly, now a toddler. "How are things?" he asked. "Wonderful, really," said Percy. "Guess who's now the Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic?" "Molly?" guessed Harry teasingly; Audrey laughed. "No, it's me, actually," said Percy. "That's fantastic! " exclaimed Harry as Percy smoothed out his robes proudly. "What happened to Lydia Weiss?" "Kingsley dismissed her," said Percy quietly. "He doesn't trust her anymore; says she's been sneaking around a little too much and liaising with disreputable individuals." "Can't you just phrase it like, 'talking with bad people?'" said Audrey, shaking her head. "I never liked Weiss much," said Harry. "Hello, Bill!" Bill walked over with Victoire and greeted his family; Fleur was scolding Victoire for using magic on a honeybee she found in the garden. "Magic already?" said Harry, impressed. "Molly showed magic yesterday," said Percy proudly. "That puts her in the top twenty percent in the world already!" "Only you would compare three-year-olds," said Audrey, rolling her eyes as she tousled Molly's hair. "That has no correlation to ability. Hell, I still haven't done any magic in my life and I think I'm pretty successful." "Except for your husband," said George, walking over. "That's a bad blemish." "Hello, George!" said Harry. "Where's Angelina?" "Sitting down," said George. "She's got some sort of parasite in her stomach and she needs to rest more than