~*~Once Upon a Midsummer's Morn~*~ by Armariel Bittersweet and Butternut had no real business going to the haunted cabin that night, but that never stopped them. And this time, it turned out to be a good thing they did it. It so happened that a moonflower vine was growing over the cabin and it had bloomed for the first time ever, and they were anxious to sample the nectar. They were young Fairies yet, and always up for something new, and so there they were. But no sooner had they come close enough to try out the new flowers, that was when they saw something queer. The cabin had once belonged to a woodcutter near the village of Tuckborough. He had long since died, and no one else had ever lived there. It was rumored that he had been found by some hunters with his own axe stuck right into his skull, and that his ghost roamed about the place, moaning and wringing its hands, and so few folks ever even came out this way. So when Bittersweet and Butternut spied a Big Person coming up the path that led to the cabin, carrying something over his shoulder, they were duly alarmed, so much so that they forgot about the flowers (which goes to show how very much alarmed they truly were) and debated with each other for a full five seconds whether or not to tell their queen. Note: "Big Folk" is fairytalk for Hobbits. "Big Big Folk" is what they call the people Hobbits refer to as Big Folk. Then there are "Big Big BIG Folk" which means trolls, which no Fairies in this neck of the woods had ever actually seen...although there were some who claimed otherwise. Fairies, like Humans, are not above telling a few stretchers now and then. "We should tell our Queen," Bittersweet said. "He is going into the cabin now." "Why should we tell her?" Butternut said. He was her twin brother, and had a bad habit of questioning everything she said, since he didn't dare do so with his mother. "Because we should," Bittersweet replied. "But why?" Butternut persisted. "Because it's queer," Bittersweet said. "Likely he is up to some mischief." "We should stay and watch," Butternut reasoned. "It may prove interesting." Bittersweet would have thought so, had her brother not been so tiresome about it, questioning everything she said. Then again, if she said she would go and tell and he could stay here and watch, he would get to see and she would not. And she would not put it past him to take all the nectar also. Perhaps this Big Person was someone he had conjured up, just to get her out of the way. So finally she said she would stay and watch. You are now wondering, "Didn't all this take a good bit more than five seconds?" But the thing is, the Fairy language is the complete opposite of Old Entish. It goes by so fast, humans are unable to hear more than squeaks and chirps which those of the duller sort usually assume to be bird or insect noises. If a Fairy takes more than two seconds to tell of the doings of the previous day, other Fairies are apt to think he or she is being frightfully long-winded. And so the twins watched until they saw the Big Person go into the cabin, whose door made an awful shrill and scratchy noise as he opened it, so much so that he stopped and eased it open little by little, so that it would not hurt his ears more than it had to. (At least, this was the assumption the twins made as to his carefulness.) Then he disappeared inside, and soon came out again lacking his burden. Then he took something from beneath his outermost garment, and since his back was turned to the Fairies, they were unable to see what he was doing with it. They heard some clanking and clicking noises, then a soft chuckling sound, and the Big Person turned and began sprinting down the path it had come up. Very queer indeed. "We must tell our Queen," Bittersweet said. "I want to go inside and look," Butternut protested. "And I wish to tell our Queen," Bittersweet insisted. "What is that thing on the door?" Butternut edged up closer, then made himself big. Fairies can be any size they wish, but they do not like to stay big for longer than necessary, since in order to stay so they must concentrate, and concentration can get tiresome very quickly. Moving up on the steps, he peered closely at the object in question, which appeared to be several oblong metal rings all linked. And a big clunky metal thing holding the ends together. "He put a necklace on the door," Butternut concluded. "A very ugly one," said his sister, who had also made herself big. "He would have done better to make a wreath of daisies, if he wished the cabin to look prettier." "Or clover blossoms," Butternut said. "Or columbines, or coneflowers," Bittersweet said. They used up fully another three seconds discussing what flowers would look best on the cabin door, before they remembered what they were about, and the queerness of the situation. "I'm going inside," Butternut said. "But the woodcutter's ghost might be about," Bittersweet protested. "Maybe he would think we put that ugly necklace on his door for spite. Things could get very nasty. We should ask our Queen what we should do." Finally, after wasting a full six seconds more arguing about what they should do, they went to the Queen. However, they did wait until almost daylight, lest she be cross at being interrupted at her nightdoings. Petal was one of the oldest and wisest Fairies in the Tookland, and she was unique in that she had married a Mortal. Of course, that was about three hundred years ago, and her mate was long since dead, but he had a great many descendants, and she stayed around and sort of looked after them. Few, if any, were ever aware of her presence, but she did not mind, and sometimes fixed things for them when they could not do so themselves. How she came to marry a Mortal is a whole different story, for another time. Suffice it to say, it was meant to be, and so it came about. And it was how she got to be Queen. That, and the fact that she could change her eye color. She could make them go from green to blue to gold to lavender to silver and back again. It was a skill very few Fairies had, and so it gave her all the more distinction and put others in awe of her. She enjoyed being Queen. It gave her the chance to fix even more things. So it was that Bittersweet and Butternut came running up breathlessly-or say rather, they would have done so had they been mortal; as it was, they simply popped into Petal's sight. It did not startle her, since Fairies are not very startleable. She merely raised her eyebrows, such as they were. "So he carried something into the cabin, and then put an ugly necklace on it," she said. "You used up five seconds to tell me that?" "A very ugly necklace," Bittersweet reassured her. "A big metal clanky-do," Butternut said, at the same time. "This sounds most odd," the Queen said, her eyes going gold, "but why did you see fit to tell me of this? Is it aught that needs fixing?" "I do not know," Bittersweet said, "but it is very queer. I thought we should ask you what we should do about it. The air was bad when we came away." "Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad," Butternut agreed. The Queen frowned. Having lived among mortals, she could tolerate a bit of redundancy now and then, but this was a bit much. "I will go and have a peek," she said. When they reached the cabin, the twins were disappointed to see the blossoms had closed up. Then Petal made herself big, the better to examine the "necklace." "'Tis a lock and chain," she said, then leaned in closer, hearing a muffled whimpering sound coming from within. Concentrating hard-when she was married to the Mortal, being big had gotten to be a habit with her so she didn't have to concentrate so hard, but now she was out of practice. She had not only to concentrate on staying big, but also on breaking the chain-rather like walking on a tightrope and juggling at the same time. No easy matter. But break the chain she did, and as she opened the door, she saw a Big Person-a female-sitting on the edge of a broken-down bed, with a cloth tied about her face, and ropes binding her wrists and ankles! This was a bit much for Bittersweet and Butternut, who lost their concentration and became tiny once more, and since Petal seemed to have forgotten their presence, after a few seconds of debate as to whether they would go or stay, they went, deciding it was time for their rest after such a harrowing night. Petal broke the ropes, then carefully untied the cloth about the female's mouth. Drops were coming from her eyes, and rather than wiping them away as Petal had seen mortal mothers do, she started to do as she used to when her own children were small, and turn the tears into tiny glittering insects of the sort known as salt-flies. But then she thought better of it and turned them into pearls instead. She caught them in her hand and showed them to the girl, who looked uncomprehendingly at them, so Petal turned them into diamonds, closing her fingers over them and opening them again to show, but the girl gave them the same look, so finally Petal turned them into salt-flies and let them spin sparkling away into the dim early morning air. "Are you a Fairy?" the girl asked sniffling. She was uncommonly pretty, despite the redness and puffiness about her eyes and nose, and Petal concluded from that she must be a Took, although she could not recall ever seeing her before. Petal was not much given to sarcasm, so she did not come out with "Whatever gave you THAT idea?" or any such caustic retort. She merely said, "I am. Pray, what is your name? Besides Took." "Diamond," the girl replied sniffling again. Petal gave her the piece of cloth and she blew her nose into it. "Diamond Nor...how did you know my name was Took?" "Because you are so pretty," Petal replied with a disarming smile, and blue eyes. "Not many of the Big Folk are. But good looks run in the Took family." "Big Folk?" Diamond looked puzzled. "I am not of them. I am a Hobbit." "Big Folk are what we call the Hobbits," Petal replied. "Oh, and my name is Petal. Petal Took. I am a Took also." "But...wait," Diamond looked at her in wonder. "How can you be a Took if you are a Fairy, or a Fairy if you are a Took?" "Because I married a Took," Petal replied, green-eyed-she had kept her eyes green when her husband lived, and they always became so now when she spoke of him. "It was a great long time ago, and he is long dead now. Tell me, Diamond, how came you here?" "We moved here about a year ago," the girl said rubbing her nose on the back of her hand. "We come from Long Cle-" "I mean, here," Petal said with a wave of her graceful small hand, which made a musical swishing sound. "In this cabin." "I don't knoooow!" the girl wailed, and more tears came from her eyes. "I do not remember coming here at all! And I can remember naught from last night. All I remember