A/N: This story is a follow-up, in part, to "Elanor's Yuletide," taking place several years later. It was written for the LotR Community "Hit the Books" challenge, my prompt being James Joyce's A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man . Since Elanor is obviously not a young man, I had to take the liberty of altering the title a bit.:) ~~~~~~~ A Portrait of the Artist by Armariel It had been a long time since he had been to the Towers, but Fastred Fairbairn was curious to see his grandfather's new acquisition. The old hobbit was a collector of artworks, and had a number of paintings and drawings and sculptures he had picked up here and yon. Fastred's father had been heard to mutter that the fellow had gone a trifle daft in his old age. That's scarcely a nice thing to say about your own father, his mother had chided him. 'Tis true nevertheless. What sort of hobbit collects old pictures and odds and ends of junk? A wealthy one with naught better to do, I suppose. Well, at least he didn't go about like that old Baggins fellow, slaying dragons and such, or I could scarce look my friends in the eye. Dratted if my own son isn't starting to take after him. If only he'd choose a wife and settle down. He's thirty-eight years old, after all. It's high time the young rogue was getting married. I thought he has his sights on Iris Mayhew? I thought so too, once, but a friend told me he'd seen him with that Bridgewater lass a few days ago. He can't seem to make up his mind. Just give him time, dear. He's young yet, and a very comely fellow, if he is my own son. You know how the maids flirt with him, and he's not rude enough to tell them to leave him be. Ha! Of course he's not. And Iris is not quite yet of age, you know, and they are not officially betrothed... And so it went. Fastred got on much better with his grandfather than with his parents. At least the old chap wasn't constantly hounding him to marry and settle down. He paused and looked up at the tower of Elostirion, where his grandfather dwelt and maintained both an impressive library and his art collection. He remembered the stories, how the palantir of Elendil was kept here so that one might look out and see the Blessed Realm from the top. But it had been taken there many years ago, when the last of the Elves left Middle-earth. He wished he had gotten a chance to see it, but he had been but a little lad when that happened, and had not even known such a thing existed. The tower was white and lofty and very beautiful, and he had always enjoyed going up into it. His parents never would go with him. They much preferred to keep their feet on the ground, as they liked to say. "Ah, there you are, my lad," Andres Fairbairn said over the spiral staircase that led to the first level above the ground. "I saw you coming up the road from the gallery window. Would you like some refreshment?" "I would indeed," Fastred said as he ran lightly up the stairs as he used to do. He and the grey-haired hobbit embraced, laughing a little, and Andres went to his wine-cupboard to procure the much-desired brew. "This is really why I come here, you know," the younger hobbit said as he sampled the delicious white wine. "Of course it is," Andres chuckled. "Drink up, my lad. It will do you good. And prepare you for the masterpiece you are about to see." "And what might this masterpiece be?" Fastred asked as he took another sip. "I can scarcely remember the last one." Several of the pieces were of less than sterling quality, having been gifts, or works the old hobbit had purchased from friends or relatives who were a bit down and out. Fastred rather hoped the new one would be much better, having traveled several miles to see it. "You will see soon," his grandfather said. "It is most remarkable, I must say. And to think it was painted by a lass not out of her tweens yet." "Oho!" Fastred chuckled. "You still have an eye for a pretty lass. At least I come by it honestly. I certainly didn't get it from my father...not that my mother isn't comely, at that." Andres gave a little snort. "You'll think 'pretty lass', all right, when you see this painting. This way, young whippersnapper!" They stood in the first of the round rooms that housed the library, where some of the artifacts stood...including a suit of armor reputed to have belonged to Elendil himself. And a sword, shield, and spear hanging over the fireplace. "So who painted this remarkable work?" Fastred found himself asking as they mounted the next flight of stairs. "The Mayor's eldest daughter, Elanor Gamgee," Andres replied. "You have met Mayor Samwise, I know?" "Aye, I have...although it's been about twelve years ago," Fastred said. He was starting to get a little out of breath. His grandfather must have an amazing pair of lungs, living in a tower at his age. "But I met none of his family members." "Well that he doesn't take them everywhere he goes," Andres said. He was starting to puff a bit, himself. "Next floor, my lad." "Thank the Powers for that," Fastred said. "If it were any higher, we might have to make a day of it and climb the rest tomorrow." "Ha!" Andres snorted. "Here I am three times your age, and I can climb the entire tower without stopping for breath." "I was joking, Granddad. But I do think you need to slow down a bit. Perhaps I should come live with you here. I think you need someone to see to you more." "I've your grandmother, and several servants, even if one of them has sticky fingers." "I thought you got rid of her, Granddad." "I will, if I catch her going through my coat-pockets again." "You won't do it. You're too much of a softy." "Ha! You only think so." "All she has to do is make big puppy eyes at you, and you'll let her stay as long as she likes and steal you blind." "You don't know me as well as you think, m'lad." Fastred laughed again, wishing he might sit down for a moment and catch his breath. But finally they were on the first floor housing the gallery. There was scarcely a patch on the walls that did not have a picture hanging on it. Many were portraits, of important personages that Fastred had barely even heard of, and there were pictures of historical figures of whom he had read or heard stories, but he could scarcely keep straight who was whom. Mostly Elves, and some Men, and a few Hobbits, including one Bilbo Baggins, whom his grandfather had met long ago, and had long since gone over the sea. He was the most interesting Hobbit I ever met, Andres had said of him. He could tell stories that would fair make your hair stand on end. I dare say he told a stretcher or two, but I didn't really mind. Told him he should write it all down, and he said he would. Samwise has the book in his keeping now. Wouldn't I love to have a copy for my very own! Perhaps I will, someday...who knows? Some of these sketches on this wall here were his. Look-that's Gollum, right there. Did you ever? Fastred glanced about for the new artwork, his eyes scanning the walls, and then his grandfather took his arm and steered him over to the western wall, and pointed over the fireplace, where hung a portrait in oils, in a very large elaborately carved gold-painted frame. Fastred's eyes widened. "Who is that? "Can't you guess?" his grandfather said with an almost wistful smile. Fastred put his fingertips to his lips. The face was that of a Hobbit, to be sure. Yet a face of uncommon beauty, with eyes that seemed to look pensively down into his. A face that housed wisdom, sorrow, knowledge of the sort most would not care to have, and also a firmness of purpose, a thread of invisible steel, a desire to know, to embrace, to uplift, to protect and enjoy and teach and minister, perhaps to those who did not even want it, were too small to look up and see one who stood too high above them even to notice. A face that even so, asked for friendship, for support and acceptance and love and guidance, did not shrink from asking for companionship or admitting to failure. The face of a poet, a lover, a seer, and a hero, all in one. "Frodo Baggins," Andres said softly, when Fastred did not speak. "He was but a lad when first I met him. How could I have guessed, then, that he would someday be the chosen one, who would go forth and take down the Dark Lord and fulfill the prophecy? You'd scarcely think it even now. And he went over the sea with Bilbo, they say. I wish I'd known they were going. I saw the folks leaving, from this same tower. But I never once supposed he and Bilbo were among them." "So that is Frodo Baggins," Fastred said when he could find his voice once more. "And a young lass painted that?" "Aye, she did. And she's not seen him since she was but an infant. She did it from a sketch someone gave to her when she went to Minas Tirith, a few years ago. Incredible, it is. She lived there for a year, you know, and was taught by the great Elven sculptor Alkhlokëion. Ever hear of him? He it was who designed the Argonath." "That portrait is plainly the work of someone in love," Fastred said, loath to tell his grandfather he did not know what the Argonath was. "So you've met her? What is she like?" He had a pretty good idea of what she was like already. But he had to ask. "Exactly as you think," his grandfather said with a knowing look. "And don't get any of your big ideas, my fine boy. She's still a young thing, twenty-eight or twenty-nine, I should think, not nearly of age yet." "How does she look?" Fastred asked before he could stop himself. "I suppose she must be quite the beauty herself? Or not? Nay, likely she's plain as dirt. Couldn't pick her out of a crowd. And yet she has it in her to create such a thing as that." He looked at his grandfather with raised eyebrows, waiting for the old hobbit to fill him in. But Andres merely shrugged. "Never you mind it, young fellow. You're a flirt and a trifler, and she's the treasure of her father's heart and the apple of his eye. You might come up missing a valuable part of your anatomy if you go sniffing around his daughter without-" "'Sniffing around his daughter'!" Fastred exclaimed. "What am I, a dog? I intend no such thing. I merely asked what she was like. So you're not telling?" "Nay, I'm not," Andres said. "What of Miss Mayhew, anyway? I thought you were keeping company with her?" "Well, she is not quite of age yet either," Fastred sighed. "I don't know, I was fair smitten with her once. But that was a year ago...and now? I don't feel as if I know her. She's very pretty, not stupid, and reasonably well heeled. Even so, I'm just wondering if there's really anything to her or not. She talks a good deal, and yet...I could not tell you one thing she's ever actually said ." To his dismay, as he