"Master Gimli, look what I've brought you," Edenost called as he came running up the steps of the west wing of the Palace, rather awkwardly with both hands behind him. The old Dwarf was reposing on a long chair facing a splendid garden full of trees and bushes that seemed to be always in flower. Paths made from an attractive silvery stone arranged in swirling patterns wound through the grounds, fountains trickled refreshing falls of clear water and featuring bronze and marble figures stood here and there, and best of all, beautiful ladies sat about talking, doing needlework, painting, or playing music. One of these was the Queen herself, who sat beneath a tree full of white blossoms, playing a merry tune on the harp as her two-year-old great-granddaughter stood by watching in wide-eyed wonder. Little Edenost, the son of one of these ladies and of Lord Elrond's son Elladan, darted over the terrace and stopped before the old Dwarf, breathlessly, grinning and holding something behind him. "Guess what it is," he said. He looked to be about eight years old in man-years, although he was actually about twelve, his straight dark hair slightly wind-blown, his cheeks flushed, his large dark eyes sparkling like black diamonds. "It's HUGE!" Gimli shut his eyes. Before closing them he glimpsed Elladan in the distance, partially hidden by a bush, and Legolas beside him. He gave no indication he had seen them, however. "Is it...a bag of gold, then?" he said without opening his eyes. "Nay," the little boy said with a giggle. "Guess again!" "Is it a ship with her sails all unfurled and ready to put out to sea?" "Now how could I hide a ship behind me?" Edenost said with a little pretense at exasperation; he knew the Dwarf was only teasing him. "One more guess." "I hope 'tisn't another Eagle's child," Gimli said. Radagast, who was now known as Aewendil, had brought over just such a creature recently. It was the biggest chick the Dwarf had ever seen, not to mention the loudest. Its cry had nearly ruptured his eardrum. "Nay," the boy laughed. "The other one was bigger than myself. I would be afeared to hold it." "I'm out of guesses now, I suppose? So what is it?" "I cannot change it without dropping it, I'm afraid," Edenost said, "so I shall have to show you with my back to you. I hope you won't mind." With that he turned about, and backed toward the Dwarf, whose eyes grew twice their size at the sight of what the boy held. It was a large iridescent dark-grey stone with several cobalt-blue crystals jutting from it, and a cluster of snow-white fluorite spikes coming from beneath the crystals, and tiny chips of gold here and there. In the shaft of sunlight in which the boy stood, the whole thing glittered like water full of sun-sparkles. "Where did you get such a thing?" Gimli exclaimed, taking it from the boy's hands and setting it between his knees. "From my uncle Amonost," the child said. "I've been visiting there all morning. Legolas said you would know its name. When are you going to come out there with us, Master Gimli? There are ever and ever so many beautiful stones there, you know. And Legolas says there is a cave very like the one you told of, and I am dying to see it, but I wish you to go with us." "I would be glad to, laddie, when I am feeling more up to it," Gimli said, fingering the gorgeous stone in wonder. "So...it seems Mahal has not forgotten me after all. Look how smooth the stone is, how it shines. It did not come out of the earth so, I am sure." "Aunt Gloryfall polished it," Edenost informed him. "I asked her how she did it, and she replied that she puts the stones all in a bag and hangs it in a waterfall, and the next day they are all smooth and shiny. But her eyes twinkled all the while, and I think there is something she is not telling me. Ada said a true artist never tells her secrets. You must see the wall she made for her garden. It looks like the bottom of the sea, they tell me. She made it with many, many stones such as this. Oh and please do not tell of it. She does not like many people coming to see it. Only a few at a time." "Now you're rousing my curiosity, laddie," Gimli said, eyes glistening. "So, did your uncle and aunt give you this?" "Aye, but I wish you to have it," Edenost said. "Do you not like it?" "It is the most beautiful stone I have ever seen," Gimli said. "But it is a wondrous gift. Would they not want you to have it, and would you not have it yourself?" "I told them I would give it to you," Edenost said, taking a seat beside the Dwarf on the floor. "I told them how you liked the small stones I showed you, and asked if I might give you this one, and they said of course I might. You should see the path in their garden, it is even better than this one. It has more colors, and looks like stars and flowersflowers and fishes and butterflies and birds all together. And there is a stairway that goes up a cliff, that Uncle Amonost and Uncle Moonrise made. They are both sculptors and stonecutters, you know. It is paved with beautiful stones and shells and glass and mother of pearl also. There are suns and moons and stars and fairies and birds and jewels all over it. And statues of black and white marble all along. Out in the village where the Children of Ulmo live." "Aye," Gimli said, "I have heard tell of it." "So when are you coming there with me?" Edenost asked. "Soon, laddie, soon," Gimli said. "It is a long way out there, is it not?" "Aye, it is," Edenost said. "But Ada and Legolas will take you out on their horses if you like." Gimli did not like. He had never liked horses to begin with, and after a bad accident which ended his career as a warrior, he liked them even less. It had been but a month since he had arrived on the Island. The voyage had seemed endless, and he had suffered many aches and pains, as well as sea-sickness. Aewendil, whom he still thought of as Radagast, had brought along many remedies, but they had run out, and Gimli had gotten gout that became agonizing, so that Radagast had invoked the sea-lord, Ulmo. Lord Ulmo had put the Dwarf into a deep sleep for the rest of the voyage, and Lord Elrond ministered to him when they had arrived, so that within a week's time the pain was nearly gone, and in two weeks Gimli was able to hobble about a little, having been confined to a wheelchair for the past two years. Soon he would be able to walk without a limp, the Elf informed him, as long as he did not overdo things, and did as he was bidden. Now he had a very nice apartment in the west wing of the Palace, simply furnished the way he liked, with a big window overlooking the gardens. He had a servant-lad to bring him his meals and help him bathe if he wished, and the ladies made wonderful music every evening on the terrace when he was retiring, and the food was delicious, and Edenost and other children visited him every day and talked to him by the hour. Here he could gladly abide for all the days he had left. Legolas' quarters were next to his own, along with the Elf's father, Thranduil. However, the Palace did not suit Legolas nearly so well, and he was in the process of building a house for himself and his father far out in the forest. He had cordially invited Gimli to share it, all the while knowing there was not the slightest chance the Dwarf would do so. Thranduil was the one thorn in Gimli's side here. He and the older Elf had never learned to tolerate each other. Gimli found him insufferable, supercilious and overbearing, and could scarcely bear to be in his presence for long at a time. Thranduil was polite enough to the Dwarf, yet there was a falseness about the politeness that grated on Gimli, who concealed his aversion only for Legolas's sake, and spoke of it to no one but Radagast. The sooner the older Elf moved out, the better. Yet he would miss Legolas sorely, even though the younger Elf had assured him that he would visit often. Still, he was away for days at a time, spending his nights in the forest. Legolas loved building things. After the War of the Ring, he had retired as a warrior and spent his days building dwellings in Ithilien, then in the land once known as Mordor, helping to make it habitable, and Gimli had done his part, chopping wood, making tools, forging nails and hinges and plowshares and suchlike, for as long as he was able. And then Legolas had begun his biggest project, building the little ship that would take them to the Blessed Realm, and he had promised Gimli that if he lived long enough, he would take him along. Gimli liked the water as much as he liked horses, but the thought of seeing the Queen had enabled him to overcome his trepidation,even though he was so old and feeble by the time the ship was completed, he doubted he would survive the journey. Yet thanks to the solicitude of his friends and his own innate toughness, as well as his longing to see the Lady one last time, he had endured. The Lady walked in her Garden every evening, and Gimli found it enough to be in her mere presence. He would watch her from his window, or from the terrace, sometimes walking with her Lord, and there was a glow about her as she did so, that magnified her beauty tenfold. Gimli had to wonder at himself, almost grateful to Lord Celeborn as he was, when logically he should have hated the Elf-lord with a vengeance. Celeborn was a most gracious host, who saw to the Dwarf's needs and made sure he was comfortable at all times, and never treated him as a burden or an unwelcome guest, and his politeness was never forced or insincere as was Thranduil's. He seemed to genuinely like Gimli, who had considered him rather dull at first, and wondered what the Queen could possibly see in him. Yet now he was beginning to see it, and his liking and respect for the Elf-lord continued to grow. Elladan and his twin brother Elrohir, together with their wives and Edenost, lived just above Gimli and Legolas, and they spoke of building their own houses also, but did not seem in any hurry to do so. Edenost took to Gimli immediately. The Dwarf was not especially fond of children, but he was more than glad to make an exception for Edenost. The little boy listened to Gimli's tales of his adventures over and over, and brought him many things, including the stones he found so fascinating. And seashells, and bits of sea-glass, and a strange formation one of his cousins had found on the beach, saying it was made by a bolt of lightning striking the sand. The objects sat about Gimli's apartmentsapartments now, giving it a strange and wondrous appearance, particularly when they caught the evening sunlight through the window. "Have you any cousins, Master Gimli?" Edenost had asked him recently. "I'm sure as I have, laddie," Gimli said after a startled moment. "Although I've not seen them in well over a hundred years. I dare