Light from the West by Armariel Synopsis: This collection is a companion-piece to "Bear Me Away!" and "Anemone," which recount Frodo's adventures in the Blessed Realm. In "Bear Me Away!" Frodo speaks of writing letters to Sam and reading them aloud by the light of his star-glass. Here are excerpts from some of those letters. I. Luminescence Dear Sam, Bilbo is asleep at last—I had to turn him on his side so he wouldn't snore. I doubt an earthquake could awaken him now. And it's not as if I had to shout into this glass to make you hear me! Is it? Yes, I'm certain you can hear me, with your heart if not with your ears; I can tell by the way the glass glows golden when I talk to you. Normally it glows a bright silvery white, as you well know, and only when I speak the words to make it do so. But when I talk to you, it glows a pale warm amber, not nearly so brilliant, more like candle-light, very easy on the eyes, and such a sweet comfort; I feel as if you were very close at hand. So I thought I would write down these words and read them to you just as I would write you a letter. Dear Sam, I know you are angry with me sometimes. I can tell by the tint of bright red in the glass, and then I feel I am not reaching you. I cannot blame you. I know I kept some things from you and perhaps I was wrong in doing so, but I prefer to think I did so for your sake, wishing not to spoil your happiness, although deep down I knew I was only putting off what was to come. I was far sicker than even I realized when I left. Lord Elrond said I did you a tremendous favor by leaving, and I hope and pray that I can make you see that. I think you see it already, but cannot help feeling anger just the same. But I am determined not let it keep me from trying to reach you. I have been here I think about two weeks, maybe more. I'm not allowed to get out of bed except to go to the privy. They've rigged up a little chair on wheels so that I don't even have to walk there; I merely climb in and Bilbo or whoever is handiest pushes me down the hallway. You would not believe the privy; it is a thing of wonders. For one thing, it is inside the house ; I thought Bilbo would faint when he first heard that! The pot is half full of water and when you're done you pull on a chain and the water and, ahem, other matter is sucked down into a hole at the bottom! I dare not ask where it all goes. Then the pot is refilled by means of some sort of hidden piping. I can only wonder how such a contrivance would go over in the Shire? But enough about that! It can get very tiresome lying here in bed all the time, even though they wait on me hand and foot and I can lie outdoors on the terrace as much as I please during the daytime. It's very bad and ungrateful of me to complain, and I'll try not to do too much of it, but I hope you don't mind if I bother you with my grumbling occasionally. And there are books here to read, perhaps hundreds. The library is right next to our room, and I've barely made a dent in it yet. But I'm getting quite an education, learning of birds and beasts and plant life and people and customs and lands I didn't even know existed. (Did you know that some people eat horses?? Insects?? Bird's nests???) They won't let me read for long, but someone will come in and read to me when I've exceeded the time allowed to me to do my own reading, and they are happy to discuss what we've just read, and answer my questions, and impart some of their own knowledge to me. I have to admit, that when it's Lady Elwing reading to me, I find it very hard to concentrate on what she's saying for listening to the sound of her voice! I don't think I've described this room, have I? The floor is tiled in a way that never ceases to fascinate me. It is made of white, ivory, rose-colored, dark-grey, silver-grey, and bluish stone, along with some that are white with a black veining. They are arranged into large starry patterns and it makes me dizzy to think how much work must have gone into laying the floor alone. And they are polished to a high gloss and when the candles are lit in the evening, it looks as if the floor is full of stars and I am floating amongst them. There is a small fountain in the middle of the room, made of the same sort of stone interspersed with gems of a rose-cream color and others of a deep red. There are pots of flowers and small plants set about it, and Bilbo and I both enjoy sitting beside it and dangling our feet in the water. But if we keep too still, there are little gold fishes in it that come and nibble on our toes! Bilbo got a shock from this at the first also; it made him rather angry, in fact, and he wondered if gold-fishes were good eating! They are much too beautiful to eat, however, and I told him so, emphatically, and he laughed at me. The walls are made of wide panels of a white stone with a silver sparkle in it when the light shines brightly on it, inlaid at the edge of each panel with some of the rose-colored and bluish stone and the black-and-white marble. At the top of each panel is a fan-shaped carving of leaves and flowers, inlaid with a few of the same gem-stones in the fountain. Below each carving is a candle-sconce of filigreed bronze with a crystal shade, and from the ceiling hangs a chain with a large round chandelier also of bronze, with prisms hanging down that catch the light in dancing colors. On the side where the back wall should be, there are only columns, in white marble also inlaid with gems and mosaic tiles; a white lace curtain hangs there and also a heavy drape of crimson velvet that you can draw if you want privacy. I seldom have it drawn at night, however, because I like to gaze out at the sky before falling asleep. The wall that is not a wall faces north-west and sometimes there are colored lights in the northern sky that take my breath away completely; I wish you could see. Green, gold, dark blue, turquoise-blue, scarlet, rose, orange, and silver-white. Some are as clouds and some are as light-beams radiating downward or upward; others are as streaks or swirls or giant flowers, and they move and shift and drift about with entrancing slowness. I wonder sometimes if they can be the souls of Gandalf's fireworks! And I forget about the splendours of the house for a while; no Elven architect can even come close to the Divine one…. A lengthy description of the garden follows, along with a good bit of rhapsodizing over the beauty of the Ladies, during which Bilbo suddenly awakens a full five minutes before Frodo realizes. Thereafter he resolves to confine his outpourings to the Garden . II. Yachting Dear Sam, They threw a great party in our (mine and Bilbo's) honor on the beach last night! At last I got to see the beach—it being early in the afternoon when it began and late at night when it finished. I am still not allowed to walk around much, although far more than I was, as you know already. But the Elves carried us out there in something called a "litter", which is a wide chair with a fringed shade atop, supported on long poles which are born along on the shoulders of four Elves—yes, much like a coffin, but we were open to the air, so don't be alarmed, Sam! I was horribly embarrassed about so much fuss being made over me in public, while of course Bilbo enjoyed every minute of it! I wish I were more like him sometimes. We sat on big cushions piled on the sand for us, and Elf-children argued over who got to serve us. The one who served me was a little Elf-lass called Lyrien, who is the niece of our maid-servant, Tilwen—Tilwen's mother is the dearest friend of Lady Celebrían, which is how she came to serve us. I believe I've told of her to you already. Lyrien is considerably younger than the other children—she's actually smaller than I am—but she has no qualms about telling them that SHE will serve me and that's an end of it! But she does generously allow her best friend, Marílen, who is also her cousin on her father's side, to help. So there we are with two little Elf-maidens bringing us one dish after another. "This is SQUID," Lyrien announces to me at one point, most importantly, waving the huge plate with the strange-looking whitish matter on it under my nose. "You will pos—posit—positively not BELIEVE how good it is! Taste it!" I remember seeing a drawing of a squid in one of Lord Elrond's books. Remember that monster with all the arms, Sam, in the lake at Moria? This creature appears to be a distant relative of it—and it is eaten as a delicacy here?? Well, repressing shudders with every ounce of determination I have, I take a bite, which I have no choice but to do with the sweet child's lovely eyes watching me so intently for my reaction—perhaps I can send her off for some fruits and hide the squid in the sand when her back is turned—but it isn't nearly as bad as it looks! I don't know yet what they do to it, but it's quite palatable in fact. And, the fried clams and shrimp and buttery crab-legs that go with it are incredibly delicious. I had been fretting on the ship about whether Bilbo and I would like sea-food. Well, I doubt I shall ever fancy oysters, which the intrepid Elves eat raw here, but I must say they look—ahem--entirely unappetizing. I've not worked up the nerve to try them yet. And there are some fishes called "anchovies"—when I first bit into one, I spewed it right out again before I could even think, mortified at my horrible breach of manners afterward. But leave it to Bilbo—he tried one and found it entirely delicious! I expect him to try raw oysters sooner or later! Of course, we are not able to do much, Bilbo being old and I being "infirm", as they put it—but it is wonderful just to be able to get into the open air, and see the seashore, and so many Elves putting themselves out for our enjoyment. I had not known Elves could make so merry, or that they were so fond of dancing, and that their dances had so much variety and intricacy, such fire and passion, or that they ever danced for the entertainment of others. There is one, danced by three couples, in which the ladies wear a black silk gown with a white waist and a skirt that is quite full and a bit short (above the ankles! Have mercy on a poor old sick hobbit!), richly embroidered all over, and of course, brightly colored flowers and feathers in their hair. The waist leaves the arms mostly bare and the ladies wear many bracelets on both wrists and ankles, which jingle when they dance. The males