Chapter 1: So it begins Author's note: Well, okay. We have been building and perfecting this story for probably two years now. We would very much like you to know that this is our first written fan fiction and that English isn't our first language (No matter how hard we wish it was). So if you find anything that could be improved, please let us know and we will gladly see to it. Since crying over The Return Of The King, wonders have been blossoming in our heads... What in the valar's name happened to the characters?! Did Legolas see Aragorn again? How was Aragorn's life as a king (apart from his family and departure in the books)? What the heck did Thranduil do after renaming Eryn Lasgalen?! Anyways, all of this to tell you that we (high functioning fan girls that we are) decided to create our own version of events. Don't worry; there will be action, love, tears, death and a freaking amazing bad guy (That you probably already know Muahahaha). Important information: This fan fiction happens 30 years after the events of The Lord Of The Rings. According to the books, Aragorn now is married to Arwen and has three children: A son and two daughters. Legolas, for his part, became lord of Ithilien and brought grace back into the shadow lands. For those who didn't know, he has heard the call of the sea. Gimli became lord of the glittering caves, where once was Helm's Deep. Thranduil rebuilt Mirkwood (now renamed Eryn Lasgalen) with Celeborn and there he remained. We would like to thank the many authors that inspired us into finally writing this Fan fiction; Legolass Q (who wrote For The Love Of The Lord Of The White Tree), e1nav57 (who wrote Tales Of Mirkwood: Legolas and Tauriel), HelloDenmark (who wrote Coldness, Aid From A Friend, War Of Light And Darkness and Haven), Nightwing (who wrote To See A World), etc. Also, you will probably notice that not much happens in the first chapters. Do not despair, it only serves in setting the context and the characters right. The next update might take some time, but all the ones after will be faster since the story will already be written. We are posting this first chapter to see the response of the readers. Disclaimer: All the wonderful universe of Middle Earth is not ours but that of the wonderful writer J.R.R Tolkien. Some of the characters and the events that will be talked about are the wonderful creation of genius Peter Jackson (Although, some characters are, or partly are, our creation). Oh and by the way, even if you probably already know this, no money is made from this story. PS: We are not Gollum... Simply two writers (sisters, actually). And don't worry... We read the books and studied them thoroughly (You can be sure it won't end up with Legolas and Aragorn doing some horny stuff while watching Thranduil beat the crap out of Gimli with a candle holder). A Pillar In Crumbling Fields Chapter 1: So it begins. " I sit beside the fire and think of people long ago and people who will see a world that I shall never know. " J.R.R Tolkien "... Although I do believe that if we are to trade with the dwarves, my lord, changes should be made concerning the communication techniques." At this moment, if Legolas could have rolled his eyes to the back of his skull, he would without doubt have done it. He had been listening to his counselors' chatter for what had seemed like a lifetime, which appeared endless considering the long life spawn that his kin was given. "I do agree with you, counselor Raumion, the ravens are indeed confusing. Their tongue is unknown to the ears of those who welcome their message." And there it was again, a reason not to trade with the dwarves. Since his visit to The Glittering Caves and his appointment as Lord of Ithilien, Legolas had taken the decision to break the wall of hatred between his kin and thus of Durin. In other words, he had decided to trade with the people of his dear friend Gimli. Although, no matter how hard he tried, his counselors would always find any detail, as worthless as it could be, to make the task worthy of the courage of Beleg himself. It seemed that beyond the friendship of Legolas and Gimli, the two races were still reluctant to communicate with each other. "Indeed, and if we are to use messengers, I am afraid that the dwarves would but slow us down. If we were to call for aid, this city would fall before their arrival." Said Raumion with obvious disgust in his voice. "But this shall not be necessary," argued another "these are hard fought and well earned times of peace. I do not believe war will be upon us anytime soon." "Peace is but an illusion, not only the Dark Lord can wage war against our forces." Raumion answered. Ai valar, Legolas had the feeling of listening to his father's words once more. Then he remembered: thus he had not done in decades. In fact, he had not heard the voices of those he loved in a really long time. His duty of rebuilding Ithilien and moving his people to the forest had taken all his mind and time. And these he was wasting these two yet again listening to counselors who did not comprehend their lord's will. Since his acquaintance with the world of the mortal, he began to understand the notion of time, and the knowledge that his best friends' years were counted made their passing distressing at times. He never counted time before. He used to simply follow the continuity of the earth and flow with its current. But when he met Aragorn, when he encountered mortals, it became different. Although, even if he had this knowledge, he could not say how long it had been since he had last seen his best friend... Or Thranduil, his own father, for the matter. He did miss Aragorn dearly and was eager to see him again. In fact, he had been since the moment he had left the white city. The wedding of king Elessar, on the eve of his departure, truly had been majestic and enjoyed by all. Legolas had watched his friend in one of his purest moments of happiness, which made him feel the same. Tears had swelled in his companion's eyes as they did in his, and when the pair came face to face, they held tightly for much time, but that was not what took their breath away. All their desperate labors had finally brought the days of peace so highly desired, a new age of love, friendship and hope. After ages and ages passed at war, at fighting constantly, at bleeding from the arm of the enemy and shedding tears for loved ones lost... The light had finally taken over the shadows and the Dark Lord was defeated, washed away from Middle Earth forever like footsteps on the beach fading under the cold waltz of the waves... The waves. Those that were restlessly calling for him, whispering in his ears. And when he would but listen for a mere moment, he could almost hear a dangerously melodic euphony taking hold over his conscience and slowly attempting to drown him away from the world he knew. But he could not surrender to the whispers of his people. He could not because he had sworn... He had given his word and never did or never will break it... He had sworn... "Hir nin Beriadan?" Beriadan. Defender of men. Legolas had chosen it as the name representing him in his lordship. Why? Probably because it was the king of men's favorite... "Aragorn, mellon nin, please, this is serious." Legolas declared in exasperation. "Right" the man answered in exagerated pride, "Because it will pass into history!" "Aragorn this is serious..." "I still believe 'Las' to be the kingliest name you could find..." "Oh do you, Wingfoot?" Legolas answered, a smirk blossoming on his lips. Aragorn froze at the use of his old nickname, his grin slowly erasing itself from his lips. "My friend, that was truly a low hit." "And I believe 'Las' was not?" The elf answered, his smirk widening. "Clearly you display no apparent talent in finding names..." "Is this a dare, old friend?" The human answered threateningly. "Well it depends on how you take it..." Aragorn then stopped talking and stared in the air for a few minutes, seemingly in deep reflexion. After some time, his eyes softened and he looked at Legolas with true wonder. "What about Beriadan?" "Defender of men... Why?" "Ai, and wise they call the elves." Sarcastically said Aragorn. "Legolas, you fought for those who were not your responsibility even when you could walk away and go back to the safety of your people. Did you not earn that name? You risked your life when you knew you could live in undisturbed peace beyond the shores of the sea. Besides, if you do not consider yourself as a defender of men, consider yourself as mine." Legolas lowered his gaze to his feet, completely speechless. He had always admired Aragorn and receiving such words from him honored the elf more than he could ever express. "Hir nin? " Legolas' eyes snapped out of the void as he was addressed yet again. He had completely lost the trail of the conversation and found himself unable to answer anything worthy of being spoken in a council. He never usually would have let anything distract him in his duty. In fact, nothing ever had. He had been training since he was five years old and distractions never were something he had, or his father, allowed himself. He turned his piercing blue eyes to the counselor who addressed him and quickly made up an answer that could make some sense in this situation. "Am I wrong, dear friends, to state that this council has been only bitter remarks on the dwarves from your part?" The counselors suddenly all seemed uneasy, looking anywhere but in their lord's astonishing eyes that seemed to pierce through their very soul. Legolas could see Arthon, one of his most trusted friends, at the other end of the wooden table trying to stiffen his laughter, which he was, as always, failing at. His friend then raised from his place and started pacing around the table, exaggerating his gesticulation as he spoke in a caricatured kingly voice: "I do believe, my lord," Arthon answered with less credibility than a child as he bowed exaggeratingly, "that you were, are and always will be of great wisdom." After this declaration, his goofy smile changed into an expression of annoyance and subtle threat. "And as well as we all should, we always listen to the words of the wisest and of course never question their WISE advise... Don't we counselors?" At those last words, he winked at Legolas with a mischievous glint in his eyes. "Havo dad, Arthon." Legolas spoke, gesturing towards his friend's chair. The elf obeyed, and once seated he began to throw suspicious looks at the troubled counselors, voluntarily putting pressure and guilt in their doubting hearts. "Well," Said one hesitantly, "Perhaps we could suggest to..." He cleared his throat." King Gimli that our people take the role of messengers." He then looked at his lord expectantly, on the border of fear. Legolas turned his head towards him and declared: "It is a good idea indeed." The concerned counselor let out a breath he did not know he was holding. "With the agreement of the dwarves, I will see this political arrangement instaured... Unless you do not all agree." "Who, around this table, is agreeing to the fact that the elves of Ithilien will assure the role of messengers?" Asked Raumion. All the elves around the table raised