This story was written by a guy who used to have an account on this site. His username was NinjaKillerofWords , and his account was deleted by his father after he sadly passed away in a car accident at the age of 19. To preserve his only work I post it on my profile so he can live on. Once again I did not write this story and do not take any claim to it. Warning: Rated M and involves Lemon. Disclaimer: All characters and setting belong to Rick Riordan. Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase: The Construction Zone She was torturing him. Exquisite agony, that's what it was. Percy Jackson ran a hand through his hair and blew out a breath. He stood a few feet away from Annabeth, hearing her talk but not listening to a single word she was saying. He was too distracted at what she was doing. She had opened her blouse, in the middle above her waist. Underneath she wore a tight, white tank top that showed off her feminine curves just perfectly. He had trouble concentrating, especially when she started working on her blue prints for the cabins, stretching her lovely body upward and showing a handbreadth of her belly. That's when it started getting really hot in the construction zone for the new cabins. Percy rubbed the back of his neck, moving his gaze away from Annabeth, hoping it would calm his nerves just a little. He focused on a tool bin in the corner, trying to make out the words on a small sign attached to it. All he could recognize was the word flammable which obviously made him think of fire, which then led back to thinking about being hot, which then again led back to him turning his head to look at Annabeth. Not. Good. He swallowed as Annabeth stepped away from the table while placing her hands in her pockets. "You okay, Percy?" she asked without looking at him, while still going through her pockets. "Fine." He answered in a husky, broken voice. Annabeth shrugged, looking up and her forehead was creased into a little frown of concentration. "Where is that damned thing?" she whispered, biting her lower lip. A wave of ultimate and damning longing coursed through his body as his eyes fixated on her full, red lips. He knew he needed to look away or else he would burst and pounce on her where she stood but he couldn't move. His downfall came the movement the tip of her tongue moistened her lips. Thankfully, Annabeth didn't catch the slight growl in the back of his throat. Percy fisted his hands at his sides and forced himself to take a tiny step back. Yeah, maybe that would help the burn under his skin. Not. Annabeth straightened and glanced back at her blueprints. "I hate having to make cabins the exact way they want them." She said in a low voice. "Lathering up new ideas, and having them bounce on me for stuff they want different." Percy stumbled backward, hitting a small shelf with her blueprints. A few of them fell to the ground. He held on to the thing with dear life, his knuckles white. She's said "Lathering" and "bounce" in one sentence… "Percy, are you sure you're okay? You seem a little…off." He swallowed and forced a smile. "I'm fine." Green eyes stared at her and he tried his best not to gape as he watched her rip off the wrapper of a damned lollypop. Oh no. No no no no no no no… Annabeth returned her dark gazed to her blueprints, nibbling on the top of the lollypop. Percy watched her, as if an invisible force was making him do so. What he wanted to do was get the hell out of the construction zone and away from the temptation that was Annabeth Chase. He didn't move, though. He watched as the tip of her tongue moistened the green lollypop before her lips closed around it. The stem moved back and forth in her mouth, then turned as she played with it. There was a sudden loud crack and Annabeth jumped. Without realizing it, Percy had bent a part of the tool creates while gripping it. He cleared his throat at Annabeth's questioning glance. "I..um.." She frowned at him. "Are you really sure you're okay?" "Perfectly fine." He ground out, even though his skin was clammy, he was sweating and by the Gods – he wanted her. "I need to…go…now." Percy pushed away from the tool cart and when he passed her, he caught a whiff of her scent mixed with the smell of the lollypop. The hair on is arms stood on end and he shook his head. "Yeah. I have to…go." Stuffing his hands into the pockets of his pants, he headed to leave only to jump when he suddenly felt Annabeth's hand on his shoulder. "What's wrong with you Percy?" She asked, turning him around with a little nudge. Too close. She was way too close. Oh. Fuck. Eyes bulging, he watched her grin wickedly while she suckled the sweetness of the pop. "Don't go." She whispered. She was doing this on purpose, Percy realized when she walked towards him, licking the pop and grinning. That beautiful smile reached her grey eyes and they twinkled with something akin to want and definite lust. In the Construction zone. Holy Hades. They were alone and he doubted anyone would barge in on them but the entire place was outfitted with tools, wood, and a small shed. Percy didn't much care if anyone saw him naked but the thought that someone might see Annabeth in her pride and glory did not sit well with him. At all. Annabeth on the other hand, didn't seem bothered. "The equipment, Mr. D, cleaning harpies, Annabeth." Percy said in a deep voice, inclining his head upward to the midday sky. Annabeth's wicked grin made his stomach do a crazy flip-flop thing and she closed her eyes for a moment. When she looked back at him, her smile made his knees wobble. "All taken care of. We're all on our own now." Jag chucked, raising a dark brow. "How convenient having a daughter of Athena as a lover." The words were hoarse in his throat, saturated with growing need for the girl prowling towards him. She came forward, swaying her hips seductively from side to side until Percy had backed up into an unfinished wall. He watched her play with the lollypop, moving it back and forth in her mouth, "Are you nervous?" Annabeth asked with a slight chuckle. "I can see you're a little…beside yourself right now." Yes and no. Maybe. Yeah. Definitely yeah. "We should…" He cleared his throat. "…go somewhere else." Percy said while Annabeth stood before him, nibbling on her piece of candy. He lifted his hands and settled them on her bare hips, gently massaging her cool skin with his thumbs. Annabeth leaned into him, nudging his legs apart with her thigh. She laughed at his dark growl while she shoved the lollypop to the inside of her cheek. "I think this is just fine." She whispered, trailing her fingers down his throat. Backing up just a little, she took the pop out of her mouth and held it up to his lips. "Want a taste?" Oh…Gods. Had she actually asked that question? Percy swallowed audibly, taking a deep breath to calm his aroused nerves. It wasn't working. Percy noticed the lollypop was green and now glistened in the bright lights of the camp grounds. It smelled of fruits and sugary sweetness – just as he imagined her lips would taste. Locking his eyes with her dark grey stare, he reached up and grabbed her wrist in a firm hold. He pulled her hand closer, kissing her palm, moving upward along her finger until his lips almost brushed the lollypop. Almost. Annabeth bit her lip when the tip of his tongue touched the piece of candy. He lapped at it then, still holding her gaze. With a suddenness that surprised her, she was liquid inside. She felt warmth spreading into her limbs, she felt her cheeks flame and she felt her body tingle at the thought of taking him in. How was it that their places were so suddenly reversed? It had started with her teasing him and now he had her in his hands. And already he was doing very well with teasing her. She imagined what it would feel like if his tongue trailed along her skin, instead of playing with her lollypop… Annabeth opened her hand and the lollypop fell to the ground. It shattered into green pieces around her feet. Percy still held on to her wrist, staring at her, his face expressionless. But in his green eyes she saw that he wanted her. She could feel his arousal, almost smell it while she inched closer. Lifting her thigh between his legs, she gently rubbed her knee against his throbbing erection. The deep hiss that left his mouth urged her on; her hand slid down his chest, feeling his tight abs through his shirt until she reached the waistband of his pants. Percy closed his eyes and tilted his head back, feeling as Annabeth opened his belt, the clinking of the metal hitting loud in the large construction zone. She unfastened his pants and in the endless seconds that ticked by, he felt her eyes on his face. Annabeth leaned forward and dipped her head towards his ear. She grazed his soft skin with her teeth, while her hand slid lower and lower still. Percy held on to her hips, angling his mouth towards her bare, perfect neck. Annabeth felt a warm slickness on her skin, his tongue trailing a path towards her shoulder. Her fingers slid underneath the waistband, finding their way to the throbbing ache between his legs. Percy snapped his head back, biting his lower lip as he fought to stay in control of himself. The moan escaping his throat was deep, dark, and inviting. With her free hand, Annabeth lifted his shirt, motioning for him to lift his arm so she could yank it off his toned body. The black material fell to the ground silently, lying in a small heap next to their tangled limbs. Annabeth lowered her head to his chest, kissing between his pecs, moving her lips downward to his abs. She swirled her tongue around his naval, her grey eyes catching on his face. He looked beautiful this way, she thought. Glistening lips slightly parted, his eyes closed as he reveled in the sensation of her hands all over his body. And he was hers – completely and utterly hers, no questions asked. And she realized she didn't want to have it any other way. Annabeth straightened up and found his lips a second later, kissing him fervently while her hand grasped his thick shaft in his pants. He felt amazing; soft and so incredibly hard just for her. Percy encircled her with his arms, pulling her into a warm embrace as he kissed her back. A shiver ran through him, when Annabeth smoothed her fingers downward, gripping him just a little harder. Breaking the kiss, Percy hissed between his teeth and reached up to grab a portion of Annabeth's soft blonde hair. He held her in place, drowning in the feel of her, in the awed and lustful look she gave him. "I want you Wisegirl." He whispered, hardly recognizing the harsh, raspy voice as his own. Annabeth grinned. "Thought you wanted to go somewhere else?" "Fuck that." "That's all I wanted to hear." Their kiss was not gentle. It was a wrestle of who would win the upper hand, of who would lead the excursion into the territory of passion and ecstasy, heat and unending craving for one another. Annabeth sucked on Percy's lower lip between her teeth, she chuckled at his