I know, I know, I said I was going to get all of my old stuff done first before I started posting new material, but I wanted to try something new. And since I'm down to two incomplete projects instead of fie, I figured that this would be a good time. That and I've been hyping this on my profile page and a few author's notes in other stories. I decided to do a teen in Middle Earth story with a little bit of a twist after I sat down examined the Fellowship. I noticed that all of the members may have seen hard times, but at some point in their lives they wanted for nothing. Gandalf is friends and loved by many and if he wasn't so much of a wanderer, he would be able to live in a palace. Aragorn was raised in Rivendell; Boromir is the son of the Steward of Gondor; Legolas is a prince; the Baggins were wealthy and Bilbo passed it on to Bilbo; Pippin's a Took, related to Old Took; Merry is a Brandybuck, a well-known family; and Sam, though a gardener, would have been well paid. Sam would be more middle working class, but none of the Fellowship were ever dirt poor. And since someone from the 21 st century falling into Middle Earth can be a bit interesting, I thought "What the hay? Let's do it." Some of my favorite LOTR stories were GiME fics. Now for the warnings: this story is going to heavily rely on the movies and the script. Also 10 th Walker and OC. Speaking of OC, allow me to say something about him. His accent: Yes, I wrote it phonetically and I may not have gotten it spot on. I'm not trying to insult anyone, so I'm sorry ahead of time if it's a bit hard to read, but you got to remember that the people of Middle Earth have a hard time understanding him as well. I do not own Lord of the Rings, but the OC is mine. Please review at the end of the chapter and let me know what you think. Gandalf sat shivering on top of the Orthanc. Thankfully the rain had stopped, but the Grey Wizard was drenched to the skin. The wind only made him colder and it appeared that there would be no source of heat until the sun rose in the morning. Saruman had hoped that it would loosen Gandalf's tongue about the Ring. However, Gandalf was refusing to tell. Saruman's betrayal had been unexpected. The White Wizard had been the wisest and most powerful of the Istari, but he had forgotten their purpose in Middle Earth. He wanted power, to rule, and was siding with Sauron for it. Saruman appeared, holding a squirming figure. It was a boy! Not very young, but clearly still young enough to be at home with his mother. Saruman had a vicelike grip on the boy's neck, keeping him from going anywhere. "I thought you would need some persuasion, old friend," Saruman said. He let go of the boy and swung his staff. The boy let out a yell as he was pushed to the edge of the roof by Saruman's magic. The magic had also bound him so he couldn't move. "I think a trade is in order," Saruman continued. "The Ring's location for the boy's life." Gandalf looked at the boy perched precariously on the edge of the roof. His pale face was bruised, but his eyes were defiant. "Well?" Saruman prompted. "Don't tell 'im nuthin'!" the boy shouted at Gandalf. "Silence!" Saruman barked. The boy's mouth snapped shut, but he grumbled through the magical gag. Saruman turned back to Gandalf. "You were never one to let the innocent perish. You can save one here and now." Gandalf looked at the boy. The boy shook his head. Gandalf looked back at Saruman. Saruman snarled. "Fine." There was a final push to the boy and he slipped off the edge. A yelp told Gandalf that Saruman had released him from his magical bounds. "His death is on your hands," Saruman told Gandalf loudly. "If the life of another will not loosen your tongue, perhaps your own life will." Saruman whipped his staff around, sending Gandalf sliding across the roof. He continued to use his magic to throw Gandalf around like a rag doll. "A friendship with Saruman is not lightly thrown aside," gloated the White Wizard. He held Gandalf over the side of the tower. "One ill turn deserves another." A moth fluttered over Gandalf's face. "Embrace the power of the Ring or embrace your own destruction." Saruman pulled Gandalf up and forced him face down on the ground with a wave of his staff. "There is only one Lord of the Ring," Gandalf said, looking up. Blood was running down a cut on his forehead. From behind Saruman, where the boy had been pushed off, someone was pulling themselves up from the edge. Gandalf saw that the boy had managed to grab something on the way down and was now pulling himself up. The boy pulled himself up over the side and Gandalf returned his attention to Saruman. "Only one who can bend it to his will. And he does not share power." Saruman lifted his staff to finish off Gandalf. The boy let out a yell and tackled Saruman from behind. At the same time, an eagle cried out. Gandalf got to his feet and grabbed the boy by the arm. "Come on!" he yelled and they both jumped. They fell before landing on the back of a giant eagle and were flown away from Isengard. Gandalf had the boy tucked under him to keep him steady on the back of the eagle. This was his first good look at him. He had clothes that were made very well, but were dirty and worn to the point they were falling apart. The loose-fitting pants were made of a heavy material, but were stained so badly it was impossible to tell what color they originally were. The thick oversized tunic with a hood appeared to be black. On his head was a knitted hat with a black cloth tied around underneath. "Dat's up ahn my tahp ten list of da craziest shit I've done," the boy said. His accent was strange and Gandalf was having difficulty understanding him. "Are you hurt?" Gandalf asked. "I'm fine. You?" Gandalf wiped at the blood on his forehead. "I will heal." The boy nodded and pulled something onto his face from around his neck. Gandalf saw the boy was wearing dark grey fingerless gloves. He wasn't sure what the boy had pulled onto his face. Two pieces of oval glass came over his eyes and were held in place by a leather strap around his head. The glass was a little dirty, but apparently the boy could see out. "Dat's bettah." Gandalf noticed he was wearing another one around his neck. He also noticed the boy had a pack. The pack was dark and had patches of silver. They continued over the mountains until the sun rose, not saying anything. "I never asked your name," Gandalf said. "My name is Gandalf the Grey." The boy looked over his shoulder with a smirk. "Can't imagine why. Mine's Ricky. Ricky Weiss." "I must say, Master Weiss, I have not seen clothes like yours," Gandalf commented. "Where are you from?" "New York," Ricky replied. Gandalf frowned. "I do not believe I have ever heard of New York. I have traveled Middle Earth for many years and I have never heard a town by that name." Ricky snorted. "New York's naht a town, it's a city. And Saruman didn't know, eitha." Gandalf was very puzzled by the boy's accent. He was dropping certain R's, but heavily stressing others, like in Saruman's name, and barely pronouncing the rest of them. Also the TH sound came out sounding like a soft D sound. The rest of the accent sounded whiny. It was an accent that Gandalf had never heard before. Clearly the boy was from some far away land. There was more silence. "Way we goin'?" Ricky asked. "To meet with some friends," said Gandalf. "I was supposed to meet with them days ago." The eagle flew over one more mountain and it opened into a valley. There were buildings built into the mountains surrounding it. Many waterfalls flowed down into a single river at the bottom of the valley. The buildings were elegant, arches and columns reaching and branching like trees and water. Gandalf watched Ricky's expression morph into something of awe. It was clear he had never seen anything like Rivendell before. "Don't see nuthin' like dat in New York," Ricky said. Gandalf chuckled. "Rivendell, the Last Homely Home East of the Sea. They are expecting me, but they will not turn away one in need." The eagle landed and several Elves came out. Gandalf and Ricky climbed down from the eagle. "Mithrandir," an Elf called to them. He had long brown hair held back with a silver circlet and dark colored robes. "Lindir," Gandalf answered him. " We have been expecting you, " said Lindir. " I must speak to Lord Elrond, " Gandalf told him urgently. " You will see him immediately, " Lindir informed with a nod. He turned to Ricky. " And who is your companion? " Gandalf reached around and motioned to Ricky. "This is Ricky Weiss. He was being held as a prisoner. He aided me in my time of need and I thought I should return the favor." Gandalf went to put a hand on Ricky's shoulder, but saw him flinch. He lowered his hand. "I believe he could use some clean clothes and a good meal." "A bath will be arranged as well," Lindir added, looking down at Ricky. "Come, Master Weiss." Ricky glanced at Gandalf and followed Lindir. The sun was steadily rising as they walked the open hallways to the guest chambers. "These will be your chambers while you reside here," Lindir announced, stopping in front of one of the doors. He turned and saw Ricky had changed his strange eye covering along the way. The darkened glass was nearly impossible for Lindir to see through to Ricky's eyes and the Elf wondered how Ricky could see through them. "M'eyes hoit," Ricky explained. "Not used t' bein' out in da daylight." Lindir could see understanding the boy would be a challenge. He was speaking Common Tongue, but the accent was foreign to him. It was almost another language. "I will bring you clean clothes and take your clothes to be cleaned," Lindir said. "There is a bathing chamber in your rooms. You can leave your clothes outside of the door and I will leave you your clean clothes." "T'anks," Ricky said softly. Lindir gave a small bow and left the room. The boy was going to cause quite the stir around Rivendell. Lindir decided that in order to learn as much as he could about the boy, he would need to act as a simple servant. The interaction would give him the chance to get to know the boy and be able to report to Lord Elrond about him. A short time later, Lindir returned. He knocked on the chambers' door and received no answer. Assuming that the boy was in the bath, Lindir let himself in and went to the bathing chamber door. There were no clothes left outside on the floor. Lindir knocked on the door. "Master Weiss, I am here to take your clothes. I have a set of fresh clothes for you." Ricky opened the door. He had one large towel wrapped around his waist and another large towel draped over his head, the long ends hanging across his chest and to his waist. Lindir could see how thin Ricky was. The boy didn't have an ounce of fat on him. His hands,