HP plot idea to think about Not a story The death eaters get released from Azkaban with terms and live in a boarding house. Not all canon deaths followed. Hermione is assigned to help them reengage society though it is obviously pointless and is more or less a psychiatrist to them. They are released due to the deplorable conditions "discovered" at Azkaban. Very AU with certain characters surviving. Rooms Narcissa and Lucius Largest room and most elegantly furnished. The walls, decor and bed are all a silver and green color. There is one shared canopy bed. The shelves are lined with a few antiques from their former home. Note: They still own Malfoy manor but Lucius and Draco have to live here and Narcissa prefers not to again be separated from Lucius. Bellatrix and Rudolphus Second largest room with black and Silver furnishings. The room is completely a mess with little regard for cleanliness. There is one shared canopy bed. The room has a small fire place that is in a nearly impossible state of disrepair. The bookshelves that line the room are used for general storage but are unkempt, dusty and a few shelves have caved in. Draco and Astoria A smaller room than Draco's parent's but still larger than most, Green and black furnishings. Not as insanely cleans as Draco's parents but not near as messy as the Lestrange's. There is one shared canopy bed. Severus He is the designated potions brewer and thus has a single room for his brewing. It is sparsely decorated with a small shabby cot and the rest a brewing station. The room is dark and cold. There are a few ram shackle book shelves and such but are cheap and falling in. He got the Malfoys out of prison and quite a few others and gets a rare single room. The bookshelves are crowded and a few piles of books form a small nightstand. Yaxley and Antonin The room is a dark red and has a small fire place with a few mahogany book shelves. There are two small beds across from each other. The beds are nothing ornate yet good quality. Regulus and Barty Two cheap mattresses with little padding and even fewer blankets. They have a fire place and a few cheap wicker chairs. The room has a singular book shelf with more storage space than books. The walls are a very faded light blue. The walls are cracking and it's one of the smaller rooms. Rabastan and Thorfinn A very unkempt though out of laziness rather than personality room. The walls are beige and a few cheap motel land scape paintings (likely covering up cracks) adorn the wall. The beds have a long thick curtains separating the middle of the room. Various wizardly items are strewn across the floor. Scabior and Fenrir The room has a clear imaginary line running down the middle. Greyback's side is cheaply decorated with a small mattress without a bed frame and an even smaller chest at the foot of the cot. Scabior's side however contains a dresser and bed. The room has a burgundy walls that are stained on Greyback's side but immaculate on Scabior's. He has a deep "salmon" color bed spread and matching blanket set and Fenrir has an old ragged grey wool blanket. Scabior's side still has some mess but he cleans it up occasionally. Fenrir mocks Scabior about the cleanliness. Amycus This room is similar to British boy's boarding school. The room's both sides are identical but with separate beds. He has an extra bed but never uses it. The room is unusually cold and lofty despite being nearly the same dimensions as everyone else's room. Amycus leaves his room rarely but it's still fairly clean. It was originally planned to be shared by him and his sister but she died in Azkaban before moving in. Hermione A standard guest room for the beginning but slowly becomes more personalized. There are a few pictures (Some are wizarding pictures of the Weasley's and the Trio but most are of her and her family enjoying muggle activities) covering the wall. A simple queen bed is in the middle of the room against the back wall with light purple walls. Her door is one of the few that are solid and lock. The House Layout The first floor A small coatroom with a wooden bench and coatrack. The next room is large sitting room with two fire places and fairly nice book shelves. The room is a dark wood with leather over stuffed chairs. The next room is a kitchen. It has three ovens and a light granite island. The pantry is likely stocked as are the shelves because there are no house elves. A small laundry room with muggle appliances (Much to everyone's annoyance) that were surprisingly helpful without house elves. The second floor The bedrooms are curved around a stairwell leading up from the sitting room. There is a small stand by the stairway with some flowers in an opaque vase. The rooms beginning from the left: Lucius and Narcissa's Bellatrix and Rodulphus's Draco and Astoria Yaxley and Antonin Severus Scabior and Fenrir Rabastan and Thorfinn Regulus and Barty Amycus Hermione The halls are carpeted and the walls are fairly thick. There is also a small room next to Hermione's that has a chair and a small velvety brown couch. The 'therapy' sessions with Hermione are held there. Hermione's coming to the house Hermione is a working in (as an Auror/healer) wizard rehabilitation for victims of the war. She comes across this big assignment for prisoners let out of Azkaban and into a different location in need of an auror to oversee. She accepts and explains to Ron that she is going away for two months on an assignment. The people are initially either cold or outright violent to her. They slowly accept her. Counseling with Hermione (excluding Snape, Narcissa and Astoria) Once a week they individually meet with Hermione to discuss life choices and careers. It doesn't really work like that because no one will hire any of them. It eventually (within the second meeting) becomes like therapy. Snape is excluded because he does not definitely have to be here but his other choice is a strict parole at Hogwarts, a place he would rather not spend any more time at. He also vehemently refused to go to counseling and belittles Hermione every chance he gets. Astoria did little during the war and is here because of association and she is married to Draco, Astoria is a little haughty at first but fairly tired and happy to be settled in one place. Narcissa is very tired and stressed from the war but is fine besides being fairly harried. Amycus Basically upset with his sister's death. He is cold at first but opens up the quickest. He is somewhat upset with her but very aloof. He is very bereaved at his sisters death. "Amycus, is there anything you'd like to say?" Hermione asked inquisitively. "No" He responded with his eyes distant. Hermione was fed up with his unresponsiveness. Fenrir He accepts her presence and spunk but is still very secretive. She obtains painkillers that he is otherwise forbidden to have due to his criminal record and he is begrudgingly accepting. He helps her with a few small things and she is still a little afraid of his monstrous appearance. They first discuss his lack of wizarding knowledge because he only knows a few very basic spells. He learns a few from Hermione which he tells no one of. "…Are you actually a wizard?" Hermione said. "Yeah, I am." Fenrir stated defensively. "Sorry, I've just never seen you… use any spells." Scabior He is snobbish and refuses to talk to a mudblood at first. They talk about his time during the war but mostly focus on the shared knitting interest which is kept secret. They also vaguely touch his recurrent kleptomaniac tendencies. "I like your…scarf." Scabior dumbly, trying to be more open at the request of Hermione. "Thank you, I made it myself." "Oh… Do you knit?" Lucius They talk about his long time in Azkaban. "Hello Mr. Malfoy." "Hello Ms. Granger." "It's actually Mrs. Weasley now." Draco It is awkward as he was in the same classes as her but they talk about his time in the war and he continues his education via owl. He has little to talk about and mostly work on education. "Yeah I need to take my NEWTS." He said awkwardly rubbing the back of his neck. "The war displaced many people, so they are offering retakes through owl if you'd be interested." "That would be fine." Draco said hastily. Yaxley They don't really talk. He keeps to himself and Hermione ends up doing most of the talking while he stares of into the distance thinking about other things. He will eventually have an episode. "If you don't start talking I might just request you be sent back to Azkaban!" Hermione nearly yelled enraged at Yaxley's aloofness. "Mudblood." Yaxley muttered. "WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?!" Hermione said electricity seemingly making her hair crackle. Dolohov She is more intimidated by his case than the rest but quickly overcomes that. He becomes like a much older brother to her. Bellatrix tries to kill her at one point and he saves her and requests they both tell no one. "Be careful around Bellatrix she is." He searched for the right term "not stable." "Do you have a personal problem with Bellatrix?" "Everyone does." Crouch They talk about his childhood. He is more far gone than most of them and the meetings aren't very productive. He is likely the second most out right violent after Bellatrix. He makes a few attacks but eventually quiets down and becomes aloof. "YOU KILLED MY LORD!" Hermione stared at him as though he were a child throwing a tantrum not a dangerously unstable dark wizard. "Was he really your lord?" Bellatrix She is obviously a lunatic. She can't talk with Hermione at first due to her violent tendencies but eventually they talk and Hermione gets her on some calming down potions. She hates Hermione and refuses to talk even when sedated. "Why can't I see her?" "Look miss, she's a nutjob nothing ya can do for her but keep her sedated." Hermione glared at the auror. Thorfinn He does not care for the counseling and instead stares while Hermione tries to get his attention. She fails most of the time occasionally she succeeds and annoys him significantly. "I know you can hear me." Thorfinn doesn't react. Hermione sighs. Rodulphus They do little talking. He spends most time near Bellatrix with a body guard like demeanor. He dislikes Hermione but begins to respect albeit a little. He is more hateful to her when near Bellatix. "Eh." Rodulphus grunts. "Do you have any interests at all, excluding illegal ones?" Hermione inquires. He merely stares at her. Rabastan He is twitchy and nervous. She gets him on some potions for which he is grateful and gives her a chance. They talk about a shared dislike of Bellatrix. He is also possiblely not all that sober most of the time. "She's a witch." Hermione giggles a little at this statement. "Wot, it's true." Regulus He is grateful for being taken out of Azkaban. He is a combination of Rabastan and Barty. Regulus twitches and looks around the room nervously. "I got this for you, it's a muggle invention called a rubiks cube, it's a puzzle you have to solve by aligning the the same colors together but it's mostly something to do with your hands." Regulus gingerly takes it from Hermione and begins fiddling with it. Hermione interactions 2! (All members included this time!) (Well, I lied not Narcissa, she was too hard to write!) Request her in the comments if this troubles you.) Fenrir "So…What spells do you know?" Hermione asked while trying not to be