A first time Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark have been in love for ages. Peeta has loved Katniss since the day he first laid his eyes on her, at school when he was five. Katniss had soon after fallen in love with the boy with the bread as well. Now, they are both sixteen and ready for a physical relationship. Although none of them had ever done such thing before and insecurities just might get in their way to happiness... Katniss and Peeta was celebrating their 6 month anniversary. Peeta had brought Katniss on a picnic in the beautiful meadow. In June, all of the wildflowers, trees and bushes had started to bloom and created a magnificent view. Peeta had been up early to bake some cheese buns and cinnamon rolls and he had even gone out to fetch some berries. "This is so good!" Katniss moaned as she took a bite from a still warm cheese bun, her favorite treat. "I'm glad you like it", Peeta answered with a wide smile as he ate his own food. He would lie if he said that Katniss moans didn't turn him on. He was secretly glad he had chosen to wear jeans shorts this day. They both ate themselves full, stealing kisses from time to time. Once the food was gone things started to heat up. Katniss was straddling Peeta and kissing him hard on the lips. Peeta felt himself stiffen underneath her. "I love you so much" Katniss moaned as she stuck her tongue in Peeta's mouth. By now they were both lying down on the blanket. "I love you too" Peeta managed to get out in between the kisses. He ran his hands up and down Katniss body. "I want you" Katniss said, starting to remove Peeta's T-shirt at the same time as they made out. "Are you sure?" Peeta stammered. They had never done anything more than kissing and some light touching. Never something without clothes. Though images of Katniss in various situations had filled his dreams more than once. "Yes, I'm sure" Katniss panted heavily. Her stomach felt funny and she was starting to feel something foreign down between her legs. "Just tell me if you want to stop" Peeta got out as he removed Katniss's shirt. He admired the view. Katniss was absolutely perfect. Her thin white cotton bra held her full breasts in place and created a generous cleavage. "You're so beautiful" Peeta murmured as he kissed his way from Katniss's throat down her stomach. "Not fair, I want to see you too." Katniss still hadn't gotten Peeta's shirt removed. Peeta reached up and threw his shirt behind them. He then started to undo Katniss's jeans at the same time Katniss worked on Peeta's shorts. They were soon laying in their underwear. Their clothes carelessly thrown around them in the grass. Katniss bit her lip. She didn't quite know how to proceed. Peeta was also nervous but went back to kissing Katniss. They were both panting and grinding themselves on each other. Peeta pulled on Katniss panties and they joined the pile on the grass. Katniss then reached behind her to unclasp her bra. When the bra fell of all Peeta could do was stare. If Katniss looked good in underwear, then she look absolutely breathtaking without clothes. "I love you so much." Peeta's gaze held all the love and admiration for Katniss as he stared into her eyes. "I love you too." Katniss responded and covered Peeta's face in kisses. Peeta felt his erection strain his boxers. Katniss could also feel Peeta against her stomach as she laid on top of him. She started to tug on the waistband of his boxers. As she pulled them down she got into a sitting position on top of Peeta's knees. The sight of Peeta naked terrified her. She had caught glimpses of him shirtless before but they always slept wearing a shirt and shorts. She suddenly remembered the horror stories from her friends at school about the first time. It hurt, some bled and it wasn't a good experience based on many of the different stories. Peeta had a huge thing sticking up between his legs. She had never seen any man naked but she thought it was bigger than usual. After a few seconds of staring and her mind screaming at her to run, she let her mind take over. With one last look of horror she ran, leaving Peeta laying naked on the blanket alone. Peeta misinterpreted Katniss's look of horror and thought that she was disgusted by looking at him. His heart ached for the girl who just left him and his eyes were full of tears. Though his erection didn't seem to go away. He quietly brought himself release. As he came onto the grass, the first tears fell down his cheeks. Was he really that ugly to look at? He looked down at himself. He had quite the stocky build from years of working in the bakery. Broad shoulders and chest and a flat stomach. He thought he looked okay before but all confidence was just shattered to pieces. Now he just looked short and bulky. Nothing that was especially attractive. Not wanting to look at his body any more he quickly got dressed. Then he packed everything up and started to walk home. He walked with slumped shoulders and hid his tear-streaked face by looking at the ground. Once he was back home he went to the bakery and started to knead some dough. Although the task wasn't enough to take his mind of Katniss. He knew she was the one for him and it hurt so much to know that she didn't want him the same way. He was so in his own thoughts that he didn't realize that his brother had arrived to work too. "Hi Peeta." Rye greeted his youngest brother. "Hi Rye" Peeta quietly whispered back. Rye immediately caught that something wasn't right. "What happened?" Rye asked carefully. "Nothing" Peeta didn't want to tell his brother all of the details. "You look sad." Rye just had to say something, he didn't like seeing his brother so down. Something burst inside of Peeta and the tears started to fall down his cheeks again. Knowing that he didn't have anything to hide from his brother he whispered, "am I really that unsightly? I know you've seen me." The brothers had shared shower many times even though Peeta preferred to be alone while doing anything without clothes. Rye's heart broke with Peeta's question. He in fact, was almost jealous of Peeta since he looked so good. "Who said that?" Rye questioned. "I took Katniss for a picnic in the meadow, then things started to happen. When she saw me without clothes she just ran…" Peeta sobbed. Rye went to Peeta and hugged him from behind. "I'm sure there was a reason to it. She loves you." Rye tried to comfort Peeta. "She looked at me like I was the worst thing on this planet." "Hah, you should have let that Seam slut ages ago. She belongs in the Seam. As for you, stop crying and get to work. Nobody cares how ugly you are as long as there's bread to sell." Peeta's mother hissed from the kitchen. She had overheard everything Peeta and Rye had said. "Mom, stop it." Rye started but Peeta cut in. "Katniss is no slut. I love her." Peeta stated. "Love, you're too young to know what that is. Based on what I heard she doesn't seem to love you if she ran away from you. Now let it go and start working" Peeta's mother left and went upstairs. Peeta stood frozen in his place. His mother's words had cut deep. It just hurt to know that the person you love doesn't feel the same. Wiping away his tears he continued with his dough. "Peeta, you know she was wrong. I've seen you two together, it's real love between you guys." Rye tried to console his brother. Peeta didn't answer. He just emptied his mind and concentrated on what he did best, baking. Rye quietly got to work on the bench next to Peeta. A few hours later there were loads of freshly baked bread loafs, cookie and cakes. Peeta had decorated all of the cookies in beautiful patterns. He let his sorrow out by painting the cookies. There was one with a motive of the meadow on and another was a picture of the Katniss plant. "Will you help med train?" Peeta quietly asked Rye while they were sitting on the couch, relaxing after cleaning up the kitchen. "Train, for what?" Rye frowned. "Maybe Katniss likes me more if I look better…" Peeta knew he sounded pathetic but he couldn't loose Katniss. He wouldn't survive if she left him. "Oh, Peeta. You don't have to train to look better." Rye exclaimed. Peeta didn't answer, instead he focused on a bit of dust on the floor. Rye hugged his brother closely. "Why did she just leave me?" Peeta sounded so broken. "She'll come around, believe me." Rye whispered and held Peeta tightly all he silently cried himself to sleep. Katniss felt terrible for just leaving Peeta. She know she had hurt him when she ran away. She gathered her thoughts as soon as she had gotten home. Her mind when into overdrive as she processed the whole thing that just had happened. She started to feel embarrassed. Why had she just taken of. She loved Peeta, and to be honest, he looked like a freaking god. Though she was so ashamed and she didn't have enough courage to seek Peeta out until several hours had passed. She knew Peeta would have gone home so she silently made her way to the bakery. When she got there she saw nobody in sight. It was late and the bakery was closing in 10 minutes. Since she had been there a lot of times before she knew where Peeta used to work, in the back of the bakery. Katniss headed for the back but stopped mid step as she took the sight in. Peeta was lying on the couch with his head in Rye's lap. She could clearly see the tracks of tears on his cheeks. Rye had heard footsteps and looked up. He had been stroking Peeta's hair like a mother should. "Do you know what you did to him?" Rye whispered angrily. He liked Katniss but seeing his brother so hurt wasn't something he took easy on. "I'm sorry." Katniss whispered with a tear falling down her cheek. "He's been crying for hours" Rye bit back. Regretting his words when he saw the look on Katniss's face. "I have to talk to him, I didn't mean it that way. I love him." Katniss finally got out. "I'll leave you two to talk." Rye carefully laid Peeta down on the couch and walked into the bakery. Katniss sat down beside Peeta's head. She let her fingers wander down Peeta's face. Peeta started to wake up, feeling something touching him. He opened his eyes and looked right up in Katniss's eyes. As soon as their eyes met he adverted his gaze to the floor, looking very sad. "What are you doing here?" He whispered, his voice hoarse from crying so much earlier. "I love you." Katniss whispered, trying to get him to look at her. "I'm sorry I'm so unsightly. You don't have to be with me if you don't want to", Peeta said and Katniss saw a tear fall down his face. "It wasn't like that!" Katniss exclaimed. "Then what was it like?" Peeta's tear-filled eyes stared at Katniss. "I'm so sorry. I don't know what happened before." Katniss tried to collect her thoughts. "To me it seemed like you was so disgusted by my appearance that you just had to run." Peeta furiously rubbed his eyes, wiping the tears away. Letting his anger take over as