Heaven & Earth Round 1 The God Of Destruction Who Lives By The Park. Authors Notes- So this is an idea I had months ago, as a matter of fact this chapter was finished in July. Which probably makes you ask why I'm posting it now, well to put it bluntly mostly just to show I'm still alive and kicking. It's also a bit out there at least as far as plot is concerned, not to mention more than a little cliché in some respects so I was a little bit worried about putting it out. Now before you start reading there are a few things we need to go over here, they are kind of important so please read. First and foremost, technically this is a crossover of sorts. Let me clear up what I mean by that. I had a few new Ideas to put together ideas that came from various sources and instead of creating original characters to fill the gaps I had in the story I appropriated characters from elsewhere. Now granted all of their back stories have been modified to fit in my world but if that's a turn off for you then at least you were warned out of the gate, please enjoy. Side Note- Heaven and Earth is currently rated T for Teen. This may not hold true as time goes on, I have a large stack of notes concerning this story and some arcs I have had ideas for are incredibly dark. So it may change to M at some point, I know most of you wont care but I figured we should get that out of the way at the start. Authors Note End- Shigekuni Yamamoto was an old man and he looked it as well, of that no one would deny. Pushing almost two hundred and thirty years of age his weathered visage was one that was well earned. His hair had long since fallen out leaving him completely bald, though most people seemed to focus more on the X shaped scar on the left side of his forehead than his lack of hair. Though almost as if trying to make up for the loss of his hair the old man's eyebrows had grown out to the point they actually fell framing the side of his face to the cheek bones. They, and his exceptionally long beard, were all he had left of any hair. Something the old man was actually quite upset about. Though it was a point of pride that his beard had grown so long that it reached down to his knee caps. Though his wife was no longer among the living. Yamamoto still held his beard in a neatly together using the same purple binding cloth she had brought him long ago. It was also the death of his wife that and brought him to England in the first place. Setsuna had died peacefully some three years before his choice to vacate Japan. He simply hadn't wanted to stay after that, he had tried to simply move houses but in the end staying in the country of his birth had been to much. One of his disciples, Chojiro, had mentioned enjoying life in England immensely, after living there for two years he still wasn't entirely sure of why. It was either raining or cold ninety percent of the time and the remaining ten percent it was barely liveable. Then ago Chojiro had been in England almost one hundred years ago just before the younger man's death so he was working on old information. God only knew why Chojiro said this was a nice place to live, then again he had always enjoyed western culture. Yamamoto himself preferred Japanese culture over its western counterpart, still being half a world away from Japan had given him a very nice break. Even after his wife's death every few weeks some young upstart would come to him either to seek his instruction or challenge him to a match. Those who dwelled in the underworld of the martial arts or the underbelly of the magical world, it mattered little as, at least in Asia, he was famous in both. Those who came seeking instruction came away with nothing to show for it, he had not taken a student in many years. Not since Yoruichi and Kisuke had came seeking instruction on his bare handed techniques and swordsmanship respectively. Some fifty years ago now, last he had heard both had become Masters in their own right. Kisuke mixing both Magic and Ki into his swordsmanship while Yoruichi, having access only to Ki but not magic, developed her own fighting style using his as a base. Last he had heard of rumours of the girl they called her Goddess of Flash due to her speed, who knew maybe she had even completed that Shunko (Flash War Cry) technique she had been dreaming up when she was still his Disciple. Gods knew Kisuke had made strides in making his mark of the magical half of the world, these days he was considered to be a genius inventor. In some circles of magical inventors he was being called the second coming of of Nicholas Flamel. While others called him a madman and a heretic for trying to combine both Muggle technology and magic. Though if one believed Kisuke the ones who called him a heretic did it out of wounded pride at not being able to accomplish the same. Considering his most famous invention to date was the Wizarding Wireless he may have had a point. Apparently the brat had somehow figured out how to create a radio wave that was detectable only by a certain type of magical wireless. One that only he had the schematics for, Kisuke had made a fortune marketing that. His former student had also been generous enough that when he had sent the boy a letter detailing the fact he would be moving to England. Kisuke's response had been to buy him a rather large house in Little Whinging. One with a very large wall to keep unwanted eyes out and, while the outside of the house looked European, the inside had been renovated to be more Japanese. Something Yamamoto had been very appreciative of. After all, though he did have the money to pay for both the renovations and house himself, it was nice to have everything ready the moment he touched down in England. These days he whittled away the time away from both people and magic. Not even once had Yamamoto considered letting the British Ministry of Magic know of his residence in London. Instead choosing only to exist in the eyes of it's Muggle counterpart. While most Wizards that were of pureblood were ignorant of Muggle culture and how to act appropriately in the presence of their non-magic using brethren he was not one of them. His own family had looked down on his for marrying a Muggle in Setsuna, they had never returned to being on speaking terms and now they were all dead they never would be. But the love of his life had taught him many things about the world outside of magics insular shell and being a Ki user had lived to be by his side for over one hundred and fifty years. These days he spent his time simply staying at home or watching birds in the park, for a man like him who had originally intended to die fighting it was sometimes jarring to realise just how peaceful life was. Though Yamamoto was more than willing to admit he found retirement slightly boring at times. For a man like him who had lived a life of action that was to be expected he supposed. Still even if they were boring at times these peaceful days were how his life was now and how he planned for it to end. "GET THE FREAK!" Or at least life was usually peaceful these days, today was apparently deciding to prove the exception rather than the rule. Brown eyes stopped their observation of a curious European Robbin that had landed on his outstretched hand. Convincing the bird he meant it no harm had taken quite awhile, but animals were vastly more in touch with nature than humans. Just by letting his Ki a little closer to the surface it was easy for the bird to sense he meant it no form of harm. And, as things turned out, the small avian was just curious enough to come down for a closer look. Yamamoto was quite certain the moment he laid eyes on the situation he did not like it. Five youths were harassing a slightly smaller child, who looked to be around their age or a little younger. The boys were eight, or at least they appeared to be around that age, most were a little on the chubby side barring two. One that was quite clearly threatening to become wider than he was tall and the other who was whipcord thin. Though that said all the fat would also give the largest one a fair bit more force than the others. So he was probably the strongest of the group. It was the two thinner ones that caught his eye more though. Both possessed black hair and for a second Yamamoto contemplated if it was some kind of family resemblance. Then immediately discarded the theory the second he took a closer look. Even from his position some two hundred meters or so away he could not see any form of possible family resemblance past their hair colour and close builds. While the boy being chased had black hair his was wild and unruly while the one doing the chasing had hair that was more controlled, kept in a short 'buzz cut' he believed the kids these days called it. That wasn't the only thing that set them apart from each other though. One boy had a rounded face while the others was more pointed. Considering the way their facial bones were Yamamoto could make an educated guess that the child being chased would end up with quite high cheek bones later in life as well as a more square jaw while the other would get lower cheek bones and a rather pointed chin. There were enough differences between the two in facial structure alone that he didn't believe them to be related, unless it was very distantly. However it was less their completely non-existent family resemblance than the boys behaviour that bothered him. This was quite clearly no friendly game of tag or some such, no the smallest boy was quite clearly scared for his own safety and from the way the others were chasing him he most likely had a good reason to be that way. However that said the small boy could avoided them quite well, though Yamamoto felt part of that reason was probably because the other boys seemed like they spent their time lazing around. While he didn't have a great deal of muscle on him the boy being chased did have a bit and that bit looked like it was made from doing things like chores and such. That was something Yamamoto approved of. Children needed chores in the same way that a sword needed a whetstone. It kept them sharp and taught them lessons that would be valuable later in life, even if the lesson was as simple as taking out the rubbish would avoid infestations of vermin. It could also teach children the values of saving money. After all most children got some verity of payment for doing their chores and most things children wanted were expensive. Making one save to get a toy or some such that they wanted was excellent practice for later in life, helped build character to. Still it was not the long term gains that was helping the wire thin boy right now, it was the more immediate ones that