Title: To be a Prince Author: Lusse Eldalion Summary: The elven realm of Greenwood has its Prince once more. But not everyone is as happy as the King and Queen of the realm by having Legolas back. Some elves think that after so many years captive by the treacherous elf Vanwe, their Prince has had too much contact with the shadow to be trustworthy. Sequel to 'New Meetings'. A/N: Hello everyone! I wanted to apologize, because I planned to post this a long time ago, but this past months have been pretty rough for me and I have been kept away from FanFiction due to some personal problems. However, I found some peaceful days to write this and well… I hope you will all like it! The whole story is already written and in process of editing, but I can't make promises on updating days. Also, I'm not really sure about this new fic, so it depends on how it is received on FanFiction that I will hurry more or less on editing (yep, it depends on you that I update soon so… let me know what you think!). Thank you every one for reading! Enjoy the story! As some of you may know, this is the sequel for a previous story called 'New meetings'. I highly recommend reading it before this one, but in case you do not have the time I wrote a short summary of what happened on it (it is full of spoilers, so if you plan to read 'New meetings' do not read it for your own good!) From 'New meetings' : After being kidnapped by Vanwe, a treacherous elf, when he is no more than seven years old (in human reckon), Legolas is forced to live with him in the shadows for a long time . Although all the elven realms in Middle Earth are looking for him, he is not found until a party of men rescue him from the hands of orcs and men after a battle in Vanwe's stronghold. With no memory of his past, Legolas tells the men his parents were killed and he is brought to Bacetal, where he is raised as one of the King of the city, Jaimy, sons, along with Nyme, his new human brother. Some years later, Nyme and Legolas are attacked by a Nazgûl, resulting in the man being killed and Legolas arriving by pure chance to Imladris. There, he heals under the care of Lord Elrond, who recognizes him shortly after he arrives. The Lord tells him his true identity and calls for Thranduil. After a second encounter with the Nazgûl, Legolas agrees to go to Greenwood in order to meet his mother and the realm. Special thanks to my wonderful Beta (you are the best!), to the readers of 'New meetings' and to my family. If this story has been written is thanks to all the people who have encouraged me to. I love you all. Chapter One: Suspicion It took Legolas a few seconds to become completely accustomed to the light that filtered through the curtains and brightened the whole room. Missing the enormous ropes that prevented the rays of sunlight from entering into his bedroom back in Bacetal, the man city, Legolas grunted in disgust and turned over. However, he didn't try to fall asleep again, for the elf in charge of waking him up would not be late. The Prince smiled. Even when waking someone up the elves were delicate. First, there came two almost imperceptible knocks on the door. Some seconds later, two more, this time with more strength. And that went on until the elf inside the chambers opened the door or said something to indicate he -or she- was awake. Legolas had thought an animal was scratching his door the first day. He had not been able to hide his surprise at the sight of an immaculately dressed elf announcing that breakfast would be served at the Royal Room in half an hour. He had yet to explain the 'wake up' elf, as he had named him, he wouldn't mind if he punched the door or yelled his name in order to get him awake. In fact, Legolas would prefer it. But he suspected that would make the other elf uncomfortable, so he had decided to wait until everyone was more familiar with him. Legolas squinted when he heard the first two knocks, but they were so soft that he wondered if they had really happened or if they had been a figment of his imagination. There. Two more. The day had began. xXx Once Legolas was fully dressed, he opened the door and smiled at the standing elf there. "It's not necessary for you to wait for me every day, Daeron. I can manage to find the Royal Room myself." "King Thranduil asked me personally to do it, my Prince." He simply answered. "And I'm asking you personally to stop doing so. And, please, call me Legolas." But Legolas knew it would be fruitless. For the past whole week, he had been trying to persuade the servant to stop treating him with such formality. "But, my Prince... it's your title, after all. And I'm obliged to obey your father's orders. He is our King." Legolas sighed, discontent. "Yes, I guess it is my title." He did not try to hide the discontentment. "And he is your King." They arrived at the Royal Room, in which, Legolas was sure, both his parents would already be waiting for him. It still felt odd to think of those two elves as his parents, but he had assumed he would have to get accustomed to it. It was just one more thing among a thousand details he would have to grow familiar with. He heard the 'click' that announced the door had been opened and came into the Royal Room. Even having already been in the realm for two weeks, he still couldn't help but let his eyes wander around the room. He was so used to the small one in which he used to have breakfast back in Bacetal that the astonishing high cellars and windows that adorned the elvish room kept impressing him. He advanced quietly to the table. There, his parents were waiting, as he had correctly guessed. He gave a short nod to his father and a quick smile to his mother as he sat. They both received him with broad smiles. As soon as he was settled down, the servants started to bring the food. There were things he missed from Bacetal, of course, but food was not one of them. Elvish cooks knew what they were doing. As usual, he helped himself some bread and spread some delicious red strawberry ham. Then, he poured milk on his cup. "So, Legolas?" His father said to catch his attention. "Are you ready to start your training?" "Quite eager, indeed." He answered. "I've been feeling pretty useless lately, not being able to do anything." "You know Lord Elrond advised rest after you... 'encounter' with the Nazgûl." The King said in an clarifying tone. "I know, but it doesn't prevent me from feeling so." He saw his mother smile and noticed her eyes fixed on him. She had been doing that a lot. The elleth looked at him as if trying to decide whether he was really there, sitting in front of her, or it was just an illusion. He felt sympathetic. With a soft smile playing on his lips, he brought the cup to his mouth. He recalled the moment when, two weeks ago, his mother had seen him for the first time in many years. The party from Imladris had intentionally arrived at night to Greenwood, so not many elves would be able to notice the presence of a strange blond elf who looked remarkably like the King. That way, they would avoid the rumors. Once in the palace, Thranduil had asked Legolas to wait while the King told Enery, the Queen, the turn of events. The Prince remembered the hurried steps that had come from the corridor just a few minutes after. A beautiful elleth had opened the door, with a desperate look in her eyes. She was dressed casually, with a light green dress and her hair loose, falling upon her shoulders. Thranduil had appeared behind her shortly after that. Enery had looked at Legolas, directly on his eyes, for some seconds. Then, with a cry, she had ran and embraced him. Legolas returned the hug, both for his mother's and his own sake, for he had been looking for that meeting for a very long time. "Who will train him?" Enery asked her husband, taking Legolas out of his thoughts. "The Weapons Master, Aradan." "Really?" She raised her right eyebrow, as she turned to look directly at Legolas. "He is the best warrior we have, ion-nin . The captain of your father's army and the King's escort general, as well as the Weapons Master." "And a dear friend of us too." Added Thranduil. "Is he? But I've already been here for two weeks and I've not seen him yet. Not even at night, when all the Lords are invited to have dinner here." "He was away in a journey to the eastern lands. There were reports of movement among the orcs there and he went to be sure they wouldn't enter Greenwood. But he came back last night and said he would be waiting for you." "I shouldn't tarry, then." Legolas said, finishing his breakfast. "Go. He'll be in the main courtyard. Ask Daeron to accompany you." "I can go by myself. I don't need anyone to constantly watch my steps." "I'd rather you went with him, if only a few more days." "But I'm not going to get lost." The Prince complained. "Legolas." Thranduil said, looking sternly at his son. The Prince sighed, resigned. "Fine. Whatever. But I'm not a baby anymore, and you should accept it." He left the room. Enery half smiled and watched Legolas closing the door. Then, she said: "He is right, you know. He is not a baby. And, according to what you've told me about his fight with the Nazgûl, he is a very capable warrior." Even hard it could be, the Queen had learnt to see that her child was not so anymore. "He is not used to our customs yet. And he isn't used to some elves' ways of thinking either." He pronounced the last sentence carefully and making sure no servant was hearing them. "You think our people do not trust him?" Enery asked, with a new worried look in her eyes. "Thranduil, you do not think he is in danger, do you?" "I don't think he is in immediate danger, but you know the hearts of some elves. They won't trust him until they know him better. After all, he has been in touch with the shadow for most his life. They will be suspicious. But do not fret," He added, taking his wife's hand. "I'm not taking any chances. He will be protected." xXx "Wait, Prince Legolas." A voice sounded, accompanied by the hurried steps of an elf coming down the corridor. "You should have told me you were going out." "Sweet Valar... can't you leave me alone for a second?" Legolas said, although he stopped and waited for Daeron to reach him. "No, my Prince. That's indeed my main purpose, although tiring as it may seem to you." "No, not tiring. Exhausting." Legolas regretted his words as soon as they had left his mouth. He glanced at the servant and saw he was downcast. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have..." "Don't." Said the elf, waving the apology off. "It's fine. And I understand you find my company rather unpleasant but... I made mistakes in the past which had terrible consequences. I won't make them again." "Mistakes?" Legolas frowned, stopping Daeron by putting a hand on his arm. "What mistakes? And