The Adventures Of Harry And Dobby Chapter One June 4th, 1979, the day that the four friends known as the Marauders, left Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry and looked for something to do with their new freedom. James Potter already knew of something he was going to do, and that was to marry the most perfect woman he ever met, including his own mother. Lily Evans was his first and only girl he ever took a fancy to. At first it was her magnificent looks. From the first moment he saw her, he knew he had to get to know her, however, a main obstacle stood in his way by the name of Severus Snape. He was with her the first time he saw Lily and they seemed quite close. The next thing he loved about her was her compassion for everyone. When she found out his friend, Remus Lupin, was a werewolf, rather than shy away, she made their friendship stronger by becoming closer to him and helping him after a rough night. Remus loved his friends, but with Lily it was more and if it wasn't James that was after her, he would have had a go at trying to win her heart. Severus shot himself in the foot by insulting her during their fifth year, so then, if anything James did to her resulted in the same way, Remus would do what ever he could to try and win her affection. However, James wasn't that stupid. Now that school was over and Remus had been rejected for a position in the Ministry because of his background, so James and Sirius got together and bought a bookshop for him to run. Remus was a brilliant business man and had the store running at a profit a month later and he was able to expand his business two fold. They were all happy to see him being successful. Sirius and James were accepted into the Auror corps and worked it for a year. James and Lily were married in late November and by Valentines day, found out Lily was with child. Sirius acted prouder than James did as he ran through the Ministry handing out exploding cigars. Then Peter began to miss family get together events and even the birth of Harry, James and Lily's son. They began to see less and less of him, and Remus and Lily began to suspect something was wrong. James went to the Ministry and checked on purchasing a house elf to help protect Lily when he was at work, because she was worried about being left alone. He was there when the office opened and he asked to see the elves that were available. He was taken back to their quarters and asked them to all stand up and state their names. While this was going on, another one entered the quarters and demanded the elves to present themselves to him. Lucius Malfoy was not a patient man. "I'm sorry Malfoy, but I was here first, so if you don't mind I will continue my search." "Get out of the way Potter, I'm in a hurry." and he pushed James out of the way, going to the first elf he came to. "You, what's your name?" "Dobby sir." The elf was shaking like a leaf in the wind and became nervous around the brute of a wizard before him. Then came the words he feared, "I'll take him. How much?" "I'm sorry Malfoy, but Dobby is the one I was going to hire. Come here Dobby and lets get you cleaned up." and Dobby walked up to his new master lowering his head as he approached. "Hold your head up Dobby, you don't have to bow to me or anyone else as long as you're with me." and Dobby raised his head and saw Malfoy cursing his Master. If anyone had looked closer they would have sworn Dobby was wearing a smile. Dobby pitied any elf that went with Malfoy, but was quite happy it wasn't him. As they left the Ministry, Dobby turned to James and said, "Thank you Master." He was shocked when James turned to him and said softly, "Listen Dobby, I am no master. In fact, all I am is an employer. You work for my family and you will receive a fair pay and days off. You will have a vacation of one week with pay each year and any other time off you need if it is justifiable. Now, do you except this offer, because if you don't, you will be back there and maybe with Malfoy." "Dobby doesn't take pay sir." "You will with me, or you don't work for me. You will accept all or nothing." Dobby thought about what he just left and decided he liked what was offered him more. "Dobby will work for you sir. Does sir have a misses?" "Yes, and also a child. I also have friends who visit quite frequently. Does this bother you?" "No sir, I just wanted to know what would be expected of me is all." "Well then Dobby, I better be truthful with you. We're hoping it isn't going to happen, but we feel there may be trouble brewing and I want someone there for my wife and son. I know elf magic is very powerful, so I got you. If you still feel OK with this, good. If not, then I can see where it would upset you and I will release you to return to the Ministry." "Does Dobby have to answer right away sir?" "No Dobby, you don't. If for any reason you feel unsafe, you may leave." "Good sir, because Dobby wishes to get to know the family before he says anything." "Excellent Dobby, now lets go meet the family, shall we?" Dobby was expecting a little more of a house when they arrived at the Potter residence. It was a nice home, but quite small. Lily and Harry were wonderful, so that was in their favor, but the winner was the room he was given. It wasn't a cupboard like he expected, but a full bedroom, with a bed. Linen and a closet for clothes and a dresser with drawers for other needs. He fell in love with his room. When he sat down to hear the list of duties for him, he was taken back as his primary duty was to keep the house clean and help take care of young Harry. Other wise it was what he was needed to help with. Then when he was told his pay would be twenty galleons a week, he didn't know what to think as he didn't understand the significance of money. He asked James what he should do with it, and James set up a vault for him in Gringotts where he could save it. He didn't understand vacation, so he was told what it was. He questioned this because he didn't know what he could do with a week off. And then get paid money for doing nothing was a concept he had a hard time grasping. Do humans actually do this? Dobby promised James he would have an answer to him in a week's trial. He wanted to see how truthful and gentle they were. He didn't see any of this in Malfoy, but at least he didn't try to hide it. Can a human family really be nice to a house elf? Dobby was up the next morning ready to cook breakfast but saw the Miss already at work. He tried to step in and help, but she told him to get the others up and then come back and take a seat. He did as he was asked and came back to sit at a small table in the corner that was used to prepare vegetables for a meal. He used magic to create a chair for him to sit in. When Lily saw this, she laughed and said, "Dobby, I meant sit at our table, not in a corner by yourself. Now, come sit here by me and Harry and you can help feed him while I eat, then you can eat while I finish feeding him and burping him. Then I will let you change his nappy. I can't get James to change them. Remus will do it for me sometimes, and Sirius is just like James. If he even thinks Harry needs a change, he is gone from the house and won't return for an hour." "Missy, can Dobby ask you a question?" "Of course Dobby, please do." "Why is everyone being so nice to Dobby? House elves are just servants for humans." "Not in this house they aren't. I told this to James before he went out and acquired your services. His pure blood upbringing may have had him thinking that way, but I told him I didn't want a house elf, I wanted a friend to help me when I needed it. Harry can be a handful at times and I could use a break to rest. Housecleaning is a chore for me, because of all the kids living here. Yes Dobby, James, Sirius and Harry are my kids. Remus always cleans up after himself. But his work keeps him away for long hours. So, in answer to your question, you are here to keep me company and if anything were to happen, do your best to help me protect Harry." "Master James did tell me there was some protecting that may be needed." "OK, that will be the last time you use the word Master in this house when referring to anyone. No master, no mistress no, as you command. We ask here, not command or demand. We are Lily, James, Sirius, and Remus. Of course there is also Harry. You are Dobby. We use our names here with no titles. Do you understand this?" "Yes Missy Lily. It is OK to call you Missy, isn't it? "As long as you use it as a term of endearment and not as a title. If it is as a title, then no, I don't like to be called Missy." Dobby smiled for the first time in front of Lily, "Yes Missy Lily, Dobby understands." and Lily smiled back and patted him on the back. Dobby thought he was going to like it here, if they all treated him the way Missy Lily did. Then Dobby was hit with his first nappy change and it was a corker. Harry had it smeared all over his bottom and legs. And stink. Dobby wondered what it was he ate to get this smell. Lily was watching and was trying so hard to hold back her laughter, but when Dobby stuck his finger in the mess and looked at it with a look of horror, she lost it. Dobby finally got Harry cleaned up and dressed and he took him to clean up the house. House cleaning was a simple task for him and it took only a few minutes per room. Harry cooed in his ear as he worked and Dobby found this relaxing as he worked. Harry loved to play with Dobby's ear while he was cleaning. It never hurt, even when he put it in his mouth and bit down. Dobby learned by accident that Harry loved to be held in the air by magic. Dobby learned this when he needed to move some furniture that could not be moved by magic. He did ask about this and Lily told him it belonged to James from his mother, who had things in it that were not meant to be mixed with magic, so she placed a spell around this furniture that kept magic off them. The items were still stored in these items. Dobby would put the leviosar spell on Harry and leave him hanging in the air while he worked. Harry would kick his legs which caused him to