Disappointment Keeperoliver August 11, 1986. A very special day for the residents of the burrow. Or it was suppose to be. It was the birthday of the youngest in the household. Ginevra Weasley turned five years old. It was supposed to be her special day where her father and mother would make her a special breakfast, then take her to Diagon Alley for a birthday treat. But her dad had to change his plans as the Head of the DMLE wanted all senior members of the Ministry in her office for a briefing, before going out on an assignment. Although he was in the middle of the seniority list, he was high enough to be called in for this meeting. He left a sobbing Ginny, as she liked to be called, and he felt bad about doing it to her. He tried to explain, but because of his oldest sons, Bill and Charlie, he couldn't get past his promise to always be there for the birthday of all his children. Ginny pointed this out to her dad, and he told her she was too young to remember Bill and Charlies birthdays. She replied that they told her he never missed any of theirs. He would have to thank them both later. What was supposed to be special, turned out to be a dark day for Ginny. Not even her friend Luna could get her off her sour mood. Luna lived up the hill from Ginny, with her mum and dad. She never missed a day visiting Ginny, if she wasn't off somewhere with her dad, chasing some fantastic creature At the Ministry, Arthur was listening with half a heart at what Amelia Bones, Head of the DMLE, was saying. Something about a missing child in the Muggle world. He wondered why the Ministry was worried about a muggle child gone missing. However, it was Ginny's crying that had most of his attention. He hated to let any of his children down for any reason, but their birthday was something special. For it to be on his youngest was bad, but she was also his only daughter and it only made things worse since her brothers all had him at their birthdays for their special day. He was so worried about her that he missed it when Amelia said the name of the child they would be looking for. He had to look at William Horner's notes to catch the name. He almost passed out when he saw it was Harry Potter who was missing from his home. He read the entire story from William's notes. Harry had gone to an amusement park with his family, when he got in trouble with his Uncle. He was taken back to the family car where he was told to stay until the family got back to him to leave. The car became too hot for young Harry to sit in it, so he got out and walked around to cool off. He got lost in the maze of cars that were there, and it was the last his family saw of him. Why they waited five days to report it, no one knew. So Harry had been gone for five days, on his own, with no money or anything to eat. The member were split up into teams to conduct the search. For three weeks they searched, and they found no sight of him. The park was in the middle of London, so he got lost in the crowd, presumably. With the family living in Devon, many kilometers away, there was no way of telling if he was trying to get back to them. The search had to be canceled because it was time for school to start back up and the Ministry had to get back to business. There were smaller search parties sent out, but there was little hope of them finding them if larger parties couldn't while the trail was still fresh, or fresher than three weeks old. Ginny got over her disappointment of her dads missing her birthday, but now she worried for the disappearance of her hero, Harry Potter. She asked her dad, "Daddy, if Harry is so strong, why can't he just wish himself home?" Arthur knew she had been listening to her brothers as they read to her from the books he got her for her birthday. They made Harry look like some sort of god. He knew Harry could be no more than six years old, so the books were pure fantasy. He tried to explain this to Ginny, but at five years old herself, she didn't know what fantasy was. She just knew that Harry was her hero. As for the boy in question, Harry didn't try too hard to find his guardians. They hated him and he felt the same towards them. He was fed once, maybe twice a day. He never had a day off from his chores and they kept getting harder every year. His days grew longer and bedroom was getting smaller. Right now, he felt free of his controlled life. He didn't know how long he had been missing, but he didn't care. He was lucky in the fact that he found food sources all over, with mushrooms, wild onions, wild berries, apples and so much more. He even figured out a way to kill rabbits and squirrels for a meal with meat. He found fishing tackle with hooks caught in trees and bushes that he used to catch fish. He was eating better now then he did when he was with the Dursleys. His biggest problem was he didn't know his name. All he was ever called was freak or boy. He knew neither of them were his name because he heard his uncle tell his aunt he woulds never learn his true name because of what it meant should he learn his heritage. Right now he just knew his parents died in a car crash after getting drunk at a party. Harry also learned how to get clothes that fit him better than what the Dursleys provided him. A church close to where he stayed gave him clothes and shoes from the donations given to them by its attendees. His parish had a very big attendance. As for where Harry resided, it was an old abandoned, boarded up house. It looked bad on the outside, but inside, it was more that what he required. It was because of this house that he learned that he was different then other children his age. It happened when he was trying to reach the top of a closet to see what was in a box. He tried climbing the shelves, but they didn't hold him. He used the loose pieces of the shelving to reach the box, but it didn't work. Finally, in desperation he said, "Just come to me box!" and it flew off the shelf and into his hands. He practiced doing different things with this gift, as he liked to call it. He was able to start a fire in the fireplace and put it out with a water spray from his hands. He didn't know what it was he had, but he called it magic. For five years he lived this way, and in that time he also learned how to travel great distances by wishing to be some where else. He had different maps he found in the underground that he used to find new places to go to. He even traveled to France once, but when he asked someone where he was, they answered him with an unknown language. He visited Scotland, Ireland and Wales. He always landed on the outskirt of a city he was visiting to avoid landing on someone, like he did the first time he tried going to a different city. He landed in the middle of a large crowd in Yorkshire. It was so crowded, no one even noticed his arrival, but he did step on many feet, which gathered some harsh words from the people. The magic he was teaching himself helped so much in keeping him alive on his own. He never missed his family. In fact there are times he can't even remember their names. Now, on the 31st of July 1991, he was ready to start his day when an owl entered through on open window and dropped a letter on the floor in front of Harry and then took off. Harry looked at the letter and wondered what it was all about. He was afraid to touch it, because it looked so old he was thinking it would probably crumble when he touched it. He kicked it with his foot, and the letter moved with the action, so he picked it up and opened it. The letter told him what he thought about himself was right. He was what was called a wizard and this letter was from a school that would teach him how to be a proper wizard if he wished to attend. Harry knew that, with school, came costs. Money that he didn't have. He put the letter up in a place only he would find it. Maybe later he would try to look into this school. Back at the Burrow, Ginny was watching her last brother prepare to go to Hogwarts. Ron turned eleven in March and was ready to take his trip to Diagon Alley with then twins and Percy. Ginny would go as well, knowing she would be teased by Ron and the twins. Percy was too busy writing his list of things he thought he would need beside what his letter called for. He was a prefect this year, so he would need appropriate robes for his position. He would be the second son to receive new robes for school. Bill was the first, since he was the first child to attend. Charlie got his hand me downs from Bill. The trip was exactly as Ginny expected. She was ribbed constantly about her having to stay behind while they left for school. She heard all about Ron making new friends, maybe even Harry Potter, since this was to be his first year as well. This comment brought on tears to Ginny, as he was never found after the park incident. Ron knew all this and liked to upset his sister with his off comments. Three weeks later was Ron's trip to school and he hoped to see Harry Potter on the train and make friends with him. Once on board, he left his trunk in a compartment and went in search. He found the twins with a dark skinned boy who must have been their friend. He tried to ask them if they saw Potter, but they told him to get lost. He then found a wild haired girl talking to what he thought was a mama's boy because he was almost in tears over a lost toad. The girl was a bossy sort, so he left them both alone. He finally gave up the search as no one knew what he was talking about and no one answered to the name of Harry Potter. Hopefully he would confess once he was placed in his house. Once again he was disappointed when the Professor called out his name and no one stepped forward. After the meal and once he was settled in the dorm, he thought about writing to his sister and share his disappointment with her, but got caught up in a game of chess with a fellow student. He never would write that letter to Ginny, but the twins did and once again she was disappointed. The person she so much wanted to meet didn't attend Hogwarts, so he must be dead, or out of country. Either way she didn't expect to ever see Harry Potter. Harry used this time to further his magical abilities by seeing what he couldn't do. So far, what ever