Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter and am making no money from this. Cho Some things about this summer have been surprising, some less so. As I expected, I've been spending as much time out of the house as I could. It's not that I've run away or anything absurd like that; no I'm simply outside. Mainly I'm continuing the exercises and training I was doing for Quidditch at the end of the last school year. It was a simple matter to transfigure some weights to, and of course running, whether distance or sprints, as well as hills to train on took no special measures. I have no idea if I'll continue this in school; it's likely I'll be named captain of the team, so I could mandate this sort of training for the team. It's certainly had obvious physical benefits: my conditioning, my percentage of body fat, my endurance, my muscle tone, all have improved as a result. I suppose it would be cliché of me to say it's also given me too much time to think, but the fact of the matter is my mind would be wandering and thinking regardless. Whether working out or studying for my NEWTs (as my parents have repeatedly and emphatically indicated they want me to be doing) my mind always finds a way to wander. Nothing has changed between my parents and I. One might think it would have, given how last year ended; Umbridge recalled, the Educational Decrees repealed, none of it made a difference. Actually, that's imprecise; none was even spoken of. Though in a way it's unsurprising. For all the fanfare those decrees received and the Ministry's extremely public efforts to reform Hogwarts they were rescinded with nary a word. Partly it was because news of Voldermort's return drowned it out, but mainly it was a face saving measure. Minister Fudge has spent the summer desperately trying to save his job. I felt it was obviously a losing endeavor, but he tried regardless. Human nature, I suppose. Ironically, one of the ways both he and his potential successors (since the end of his time in office seems a foregone conclusion to all) is to cozy up to everyone who was at the Ministry and helped to uncover Voldermort's return. First it was a very obvious effort: the Order of Merlin, Second Class. Minister Fudge had us all at the Ministry for the ceremony, a gaudy thing whose obvious purpose was to have him photographed with all of us, giving us medals, shaking our hands and such. Not that I mean to sound unappreciative, it genuinely is a great honor, and unlike some instances of that medal being given out, we actually did do a service for the nation to earn it. And then there's the instances of this or that special task force or some committee or another reaching out to us for our insights on Death Eaters, their activities or best ways to pursue them. Usually a letter suffices, but there are times where we've been asked to actually go to the Ministry and provide testimony. All a farce of course; none of them cares in the least what we have to say. It's all just so they can get their picture taken with us, so everyone can see how much they care and how hard they're working to keep the nation safe and all that sort of drivel. Ironically Harry benefits the least from this. It seems old habits die hard, as the saying goes, and after the extended smear campaign against Harry, disdain for him is a very deeply ingrained habit for the government and The Daily Prophet and while they are no longer attacking Harry, he gets few mentions and faint praise when his name actually is raised. Not surprisingly, Luna gets little mention as well. It isn't personal in her case it's simply a matter of people having actually spoken to her. Luna is not your textbook heroine, and not someone most papers would be eager to interview or quote. So that leaves only five of us, myself, Hermione, Parkinson (or whatever one would call her now that she lacks a surname), and two Weasley siblings. We're regularly asked to come to the Ministry and consult on some matter or another (their code for asking us to appear in new photographs with them), get interviewed so some quote or another can appear in the paper, or contacted by this wizarding society or that so they can make us honorary member (and thus gain prestige). At first I felt honored by the attention, basked in it even. I even allowed myself to think it would make a difference somehow. But it quickly became apparent that was not to be. Unlike the attention and adoration that came with winning the Quidditch Cup, this is almost all being used as a prop by others. Certainly the Order of Merlin is a genuine honor, and having my name become a household name is something the narcissist in me loves, but it has almost no practical meaning. My relationship with my parents is still the same, distant, formal, and certain to go quite badly if I manage to get a contract with a professional Quidditch team. Mainly I try to ignore them this summer; give them their space, and other than the odd cursory greeting or reminder that I should study for my NEWTs, they do the same for me. My friendship with Mariette Edgecombe is not something either of us has made an effort to repair either, so on the whole it has been a summer with little contact with anyone I actually care to speak to. Today, however, that changes. Hermione and Parkinson (until I have a better way to refer to her I'll stick with her previous surname) have invited to take me shopping at a Muggle mall, along with Harry. I've never actually been shopping at Muggle stores, so it should be quite an interesting day; I've been looking forward to it since Hermione first suggested it. I try to pick something to wear that will blend in. I've one really seen Muggles in casual attire going to and from Kings Cross station, and I suspect I'm erring on the side of conservative fashion choices, but as they say, it will have to do. It's a bit of a walk to where I'm meeting Hermione and Parkinson, an intersection of two roads a few miles from my house. Muggles and wizards tending to not live in close proximity (and thus wizarding residences not being on the Muggle road network) has its downsides at times. I leave the house after breakfast, and get to the rendezvous point just on time. Within a minute Hermione and Parkinson arrive in a Muggle car, which Hermione apparently can operate. "Hi Cho. Good to see you again." Hermione greets. She looks well enough, and if anything her hair is a bit more under control than last year. "Heya Chang. Dressing a bit like a nun there, aren't you?" Parkinson asks. The summer has been kind to her; she's let her hair grow out, and her facial features have matured nicely. No more pug comments I think. Parkinson is a legitimately pretty girl now. "I wasn't sure what would be appropriate for this," I blush a bit. "Yeah well, we'll we're going shopping so we can get you something better." "I assume we're picking up Harry first?" "Yeah, we'll get him on the way." "He said his relatives probably won't let him go, so we may have to improvise," Hermione states. "I take it that's a euphemism for something?" I ask. "Relax, Chang, we got this." Parkinson smirks. I take it that means either there is no plan whatsoever or Parkinson has plans that fit with her own special brand of charm. It's a bit of a long ride to Harry's house. It's actually a fascinating experience; I've never seen how Muggles live. The population density is shocking;so many homes in such close proximity, many aren't even free standing structures; they share two common walls. I find it hard to understand how they can tolerate it. Of course at Hogwarts everyone has roommates, but I can't think of many wizarding families who would live in such close quarters to another. But then I suppose there aren't nearly as many wizards as there are Muggles. That's the other thing I can't help but notice: Muggles are numerous to the point of absurdity. Every car we see has Muggles, every store has Muggle customers, every workplace is filled with them, every house is for them to sleep in at night. I've always known Muggles are more numerous than wizards, and going to and from Kings Cross Station every year I see some of Muggle London, but it's hard to grasp from a single journey back and forth just how vast Muggle society is. It's an amazing sight, one I had no idea was there, not in this sort of scale. I suppose it's as they say: I truly do need to get out more. Pansy Potter's house is this generic brick piece of crap. Whole street full of them, all the same, just different numbers on them. Yeah, real important people here I'm sure, all full of personality and each sharing two walls with their neighbors. Hermione parks the car and we all walk to the front door. She rings the doorbell and this fat Muggle answers. "Hello, we're here to see Harry Potter," Hermione says. "There's no one here by that name," is the reply. From what Hermione told me, this guy must be Potter's uncle Vernon "I'm quite sure this is the right house." "Well it isn't. You've made a mistake." And with that the door is slammed in our faces. "What a dick," I mutter. Hermione rings the bell again, with no result. She tries once more, still nothing. "Here, let me try." Hermione steps aside and rather than try the bell again, I take out a wand and casts Alohamora on the lock, instantly opening the door. "W...what?" Vernon sputters, rushing over. "Now see here, this is breaking and entering." Yeah, like I'm going to take shit from this ass. Before he even gets started with whatever dumb thing he has to say my wand is pointed at the man's throat, shutting him up. "So you do know what this is then. Good, that'll make this simple." Harry comes down the stairs; probably heard all the ruckus."What's going on here? Hermione? Cho? What are you doing here?" "I told you Harry, we're going out for the day," Hermione replies. "Yeah, I know, you said so in your letter. But I told you, I can't go." "What, this fat sack of crap said no?" I ask. "He didn't give me permission, no." "How about now?" I ask the Muggle. "Want us to take Potter and head out? Or maybe you'd like us to spend the day here?" "Um, no, no, he can go," he lamely answers. "Good," I start to lower her wand, but then a thought hits me and I aim it at the fat bastard again. "Tell me something, you give Potter an allowance?" "An allowance? What, no, of course not." "Thought so. Fine, hand over your wallet." "You're robbing me? I won't have it. Wait, aren't you too young to do magic? I thought that was a law with your freaks, underage magic or some such. You can't do more than point that stick at me, can you?" "Um, maybe he's right and you should calm down," Potter tries to interrupt me. "Quiet, Potter," I don't bother sparing him a glance. "And you, Muggle, you're right, underage magic is illegal. But do you know how they know if an underage witch casts a spell? It's called The Trace. It's a spell put on your wand when you get it. It notifies the Ministry when the wand is