This is the first fanfiction I have ever had the guts to publish, be sure to leave reviews on what you think Chapter 1 I wasn't often scared, and on the rare occasion when I was, I was never one to admit it. There was one day however, when I and countless other children across Panem were afraid and were not ashamed to admit it. It was known as the Reaping which originated from the word reaps, meaning to harvest a crop or to reap a reward. It was ironic once one really thought about it, since the majority of Panem went to bed hungry and only one of the twenty-four children reaped would ever receive a reward, if it even could be considered that. It was on this day, the reaping day, that I would proudly admit I was afraid. I would never show it of course, but it was there hidden behind a carefully constructed poker face. For years I had watched the children of my district aged 12-18 gather together in the town square to await their fate and it was this year that I would finally be among them. I watched them cry for their loved ones and friends, from relief that they had escaped the dreaded Games for another year. I watched as the District celebrated the children that remained, whilst the families of the tributes chosen made their way home where they could mourn their almost certain upcoming deaths. Two years ago I had watched in despair as my older brother, the provider, the rock of the family, bravely made his way up on the stage to face the solemn District, not knowing whether he would ever return. This years reaping was more terrifying than any other because this year my name was printed on six of the flimsy white papers that were folded neatly into one of the huge clear glass reaping bowls. I had always thought it funny that a glass ball held our lives in the balance. My name was entered more than once because my brother's death resulted in my having to take over as my family's provider, and despite the fact Ean had clearly told me never to take tesserae if he were to die, it was either that or being sent to a Community Home where Tariq and I would be separated. Though I knew it was unlikely I would ever be reaped, as there were thousands of slips in the bowl, I couldn't help the feeling of dread and apprehension that washed over me when I considered my name being picked from the bowl. Tariq, my baby brother, who was only three would be shipped of to the Community Home and would soon forget all about me just like he had forgotten Ean. He would grow up alone, hungry, starved and unloved. I knew, from observing them at school, that the community kids were a lot weaker than others, this was probably due to severe malnourishment and atrocious living conditions. The Community Home didn't get much funding and most of the food was procured from the inhabitants tesserae. Their poor immune systems couldn't fight off the majority of deadly viruses and were more susceptible to illnesses and diseases. Therefore it was very likely that my beloved Tariq wouldn't live very long. Tariq had always been small, born prematurely through an emergency caesarean. He had wailed his first cry as my mother breathed her last breath. Our father had despised him from the second he learned of our mothers death, he blamed him for the death of his beloved death, despite the fact it takes more than one person to conceive a baby. It was me and Ean who looked after him. We fed him when he needed feeding, changed him when he needed changing, comforted him when he cried and most of all we loved him. Ean used to say that we loved him enough that it didn't matter that mother was dead and father couldn't stand to look at him. After the death of our mother, our father turned to drinking. Any spare money we had disappeared so that eventually Ean had to take out tesserae if we were to eat, despite the fact mother had never wanted him to. Father was mean, rude and abusive, not the man I had grown up calling daddy and certainly not the man I had respected fro most of my short life. It was when Tariq was one, Ean fourteen and I nine that it happened. Our father had turned up drunk to work and no one had noticed. The chemical factory he worked in exploded. There were no survivors, 326 dead at our father's reckless hands. We were shunned. It was a miracle we survived at all at the beginning. It didn't seem to matter that we did nothing wrong. We were related to him and that was considered a crime. Ean was old enough to work, but no one would employ him, the son of a murderer. If it hadn't been for the mercy of an old friend of our mothers, we probably would have starved to death in those first few months. Maria Turnips had been our mother's childhood best friend. Her husband was the local butcher and would give Ean odd jobs here and now. Ean had only been working there for a few months when he was reaped. He never made it home. I could remember that day as if it were yesterday. It was the first reaping after our father's death and Ean had just turned fifteen. We were dressed in the finest clothes we owned. Ean was in an old worn blue dress shirt that had one belonged to father, and I was in a simple shabby brown dress. Tariq, who had developed a fondness for running array, was being held tightly to Ean's chest. Ean had grown stronger in the past few months from hoisting heavy meats around for the butcher, and looked more like a man than a boy to my ten-year old eyes. It had been Ean's dream to invent things before father's death. He had even received an invitation to join the Academy, but he had to decline. I knew it was unsatisfying for him working for the butcher, it wasn't challenging enough for him, but we had to eat. When we reached the checkpoint Ean handed Tariq to me and warned me to keep a tight hold of him before striding towards the group of fifteen year olds. I made my way to the crowd of bystanders as usual, Tariq's heavy weight squirming irritatingly against my hip, desperately hoping that the reaping would be over and done with soon so we could go home. The girl was picked first, Anneliese Marks the mayors daughter. I watched as she made her way bravely to the stage stepping away from her fellow fourteen year olds, her petite blond form shaky. I didn't know her personally, but she had stopped another girl from her class from pushing me once so I was a little saddened by her being picked. Then it was the boys turn. My breath hitched slightly in anticipation, and then, and then she called Ean's name. I froze. Out of the thousands of slips in that stupid oversized glass bowl, our ever cheerful escort picked the one that had my brother's name on it. I watched with tear filled eyes as he jerkily made his way onto the stage, his face a stoic mask, and his eyes I knew filled with the determination not to show his fear. I could hear the murmured whispers around me. Good riddance someone whispered. Paying for his father's sin said another. I glared through my tears at the people who were glad my adored brother was being sent to his death. The proceedings went by in a blur before we were all dismissed. I ran towards the Justice Building, Tariq complaining on my hip. The first person I went to see was Anneliese. I had never thanked her for saving me from her classmate's ruthless actions. She looked surprised to see me, she even laughed when I explained why I was there. Any decent person would have done the same, she said before I left wishing her luck. My visit with Ean was much more emotional. When the peacekeeper let us through I ran into his arms ignoring Tariq's whine of protest to being squashed between us. We simply held each other for a few minutes before Ean started talking. He loved us, he said. He would try his best to come home. In the meantime I wasn't to take any Tessera and I would have to try to find a job. I knew Ean knew it was pointless though. School was mandatory until you were thirteen and I had just turned ten. If Ean didn't come home Tariq and I were headed for the Community Home. Ean kissed us both on our foreheads and hugged us both one more time before being pulled away by peacekeepers. That was the last time I ever saw him. As I left the Justice Building I contemplated Annaleise's last words to me any decent person would have done the same. Panem didn't have a lot of decent people I decided. Weeks later my prediction was confirmed when Anna died on the third day of the games, stabbed in the back by the girl she had allied with and trusted. Life after those particular games was tough. I had no means of procuring any money and we were hungrier every day. I knew that if we were to survive we would have to enrol ourselves into the Community Home soon. Surprisingly it was Beetee, who had been Ean's mentor in the games that was the first to approach me after his death as well to offer me help. Due to his insistence Tariq and I moved in with him and Wiress. Almost immediately we fell into a comfortable routine. Everyday after school I would make my way to the Victor's Village where I would cook and clean for them. They tried to tell me it wasn't necessary, but I was much too proud to accept what I thought of as charity so they allowed me to keep my pride intact, and help keep the house orderly. I did however know that they appreciated my cooking, as they were both awful at it. I also liked to make sure they actually came down to eat, as I suspected they were often to immersed in new ideas to eat most of the time since they were far to skinny. I grew fond of the adorable inventing couple. They were quiet and observant and mostly kept to themselves in public, but were very out going when you got to know them. Beetee got me interested in technology again, he liked to tell me interesting facts, he asked for my opinion on all his inventions and he let me borrow his books when I admitted to finding my schoolwork dull, boring and unchallenging. Wiress was warm and motherly, always trying to make me laugh. She had taken a liking to Tariq and looked after him when I was at school. I was grateful for them, their generosity and kind hearts. But despite their reassurances that I wouldn't get picked this year I made them promise to look after Tariq anyway. I laughed sheepishly when they asked what I thought they would do with Tariq, throw him in a dumpster? Eventually the day came when I was standing for the first time among the crowd of District 3 children, on the much dreaded day of the year which would decide whether or not we lived or died. I sucked my sore thumb nervously. The peace-keepers had pricked my finger for a drop of blood when I had signed in to identify me, and they hadn't been to gentle about it