Hey, There Hope You Enjoy! I REVISED IT, BUT NOT BY MUCH, SO PLEASE GIVE IT A CHANCE! I sat in my room watching the busy streets of Volterra, Italy as tears fled my eyes onto the carpet beneath FLASHBACK BEGIN I walked downstairs to my mother's room. Lately I have feeling like I was alone because I hadn't told anyone about my shield, a gift that I have that can shield me from anything and i wanted someone to know and my mom said I could tell her anything. I knocked on her bedroom door. "Come in, Bella!" she called as I heard boxes being moved out the way. I stepped in her room with a big smile when I saw that she was redecorating her room. She gave a smile in return as she applied paint to the wall. "Mommy I have a special power that protects me want a see?" I asked her excited that someone will know what I can do. She turned towards with a confused look on her face. When she turned she knocked over paint, but I caught with my shield, letting the liquid splatter all over its surface. I looked up at Renee's face, proud of what I had just showed her. How wrong I was to expect a face of a proud mother too. My mothers face was torn into face of pure horror but she didn't scream. I took a step forward but she took two back. I saw her take a hold of her cross that she kept around her neck, because she was a firm believer in god. Then she said something that broke my heart. "Stay away from me you monster!" she screamed like a was the devil himself. "Mom-" I started but was cut of. "You're no daughter of my mine!" she yelled than ran out the room, ducking around me. Soon after that I heard the front door open than slam. FLASHBACK END I sighed and stood from my spot and dragged myself out of the room to the front door suitcase in hand. I took one more look at my house and left down the rode. Just like when I was looking out the window there were clusters of people on the side walk and all seemed to ignore or simply not see me at all. After a painfully long walk I came to an alleyway and turned down it, thinking it would be a good place to sleep, for it was getting dark and cold. Farther down the alley I got until I suddenly fell in a whole. I didn't scream, I didn't feel the need to. The fall itself didn't hurt because of the shield but I didn't know how to get back up to the surface. Then I suddenly heard voices coming from one end of the tunnel I was in. I followed them for what seemed like hours until I saw light at the far end. I smiled and started running until I made it to a door that was open, I ran into the bright room, it was quiet as I looked around and saw three rather beautiful men, they were all standing frozen as statues staring at me. A man with black hair, who looked to be in his mid forties and had pale, papery like skin stepped forward. "What are you doing down here little one?" he asked in a bored monotone but had a very confused expression on his beautiful face. "I don't know, I went adventuring and then I came to an alleyway then I fell in a hole in the ground. I heard voices from this direction and came here, hoping to find help." I told them. They all unfroze after my story. Another man started to speak with the same papery skin and black hair. "My name is Aro, these are my brothers Marcus and Caius." He pointed to the man that sounded bored and a man with snow white hair. "What is your name?" he asked. "My name is Bella Swan." I said. In the back of my head something told me to run but I knew if they did try to hurt me I would be the one to leave because of my shield. That's when I saw it, I don't know how I missed it but all their eyes were blood red. I was suddenly very confused. "What are you?" I asked lifting an eyebrow. Aro shot them all a look before he said anything. He walked up to me and knelt in front of me. He put his hand on my shoulder, it was hard like stone and cold compared to my skin and then he looked really confused and amazed. "Are you alright?" he didn't answer so I turned to his friends. "What's wrong with him?" I asked but they looked confused and didn't answer my question. Suddenly Aro stood and turned to his friends. "I can't hear her thoughts. She has potential. What should we do?" he was talking really fast, inhumanly fast. "You know I can hear you right?" I asked a little annoyed that he was pretending I wasn't there. They all turned to me, wide eyed in shock. "She obviously is powerful we should tell what we are." Said Aro; again ignoring my presence. I felt the need to smack him but held back the destructive part of me. They turned back to me again. "We are vampires; we drink human blood and sparkle in the sun instead of burning in it, we are inhumanly beautiful as well. Some of us have special powers but not all, I can read minds through touch and Marcus can read emotional ties between people. When I touched you just now I couldn't read your mind, I wonder why?" he asked himself. I found that I wasn't really scared by this just intrigued, I debated with myself whether or not I should tell him about my shield after all that had happened to me and how I seem to have better hearing and site compared to others. I decided yes and looked up at him. I started to tell them everything. They were astounded by this and took me into a room filled with more red eyed vampires. I wasn't scared though I know I should be. They all looked confused and alarmed at the same time I was a bit embarrassed that everyone's attention was on me so I half hid myself behind Caius who didn't seem to mind. They went to sit in three thrown like chairs that were lined up together. Aro spoke first. "Everyone this is Bella she is very special. She has what seems to be a physical and mental shield; I can't read her mind at all. She found her way here through the tunnels and told us about her gifts." He said smiling truly pleased. Gasps broke out around the room. "That can't be she is but a mere human." A very beautiful short girl with blonde hair tired into a bun at the back of her head said. I tilted my head at her. "I'm not lying to you, if I were could you feel this?" I asked as I gently nudged her back. Her eyes widened and she looked amazed. Aro grinned and everyone started to talk at once until Marcus raised his hand, a small smile playing at his lips. I looked him. "Bella would you like to join us someday as vampires?" he asked. Caius grunted and I looked at him with an arched eyebrow. "She would have to Marcus, don't make it seem like she has a choice, she knows too much about us. She will be changed." He said finally. I pondered this for a moment or two. "Actually I don't mind being changed." I said smiling. Aro stood and walked forward. "We will have to keep a close eye on you."he went on. "I think we should tell your mother and father that we are an organization that reaches out to children that are gifted. We will teach you everything about our world and yours." He said wisely. My face fell and a tear escaped my eyes without my permission. Aro knelt before again he looked confused and afraid like he thought he had hurt me. "What is wrong, my child?" he asked. "My mommy left because I told her what I can do." He frowned and the short vampire walked over patted me on the head gently. "You are very special Bella, if your mother couldn't see that then that is her problem. Besides you are very welcome to stay here with us, right Aro?" she said harshly, almost nodded his head happily. "Thank you." I said and Aro took my hand and led me up to the throne. He sat me there on his lap and soon I was playing with the ends of my hair and with Aro's hands as he started to explain the vampire life style to me when he suddenly stood with me in his arms. "It's time for you to go to sleep, young one." he said. He motioned for two men to step forward. "Bella this is Felix and Demetri. Take her to the room next to mine." he instructed as he gave me to the one with the black hair while the man with brown hair smiled at me eagerly. They took me down a long hallway then stopped at a rather large door. "Here is your room Bella." he said happily and opened the door for me. I jumped down and explored my new room. I faced the two that were still standing there watching me silently. I went up to them. "Will you guys stay, I'm afraid of the dark and Renee used turn on the hallway light for me." I said embarrassed that I need so much help. They smiled at me in any case and nodded. "Of course we'll stay." Demetri said picking me up while Felix nodded his agreement both were smiling. "Let me go get Renata to find you something to sleep in." Felix said before he exited the room. "Hey Bella I want to see what you can do. Please?"Demetri begged. I giggled, he was a big goof ball. "Okay but you can't blame me if you get hurt." I said, he scoffed at me. I shrugged and lifted him upside down in the air just as Felix came back with Renata. They saw what was going on and shook their heads. "Put me down now, please." he said and I dropped him head first on the floor. "Oops, sorry." I said and everyone except Demetri who was trying not to laugh. Renata recovered first and I took notice of her black hair and the glittering smile that she gave me when she saw I was staring up at her. "Come here let me see what I have to work with." she motioned for me to turn. So I did and she clapped her hands. "I know I have the perfect thing for you." she ran out the room at vampire speed and came back not a minute sooner. She looked the boys sternly. "Out, now." she pointed at the door, they pouted but left. Renata then started to wash me up in a bathroom that broke off into my room. After the bath I started to feel sleepy so Renata put me to bed immediately, saying that she was surprised that I was up this long. She stayed though making sure to keep the light on when she left. I woke up the next morning with a wet pillow and I started to cry wishing that my mother hadn't have done what she did. But I realize that I didn't need she left me not the other way around. I smiled to myself and got out of bed. I went over to the window and saw that