Disclaimer Harry Potter and all associated characters, locations and what not belong to J.K. Rowling and whoever she sells the rights to. I have borrowed these characters, locations and what not in order to mess around with them. In some cases I have lifted a piece of dialogue or scene directly from the books as a touchstone. I do not own anything except the plot and I am not making any money from this endeavor. This applies to the whole story. Warning This is a story featuring Harry Potter and Hermione Granger which bashes Ron Weasley. If this is not your cup of tea then please don't read it. Hermione stiffened as she heard a loud crash behind her. Please, not again. She was attending the annual Easter Neighbourhood Barbecue. The Barbecue was a tradition in their neighbourhood. They all took turns hosting it and everyone contributed to it. It was, as her father had once put it, an example of how people can come together without negativity. This year it happened to coincide with Hogwarts' Easter break and her parents were hosting. Traditionally the hosts also invited their families and particularly good friends. Hermione's parents had invited her aunt and uncle and her two cousins. In Hermione's case it had meant inviting her boyfriend. Ron had been nervous about meeting her parents and she had tried to reassure him. I wish I'd understood exactly how nervous he would be before thinking of inviting him. Ron had arrived late. That wouldn't normally have been a problem if Ron hadn't chosen to wear his best guess at a muggle suit. The monstrosity was bright Chudley Cannon orange and looked like it had been made from carpet. Ron had chosen to pair this with a maroon shirt and a lime-green tie. The result was almost painful to look at. I even explained to him what to wear. I know Harry loaned him a suit. How on earth did it come to this? If he had at least shown up on time I would have been able to transfigure his outfit into something more normal, but there's no way I could explain that now. The other problem with Ron's tardiness was its cause. Apparently he had tried to imbibe some liquid courage and now he was falling all over the place. Hermione turned away from the elderly couple she had been talking to and saw her worst fears confirmed. Ron was lying in a tangle of folding chairs, cursing loudly as he tried to extricate himself. Hermione tried to contain her sigh of frustration. "Excuse me please, Mr. and Mrs. Williams. I need to go help him." Hermione said to the shocked looking pensioners who had occasionally been her baby-sitters when she was younger. Mrs. Williams barely managed a nod. Hermione hurried over to where Ron was still fighting mightily with and losing to the rented garden furniture. She made quick work of getting the offending chairs out of his reach and within a minute had him clear of the table that was in real danger of falling over. That would be a disaster. The food everyone contributed would be ruined if he knocked the table over. I'm not sure Dad would be able to restrain himself if that happened; he's about ready to throw Ron in the pool already. As it was, Hermione could feel her father's glare at Ron boring into her back. She knew that her parents were upset with Ron and the way he was acting. I think we can safely say that Ron hasn't made a stellar first impression. Hermione almost cringed at her own understatement. I need help. I'm not going to be able to corral Ron on my own and talk with everyone I haven't seen in ages like my parents want me to. If I need help, I think I know where to turn. Putting aside her thoughts for a moment, Hermione heaved Ron into a more or less vertical position. "Hermsh! Shtupid shairsh was inna way." Ron slurred happily at her. "Wha' shay we ditsh t' muggulsh and have shome fun?" "Ron. Control yourself." Hermione hissed through clenched teeth as she half dragged him to the fence that separated her family's garden from the neighbour's. She lowered him down and watched his head roll. "Stay here, okay? I'll go get someone you can talk Quidditch to." A happy grin stretched across Ron's face as he dropped his head back against the fence with a loud crack that made Hermione want to wince. Once she was sure that Ron was unlikely to be making any sudden detours Hermione hurried over to her mother. "Mum, can you keep an eye on Ron for a minute? I'm going to call in some reinforcements." Hermione's mother gave her a narrow-eyed stare that Hermione couldn't quite manage to interpret as an approbation of her idea. She ignored that for now and simply called out "Thanks!" before rushing inside. Hermione hurried up the stairs to her room and immediately started rummaging through her beaded bag, which had replaced her school trunk in short order after Voldemort's defeat. When she couldn't find what she was looking for, Hermione drew her wand from her wrist holster and pointed it into her bag. "Accio Mirror!" She quickly reached out and snatched up the mirror that flew out of her bag. "Harry Potter." The mirror clouded over and a moment later Hermione was looking at the slightly confused face of her best friend. "Hermione? Aren't you supposed to be at that barbecue thing your parents are holding?" "I am. I just-... I need your help, Harry." "My help? What for?" "Ron's completely plastered. I know he said he was nervous, but I never imagined that he would try to resolve it like this." "How plastered are we talking?" "He can barely walk and it's only a matter of time before he breaks the Statute. Please, Harry, I really need you." Harry gave a sigh and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Right. Let me just say goodbye to Andi and Teddy and I'll pop over to my place. Your parents had a dress code, right?" "Oh, Harry, you are an absolute life saver!" Hermione gasped out. "It's not so much a dress code, really. Just dress smart, okay?" "Yeah, yeah. You owe me, Granger." Harry said with a rueful smile. "I do. I know I do. Thank you so much." Hermione gave Harry her address and watched the ceiling of Andromeda Tonks' house as Harry took a moment to write it down. When he picked the mirror up again Hermione thanked him again. "It's fine. I'll see you in a bit." The mirror clouded over again and Hermione felt a powerful urge to just flop on her bed in relief. I don't know where we'd be without Harry. It wasn't just the fact that he'd destroyed the most feared Dark Lord in known history roughly a year ago, it was the fact that Hermione couldn't imagine a truer friend. She took a deep breath and squared her shoulders. Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more. :-:-:-:-: If anyone had asked Helen Granger what she was doing in her kitchen, she would have told them that she was making a salad and it would be perfectly true. She would deny, if asked, that she was hiding from the embarrassment of having a drunk wizard in her home and that would be a bald faced lie. I swear, there must be something wrong with those people. Hermione has managed to learn about their world and doesn't constantly muck up their basic concepts. I'll grant that Hermione is a damn sight more intelligent than most, but this lout doesn't even seem to be making an effort. His father was at least as bad. For someone who claims to be interested in our world he's either thick as a brick sandwich or lying. I know I didn't stutter when I corrected his pronunciation of 'electricity' but he couldn't seem to catch on. He wasn't even consistent in his mistakes. In the privacy of her own mind Helen could admit that wizarding terminology still confused her as well and that the father might be similarly confused by their world, or she would have if her mind hadn't been busy venting her irritation. The worst part may be that he was introduced to everyone as Hermione's boyfriend. Penny's never going to let this rest. Helen's sister Penelope was very focused on status and appearances. Normally Helen could ignore Penny's bragging about how popular her two daughters were, but she didn't think she would be able to ignore her sister's words about Ronald Weasley. It's really hard to ignore someone you essentially agree with while she's rubbishing your daughter. For the next few minutes vegetables were cut and shredded with undue vehemence. Once she had the salad arranged Helen looked around her kitchen hoping rather desperately that she could find something else to do. As she cast about, her eyes were drawn out of the window. Just outside her house a motorbike was pulling up. Helen guessed that it might be a classic. I can at least give the excuse that I was trying to determine if it was one that Richard might be interested in. Not that Helen's husband was interested in motorbikes in general, but he could appreciate classic cars, bikes, trains… actually, he likes anything that has a combustion engine and is at least twenty years old. As she watched the rider pulled something from his jacket pocket and looked at it before looking back up at her house. Apparently satisfied, he then got off and turned off his motor. Despite herself, Helen was getting interested in who this person was and what they were doing here. When he took his helmet off Helen could see that he had black hair. Unfortunately when he went to put his helmet and his leather jacket in his saddlebags Helen could see his arm disappearing up to the shoulder as he rooted around for something else. She could feel her heart lodge around her ankles. Another one. Hermione did say something about calling in reinforcements, but did she really have to invite another one over? While Helen Granger was cursing her luck and her daughter's judgement she had missed the man walking up to her door. The sound of the doorbell ringing brought her out of her thoughts. Can I get away with ignoring his presence? No, Hermione specifically called him. Drat, drat, drat. Might as well get this over with. Squaring her shoulders, Helen walked to her front door and opened it. She felt oddly surprised by the fact that the young man in front of her looked... normal. He was wearing a pair of jeans and an untucked black shirt with a purple tie. His trouser legs covered what would appear to be a pair of leather boots. On one wrist sat a watch and on the other a leather bracelet that looked familiar for some reason. She noticed that his eyes had been scanning her as well and Helen even thought that she could see a little relief in them. "Excuse me, but are you Mrs. Granger? Hermione asked me to come over." "Yes, I'm Helen Granger." "A pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Granger. My name is Harry Potter." Hmph. Well, at least this one has better manners than the other; and he's not drunk as a sailor on shore leave. Helen took the hand the young man was holding out to her and shook it gingerly. "Won't you come in?" she asked turning so he could enter. It took some effort to get her manners to work. I don't care what Hermione thinks, I've yet to see a single one that can actually act like a normal human being. Shortly after he had stepped through the doorway, Harry turned around to face her and offered