This fic was written as a way to mark my one year anniversary publishing in this fandom. In that time I've written 567'706 words spread over 11 stories, which is the boring stat. Much more interesting: 1089 of you have decided you want to be alerted when a new story of mine hits the site. Together you've left 3733 reviews. That kind of response deserves a 'thank you', but two words seem a bit paltry, so here you go: this one's for you. Thank you for your encouragement and advice. Warning This fic contains drinking and teenagers, but oddly no smut. It will end up with Harry and Hermione together. If this isn't your cup of tea, you shouldn't read this. Disclaimer Harry Potter and all associated characters, locations and what not belong to J.K. Rowling and whoever she sells the rights to. I have borrowed these characters, locations and what not in order to mess around with them. In some cases I may lift a piece of dialogue or scene directly from the books as a touchstone. I do not own anything except the plot and I am not making any money from this endeavor. This applies to the whole story. I just don't understand it. Hermione Granger was sitting in the Great Hall pushing her breakfast around her plate. There has to be some kind of magic at work. For a little over five years now she had attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. In that time she had learnt magics that her eleven-year-old self hadn't even been able to imagine, she had shattered several academic records and was widely acknowledged as one of the brightest students to attend the school in years. Even so there were still aspects of Hogwarts and magic that she just didn't understand. One such mystery was occupying her thoughts more than any other this morning. How on earth is the Hogwarts rumour mill so efficient? Hermione liked to think that she was above such a low-brow pass-time as gossiping and that was causing her to feel slightly guilty as she eavesdropped on a conversation her roommates were having a little further down the table. Despite her best efforts to avoid getting dragged into the seedy world of Hogwarts gossip, Hermione couldn't help herself: she had been born curious. There were things being discussed that she didn't know about yet and it drew her attention like a moth to a flame. At least I don't go around repeating what I've heard she tried to console herself. Besides, if they didn't want to be overheard they wouldn't be talking in the middle of the Great Hall when every last student is here trying to get a bite in before the first Quidditch match of the season. Shoving her guilt down somewhere she couldn't look at it, Hermione refocused on the conversation. "Well, of course I never told you, Lav. I mean we were only fourteen and there wasn't really much to tell. I think the both of us were in a little over our heads." "Parv, if you and the Boy Who Lived had swapped spit it would have been newsworthy, never mind this!" "It really wasn't something to talk about. We were both just experimenting, really. Looking back it was almost adorable how we fumbled about, but sweet Circe, if I ever meet another parselmouth I'm not hesitating." The conversation devolved into a lot of giggling and Hermione found herself holding her fork in a white-knuckled grip. She exhaled slowly and deliberately placed her fork on the table. Calm down, Hermione. This isn't the first rumour like this you've heard… no point in getting upset about it. Ever since the beginning of their sixth year every rumour going around Hogwarts seemed to be about her best friend. To be fair, that's not as new as I wish it was. These rumours were different though. Ever since they had gotten back from their summer holidays everyone in Hogwarts, or at least every girl, had noticed the differences in Harry Potter. He had shot up like a weed and Hermione had barely contained her surprise when she had realised that for the first time in their friendship Harry was a good bit taller than she was. He didn't smile as often as he used to, but when he did that lopsided grin was even more charming than usual for its rarity. On top of that Harry was the undisputed star and captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, a hero who had been unjustly persecuted for a year and charmingly polite and caring despite it all. I really shouldn't be surprised that he's attracting this much attention. This rumour was only the latest in a whole slew of conquests that Harry had supposedly made. Hermione had heard that the Head Girl, Cho Chang, had claimed to have been intimate with Harry last year after several DA meetings. Just how bad would her personality have to be for Harry to only take her out on one date if they had already shagged a few times? Harry did call her a human hosepipe and their first encounter 'wet'... did she cry during sex? Susan Bones apparently had quite a story to tell about Harry and an evening they spent in Greenhouse Four. I wonder how they'd keep the more dangerous plants at bay while they were distracted, though apparently a sliver of Devil's Snare was part of the fun. Ginny had even confessed to Hermione that she and Harry had snuck out of the Burrow over the summer and lost their virginities in the Weasley family orchard. Ginny had been incredibly upset when that rumour had somehow leaked into circulation, but had thankfully believed Hermione's assurances that she'd kept the secret. It seems so unlike Harry to do that, but Ginny had more to lose and almost nothing to gain by telling me that. If it's not true and Harry hears about the tale that would pretty much scupper any hope she has of a relationship with him. All in all Hermione had counted five different girls who claimed that they and Harry had lost their virginities together and at least a dozen more who claimed to have done everything short of actual intercourse with her best friend. Hermione heaved a sigh as she tried to centre herself. Clearly they can't all be telling the truth or Harry would have lost his virginity several times over somehow. As it stands I can see two possibilities: either the girls are lying or they are telling the truth as they know it and Harry has been lying to them. Normally she would just ask Harry about the rumours and if he had any idea how they'd gotten started, but she just couldn't bring herself to start that conversation. What if he tells me the rumours are true? How am I supposed to react to that? Hermione's first instinct was still to trust her best friend but there was a little voice in the back of her mind that insisted on whispering doubts. Harry may despise the rumours about him, but that doesn't mean that they were always wrong. In the trio's first year the rumour mill had correctly spread the story of the troll attack. It had correctly predicted that Harry was the Gryffindor Seeker despite Oliver Wood's most fanatical efforts to keep that a secret. It had gotten the reason for their midnight trip to the tower wrong, but since we didn't correct Professor McGonagall's assumptions the blame for that misconception falls squarely onto our own shoulders. Even Harry's confrontation with Professor Quirrell had been spread all over the school less than a day after it happened. In their second year Harry had been ostracised due to the suspicions that he was the Heir of Slytherin and the one behind the attacks. If we're being objective that wasn't an unreasonable assumption on the students' part. The available evidence pointed to Harry and he really was the only one who could have opened the Chamber without a Dark Lord possessing them. The most we can say is that they should have realised that Harry wouldn't do that and at least 90% of the student body didn't know him well enough to know that; they probably still don't. In their third year the rumours had thankfully quieted down a little. There had been a short-lived one that she and Ron were dating before the student body corrected that to account for the fact that Harry quite simply couldn't join them. That shows that, as a collective, the student body doesn't blindly keep rumours going if there is evidence to the contrary. The rumour mill had thankfully not picked up on the fact that she and Harry had been the ones to free Sirius Black from captivity. We did have the watertight alibi of being in two places at the same time, but it's still a good thing. On the other hand Professor Lupin's status as a werewolf had been all over the school within an hour of Professor Snape's 'slip of the tongue' and, while it was a puerile act of revenge by the Potions Master, the rumours hadn't been inaccurate. In their fourth year rumours had come back with a vengeance to play a part in their lives. Even then they were fuelled by speculation and suggestion in the media. Fourth year was harder to consider objectively since she had been dragged into some of the nastier tales being told, but, as any good student of logic and reason would, Hermione did her best. The only facts were that Harry was somehow entered into the tournament in a clearly illegal way given that he was the fourth Champion . That everyone felt he had cheated was probably more down to assumptions based on what they would have done themselves. Like I told Harry about Ron: it's hard to always be in his shadow sometimes. Skeeter was a foul bint, but she's not technically a part of the Hogwarts rumour mill. Anyone might lend credence to what they read in the news; you wouldn't read it if you didn't. Fifth year had also been hard, but in all honesty the rumours had been more of an ongoing discussion than malicious whispers. Of course students had had their views influenced by their family and the media. Harry might have been the lone voice of reason, but like so many times before could offer no proof to convince others. I know it was hard for Harry to put up with their whispers and looks, but we can't control what people think and we shouldn't want to… 'thoughtcrime' is truly one of the most horrific things Orwell ever came up with. Even aside from that Umbridge had known about the existence of the DA almost before it was formed. Though perhaps that should be attributed to the 'Graduates' Rumour Mill'. Unfortunately Hermione's review of the accuracy of the rumour mill over the past five years made her feel even more uneasy about the stories that were spreading about Harry. The worst we can really say is that the gossips didn't always have all the information, but they didn't make things up out of the blue. Imperfect data is a fact of life after all. They might have found better ways to occupy their time, but they weren't inaccurate. It was that inescapable conclusion that affected Hermione more deeply than she ever wanted to let on. She had been aware for a long time now that her two best friends were members of the opposite sex. It might have taken the two boys a little longer, but Hermione was sure that this year they were all on the same page. She could tell that they were both finally starting to at least consider dating and romance in a more serious light and she had hopes that one of them might even be considering her