AN: I found this challenge by reading someone else's response and have no idea if the account of the person who first issued the challenge is still active, but it was reportedly issued by MarauderbyMoonlight. Credit to them for the original idea. Challenge Requirements: - takes place during the summer (after fourth or fifth year) - Harry is at the Dursleys' - Harry helps out a neighbour (you can decide how, but Harry must make a really good impression) - the neighbour Harry helps out turns out to be the head of a country club that Vernon and Petunia just joined - club is holding a dance/party/welcoming for Vernon and his family; head person insists that Harry come too - Harry's neighbour is a relative of Hermione's as well, her family is attending the party too - Hermione at first does not want to attend (she is too worried about Harry), but her mother talks her into it - MUST END HARRY AND HERMIONE! Optional: - During the dance, Dudley gets a crush on Hermione, but is devastated when she spends the entire time with Harry - Dudley can act like a total ass, embarrassing Vernon to no end, while Harry's the perfect gentleman - If Harry and Hermione do hook up during the dance, Dudley accuses Harry of using magic on her and tells Vernon, who screams first at Harry, then gets in a fight with Hermione's parents, not knowing she's a witch too Warning Obviously this will be a H/Hr story. There will be violence and references to child abuse. Disclaimer Harry Potter and all associated characters, locations and what not belong to J.K. Rowling and whoever she sells the rights to. I have borrowed these characters, locations and what not in order to mess around with them. In some cases I have lifted a piece of dialogue or scene directly from the books as a touchstone. I do not own anything except the plot and I am not making any money from this endeavor. This applies to the whole story. "Make sure you get back here on time, freak! We're not going to delay our dinner for you!" Aunt Petunia's voice screeched after Harry as he hurried out the door of Number 4, Privet Drive. This summer had been unbearable so far and he had only been back for a week. Nightmares of the battle at the Department of Mysteries had woken him up every night. His tormented screams unfortunately also woke his relatives who were less than pleased with that state of affairs and Vernon had let him feel it. The warning that the Order had given them at King's Cross was proving to be less than effective. Vernon just stood behind Harry with a cricket bat whenever he wrote a letter to the Order and Hedwig was kept locked up in her cage whenever she wasn't out delivering a letter. Harry's only refuge from his relatives was to leave the house every day and walk wherever his feet took him. Like the year before he had to make sure that he got home just before Dudley did if he wanted to eat dinner. Come home too early though and his relatives would take it as a challenge to see how many ways they could come up with to insult him, his parents and his friends; after his experiences before his third and fifth year Harry had decided that he wasn't going to take a chance on the Ministry's reaction. As he walked Harry tried to force his mind away from memories of what had happened at the Ministry at the end of the school year. Usually they lingered as a chill in the back of his mind, no matter how warm and sunny the day might be. He wondered if the Order had posted guards again, like they had last summer, but no one had stopped him from going where he pleased yet. Probably because it would include talking to a mopey, useless git who got his godfather killed. With a shiver Harry forced that thought away again. It seemed like every time he thought about anything his mind was bound and determined to wander over to Sirius' death or the injuries he had caused to Ron, Hermione, Tonks and the others. I am so sorry, everyone. I should have never taken you along. Harry's deepest shame was reserved for the way he had spoken to Hermione before they left and the way she had looked after that purple flame had hit her in the chest. Sirius at least made his own choice to go and rescue his idiot of a godson. I pretty much forced Hermione to come along when she tried to warn me that it was a trap. I really owe her an apology. I just hope that she'll still be friends with me, even if I wouldn't be able to blame her if she told me to get lost the next time we see each other. Another shudder passed through Harry at that thought. I wish I could just not think about this anymore, just blank my mind. In an effort to distract himself Harry took a path across some fields so that he could force himself to concentrate far more than necessary on placing his feet carefully on the uneven ground. He barely even paid attention to where he was headed as he walked on. He just kept putting one foot in front of the other as the sun kept climbing in the sky. As a result he had no idea where he might have ended up when he heard a scream of pain coming from somewhere ahead and to his left. Harry's body dropped into a crouch, his wand out and moving, his muscles tensed to respond to possible threats in an instant. He realised that he had ended up in a fairly affluent neighbourhood. The houses were larger than the ones on Privet Drive and he could see carefully manicured gardens that would make the Dursleys drool with envy. Another cry of pain solidified Harry's certainty about which house it was coming from. What do I do? What if the Death Eaters came here already? As he thought of running away and leaving the screamer to his fate Harry's mind filled with an image of Hermione looking disappointed in him. No. It doesn't matter. I can't just let someone suffer without doing everything I can to help them. If I'm supposed to be some kind of prophesied hero, I'd better start acting like it. Breaking into a run, Harry closed the distance between himself and the house. He tried to move without being seen, but wasn't sure how well he was doing at that. Guess I'll know I failed if curses start coming my way. Harry quickly made his way around the house looking for a way in. When he got to the back he found a patio with vine covered trellises over it. The glass sliding door that led into the house had been shattered. Harry could hear indistinct voices coming from further inside the house and carefully made his way inside. Following the voices he came to the living room where he saw three large blokes wearing ski masks standing around a downed man through the ajar door. "Look, you geezer, if you just tell us where you keep your valuables we'll not break your other leg, yeah?" Wait. I know that voice. What the hell are Dudley and his lot doing here? More importantly: how do I get them to leave? If I can't use magic my best option is to overwhelm them. At least there's another door out of that room; I don't think I'd like to take my chances while they think they're cornered. Looking around the room he was in Harry spotted what looked like a brass bust of about eight inches tall. At least that'll do as a back-up plan. "Last chance." Harry quickly grabbed the bust and took a deep breath before barging through the door into the living room. "In here! I've found them! They're in here!" he called out over his shoulder. Dudley and his gang jerked around in surprise. Harry could see the way Dudley's piggy, blue eyes widened in recognition behind his mask before his cousin took a threatening step forward. Desperately Harry swung the bust at his cousin who managed to avoid most of the blow. The bust was heavy enough that even a glancing blow knocked him on his arse though, much to Harry's relief. When he tried to get up Dudley was clearly woozy from the blow. "Shit. C'mon, Big D. We need to get out of here!" one of the other two called out, sounding panicked that Dudley wasn't going to be at full fighting strength. Dudley's mates hauled him up and helped him stagger out of the room in a hurry. Harry didn't relax until he heard the front door slamming and then he knelt down next to the man on the floor. He looked old enough to be someone's grandfather and his face was twisted in an expression of pain. "Sir? If you'll tell me where your phone is I'll ring 999 for you." Harry tried to keep his voice calm as he spoke to the man, not wanting to scare him. "It's on the table in the hall." the old man gritted out. Harry rushed out of the room and soon found a handheld phone resting in its cradle in the hall. Harry picked it up and dialled as he made his way back into the room. "Hello, emergency service operator, which service do you require?" a calm female voice sounded through the horn as Harry reached the old man again. "We need an ambulance and maybe the police." "I'll connect you now." There was a dial tone for a brief moment before a click resulted in an equally calm male voice. "Ambulance service, what's the address of your emergency?" "Um, I'm not sure. Hang on, I'll just ask him." Harry pulled the phone away from his ear for a moment. "Sir, can you tell me your address?" "30 Abbots Drive in Virginia Water." Harry repeated the address for the man on the other end of the line. "Can you tell me exactly what happened, sir?" "Um, I heard screaming while I was taking a walk and I found this house broken into. The sliding door at the back has been shattered. When I got in here there were three blokes threatening to break this man's other leg. I managed to chase them off by pretending to have more people with me, but the man they hurt is still lying here on the ground." "How old is the gentleman with you?" Harry once again relayed the question to the old man next to him. "Sixty-seven." "Thank you. Help is on its way, but please stay on the phone. I want to ask you a few more questions." "Alright." Harry pulled the phone away from his ear again. "Help is on its way, sir. Just hold on a little while longer." The man gave a terse nod to show his understanding, but Harry didn't like how pale he looked. Harry put the phone back to his ear and tried to answer the operator's questions as best he could. He thought he was doing fairly well until the operator asked one that had him doubting himself. "Could you identify any of the assailants?" What do I do? If I identify Dudley I'll be kicked out of the house. I may not like that Dumbledore hid all that important information from me for so long, but that shouldn't make me eager to give up on the protections I do have at this point. Especially considering I am apparently the only one who can stop that monster. So it comes down to a question of do I lie to protect Dudley and so