AN: This little one-shot came to me after a discussion with a reviewer who was of the opinion that Severus Snape is a decent bloke who's gotten a bad rap. I tried to find some evidence of this in the books and checked out the points the reviewer raised and I came across a rather curious inconsistency. In the fourth book we learn that when Snape came to Hogwarts he knew "more curses than most of the seventh years" and that he was "famous" for his fascination with the Dark Arts. Since Sirius says that we can take it with a pinch of salt, but that still leaves: Snape knew curses by the time he came to Hogwarts. In Harry's fifth year he sees a memory of Snape's father yelling at his cowering mother (presumably at least) while Snape himself cries in a corner. In Harry's sixth year we learn that Snape's father was a muggle. This means that he must have learnt about those curses and the Dark Arts from his pureblood mother. In the seventh book we are shown that Snape has felt disdain for muggles since his youth. It is unlikely that his father taught him that attitude. If his father was abusive then Snape would be likely to view him with fear and if we follow Plutchik's Theory of Emotions (made easily and impressively visual through the Plutchik-wheel) then we can see that fear is almost as far removed from disgust as it can be (and it is a little hard to feel superior to someone who can make you piss yourself in fear). The two feelings don't match in other words. Of course, I'm no psychologist, but something isn't quite adding up here. How is it that the Dark, pureblood witch is shown as the abused spouse, while her son's personality is what we would expect from a Dark pureblood? If Tobias Snape was really that dominant, then where are these ideas of 'muggles are inferior beasts' coming from? I've got an answer to that question. Warning This story contains severe spousal abuse including references to sexual abuse and torture. Disclaimer Harry Potter and all associated characters, locations and what not belong to J.K. Rowling and whoever she sells the rights to. I have borrowed these characters, locations and what not in order to mess around with them. In some cases I have lifted a piece of dialogue or scene directly from the books as a touchstone. I do not own anything except the plot and I am not making any money from this endeavor. This applies to the whole story. Forgive me, Lord, for what I am about to do. I know that I will be damned to Hell for this, but Hell cannot be worse than where I am now. Tobias Snape sat in one of the last pews of St. Matthew's Church in Cokeworth. He had been raised in the Anglican faith as everyone in his family had. Everyone except my wife and son. Fifteen years ago Tobias had met the woman who would become his wife. Eileen Prince had been a beautiful girl when he had first seen her in a pub in Leicester. Tobias and some of the other young men from the factory had made the trip down to the big city as a treat to themselves after the union had forced the bosses to give them a raise. Even in those days Tobias wasn't considered a catch. He wasn't the best looking of his mates, nor was he charming, intelligent, wealthy, graceful or particularly gifted in any other attribute that might make him attractive to the fairer sex. Predictably his mates had quickly abandoned him for some local girls. Tobias hadn't even blamed them; if he had been offered a similar chance he would have leapt at it too. He had simply leant against the bar, nursing his pint and watching the others dance. Then she came. Raven-black hair and eyes that were such a deep blue colour that he would later swear that they had been purple. Her face was aristocratic and her body slender. She moved like a willow branch in the wind and the air around her was alive with the scent of lilacs. How I've learnt to despise that fragrance. "Will you dance with me?" Her voice had been slightly deeper than he had expected, but smooth and melodic. Tobias' heart had been lost then and there. After checking to make sure that she wasn't just asking the bloke next to him he had accepted the invitation in stunned disbelief. The girl had led him out onto the dancefloor with a secret smile and Tobias had done his best to keep up with her graceful movements. He did not know how long he had danced in a lilac dream, but he did know that when he had booked them a room for the night the other factory workers had been throwing jealous looks his way. What followed had been one of the best nights of Tobias' life. The next morning the girl was nowhere to be found. Tobias had made his way back to Cokeworth in a daze. In the weeks that followed the mysterious girl from Leicester dominated his thoughts. His shiftmates had given him a right good ribbing about it for a while, but when his only reaction turned out to be a distant smile, they had tired of the sport. For three months Tobias had nothing but memories of the most entrancing woman he had ever met. That changed on a windy night when he heard a loud knock on the door of his small redbrick house in Spinner's End. Tired from a long day on the line, Tobias had opened the door with every intention of sending the inconsiderate berk that was calling at this hour on his way. To his surprise he found the girl from Leicester instead. "May I come in?" she asked timidly. Tobias had shaken himself from his stupor with difficulty and shown her into the house. He sat her down at the table in his modest kitchen and made her a cup of tea to warm her from the storm outside. "What are you doing here?" he had asked at last, still marveling at his luck. Tobias had watched in fascination as she drew a delicate length of wood from her sleeve. When the woman he had dreamed of since meeting her spoke again she had put paid to Tobias' sense of wonder and looking back it should have told him what his life would be turning into. " Crucio ." Tobias' world had exploded in pain. He had been sure he would die and years later he wished he had. When the pain faded to a searing ache he had found himself lying on his floor, trembling like mad. There was spittle running down his chin and he had apparently wet himself if the acrid stench of the puddle he was lying in was anything to go by. "You will not speak to me like that, muggle." a voice had hissed above him. "M-muggle?" Tobias had managed through chattering teeth. "Yes, you filthy creature, you're a muggle. Barely above a beast and born without magic. That I have allowed you in my presence is more of an honor than you deserve and more of a punishment than I deserve. Despite that, you are so crass as to make demands of one who is clearly superior to you." "If you're so superior, why'd you sleep with me?" Tobias gritted out. I've stood on a picket line while the bobbies were rushing us; like hell I'll roll over for someone who claims to be a witch . "Because Bellinda Blishwick tricked me! That miserable cow gave me a fake ritual which she claimed would change me permanently to match the glamour I was wearing at the time." "Glamour?" Between the pain and the strange words, Tobias wasn't sure what she was telling him. Eileen waved her stick- wand at herself in response and Tobias half expected her to start screaming like he had, but instead her appearance changed. The beauty that had haunted his dreams for the past three months ran off of her face like melting wax and he was left facing a sallow-faced, straight-nosed woman with maliciously glinting eyes so dark they were almost black. Her hair turned raggedy and hung limply past her almost birdlike face. If it wasn't for the scent of lilacs that still hung around her, Tobias wouldn't have recognised a single feature. "For years that bitch made fun of my looks, jealous of my talent in Potions. I should have known better, but I believed her when she told me about the ritual she had supposedly used to gain her looks. Perform it while wearing a glamour and then consummate it with a muggle to prevent magical interference that makes you look like a hag." "Didn't work then." Tobias grunted out, determined not to surrender; it was a mistake. " Crucio ." Once again he was writhing and screaming on his kitchen floor. When the curse was lifted this time, Tobias couldn't stop the whimpers that were slipping out from between his lips. He felt the sharp toe of a boot in his cheek turning his head and he could just about see Eileen standing over him through eyes that were refusing to focus. "It didn't do what Bellinda said it would, but I can only wish that it hadn't worked. It turns out that she gave me a fertility ritual. I am now carrying your spawn. My family has thrown me out for rutting with an animal so it will be up to you care for myself and the mongrel you saddled me with." The toe of the boot left Tobias' cheek and was driven hard into his ribs. Air rushed out of his lungs and his body flinched back, rolling him further into the filth on his floor. "We will be wed and then you will dedicate your life to me, like a decent pet should." The last thing that Tobias heard before his battered body gave up its grip on consciousness was the sound of high-heeled boots leaving his kitchen and heading up his stairs. The next morning I could barely move. It's a miracle that I wasn't fired. Today I'll repay that debt. Severus is still my son; my responsibility. The man who had covered for Tobias all those years ago was still working at the factory, though he had been promoted to foreman now. He and Tobias had never really been friends, but they respected each other the way any two men who had shared a picket line would. Today our shifts finally match. I'll speak to Foreman Evans and then I'll finally be able to escape from this hellhole. Tobias raised his eyes and nodded one last time at the image of his god before standing up and walking out the door. Outside he jammed his cap on his head, checked that the package he had been carrying with him for weeks in anticipation of this moment was tucked safely inside of his overalls and turned his steps towards the factory. He put in a full and hard day's work despite having no intentions of ever returning to this job. As his shift ended and he punched his time-card, Tobias took his chance. "Excuse me? Mr. Evans? I was hoping I might have a moment of your time." Tobias stood with his cap in his hand and endured the piercing look his superior raked him with. To think that I once believed his eyes to be the closest thing to sorcery I would ever see. "What is it you want, Snape?" "I- I need to talk to you about our children. I believe my son attends the same school as your daughter and there is something that I need to discuss with you