AN: This one-shot is at the request of a reader. They sent me the following idea in a PM conversation: Ok, so the premise for this fic is a comedic/lighthearted one. Basically, it's Ron and Hermione's wedding day, but Ron makes a mistake and Harry ends up marrying her instead. The mistake Ron makes can be anything, maybe he says a vow wrong or accidentally makes an oath, anything like that. The characters try to fix it but it can't be helped. Harry and Hermione then go through and enjoy their sudden wedding. And that's the whole fic. Sound alright? Sort of. I think that those of you who've read some of my other work will have twigged to the fact that I don't really do weddings. Still you can't grow if you don't step outside your comfort zone every now and then so I took a swing at it. I took some inspiration from Cyrano de Bergerac and probably went a little darker than they meant, but this is what came rolling out. In all honesty, I failed at making this 'lighthearted'; miserably. If you like Ron Weasley you might want to look away. Warning Harmony pairing, violence and cursing. That's it. I almost feel let down with how little there is to warn you about in this fic. Disclaimer Harry Potter and all associated characters, locations and what not belong to J.K. Rowling and whoever she sells the rights to. I have borrowed these characters, locations and what not in order to mess around with them. In some cases I have lifted a piece of dialogue or scene directly from the books as a touchstone. I do not own anything except the plot and I am not making any money from this endeavor. This applies to the whole story. Where do they get off giving me extra work?! I bloody well got rid of You Know Who! Lost in his chuntering thoughts Auror Trainee Ron Weasley made his way back to his dorm room after the instructors had made him stay behind after class to practice restraining spells. They have no bloody respect for a War Hero. What did they do during the war? Nothing! He stormed into his room in a foul mood to see his roommate starting where he was sitting at the desk writing something. "Ron? Is something wrong?" Harry asked looking concerned for his best mate. "Just a bit frustrated by the instructors." Ron gusted out. "What did they keep you back for this time?" "Restraining practice. Bunch of gits." Ron had walked over to the desk while he spoke and looked at the piece of parchment Harry had been writing on. My dearest love… ? He's writing a bloody love letter! Harry had seen where Ron was looking flipped the parchment over. "Who're you writing to?" Ron asked with a grin. Bet it's Ginny. "No one. It's just a way to blow off some steam." "Really? Then why is it addressed to 'my dearest love'?" Harry looked conflicted for a moment. "I'm writing to the perfect girl. It's not something I was actually planning on posting." "The perfect girl? Harry, mate, there's no such bird." Harry just shrugged uncomfortably. "Well, whatever. If that's what gets you through the day, have at it." "Have you written Hermione recently?" Harry asked. Changing the subject? No problem. I'll just figure out what you were really doing later. "Nah. You know I'm not much good at writing. Besides what's there to write about? She's at school, we're at school… it's boring." Harry and Ron had taken Minister Shacklebolt up on his offer to let them into the Auror Academy without their N.E.W.T.s while Hermione had chosen to go back to Hogwarts for a year to properly sit her exams. Daft bird. Why would you do that when no one cares anymore? They had only been at their respective schools for a month and so far Hermione's letters had been the only contact between Ron and his girlfriend. "You should give it a try anyway, mate. You never know if she'll forget you if you don't." "Herms? Even if she ever forgot anything I'm pretty sure I've got this locked up." Seriously, who else could compare to Ron Weasley, War Hero? "Your call I suppose." Harry said with a shrug. Ron flopped back on his bed as he watched Harry flip the parchment back over and continue writing. When he finally put his quill down Ron saw him give the letter a final read through before he crumpled it up and tossed it in the bin next to the desk. Standing up and stretching Harry looked over at where Ron was lying on the bed. "Come on, mate. Time to get some dinner." "Right you are!" Ron jumped off of the bed and joined his mate in heading down to the Mess Hall. That night while Harry was in the bathroom brushing his teeth Ron cast a Silencing Charm around his bed and an Alarm Charm on himself. He went to sleep with a grin on his face. At two in the morning Ron's Alarm Charm woke him again. He carefully checked to make sure that Harry was still sleeping. Seeing the regular rise and fall of his mate's chest Ron slipped out of bed and snuck over to the bin with Harry's letter in it. Thought you could hide this from me? You should know better, Harry; we're training to be investigators. He fished it out and lit his wand to read it. Definitely a love letter. He's signed it 'Ever yours' without his name. How sad is that? Who knew Harry was such a woman? As he kept reading inspiration suddenly struck Ron. He quickly cast a charm that he had perfected at school to smooth out a crumpled parchment. Grabbing an envelope from the desk he addressed it to Hermione and slipped the letter inside. This is perfect. Hermione gets the kind of sappy letter that wins me major points. Harry won't miss his letter since the Vanishing Charm on the bin activates at 3 A.M. and if he keeps writing these things I'll be able to keep sending them. Who said being in a relationship was hard? Ron made his way over to his bed and slipped the letter in his nightstand's drawer. I'll post that thing tomorrow. With a smile on his face Ron went back to sleep. :-:-:-:-: Harry was sitting at the kitchen table in Grimmauld Place, nursing a cup of tea. He was trying his desperate best to think of anything besides what Ron was doing today and as a result it was the only thing he could think of. Harry knew that Ron was taking Hermione out for a 'memorable day' and was planning to propose to her at the end of it. Harry knew that the day would be memorable for Hermione; he had basically organised it. With a sigh Harry drained his cup and refilled it. It's too bad that it's not even one in the afternoon yet; I could really use something stronger. Harry had figured out that he loved his best friend years ago when they were on the hunt for Riddle's horcruxes. The realisation had come to him gradually, but surely. It had hurt when he had seen her kiss Ron after the final battle, but that hadn't been what had made him give up hope of ever having a relationship with Hermione; that had come the Christmas of his and Ron's first year at the Academy. Harry, Hermione and Ron had met up in The Three Broomsticks for Christmas drinks. Harry had been writing Hermione letters for months by then; letters that he never posted and always threw away. Hermione might not have been able to read them but they had clarified for Harry that living without her would be living a half life as surely as if he started drinking unicorn blood. He had been determined that he would tell Hermione about his feelings that Christmas. Even if she turned him down he would at least be able to live without regrets. After a slew of Butterbeers and Firewhisky shots Ron had slurred something about going to the toilet. Harry had realised that this had been his one chance and had broached the topic. "Hermione? What do you think about your relationship with Ron?" To this day he still remembered the way Hermione lit up at that question. "Oh, Harry, I never dreamed that it could be so wonderful. He doesn't really show it in public but there's such a depth of emotion in him and I don't think that there's anyone who knows me better." Harry had never seen his best friend so completely and utterly happy. It was at that moment that he had made a vow to himself. He would lock his love for her away in the depths of his soul, never to see the light of day. If Ron was able to make Hermione this happy, then Harry would do anything and everything in his power to keep that smile on her face even if it shattered his heart to do so. It would have been selfish to throw my own feelings at her after that. "Why did you ask?" Harry had plastered a smile on his face to hide the pain in his chest. "It's not something blokes really talk about, Hermione, but I can't help but be a little curious about my two best friends." Hermione had smiled that beatific smile at him again and Harry had almost wept at knowing that he would never feel it's full warmth in his life. Ever since that day Harry had fulfilled his vow as best he could. He had bought Ron's presents for Hermione's birthday when he forgot like he did every year, had organised half their dates including today and had always done his best to mend their inevitable arguments. Every time he wondered whether he shouldn't just let Ron drown in his own mess he would remember that smile and cave. He had continued to write his letters to Hermione and still threw them in the bin where they were Vanished. Harry was roughly drawn from his thoughts by the floo flaring green. "Potter! Where's Weasley?" barked the voice of Gawain Robbards. "He's late reporting for duty." Oh, for fuck's sake. Don't tell me he forgot to ask for leave. "I'm not sure, boss. I can take his shift though." Keeping busy might just be the only way I'm going to make it through the rest of today. Robbards shot Harry a piercing look. "You can't just keep covering for him, Potter." "I'm not covering for him ." Robbards' look turned entirely too knowing. "Fine. Get changed and get here ASAP. I don't like being short-handed." "On it, boss!" The fire died down and Harry hurried upstairs to get changed. He flooed into the office only minutes later, wearing his uniform, and headed to his desk with a nod at Robbards. Might as well get some paperwork done until something comes up. The shift was as about as boring as they got until a singed looking auror staggered into the bullpen. "Azkaban… riot…" was all he managed to get out before he collapsed right there on the floor. There was complete silence in the auror headquarters for a split second before chaos broke out as the aurors began running for the portkeys to get out to the prison and make sure that the most despicable wizards in the country didn't get free to terrorise innocent citizens. :-:-:-:-: Harry lowered himself to the couch with one hand pressed to his ribs and a pained groan. The riot at Azkaban had apparently started when a guard had gotten carelessly close to a cell which had allowed Yaxley to grab his wand. The guard had been hit with an AK before he could defend himself or raise the