Been a while since I had the desire to write anything, but I'm coming back to one of my original fandoms and wanted to write about some chracters I adore very much...and the next generation! XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Brown eyes fluttered open, stirred to waking by the mixture of the sunlight streaming through the eastern window of the bedroom as well as the sound of someone rapping their knuckles on the door. Roxanne Weasley sat up quickly as her mother's voice called through the still closed door, the realization of the importance of the day crashing over her like a wave. Immediately, she kicked the blankets off of her legs and sat up. "I'm up, mum!" she called excitedly as she stripped off her pajamas and tossed them into the clothes hamper near her dresser before grabbing the outfit off the chair that she'd planned out the previous night. Today was an important day in her life...she would be boarding the scarlet train at King's Cross and heading to her first year at Hogwarts with her brother, Fred. Speaking of Fred, who had no sense of propriety and respect of personal space, he came flying into her room without so much as a knock, the door slamming loudly against the wall as it announced his entrance. Thankful that she had finished dressing before he arrived, she gave him an excited look over her shoulder as she completed pulling her second sock on. He had obviously just awoken as well, his wirey reddish brown curls sticking out every which way. There was an unmistakable twinkle in his eyes, a lighter brown than her own which gave him a look more closer to their father than her, and he sat on the edge of her bed with a grin that also looked very much like George Weasley's. "You ready for this, sis?" he said, his voice was practically quivering with excitement, "All those stories mum and dad told us...I hope our first year is just as exciting! I have a whole bag of Puking Pastilles in my trunk and dad even slipped me a few Canary Creams when mom wasn't looking!" Roxanne couldn't help but grin right back at her twin, his eagerness was contagious and she was already about ready to fly out the door from her own store of the emotion. So she sort of did, grabbing her brother by the wrist as she passed to drag him along with her on her way to the kitchen. The two of them stumbled on the final three steps and ended up slamming into the wall at the bottom, bursting into giggles at the sound of their mother letting out a small scream from the kitchen. There was the unmistakable sound of a hand smacking a shoulder and Angelina's voice saying : "George, your kids are destroying this house!" "They're your kids too, Ang!" George defended himself with a laugh as the two kids in question entered the kitchen to slide into their spots at the table. Their dad gave them a crroked smile and shook his head in an exhasperated way at the same time. "You two in a hurry or something?" "Dad, don't tell me you forgot what today is?!" Fred looked at his father in horror. Roxanne rolled her eyes and kicked his leg under the table. "Of course he didn't," she said, confidently. Angelina joined them at the table, flicking her wand almost thoughtlessly which caused four plates containing fresh made bacon and eggs to settle in front of each of them. She waved it again and a paper flew into her hand from it's original spot on the windowsill, she read it quickly and then handed it to George to examine. "There's the list we'll need to check off in Diagon Alley," she said calmly, but Roxanne thought she saw her mother's hand shaking a bit as she lifted her forkful of eggs to her mouth. Breakfast passed with what felt like a snail's pace to the twins and Roxanne thought maybe their parents were dragging it out on purpose although she couldn't exactly figure out why! It was infuriating! "Alright, you two, are your trunks packed and ready to go?" George finally asked, standing and waving the dirty dishes into the sink, no wand or incantation needed. Angelina had always appreciated his natural skill with Charms as they were excellent skills to have around the house. "Fred, your shirt's inside out. Roxanne, did you brush your teeth this morning?" With a laugh, the twins stood, and raced back up to their rooms where Fred fixed his shirt and Roxane fixed her wild mass of dark brown curls after brushing her teeth. She gazed at her reflection for a long moment. Her skin was dark chocolate brown, just like her mother, and her hair was dark and thick and untameable and piled on her head like a lion's mane, dark brown eyes stared out from under a few loose curls on her forehead and she blinked thoughtfully. She was a Weasley...but Fred had gotten more of their father's looks, his skin lighter and his hair sporting a reddish tinge to the brown, the curls less tight and springy, his eyes lighter and more playful. She could barely see any of her father in herself and she had always wished she could because the Weasley name was well known at Hogwarts, but she looked nothing like one of them. She sighed and straightened her blouse before turning from the mirror and telling herself there was absolutely NOTHING wrong with looking like a Johnson. After all, hadn't her mother been Captain of the Quidditch team and an amazingly talented Chaser in her years at Hogwarts? Heartened by this thought, she made her way to the stairway and trotted down them to the kitchen where her family were all waiting for her. Angelina herded them out while George enchanted the trunks to follow them outside and into the back of the car that grandpa Arthur had helped magically extend. "To London!" Fred yelled excitedly from the backseat and Roxanne whooped loudly as they set off towards the city to visit the shops in Diagon Alley to prepar for their first year. The twins had been to the alleyway full of shops many, many times to spend time with their father at work in the joke shop and they loved every minute of it. Uncle Ron often bought them ice cream from down the street and their dad would slip them items off the shelves at Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes to pester their mother with and if Angelina was with them she would take them to the pet shop to play with the animals. Diagon Alley was definitely high on the list of places Roxanne and Fred loved. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx Several hours later the small family of Weasleys were standing between the platforms of 9 and 10 at King's Cross Station, Roxanne's hands were twisting on her baggage cart nervously as she face the seemingly solid wall she had just been told to run into by her father, Fred was behind her with his own cart making annoyed sounds through his nose. "Come ON, Roxy!" he whined finally, bumping into her calves with his cart, "We'll miss the train at this rate. Just GO!" Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes and prepared herself to run on her mother's signal. When the coast was clear and Angelina said "Ok, now!" Roxanne forced her feet to move, propelling her right towards the wall. The cat she had chosen inthe pet shop let out a frightened yowl that almost made her lose her nerve, but then she realized the sounds around her had changed and there as a strong smell of soot in the air. She peeked through her squinted eyes and then popped them open wide, she had made it...and it was wonderful! The Hogwarts Express was waiting on the tracks with all manner of people winding around eachother on the platform, excited children dragging their luggage to the porter who was waving trunks and bags into the baggage car with his wand, owls hooted from cages and cats meowed from carriers, a few students even had Pygmy Puffs on their shoulders, straight from her father's shop. Emboldened, she moved foreward a ways and turned to give her family a bright smile when they appeared through the bricks behind her. She and Fred dragged their trunks over to the porter and carried their robes and their new pets back with them to where their parents stood, both of them looking unusually stiff as they stood close with their hands clasped tight between them. Angelina's eyes were brimming with unshed tears and George kepts swallowing as though there was something caught deep in his throat. As they approached, George released his hold on their mother's hand and pulled Fred aside to speak with him privately about something and Roxanne stared after them for a moment before she found her mother's hand resting on her shoulders and she looked up to see her gazing down with pride shining bright in her eyes. "Remember, Roxy...no matter what the years at Hogwarts may throw at you, friends and family are the most important things you have. Study hard, focus on what you want and you and Freddie be sure to have eachother's backs at all times. Understand?" Roxanne did understand. Her brother and her had a bond that ran deeper than normal siblings, a bond she knew her father understood and had no reason to remind her of...but she heard the meaning behind her mother's words: never take their bond for granted. "Mom?" she ventured to ask, glancing over at her father and brother before speaking in a lower tone, "Do you think the teachers will dislike us because of dad and Uncle Fred's reputations?" Angelina laughed, genuinely and brightly, shaking her head immediately. "Oh, honey, you would be surprised just how much the teachers even admired the two of them. Don't worry about what our generation did...you and Fred can choose any path you want." Roxanne opened her mouth to respond but the final boarding call was raised and a train whistle made speaking impossible over it's sound so she clamped her jaws shut, containing her fears and doubts behind her teeth as her father and brother returned; Fred was slutching something close to his thigh that she thought looked like a wand...odd. "Alright, you two," George said, his voice sounded both excited and strained at the same time and he was still doing that weird swallowing thing. He leaned over and pulled his daughter into a tight hug, one that lasted a bit longer than Roxanne thought was normal, and then placed a kiss on top of her head before straightening back up and smiling at both of them. "Be good, but not TOO good. Don't forget to have a little fun along with the work, eh?" Fred's grin was tinged with the promise of having more fun than would probably fall under the "good" catagory and Roxanne nodded in agreement at the advice before the twins turned in unison and stepped up into the scarlet train for the first time. They waited by the nearest window as the train lurched foreward and waved out of it to their parents who were trotting alongside it like a pair of kids, waving and smiling and yelling out promises to write often and send them parcels. Then they were gone, the train had passed by the outside wall of the station and was heading towards the countryside in the distance at a rapid speed already. "Guess we had best choose a compartment then?" Roxanne sighed as she shifted the weight of her new cat in his carier to her other hand. Fred nodded and made off down the hall with a confident strut, leaving his sister to follow if she chose. And she did. The pair of them wandered