Chapter I: Mischief Express A/N: I *know* I shouldn't be starting yet another story, but this Marauder era plot bunny just wouldn't leave me be. I know there are similar stories like this, but I believe I can make it my own. Certain casting choices were influenced by Shayalonnie's most glorious story known as Debt of Time. In regards to Peter, I will be doing my best to make him as three dimensional as possible. Some might even say I am being too kind to him. I'm even giving him a subject that he's better at than all the other Marauders. I am going with the names Charlus and Dorea for Harry's paternal grandparents. Thoughts are in italics. Enjoy and please tell me what you think! SSD "I *knew* I should have packed yesterday! Then again, Jamie always runs late in the morning," Morana Potter thought as she ransacked her room for her school supplies and getting them into her trunk. Every summer, the Potter twins always left things to the last minute. "Miss Morana, Mistress Dorea says to get downstairs with your trunk now," the house elf Mina squeaked. "Yes Mina, thank you. Could go check on my brother and make sure he isn't still sleeping? Dump a bucket of ice cold water on him if he is," she said to the house elf who disapparated, likely to her brother's room. Morana had just placed her black kneazle Puck into his carrying case when she heard a loud yell down the hall and smirked at it. "MORANA! I'll get you for that! Why'd you set the bloody house elf on me," her brother roared. Morana shouted back, "Pick a reason James, I'm sure you can come up with one!" "Both of you, stop shouting and get to packing or you'll miss breakfast," their mother shouted up the stairs. At that, both of them shut up and packed. Breakfast was quick before getting to the Floo. Morana got into the fireplace first with her trunk. Her mother would bring Puck's carrying case. She clearly shouted "Platform 9 3/4!" "I hate travelling by Floo. When travelling for speed over comfort in the wizarding world, travel by Floo," Morana thought ruefully as she clambered out the fireplace at the platform and waited for the rest of her family. A short time later her brother came through, and his hair looked even worse than it usually did. Their parents were close behind. Once they were out on the platform a very familiar voice called out, "Is it possible for you to have grown even more lovely in the two weeks I haven't seen you?" "I'm surprised you even noticed my love. No owls in two weeks, what's a girl to think," Morana replied as she turned around to see Sirius Black, who was effectively another brother to her and a second son to her parents. He'd been visiting his cousin Andromeda for the last two weeks of the summer, now that they'd both been blasted off the Black family tree. Morana flirted with Sirius primarily to drive her brother James up the wall. Sirius felt the same way on the matter, there were no romantic feelings between the two of them. "Will you two knock it off? We haven't even boarded the *train* yet," James groused. The other two Marauders present just exchanged smirks. Sirius turned to the older Potter generation with a smile saying, "Mom, Dad. It's good to see you." "It's good to see you Sirius. How was Andromeda," Dorea asked. "Pretty good. Dora couldn't be more clumsy if she tried, but she's spirited. She was fun to play with," Sirius replied. After all three sixth years put their trunks in the train, Morana came back for Puck. "Try to stay out of trouble. Then again, you Marauders attract more trouble than gold does a niffler," their father said. "We'll be there for the first Quidditch game," their mom said with a smile. The Potter twins had gotten their Quidditch craziness from their mother. The three present Marauders hugged the Potters goodbye before getting on the train for good. They quickly made their way to the compartment that they'd been using since 3rd year. Puck was sleeping somehow in the midst of all the chaos in the hallway on the train. "When Peter comes keep Puck in his case, Morana. Your familiar goes berserk every time he's loose around Peter," James said as they sat down. "It's not my bloody fault that Puck doesn't like Peter," Morana sniped back at her brother before replying, "I'll let him out when I go visit the girls." Morana immediately regretted mentioning that, as James got that goofy look on his face. Heading things off at the pass, she warned, "Leave Evans alone on the train. Do you want her to hit you with the Bat Bogey Hex again?" James ignored his sister and kept that goofy grin on his face. Morana picked up her Advanced Runes book and started to read it. Sirius was about to make a comment when Puck started hissing loudly. Morana looked up from her book and asked, "Hello Peter, how was your summer?" "Not too bad. We went on a trip to Spain. Have you seen Moony," Peter asked as he sat down as far away from Puck as he could. James and Sirius were discussing something excitedly. "Nope. Figured he'd be doing his duties as a prefect before going to see us. How were your OWLs Peter," Morana asked. "Some scores could have been better than others. I'm not too upset. I have five NEWT classes I'm taking," Peter replied. "Which ones?" "Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms, Transfiguration, Care of Magical Creatures, and History of Magic," the smaller boy replied. "You actually want two more years with Binns," Morana rolled her eyes. Peter was the history buff of the Marauders. "Binns may not be the most interesting teacher, but history is still important. It comes in cycles," Peter argued back. "I'm aware of that, I'm just glad that I'm done with Binns. What do you think Kettleburn will be having us do in the first semester," Morana asked. Before Peter could answer, James interrupted with, "Now that we've left the station, we can't let the train ride be completely quiet." As she put her book down Morana asked, "Well, what do you have in mind, little brother?" "It's real simple. If and when it works, we'll get to see the snakes in colors other than green and silver," her brother replied. Both James and Sirius had evil grins on their faces. "I'm always game for pranks on the Slytherins," Morana replied with an identical evil grin to the other three. "This isn't the only thing that's on the menu for train ride, is it," Peter asked. "We'll fill the two of you in on the way, let's go," Sirius grinned. Without further ado, the four Marauders present went off to cause havoc. About two hours, and several spells and hexes later, the prank had been set up. The hexes had been thrown between themselves and the older Slytherins. Once they were safely ensconced back in their compartment, James, Morana, Sirius, and Peter were all snickering. "I can't wait to see the looking on Snivellus's face," James cackled. Puck began to make noise in his carrying case. Morana got up to leave. "I'll be going to go see the girls. Puck needs to stretch his legs." "Give Evans my love," her twin shouted. Morana rolled her eyes. Lily Evans, even after 5 years of James making an absolute fool of himself, still hated his guts. Puck calmed down the moment they left the compartment. "I cannon figure out why Puck doesn't like Peter," Morana thought as she weaved through the corridor. A short time later, her kneazle promptly started meowing. She noticed that his tail was sticking up. "Who do you smell, boy," Morana cooed. "I think he's smelled me," a familiar voice replied. Morana couldn't help but smile saying, "Hello Remus..." before trailing off as she looked at him for the first time since leaving King's Cross. Remus it seemed, had hit a major growth spurt over the summer. He was likely taller than James and Sirius now. And while he was still lean, he looked like he'd gotten some extra muscle as well. She blurted, "Merlin, Remus. What did you eat this summer?" "Nothing much," Remus's face went a little pink. "Well, whatever it was Moony, it worked," Morana replied before saying, "Well I have to go now. Puck needs to stretch his legs and I can't have him loose around Peter. I'll be with the girls for a while." "See you later then," Remus replied as she went down the hall. "You let her leave," the wolf growled at him. "Yes I did, and don't you start," Remus growled back in his mind. "You know what she is to us," the wolf argued back. "I'm well aware of that. You won't stop reminding me!" Remus snarled. "When will you acknowledge it," The wolf asked. "When the time is right!" Morana saw being the only female Marauder as both a good thing and a bad thing at times. It meant that she was in on every prank and got to spend more time with the best friends she could ever have in this life. While Morana was good with her roommates, boys were easier to be friends with. Also unknown to everyone, she explored the grounds of Hogwarts every full moon as an Animagus. Puck was laying happily in Alice Prewett's lap. Dorcas and Marlene were talking Quidditch. Dorcas was Keeper and Marlene was one of the Chasers for the Gryffindor House team. Morana herself was on the team as well. She was one of the rare female Beaters. Sirius was the other beater for the team. "Did you see the game between the Bats and the Cannons," she asked the other two. Dorcas replied, "The seeker for the Cannons is a joke. The snitch was right next to him and he ignored it." "You should have seen Jamie yelling. Sirius and I were laughing at him," Morana chuckled at the memory. The three of them talked Quidditch for a while, with Alice occasionally asking questions. Puck had just moseyed on over to her when the door to the compartment slammed open. Lily Evans entered, and she looked to be in full temper as she sat down. "How *do* you live with him," the redhead growled. Morana was 99.9% certain that Lily was talking to her. She replied with a grin, "I have to live with James. He's my 10 minutes younger than me twin brother. What did he do this time?" "Jelly-Legs jinxed a Slytherin fifth year. Then he had the nerve to ask me to Hogsmeade again. When will he get it through his abnormally thick skull that I will never go to Hogsmeade or anywhere with him?" "You present a challenge to my baby brother. You don't fall at his feet," Morana said to the irked redhead before asking, "How was your summer?" "My parents were great. My sister not so much. I was happy with my OWLs," Lily replied. "Please. No talking about OWLs. Taking them was bad enough," Alice pled. The conversation went back to Quidditch for a bit before Dorcas asked Alice, "So... how's Frank?" The brown haired girl blushed a bit before replying, "We're good. Visited him for a week. It was fun, but his mother is a bit overbearing." Turning to Morana, Alice asked, "What about you? Are you going to try dating anyone this year?" Morana groaned. She had made several stabs at dating in the past two years. All had ended in disaster due to the chicanery of the other four Marauders. "Well, are you?" "I'd like to try, but I think all the boys that I'd consider dating are too scared now, after what my