Dust fell over the rubble of the battle ground, what used to be a Great Hall. The Battle of Hogwarts had taken its toll on both the school itself and its inhabitants. The injured and the dead filled the now open Hall, making it seem more of a morgue than a school. In the centre of it all – He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named the Boy Who Lived. The two responsible for the beginning and the end of the war. All attention was on them, an eerie silence had fallen over the crowd. The fighting on each side had ceased, all eyes on the two. After witnessing his soldiers fall one by one, Lord Voldemort was furious, and though he wouldn't admit it – scared. The end was nigh, all knew it. A matter of a single spell would end this war now. The Potter boy raised his wand. Glancing around quickly, the Dark Lord saw no faces of his followers left. The majority of them had fallen, the anger of witnessing the death of Bellatrix still lingered. Those who had not fallen had run, abandoned him - traitors . There were only two options left to him – cast the spell and kill the boy, or run. The wards surrounding the castle had been broken, he could simply apparate away, bide his time. But would he ever get another opportunity like this one? The chance to make an example of his power, the chance for all to see the death of the infamous Harry Potter. Though without his horcruxes, he was vulnerable. Even if he killed the boy right now, what would stop the spectators sending their own killing curses back? For once, he wasn't too proud to admit that he wouldn't be able to fight them all off at once. Making a split second decision as he watched the boy opened his mouth to send a curse, LordVoldemort span on the spot and vanished from the battlefield with a satisfying crack. As he opened his eyes and inhaled after the pressure of apparition, Voldemort took in the familiar surroundings of the forest of Albania. He breathed in and out deeply, in an attempt to calm his rage. He wasn't one for such indecencies, but it could not be withheld. As loud as he could, he yelled, " fuck!" and threw the Elder Wand in rage. " Expelli- " Harry's voice broke off as he witnessed the man who had made his life a living hell disappear. No. He could not run. Not now, when it was so close to over. He looked around anxiously, anticipating seeing him appear behind him. The snake-like face he searched for was not there. He did not appear in the crowd, not behind him, not in front. He was gone. No. No, no, no, COWARD. "COWARD!" Yelled Harry. His voice echoed through what was left of the Great Hall. The students, teachers, and families surrounding him murmured amongst themselves, before they slowly approached. The first ones to reach Harry were, of course, Ron and Hermione. Who else? "I... I don't think he's coming back, Harry," Hermione said in a small voice as Harry spun, still looking for any sign of the Dark Lord. "He can't be gone! This needs to end!" Harry yelled. " NO! " "Mate, it is over," Ron encouraged. "For now, at least." Harry knew his friends were right. The crowd seemingly agreed with Ron and Hermione as well; they had huddled, families checking on their relatives, others wandered over to where their loved ones had fallen. "No... no..." his voice trailed off as his vision blurred. The last thing he saw before exhaustion took over were the faces of his best friends. "Urggghhh, get it!" Ron Weasley groggily ordered as his wife's magical alarm clock coo-cooed at 5.30 am sharp. Hermione rolled over and switched it off, and forced herself out of bed before she had a chance to reconsider. Today was the day – her first day working as the Deputy Head in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. It had only been a year since she had been promoted from the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures to Magical Law Enforcement, and yet she had risen in the ranks to second in charge. Admittedly, she had the incompetencies of the previous team to thank for her success – if there hadn't been a complete overhaul of the department after the seven year anniversary of Lord Voldemort's disappearance, she never would have risen so high so soon. Furthermore, it didn't hurt being well connected to the Minister for Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt and the famous Harry Potter. She dressed quickly, choosing her favourite set of maroon dress robes which reminded her of her Gryffindor roots. She hurried as she tamed her bushy hair into a neat bun and applied a thin layer of makeup, giving herself time to enjoy her toast and morning coffee. Hermione loved the small cottage they called home. After getting married a year ago, they found the cottage with the help of Bill and Fleur, not far from where the Lovegoods lived. It reminded her strongly of the Burrow (Ron's mother wouldn't have had it any other way), but smaller. With only a single bedroom, it was perfect for the couple – though not so perfect for if and when they had children. Ron's family wanted them to have children more than Hermione did, and it didn't help that Ron had been growing increasingly fond of the idea. Why they couldn't understand that having children at this point in her life was a career-ender, Hermione didn't know. Trying to explain that to Ron had caused such an argument than it almost stopped them from getting married. Shaking her thoughts away from family, Hermione charmed her dishes to clean themselves, grabbed her things and headed for the fireplace. She was eternally thankful for the Floo connection between their house and the Ministry, something that Harry had arranged for them when they moved in. Tucking her arms in, Hermione stated 'Ministry for Magic', and was engulfed in green flames. She took in a deep breath to calm her nerves as she took a step out of the fireplace onto the hard wooden floors of the Atrium of the Ministry. At only 7 am, the Ministry was bustling. Crowds of robed witches and wizards hurried every which way, owls flew overhead, and in the centre was a newly erected monument to the lives lost during the Battle of Hogwarts. Hermione's heart panged as she stopped and took a moment to look over it. It had taken a long time to grieve the losses of that day, and even longer to stop the nightmares. But no, she would not allow herself to go back to that state of mind. Determinedly, she looked away from the monument and carried on over to the lifts. She got out at the second floor and headed for the east side, through the Investigation department towards the offices. The Investigation department had never been so large. Since Voldemort's disappearance, the department had slowly risen in numbers over the years, and had now become the Ministry's largest department. Though, in the last few months, the turnover of employees had been so high, the department had become a joke in the eyes of the Daily Prophet. The former Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had insisted to replace 80% of staff due to their failure to catch Lord Voldemort, and he had done so. However, once it became clear that the new staff weren't doing any better, the Head had been sacked, only two weeks ago. They hadn't yet announced who Hermione's new boss was to be, leaving herself and Harry (who had become the Head of the Auror Office) in charge. She made her way through the main hall and into the Head's office, where her booth was located. Really, it was more like an office itself, the booth took up about a quarter of the office, and was walled off with half-walls topped with glass windows. She made her way inside, and put her things onto the desk, immediately taking out the picture of her parents and magically attaching it to the wall. Next to that she arranged a photo of herself and Ron, next to one of herself, Harry, and the Weasleys all together. Satisfied, she started unpacking her quills, parchments, and muggle pens (which she found to be far easier to write with). "Hermione!" A booming voice greeted from the booth door. There, in his very impressive colourful robes, stood Kingsley Shacklebolt. "Good to see you! Early on your first day?" "You know me, I wouldn't have it any other way," she replied. "How are you? How's the job treating you?" "Good, good, it has its moments of course, and the Improper Use of Magic office is making me want to throw myself out of a window, but I can't complain," he laughed. "Now, before you get lost in the ocean of work to do, I would like to introduce you to someone, come." Hermione followed Kingsley out of the booth and back into the main office where he gestured towards the desk. Seeing no one there, she frowned. As she was about to question Kingsley, a tall man rose from where he was evidently crouching behind the desk at the drawers. It was surprising that he was able to fit behind it as he was quite tall. "Miss Granger, I presume?" the man asked upon seeing her. Immediately, Hermione noticed that the man was exceedingly attractive. Ridiculously so. He looked like he was her age, and he had short black hair which was combed back, with a fine layer of stubble over what looked like a strong jaw line. His cheek bones were prominent, and he had some of the darkest brown eyes she had ever seen. Even his posture was perfect. "It's Weasley now, but yes," Hermione chimed, blushing lightly. "Oh, my apologies," he said as he made his way around the desk. "Ben Jenkins," he extended a large hand and took hers in greeting, his hand was cool and his grip firm. His eyes didn't leave hers until he released his grip. "Now, it hasn't been officially announced yet, but Ben here has been appointed as the new Head of the Department," Kingsley explained, smiling lightly. "Oh!" Hermione was genuinely surprised. "That's... that's great!" She stammered. In truth, she was a bit disappointed. She had been hoping that Harry would have gotten the promotion, even though his rise to the Head of the Auror Office had been very quick as well. But this Ben? She couldn't remember ever hearing of him. And Hermione made it her job to know people. "I didn't realise the appointment had already been filled! I thought we'd be without a Department Head for weeks!" She said to Kingsley. "Well, we thought that way too. But, when the Scandinavian Ministry forwarded the recommendation to me, I couldn't ignore Ben's outstanding qualifications. Had I known of you before we appointed old Williamson, you would've been given the position then and there!" Kingsley said, before muttering, "Williamson, what a nightmare." "You're much too kind, Minister," said Ben. "So, that's where you're from then?" Hermione inquired. "Yes, from the Stockholm branch. I was part of the Investigation Office there." "'A part'," scoffed Kingsley. "From what I hear you were the Investigation Office." "Well, yes, the office certainly had far fewer Aurors than here. And rightfully so, here is in greater need." Hermione racked her brain. She had heard something in the Prophet about the Stockholm Investigation Office. But what was it... "His office have been the only ones to have found a peep from You-Know-Who in the last two years," Kingsley said, memories of the news came rushing back to Hermione. "How embarrassing, how can a country lose a wizard? And such a notorious wizard at that."