a/n one: so this is a one shot i whipped up for you guys while i work on always and forever, because i lost the latest chapter. i'm going to try and update over the break, so look forward to that! please enjoy! dedicated to my great-uncle, because we'll miss you, even though you're in a better place. april 21st, 2005 The first time Percy meets Annabeth, they are in first grade, and all Percy wants is the tan crayon so he can finish up the drawing of his mother. And he is undeniably, irrevocably upset that she is hogging the tan colored crayon, scribbling away at the thin computer paper. He could use one of the other tan crayons in the classroom, but the deal is, the tan crayon that this blonde-haired girl is using is the only one in the class that hasn't been mixed with other crayon colors by Piper, or snapped in half, and melted down with something by Leo. And all Percy knows is that he wants that tan crayon, and at the moment , he needs that stupid crayon, like a fish needs water . So he marches up to Annabeth, small fists clamped at his sides, and next to her, Piper stares at him, her weird eyes confused and slightly scared. Percy doesn't know whether to feel guilty for making Piper scared, or extremely satisfied, but all his 7 year old mind knows is that he wants that crayon, and Piper's friend with the pretty blonde hair is not about to keep him from it. "Give me the crayon," his voice resonates, squeaky and unsure, because Percy isn't really a bully by nature, and it takes a lot for him to confront Piper's pretty friend. Her grey eyes swivel from her drawing, and up to Percy's where they meet his own green ones, hers blazing and confident. "No. Why should I give this crayon to you? I got it first." Her voice is dangerous, sharp, and Percy doesn't like it, yet he wants to hear her talk more. "Besides, do you even need this crayon?" That snaps Percy from his reverie, and he looks down at her drawing, and at the wooden ruler laying not too far away from her picture, which is all strict lines, and a temple-like building, messily colored in. And Percy gets a sort of competitive rise from that-her picture might look professional, but at least he can color within the lines. "You-you've had it for forever! I want the crayon too!" His plea is childish and so very much kindergarten, but Percy is beyond frustrated at this girl with her curls, and her denim capris, stained with dirt from the playground. And gods , he just wants this stupid crayon so that he can get his mother's card done! She shrugs, a cold and indifferent motion, something that is mature beyond her seven and three quarter years. "So use a different crayon, stupid," she deadpans, and Percy's eyes widen, because she just said a bad word, and he can't even begin to comprehend why she would call him stupid. And he still wants that perfect crayon! Piper is shocked too, and she scoots away from her friend a little, keeping her head down as she colors her bird in. "You just said a bad word!" Percy shrieks, pointing a stubby finger at her, and grey eyes blaze brighter. Annabeth sets down the crayon, her fury deadly cold for a first grader, and she proceeds to throw her ruler at Percy, screaming at him as well. The teacher, Miss Astraea, gasps, tearing herself away from Leo and Jason, as she shoots over to the bickering and crying children, the ruler having knocked out one of Percy's front teeth. He is crying, blood trickling slowly from his mouth and Annabeth is yelling at him for being stupid, and screeching, why didn't he dodge the ruler, and was he so idiotic that he couldn't even process the fact that he had to duck, and oh, oh, he was going to get them both into so much trouble! Percy, however, was crying from shock and pain, screaming at Annabeth that she was a big fat meanie, and look, he was missing a tooth, and why didn't she just let him borrow the crayon, it wasn't as if he wouldn't give it back, but she had it for way too long, but why did she throw her ruler at him? Miss Astraea cast an imposing shadow over the two children, as she lowly told them to explain right now what they had done, and what had gotten into Annabeth, she honestly thought that she had known better than to throw her ruler at people, and she was very, very disappointed in the both of them. And when she finds out that they were fighting over something as frivolous as a tan crayon, the young teacher wants to curl up onto her couch, and watch reruns of Project Runway for the rest of the week. Of course, she couldn't because that would be a sure-fire way to get herself fired. So the teacher crouches on her heels, and speaks to the two agitated students softly, telling them that Annabeth should have let Percy use the crayon, because it wasn't her crayon to begin with, but at the same time, Percy shouldn't have yelled. And neither of them, she adds, her eyes serious, should have resorted to violence. So Miss Astraea sends Percy to Nurse Hygeia and walks Annabeth to Principle Dike, but not before asking Mrs. Isis to watch over the kids, many of them who have begun to gather around the spots of blood left over from where Percy had sat with his tooth knocked out. Oh, she really had to call a janitor soon. While she rushed out with Annabeth following grumpily, Mrs. Isis shoots her a sympathetic look, to which the young teacher replys with a soft, drawn smile. She can deal with these kids, if Principle Dike will help her. ( and in the end, percy had to go to the dentist to get his gums and teeth fixed, annabeth was grounded for two whole months, and both children never really did get to finish their drawings-but they're still hanging in the back of classroom 5A, side by side, incomplete, but perfect within all their first grade glory) april 21st 2009 They meet face-to-face again in sixth grade, and Annabeth thinks that Percy still looks like that kid in first grade that had the sheer gall to try and take that dumb tan crayon from her. But at the same time, he really doesn't. Four years past, and that tooth she knocked out with her wooden ruler (which is sitting in one of her pencil cups on her desk, and annabeth swears that some of his blood is still on it- gross ) is just beginning to grow in beneath the metal wires of his braces. Annabeth has to fight back a laugh because he looks rather stupid, like a fourth grader that never quite grew up. Piper is next to her, choppy chestnut hair braided haphazardly, and thrown carelessly over her shoulder. And Annabeth feels grown up in that moment, with her grey backpack slung over one shoulder, and her gridline sketchbook tight against her pale yellow shirt. But when she looks at Percy, his hair still a mess like in first grade, a ratty messenger bag slung over his shoulder, and his worn jeans torn with holes, she thinks that maybe he looks a little grown up. But when he opens his mouth to speak, Annabeth can see that missing tooth again, and the illusion disappears. From his old bag-Annabeth thinks that she can remember him having it in fourth grade-he brings out a ratty sketchbook, and sets it onto the paint splattered art table, trying to come up with an idea for their group project. Nico Di Angelo, a longtime friend of Percy's is next to the scruffy tween, as they both peruse through sketches that Annabeth is sure are dumb looking and juvenile, because she swears, she's the only person in their grade that can actually draw. She's wrong of course, but Annabeth doesn't quite know that yet. "I think we should do our project based off of the Grecian art period," she announces, finally sitting down in one of the stools, and opening up her lined book, dark with graphite and architectural drawings. Percy looks up from his own messy drawing pad, takes one look at her perfectly neat one, and frowns. Annabeth cannot believe him. She stares back down at her drawings, looking for any errors that might cause him to frown at them, but she can find none. The lines are immaculate, the buildings beautifully timeless. The girl cannot fathom why he is frowning at her perfect work. "Why the Grecian era? Isn't that boring, with all its straight lines, and dumb sculptures?" Percy interjects, his dark brows melding together on his acne-peppered forehead. "Not to say that the Greeks weren't good artists," he barrels on, waving his tanned hands in the air, "but I think we do enough of things like that in the geometry unit in Math." "So? I bet that I'll probably be the only person doing any work anyways! You can't draw, so you don't get to make the decisions!" She's furious, horrified that he would challenge her like this, and tell her that she doesn't know what to do. Because she does know what to do, and doing a Greek-inspired piece will get them the most points, and the highest grade, if he would just listen to her! But he slams his hands onto the table, and it's almost a miracle that Mrs. Dare doesn't look over towards their bickering group. "So? Art is about taking a risk, blondie, not always going the safe way and trying to rack up the most points, or get the highest grade! Enjoy yourself, why don't you!" He's obviously miffed as well, his sea colored eyes fiery and furious as they bore into her own. Annabeth wants to throw a ruler at him again, she wants to throw something at him, so that he'll just shut the fuck up, and let her take control, because he knows nothing, nothing at all about their project. If he'd just let her wear the pants, they'd be able to turn in something wonderful, like a modernized Grecian temple, and the grade they'd get would most definitely be an A. "Just…shut up!" She screeches. There's just something, something about this stupid, stupid boy that always gets on her nerves, constantly grating on her, pushing her temper to the max. "I'll bet my entire third quarter History average that if we did what you want to do, our project would look like a second-rate picture that a kindergartener drew!" She pulls back, letting out a satisfied breath as Percy leans back as well, his brow crinkling. "No, it wouldn't. Have you ever seen me draw before?" He sounds tired and angry, and Annabeth feels satisfied because it means he is giving up. This victory is hers to take. But she'll indulge him a little longer, and let him make a fool out of himself. Beside her, Piper seems to be slightly disappointed in her, but Annabeth can't bring herself to care, because Jesus, she just wants to put this stupid delinquent in his place, and lord it over him when their rag-tag group of four gets the highest score in the class, under her direction. "Actually, I have not. If you can draw something that I think is good, you can lead the group, alright?" Her tone is dripping with condescendence, and apparently, Percy has noticed it. His eyes narrow just a smidge, and he nods his acceptance, opening his ratty sketchbook to a new page, taking up his lead pencil. Light grey lines encompass the page,