A/N: This started out as a PIP one shot for Seven Deadly Sins, and then it turned into this! Let me know what you think :) Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, I would choose pain ~ William Faulkner She runs the tip of her finger down the gap between the shutters and considers opening them and climbing out onto the roof of the portico. Behind her, spread across the bed, her new husband sleeps. He sleeps silently. She thought he would snore, in fact he barely breathes, little shallow breaths like a cat. Katniss can't fill her lungs in this room, either, as if she might inhale a frilly valance or lace doily by accident. She feels like she hasn't exhaled all day so she does so now, a long trembling sigh, expelling every powdery kiss and clammy handclasp from the receiving line. And especially purging the memory of Cato's fingers between the ribbons of her corset, the sharp nail on one of his hands catching and snagging her chemise. Her mother had told her to close her eyes but she hadn't, she looked at the pimple on the side of his red-gold neck as he moved above her, and she thought about pricking it and drawing blood. Perhaps she will sleep on the floor, curled on a blanket, her arms aching with the absence of Prim. It would be less uncomfortable than contorting her body to fit around a man she doesn't want to touch. She is used to layers protecting her from men like Cato, acres of boundaries; petticoats and muslin, forcing a distance that her disinterested eyes don't seem to convey clearly enough. He didn't intend to be refused from the first moment they met when he danced too close and said too much. She had become used to being overlooked, had come to rely on it. She had thought it would last forever. Gale used to smile when she said that, when she said she planned to shun corsetry and stay out in the fields with him riding her father's handsome hunter. She said she would rather fall from the horse and break her neck than get married at sixteen. She said. Now, there will be a week of parties and barbecues from which she can't escape, and, then, the wedding trip. Katniss cannot begin to think of that trip, of how it will be without the familiar presence of her sister, or of Gale, taking a dance with her as he did today and whispering reassurance without leaning too close to her ear. His smell and touch soothed Katniss. Her husband watched, his tongue flicking the mint garnish on his glass idly, his eyes never leaving them. He led the next reel with Clove, his pale gaze still upon Katniss, his upper lip raised in something very like a sneer when she was forced to take the hand of his younger brother who trod relentlessly on her toes. Gale hates Cato, although he has never said so, she knows. Katniss had never imagined getting married. She knew she would have to marry of course, but the actual process; the wedding, had never entered her mind. She thought she had longer, and she thought that it would be Gale; her constant. She wishes she could slip out now, down the heavily polished staircase, the deep pile of the rugs at the bottom swallowing her footsteps. Gale will be awake. He might even be out with his gun, looking for the burn of a deer's eyes in the night. He will want to kill something, tonight. The idea of never hunting with Gale again, never swimming with him in the river when the heat of the day began to press in on all sides, hollows out a part of Katniss' chest and leaves behind an ache. She aches for freedom. Cato stirs. He sits up and his outline shimmers in the grey half-dark. She can't make out his face but she feels him looking at her. "Come back to bed," he says. Katniss swallows the lump in her throat and obeys. She nears the bed and his hand reaches out and closes around her wrist, his rough thumb caresses the thin skin there as he pulls her down beside him. She is glad she can't see his face as his fingers pass across her cheekbone and thread into her hair. Cato leans forwards and presses his lips hard against her neck, releasing her wrist and pulling down the front of her nightgown. He is rough and Katniss is not used to being touched. Her body protests and she tenses, thanking God for the darkness as she screws her eyes shut in mortification as he squeezes her breast. A boy after Sunday school once touched her chest and Katniss punched him in the nose, blood in clots staining his shirt. She cannot fight or refuse her husband. Reluctantly, she holds her hands against his firm chest, imagining that she is pushing him away. Katniss hopes vaguely that he will grow tired of this as he tugs her nightdress over her head and presses her beneath him. It hurts. Distracting herself she imagines the shade of cedars overhead, the pinkish red flesh revealed when Gale swings his axe to chop a log, the way his blade never jars and the ease at which he raises it and lets it fall. He made her bow with that wood. She cannot forget the smell of her first bow burning, the heady incense stinging her eyes as her mother watched from an upstairs window. From then on she kept her bow in the woods where it no doubt remains. Cato grunts and his skin is moist, slick against her own. She thinks of Mrs Calhoun next door and wonders whether her mother-in-law has listened this night, waiting for their union to become official, for there to be no turning back as she picks at her needle work in poor light. Momma doesn't sleep, Cato had said when they came up to bed, waving his hand impatiently when Katniss tiptoed around the room. It is impossible to tell whether this is true or not. Mrs Calhoun perpetuates the image of the indefatigable matron, an aristocratic beauty of Capitol descent who moves in her own small world with a total lack of concern, directing the running of the plantation as if she has always done so. She speaks as though everything is a perfectly placed afterthought, as if it hardly warrants her time to mention it at all, so confident is she in her divine power. Katniss has no concept of menus, of making calls or entertaining guests and she sincerely hopes that Mrs Calhoun will expect little from her besides sitting silently by her mother-in-law during such occasions. There will be time to get away, she tells herself; she will find little escapes. Cato is bored of her. He tugs off his collar and throws it across the room, his lip curls petulantly, the white cravat crumpled in his hand. Katniss looks down at the bouquets on the heavily embroidered sofa. She wishes he would go back down to the saloon and play cards. She cannot think why he takes any heed of what Mrs Mortmain says. Katniss stopped listening the day they arrived at the hotel and remained unmoved when the older woman followed her to the bath house each morning dispensing her wisdom as they sat in the springs. Katniss felt her remaining health and vigor seep away into the water, but it had nothing to do with Mrs Mortmain. Cato is sweating and he smells of whisky. She doesn't tell him to go. Exhausted from the journey she asked him to sleep in the dressing room on their first night and he squeezed her face, his thumb digging into one cheek and his fingertips pressing against her other cheekbone. He squeezed until she began to cry hot angry tears. "That woman is a bitch," Cato says. Katniss stares at her hands folded in her lap. "Why in God's name would she think I care a damn what her husband would do on my plantation?" It is not a question so Katniss doesn't answer. He paces, ripping at his cuffs and dropping them on the floor. Katniss remembers the scarlet flush that crept over her husband's face during the interminable dinner, the oblivious matron talking on and on, barely pausing to swallow her venison, a globule of gravy remaining at the corner of her thin lip. "Does she think me stupid?" "I don't think so," Katniss says. He stops mid stride and turns on her. "You don't think so?" She tries to school defiance from her features but it contorts her brow automatically. "Get up." She stands and Cato places one finger under her chin to tilt her gaze up to his. He kisses her face. Katniss jolts, recoiling from him as she feels the sting of his teeth on her cheek. He clamps a hand to the small of her back and her fingers are shaking as she reaches to push his face away. Katniss tries to stifle a yelp but it escapes her lips as pain travels along her cheekbone. She recalls the nip one of the horses once gave her when she removed its bit, the way she jerked away immediately and struck the animal on the nose. She cannot strike Cato. He is biting her and she is afraid to move in case his jaw closes completely on her flesh. She can fend off a horse but not her husband. Tears burn her eyes and she raises her hands to hold onto his forearms until, finally, he lets go. Slowly, he replaces his collar, cuffs and cravat, and leaves the room. Katniss pretends to be asleep when Cato returns hours later. She holds herself as still as possible, her hands closed into fists beneath her chin. She sleeps little that night, and the next, until Mrs Mortmain declares that the springs seem to be having the opposite effect on the new Mrs Calhoun. The bunk house is insufferably hot, even in the night, and he can taste the sweat on his upper lip. The air is full and heavy enough to touch, the odour is of twenty men pressed together, sour and companionable. For a moment he almost reaches out and presses his fingers to the shoulder of the man to his left hand side. They breathe, pass gas and snore in their sleep and Peeta wonders if he is the only one awake. Fatigue twists in his muscles and presses him into the mat. The indulgence of sleep beckons but a twitch between his eyebrows tugs and persuades him to stare into the dark above his head until it turns grey. It is better here, in some ways, he is clear sighted enough to see the positives of his situation. No longer is he beaten by his mother, humiliated by his brothers, forced to endure the petty indignities he experienced back home. Here, his suffering is real, and it is better for it. The money paid for him has secured his father's business and his father loved him more for his sacrifice. They own his body, but there is so much more that they can't reach, that nothing could prise from him. A noise outside disturbs Peeta and he sits up quickly, trying to make out the position of the gun leant against the wall by the door. He picks his way through the sleeping men and carefully undoes the latch without touching the gun. He has never fired a gun, never intends to. Outside, the air is fresh in comparison and Peeta feels the perspiration cool on the back of his neck. He can hear footsteps. "Hey," he calls. A hand appears and hauls him against the wood boards of the bunk-house. Peeta resists until the face of the plantation's