A/N: Hey guys. This is my first story and my knowledge of the PJO universe is a little rusty, but I ' m a big fan. And I've just recently got into fanfictions. So excuse me if it's a shitty story, but I'll try my best. Chapter 1 As the Athena Parthenos stood on Half-Blood Hill, the battle raged on all around them. Demigods, both Greek and Roman, joining forces to fight against Gaia's forces. They were hopelessly outnumbered, but they were winning the fight. Percy noticed Annabeth, Piper and Reyna working together as a unit, hacking and slashing everything in their path. Jason used the wind to do his bidding and summoned lightning after lightning. To his left, Frank turned to a rhino with Leo riding on his back, shooting flames out of his hands, burning the enemy. At the corner of his eye, Percy saw Nico and Hazel using the forces of the dead to help them, pushing the enemy lines back. Everything was going great and it looked like they were going to take the win. Alas, it was never that easy. The ground rumbled, the epicenter located among the army of monsters. From the ground, Gaia rose like a drill. The earth twisted around and formed a twenty-foot tall hooded figure wearing a brown robe. I'm awake , Gaia muttered, but her voice seemed to resonate from below them rather than from the figure. Percy found himself standing next to Jason. "There's Queen Dirt Face," Jason muttered. "Any ideas?" "I'm gassed out," Percy admitted. "Got any more lightning bolts up your sleeve?" "I can squeeze out one more," Jason said. "Then I might pass out," "Then I have a plan," Percy said. Jason looked at him before grinning and nodded. "Nice knowing you, Jackson," "Don't be sentimental now," Percy smirked. He ran towards Gaia, slashing and hacking enemy lines, making a straight line towards the primordial. You're attempts are futile, Gaia said. I will see your land be destroyed! Percy let out an ungodly scream as the ground beneath her erupted into a massive geyser. The geyser was massive enough to lift her off the ground. Percy took the current up towards where Gaia was floating. Gah! I will- Gaia sputtered. Kill you! "Shut up!" Percy landed on the primordial's torso. He stabbed his sword onto her body and ran it all the way up to her face. Behind him, Jason landed and stabbed her on the neck. The primordial howled in pain. "Jason, you have to strike her with lightning now." "But you'll need to leave, or you'll be vaporized to bits," "Just do it! I have to hold her here. I'll be fine." Percy insisted. He knew what was going to happen. "But-" "Do it now Grace!" Percy shouted. Gaia tried to reach for him, but he sliced her hand out of the way. The geyser was getting weaker, but he knew he had to hold on. Reluctantly, Jason flew away and let loose his final and most powerful lightning bolt ever. The flash blinded everyone momentarily, but it vaporized everyone withtin five meters of the blast zone. After being blinded momentarily, their visions returned. When the dust cleared, nothing was left. The enemy realizes their defeat and retreated. Where Percy and Gaia had been, was nothing left but a huge crater. Annabeth and the other demigods went towards the scene, only to find Jason passed out near the crater and Percy nowhere to be seen. "Where's Percy?" Annabeth asked. As she leaned towards the crater, a figure flew out at blinding speed. Nothing was seen of it except a blurry shadow with what looks like to be wings. Everyone stared at it. As the figure flew, it let out a trail of white dust that resembled snow a lot. Everyone watched it, breathed it in and then looked around in confusion. "What was that?" Nico asked. Then, everyone noticed that they had no idea how they got there. "Um, what happened?" Piper asked. "What's going on here and what's that huge crater?" "Why do I feel so tired?" Nico wheezed as he collapsed. It appears that no one remembered what had happened, why it happened and how it happened. Moreover, no one remembered the individual known as Percy Jackson. Line Break No one knew what happened after that blinding light engulfed them. As the demigods from the previous quest gathered at the porch of the Big House, the others tried as best as they could to pick themselves up. They recalled everything that had happened. Hera's crazy plan to switch the leaders between the two camps, Roman and Greek, then the ungodly quest to travel to Ancient Greece to fight the giants along with the Gods of Olympus and their tiring fight with Gaia. But after that, everything seemed like a blur. And they felt like they had forgotten something. "So, it all worked out in the end huh," Jason sighed. "Yeah," Hazel said, picking up a gold bar and feeding it to Arion. "But, something feels weird," The others nodded in agreement. No one remembered Gaia's defeat and how she was defeated. But it didn't feel like she retreated. It was more like the feel that she was really gone. "Well, we won anyway," Leo stretched his arms. "And that deserves a hot bath." They laughed and enjoyed their victory. Little do they know . . . Line Break As Annabeth went back to her beloved bunk in the Athena's Cabin after a month away from it, she felt right at home. She crashed herself onto her bed, but not before noticing something on her nightstand. It was a picture of her and someone she didn't recognize. The man had jet black hair and sea green eyes, which she found strangely attractive. In the picture, both of them were wearing the orange camp shirt and took a picture right next to the canoe lake, but Annabeth had no memory of him. She felt like she should know him, but her brain just won't remember him. Reluctantly, she set it back on her nightstand and went to sleep. She was just a few seconds away from drifting into sleep before a voice whispered into her ear, "I'm sorry," Annabeth fell asleep afterwards, convinced it was just a dream. A year later . . . The Hunters of Artemis were in trouble. After their encounter with Orion last year, it had diminished their group a lot. There were less than half of their previous members before. Zeus had ordered them to hunt down the last remnants of Gaia's forces. What he didn't tell them was that those remnants included gigantes and large armies of monsters. Even though Gaia was defeated, her forces still existed, waiting for another chance. Thalia expected it to be tough, but she hadn't expected it to be this tough. Even with a goddess on her side, it didn't look like an even fight. The Hunters of Artemis were surrounded in the forest, the monsters eyeing on them like a tasty snack. Artemis looked tired. Thalia didn't know immortal beings could get tired, but everyone has their limits. "I want you girls to leave," Artemis huffed. "I'll hold them off," "Not gonna happen," Thalia argued as she shot down another monster. "We are not leaving you here," They were left only with a dozen hunters left and all of them don't look any better. "Thalia, that's an order!" "I'm belaying that order," Thalia said. "I'm not leaving you," Artemis fired two arrows at once, catching both monsters with precise accuracy. Thalia ran out of arrows and used her hunting knives. She leaped forward gracefully and sliced at the neck of a hellhound before running her weapon down the gut of a cyclops. She blocked a sword strike and used the other knife to stab the gut of her attacker. Behind her, an Earthborn had snuck up. Artemis had just enough time to yell, "Thalia!" as the Earthborn slammed his club down on Thalia. Dread crawled under Artemis's skin, fearing for her lieutenant's safety. Surprisingly, Thalia survived. Behind her, a man stood with his back facing her. He wore a black and long coat with a hood over his head. He had blocked the attack with his sword, which was a single-edged blade that was almost as long as Thalia's height. She would've mistaken it for a katana, but the blade wasn't curved even though it only had one sharp edge. How such a thin weapon could block an attack with a club, Thalia had no idea. But the man didn't seem like he was struggling with it. In fact, he didn't seem to exert any energy holding the Earthborn's attack. "You should go," The man said to Thalia. "You'll be safer with your goddess." Thalia rushed towards Artemis who sighed in relief at the sight of his lieutenant. There was a loud sound as if someone had just sliced a pig with a single swipe. The man dressed in black stepped into view in front of the goddess. The monsters stopped attacking immediately. "Who are you?" Artemis demanded, but the man ignored him. "Leave," The man told the enemy that's attacking Artemis. The monsters huffed and grunted. The enemy forces consisted of monsters and demigods alike that pledged allegiance to Gaia. One of them stepped forward. "Who are you?" "You should know who I am," The man said. The enemy shuffled nervously. Thalia overheard them saying: "Isn't that the Black Swordsman?" The man stabbed his sword into the ground. "Last warning. Leave now while your heads are still intact," "Tch," The enemy demigod drew his sword. "Get him!" The monsters and demigods charged at them. Artemis and her hunters were stood by, weapons on the ready as they prepare for the worst. "Wrong move," The man muttered. He took his sword from the ground. He whispered to himself, "Lend me your strength," The sword glowed in vibrant blue before splitting into two more identical swords, but thinner and shorter. He moved with blinding light, slicing the enemy faster than they could see. Artemis stood in awe, watching at the man's combat skills. He fought like a demon. He couldn't be a god, because if he was, Artemis could sense it. But there was a bit of godly power inside him. Maybe a demigod, but Artemis didn't know any demigod with skills as good as his. He moved with stealth, using the bushes, shadows and trees as his cover, taking his enemy down quickly and silently. The enemy force looked around themselves in confusion. Some of them dropped dead without any apparent reason and some of them collapsed as if the wind killed them. Artemis could only watch in fascination at the swordsman, who was living up to his title. She wanted to help, but it didn't look like he needed any. Soon, every single on of the enemy was dead and disintegrated into dust. By the time the swordsman stopped moving, his swords had already merged into one and was already sheathed in its scabbard that was strapped behind him. The man turned towards the group of hunters, who were injured and beaten. Artemis was afraid that he might harm them, so she stood in front of her hunters with her bow ready and an arrow notched all the way back. "Take one more step and it'll be your last, demigod." The man held his hands up. "I just wanted to check on you and your hunters if you're alright," "We're fine," Artemis growled. She didn't want to look weak in front of a man. "I am grateful for your help, but no further help is required," That was a lie. "I just want to help," "I don't accept help from people who I don't know," Artemis glared at the man. It's kind of hard to see the man's face under the hood. "Show yourself." He pulled back the hood and