~ Draco and Hermione ~ by Lazaraz "The world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters. We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are." Disclaimer: All Harry Potter characters and settings belong to J.K Rowling. Watch the YouTube trailer! - watch?v=BOWtX4defHY Enjoy! Prologue Narcissa looked up at him, her face eloquent with despair. "Yes, Severus. I — I think you are the only one who can help me, I have nowhere else to turn. Lucius is in jail and…" She closed her eyes and two large tears seeped from beneath her eyelids. "The Dark Lord has forbidden me to speak of it," Narcissa continued, her eyes still closed. "He wishes none to know of the plan. It is… very secret. But —" "If he has forbidden it, you ought not to speak," said Snape at once. "The Dark Lord's word is law." "Severus," she whispered, tears sliding down her pale cheeks. "My son… my only son…" "But what help do you require, Narcissa? If you are imagining I can persuade the Dark Lord to change his mind, I am afraid there is no hope, none at all." Narcissa began to cry in earnest, gazing beseechingly all the while at Snape. "The Dark Lord will not be persuaded, and I am not stupid enough to attempt it," said Snape flatly. "I cannot pretend that the Dark Lord is not angry with Lucius. Lucius was supposed to be in charge. He got himself captured, along with how many others, and failed to retrieve the prophecy into the bargain. Yes, the Dark Lord is angry, Narcissa, very angry indeed." "Then I am right, he has chosen Draco in revenge!" choked Narcissa. "He does not mean him to succeed, he wants him to be killed trying!" " I haven't got any options!" said Malfoy, and he was suddenly as white as Dumbledore. "I've got to do it! He'll kill me! He'll kill my whole family!" " I can help you, Draco." " No, you can't," said Malfoy, his wand hand shaking very badly indeed. "Nobody can. He told me to do it or he'll kill me. I've got no choice." " Come over to the right side, Draco... you are not a killer..." " Well, Draco?" said Lucius Malfoy. He sounded avid. "Is it? Is it Harry Potter?" " I can't – I can't be sure," said Draco. " But look at him carefully, look! Come closer!" " There's something there," Lucius whispered, "it could be the scar, stretched tight... Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?" Harry saw Draco's face up close now, right beside his father's. They were extraordinarily alike, except while his father looked beside himself with excitement, Draco's expression was full of reluctance, even fear. " I don't know," he said, and he walked away towards the fireplace where his mother stood watching. "No," agreed Dumbledore. "You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon…" He walked away, leaving Snape looking stricken… " It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." Chapter 1 "Come on Hermione, why are you so determined not to admit it? Vol-" "HARRY, NO!" "-demort's after the Elder Wand!" "The name's Tabooed!" Hermione yelled, leaping to her feet as a loud crack! sounded outside the tent. "I told you, Harry, I told you, we can't say the name anymore, we've got to put the protection charms back up! Quickly! It's how they find..." But she stopped talking and Harry knew why. The Sneakoscope on the table had lit up and begun to spin, they could hear voices coming nearer and nearer: rough, excited voices. Ron eyes were wide as he pulled the Deluminator out of his pocket and clicked it, causing all of their lamps to go out. Darkness engulfed them. It was a cold dawn and the sun hadn't yet risen. "Come out of there with your hands up!" came a rasping voice through the darkness. "We know you're in there! You've got half a dozen wands pointing at you and we don't care who we curse!" Harry looked round at the other two, now mere outlines in the darkness. He saw Hermione point her wand, not towards outside, but towards him and Ron; she murmured a very quiet 'Petrificus Totalus' . Suddenly his body went rigid and he fell backwards, hitting the ground silently. He felt Ron land right beside him, just as silently as he did. He attempted to move, to scream, to call out to Hermione, but he couldn't move a muscle. A second later and a cloak was thrown over them both, and he realised that it was the Invisibility cloak. He could tell that Ron was frantic beside him also, but they were powerless. Harry remembered the last time this had happened to him. Dumbledore had used the full body binding curse on him, with the Invisibility cloak to hide him from the Death Eaters, on the Astronomy tower before Dumbledore died. Hermione just did the same thing, she did it to hide her two best friends... was she going to die? Hermione cast another spell on herself, which made her hair turn blonde and her eyes a bright blue colour, obviously an attempt to disguise herself. Harry almost wanted to cry as he watched Hermione from his invisible hiding place. She looked in their direction, her eyes conveying her thoughts, 'Sorry, but you have to live and defeat Voldemort. This is the only way.' Before he could even blink, her wand shot out of her hand and she was pulled out of the tent by rough hands. "Well, well, well, what do we have here?" said the same rasping voice from outside. Harry's stomach turned over. It was Fenrir Greyback. "Who were you talking to, girl? Are there others inside the tent?" Greyback demanded suspiciously, looking inside wearily and expecting there to be others. "N-no, I'm travelling alone-" "Check the tent!" Greyback growled, not trusting a word of what Hermione said. Harry squirmed as he waited to be found. A man walked into the tent and began searching all over the place, but he didn't see Harry or Ron lying on the ground in plain sight, underneath the Invisibility cloak. In a strange way, Harry wished the man would just find them, so that they could be with Hermione. But after a few moments, the man in the tent shouted, "All clear!" "So, travelling in the woods all alone are we girly?" Greyback rasped quietly, as if he was whispering it in her ear. Harry was sick to the stomach and desperately wanted to move. "Careful Greyback. We should be careful with who we're attacking," a man named Scabior warned. "I won't bite just yet. Let's hear her name first," the werewolf rasped. There was a pause before Hermione replied. "Penelope Clearwater," she said the first name that came to mind and sounded rather terrified. Penelope Clearwater was a blonde haired Ravenclaw girl. It fitted, since Hermione had changed her hair colour to blonde. But attempting to lie her way out of trouble seemed like an impossible feat at that moment. "Blood Status?" "Half-blood," Hermione said shakily. "Keep checking the tent! Search everything!" Greyback roared, and the man hurried back into the tent again, searching every inch of it for something valuable. Harry heard the sounds of parchment being rolled over and realised they were searching for Hermione's stolen name. "So, thought you'd just go camping alone and use the Dark Lord's name just to see what would happen, eh?" Greyback mocked, getting sniggers from the snatchers. "N-no, it was an... accident," said Hermione cautiously. She was answered with jeering laughter, which stopped as Scabior began speaking again. "Searched for your name missy, and it seems Penelope Clearwater is in her last year of Hogwarts as we speak. So who the hell are you?" he shouted. Harry's heart thumped harder and harder and Hermione began to panic, what on earth was she going to say? The snatchers were waiting impatiently, but she couldn't think of an answer. "You better tell us the truth, cause if you don't... well, I won't be able to resist your delicious, soft skin much longer," said Greyback, an obvious hunger in his voice. Suddenly they heard a shout from the tent, and the man who was searching ran out carrying Gryffindor's sword, and the Daily Prophet. Hermione saw them and felt her heart drop an inch or two. She was in trouble now, massive trouble. She knew her face was on the front page of the Daily Prophet, and Gryffindor's sword was no ordinary thing to carry around camping. "Hey! Look what I've found!" said the man happily, showing them the sword and reading the prophet. "Very nice indeed, that sword looks goblin made. Where did you find that, girl?" demanded Greyback, there was a pause again as Hermione tried to think of something. "Um, just in the forest," she answered, which was actually the truth considering Harry got it from the frozen lake in the Forest of Dean. " Just in the forest ? You're a lying little brat," Greyback spat, his temper flaring slightly. "Greyback, also look what I saw in the Prophet," said the snatcher. There was a pause as all the snatchers read the paper silently, and looked at the picture. Scabior began to read it out loud so that Hermione could hear. " Hermione Granger ," Scabior read, " the Mudblood who is known to be travelling with Harry Potter ." There was a heavy, intense pause. It lasted only a moment, and then Harry heard the crunching of leaves as someone moved closer to Hermione. "You know what girl? This picture looks a hell of a lot like you." "It isn't! It isn't me!" Hermione squeaked, but it was useless. None of them were going to believe a word she said. "... known to be travelling with Harry Potter ," muttered Greyback quietly. There was another silent, heavy pause as everyone was deep in thought. Harry felt so sorry for Hermione, and he wished he was able to be there. She was getting into a worse and worse situation with each passing second. "Well, this changes things, doesn't it?" whispered Greyback. "Where is Potter?" The question hung in the air, the question the entire wizarding world had been wondering. The only question Voldemort needed answering to, and it would all be over. Hermione knew that no matter what happened, she couldn't tell them where Harry was. She had to do anything possible to make sure he escaped and survived. If she became a prisoner of war like others such as Ollivander the Wandmaker, the only way she would be released was if Voldemort was defeated. "I don't know what you're talking about," Hermione lied quickly, perhaps a little too quickly. Smack! Hermione gasped in pain from the harsh slap. "I'm warning you, if you don't answer truthfully now you'll suffer much worse where we take you," said Greyback threateningly. "The Prophet is w-wrong! It's j-just a rumour, I don't know where he is!" said Hermione, her voice shaking in fear. "So be it. Tie her up. We might have a well-known mudblood, best friend of Potter, and possibly information on his where-abouts, this should pay well," said Greyback greedily as Harry listened to Hermione being tied up. "Where should we take her? To the Ministry?" asked Scabior curiously. "To hell with the Ministry! They'll take the credit, and if she knows where Potter is we might get paid a little extra. I say we take her straight to You-Know-Who," said Greyback, an excited snarl in his voice. "I'm in. They say he's using the Malfoys' place as a base. We can take her there," said Scabior, the other snatchers muttering their