~ The Soul Connection ~ by Lazaraz Disclaimer: All Harry Potter characters and settings belong to J.K Rowling. Enjoy! Prologue "No one can help me," said Malfoy. His whole body was shaking. "I can't do it ... I can't ... it won't work ... and unless I do it soon ... he says he'll kill me ..." And Harry realised, with a shock so huge it seemed to root him to the spot, that Malfoy was crying - actually crying - tears streaming down his pale face into the grimy basin. Malfoy gasped and gulped and then, with a great shudder, looked up into the cracked mirror and saw Harry staring at him over his shoulder. Malfoy wheeled round, drawing his wand. Instinctively, Harry pulled out his own ... "SECTUMSEMPRA!" bellowed Harry from the floor, waving his wand blindly. Blood spurted from Malfoy's face and chest as though he had been slashed with an invisible sword. He staggered backwards and collapsed on to the waterlogged floor with a great splash, his wand falling from his limp right hand. Slipping and staggering, Harry got to his feet and plunged towards Malfoy, whose face was now shining scarlet, his white hands scrabbling at his blood-soaked chest ... he fell to his knees beside Malfoy, who was shaking uncontrollably in a pool of his own blood. 'I need a place to hide my book ... I need a place to hide my book ... I need a place to hide my book ...' Harry thought. Three times he walked up and down in front of the stretch of blank wall. When he opened his eyes, there it was at last: the door to the Room of Requirement. Harry wrenched it open, flung himself inside and slammed it shut. Harry hurried forwards into one of the many alleyways between all this hidden treasure. He turned right past an enormous stuffed troll, ran on a short way, took a left at the broken Vanishing Cabinet in which Montague had got lost the previous year, finally pausing beside a large cupboard which seemed to have had acid thrown at its blistered surface. He opened one of the cupboard's creaking doors: it had already been used as a hiding place for something in a cage that had long-since died; is skeleton had five legs. He stuffed the Half-blood Prince's book behind the cage and slammed the door. Chapter 1 Hermione was absolutely sick of Draco Malfoy. It was ridiculous. Ever since her first year at Hogwarts, she'd never really liked him. He was arrogant, egotistical, proud, pureblood-obsessed, Slytherin, cowardly, snide, mean and hurtful. He had disgusting, greasy slicked back blonde hair, dull cold grey eyes, and pale skin. Everything about him frustrated and revolted her. To make it worse, he seemed to hate her just as much as she hated him simply because she was a muggle-born. Add prejudiced to the list of attributes. But to top it all off, he was also intelligent. Although Hermione was the smartest witch of their age, always beating him in every test and exam, he was usually second best. In Potions he was almost just as good as her, though she blamed this on Snape for favouring Slytherin's more than everyone else. But there it was, and everyone knew it: Draco Malfoy was not stupid, he was the smartest Slytherin student at Hogwarts. His idiotic cronies Crabbe and Goyle were stupid, but he was not. And this only frustrated Hermione further. Perhaps if he was just like his cronies, saying things that he didn't fully understand or mean... she would be able to ignore him, but he wasn't like that. When he called her a mudblood he knew that it would hurt her feelings and he did it purposefully for that reason. Which, if possible, made it hurt even more. Hermione was thinking about all of this whilst sitting in the library alone. Studying Potions, to keep ahead of the rest of the class. Mostly to keep ahead of Harry and Malfoy. They were in their sixth year and this of course meant that Harry had the ' Half-Blood Prince ' textbook. He'd been getting every potion perfect for weeks on end, but that all stopped after he used the spell on Malfoy in the bathroom. After that Harry promised he'd thrown the book away, and his grades in potions deteriorated as proof of that. The fact that Malfoy was never far behind also frustrated Hermione though. Calling her a mudblood was one insult, but calling her stupid whenever he happened to beat her in a test... now that would get to her. That would get her where it hurt, right in her soft spot, and he knew this. The only things Hermione could pride herself in were her intelligence and her bravery. She wasn't pureblood and she didn't think she was beautiful. The only way she could insult Malfoy was by calling him an evil git, or insulting his inferior intelligence. Take away her intelligence and Malfoy would make her life hell. For some unknown reason it seemed like he was trying very hard to beat everyone that year. His behaviour was unusual. For one, his usually greased head of slick hair wasn't neat and tidy any more. It was ordinarily dry, blonde, ragged and untidy. He had black bags under his eyes, which meant that he wasn't sleeping much. Hermione feared that this meant he was studying more than her, which in turn caused her to study more as well. Hence the reason she was in the library right now, thinking of this and determinedly re-reading her Potions textbook. But back to Malfoy. He wasn't hanging around with his cronies much any more either. Harry was suspicious that he was a Death Eater, which Hermione thought was ridiculous. Harry also suspected that he was up to something bad, but all of Harry's warnings were dismissed by her. Hermione had to admit though, Malfoy's behaviour was strange. Why did he look so exhausted, sometimes even worried, all of the time? Why was he overly offensive to everyone around him? He'd always been snide and rude. Now he was different though. He was much more serious . If he wanted to insult someone he didn't sneer, he looked ready to kill and he made sure that it sounded horrible. This meant that his blood-related insults had also stepped up a notch. Who was that? Hermione had glimpsed a flash of blonde hair. She lowered her book sharply and looked up to see Draco Malfoy himself slipping past an isle in the library. His cold grey eyes were alert and moving quickly as he skimmed across the books, desperately searching for something. Hermione snorted, feeling smug. He was trying really hard to beat her in exams, it was almost sad from her point of view. He'd heard the snort and seen the smug expression. "What are you looking at, mudblood ?" came his insult, with just the right amount of hate in his words to make her cringe. "A pathetic excuse for a wizard. I'd appreciate it if you left my library," replied Hermione in a bored voice, returning to her book as if what he'd said didn't matter to her. After six years, she was becoming an excellent actor. But after six years, the prejudiced insults somehow never failed to hurt. "You're a mudblood, that makes you pretty much the definition of pathetic. It's not my problem that you hide here because you haven't got any friends," Malfoy continued, glaring at her from where he was searching the wall of books. Hermione slammed her book down on the table. "I'm not hiding here, I just like the peace and quiet which you're ruining right now. Plus I have more friends than you," she hissed angrily. "Whatever, everyone knows the library is your sanctuary," snapped Malfoy indifferently. He pulled a thick book off of a shelf, opened it and began reading it rapidly. Hermione felt herself blush. "So what if it is? Just leave me alone," she said firmly, hiding her face behind her book again. She assumed he'd found his book a few moments later, as he let out a very quiet sigh of relief. She didn't bother looking up to see though, and instead tried to concentrate on reading. "I wonder how many times you've read that textbook, yet you still barely beat me," Malfoy sniggered as he walked past her. "Go away!" Hermione growled, feeling herself go red with anger. When he'd finally left the library, with an air of superiority and ' I'm-better-than-everyone ', she slammed her book down on the table again. He was right. Potions was a practical subject, it didn't matter how many times she read this damn book, it wouldn't improve her skill. Potion-making was, after all, a skill. Books could only help so much. To make matters worse, he was right and he knew it. She stuffed the book into her bag and heaved it onto her back, planning to leave the library as well. Before she left however, she walked over to where he'd gotten his book from. She knew the library back to front, and this isle contained books on magical objects and artefacts. Hermione skimmed along the row of books, in the same area he'd been looking, and saw the missing spot where he'd taken his book from. She was sure that it was called ' Fixing Broken or Damaged Magical Objects '. Why on earth would he need a book like that? Finally he found a book that could possibly help. He wasn't sure if it would have anything to do with Vanishing Cabinets though... they were, after all, dark objects. He'd probably need to steal a book from the Restricted Section if he was going to get some useful information on the subject. He didn't have much time to fix the blasted thing either. His life, and the life of his parents, lay heavily on his shoulders. He had to succeed in killing Albus Dumbledore, not because he wanted to, but because Voldemort had ordered him to. Dumbledore was one of the greatest wizards in history and knowing that it was Draco's responsibility to murder his own Headmaster, well, you can imagine the kind of pressure he was feeling. As these thoughts swirled around in Draco's mind, he continued walking swiftly towards the Room of Requirement. He smirked as he realised that while Granger's sanctuary was the library, his was the Room of Requirement. It wasn't his sanctuary by choice however, he simply had to spend excessive hours inside slaving over the broken cabinet and scheming new ways to kill Dumbledore. Why was he trying to fix the cabinet? There are two Vanishing Cabinets, one in the Room of Requirement in Hogwarts, and one in the dark wizard shop, Borgin and Burkes. When they're both working a passageway is created between the two. The cabinet in the Room of Requirement is broken, while the one at Borgin and Burkes still works. Thus if Draco failed to kill Dumbledore alone, he could fix the broken cabinet which would open the passageway and allow Death Eaters to enter Hogwarts without anybody noticing. It was a genius plan, but so far he'd had no luck whatsoever in fixing the cabinet. As he walked, Draco remembered his mother before he'd gotten on the train for his sixth year which felt like ages ago, and how she was openly crying as she held him. It was obvious that she thought he would fail, she was crying because she thought she'd never see him again. Thanks for the confidence boost, mother , Draco thought to himself bitterly as he arrived on the seventh floor. He walked past the wall where the Room of Requirement was hidden, thinking over and over, I need to enter the place where all things are hidden . The wall morphed into a door, which he pushed open and