The Lord of the Rings , Had Boromir Survived, Written in the Context of the Books (and to some extent in the style of): Synopsis (directly from The Two Towers ): "…The first part ended with the fall of Boromir to the lure of the ring; with the escape and disappearance of Frodo and his servant Samwise; and the scattering of the remainder of the Fellowship by a sudden attack of Orc-soldiers, some in the service of the Dark Lord of Mordor, some in the service of the traitor Saruman of Isenguard. The quest of the Ring-bearer seemed already overtaken by disaster…." "The horn of Boromir!" Aragorn cried, "He is in need!" he leapt down the steps of Amon Hen. He looked but saw no sign of Sam, who he had been sure was following him, "Alas, An ill fate is on me this day, and all that I do goes amiss. Where is Sam?" He ran towards the sounds of battle. The horn of Boromir blew sharp and clear in the wind. Through the thick trees and brambles Aragorn crashed. He drew his sword from its sheath. Crying, " Elendil! Elendil! " he sprang into battle. A great host of orcs were assembled in a glade not far from the lake. The cry of the horn of Gondor was cut off. Aragorn found Boromir among the orcs, felling them with his long sword. The horn hung disregarded upon a strap around his neck. A number of orcs already lay slain at his feet. The orcs nearest Aragorn were drawn by his cries and turned in alarm to meet his swinging sword. He felled three orcs with one swing of his mighty arm. The others retreated from him in fear, screaming with their rough orc voices and eyeing the sword Andúril glinting in the sunlight. "Aragorn," said Boromir, "The Halflings! They take the Halflings!" Aragorn heeded his warning and turned where Boromir pointed. There was Merry and Pippin, stabbing at the orcs with their little Hobbit blades. Their valiant efforts were failing and the orc-warriors were quickly overwhelming their prey. Aragorn sprang forward with a cry but found his way blocked by a wall of orc swords. Pippin's sword was knocked to the ground. An orc seized him with its long arms and Pippin beat upon it with his fists. An arrow sung through the air and pierced the orc in its neck. Pippin fell back to the ground. Legolas leapt from the trees to let go a swarm of arrows. Gimli was by his side, already swinging his dwarf ax to slay the orcs nearest them. "Ar," growled Gimli, "Flee enemies! Flee before me all who are born from evil! No pity will befall you at the hands of a dwarf, but receive naught but death from my ax!" Indeed, for the tide had turned and the orcs' numbers were greatly depleting. They turned to see the elf bow, dwarf ax, and the swords of the two men of Gondor and flew back to the trees hence they came. "Follow, company, they are still in sight!" cried Gimli. "Stay your blade, Gimli, stout heart," said Aragorn, lifting a hand. "Pursuit would be futile. More pressing need is at hand." "The bow of Lórien sings straight and true," said Legolas, "Many lay slain on this field." "I thank thee," said Boromir, leaning wearily upon his sword, "I fear naught but harm would have befallen me if thou had not answered mine call so swiftly." "The Horn of Gondor will always be answered thus swiftly," said Aragorn. "But where is the remainder of our company?" asked Legolas, "I count but six when the number should rightly be eight." "Yes, Aragorn, where is Frodo," said Merry, "and Sam?" "Alas," said Aragorn, "I lost Sam as I ran through the wood. Of Frodo I have no word. I can only hope no evil has come to them, for that would be grievous indeed." "Let us hope they returned to the camp and thus escaped danger," said Boromir. "Come, only time will tell. Let us forget out weariness for a moment. Rest will find us when our musings are resolved." Aragorn led the company back through the wood. They came back upon the place where they had camped the night before and that day. "Alas, for it is an ill turn," said Aragorn, "Frodo nor Sam is in sight." "Look here, Aragorn," said Legolas, "One of the boats of Lórien has been set free, or else it has drifted away." "And Frodo's pack," said Merry, "It's gone." "Sam's too," said Pippin, "What does it tell you, Aragorn?" "It is a riddle indeed that meets us here," said Aragorn, "For I look for tracks but find naught that can be told that would benefit our plight. Look here, a Hobbit waded into the water to some depth. But which of you it was I cannot tell, or by what hour it was done. "I can only think that Frodo has taken the boat, for it was too high on shore to have drifted on its own accord. Whether or not Sam is with him I cannot say. Sam's pack is gone and I cannot think that anyone would take it if it was not their own." "Whither do they go, do you think?" said Boromir. "To the eastern-shore, I would guess," answered Aragorn, "Frodo presses on to Mordor." "We must hurry," cried Legolas, "Not much time has passed. We may still catch them if we make haste!" "No," said Aragorn, lying his head wearily in his hands, "This fellowship has gone down many twisting roads. To folly I fear I have led us. Frodo has made his choice. He pushes on to the dark shadow by his lonesome. Our destinies have parted. The fate of Middle Earth now lies on his shoulders. I should be glad if Sam was with him, for Hobbits are made of better stuff then you would think. Two of them together in the wilderness is a greater comfort to me than you would know. We push on to Minas Tirith, where my final act may lie, and the fate of men will certainly." "To Minas Tirith?" asked Pippin, "But that is far. Will we walk the whole way?" "No less than two-hundred leagues," said Boromir. "We have come thus far on foot," said Aragorn, "I suggest you take what rest you can. I feel haste is in need. We set out within the hour." No more was said. The company cast themselves down on the ground or else began to make ready for their journey. Merry and Pippin sat by themselves near the shore of the river. "Good old Frodo and Sam," said Merry, frowning across the flowing waters of the Anduin, "I hope their road may be easy, whatever the end will be." "It is too bad that we got left behind," grumbled Pippin. Aragorn, hearing the Hobbit, spoke, "Fear not, Pippin, you may yet have your share of evils." "Alas, it is an ill turn," said Boromir to himself, "I should have liked to have seen Frodo before he set off. To leave thing unsaid is a most unhappy thing." "Time may yet come, Boromir, my brother," answered Aragorn, "Frodo and Sam have passed thus out of our knowledge, but they may again cross our path. Do not despair, for hope remains hence the Fellowship remain true." "Verily," muttered Boromir, staring across the lake and to the dark slopes of Emyn Muil. Aragorn looked at him for Boromir appeared troubled in mind, "For that I will live to see that it is true." "Come, our time is spent," said Aragorn, "We set our eyes to Gondor." It was by that time midafternoon. The company had readied their packs and disposed of what they hadn't the need, for they prepared to go light and swiftly. "What may be our path?" said Legolas, "To follow the course of the Anduin would be the most direct of courses but would be a treacherous road indeed. We would then have need to cross the delta of Onodló." "The most manageable cross of the Entwash is near Snowbourn," said Boromir, "Which will bring us close to Edoras. It was hence I came when I journeyed to Rivendell. From there we turn south-east to Minas Tirith." "Then we will have need to cross the fields of the Rohirrim," said Aragorn. "Does it trouble you?" asked Boromir. "Only if the tidings we have heard are true," said Aragorn, "that Saruman's hand has indeed grown long and now holds in his grasp King Théoden of the Golden Hall." "Nay," said Boromir, shaking his dark head, "The Rohirrim are a mighty people. It would be ill indeed if I lived to see the day that they be turned by some devilry." Aragorn stared grimly across the river, "As you say, Boromir. Let us hope Rohan still stands strong. Come, we have tarried long enough. We make way to the crossing at Snowbourn." The company set off. Boromir marched first for he was glad of tidings of his homeland and his heart was light and step quick with hope at once again seeing the place whence he journeyed. Legolas came next, holding his bow near at hand in case any orc lingered still in the dark shadows of the wood. Then walked Gimli, his hand resting upon the handle of his ax. Merry and Pippen walked beside each other, daunted at the long road that lay still ahead of them and hearts burdened with thoughts of Frodo. Aragorn came last. His head was bowed and brow furrowed, deep were his thoughts of evil tidings and things to come. They traveled many leagues before they came to rest that night. By then they had passed out of the wood and come to the midst of the stony hills of Emyn Muil. Thence their trail became harder to follow for the rough grounds and ridges of the highlands. They stopped much wearied when the waxing moon came up in the west and the stars began to shine in the heavens. They departed early in the next morning and pressed on with great speed. For three days they marched across the land. The green plains of Rohan stretched before them and behind them, for they had passed down the last cliff of Emyn Muil on the second day. "Hark," cried Legolas stopping in his path, "the sounds of many hoof beats. A great host of horses approaches." Aragorn cast himself to the ground and pressed an ear to the grass, "Eye," he said, "Many hundreds I can feel. What can thine eyes see across the plane, Legolas?" Legolas shaded his elf eyes from the sun. "A great host, indeed," he said, "The sun glints upon their shields and tips of their spears. A great billow of smoke comes from behind them. I think they ride from battle." "What say you, Aragorn?" asked Boromir, "Do we make haste or approach these riders for news? What do you think they, friend or foe?" "They bear the mark of the Rohirrim," said Legolas, "But what that bodes I haven't a guess. If indeed Rohan has fallen to the hand of Saruman." "Trust me," said Boromir, turning to Aragorn, "The mighty Horsemen of Rohan will have done no such deed. Ever have they been allies of Gondor. Ever they shall remain." "I will take your word, Boromir," said Aragorn, staring across the plane at the dark shape of many horseman that had come into his view. "We will soon learn the truth," said Legolas, "Already they approach." Pippin and Merry had stood beneath and listened to their company debate. They had heard of Rohan only in tales and knew naught to contribute to any judgment. They now cast themselves upon the ground to wait for the riders' arrival. Soon even their Hobbit and Gimli's dwarf ears could detect the sound of the hundreds of hoof