It was believed that we had a lot of soul-mates in the world; one soul-mate per variation. However, when you found your soul-mate in case of romance, your world would have the most colourful one – literally. On the side note, a colour would arise to your eyes when you found a soul-mate on a different variation that reflected their favourite colour. When your soul-mate died, the colour would disappear to your eyes. What more, when your romantic soul-mate died? Your world would turn to grey again. =/= The blissful air assaulted his room, and the harmonious singing of the leaves serenaded the ears of the man that was standing in front of the mirror. He was arranging his necktie, as he straightened his coat and finished fixing his untidy hair. The moon was sneaking on his room, lightening it. His phone rang again for the fifth time, and he failed to answer it. The first time that it rang, he was in the bathroom taking his bath – apparently. The second time it rang, he was putting his clothes on. The third time it rang, he was tying his shoelaces. The fourth time it rang, he was fixing his hair. And this, the fifth time he missed it again. It was his best friend calling him. His best friend that he didn't see for three years. He didn't know why he didn't have the urge to call him back, but he promised himself to call Nico after his date with his girlfriend. A few minutes later, his phone rang again, and since he was done fixing himself, he answered it. 'Why aren't you answering, you dumbass?' Said the voice from the other line. He actually missed the voice that welcomed him; its dirty but witty mouth, and its annoyed voice – as usual. But he noticed that that annoyed voice was kind of weak, he was kind of worried but he just dismissed the thought. He missed the dude; he needed to be happy in hearing it. A forced curve was formed on his lips and answered the craving best friend, 'I'm sorry, I'm fixing myself for my date.' Nico seemed dumbfounded and didn't know what word to answer, 'O…okay.' He said; he turned his frown upside down because this was the first time that his best friend storied that he was having a date! 'Wow, congrats, Jason,' he continued. 'I didn't know that you have a girlfriend.' 'Apparently because we had an agreement that we needed to finish our college without communicating, how am I supposed to share it to you?' said Jason with his fooling voice. He sat on his bed, and looked at the clock. Forty-five more minutes until his date. He took the chance to have a catching-up session with his best friend. 'So you found your romantic soul-mate already,' said Nico. 'How does it feel like? And how long have you been together?' Jason stood from his bed, and paced from left to right, as he smiled and tried to imagine how his world before was. Colourless and pathetic. He could only distinguish the colour blue and red. Now, he could see the colour of the world. Of how wonderful it could be. 'It feels surreal,' he spoke with eloquence, 'and I just can't imagine a world without Piper in me. Today is our first anniversary actually.' 'Congratulations, bro,' said Nico with full of enthusiasm. He seemed so happy for his best friend. Yea well, who wouldn't be happy for that? 'Thanks,' said Jason. 'I think I have to go now. I need to fetch Piper. I'll make you see her soon.' 'Sure,' answered Nico. Jason was about to end the line, when Nico's voice came again. 'Can we meet tomorrow?' 'That won't be a problem.' 'I'll see you tomorrow then.' 'I'll see you.' Jason then ended the call and went straight to Piper's house. The most beautiful girl on Earth for him next to his mother. =/= Last night was the best night of his life. He had proposed to his girlfriend, Piper. He thought that maybe this was the right time to go to the next level already. He thought that maybe he was matured enough to handle and start a family with the girl he truly loved. Scattered pieces of glass were on the floor, as the surprised bang of the door scared Jason. The ringing of his phone never stopped since morning – apparently he didn't really like glancing at his phone at least once. But as he finished cleaning the mess that he made at his apartment, another ring perturbed him. It made him feel that something bad happened. He looked around the place, and he knew something was wrong. Something was incomplete. Something was missing on his eyes. He couldn't distinguish it yet, until he saw the name of the one who was calling on his phone. Something really bad happened, thought Jason. He was wishing that what he thought wasn't right. He picked up his phone, and answered the eager caller. He was waiting for it to answer, and as soon as he heard the voice of the woman on another line, he ended the call and ran to the nearest cab that he saw. The heart inside his left chest was pounding really hard, his knees were trembling. He felt so nervous. He closed his eyes, forcing himself not to cry. I won't cry, nothing bad happened. I swear nothing bad happened. He said to himself. 'Goddammit!' he exclaimed in exasperation. The thoughts inside his head kept on haunting him. Pessimisms never stopped on entering his mind. He couldn't think of anything positive. He didn't know why he had this feeling, that something bad happened, but it felt so right. It felt so right that he wished what he was feeling was wrong. Jason got his phone from his pocket, and phoned the digits of his fiancée. She wasn't answering, but her voice mail welcomed him. 'Piper, I have to go somewhere,' said Jason. 'I'm not so sure if I will see you tonight, but I promise I'll see you tomorrow.' His voice was trembling, but still forcing himself to calm down. Piper shouldn't know about this, she was out of this. But he needed a shoulder to cry on. I should've cancelled my date last night, I know Piper would understand. He closed his eyes. The cab driver was looking at him at the rear-view mirror, he seemed concerned of Jason but he was too reluctant to ask him what was wrong. He thought that Jason might think of him as a meddler. He didn't want to meddle on what Jason was going through, so he just fastened up his driving. He was sure that Jason needed to be on the place as soon as possible. The cab came to a stop. Jason went out of the cab after he paid for the service. He suddenly thought of life's fickleness. Yesterday was a better one – the best actually - because he celebrated his first anniversary with his girlfriend, and now… it had changed in that abrupt. He didn't know why life could be that rude. He really didn't know. He looked at the house in front of him; the house that he didn't see nor visit for years. He missed this house. It felt like the angsts that this house was really palpable now; the misery that I had given to that one person that he treasured most – excluding his fiancée. However, he tried having giving happy experiences in here, and he didn't fail. He actually had those memories vividly stuck on his mind until now. And he wasn't in the business to experience a remorseful one now. I have to do this; I need to enter this house. I need to see. His knees were still trembling due to his nervousness, it got worse now. He was holding his tears back, he didn't want to cry. He never wanted to cry. He walked slowly, and a girl came. She was walking beside him. Her hair was black, and her eyes were also swelled. She looked at Jason, and made a smile. Her cheekbones were shown, but her sadness was tangible. Jason didn't talk to her, or even ask her what she was doing here. She was really new to Jason's eyes; this girl, even she was just a visitor, or an acquaintance, she was unknown to him. 'Are you Jason?' asked the girl, 'because you really looked like Jason.' Jason was surprised because she knew him. He didn't know that he was that prominent, but wow, he was awesome. He dismissed the boastful thought, and just gave the girl a nod. He tried to look at the sky, and the girl looked at it too. 'I see no colour anymore,' said she. 'Before, I see everything. It was really a wonderful world, isn't it?' Jason wasn't answering, but the tears came streaming down his face now. He couldn't see the colour of the sky anymore. And he was here, bursting out all his remorse with a stranger. She was the soul-mate , thought he. 'Y-yes, it's a very wonderful world,' Jason answered the lass, 'may I ask your name?' 'I'm Reyna,' answered the girl. 'And I'm right, you are Jason.' 'How did you know me, Reyna?' asked Jason. He now looked at her – he felt that his neck stiffened. 'Well,' said Reyna. 'He often tells me a story about you. You're like a brother to him.' 'I'm his brother,' clarified Jason. 'Not by the water of the womb, but by the blood of the covenant.' A woman called them both from a distant. Jason knew the woman just from the voice it conveyed, and he abruptly turned his head to the direction. He missed that woman. He continued to walk, leaving Reyna on that same place. She seemed didn't want to go inside yet, well, Jason could feel her. But he needed to enter this house. Jason ran to the woman outside the door, and gave her a hug. A warm, tight, and painful hug. He cried on her shoulder, same as the woman. He couldn't control his emotion anymore; he had been concealing his sadness for a lot of minutes now. He couldn't imagine why this shit happened in a very short time. He didn't have the chance to see him on the last minutes of his life. The woman was patting his back, trying to soothe Jason's emotion. He couldn't be calmed down. He didn't want too. Yesterday, he was just talking to his best friend. Saying that it was his first anniversary with his girlfriend, and that it felt so surreal having Piper in his life. Seeing the colour of the world, and that it was so wonderful. Yesterday he was just talking to his best friend, Nico. Yesterday, they talked that they should meet today. Was this Nico meant when he said that they should meet today? That Jason would meet him on his own coffin? His outburst caused a lot more tears, and he felt that his sadness was now perpetual. He couldn't imagine a world without the colour of blue on his eyes - that was Nico's favourite colour. He couldn't imagine a world without his best friend. His brother. His other half. Three years. For three years he didn't see this lad, and now, he would see him lying on this fucking coffin! He felt the anguish rushing through his veins. The woman he was hugging was loosening her grip, but he tightened his hug. He couldn't let go of her. He didn't want to. He didn't see his best friend yet, however. But he didn't want to see him. He didn't want to see him dead . 'Jason,' said the woman. 'You need to be strong.' 'I…I can't,' said Jason, loneliness, grief, and woe filling his voice. He was trembling, that anytime he