First chapter is almost completely flashbacks. Probably just going to be a one-shot. Tell me if you want me to continue. 3 Reviews telling me to continue will be more than enough. Also, constructive criticism is welcome. If I do continue, I will do the entire giant war, although it will be bits and pieces of it. You will see why at the end of this chapter. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians , because Rick Riordan wrote them. Any part of this story that has any relation to his series is not mine. Any new characters I may or may not introduce WILL be mine. I don't accept OCs from readers, and that is final. "Yes." Alright, let me take you back to the beginning so that what comes next will make a lot more sense. Flashback Throne Room, after lightning thief quest… We stormed into the throne room, or tried to, at least. The door was huge , so it was difficult to open. After finally managing to get the door open, we walked in with our heads high, trying to preserve what little dignity we had left. We could hear both Zeus and my father, Poseidon's, argument halt abruptly when they realized who had entered the room. Zeus started to laugh, then said, "So you've come to admit your crime, have you?" " No," I replied, "because it wasn't me that took your bolt, but I do know who did." I could see the disbelief and sarcasm in Zeus' face as he said, "Oh, and who do you claim stole my bolt?" I paused, and looked around the room, letting it show on my face how serious I was about what I was about to say. My eyes settled on who I thought could only be Hermes, and he gulped, knowing what that look meant. "It was Luke Castellan, son of Hermes," I finally said, before looking back to Zeus. My eyes then caught sight of someone else, who looked very much like Annabeth, who was at that moment standing beside me. She had dark black hair in place of the blonde, and her eyes were much more cold and calculating, and I knew then that I was looking at Athena. She looked like she hated me already, and I then remembered what Annabeth told me about our parents hating each other. I knew that she, along with a few others, would never believe me without something drastic being done about it, so I then said, "I swear it on the River Styx." I was still looking straight at Athena, so I caught the small look of surprise before she covered it up. Zeus then cleared his throat, regaining everyone's attention. Drama queen, I thought, but then I heard a growl of thunder and saw Zeus angrily staring at me. So quickly, and out loud of course, I said, "No offense, though, Zeus." Some of the gods were looking at me like I was crazy, and some were stifling giggles. Zeus then stood, flashed his bolt, and said one thing I had hoped not to hear at this council meeting. " He is dangerous and must be destroyed," said Zeus, looking around at the council. Poseidon stood to defend me, "You better think twice about this Zeus, because I know about the other one that you have tried to hide from me." Hera looked furious about that and I could only wonder why, seeing as how I had no clue what they were talking about, and I still don't, for that matter. " We will put it to a vote," said Zeus looking annoyed. "All for the death of the illegitimate child?" he asked, which was pretty insulting. Hera, Zeus, Artemis, Athena, and Ares raised their hands, which made a total of five. " All for my son staying alive?" Poseidon asked. Aphrodite, Poseidon, Apollo, Hermes, Hephaestus, and Demeter raised their hands, making a total of six. Dionysus abstained, of course, because he was asleep. So much for my thoughts of all-mighty and powerful gods. Either way, I was happy, because I got to live. Once you realize that you are a demigod, you sort-of become easy to please. I took one last look around, before I decided that I should leave before anyone changes their mind. As my eyes met Athena's again, I saw a look that only promised pain. I had to hold back any sarcastic thoughts, just in case she could hear them. Annabeth, Grover, and I walked out of the throne room, just happy to be alive. At the Hoover Dam… My exits were blocked, and I had no way out. Then I saw the elevator. I almost face-palmed, but I didn't have time for that. I ran towards the elevator as fast as I could. The doors were just about to close as I stepped in. I could hear the annoyed chatters of the skeletons behind me as the doors closed. The tour guide was saying something, but I tuned her out so that I could think. Finally, tired of waiting, I asked, "does the elevator lead to the snack-bar?" I heard a few laughs. " Didn't you hear my riveting speech earlier?" the tour guide asked. I froze. I recognized that voice from somewhere. Just then, the elevator doors opened, and I stepped out. As I was about to turn the corner though, the tour guide said, "Oh, and young man? There is always a way out for those clever enough to find it." I turned, and looked into her stormy-grey eyes. Athena. Now you might think that seeing Athena surprised me, but what really surprised me is the fact that she didn't kill me. She didn't even look like she wanted to kill me. And what surprised me even more was the fact that when her face wasn't screaming, "I will kill you, and have fun doing it," she didn't look half-bad. Then her eyes narrowed, and I ran around the corner. I guess she heard that. I just hoped that the gods didn't decide to vote on my life again. I had a feeling that I couldn't count on her vote the next time. Oh well, it's not like she would vote to keep me alive either way. I might as well have fun with it. Winter Solstice, a couple of weeks later… We could see Olympus in the distance. It was somehow even more beautiful at night. All of the gods and goddesses were up. I took a second to wonder if they even had to sleep. Probably not. When the pegasi landed, Thalia awoke with a jolt. She freaked out for a second, thinking we were still in the air. When she finally calmed down, we walked to the throne room doors. That time, however, the doors opened themselves. I guess they were expecting us that time. The gods and goddesses fell silent as we walked in. Grover was kneeling at Zeus' feet. He looked to Zeus for permission to join us, and Zeus gave it. Grover ran at us and gave us all a big hug. I found out how scary a charging satyr could be. When he let go, I looked around and saw that Artemis had gotten off of her throne and shrunk down to human size. " These heroes have done us a great service. I would see them rewarded," she said, looking perfectly calm, even though she was one-third the size of those around her. "Does anyone disagree?" Of course she had to ask. Athena chose that time to make her move. "I am glad my daughter was brought back safe, but there is still the problem of the other two, along with the monster." I realized that she was talking about Thalia and me instantly, but it took me a second to figure out the 'monster' she spoke of. " Bessie?" I asked, wondering how they could kill something so innocent. "She hasn't done anything wrong." My father shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "You named the Ophiotaurus Bessie?" " It could prove to be our downfall if we let it live. It is a risk we can't take," Athena said. " I can see your point, but what if she were to be protected by you Olympians personally. That way, you could keep an eye on her. It would also ensure that she isn't reformed later, outside of your control," I said, and I could see the change in Athena's eyes as she studied me in a new light. " There is still the matter of both you and my half-sister. Thalia's birthday is tomorrow, and either way, the prophecy will come about then." Artemis then spoke up. "I am in need of a new lieutenant, and Thalia could fill that spot." I knew she would accept, so it didn't surprise me when she instantly agreed and said the oath. I then realized that without Thalia, I was guaranteed to be the prophecy child. " We will now vote on whether or not the son of Poseidon will be allowed to live," Zeus said, and that also didn't surprise me. "All for execution…" Zeus, Ares, and Hera raised their hands. It surprised me that Athena didn't vote to kill me. She did, after all, bring up the whole 'must not be trusted' thing. Artemis was the one that brought up the fact that we should be rewarded, so it didn't surprise me that she didn't vote to kill me. Everyone else, including Dionysus, voted to keep me alive. That made two less death votes than the time before, so at that point I felt that I was getting pretty popular amongst the gods and goddesses. Note the sarcasm. Solstice Party… The party was amazing. The Muses were jamming out, and I could tell that everyone heard what they wanted to, mostly based on the totally different dances that people were doing. Some people were waltzing, while others were grinding and – you know, it's not important what they were doing. I will tell you that my fourteen year old eyes may have been scarred forever. I danced with one goddess, but after failing horribly I decided that I would just hold off on dancing until I actually learned how. A few hours later, well after midnight, I saw Athena walking towards me. At first I was freaking out, but then I remembered that she voted not to kill me, so I calmed down a little. I decided that being polite would still be required, seeing as how she was a goddess and all. When she approached, I bowed low and said, "My lady." I stayed in my bow until she said, "Rise." After I did so, I looked into her eyes. My breath caught. I couldn't move. It hit me then that she may have been the most beautiful woman on earth. And Olympus. She narrowed her eyes, but I was so lost in them that I wasn't thinking about any consequences. " I would appreciate it if you didn't think such things," she said, bringing me out of my trance-like state. I jumped back, blushing hard. "Apologies, my lady," I said, blushing hard. " It's fine," she said. "Just don't let it happen again. I don't approve of your friendship with my daughter. You being close to her will only bring her trouble." It was my turn to narrow my eyes. " I can't and won't stop being friends with your daughter just because you tell me to. She is a good friend, and if she wants to be my friend I won't stop her, either." As her eyes narrowed even more I realized that she could easily kill me. Unlike Ares, she wouldn't make any rash decisions that would end up failing. If she wanted to kill me, she would have a carefully thought-out plan. It would not fail. For the twentieth time that day, I