This year's parade had been a success, although, frankly speaking, Seeder wasn't sure how to feel about it. Every year, the routine was essentially the same. Once the district kids safely got to the Capitol remake centre, where the prep teams would be scrubbing, shaving, waxing, and otherwise tormenting them, the mentors would get together and have a cup of coffee in order to catch up with the latest public developments of their respective districts and unwind. When the time came, they would slowly make their way to the tribunes to welcome this year's contestants. It was there, sitting in her usual spot next to her district partner, Chaff, and her good friend, Haymitch Abernathy, that she first saw them. The tributes who, by now had become the main subject of the entire Capitol's talk. The commentators had just expanded on the kids from District Six, both of whom looked very tired and miserable, when a roar had risen somewhere at the far end of the chariot ride. Everybody suddenly became impatiently curious, speeding up the program and only briefly acknowledging Districts Seven, Eight, Nine, and Ten before the two last chariots swam into view. With a pang of pain, Seeder registered that despite all their efforts, her tribute Rue had gotten only a one-word commentary from Claudius Templesmith before the real stars of the evening claimed everybody's attention. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark from District Twelve. The girl was a beautiful olive-skinned brunette with her hair elaborately woven into several braids. Everybody already knew her name, seeing how much attention she had got at the reaping. She was waving and smiling to the crowd. Someone threw a rose at her, and she caught it. The crowd erupted into cheers; they already loved her. But most importantly, it were the costumes—set on fire, making the tributes bask in bright light—and the way how affectionately the girl held hands with her fellow tribute that called most of the attention. Seeder bit her lip as several thoughts passed simultaneously through her head. "Did you tell them to do that?" she heard Chaff inquire from Haymitch, who was sitting next to her. "Yeah, that's me—the district matchmaker," Haymitch responded gruffly. Seeder noticed he was thinking hard as well. She knew him well enough to guess that many of his thoughts were matching her own. Haymitch's tribute was getting too much attention, and as much as it made her uneasy because it left her own tribute, Rue, with far too little attention, she also understood the delicate position Haymitch's tribute was in. People were not supposed to volunteer to save their little sisters; they were supposed to volunteer for the glory. Already this fact alone put the girl at risk: she was giving the Games an emotional meaning, which made her stand out in the eyes of all the other districts—something that President Snow would not fail to notice, since the very purpose of the Games was to dehumanise the districts of Panem and fuel hatred among them. Chaff tried to question their old friend on that fiery debut, but Haymitch assured them he didn't have anything to do with the rebellious handholding. After the parade, he disappeared. It was unusual, seeing that most outside district mentors weren't really important or attractive enough to have any obligations after the parade, but Seeder had no time to reflect on it. She had her own tribute to look after for the rest of the evening. Dinner was a quiet matter. While the food was in abundance and the dining room itself was lavishly decorated, none of them felt at ease, even though both Seeder and Chaff made sure to put their tributes as much at ease as possible. Chaff's tribute, a large boy named Thresh, seemed inclined to maintain the stony silence he'd taken up already on the train, not speaking to any of them. Seeder wondered if he had spoken to Chaff at all, but it was not up to her to ask such questions. Rue, on the other hand, was busy tasting all the dishes, but was careful not to make herself sick. She was smart. It wasn't until the dessert was served that things started looking even gloomier for Seeder. Rue appeared to be rather interested in the orange cheesecake which a skinny Avox with ash-blond hair had just placed in front of her. "Mmm! How they'd do that?" she asked eagerly, looking up at the Avox. Seeder quickly attempted to save the situation. She assumed that what Rue really wanted to know was how the orange flavour was achieved. Although they came from the district that was in charge of agriculture, these kids had rarely ever been permitted to eat oranges, let alone use them in a recipe. Seeder briefly explained how orange juice was added to the fluffy icing before the mixture was applied to a cooled cake. To her dismay, however, Rue suddenly took the plate with her piece on it and offered it to the blond Avox. Needless to say, the young man paled dramatically, shook his head and hurried out of the room. "Rue, you are not to speak to an Avox unless it is to give an order," Seeder explained hastily, exchanging a glance with Chaff. "An Avox is a person who committed a crime. They are not to be spoken to. It is forbidden. Avoxes are here to serve us," Chaff added. "Besides, they can't answer even if they wanted to—their tongues have been cut off for the crime they committed." Rue's huge brown eyes had immediately acquired a fearful look of disgust, which Seeder knew all too well. All the kids from Eleven who had ever witnessed a severe public punishment wore that look. Thresh was older and more controlled for it. His face remained almost unreadable—only his hands gripped the tablecloth a little too tightly—but he understood as well. Seeder willed the kids to not discuss it further. Thankfully, they didn't. The dinner was wrapped up rather hastily after that. By the time Thresh and Rue went to their respective rooms and Seeder tucked Rue to bed, it was already late, and so she settled down to read a historical metafictional novel. While it might not be exactly the best of things to occupy her mind with, it was a decent way to pass time. The events of the novel took place more than a century ago, when it had become clear that oceans had been rising at a much faster pace than anyone had suspected—which, in turn, as they now knew, would sweep all the coastal cities under water, marginally changing the shape of the continents. North America hadn't been spared. As the coastal cities had been flooded, a chain of other natural disasters had been quick to follow, resulting in pandemics, which had quickly wiped off more than a quarter of the entire population. The remaining inhabitants had been forced to move inland, but as the country preceding Panem was still densely populated, the rapidly evolving diseases would travel with them. The infected immigrants and refugees had naturally not been welcome, and to add insult to injury, the refugees from neighbouring Canada and Mexico had joined their ranks. In such circumstances, a civil war had been declared by one of the States in the country once known as the United States of America. The war had soon turned out to be even more devastating than the chain of natural disasters. A nuclear attack in the West of the country had turned a large chunk of the little land they had left inhabitable, and even more people had died. Even that, however, hadn't stopped the war. In the end, people had understood the devastating effects of their actions: not only a big geographical change, but also a big social change had occurred. The old notion of 'American' citizen had all but evaporated. The remaining population had essentially been a conglomerate of the former refugees, who would identify themselves in a completely different way than their American, Canadian, or Mexican predecessors. If, earlier, there had been racial and national conflicts as to who could consider themselves 'true' Americans, then now, only skeletons were left behind the old civilization, and so a new leadership had emerged. Panem had been founded. The main hero of the novel, Jack Newton, who casually shared his name with a certain British scientist—presumably from even more centuries ago—travelled to South America with the specific mission of paving a way for the remaining population of North America to gradually move there. Whether there was any civilization left in the area that used to make up Argentine and Brazil, the novel did not specify. Seeder would have continued reading, but shortly after midnight, there was a commotion. Chaff had returned from wherever he'd been. "No sign of Haymitch?" Seeder asked, surprised not to see their old friend with him. "He's not coming down. He's had a busy night—they invited him to one of those fancy places. Apparently, his tributes are hot stuff." Seeder smiled faintly, not sure if the pun had been intended. "He'd better be careful then," she said, vaguely implying that the cost of popularity in the Capitol, while vital, could also come at a price often too high. "Speaking of popularity, put down that book of yours—let's see what tonight highlights are," Chaff suggested. The hologram television flicked to life, just in time to reveal a pair of eye-catching wigs sitting atop two faces they knew so well: the dusk blue one of Caesar Flickerman, and the pale, curly one of Claudius Templesmith. The two maestros of speech were addressing themselves to the cheering crowd, an identical grin on their faces. Identical that was, except Caesar's was cheerful and relaxed. Claudius's smile, on the other hand, looked rather like the grimace of a man who had half a dozen fish bones stuck in his throat. Seeder smiled wryly and put her book down with a sigh. "I wonder whom they invited this time," Chaff mused over the booming voices from the immaterial screen. "It's been a while since they had the Morphlings for a public interview. Or Cecelia." "Or us," Seeder grumbled. He forced a half-hearted smile but did not answer. Silently, they watched the two hosts gesture towards the back of the stage; Claudius's intonation had risen two octaves in his effort to express his excitement. "And now, ladies and gentlemen," Caesar intoned, "let us introduce our first guest in this year's Games: the guest who needs no introduction!" "We know him as our unparalleled inspiration in all things of beauty, the master of elegance, an unrepentant heart-breaker, and the most generous sponsor Capitol has ever known," Claudius sing-songed. "Oh, joy," Chaff snorted. "Ladies and gentlemen, a round of applause for our beloved, brilliant and infamous Ianus Dolman!" Caesar cried out, punctuating each adjective with an enthusiastic but graceful wave of his hand. A deafening roar filled the room, and a dazzling white spot swam to the front of the hologram's image, growing as it did so. It was the familiar sturdy figure of a tall, majestic man in a snow-white suit of a shapely design. He had an arrogant albeit handsome face with regular features: a powerful nose, firm lips and somewhat sly eyes of a deep grey, lined with silver. His elegant goatee could rival Seneca's in its elaborate pattern. Slowly, he strutted forward, his hand rising towards the crowd in a lazy salute, and he flashed a smile as white as his outfit, though it did nothing to warm up the imperious hardness in his eyes. In Seeder's opinion, he looked like a white peacock. She knew such a bird existed, for she had seen it served during one of the opulent feasts in the Capitol. "I think I still prefer my book," she said, reaching back for her volume. "They were bound to invite him." Chaff's voice was calm, but his profile, his set