Summary: From childhood friends to teenage romance to wedding rings, Bella and Jacob's love has spanned many Christmases, teaching them both kisses under the mistletoe can bring two hearts together and sometimes, even hold the power to mend a broken soul. Disclaimer: The author is not the owner or profiteer of Twilight or its characters. All recognizable characters, story lines and content is the work of Stephenie Meyer and her team. No copyright infringement intended. A/N: This was written for the Tricky Raven Under the Mistletoe Contest- As soon as I saw it, I knew that this was what I wanted to write. I hope you guys enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! Song recommendation: Love Like This (acoustic) by Kodaline *~* A Love Like That *~* Brown eyes flashing with happiness, the shiny paper painted her cheeks red. Curled ribbons wrapped around her arms as seven-year-old hands shook the box. Unable to wait any longer, chubby fingers ripped into the packaging, leaving pretty paper scattered around her. Squealing in delight, she held the bracelet up to the light to better admire the delicate braiding and glass beads. Throwing her slight body at her friend, she hugged him tight. "Jacob! This is the bestest present ever! Thank you! Can you tie it on?" Bella didn't wait for an answer. Shoving the bracelet into Jacob's hand, she held out her wrist. Brows lowering, Jake poked his tongue between his teeth as he concentrated. His fingers worked to tie the bracelet on his best friend's wrist, diligently tying the strings until it would stay. Stubbing his toe on the tan carpet, his seven-year old body twisted slightly, arms crossed over his chest watching the floor sway. "You like it?" "No, silly! I love it! It's be-yoo-ti-ful!" Lips stretched into a smile, Bella declared, "Now it's your turn!" Eyes wide, Jacob stared at the box that Bella thrust into his hands. Taking the time to appreciate the happy penguins dancing on the blue paper, his fingers slid under the tape trying hard not to tear it. When he finally had all the tape loosened, he slid the paper from the box, eyes widening at the sight of a game he'd been begging his parents for. Jake had wrote Santa five letters to make sure he knew Jake really wanted it. Two robots in a ring, battling for dominance. It was awesome. Onyx eyes, wide as saucers, met Bella's. "How did you know?" he asked, voice little more than a whisper. "You told me. Remember when we wrote our letters to Santa? I read yours when you were writing. I told Santa I was going to get it for you." "But, Bella… this costs lots! How did you…?" "I saved my milk money and allowance. I wanted to get you something that you really, really wanted." "Thanks, Bells. I love it." Jacob threw his arm around her shoulders and dragged her into the bedroom. "Can we play my game now? Will you play it with me?" "O'course, silly!" Bella replied, watching as Jake reverently pulled the game from the box and set it up. The children played five rounds together. Bella demanded a rematch each time until Jake finally let her win, her fist pumping the air with a victorious cry. They were called to dinner and ate quickly so they could return to their play. The older kids- Becca, Rachel, and even Leah- didn't want to play with Jake and Bella, so they made a hideout under the dining table after the adults were finished, spying on them and laughing at how boring the grown-ups were. A delighted squeal pulled their eyes to the doorway leading to the kitchen. Both Bella and Jacob whipped their heads around to see what the fuss was about. "Harry! Sue! You guys are under the mistletoe! You know what that means…" one of Sue's friends said. Bella and Jake shared a look of confusion before turning back to the adults in question. Harry leaned down, a look of pure love on his features, and Sue's eyes shone with the same. His hands pulled her tight against him as his lips descended on hers in a sweet, chaste kiss. Jacob declared his disgust with a loud, "Ewww!" But Bella couldn't bring herself to feel the same way. Instead, she leaned forward, watching the couple with wide, amazed eyes. "I'm gonna love someone like that someday," she whispered. *~* A Few Years Later *~* Onyx eyes tracked her every movement. Bella could feel them as she spoke quietly with Leah and Seth. Jake was supposed to be talking with Quil and Embry, but every time Bella glanced his way, he was tensed and broody. His face was agonized, brows pulled taut over his expressive eyes. They hadn't spent much time together those days- Bella was busy with her new boyfriend. Though she wasn't sure she really saw that relationship going anywhere. It was nice to get out of the house. And she really liked kissing. Kissing was a lot of fun. She just couldn't talk to Jake anymore, though. He avoided her at all costs, yet he couldn't seem to keep his eyes off of her. It was frustrating, yet there was something intriguing about it all. "You're stupid if you think he doesn't like you, Bella." The harsh voice startled her and caused to her spin around, sloshing eggnog out of the cup she'd been clenching in one hand. "Leah! You scared me half to death! What in the world… What are you even talking about?" "Jake. He likes you. I know you don't believe me- it's written all over your face- but he does. And you're blind. Obviously…" Her words trailed off and she glanced down, picking at her fingernails as if she didn't have a care in the world. "Yeah, because guys avoid you and completely ignore you when they like you. I don't know what boys you associate with, but the guys at Forks all make it abundantly obvious. Is it too much to ask for a phone call from the guy that used to be my best friend?" Setting the plastic cup on the side table, Bella crossed her arms over her chest, dejectedly toeing the carpet. "That doesn't sound like he likes me at all." Her eyes flickered Jake's way, only to pull away quickly when he met her eye. Forcing her headup, Bella stepped away from Leah, "I'm gonna go get some air. Excuse me," she said, brushing past the older girl, in search of her coat. Heart heavy, she shoved her arms in the sleeves of her coat after finding it in the back of the closet. Turning the handle, she opened the door and stepped out into the whitewashed world. Snow covered everything. It continued to fall - tiny flakes drifting down from the sky, covering the scars that marked the world. If only it were that easy to cleanse away hurt and scars inside her soul… the ones that crisscrossed her heart. Sighing, a puff of air visible on the wind, she sank to her knees in the cold, wet snow, not caring when it seeped into her pant legs and chilled her bones. It didn't distract from the feelings of losing her best friend. For years, she and Jake had done everything together. Then it was like a switch was flipped overnight. So much changed - he cancelled all their plans, quit answering the phone, and avoided her at all costs. Reaching up, a cold finger swiped at the lone tear that fell from her eye. Her heart longed for the boy from childhood, the one she could tell all her secrets. The boy that used to tease her mercilessly, but threaten anyone else that tried to do the same. Bella couldn't figure out what changed… Why it changed. The sound of snow-crunching footsteps made her glance over her shoulder, eyes widening slightly at the sight behind her. A warm arm was laid across her shoulders and her head tucked into a strong shoulder. "Bells… I'm sorry…" the deep voice said dejectedly. "I'm just - I can't…" Pulling away, Bella stood and faced the boy she'd once considered friend. "You can't what, Jacob? You can't be my friend? You can't stand me anymore? What the hell is your problem?" Chocolate eyes burned with anger and hurt. Arms were rigid at her side, in her effort not to lash out at him. "No, Bella… it's not like that. Can't you see it? Don't you know?" His words were low and almost reverent as he spoke. He stood slowly to his feet, reaching to trail a finger down her cheek. A surprised gasp leaving her throat, she turned her face into his hand. "See what ? Jacob, the only thing I know is that I miss my best friend…" Looking down at the fluffy snow, her arms crossed tightly across her chest. "What happened, Jake?" Glancing up, Bella met his gaze. "I...I… Dammit, Bella," Jake paused, trying to gather his thoughts. "Why can't you let things go? You've got everything you wanted - a boyfriend, a life, a real home… And I'm not jealous, I can see you're mind working. I just… I miss you and how it used to be. We used to be the most important people to each other, but it's different now." He paced back and forth in front of her, his agitation apparent in the way he kicked the snow, hands flailing in frustration as he spoke. "I can't just be your friend , Bella. I-" "You what, Jacob? Just spit it out already! I can't take this back and forth with you right now." She took two steps toward the house before turning back to face him, "Just stop, okay?" Watching the emotions cross his face for a moment, she turned back to go into the house, but his words stopped her cold in her tracks. "Bells… I love you." Turning back in surprise, Bella walked over to stand in front of Jacob, a billion thoughts speeding through her her mind- only one finding its way to the front, demanding attention. Had he really said what she thought he said? Surely, she'd mistaken his words. Heart pounding, she begged, "What did you say?" "I said… I said I love you, Bella." Swallowing, he shoved his hands deep into his pockets, meeting her stare. Daring her to deny the truth of his words. "Wh-why are you telling me this now ? Why not before? What… I…" Bella floundered for words, heart beating so fast in her chest she thought it might explode. Pulling a hand from his pocket, he reached for her again, capturing her fingers with his own. Tugging her toward him until he could wrap her in his arms. "It's okay, Bella. You don't have to say anything right now. But, you just… you needed to know." Resting his chin on top of her head, he held her in his arms until she finally pulled away. "Do you mean that?" her whispered words were so quiet he almost didn't hear them. "I wouldn't say it if I didn't mean it. Look at me, Bella." He waited until she finally lifted her eyes, confusion and a spark of something that resembled hope stirring within each one. It filled Jacob with hope. "I. Love. You." Watching her eyes again fill with tears, his hopes deflated. "Come with me, Jake," she insisted, pulling him lightly back into the house. She led him through the small groups of people. When they reached the little doorway between the dining room and the kitchen, she stopped, turning to face him. She could see the uncertainty tainting the purity of his onyx gaze - one that could turn her stomach upside-down. "Jake, do you realize where we are?" Jacob's arms were crossed over his chest- an attempt at keeping his defenses up- but Bella pulled on