A/N : These wonderful characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. The story is something I've been thinking about for a while. Bella doesn't always have to be the tiny delicate person, as she is portrayed in so many stories. I've re-posted this chapter after being introduced to Project Team Beta. They are wonderful! A big thanks to Kitchmill, AngelaLovsFanfic and Alicekinsno1for editing this chapter. It took three betas to edit this. The Spa Chapter One Who am I ? That is a question that I ask myself frequently these days. Well, it's a rhetorical question; I know who I am. The real question is, who have I become? What happened to the Bella Swan who had guys breaking their necks to get a look at her when she walked by? Where is she? Is that girl still inside me? You know what they say, inside every fat person, there is a skinny one trying to get out. I feel her punching and jabbing, but it seems that she gets weaker by the day. I have never been one who looks at herself in the mirror and sees beauty. I never even considered myself attractive…that is until I look at myself now. It's true that hindsight is 20/20. Who would have ever thought that I would be a forty-something divorcee with fifty extra pounds that just kind of snuck up on me? I wish I'd seen it coming, well, maybe all the midnight snacks had something to do with it. Don't get me wrong, my life is not all bad. I have some very supportive people in my life, and I have two wonderful children, whom I love very much. My daughter, Tiffany, is fifteen and is a sophomore in high school, and is always busy doing the typical high school stuff. She's on the volleyball team, dance team and she meets up with friends for study groups and class projects. She certainly keeps me busy driving her from place to place. She is also a very good student and, like her mother, loves to read. I think she's got just the right balance; she's smart, but not a nerd, and above all, she is a sweet and respectful young lady. My son, Alexander, or Alex, as he likes to be called, is seventeen years old and is a senior in high school. Alex is applying to colleges and doing the other things that seniors do, like planning for the prom and graduation. He's on the football team and also plays baseball. Alex is also a good kid and a cutie pie—like his dad, which is why he's got these fast girls sniffing behind him. However, unlike his dad, he hasn't let it go to his head, although, I did over-hear a bit of a conversation he had with his best friend Seth on the phone last night. When I heard the word "laid," my antenna shot up and I conveniently found a reason to stick around and listen, but only so many sheets and towels will fit in a linen closet. He realized what I was up to and the conversation became hushed. I don't even want to think about where that conversation was heading. My sister, Leah, tells me that I'm over protective. She says that he's growing up and that I should give him his space, but as a precaution, I should put condoms on my grocery list. What can I tell you? Being a single mother raising a son is hard. Jacob—my ex—does spend time with the kids, which is a good thing, but it's so different now that we're not living together as a family. It's really a stressful time right now, and for me, where there's stress, there's the urge to eat. It takes all the willpower I have to stay away from In–N-Out Burger. What I wouldn't give for a Double Double right now—with mustard, grilled onion and extra pickle—but instead of thinking about what a hamburger's all about , I'm heading to the gym. When I initially made my self-improvement list, I wrote the word gym and pondered on the significance of the three letters G Y M. What immediately popped into my mind was "Got Your Man," which was ironic because that's where Jacob met his new fling, at the gym. I decided right then and there that I would refer to it as the S P A, where there'd be "Special People Around". Now that's much better. So, here I am at the Spa with a visitor's pass for a week of aerobics classes. I didn't even have the proper attire, but with friends like Alice, that excuse was just unacceptable! Alice is my best friend and she could talk a prostitute into selling Girl Scout Cookies. Anyway, when I told her about my resolution to get healthy and happy, she insisted on buying me a lifetime membership to the new spa in town and a supply of workout clothes. I opted out of the lifetime membership and the clothes, but agreed to a one week pass to see if I'd like it. At one point in my life, I was a workout junkie. I would take two aerobics classes back to back without breathing hard, and then take a turn on the Stairmaster (do they still call it that?). Anyway, these days, I walk a few times a month on average. I just want to make sure that I am able to commit to this before I let my friend invest money in it. So, with my towel, water bottle and iron-clad work out bra, I'm here to get my workout on. The spa is really nice. It is on the fifteenth floor of an office building, a large open space with huge windows around the entire floor. You can enjoy the view of the skyline as you work out. I walk up to the counter and am greeted by a very nice woman. I tell her that I have a week pass and she says that a trainer will be with me in a minute. I tell her that I'm not interested in a trainer; I just want to go to aerobics classes. She tells me that it is procedure for a trainer to take me on a tour of the facility (and I'm sure he'll try to make a sale while he's at it). As she pages the trainer, I stand there taking in my surroundings. I notice that there is a nursery on the premises where the members can drop off their children and go work out. I find myself thinking that instead of staying home with Tiff and Alex, I could have brought them here while I worked out. I'd certainly be in better shape right now if I had—and so would my life. As soon as that thought enters my mind, I think of Alice and Leah and what they'd say if they heard me right now. Alice would urge me not to think that way. She'd tell me that I've spent too much time at my own pity party and that I need to let it go and concentrate on living my life. Leah, on the other hand, would just slap me and tell me to snap the hell out of it! She's not one to mince words and she's never been a fan of Jacob. I notice that posted on the wall behind the counter is a list of classes offered here. There is Low Impact, Step, Boot Camp, Spinning and Zumba. I get excited at the possibilities. As I stand there, several people pass by. There is a group of women who look like they belong on that show Housewives of Beverly Hills, the show with the very rich glamorous women who have too much time on their hands, so they sit around talking about one another. Watching them with their hair done up, long nails, jewelry and designer workout gear, I start to feel self-conscious about my choice of workout attire. Maybe I should have listened to Alice and allowed her to buy me a workout wardrobe. Well, anyway, I guess my sweats and T-shirt aren't to their liking because they give me a "you're beneath me" look as they pass by. This certainly is not the way I wanted this endeavor to start. After the tour, which takes forever (oh, and I was right, he did try to talk me into buying a membership…free pass, yeah, right.)John, the trainer, escorts me back to the aerobics room, or the Aerobics Studio as he calls it. By the time I walk into the studio, the room is practically full. This must be a pretty popular class because everyone is trying to get to the front of the room. I, on the other hand, am right where I want to be, the back row. As I stand there waiting for class to start, who enters but the Housewives of BH in all their glamorous glory. All that preparation just to work out? Who does that? It is obvious that sweating is the furthest thing from their minds. There are also men in the class, which makes it even worse. It's bad enough that I have to shake, rattle, and roll with women around, but men? That makes for a whole new level of uncomfortable. The Housewives are complaining about how crowded the room is and stare down anyone who enters. I guess they are pissed because they won't be able to admire themselves in the mirror up front. They end up joining me in the back row. Lucky me! This is the low impact class, which I figure is right up my alley. The class starts and the music is amazing. The instructor is amped up yelling, "Come on people, let's do this!" She certainly gets me pumped. I think , yeah! This is going to be good! The instructor starts the warm up and surprisingly, I am able to keep up with her. It feels good as I move to the music, just like old times. However, my good feeling is fleeting because as the class progresses, unfortunately I don't. I guess I need more than amazing music and an energetic instructor to keep me going, because I only make it through the first fifteen minutes of class before I have to take a little walk…a very slow walk at that. I can hear the Housewives snickering as I leave the room. Once I am able to breathe again, I gather my things from the locker room and get the hell outta there. No, I didn't shower! When I get home, Alice is waiting on my front porch ready to pounce...she's relentless! She wanted to come to the spa with me, but I wouldn't let her. The last thing I needed was Alice jumping up and down in my aerobics class putting me to shame. It was bad enough that I only lasted fifteen minutes before needing oxygen. Alice would have made the instructor look like a rookie. "How was it? Did you have fun? Did you get a good workout? Did you break a sweat? Were there cute guys there?" She rattles off all five questions before I have a chance to answer one. I get even more tired just looking at her. "You sure do ask a lot of questions for such a small person," I tell her as I wobble into the house with her on my tail. "Let me put it this way," I tell her as I plop down on the sofa, "I'm glad I didn't let you to buy me a lifetime membership or the clothes. I'm not setting one foot back in that place!" "But why, didn't you enjoy it a little bit?" she asks in a defeated tone. "Hell no! Maybe I was a little too ambitious about the whole spa thing. Maybe I should start off with something slow, like walking. Maybe I'll give