Heyy! Okay, this was totally inspired by Mooncatcher's 'Here's How It Goes', read that first (it's like a bunch of prompts) and then read #21, that's what this is of: " They write what they love about each other on pearly, sun-kissed balloons then let them go on windy days, watching until the pair of silver-and-blue wink and disappear into the cloud-plumed sky." Okay I'm sorry is it just me or is that just a really beautiful sentence? Because it was so beautiful I had to write a story of it. And I fear I may have butchered it a bit. You see, I have this thing about AUs where I don't do them, so this was going to be a total AU where there were no gods and it was just them as friends and then more but then I couldn't do it, so halfway through it starts following the books, so basically everything's the same in the books except that Annabeth and Percy know each other from before and arrive at camp at the same time (when Percy arrives) and like Luke is already there with Thalia as the tree and everything else is the same. Except the balloons. These are all related to balloons. Sort of. Oh yeah, and one more thing, this is sorta in three parts, Sally's POV, Percy and Annabeth's POV, and then Frederick's POV. And there are breaks in between scenes, the tone sorta shifts in them so you really have to pause sometimes between scenes or else it's weird. Anyway, just read the thing. And tell me what you think. Sally looked out the kitchen window of the Montauk beach cabin to check on her son and his best friend. She smiled as they looked upwards, releasing their balloons—a blue one for him, a silver one for her—up into the sky. She remembered the first time they'd done it, the first time they'd met. It was a beautiful summer day, and Sally had the day off for once, so she and Percy had gone to Central Park. He had seen one of the balloon men and demanded to get one—blue, as per usual—along with a bag of cotton candy. Another girl was there, about the same age as Percy, buying a silver balloon. She had wrinkled her nose at Percy and his obvious enthusiasm. "It's just a balloon." She said hotly. Her father, who'd just bought her her balloon, didn't seem to hear her, as he was talking rather intensely on the phone. "But it's blue!" He'd replied, all happy in the way only five-year-olds can be, oblivious to the fact that life wasn't fair and ignoring the memory of an absent father and an abusive step-father—Sally pushed the thought out of her mind. He was happy, and it was because of a blue balloon, and that was all that mattered. "Blue's a really plain colour. That's why I'm getting a silver one. More distinctive." The little girl smirked—if little girls even could. "Do you know what distinctive is? My dad taught it to me just a few weeks ago." "No." Percy furrowed his brow. "Mommy, what's dist-distinky—" "Distinctive." The little girl corrected. "It means unique. Different." "Well I like the colour blue. I think it's dis…" Percy gave up. "Unique." He said instead. "It's the colour of the ocean. And silver looks like grey. That's sad and boring." "Silver is better than grey, and anyway, grey's not boring. My eyes are grey." "My eyes are green." "No, they're aqua. They're the colour of the sea. The sea's not blue, it's aqua and turquoise." "Well then why does everyone say that the sea is blue?" "Because some people are stupid." "Mommy!" Percy gasped. "She said a bad word!" "Daddy, he's being a tattle-tail!" The little girl tugged on her father's shirt, and he looked down at her. "Who's this, Annabeth?" He asked. "A new friend?" "No." Annabeth pouted. "He's not my friend. I don't even know his name, and he said that silver is like grey and grey is boring." "My name is Percy. And it was because you said that blue was plain! You said it first." "Alright, let's not fight, okay, Percy?" Sally decided that then would be a good time to cut in. "Let's just go around the park some more." "I think we should go too, Annabeth." The father said, shooting a somewhat apologetic look at Sally. She smiled in reassurance, even though she had no idea what she was doing. Percy was generally a very friendly and nice person, even if others were not nice to him, and this was the first time this had never happened. "No, I know what we should do." Annabeth said. "We'll write down why our colour is the best, and then decide which one's better based on what we've written." "We can write them on our balloons and then let them go, and whichever one is higher up first wins." Percy's face lit up at the idea, and Sally tried not to hide her face with embarrassment. "Mommy, do you have a marker?" "Daddy has one, right Daddy?" Annabeth turned to her dad, who wordlessly handed her a sharpie, a look of hopelessness on his face. "Are you sure you want to do this, Annie?" He asked apprehensively. "I mean, there are other things you can do, we don't have to let a newly bought balloon go." "Yes, this is what we have to do. Right, Percy?" "Right." Percy frowned. "Only, I don't spell well. Can my mommy write it for me?" "You can draw." Annabeth allowed. They spent the next hour sitting at a bench, waiting for their children to finish drawing and writing on their balloons, passing the marker around and adding their own things on each other's balloons, Percy scribbling an 'Annabeth' in big letters onto her silver balloon and her responding with a 'Percy (Seaweed Brain)' onto his. (He added a 'Wise Girl' onto hers after that.) Her full name was Annabeth Chase, five years old, and her father was Fredrick Chase. His wife left him with her when she was born, but he was engaged to another woman, to be married in a few months. Annabeth didn't seem to be very happy about that. He seemed very happy. Sally decided not to say anything about Gabe except that he was her husband. When they finally ran out of space on the balloon, the two children stood up on the bench and let the balloons go, watching as they spun around together, the strings tangling with each other, rising higher and higher until they were merely specks against the vast blue of the sky. ~0~ Percy and Annabeth became fast friends. They'd ended up going to the same school together that fall, and the day after school ended, they demanded that Sally and Fredrick—and yes, Annabeth supposed that Helen could come too, she was her new mother, after all (but Gabe was not invited)—take them to Central Park. The first thing they did was buy balloons—a blue one for Percy, a silver one for Annabeth. The second thing they did was buy ice-cream—mint-chocolate chip for Percy, chocolate for Annabeth. After they'd finished their ice-cream and run around what seemed like the entire park, they stopped in front of the zoo to write on their balloons. The first time, they wrote about what they liked about their colours. This time, they wrote about what they liked about each other, switching balloons so that Percy wrote on Annabeth's and she wrote on Percy's. 'Best Friend' was the first and biggest thing Percy wrote, in sprawling and uneven letters along the arc of the balloon. Annabeth copied it onto his blue balloon. They didn't stand up this time, merely lifted them up into the sky and let them go, watching them twirl around in the sky as if dancing, the wind bringing them up and away. "C'mon, Wise Girl!" Percy grabbed onto his best friend's wrist as the bell rang, pulling on it until she shouldered her backpack and followed him. It was the last day of school, and that meant balloon time. Percy wasn't sure what about their balloons he loved. He just knew that his favourite part of the year, aside from his birthday, was balloon day, the last day of school when he and Annabeth would write about each other. He always started with a huge 'Best Friend' and then 'Wise Girl,' before adding more words and phrases, new ones each year to be added along with the typical 'smart' and 'nice'. They met their parents outside the school, where they took them to Central Park. Helen was there too, with a double stroller where Annabeth's baby brothers were. She and Frederick took a walk around the park with their sons while he and Annabeth wrote on their balloons. Percy pretended to be annoyed with what Annabeth put on her balloon so that she wouldn't notice that her dad had gone. He knew that Annabeth didn't really like Helen, and liked the fact that her sons were taking up more of Frederick's time even less. "Why did you put… com…" Percy squinted, pointing at a word. "Compas…" "Compassionate?" Annabeth suggested. Percy pouted. "I wanted to read it." He said. "Sorry. Compassionate means you're kind to everyone." "I am?" "Yeah. You're nice and friendly to everyone." "Are you? Should I put that on yours?" "Do you think I am?" "No. But you're nice and friendly to me, and only me, and I like that more. What's the word for that?" "I don't know. I think it's just being a good friend." "Okay." Percy found some space near 'Best Friend' and put 'Bestest and greatest good friend ever - always nice and friendly to me (but not other people)'. And if he had to ask for the spelling of a few words, that was between him and his mother. And Annabeth, who probably added 'endearingly idiotic' to hers somewhere there after that. Percy saw it but didn't ask her what it was. (Instead, he asked his mom when they were on their way home. He couldn't decide if that was mean of her or really nice.) They finished before Frederick and Helen came back, but Percy found that he could stall no longer, the misshapen owl that he was drawing finally finished and Annabeth's fit of hysterical laughter over as well. They stood up, exchanging balloons and grinning at each other as they raised them into the air. This, Percy decided, was what he loved about balloon day, along with all the writing on their balloons; holding hands as they watched the blue-and-silver dots disappear into the slowly greying sky. ~0~ They are eleven, and graduating fifth grade. It isn't a big thing, but they will be going to a new school, and that's scary. But not too scary, Percy decided, since they will be with each other. It sucked, though, because the last day of school is also graduation day, and that meant no balloon time. He and Annabeth had spent days upon days trying to figure this out. "Why can't we just do it some other day?" Annabeth would ask exasperatedly. "It'll still be the same." "Because I'm going to Montauk the next day, we don't have time for balloon time once summer starts!" Percy would remind her. "Then before summer!" She'd suggest, but Percy was adamant about it not happening before summer started. "We met during the summer, balloon day has always been in the summer, it's going to be in the summer this year." "They why don't we just not have balloon day until you get back?" "I don't get back until soooo late, though! And you still have to go to your grandparents and we'll miss each other!" "Right before school starts?" "No. Come on, Annabeth, think! You're the smart one!" It was Helen who'd thought of a plan for them, although inadvertently. Her