Chapter One: The Forest of Dean Later Harry would say it was because of the questions. The never-ending questions, that no matter how polite or cruel he was he could not escape. That wasn't the truth, but it was the easiest answer when asked the questions of why he decided to leave, what started all of this, what made him decide to go on a trip. The reality was he'd left because of a mixture of things. The questions were only one part of it. The other parts were more complicated. But how could he explain that he had to leave because Ginny didn't understand what it meant when he said he needed to be alone? How could he explain the lack of silence in his mind? And the way his thoughts raced so quickly he saw the entire war flash through his mind sometimes several times in one day? How could he tell anyone that Ron and Hermione, though they'd been there, had not ever truly understood why Harry could not see the sun ever again in the same way they could? And how that had become less and less of something to be understood than something to be envied and resented? How could he explain he'd realized he needed the trip? Needed it more than he needed a flat with Ginny in London or an Auror position at the Ministry or even a good counsellor? The truth was, once he'd decided to go on the trip, he could think of little else and, though he tried more than once to reason himself out of it, it truly sounded like the right thing to do. What had finally made him decide to leave was not, however, anything that flipped in his own mind. It was the night he finally snapped on Ginny. She'd come home late one night from Quidditch practice. She'd very quickly gotten a place on the Hollyhead Harpies all-women Quidditch team after the war. She'd wanted to get back out into the world. Her way of moving on was literally moving on, pretending what had happened never had and not talking about it. This was another one of the reasons this happened: Harry needed to talk about it and Ginny had forbidden it. The very first day they'd moved into the London flat – that Harry had not wanted to move into and had regretted agreeing to it from the moment the word "yes" had left his lips – Ginny had turned around on the spot, setting the box she'd been holding down on the floor before she did so. When she finished spinning, she clutched Harry's lapels and kissed him. When she pulled away, she said, "This place is perfect. We can forget about everything here and begin our lives as adult wizards!" She said this excitedly and, at the time, a part of Harry had truly believed her. Maybe here he could forget about the past, he could move on, he could do exactly what she was suggesting. However, as the months passed and his nightmares didn't go away and he kept putting off applying for an Auror position, it became clearer and clearer to both himself and Ginny that that wasn't going to happen. Ginny grew annoyed with him, telling him if he just didn't think about it and applied for an Auror position like he wanted that his problems would all go away, but that was the problem to begin with. Harry couldn't find it in himself to care about finding work or applying for a job, but at the same time, when faced with the prospect, he knew he couldn't just apply for something he would hate. Then he'd never go anyway. It was when he'd had this realization that he'd suddenly become terrified. If he couldn't work, what was he going to do? Ginny couldn't do this all on her own and, while wizards tended to live off the Muggle grid, they still needed income of some sort. They had to buy groceries at Muggle stores and for that they still needed wizarding money to change to Muggle money at Gringotts for their grocery shopping. As they had to start living more and more frugally, Ginny became less and less patient with Harry's inability to work. She frequently tried to guilt him into it or explain to him that she couldn't be doing this all on her own and while Harry understood and agreed with her, he still couldn't figure out how to explain what was holding him back. The pressure became too much. Ginny's nagging, his own self-loathing, the realization there was something so broken in him he could not work. Finally, he couldn't take it anymore and he snapped. Harry left the flat one morning and wandered around Muggle London. On impulse, he stopped at the Leaky Cauldron and did something he'd never done before: he ordered a drink. He wasn't even sure what it was called. He hadn't really looked at the menu when he'd pointed the title out to Tom the bartender, but when he finished the first drink, he ordered another. And another. And another. Harry hadn't ever really been drunk before, but he decided very quickly that he liked the feeling. He vaguely wondered if wizarding alcohol was different from Muggle alcohol, but also decided quickly he didn't particularly care. He stayed at the Leaky Cauldron until the pub closed and then he went home. He didn't know if he could buy alcohol from Tom or if the Leaky Cauldron even sold alcohol you could take with you, but Harry was plenty drunk enough by the time Tom asked him politely to leave. Stumbling home, Harry didn't know what time it was. He knew it was dark out and he knew that it seemed to take him twice as long to get home as usual. When he flipped on the lights, Ginny was sitting there looking livid. When she saw the state he was in, her fury increased. "Do you have any idea what time it is?" she asked, sounding surprisingly calm despite how thinly pressed her lips were. Harry didn't answer. He couldn't see a clock anywhere. He felt it was pretty obvious he had no idea what the time was. However, he had the good sense not to say this. "It's almost midnight, Harry," Ginny said, sounding exasperated when he didn't answer her. "Midnight! I've been home, waiting for you, for six hours. And now that you're finally home, I find out you've been out getting drunk? What the hell else have you been doing?" Again, Harry didn't answer. He didn't know what to say. He didn't know how to explain himself. He didn't know how to tell Ginny that she didn't understand him without making her angrier. He didn't know how to get her to actually listen to him. He heard her yelling at him, but he didn't really register the words. He just felt his own fury and outrage and envy increase, until he shouted, "DO YOU REALLY THINK I LIKE BEING THIS WAY?!" He was so loud Ginny stopped speaking immediately. There was a crash as everything fell back to its surfaces. He'd made everything around him levitate for a moment. But he hardly noticed. He was shaking with fury now. "I NEVER ONCE IN MY LIFE THOUGHT THIS WOULD HAPPEN, GINNY!" he half screamed. "I THOUGHT I'D BE ABLE TO DO WHAT YOU DO! I THOUGHT I WOULD BE ABLE TO FORGET! BUT I CAN'T FORGET! AND YOU WON'T TALK ABOUT IT!" Ginny was silent, staring at him in shock, looking at him as though she were seeing him for the first time. Harry didn't notice the tears of frustrated rage trembling in his eyes. Not until they fell to the floor, clearing his blurred vision. He swiped angrily at his eyes, struggling to calm down. Once he finally had, he said what he knew he should have weeks ago when the idea first came to him. "I'm going on a trip. I don't know how long I'll be gone, but I need…I need to get away. I can't be here anymore." He didn't explain further, but Ginny didn't ask for any more of an explanation. He didn't know how she felt about it and, frankly, he didn't really care. For the past several months, she hadn't tried to understand what he was going through and, to be fair, he hadn't really tried to understand what she was going through either. But something had to change. They couldn't go on this way. And the only thing Harry could think to do was go on his trip. I don't know how long I'll be gone, but I need…I need to get away. That was true. He didn't know how long he'd be gone and he did need to get away. He couldn't sit here suffocating in a universe that didn't understand him. As Harry packed for his trip, shoving the tent he, Ron, and Hermione had used during their hunt for the Horcruxes into his rucksack along with his wand and a couple of books, he thought about Ginny and how different his feelings had been for her before the end of the war. Then, all he could think of was her. She was what kept him going through his search for the Horcruxes and it was her he'd wanted most to protect during the final battle at Hogwarts. But after the war, after Voldemort was dead, after the battle, something inside him changed. At first, he did still feel that way about Ginny. She was what he'd survived for and now he was going to experience a happy life with her. But when she'd suggested they move in together so quick and as their experience of living together became more and more dismal and toxic, his feelings for her dissipated. By the time he was packing for his trip, when he thought of Ginny, he didn't think of her as the love of his life as he once had. He thought of her as his little sister, someone he cared for, but didn't want to be with romantically. Not anymore. I don't know how long I'll be gone. Harry was slowly beginning to realize that even when he did come back, he wouldn't be coming back here. He cared more about Ginny than that. They both deserved someone who could love and understand them. It had taken him two years, but Harry had come to realize he no longer loved nor understood Ginny. It was time to move on. He left before the sun was up the next morning. He took his clothes and his things and was gone. There were a few things he left behind, but otherwise it appeared as though only one person lived in that flat. There was no indication that someone else had ever occupied the small space. Harry Apparated out of the city from an alleyway near the apartment complex to the outskirts of a small village that was just outside the Forest of Dean. It was the first place that came to his mind. He thought of the way the trees had sparkled with snow the last time he'd been there with Hermione and wondered how the forest would look with the trees topped in bright green. He wondered also how it would feel to be there alone. He was almost excited at the prospect. Harry had never been that alone. He'd always been within easy reach of other people, but that would change once he got into the forest. True, he could always Apparate to the village if he needed to see a human face, but for all intents and purposes, when he wasn't in the village, he would be well and truly alone. As he walked through the village, looking in the tiny shop windows and peering into pubs, wondering at stopping in before heading into the forest, he