I watch as the children gather to play in the square around the fountain of what used to be the Victor's Village. There is plenty of open space, and the grass is still green and lush from the spring rains. It is early summer and the weather is just right for being outside. The sun is shining, and there's a breeze to keep the heat from being too much. The children have formed groups, roughly by age. They don't all come from these houses, I'm not the only one that watches kids sometimes while their parents work, and given a choice, these houses are usually where kids end up playing, because of the size, the well kept outside area, and the people living here. All the houses have families in them now, after most of them sat empty for a long time. They were opened up to couples with young children a few years ago. At first, they were filled by people who had settled in the area immediately following the terrible time when so much was lost, but recently, a family moved in from what used to be District 1, coming here for opportunities as new things are happening. We are still growing 25 years after we all were forced to leave. Katniss and Peeta are still living in the house that had been his after the 74th Hunger Games. They are the ones that started the rebirth in the neighborhood by giving Katniss's old house to Rory and his wife Jan when their previous house had started feeling small after the birth of their second child. I'm not sure if Katniss ever entirely made peace with Gale, but Rory is one of the first people she made a connection with, once she emerged from the cocoon she and Peeta needed for their recovery. Katniss and Rory shared memories of Prim and a love for the woods. He has a gift for bridging then and now in a way that was comfortable to her. I'm one of the other people that they let in. Peeta and I had been good friends , almost like siblings, when we were young, and we reconnected in District 13, although the person I talked with there wasn't completely him. We became close again when he reopened the bakery. He helped arrange for Thom and me and our two kids to move to the house here in the Village. Katniss and I finally became real friends after that, when she had her first baby 7 years ago. Katniss has always been so self-sufficient, she could do absolutely anything on her own. She still can, but now she's sometimes willing to admit she doesn't have to. She lets Rory's wife Jan and me watch her kids while she goes to hunt, if Peeta is at the bakery. They also know that the children are safe here when they have to deal with some of the things that still come up for the two of them. The new couple, the Grandons, seem a little worried about Peeta and Katniss, though. Well, about Katniss. Everyone loves Peeta, the smiling baker who knows everyone's name, and always has a cookie for the kids. It takes a little longer for people to see how amazing Katniss is, but I can see how her behavior can look a bit strange to people that don't know her. One day, she'll be hovering over her children, not letting them go more than an arms length away while they play, and the next she'll drop them with me or Jan and head for the woods with her bow in hand. The forest isn't forbidden anymore, but it isn't really safe, either, and there aren't many people, and particularly many other women, that go in without a second thought. The Mellarks are my age, and Rory isn't far off. Most of the other parents are younger, but the Grandons seem more like kids to me, even though they have 3 children of their own. They are settling in well overall, and are making friends with the other young parents. It's amazing to me that they wouldn't remember losing friends and loved ones to the Hunger Games. I assume their families lost people to the war, but they don't have scars the same way so many of us do- physical and mental ones. The Mellarks have more than their share of both. The mental ones take the form of nightmares, and sometimes the screams from these can be heard all around the Village. When the Grandons (or anyone else) ask about these, all of us tell them the same thing: Nothing to worry about, it's just that life hasn't been easy for either of them. We never bring up who they used to be unless someone asks. The Grandon's still haven't. Katniss and Peeta have managed to stay out of the limelight since the 5th anniversary of the ending of the Hunger Games, almost 20 years ago. There was a woman that moved into the district a little while back who actually knocked on their door, looking for autographs. I don't know what Katniss said, but I haven't seen that woman back since. I'm glad that annoying pest doesn't live right here, although I'm sure she is nice enough. I just don't want my friends upset. Katniss has been even less willing to meet Beth and Jopha Grandon than she usually is with new people, since she's wishing Haymitch was still there in his old house. She really misses having him around, but this neighborhood became a little too lively for him. Today, Katniss left Rosemary and Sage with me while she went out hunting. I always watch them very closely, much more than I ever did my own children when they were that age. There isn't much trouble they could get into here, but it would destroy both Katniss and Peeta if anything happened to either of them. Now that she's returned, I let them out onto the green, where we can both watch them as they play. It's only very recently that she's been willing to let them do this without one of us immediately at hand. I suspect Peeta had something to do with the change. Katniss is cleaning the animals she brought back from today's hunting. I can't imagine doing any of that, and I'm grateful they just look like food when I get them from her. She's very generous with what she gets when she goes out, and all through the District, people appreciate the fresh meat, even if it is much more accessible from the butcher than it used to be. I notice a new game is forming, and I step out to listen to what's happening, to see if any redirection is needed. Katniss prefers games like tag. Good guys/bad guys puts her on edge, although Peeta, Rory and I have mostly convinced her that the roleplaying is healthy and that the action is safe. I'm not sure what Katniss can hear from where she is, so I'm trying to be extra aware of what is going on. Today, a new game is being suggested by 7 year old Jay Grandon, who is trying hard to get a place as a leader in the group. I hear "Let's play Hunger Games! We'll each pick a district and we can be tributes. I'll be the boy from District 1". I freeze. I have no idea what to do now. I hear a howl from across the way, and a wail of "NNNNNOOOOOOOO" as Katniss runs out of the house towards the children, grabbing her own and yelling incoherently at the other children, something about this not being a game. She smeared blood on herself in the rush to get out of the house. She still has the knife she's been using in her hand as she leaves the house, and she stabs it through her belt before reaching the group children. She looks like a crazy woman. I dash out, along with many of the other adults that are around. The group of younger kids doesn't need much encouragement run to their own homes. Some of them stop to cling to the parents that rushed out of the house, others just run straight inside. One of the older kids that had been playing a different game nearby takes off for the bakery to get Peeta, probably spreading the word a bit further than intended. I call to my kids, who have seen Peeta in distress, and hopefully are okay with handling this. I have them bring Rosemary and Sage into our house, where they often spend time when Katniss is otherwise occupied. Most of the other parents talk quietly to their children as they walk inside, calming them down, reassuring them that Mrs. Mellark will be fine. I put my arm around the now sobbing Katniss and talk to her quietly, bringing her into her house. I've never seen her in this sort of state before- she tends more towards depression and withdrawal when things get bad. I've been around Peeta during his flashbacks, and I've seen how Katniss had touches him and whispers to him, calming him down, so I figure that's the best approach to take here. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Beth Grandon gesturing wildly to her husband, who looks like he is getting worked up and upset. Peeta comes running, followed not far behind by other parents who have been at work in the town center. He makes straight for the house, asking me "Delly, what happened? Are the kids OK?" as he scoops Katniss into his arms and sits down on the sofa with her in his lap. I lean over and whisper that their two are at my house, and the new kid had suggested the children play Hunger Games. Peeta's muscles tense, but he nods firmly and directs his attention to Katniss. As I turn to head to the door, knowing I'm not needed here anymore, I let him know I'm going to go talk to the Grandons. Things don't seem to have settled down over there, so I approach the couple. "Hello Mr. and Mrs. Grandon. I'm sorry that you were upset by that scene. I want to reassure you the children were in no danger from Mrs. Mellark". Mrs. Grandon bursts out with "How can you say that? I don't want that crazy woman anywhere near my children again!" Mr. Grandon adds "We're considering calling the law and having her arrested". I respond with "I can understand why you would feel that way. Can we sit down and talk for a few minutes first, to help you see where I'm coming from when I say there is no need to do so?" The Grandons grudgingly let me inside, and into a well appointed living room that bears no resemblance to the squalor of the house as it had been under Haymitch. They leave the front door open. I start by asking what they knew about what had set off the incident. Mrs. Grandon answers "Jay suggested they play Hunger Games. I know they don't usually do that here, but it was one of the usual activities back at home. It's only a game!" "How old were you for the last Hunger Games? The real ones?" "We were both 4.". "I'm guessing you don't remember much about the Games or the Revolution, but you must have talked about them in school. Does the name Katniss Everdeen ring any bells for you?" The looks on their faces told me the name was familiar, but that neither of them really had paid that much attention in school. "The Mockingjay?" Realization hit both of their faces at once. "Her?" "Are you trying to tell us SHE was the Mockingjay?" "Yes. Now, dig a little deeper in your memories. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark, the star-crossed lovers from District 12 in