DISCLAIMER: While I would never want to claim ownership of the Twilight series, I still have to put this pesky little disclaimer up to satisfy certain people. I do NOT own anything you may recognize. That includes, but is not limited to, Jacob Black and the rest of the La Push wolf pack, the Cullens or any other vampire assosciated with the Twilight franchise (i.e. the Denali Clan, the Volturi, ect.). The OCs that appear in this story ARE mine and, while I won't necessarily be able to legally do anything if you steal them, I'd be very much appreciative if you didn't. I'd really hate to bust out the Big Black Book of Curses. Annnnd that's the end of this disclaimer. Enjoy this Magically Awkward story. Also have a Happy 4th of July for those that celebrate it. Rated T for language, sexual innuendos and humor, and extreme teenage awkwardness. You have been forewarned. Beta'd by Molly Grace 16 When Mo Tanner woke up at five in the morning to let the small horse she referred to as a dog and her mother's demonic dustbunny out back to do their business, the last thing she expected was to see a naked person sprawled out on the ground near the treeline that formed a back fence for her backyard. She stood on the back porch, completely frozen, and gawked. She was pretty sure she'd need a crane to pick her jaw up off the ground and an ophthalmologist to return her eyes to their normal size. The incessant and high-pitched yipping of her mother's teacup Pomeranian, Fezzik, finally snapped Mo out of her daze and her eyes, if possible, widened even more. "No, don't pee on the strange naked person, you stupid satanic ball of fur!" She leapt off the wraparound porch, her barefeet slipping slightly on the dew-slick grass as she ran towards the fluff ball. Unfortunately, Mo had the coordination of a dumb, blind baby duck. Her ankles somehow tangled together and she crashed to the ground with a yelp, sliding a few inches across the moist grass. Unperturbed by his owner's graceless offspring, Fezzik lifted one furry hind leg and proceeded to pee on the human that had dared invade his territory. Mo groaned and hung her head, bumping it a few times against the ground. Her own dog, a Newfoundland that stood at the mindboggling height of forty inches at the shoulder and had the dubious name of Sprite, meandered towards the young woman and snuffed at her hair curiously. Mo lifted her head and blew a strand of ditch-water blonde hair out of her eyes, giving the beast of a canine the stink eye. "And where were you when that midget monster was debasing the naked dude in the yard, huh?" Sprite sat down heavily on his haunches and cocked his head, his pink tongue lolling out of his mouth, and didn't answer. Mo huffed. Typical. "Where is the micro-demon anyway?" The young woman muttered as she pushed herself to her feet and looked around for the black Pomeranian. She spotted the little beast a few feet away, happily impersonating a hose and spraying the nearby trees. Apparently he was no longer interested in the unconscious and clothesless interloper now that he'd established his supreme dominance over him via urination. Once that was finished, he pranced passed said interloper, Mo, and Sprite, heading back towards the porch and into the house through the open backdoor. Shaking her head, Mo carefully shuffled across the last few feet of grass that laid between her and her yard's unexpected guest, Sprite lumbering after her. As soon as she was a foot away, she blanched then flushed bright red and spun around, clapping her hands over her eyes. The hope that her peculiar guest was at least wearing underwear was completely dashed, as were any disillusions she had about the anatomy of the male species. "Alright, so he's naked as a jaybird. That's okay, you can deal with it." Mo muttered to herself and took a several deep breaths. She turned back towards the nude guy and immediately did an about-face a moment later. "Nope, nevermind, can't do it. Not. Bloody. Happening." Beside her, Sprite whined and licked her hand encouragingly. Well, at least she had the dog's support. Mentally preparing herself as best she could, Mo did a complete one-eighty and cringed, a blush working its way up her chest to the tips of her ears. The guy was still unconscious and Mo thanked the universe for small favors as she took a moment to scrutinize him. Seeing as how he was sprawled out on his back, it wasn't that hard to see everything, but she kept her eyes on his face for anyway. She didn't need to impersonate a ridiculous anime character and knock herself out with nasal hemorrhage. From what she could tell, he would be freakishly tall if he was upright and despite being covered in dirt and other unidentifiable things, he had beautiful russet skin. It seemed a little pallid to Mo but it could have been the early morning light. His features were handsome with high cheekbones, deep set eyes of an unknown color and thick crow-black hair, cut short and shaggy, his mouth slightly wide with full lips, and his chin had a vague roundness to it. His body suggested that he was in his early to mid-twenties, thick, toned, and ridiculously muscular. His biceps alone were as thick as one of Mo's thighs. And as the girl who'd been known as 'Thunder Thighs Tanner' for most of high school, that was nothing to sneeze at. Mo shook those perturbing thoughts from her head and returned to her inspection. If it wasn't for the slight roundness of his chin and the fact that his shoulders, while ridiculously broad, lacked the definition of a man fully grown she'd say he was definitely anywhere from twenty-three to twenty-five. Crouching on her heels beside the unconscious man, Mo glanced towards his feet, making sure to avoid staring at the undeniable evidence of his manliness. His feet were filthy, grass-stained and covered in mud, just like the rest of him. He looked like he'd spent the past week roughing it in the forest. She looked over at Sprite and said as much to the large canine. He licked her cheek in reply, leaving a wet streak of dog spit behind to show his adoration. Thanks, big guy, love you too. Mo wiped the dog slobber from her face with the bottom of the oversized Missoula Maulers sweatshirt that had once belonged to her father. She took a moment to look at the unconscious guy then reached out and poked his cheek with a long finger. No reaction. Huh. "Hey." She said loudly and she poked his face again. "Hey, Naked Guy, wake up." Still no reaction. Not even a twitch. Well alrighty then, time to take drastic measures it seemed. Mo turned towards Sprite and pointed towards the treeline a few feet away, "Stick." The Newfoundland lumbered to his feet, shambled over to the trees, picked up a random stick off the ground with his mouth, shambled back over, and dropped the stick in front of Mo. He sat beside her again and she patted his massive head. "Good boy." Mo picked up the stick and looked it over critically. About as long as her forearm, as thick as her wrist and sprouting several leaves and thin twigs, it was more of a small branch really. One end looked as if it had been broken off whatever tree it had been attached to while the other was narrow and had a blunted tip. Perfect. She looked back at Naked Guy, "Alright, I'm going to poke you with this stick, so don't kill me if you wake up." She stared at him hopefully then sighed when he remained studiously unresponsive. Guess she got to poke him with a stick. Yay. She just hoped he didn't suddenly wake up and attack her like a grizzly. "Don't say I didn't warn you." She told the guy then poked his cheek with the narrow end, flinching back and closing her eyes in preparation. A second passed. Five. Ten. Twenty. Well, if he was gonna attack her, he'd have done it by now. Mo opened her eyes slowly and peered at the man. Nothing. Not even a twitch. Damn. Wait, maybe he was dead? She rocked back on her heels and eyed him worriedly, sighing in relief when she saw the minute rise and fall of his broad chest. Not dead, thank God. Now she just had to figure out what the hell to do with him. "What does one do with a random, strange naked man in one's yard?" Mo wondered aloud with a thoughtful frown. She addressed Sprite. "Maybe I should get Mom? Wait, no, he's fit and naked, she might actually have an apoplexy if she saw this dude. Damn, what to do, what to do?" The dog just looked at her with his pink tongue hanging out of his mouth and a dopey expression on his mug. Mo shook her head, "No, I am not going to use magic, I might accidently blow him up. You are completely useless, you know that? Oh hey, maybe I could get dad's old mechanics creeper? Nah, that wouldn't work. This guy's freaking huge. He probably outweighs your big furry butt." Sprite barked, the noise deep and loud in the early morning silence. Apparently, he took offense to her comment about his backside. A dog with body issues. Oy. " Shhh , seriously dude? Are you trying to wake up the guests? Sorry I insulted your butt, but you have to admit it puts Kim Kardashian's to shame." "Who are you talking to?" "I'm talking to you, Sprite, who do you thin-" Wait a second, Sprite can't talk, no matter how often she tried to teach him. Realization hit Mo like a ton of bricks. There was only one other person in the yard with her. Guess the naked Sleeping Beauty impersonator had decided to stop acting and he heard her talking to her dog. Awesome, just freaking awesome. Closing her eyes tightly, she slowly turned her head towards the unconscious naked guy. Mo opened her eyes and fell onto her butt gracelessly, her mind screeching to a completely halt while the world disappeared around her until it was just her and the man sprawled out in front of her. Tired and impossibly sad dark brown eyes stared back her from a criminal handsome face. Those dark eyes widened and he stared up at her with a thunderstruck expression. She gawked back at him, pretty sure her mouth was hanging open in a highly unattractive manner, but lacking the cognitive ability to do anything about it. The guy lifted his arm and his long, thick fingers brushed against her cheek gently, as if she was made of porcelain. Mo just sat beside him, utterly frozen, and stared at him with wide eyes. A warm feeling blossomed in her chest and flowed through her veins until she felt it from the top of her head and all the way down to her toes. "Beautiful..." He mumbled, stunning the young woman even further. Then his eyes rolled up into the back of his head and he went completely limp. Mo gaped at his unconscious form for several seconds then threw her hands in the air and tilted her head back, glaring accusingly up at the morning sky. "Oh come on! Are you freaking serious?! Your humor still sucks!" After cursing at the sky for a good ten minutes, Mo turned back towards the unconscious guy on her lawn and gave him the evil eye. She didn't care if he made her feel all warm and fuzzy for a few moments, he was seriously ruining her morning. She paced beside the comatose and naked