A pressing matter I don't own any of these characters they are the property of JK Rowling. After Hermione here's about a person on staff at Hogwarts that discreetly helps young ladies hard pressed for a rutting, she decides to finally rid her self of her virginity, but is completely surprised who it is. Will she go through with it? A/N: Just wanted to mention that Hermione is of age. I know it's not cannon. But I really wanted to do this very "inappropriate" encounter. The characters maybe a little OOC and I'm sure people might be unhappy with the idea of Severus "preying" on students. But I have my reasons for this. In the form of another chapter if there is enough of interest. Xoxoxoxo Hermione was hiding in the quiet stacks of the library trying to enjoy some uninterrupted reading time. Upon returning to Hogwarts after the war to finish her seventh year, she had been met with people constantly following her praising her as a hero. She didn't care for the praise and really just wanted to take her N.E. and get on with her life. So whenever she could find a quiet moment she would take it. However this quiet moment was interrupted by two gossiping Slytherins. An olive skinned one and strawberry blond haired one. "Were the rumors true?" The darker skinned one asked. The blond nodded "Yes, it was just what we heard from that Ravenclaw. He was very discreet." "He didn't hurt you, did he?" The dark skinned one asked with special emphasis on the word hurt. "No. Actually considering who he is, I expected him to. But it wasn't at all a terrible experience." The blond blushed a bit. "Would he see you again?" "He said he would entertain a repeat meeting so as long as my marks were still good and I didn't get him trouble. And since I did enjoy myself I wouldn't want to get him trouble." "Tell me what happened, Aggie." The dark skinned one really was interested. Aggie, she remembered the blond from one of her classes Agatha. And if she remembered correctly her friend's name was Marley. "Well just like Nina said. I went to his office and said what she said to say and he sized me up and invited me in." Office? She thought. That means it was a professor or someone of authority. She normally didn't eavesdrop like this. But her curiosity was piqued, since she was very interested in the subject matter. With her growing popularity she wasn't getting the offers she was looking for. She wasn't really interested in a relationship with a guy who was looking to gain spill over publicity or someone to cherish the ground she walked on. Because she knew for a fact that she wasn't any one special, just someone who managed to survive. No she was looking to rid her self of her virginity and hopeful he would know what he was doing to make sure she enjoyed the act. Marley's voice broke her away from her thoughts "Did you guys do it in his office?" "Yeah. But he made things comfortable. It wasn't romantic or anything. But I got off" she blushed beet red "and so did he." She thought this was what she was looking for. But was afraid that whoever it was would turn her away. But she wanted to do this. So she gathered her things and went to see if she could locate the Ravenclaw gal named Nina. Xoxoxo She knew Nina not by association, mostly her reputation. She had her lip pierced and she often got in trouble for wearing the ring in class. She also knew she was one of the girls who was fancied a cig. So she went down to where she knew the students who didn't wanted to get caught would often frequent. She entered the old dilapidated greenhouse. She walked in with confidence, not wanting to stand out too much. But it didn't matter, she was given many odd stares. She found Nina standing alone near the rear entrance. She notices Hermione right away and her bee line coming straight for her. "Since when des da princess of Gryffinder start enjoyin fags?" Nina said with a thick accent she wasn't sure she could place. Hermione kept her voice low "That's not why I'm here. I actually wanted to talk to you about something else. A rumor I heard from Agatha of Slytherin." Nina's jaw dropped hard. "Thart stupid bitch. I told her ta keep her gob shut..." Sensing she was thinking Hermione was going to rat the guy out. She interrupts her "You misunderstand. I'm um interested." Nina sizes Hermione up. She lightly giggles "I know ya Gryffinders think ya are all so brave. But I don't think ya'll want to try yar hand wit him." "Can you leave that judgement to me? How do I go about this?" Nina laughs with mirth "It's yar funeral. But here's what ya need ta know. Ya will need to go to his office. Preferably on Friday or Saturday evenin , after dinner. So not conflict wit mornin classes." She takes a long pull from her cigarette and continues after she puffs out the smoke. The smell making Hermione a little ill. "Ya'll knock and wait fer him to answer. When he does, ya gotta say da phrase 'I've come to ask ya for yar assistance wit a pressing matter' he'll size ya up and if he finds yar offer appealin he will invite ya in. But if denies it, then thart's it. He says 'no' more than he says 'yes'. Possibly lookin to find those who won't make trouble fer him. Not quite sure what his criteria is, though." Hermione nibbled her lip try to concentrate "Where is his office?" Nina laughs again nearly choking on the smoke in her lungs "Aren't ya more concerned wit who he is?" "Not really." Nina couldn't control herself any more. After she stops laughing again "Ok Gryffinder I will show which door to knock on. And leave ya to decide if ya can knock on it this weekend or next or wheneve." She put out her cigarette in one of the cracked planters which was filled with other cigarette butts. She lead her back into the castle and down toward the dungeons. Hermione's heart started to beat so loud she thought Nina could hear it. They were no more than half way there before Hermione stopped, knowing exactly where she was being lead. Apprehension and fear broke out in her gut. She knew whose door she needed to knock on, and didn't really know if she could do it after all. Nina noticed Hermione stopped and looked at her. "I told ya, this ain't fer da feint of heart. But if ya want someone who knows what he is doin and ya won't rat him out. It will be a good time. That is if he wants ya. Since I trust ya know where ya goin, then I'll leave ya to think it through. But I will leave ya wit this final thought. He is very very good. I know from personal experience." She winks and walks back up the stairs. Hermione was battling with herself. She had told herself earlier that she didn't care who it was, she just wanted a real man to take care of her. But this was a major wrench in the works. There was a lot of history between the two of them, and she wondered if she could trust herself to enjoy it; with him. Xoxoxoxo Hermione spent the next three days thinking it over. She weighed the pros and cons. The biggest con being he will hear her request and slam the door in her face. She wasn't sure if she could handle that level of rejection. Her pro and con list was weighing heavier on the pro side. And while she mulled over her decision she still had to attend his classes. She found herself getting lost in fantasies; while she tried to make it look less obvious that she was distracted, it didn't help that the man snarking at her was the very star of those fantasies. She was wound up so tightly that she felt like her stomach was going to snap like a over stretched rubber band. Friday night after eating very little at mealtime, she waited for him to leave the head table and she started her descent to his office but even before she got to the hallway closes to the door. She chickened out and ran back to her room. She tried again Saturday. She spent the whole day working on her nerves. She figured if he said no then at least she tried. She put her Gryffindor bravery up and slyly walked toward the door. She waited a moment to timidly knock. It seemed like an eternity before the door opened and she was face to face with him. His dark form tower over her. She swallowed hard "Granger." He stated, but there may have been a bit of questioning in his tone. Not wanting to sound unsure or scared she replied "Professor, I have come to ask you for your assistance with a pressing matter." She all but almost whispered the last part. She looked down then up to see actual shock in his eyes. He definitely was conflicted. Since the hallways was empty and free of roaming ghosts he took the moment to think this through. He had seen many young ladies try and ask for his special services. But never would have ever thought she of all people would show up. He couldn't say he wasn't intrigued. Thinking over her assets, He did notice that she was easy to look at, especially since during the war she lost so much weight but has filled out nicely now. She was smart enough to know what they were getting into. But he was confused as to why she would choose this route for herself. She started to shuffle a bit under his scrutiny. He normally would say yes or no and move on. But he felt compelled to ask. "You do know what you are asking?" She nods and answers "yes." She stares up into his eyes so he knew she was serious. "I wish to learn from a someone who knows what he is doing." He was completely taken aback that this was happening, but he steps aside and let's her in the office. She blushes thinking 'I don't know why he accepted. But glad he did' he stops her and gives her his best withering stare "You come her willing to learn, fine. But what happens In here stays in here. Are we clear?" She nods "I would prefer verbal answers. You are so vocal when you shouldn't, but now a cat has your tongue." She struggled to decide how to respond when he says "you're a virgin." It wasn't a question, he was just stating the obvious. "Yes I am. So I am a bit nervous. But I came here knowing what I wanted and wasn't put off by the knowledge it was you. I actually thought you would slam the door in my face." He sighed and rubbed his hand over his face. He didn't mind virgins. They just take longer to get things going. He wondered if she would be just as vocal in the throes of passion. The thought making his member twitch. It took a moment for him to figure how he wanted to handle tonight's events. The only thing he kept thinking was he wanted her to beg for everything. Put that loose tongue to work. He looked at her with an evil smirk and said "Beg." He got the exact reaction he was hoping for. Her brown eyes grew as wide as saucers. He didn't want to debase her, just see her squirm.