Disclaimer: This is all for fun, I do not claim ownership of the characters or anything recognized from the work of JK Rowling. I am only borrowing them. Warning: Mature themes, subject to change: mild violence, scenes of a sexual nature as well as general innuendo smattered throughout, adult themes including but not limited to death and disease both mental and physical. [A/N] – This is my first submission to fanfiction dot net, and I will most likely be taking my time with the posts. I have read many stories over the last year since getting back into fan fiction so if you recognize anything please let me know so I may request permission from that party. For example, the lovely mak5258 created the use of hair grease in Potions making and was such a great idea I requested to use it as well. I strongly recommending reading hers as well as several other author's stories found in my favorites section at my profile. Playlist: Incubus – Promises, Promises | Tegan and Sara – I Won't be Left | Harvey Danger – Flagpole Sitta Tuesday July 12th, 2005 | 7:46am | St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries Not many persons gifted with magic would choose to take the stairs over the lifts throughout St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. Hermione felt the methodical repetition of walking up the flights of stairs to the fourth level to be her own form of meditation. It helped that it brought back fond memories of her time at Hogwarts, and she often caught herself almost missing the thrill of the staircase beginning to move beneath her, the adrenaline rush as she would quicken her pace, and just make it to her next class. The last time a Hogwarts staircase moved beneath her feet was four years ago, long before she started her monthly visits to the Spell Damage ward. "Good morning, Miss Granger!" called Healer Lisa Turpin behind the main desk on the fourth floor. "You're here early this month." "Hello, Lisa." Hermione smiled at her old schoolmate. "My regular appointment was interfering with Healer Horner's plans for her wedding vows so I felt it best to accommodate her." Lisa laughed quietly and glanced around, making sure she was not in earshot of her coworker. "She's been a right nightmare, hasn't she?" A sly smile quirked at the corner of Hermione's lips. "I would expect nothing short of perfection from the wedding between Percy Weasley and Audrey Horner. Pureblooded traditions are incredibly demanding, when done to the letter. The Undersecretary of the Minister for Magic, and the Assistant to the Head Healer in Spell Damage both have certain…obligations to uphold, wouldn't you say?" "If this is your way of justifying why I will be forced into those hideous dress robes, instead of a halfway pleasant dress, you're lousy at commiserating!" Lisa laughed again to herself and handed a large folder to Hermione along with a self-inking quill. "At least she was smart in choosing 'Ministry Blue' instead of the god awful maroon she considered before that." Hermione took the folder with murmured gratitude. As she started on the form, she wandered over to the desk to sit with the mediwitch in the free chair. "Your coloring would go well with either set of robes, Lisa. Are you sure your house loyalties aren't speaking for you?" Lisa tucked her dark blonde fringe away from her eyes, where a few strands regularly escaped her standard Healer's bun, knotted at the base of her neck. "Do you honestly believe me to be that petty, Hermione?" The feigned aloofness in her voice made Hermione snort in humor over her comment, which made Lisa smile and continue. "Honestly, at this point I wouldn't care if I were forced to wear Slytherin green to get the ceremony over with. Hannah, of course, has been much calmer about the whole situation, but I feel as though I wouldn't survive through another robe fitting or practice dinner before Saturday." Hermione signed her name on the bottom of the admittance form, then tapped it with her wand to dry the ink; she handed the documents over to Lisa for further inspection. Lisa glanced to make sure all the necessary portions were complete, before she sealed the document with a wave of her own wand. The light-hearted wedding conversation was all but forgotten, as she took Hermione's right arm in her hands and conjured her hospital marker, destined to remain on her wrist for the remainder of her stay. "Is this the new band from Derwent Designs?" Hermione asked, absentmindedly, as it magically adjusted itself to the size of her wrist. A soft blue glow emitted from the band immediately. The runes for her pulse, temperature, and magical signature appeared along the outside. It wasn't quite as wide as three of her fingers, but was much smaller and more lightweight than the first cuff she wore seven months ago, the first time the hospital used them at all. "The latest," said a new voice, as the Assistant to the Head Healer blazed around the corner towards the mediwitch desk. She stuck out her right hand which Hermione took and shook with a friendly smile. "Thank you for your appointment accommodation, Miss Granger. I feared that we would miss the window for the next procedure if we delayed it much past this Saturday." Hermione waved a dismissive hand, after she bade Lisa a good morning, and followed Healer Horner down the hall. "It was hardly an accommodation, Healer Horner. My supervisors were more than understanding that I would need a few days off during the week and can certainly handle my absence." "How are the University classes going?" Healer Horner paused in her determined march down the corridor to hold the door open for Hermione into their scheduled room for this session. She walked into the room in front of the Healer, starting to unbuttoned the flannel she wore. "Well, all things considered. The remedial classes were somewhat insulting, but Muggles have no record of my O.W.L. and N.E.W.T. scores, so they needed to be sure of my academic level. Thankfully my graduation date is planned for the end of next month." Bringing out a silver tray from the cupboard in the corner, Healer Horner chuckled. "Congratulations, but I can't say I understand why you feel as though you have to put yourself through the paces like that anyway. I daresay you know more medical theory than many Healers in this hospital, as well as practical application." Another dismissive hand wave from the curly haired witch, her flannel now hanging on the rack near the door. She settled herself into the chair-like bed that reminded her distinctly of the chairs her parent's had in their dental practice. However, the restraining straps were a marked difference. "I find it helpful to learn about the Muggle way of doing things. Magic is a powerful thing but it hasn't solved everything, has it?" A heavy silence followed her comment, as the Healer continued to pull out items from the cupboards above her, and inspected the labels for the potions inside. A small sigh escaped Healer Horner's lips as she turned to her patient, making a mental note, at least this time, she didn't seem as bitter as the last time this conversation had creeped in on them. She would make a point to look at her admission chart once she was under to see where she was with her other appointments, including her Nutritionist and Mind Healer. "Nothing new today, Miss Granger," Healer Horner said as she brought the floating tray of bottles and shining instruments next to Hermione. She started to secure the restraining belts around her legs as Hermione finished braiding her hair to the right side of her head. "The trial team wishes me to remind you: this is the sixth of seven administrations of this treatment of DMB 4.6. Have you eaten in the last 12 hours, or had any other potions during that time?" "No food, but I did take a Headache Draught when I woke up, around six thirty." Marking the form floating by her shoulder, the Healer made no verbal comment, simply waiting. Her patience was rewarded with a sigh from the half-restrained witch. "I also took half a dose of CNF 3.5. It worked much more efficiently than the other script for Sobrius Serum. And before you ask, I brewed it myself, thank you very much." Audrey ignored the defensive tone and the implications behind it, for now. She presented the tray again to her patient, carrying three very different sized potions. "Then, you may begin with the smallest bottle, the one with the green label. Then, in 2 minutes drink the yellow bottle. I will administer the potion in the black bottle in three hours' time." After the tiny green bottle's contents were drained completely, Healer Horner filled the next two minutes with casting a few diagnostic spells, and watching as a parchment on the wall filled with runes supplied by the cuff on Hermione's wrist. The tool was still emitting a cheerful sky blue. Right as the hand on the clock passed the two minute mark, Hermione unstoppered the yellow vial, and downed it all in one gulp. She grimaced as it burned down her throat like Firewhiskey. It tasted more like the bile she would choke up the mornings after she had indulged in too much Ogden's. Her limbs started to shake not a second after she felt the potion hit her stomach. Her Healer quickly finished the job of strapping her down to the cushioned bench, her forearms facing up. The last belt on the bed went around her forehead. Her jaw clenched tight against her chattering teeth, but she relaxed slightly when the cool fingers of her Healer gripped her jaw, and put the mouth guard between her teeth to avoid cracking them, like she had done in the past. Ever since she had taken the stopper out of the yellow vial, her eyes were shut as tightly as possible; she knew with this treatment, if she were to open her eyes, it would make the burn starting low in her belly mutate into an inferno. What started as tremors became restrained thrashing beneath the magically enforced cords. Healer Horner watched as the sky blue band started to flash yellow and red runes and the scripting appearing on the nearby wall doubled in rapidity. A few quick waves of her wand and she said, "Alright Hermione, let go." Silencing charms protected the other members of the Spell Damage floor from the earsplitting wail from Lab 7C. Tuesday July 12th, 2005 | 4:25pm | St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries "…since the fifth session of DMB 1.8, and that was nearly two years ago. I don't know why Callista doesn't insist." "According to the notes, she does, but, since the treatments are time sensitive, we can't exactly demand another person's presence when she's here for the next dose. Callista and Audrey had a spectacular row about it a few months ago, but if she doesn't want anyone here, we can't force her." "It's just…she's the only one that comes in here alone. And she's the youngest besides that other boy." A rustling sound to Hermione's left brought her closer to the surface of reality. She sensed more than felt a clean wrapping of gauze going around her forearm from wrist to elbow. It felt like a numb dead weight next to her. Instead of acknowledging the smell of the healing salve, or the light from the window beside her bed, she opted to fall back behind her Occluding walls. She was not allowed to bring them up before or during her treatment, but it was determined, after she reawakened her Occlusion would not interfere with the effects of DMB 4.6. It hadn't been possible all the way up through version