This is a third Everlark Drabble Challenge fulfillment that became a short one-shot. The prompt was for "Time Travel Everlark" and was given to me by Titania522. However, I kind of took that and put my own twist on it…T, I hope you'll forgive me :) On that note, this piece is very different from anything I've written before, but I can honestly say it's among my favorites that I've written. The first section is a little sad, but please keep on reading… I always keep my promise of a happy ending. This will also be posted to my FFF and AO3 accounts. Thank you so much to my lovely betas (ct522, Peetabreadgirl, Solas Violetta) for all your hard work. For the first section, my dear friend and beta Solas Violetta recommends "Death is the Road to Awe" by Clint Mansell "It's ok, Mom. It's ok. We love you, and it's ok if you need to let go," my son murmurs softly to me, his body rigid and face stoic, though his grey eyes tell a different story. His sister, on the other hand, doesn't even try to hide her sorrow, and tears flow openly from her blue eyes. But that's not really surprising to me. She's so much like her papa. My precious children, who have lived...and will continue to live...fully healthy lives in a world I helped make free. Or, so they say. My dear children, whom, along with their father, reminded me that life could be good again, even in the face of great darkness from without and from within. My poor children, who lost their daddy just a few days ago and will soon lose their mother, too. But I am not what they need. They have their husbands and wives and children. They have their friends, and their politics. My daughter has her patients, and my son has the bakery. And they both have the woods. Perhaps, at one point, I was what they needed, their daddy and I, but they are all grown-up now. I did my best, and they have been extraordinarily loved. I am so proud of them. I believe they know that. And I will miss them, and will be waiting for them when it is their time to fly. They know that, too. But the one I need is not here anymore. It is time for me to go and find him. XXXXX The gentle breeze sweeping into the bedroom through the open window wakes me from my slumber. I open my eyes slowly and watch the sunlight stream in through the glass panes. Colors of blue and purple, green and yellow, red and orange dance around the room as the beams catch on the prism that hangs over one windowsill. So lovely. I know one who would commit this image to memory, and then paint the scene with watercolor and oil. His eye for beauty is beyond compare, though he wouldn't ever call that talent a weakness. Except when it came to me. That's at least what he told me once. I never quite understood that. I am not beautiful, though once I'd called myself radiant. But in his eyes, I always have been and always will be, no matter how many scars and cracks I obtain. Perhaps, that is one of the reasons I love him. I know this is not the place I will find the one I need, so I rise from the bed. I find some grey boots, a simple blue dress, and a worn brown leather hunting jacket to wear. The dress is thread bare but clean, meticulously cared for by a mother in preparation for it to be worn by her daughter on a horrible day. The fabric should smell of grief and ash and regret, as it always has. But instead, when I inhale, its scent is just one of plain handmade soap, and the perfume a miner gave to his wife on their wedding day. I race down the stairs, intending to rush out the door, but another scent stops me in my tracks. I spin around and race towards the kitchen. The smell of baking dough and melted cheese surrounds me, and memories of countless days spent preparing meals in this house with a blond-haired man, sometimes with sorrow, sometimes with laughter, always with love, flood my mind. Maybe this is the place I will find the one I need. But the kitchen is empty. The counters are wiped down. The dishes are all dried. The pots and pans have been put away. The jars of flour and sugar are filled to the brim, as though waiting to be put to good use. Only the smell lingers. My stomach sinks for a second and disappointment crowds my heart, but the breeze comes in again through another open window. I feel it beckoning me, calling me out to the world. It will help me find the one I need. I spin on my heels and walk out the door. XXXXX The walk down from Victor's Village to the town square takes less time than I remember, though admittedly, it has been several years since I have made this journey on foot. I think I could have, but I did not wish to make my husband feel worse when walking more than a short distance on his prosthetic became too much to handle. I remember the day he informed me that he could no longer accompany me to visit our children and grandchildren in their homes beyond the square. When he told me, the pain and sorrow reflected in his blue eyes, still bright after so many years, felt like an echo of days long past, when more horrible things haunted our every step. Upon hearing that, I declared that I, too, had found the walk too tiring to complete anymore anyways and that our family would just always have to come to us from now on. I don't think he believed me. I was never a skilled liar, not the way he once was required to be, but he did not question me. We have done everything together since we were 16. In nearly seventy years of marriage, that never changed. I walk into the square and stand in the middle, realizing as I look around that this is not the new District 12. The one built after the war. The one that is shiny and well-kept, bustling with mothers pushing baby carriages, children laughing on their way to school, and fathers stopping into the bakery to grab a newspaper, a pastry, and some coffee before heading to work. The one where most of the inhabitants have never known starvation or oppression, where The Hunger Games are just a history lesson. No, this place is not that District 12. This is one that was buried under smoke and ash, the one that burned. A Mockingjay's desperate act of defiance...and love...was the catalyst for that heinous act of destruction. It possibly might have happened regardless of her actions, but that Mockingjay still carried her people with her, those saved, and those lost, all the days of her life. I stare hard at the ground. If this were the new District 12, a glittering memorial would stand here, immortalizing the names of all those who were sacrificed to the Hunger Games. But then, I realize, this is not exactly like the District 12 of my youth either. If it were, a whipping post would be here, and there is no sign of it now. On my bad days, the cries of the handsome boy who was once chained to that ugly instrument of torture often creep into my thoughts. Mourning. Anguish. Agony. That is what that boy brought down on me. But it was not all his fault. He bore some of the responsibility, but he was not the only one. I destroyed the ones most at fault. I still do not know if it was the right thing to do. But I do not wish to think about the evil dead anymore. Something tells me they do not matter. Not in this place. And I remind myself there was good even with that boy, too. Days spent in the woods. Practicing with our bows. Making snares. Ensuring that we and our families survived. Laughter. Even a bit of love. But he is not the one I need. The wind blows again, whipping my braid upwards as though directing me to look around, and for the first time, I realize there is no coal dust in the air. I can see the Capitol Coal cars are empty rather than piled high with the labors of the men of District 12. There are no horns harshly demanding that everything must be loaded within a few minutes. No loud whistles shriek from the coal yards, announcing the shift changes. All the buildings in the square look worn, but they are clean and whole. There are no guard towers, and no large television screens. And in front of the Justice Building, two glass bowls sit on wooden stands side by side. There is nothing in them. I feel my heart lift looking at those abandoned urns, and suddenly, I hear the sound of mockingjays ring in the silence. They sing a familiar, sweet, four-note melody I once used to signal to a little girl on a day that would become covered in blood. But this time, their song does not bring me to grief. Like the wind, they seem to be coaxing me onward, assuring me that my odyssey will soon come to an end. "Take me to the one I need," I whisper into the stillness. I continue down the dusty road. XXXXX I walk along the gravel pathway that I know will bring me to the Seam, noticing that I now see the forest that borders District 12. It rises along the rolling hills, covering the earth in a soft green blanket, straight up to the mountain peaks far beyond. I know those woods. At first, they were a secret, my father's and mine. A place where laughter and song could still be had, where I could forget the woes of our world, even if just for a short time. Then, when my father's soul fled that plain, taking his song with him, the woods became my refuge and strength. They sustained me through my long twilight, before I was called to stand, before the games. And afterwards, too, when the world was breaking, when it soaked up the blood of thousands upon thousands, a devastating offering to the gods of war. That was before I found the one I needed. I pause before a lonely storefront. It looks familiar to me, though still a little different from the bakery I remember. The worn-looking sign with peeling blue letters that hangs above the entrance is the same, along with the cracked and creaking, yellowed, wooden boards of which the building is constructed. I can see the white caulk stuffed into holes in some places, the sign of a desperate attempt to keep the wind out on cold winter days. So, too, the beautifully frosted cakes on display behind the polished glass window, are the same, and I can almost see a little girl with two blonde braids and a longing expression on her face, her body pressed against the pane to get a better look at the things she could never have. The air that surrounds the structure is filled with the smell of slightly burnt bread, a rarity during this place's heyday. Only once, in fact. I walk around the building to the small backyard to study the trash bins. They are empty, and so is the pig pen. And while the scent of the scorched roll still fills my nose, I do not find any bread on the ground. I suddenly notice the sky is a clear cloudless blue, not unlike the