Author's Note: The start of a new WIP! I didn't intend to start a new one so soon, but the story bug for this one just kind of hit me, and Chapter 1 is the result! For anyone worried that because I'm starting this one, I will neglect my others, please don't. I love writing in all my worlds and have no intention to stop :) This story is modern AU and if you're wondering what the Panem of this new universe looks like, it's modeled after the Hamptons. Just to give you a visual. A big thank you goes to Solas Violetta for her awesome beta-ing skills, Titania522 for her always wonderful support, and nightlockinthecave for the banner she's making for me for this story (that will be posted shortly). Last note, there will be some minor Galeniss in this story, but please be assured that Everlark will always be end game in my stories…And that the endings to them will always be happy, even if the journey gets rough sometimes along the way. Hope you enjoy, reviews are welcome, and thanks for reading! Katniss Katniss sighed loudly and glanced at the clock for fourth time in five minutes, her knee jiggling impatiently against the counter. 11:55 Almost there. She looked around the store, scowling at the doily covered tables and poufy pink and green chairs scattered about the shop, Effie's words from when she'd walked into work trilling in her head. " Oh Katniss, darling! Today is going to be a big, big cleaning day! I'll be closing the shop early tonight so that we can get everything done. It'll be so fun!" Katniss grimaced, wondering what random thing Effie was going to have her clean first. Her eyes halted on the rows of decorative plates covering the far wall of the shop. She bet the masterfully painted blue and white platters covered in scenes of a pastoral countryside would require some dusting. 11:57. How long is it again until you can quit this nightmare? She looked out the shop's large plate glass window, staring longingly at the sprawling green lawn and stately trees of the well-kept park that lay across the street. It always looked beautiful but to someone who had been stuck inside a sweltering boutique since 5 this morning, Snow Park could practically be called paradise. Katniss was so distracted by the bright sunlight filtering through the softly swaying leaves of a giant oak tree near the edge of the road that she almost failed to notice a man with slicked back brown hair and impeccably groomed goatee sauntering towards the shop. Oh no. Katniss looked frantically back up at the Hello Kitty! themed timepiece on the wall. 11:59 One minute. No way was she going to let a customer take away from her lunch time. It was her one hour of freedom from this blasted place until 5:30. Or later, if Effie's threat about a big day of cleaning came to pass. Katniss willed the man to look at her, but it wasn't until he had placed his hand on the door knob that he noticed Katniss staring at him through the glass. He gave her a wide simpering smile, which Katniss met with her trademark scowl, deliberately trying to look as unpleasant as possible. Open that door, buddy, and you'll get your ass kicked , she tried to communicate to him silently. And as the man's smile slowly faltered under her gaze, and then dropped off his face altogether, a deep sense of satisfaction welled within her. Katniss had him running. There was no doubt now. But for good measure, she quirked an eyebrow at him and glared daggers, daring him to come any further into the store. A shadow of fear passed across his face before he spun on his heels and quickly walked away. Katniss looked back up at the clock once more and almost started laughing in her relief. 12:00 Made it. As if to confirm her impending escape, Katniss heard the familiar clacking of Effie's heels against the wooden floor as she made her way from her office to the storefront to relieve Katniss for her lunch break. Katniss let out a deep gust of air and braced herself for her boss' entrance. The woman walked into the main space with a look of happiness on her face that fell dramatically at the sight of the empty shop. She gasped loudly in obvious dismay. Katniss could barely contain her eye roll. Effie Trinket was a forty-something year old woman who tried to maintain the look that she was in her twenties. Unsuccessfully. Her hair was dyed a bright fake looking blonde, and she had more make-up on her face than Katniss had ever worn throughout all her life combined. Every necklace, bangle, and ring Effie wore always carefully coordinated with her expensive dresses and tailored suits. She never wore any shoes other than the six-inch stilettos she jammed her perfectly pedicured feet into. A clothing magazine was never far from her grasp, and her favorite topic of discussion was what Dior, Cinna, and a host of other fashion designers had put out for their summer collections. And she was also the proud owner of Effie's Effervescent Essentials & Boutique Coffee Shop. Or well her husband, Plutarch, was anyways. Katniss knew for a fact that the store operated at a loss, judging by the record books she'd peaked at one day while grabbing something from the back room. It wasn't surprising considering the ridiculously high hourly rate Effie paid her, not that Katniss ever felt obliged to tell her that. It was the only reason Katniss tolerated working here. No, the fact was Plutarch let Effie have the shop as a way to keep her busy when he was away on his business trips and also to keep her somewhat out of his hair whenever he came home. Katniss could respect that. A little Effie went a long way. "Oh, Katniss, dear. Have we really had no customers since the morning rush? I thought for sure that the buy 2 get 1 free special on the tea candles would have enticed some people to come in." Effie trilled out in a high-pitched voice. "Nope," Katniss lied, avoiding Effie's eyes. She was a terrible actress, and even someone as airheaded as Effie could often tell when she wasn't being honest. At least you're good at keeping your thoughts hidden , Katniss reflected, repressing another eye roll as Effie rambled about the new mahogany tables she'd ordered that would shortly be replacing the perfectly adequate oak ones scattered throughout the room. Only two people had ever been able to discern her thoughts with ease, one of whom was her sister, Prim, while the other... Well, he has been gone a long time now so it doesn't matter, she reminded herself sternly, trying to quickly end such a dangerous line of thinking. That path only led to pain. She looked back up at the clock. 12:03 Damn it. Katniss narrowed her eyes at Effie, trying to determine the best place to interrupt her nattering while simultaneously being in awe of Effie's ability to talk non-stop. It was a wonder the woman wasn't turning blue from lack of oxygen. Katniss certainly didn't see her taking any breaths… "...I was thinking of redoing the counters in mahogany too. And perhaps the wood paneling. Of course, I would have to talk to Plutarch about all this, but I don't see how he would mind. I mean mahogany is in this year after all. I think he'd understand. What do you think, Katniss?" Katniss blinked in alarm. The only woods she liked giving an opinion on were the ones you could walk through. "Uh, I'm sure whatever you pick Plutarch will love. You have um, the best...taste?" Effie beamed at her praise, and Katniss sighed in relief that the woman didn't want her thoughts on anything else. Overall, Effie was fairly sweet, sometimes even endearing, but she was just a little dense at times. "Thank you, Katniss, my dear. You are just too kind," Effie said, dabbing at her eye with a pink and white polka-dot handkerchief. Katniss nodded. It was now or never. "Effie? Would you mind if I go to lunch now? It's after twelve," she asked bluntly. Effie gasped. "Oh my! I'm so sorry. Look at me, prattling on like a ninny. Of course, you may go. Just remember to be back promptly at one please. Yesterday, you were late, and I know your parents raised you to have better manners." Effie gave her a wide smile. "And manners are what matter the most, as my mother always said." She patted Katniss lightly on the arm in what Katniss assumed Effie thought was an affectionate way, but fortunately failed to notice the way Katniss stiffened at her touch. She didn't appreciate being addressed like a five year old girl rather than the twenty-one year old woman she was. "Alright, Effie. I'll be back at one." She whipped off her apron and rushed out the door without another word to her employer. A light breeze hit her face, feeling refreshingly cool after the stifling, perfumed air of the shop. Sunlight beamed down from a bright blue cloudless sky. Children's laughter floated over from where a dozen of them were capering around the playground. And not a hundred yards off, a group of people in varying colored work outfits were waving her over to an ornately carved white picnic table. Katniss smiled slightly. If Effie only knew the way your parents actually raised you, maybe she'd forgive you being tardy a second day...Or maybe she'd still lecture you on bad manners. Either way, Katniss was going to find out. She sprinted across the street to meet her friends. XXXXX "God, this summer is going to be awful; I can already tell. How can it only be May 21st and be this fucking hot out?" Johanna said, glaring around at the table like she expected everyone else to make it better. "Jo, it's like 80 degrees. It's not that bad," Finnick said with a laugh, his sea green eyes sparkling with amusement at the tiny dark-haired girl's malicious facial expression. "Says the guy who'll be playing in his parent's mansion the entire summer." She punched him hard in the arm. "Why is it you want to work with all of us poor people again? Don't you have a college degree that you're supposed to be using to find a real job right about now? " "Hey now! Working as a lifeguard is a real job, and the parental unit left for a four month tour of Europe yesterday. It's a burden having parents who don't give two fucks about what you do," Finn replied airily. He pointed at everyone around the bench. "All of you are expected to come to the parties I plan on holding. That goes for you, too, Madge," he said, nodding at the mousy looking brown haired girl to his left. Madge blushed a wild shade of red at having been put on the spot, but she smiled timidly in acquiescence. He then turned to Katniss with a wily grin. "And yes, that goes for you also, Kat. You can even bring Grumpy, and we'll see if we can finally succeed in turning his frown upside down." Katniss scowled at him. Finnick knew how much it pissed her off when he called Gale that, but Finnick only smiled wider at her deepened frown. "This is the summer we're all going to get you to live a little. There are still several spots open on the lifeguarding roster for Snow Beach." Katniss started to shake her head to tell him no, but Finnick narrowed his eyes in disbelief. "You can't tell me Trinket isn't already driving you nuts. I think part of the reason my parents ran for the hills is that they didn't