Author's Note: So, I know this is a little late, considering it's November 2 nd , but I hope everyone will still find this Halloween themed one-shot fun to read. It's very…fluffy. Sometimes everyone just needs a little sweet [and dirty ;) ] Everlark. Thank you so much to my betas, ct522/titania522 and peetabreadgirl. Please review! This is stupid. This is stupid. This is SO stupid. The thought pounded over and over in Katniss' head as she stared down at the way-too-short, white, low-cut tunic, thin brown belt, and strapped, soft, leather sandals scattered out on her bed. Katniss bit her lip. She couldn't possibly wear this as a Halloween costume. What the hell had Prim been thinking? Katniss shot a nervous glance at her mirror, taking full account herself, still shocked at seeing the mascara, blush, and silver-white eye shadow on her face that accented her stormy grey eyes. Her brown hair was carefully and intricately braided to encircle her head, interwoven with thin silver thread that glinted in the dull light of her bedroom lamp. A small diadem with a crescent moon at its center rested over her dark tresses, making her look like some dark fairytale princess come to life. Yes, what the hell had Prim been thinking?! When Katniss had asked her sister for suggestions for a last minute Halloween costume, she had not expected Prim to drive the 45 minutes to Capitol University from their small hometown to help Katniss out. Nevertheless, her sister had arrived in a whirl of bright enthusiasm, make-up case in hand, and beyond excited that Katniss was finally showing some desire to actually participate in Halloween. Katniss had been too embarrassed to tell her why, even while Prim had peppered with questions repeatedly. To Katniss' utter relief...and then almost immediate subsequent horror...Prim had finally stopped asking questions when she'd found the tunic her roommate Johanna had worn to a toga party at one of the frat houses last year in one of Katniss' drawers. Katniss had no idea how it had gotten there. Prim had fallen utterly deaf to her protestations that it wasn't hers, that Johanna was smaller than her, and that the costume would never first. Instead, Katniss' sister had insisted that it would be perfect to make her into Diana, The Roman Goddess of Hunting and the Woods. " Aren't you taking that Myths and Legends class, Katniss? You said you were covering Greek and Roman mythology right? It'll be perfect! You already have dad's bow and these sandals look Roman-ish, and you have so many boring brown belts… You can finally put one to good use! I can do your hair and make-up. You're going to look so beautiful. Is Peeta going to be there? What's he going as?" Katniss blushed as she recalled her sister's rapid fire questions, just as she had at the time her sister had asked them, her heart stuttering in her chest as she thought of her best friend. Her Peeta...or at least she wished he was hers. Katniss sighed wistfully. Peeta was the only reason she was going to this Halloween party tonight, and the concept that she, Katniss Everdeen, was going to willingly step foot inside a frat house was one she was still getting used to. Why, why, why! had Peeta decided he wanted to break their tradition? Katniss scowled at her reflection and began ripping off her clothes to change into the costume. She wasn't sure who she was angrier at, Peeta, or herself. They'd been best friends since their first day in kindergarten when Peeta had told her that he thought her braids were pretty during recess. Not a day had gone by after that when they hadn't run home together to play after discovering they lived within a block of each other. There had been long summer days spent searching for crawdads in the creek and catching fireflies in jars, raking leaves into piles to jump into in the fall, snowball fights and snow forts in winter, and Katniss' favorite, laying out in the meadow amongst the flowers and dandelions in the spring. And of course, they always shared the cheese buns and pastries that Peeta snuck from his family's bakery, whatever the season. Peeta had been there for Katniss when her father had died, and her mother's heart had left with him, leaving just a shell of the woman she had been behind. He'd never complained when the carefree playdates of their childhood had melted into afternoons spent helping Katniss baby-sit Prim, insisting they use the money Peeta got from working in the bakery to take Prim for ice cream or to the movies or for any other treat that Katniss couldn't afford to give her sister. And when the invitations for their first Halloween party had rolled in during middle school, and Katniss didn't have the money for a costume, Peeta had adamantly insisted he didn't want to go. Instead, they'd rented The Nightmare Before Christmas, watching it over and over again until they knew the words to " This is Halloween" by heart. That was when she'd first started to fall for him. It was a tradition they'd kept up through the rest of middle school, and high school, and even into college. As they got older, they'd added horror movies into their repertoire: The Shining, The Omen, The Exorcist, Rosemary's Baby. .. really any film Katniss could think of that would allow her to bury her head in Peeta's chest during the scariest moments without raising his suspicion that she was really just using them as an excuse to be close to him. Heat snaked through Katniss' body as she reflected how Peeta's chest had broadened over the years from countless wrestling practices or the way his muscular arms had wrapped around her to offer comfort, his sky blue eyes twinkling as he laughingly asked her why she wanted to watch these movies every year when they terrified her so much. Katniss would always hit him lightly over his blonde, wavy hair in retaliation, relishing the feel of his curls in her hands for a few brief seconds, and then they'd watch The Nightmare Before Christmas again to calm their nerves, Katniss desperately wishing he would kiss her the whole time. They'd entered Capitol U, Peeta on a wrestling scholarship, Katniss on a full-ride grant, and with Katniss determined to reveal her feelings to him since they'd finally gotten away from the prying eyes of the residents in their small town of Panem. Or at least that had been Katniss' intent. She'd quickly chickened out when practically every girl whom Peeta came into contact with during their Freshman Welcome Week had hit on him, all but dismissing the plain-Jane girl in the worn-looking clothing with constant scowl on her face as a girl Peeta couldn't possibly be interested in dating. Katniss was just Peeta's friend, and someone never considered a threat to any of the beautiful girls who hoped to get into her best friend's pants. But this year, their senior year, Katniss had been determined to be different. Peeta had broken up with his horrible girlfriend, Cashmere, over the summer, Prim was finally old enough to support her own wardrobe, allowing Katniss to finally buy clothes that fit her well, and they'd signed up for all the gen ed requirements they had left to fulfill together, allowing for plenty of time to spend studying with each other. Katniss had almost believed her approach was working, giving Peeta compliments, sneaking in simple light touches here and there, building her courage to tell him that she loved him. And a week ago, Katniss had gone to his apartment, enduring the usual ribbing from Peeta's roommate, Finnick, to ask him what movies they should get for their Halloween tradition, believing that would be the perfect night for Katniss to finally reveal how much she loved him. But it wasn't to be. " Hey, Peeta," Katniss said as she walked into Peeta's room. She shut the door tightly behind her against Finnick's continued joking catcalls from the living room, each time followed by an admonishment from his girlfriend, Annie. Katniss wasn't exactly surprised. She couldn't remember the last time she'd worn a dress, but the unseasonably warm October day had been too good an excuse not to wear the soft, green, knit dress she'd found at the local thrift store. " Hey," Peeta replied, turning in his chair to greet her. Katniss almost glowed with pleasure as she caught his eyes flicking over her before he cleared his throat with a cough. "What's up?" he asked with a grin. Katniss sat down on his bed. "Well, I already have Nightmare Before Christmas, but I was wondering what other movies you wanted to get for Halloween this year? I'll get the candy too, if you get the pizza and popcorn," she said excitedly but frowned when she watched Peeta's grin slide from his face, his expression morphing into a serious one. " Kat... About that. Um, you know how Finnick's frat usually holds the Halloween Bash, and I was wondering-" He stopped abruptly as Katniss stood up, her hands clenched into tight fists. " Wondering if it'd be ok for you to go to that instead?" Katniss hissed, working hard to conceal the hurt she was feeling at his desire to break the tradition they'd carried on for a decade and a half. Peeta's mouth fell open a bit, a pink flush coloring his neck that only arose when Katniss knew Peeta felt stressed. "Well, yes…" he said slowly. "But, Katniss, I wanted to ask-" Katniss cut him off with a wave of her hand, anger flooding through her. This was supposed to be the year, the year when she finally told him how she felt. And he was ruining it. " I don't care what excuses you have, Peeta," she spat. "I can't believe you're breaking OUR tradition for some stupid frat party." " Katniss, I… Please, listen," he pleaded, but Katniss shook her head violently. " Whatever. Go if you want to. I don't care." " Your reaction would suggest that you do ," Katniss felt color flood her cheeks. "I'm sure there are tons of girls who would love to go with you. There always are," Katniss almost yelled, cursing herself for the jealousy raising its ugly head inside her, but she couldn't stop the word-vomit from spewing forth, her embarrassment that she thought he would have wanted to spend their last Halloween of college in...with her...growing with each passing second. "I bet you even already have one in mind. Who's the flavor of the week, this time, Peeta?" she finished wildly, breathing heavily. Peeta stood up, rare anger darkening his usually smiling face. "You know I'm not like that with any girl, Katniss," he said calmly, but Katniss detected the hurt in his tone. He wrenched open the door and stepped over the threshold, before turning back to her for one last look. "Though as a matter of fact, I did have a girl in mind that I thought would like to go, but she made it more than clear that she isn't interested. No worries though, I'm sure I can find a new flavor of the week," he said in a shockingly calm manner. He walked out the door without another word. Katniss strapped the brown belt snuggling around her waist, sadness flooding through her heart. She'd stormed out shortly thereafter, ignoring the bewildered looks on Finnick's and Annie's faces, and they hadn't spoken to one another in the week since, even though Katniss shared at least one class with him every day. It was the longest they had gone without talking since that time in third grade when Peeta had been laid up in bed with a fever for a week, and Peeta's mother hadn't allowed Katniss to visit him. Katniss had spent that time agonizing over how to