Author's Note: This is a one-shot I just published for Yellow for PIP. It will eventually become a 4 chapter fic…hint, hint…there's a reason this one is labeled "Freshman Year." ;) Thank you to my betas, ct522 and Peetabreadgirl for their wonderful work, and a third thank you to nightlockinthecave for making such a great banner! Now without further ado... Elevators: Freshman Year "I finished class, Finnick. What court is it again?" Katniss looked up from her phone, startled at the sound of the voice now reaching her ears from just outside the rickety dorm elevator and began to blush. She would know that low timbre anywhere. "Ok, 3A, got it," Peeta Mellark said, phone to his ear, as he walked onto the platform. He pushed the button for the 9th Floor and turned to face forward so quickly that Katniss was sure he hadn't noticed her standing in the corner, continuing his conversation with his friend. "Shit, she is going to be there? Why didn't you say that earlier?" he said in an exasperated voice. Katniss let out an almost inaudible sigh and looked back down at the text message she'd just received from her sister. Prim: Go out with Johanna tonight. It'll be good for you! P.S. You have almost a full semester of college under your belt now, and you may be hopeless, but I definitely don't believe you when you say that you haven't thought even one guy at CU is hot. Gotta fly, Rory's here! XOXO Katniss glanced back towards Peeta, her eyes raking over the jeans that hung deliciously off his narrow hips and molded perfectly to his well-sculpted ass, before they traveled higher to stare at the slightly flexing muscles of his broad back, outlined easily by the thin blue jacket he wore. Finally, she peered upwards at his wavy ash-blonde hair that looked like it was in need of a trim, repressing the strong urge she always felt at the sight of those curls to run her fingers through them. Katniss let out another soft sigh, knowing from the many days in the classroom that Peeta's front was just as hot as his backside. Sure, Katniss could tell her sister that she thought the boy in front of her was, in fact, the hottest guy she'd ever seen, not to mention funny, kind, and incredibly sweet. But Katniss had too much pride. She knew Prim probably wouldn't laugh at her for liking the guy who was the Freshman Class President, the captain of Capitol University's soccer team, and chair of multiple volunteer projects on campus. Peeta was the guy every girl wanted to fuck and by the sound of his phone conversation, he already had someone to fuck him. Meanwhile, Katniss had a hard time just admitting to herself that she'd fallen for him, too, even more that she'd had a crush on him all semester long. She still remembered watching him stroll through the door on that very first day of the stupid speech class all freshmen were required to take, exuding confidence in every stride, a broad smile on his face… Katniss scowled around at the empty seats surrounding her, unsurprised and yet a little disheartened that no one had wanted to sit by her, much less engage her in any semblance of conversation. She hadn't been bothered by it in high school, was used to ignoring the popular girls who insulted or shunned her for the sometimes ragged clothes she wore and her love of archery, hunting, and the general outdoors. But Prim had insisted Katniss buy some new clothes for herself in honor of a new school year instead of going without for the sake of her sister like usual. She was, after all, beginning college, thanks to a very generous need-based grant. Katniss had hoped she'd be able to make some friends besides Gale, whom she had known since she was young and was like a brother to her, and his girlfriend Madge. They had been her only real friends in high school and were both starting school as well, but playing third wheel to them wasn't always enjoyable. She tried to remind herself that she didn't need friends. She wasn't here to have fun, of course. Katniss was here to obtain her degree. However, she'd thought...maybe...possibly...that she'd be able to start over somehow, that she wouldn't be known as the girl with blood under her fingers and dirt on her face. But judging by the vacant desks around her, it appeared to Katniss that college was going to be just like high school. She pulled her textbook and notebook out of her bag, resolutely avoiding any further thoughts about the loneliness that the next four years might hold for her. But then he walked into the room. Katniss could barely keep her jaw from dropping as she caught sight of the boy's handsome face, crooked grin, and astonishing crystal blue eyes. And that wasn't even to mention his toned body that was on display for all to see in a well-fitted orange t-shirt that stretched across his broad chest and blue basketball shorts that hugged his ass to perfection. Katniss looked around, judging by the wide-eyed looks on the other girls' faces, that she hadn't been the only one to notice the boy's arrival. But then Katniss embarrassedly remembered she'd been left alone in here like the loser she was, an island unto herself in the middle of her chattering classmates. She ducked her head, wishing for once that her hair wasn't in the braid she always had it in, so that it could fall on either side of her head to shield her from the humiliation she was feeling. But then, much to her surprise, the boy came over and plopped down into one of the seats next to her. She watched him out of the corner of her eye as he rummaged around in his backpack, barely able to tear her eyes away from his rippling bicep as he pulled a notebook out from his bag, and she felt herself burning with embarrassing desire. She'd never been affected like this by another person ever, especially not one that hadn't even spoken to her yet…And one that likely wasn't going to, she realized with chagrin, for the blue-eyed, blonde-haired god was immediately engaged in conversation by a vapid-looking but beautiful, simpering, ultra-blonde girl with the plastic-looking smile on the other side of him. Katniss bit her lip to keep herself from sighing and went back to staring at her textbook. She hated this class already. Katniss stared at the clock anxiously, wondering what Professor Snow could possibly be doing that would delay him five...now ten…now fifteen minutes past when the class was supposed to start. She was staring so intently at the door that she only caught the tail end of what the boy said to her. " ...in your hair?" Katniss looked at him in startlement, shocked that he had turned away from the blonde bimbo to talk to her. " Wh-what?" she managed to stutter out, desperately willing away the flush she knew was creeping into her cheeks. Katniss had never been good at concealing what she felt. The boy gave her a broad grin and pointed at her hair. "I said, do you know there is a dandelion in your hair? Katniss mouth fell open in mortification. "Shit," she said, frantically combing her fingers over the top of her head to try to remove the offending weed, accidentally releasing several threads of hair from the braid in her haste. The strands fell in front of her now beet red face. "I was lying out in the grass before class. Thanks for telling me," she muttered, casting him a discomfited look, which only increased at the clear look of amusement she could see on the boy's face. She glared at him, and he gave her a mollified smile. " Ah, sorry," he said carefully. "Just, it's...still in your hair." " Damn it," she cursed, sweeping her hands over her crown once more. She gave him a questioning look. He shook his head, laughing softly. "Nope. You've moved it, but it's still not out." Katniss huffed in frustration and glanced at the door, debating whether she should chance running to the bathroom and risk the professor finally showing up while she was out of the classroom. Public speaking was definitely not and would never be Katniss' forte, and thus, this was one class she couldn't afford to make a bad impression in. She bit her lip while the debate raged in her head. " Here, I got it," the boy said, reaching out his hand towards her hair. But Katniss jerked away from his sudden nearness so fast that he jolted into putting his hands up, looking like he was being held at gunpoint. She stared at him in wide-eyed alarm. "Ok, ok. Sorry, bad idea, should have asked," he said hastily, his blue eyes earnest and apologetic. Katniss relaxed a little bit at his apology. "I promise I'm not a creeper. You just looked upset about it." " You just startled me," Katniss said with an irritated sigh. "A heads up before you invade my personal space next time would be nice." She watched as a light pink tinge flooded the boy's cheeks and nearly kicked herself. Katniss hadn't meant to sound so blunt, but the only close contact she usually had with anybody was a hug from Prim or perhaps a slap on the back from Gale. Though it wasn't exactly like this guy could know that. She had just reacted on instinct. "Sorry," she mumbled at the floor. "Could you just tell me where it is?" " Right above your left ear," he said quietly. Katniss quickly reached up and finally swept the elusive shoot from her hair. She watched it flutter down to the floor with disgust and moved her foot to grind it into the wooden floor boards. "Hey! Wait a sec, don't do that!" exclaimed the boy, drawing Katniss to reconnect with his gaze. She watched in astonishment as he bent down to pick up the dandelion gingerly. He placed it carefully onto his desk. Katniss narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously. "Why are you saving an ugly weed?" she asked confusedly. The boy just shrugged. " Guess I just have an eye for beauty," he said with a searching look that Katniss didn't quite understand, her eyes rising skeptically at his ridiculous sounding answer. The boy laughed again. "Or maybe I just have weird tastes." " Ok...Sure…Whatever," she said, rolling her eyes a little, which earned another grin from him. "But what are you going to do with it?" The boy opened his mouth to answer but just then a tall intimidating looking man with a white beard that looked to be in his early 70s walked into the room. "I apologize for my delayed arrival. One of your peers from the previous class thought he'd have a go at becoming the class clown and needed to be...dealt with," the man said in a soft but deadly sounding voice. Katniss' eyes marveled at the thought that there was a student who had dared attempt to mess with this almost sinister-looking man. If there was any teacher who was one not to be trifled with, Professor Snow clearly was it. He asked them to get out their syllabi so that he could go over the course expectations with the class, which Katniss did so dutifully, but after a few minutes of explanation on the various speeches they would be expected to give, her attention began to wander. She cast a sideways glance at the boy besides her, eyes flying wide in surprise at what he was doing. The boy hadn't bothered to get his syllabus out but had instead brought out a small worn-looking notebook with a leather binding. He was staring at the dandelion still perched on