Rain: Hiya! This is my first Hunger Games story. And to those of you who are curious as to why I've started this, let me explain. I've recently become obsessed with Finnick Odair, and wondered what would happen if he fell in love with someone else, and not Annie. And, thinking of this, I wondered if the 70th Hunger Games would have been different if someone else had replaced Annie. Well, like any other Hunger Games fangirl, I decided to make a fanfiction :) "You come to me with scars on your wrist You tell me this will be the last night feeling like this I just came to say goodbye I didn't want you to see me cry, I'm fine But I know it's a lie." The Last Night, Skillet Disclaimer: I own nothing~ Warm sunlight pours through my window, stirring me from my dreamless sleep. Funny, I never seem to dream the night before the reapings. All the same I sit up, and rub my eyes. Sighing, I slide out of bed and make my way into the kitchen. I cut a slice of bread for myself, and three for Calla, my guardian. You see, I've live with Calla ever since I was five, when my mother got ill and died. Calla is an old woman, with short gray hair and pasty, liver spotted skin. She about 70 now, and honestly I can't wait until I become 18 and get to leave, or she dies. Whichever happens first. I guess I should be grateful to her, but I'm not. She's an old, bitter woman, who's convinced the whole world is conspiring against her. Imagine having to live with that for 11 years. No wonder most kids call her Old Moriconi, or the Witch. "Naida?" I hear her call. "Coming!" I call back to her, before putting the pieces of bread on a plate and bringing it in to her. She's sitting on the edge of the bed. I stand in the doorway, waiting for her to tell me something. "Don't just stand there like an idiot girl. Put the food down, help me get dressed, and put my hair up. Then I'll eat and you can do what you need to before we head off to the reapings" She orders. I put the food down and go to help her. "Yes Ma'am" I say, before grabbing one of her nicer dresses and helping her into it. I then brush her hair and put it into a small bun. I then help her sit back down on the edge of the bed and give her the plate of bread. She bites into it, her eyes surveying me, as I just stand there. "You know, sometimes I wish the reapings were every day. Then I wouldn't have to put up with your constant nightmares" She grumbles. I grimace. "I don't have nightmares every night" I say. She narrows her eyes at me. 'Don't talk back to me girl. Now, go get a nice dress on, a pair of good heels, and get out of my sight. I don't want to see you until you come back to get me for the reapings. Understood?" She snaps. "I understand." I say, before walking out and into my room. I swear, sometimes I feel like bringing her to the ocean, dunking her head under, and waiting until the bubbles stop! But of course then I would be homeless, and I would be no better than those blood thirsty tributes in one and two. I sigh, counting to ten before going over to my closet. I pull out my favorite dress, and slip it on. It's a short, strapless white dress, with a silver pleated sash at my waist and silver beading on the skirt. It was my mothers, her favorite actually. I then slip on a pair of silver heels, and put on a pair of silver earrings. Brushing my hair I survey myself in the mirror. I got a little taller, I'm probably about 5'6 now, at the most, but I definitely lost a lot of weight. Calla tends to eat a lot, but I don't, I'm not allowed to. Because of this, I've become around 70 pounds. Not a healthy weight for a sixteen year old girl, that's for sure. Other than that, everything is like usual. Same dark as night, waist-length black hair, crystalline blue eyes, pale skin, and lightly freckled cheeks and nose. I sigh, before standing straight and looking myself over one last time. "I wonder.." I trail off, as I look through my small bedside table. I smile, and pull out a single white hibiscus flower. "Perfect" I say, putting it in my hair. I then walk out into the morning crowd that is District 4. Even though we're supposed to use Reaping day as a 'vacation' a lot of store owners and street vendors still sell items until the very last second. I breathe a heavy sigh, before putting on an impassive expression. Allow me to explain. Around others, I tend to put up a façade, or a brave front. I do this, because I remember something my mother told me when I was a child. She said, "Treat everyone as if they're going to be your district partner. Would you want them to think of them as weak? No! You want them to see you as a strong, determined person." It was a long time ago, but I've always held on to the words, and I've never shown emotion around others. Ever. Hell, the only person I'm ever my real self around is my friend Annie. Annie Cresta. And speak of the devil, there she is. "Naida!" She yells to me, waving her hand in the air. I crack a small smile. Annie is the same age as me, and we've always considered ourselves twins. She has long, dark hair, dark green eyes, and pale skin. She's a tad shorter than I am, and well fed. We have a few minor differences, but other than that, we look exactly alike. It's our personalities that have the most difference though. "Hi Annie" I say. She hugs me, and I hug back slightly. She knows of my emotionless mask around others, but I think her joyful spirit doesn't let her think of it too much. She let's go of me, and I look her up and down. She's in a short, strapless, navy blue dress that goes just below her knees. The end is ruffled, and she has a black belt around her waist. She has her favorite charm bracelet on, which has a single gold trident charm. She got it after Finnick Odair won the 65th Hunger Games, and they were giving them out for cheap. I never got one, though I wanted one. "Come on Naida. We have to give these shell necklaces to old Serena. Then we have to go get Old Moriconi for the reapings" She says, grabbing me by the wrist. I take the bag of shell necklaces, and look through them as we walk. "What happened to the last five?" I ask her. We promised Serena 30, but there's only 25 in the bag. "I dropped a few on the way, and some boys stole them before I could pick them up. Talk about mean!" She says. I sigh. "You do realize we'll only get about half of what she promised right?" I ask. She laughs. "Yeah, I know. But don't worry. I'll give you a bigger share if it's not even. I know how bad it's been with Old Moriconi. And plus, it's partly my fault. I should've been more careful. Now hurry!" She says. I speed up, walking beside her now. "Thanks" I mumble. She laughs again. Soon, we see Serena, bartering with some other old woman at her table, before sending her off. Her frown deepens when she sees the two of us. "Well well well. Finally decided to show up eh? I was beginning to think you two weren't going to show" She grumbles, taking the bag. She pours the necklaces out on her table, and counts them. "There are only 25 here girls. Where's my other five?" She narrows her old, black beady eyes at us. "We dropped a few, which were robbed right after." I say plainly. She sighs, and pushes a small pile of coins toward the two of us. We count it, and even though it's less than the amount we were originally promised, it's even, so it's good enough to half between us. "Thanks Serena! We'll get you those five and about 30 more next time ok?" Annie says. Serena grumbles an answer, before putting the shells in a small box and walking away. I glare at the back of her head. "I swear that woman just intensifies my hatred for old, cynical women" I grumble. Annie laughs. "Hey, not all of them are as bad as Serena and Calla. And at least she paid us. She could of beat us with a cane" She laughs. I turn my glare to her. "Don't joke like that!" I growl, flinching slightly at the memory of the all the times Calla has gotten angry at me, and as a result, I've been hit with her wooden cane. Annie cringes at the harsh sound of my voice. "Sorry Naida. I forgot" She says, looking like she'll burst into tears. My features soften, and I look away. "No I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been so hostile. Just, don't mention it again okay?" I say. I hear her perky response of ok, before she grabs my wrist again. That's when I see him. Finnick Odair. And I can't help but wonder, 'Did he just see all that?' ~On the Way to The Reapings~ "Don't make me hit you girl, it won't be a pretty picture" Calla threatens. I flinch slightly, while Annie tries to fix the current situation. We keep walking as Annie talks. "It's not Naida's fault Calla. It's mine, and I'm sorry" She insists. Calla narrows her eyes at Annie. "That may be true, but I can't hit you young lady. And plus, you're Naida's responsibility in the first place. So, therefore, she should be the one who gets hit, for letting you do as you please." She growls. I just walk with the two, looking away as Annie tries to convince Calla not to hurt me, though she's probably only making it worse. I feel Calla's bony fingers clench my arm tightly, and I grit my teeth. My facial expression gives nothing away, however. Pain is one of the things I'm good at hiding, I've had lots of practice. "When we get home, you're getting it girl" She hisses. She means the cane. I know she means the cane. "Yes Ma'am" Is my monotone answer. I turn my head away, to see him. It's Finnick Odair, and this time, I have no doubt he's seen and heard everything. Will he tell the peacekeepers? No, someone as popular as him probably wouldn't care. I turn my head away, and we arrive shortly. I gladly leave Calla in the adults and under 12 section, while Annie and I head to our roped off area. "I'm sorry Naida. I made it worse didn't I?" I breathe a sigh. "It's fine. I probably would've been hit later anyway. I didn't get her any 'celebratory' alcohol, we were short on money." I grumble. She hugs me, and I give her a small smile. She then let's go, because the reapings have started. "Hello District Four!" Our escort Skylin chimes into the microphone. I have to refrain from laughing, she just looks so ridiculous! Her hair is purple, as is her skin. She has gold eyes, and her teeth are gold too. She's in this purple outfit, which looks like something that tributes would wear on the chariot rides. I hear Annie snicker, and I let a small smile too.