Literally I don't know why I decided that writing 20 years of an AU would be a good idea but several weeks later here is the result. A cute modern one-shot spanning twenty years over the life of Gale and Madge so I hope you all enjoy. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games or anything associated with it. Katniss and Gale were lucky, not many people get to live down the street from their cousin, not many people get to have someone in their family as their best friend. But then again their weren't many people like Gale and Katniss, they were so close that the two year age gap didn't bother them, who cares if Gale's friends saw Katniss as an annoying kid Gale knew his cousin was awesome. Plus his Aunt and Uncle were fun, Prim was sweet and every time his dad and Uncle got together they told the funniest stories of the two of them growing up, it was nice to be close to family. But being so close also meant they were an integral part of each others lives, Katniss had met Gale's friend Finnick and Gale knew about Katniss's friend Madge. Gale didn't know what to really think about Madge, she was a girl from the other side of town. He hadn't formerly met her just heard about her from Katniss and saw her a few times when Madge was leaving Katniss's house. He didn't really understand how Madge and Katniss could be friends at all. His mother explained that Madge's mom Mrs. Undersee was really sick all the time and it was better that she stay at home and have a doctor come to her, Katniss's mom his Aunt was Mrs. Undersee's personal doctor. The two girls had met because his Aunt had to take Katniss one day along with her and the two quiet girls bonded. Gale and Madge officially met at Katniss's 8th birthday party that she had at the park, that is where the story of Gale and Madge begins. Gale – age 10 Madge – age 8 She threw a water balloon at him. They were in the middle of the water balloon war and Gale had managed to stay dry through most of it. Katniss had invited him, Madge, her friends Thom and Delly and Peeta from the bakery. Gale was older and bigger then anybody so he thought he would be able to be the last one standing. He was lobbing a water balloon right at the back of Peeta's head when suddenly a balloon smacked him right in the middle of the chest. Water gushed up a little into his face and soaked his clothes. Gale dropped the water balloon in surprise soaking his sneakers. He looked up to see Madge Undersee standing a few feet away, she had her hands covering her mouth and she was giggling. Gale couldn't help but smile, impressed that the little girl had managed to sneak up on him. He then smirked and ran back to the bucket of water balloons grabbing a new one and making eye contact with Madge. The little girl squealed and turned to run her ribbons and blonde curls bouncing behind her. Madge did end up soaked but she was okay about it, she was already wet before Gale had hit her and she was still proud of herself for managing to hit Gale in the first place. When Katniss announced Gale, Madge looked up in wonder at the tall big kid, he had a friendly smile and was willing to play with all of them instead of being rude like a lot of big kids were. After the fight when they were eating ice cream cake Gale even came up to her and said it was a really good shot, she was the only one who managed to hit him besides Katniss. Madge smiled and decided that she would like to be friends with Gale; he had a big smile and reminded her of one of the knights from her fairy tale book. Gale decided that if Madge was going to stick around with Katniss he wouldn't mind, sure she wasn't as adventurous or as tough as Katniss was. Probably couldn't keep up with the two of them but she was pretty gutsy to attack a kid way bigger than her so as far as little kids go she was okay. Gale – age 11 Madge – age 9 Gale did turn out to be a good choice for a friend, especially the night when her mother got really sick. It was scary, her dad had to wake her up out of bed and hand her off to her Uncle Haymitch. He and her Aunt Effie drove her to Katniss's house to pick up Mrs. Everdeen then the three adults rushed out to the hospital to be with her father and mother. Madge was so confused and tired she didn't even have time to cry and she couldn't, Prim was only three and she was asleep, Madge couldn't wake up a baby. Mr. Everdeen led Madge downstairs to the basement where Katniss and Gale were having a sleepover. They must know what's going on because Katniss took her hand and lead her to the couch; she then asked her dad if they could have hot chocolate. Madge was really glad at that moment for Katniss as her friend. Gale watched as Katniss and his Uncle went upstairs to make hot chocolate then he looked back at Madge who sat on the couch quietly looking upset and confused. He saw her lips start to quiver after a while and it reminded him of when Rory was trying not to cry. He didn't like it, he went up and sat next to Madge putting his arm around her and hugging her. She hugged right back squeezing tight. "It will be okay, my Aunts the best doctor she'll make your mom better." He said. Not knowing if he was right but believing that it had to be true. Madge was just a kid; a sweet kid with a sick mom and none of them deserved this. Madge stayed in Gale's warm hug until Katniss and Mr. Everdeen came back downstairs with the hot chocolate. Gale even let Madge have the marshmallows in his hot chocolate Katniss gave hers too. Madge smiled a little bit and still felt scared but safe at least between Katniss and Gale. Gale was a very nice person; she hoped it would stay that way. Gale – age 12 Madge – age 10 Madge was pretty cool, sure she could be prim and proper sometimes but she was really talented on the piano and could eat more strawberries than even him or Finnick. She didn't even throw up after beating them both at the strawberry-eating contest they had at a barbeque. She was also really gutsy and stubborn. When he and Katniss decided to build a tree house in the tallest tree they could find they brought along Finnick and Madge to help them find the tallest tree. They had finally found it but no one wanted to be the first to climb it, it was the kind of tree where if you fell you broke a bone. Finally after about 20 rounds of rock paper scissors between him and Finnick Madge huffed and started climbing the tree. She didn't know why, she was just getting bored of standing around and it was hot and Katniss said they couldn't have any lemonade until they decided on the tree so she started climbing it. She went higher and higher until she reached the top. It took her breath away at all she could see, she almost felt like a bird that could fly away. Then she looked down at the ground and shrieked a little, clinging tightly to the branches. The second she squealed Finnick and Gale exchanged a look. "Madge it's okay just come down." Katniss calls and Gale can see Madge shaking her head rapidly. "Madge it's okay you climbed all the way up there so you should be able to climb down." Madge opened her eyes and finally looked down at them and Gale smiled encouragingly. "Come on Madge, one foot in from of the other." Finnick and Katniss started yelling encouragements too and slowly Madge started making her way down the tree. Soon she was one leap from the ground and Gale let out a sigh of relief that she hadn't hurt herself. Madge's feet finally touch the ground and Katniss actually hugs her before calling her stupid for doing that. Then they all sit down and drink the lemonade. Gale sits next to her and smiled giving her a hi five saying she was stupidly brave and it was totally cool. Madge can feel her cheeks heating up and her heart flutter as Gale smiles at her and she looks down hiding her smile. Maybe Gale is more like a Prince Charming then a Knight in Shining Armor Gale – age 13 Madge – age 11 Gale hates school, he hates all the privileged kids with their new toys and clothes, hates that they know that his family is fine but not rich like them. Hates how stupid and low they make him feel, its just money it doesn't make them better than him, all rich people suck. Gale walks home one week from school feeling especially angry, as he passes Katniss's house he sees Madge run out the door towards her Uncle's shiny car and realizes how much of a princess Madge is, how she is always so clean and neat and perfect. How she's always offering to just buy him and his siblings candy, Gale's embarrassed he can't always buy it himself, she must look down on him too. Gale sees red and when Madge stops and sees him she offers Gale a big grin and waves, Gale just keeps moving. He might not have seen me is the thought that pops into Madge's head when Gale doesn't wave back to her. So she asks her Uncle to wait and goes skipping after Gale saying his name louder. They get an entire block down before Gale turns around looking mad and screams at her. "Leave me alone Undersee!" She stops walking and he turns around and walks faster down the block. Madge feels confused and a little bit like crying because she didn't know what she did but Gale never called her Undersee before. Gale – age 14 Madge – age 12 Katniss gets mad every time Madge mentions Gale so she stop mentioning him, it doesn't matter he stopped hanging out with Madge a while ago. Started calling her Undersee and gives her this look every time Katniss comes to play with her and Peeta. Peeta is 13 and he's still nice to Madge, he says its not an age thing Gale is just being mean. Katniss huffs and says Gale is being a jerk and she would rather hang out with Madge then him. Madge swallows down the tears puts on a brave face and tells Katniss to go hiking with her cousin or hang out in the tree house. She doesn't want to make Gale madder by hogging Katniss. Gale refuses to tell Katniss what is going on and every time she goes off with Madge he can't help but glare at her. She just thinks she's better than all of them doesn't she. Katniss and him hang out less but that's fine with Gale, he's 14, he and Finnick are in high school now and they have better things to do then hang out with kids like Madge Undersee. When he meets Johanna Mason at school, an awesome sophomore in his math class he doesn't even care what happens to Madge Undersee, but that doesn't stop him from glaring at her when Katniss refuses to talk to him, damn Undersee. "The