Disclaimer : Like all my other stories I own nothing in the Harry Potter universe and I make no profit from my writing. It's just fun! Warning : This story does contain adult themes and hints at unpleasant events although none are described in great detail. Breathe Again She was trying to make herself some tea. However her hands were shaking so badly that she was making more of a mess than a calming beverage. "Bullocks." She cursed as the hot water she was pouring from the kettle splashed onto the counter instead of going into the chipped blue teapot in front of her. "Here, let me do that for you," a familiar voice came from behind her. She sighed as the man took the kettle from her and shooed her over to the worn table. "Did you take your potion this morning?" He asked as he slid onto the bench across from her pushing the teacup to her. Whiskey brown eyes met emerald for a second before angrily turning down to glare at her hands. "I don't want to become dependent on a potion, Harry. I need to work through this in order to get it under control. I will not be weak." "Hermione, no one thinks you're weak," Harry said softly taking one of her hands into his. "In fact, you are the strongest witch I've ever met. You need to take the potion." "No." Hermione growled as she pulled her hand back into her lap. "I'm going to do this without that bloody potion." "Oh the shock Forge," "Cursing Gred," "Our little bookworm," Fred continued as he plopped down next to Harry grinning at Hermione. "All grown up," George finished as he sat on the other side of Harry. "Never heard you curse before, Granger." "You've never been on the run with her," Harry smirked. The twins gasped as Hermione flicked Harry off while the raven haired boy just laughed. "See, the innocence is all a cover." His face turned serious again when he saw that Hermione's shoulders had begun to tremor and not from laughter. "Dammit Mione, I mean it. Take the potion." Hermione glared at him as both twins looked on in concern at Hermione. Before they could even ask, she waved her arm at them dismissively. "It's nothing . Harry, please drop it. I understand what can happen and dammit I am stronger than this. It's a personal thing, Harry." She sent him a warning glare before forcing herself to smile. "I'm going to take my tea into the living room and read. Let Mrs. Weasley know to come get me if she needs help preparing lunch. Have a good day at the shop." She nodded to the twins. Hermione then stood and grabbed her cup, focusing all of her energy onto not allowing the small object to shake. Fred and George looked confused as they watch the petite witch slowly walk from the room. By lunchtime Hermione's tremors had increased to include her entire body. The stubborn witch knew that she needed to take her daily potion but she really hated how it made her feel. Instead she secluded herself in a comfy armchair in the living room of the Burrow and ignored all attempts by Harry and Ron to talk to her. She knew by how Ron was watching her that Harry had told him about the incident that morning with the tea. She had almost snapped at them to stop it as they were starting to gather the attention of the remaining Weasleys. The boys were the only ones other than Bill and Fleur that knew what Hermione had gone through in the war and she wanted to keep it that way. She didn't want to be more of a burden to the broken family than she already was. It had been only two weeks since the Battle of Hogwarts and the death of Percy Weasley. She still heard Mrs. Weasley crying every night when the others had gone to sleep and she had forced every single one of her children (biological or not) to live under her roof – at least for a while. Charlie had taken a long sabbatical from the dragon reserve to help his parents deal with the aftermath. The twins hadn't had much of a choice as their flat was still in shambles after the attack on the shop by Death Eaters. Even Bill and Fleur had been convinced to stay for the first week though both had desperately missed their cottage. She knew that all of the Weasleys were having a hard time dealing with what had happened. George hardly let Fred out of his sight after he had watched his twin almost get squashed to death by a large wall during the battle. Ginny still had horrible dreams about the last year with the Carrows and kept reliving the scene of the war where a dead Harry was carried by Hagrid to the courtyard. But the Trio had the worst of it. The very first night back at the Burrow, they had gotten into a large fight with Mrs. Weasley that had surprised the rest of the Weasleys as Harry and Ron had bluntly told the woman that Hermione would be sleeping in their room. Mrs. Weasley had gone on to argue that it wasn't appropriate and what would others say? Ron had nodded once and said, "Alright then. We won't be staying here then." Molly had sputtered and sobbed, instantly agreeing to the Trio sharing a room. Ginny had then lost her temper and demanded if they had become a triad (to the shock of her siblings) on the run which Harry had adamantly denied. He had even assured her that Ron and Hermione weren't a couple and never would be, with Ron shaking his head in agreement. Hermione had been unnaturally quiet the entire discussion as she absentmindedly rubbed her left arm. Charlie Weasley had noticed the movement and wanted to ask what was going on but he didn't think that it was his place – he didn't know Hermione as well as his brothers and sister and he didn't want to pry. The Weasley family suspected that something horrible had happened to the young witch but none of them could get the girl to speak. She wouldn't join Harry and Ron when they told the family of their time finding the horcuxes. She wouldn't talk of her parents or what they were doing other than saying that they were in Australia and she would be going to get them after the last Death Eaters had been captured. They watched as Harry and Ron became extremely protective of Hermione; they would force her to eat, made sure that she got outside for fresh air; and in the rare event that they had to leave the Burrow, the small witch was always tucked between the two boys who had their wands ready. Hermione sat herself down at her regular seat, across from Harry and Ron between Charlie and Ginny. When she looked up she saw that Harry was yet again watching her intently and Hermione sighed as she shook her head. Charlie lifted his eyebrow in question at how the boys were acting odder than usual today but decided not to get involved. Mrs. Weasley took her seat. "Dig in everyone!" As the remainder of the family was at work it was a relatively small lunch but it was still delicious. Mrs. Weasley was well known for her amazing creations in the kitchen. Charlie watched as Hermione silently asked Harry to pour her some of the soup. Harry wrinkled his forehead in frustration and looked as if he wanted to whack Hermione upside the head with the ladle. Harry roughly put the bowl down in front of the blushing witch. "So Hermione, have you decided if you'll return for your NEWTS?" Ginny asked as she took a bite of roll trying to ease the tension. Hermione shook her head. "I think I'll take them at the Ministry. I don't think I can go back there." She said softly. Ginny nodded in understanding. "I got an offer this morning from the Holyhead Harpies as seeker. Mum isn't too happy about it but I'm taking it. After last year and what they allowed to happen I don't think I want to ever be a student there again." Hermione quickly congratulated the redhead as the other three started to exclaim over the news. Lunch began to move forward, with everyone except Mrs. Weasley and Hermione talking about the latest Quidditch news. "Dammit." Hermione breathed with an air of frustration and anger. Harry and Ron immediately heard the soft curse and looked up at the now crying brunette. The witch was currently trying to bring a spoonful of soup to her mouth but her entire arm was shaking so badly that the spoon was now empty, its contents covering the robes of the distressed woman. "Hermione, what's wrong?" Mrs. Weasley asked with concern. Charlie and Ginny turned just as Hermione's eyes rolled to the back of her head. Charlie managed to catch her as she fell backwards off the bench. "Hermione!" Ginny yelled. "Ron, go get her potion! Charlie, take her to the sofa quickly!" Harry ordered as he and Ron jumped from their seats, Ron rushing up the stairs while Harry followed Charlie into the living room. After Charlie had laid the now completely shaking witch onto the sofa Harry pulled his wand out. "Langlock!" He spelled Hermione's tongue to the top of her mouth so that she wouldn't bite through it. "Harry, what's happening?" Charlie demanded. "She didn't take her potion this morning. She's having a magical seizure," the young wizard explained to the room. By this time Ron had returned with a small vial that contained a dark red potion. Harry heard Mrs. Weasley gasp as she recognized the liquid but he ignored her, quickly doing the countercurse for the langlock so that he could force the potion down Hermione's throat. As soon as he was finished he respelled the witch. Slowly the potion began to work its magic as Hermione's body started to stop shaking. "That was a bad one." Ron nodded with tears in his eyes. Harry, however, was angry. "I told her to take the damn thing but she was too bloody stubborn. She knows what happens when she doesn't take it." "I know that, but it's Hermione. She doesn't like being dependent on anything," Ron said with a fond smile at the now sleeping witch. "But what happens if this happens when we aren't there?" Harry demanded. "We aren't always going to be there Harry," Ron said sadly. "Hermione is not going to let us control her life." "Ronald Weasley and Harry Potter, I want an explanation and I want it now," the boys jumped as they remembered that they were not alone in the room. Mrs. Weasley was looking fearfully at them. "That potion is only used on people who have been under the Cruciatus Curse for long periods of time." Charlie and Ginny gasped. "Why is Hermione taking it daily ?" Ron glanced at Harry who shook his head. "I'm sorry mum but it's not our decision to tell. Let's let Hermione sleep and then you can ask her." Mrs. Weasley was about to protest when Ron spoke again. "And if she doesn't want to talk about it then you won't pressure her. Not about this." An hour later, Hermione was awake and had been informed what had happened. She sadly nodded and said they should probably know especially now that her secret potion was out. She asked Mrs. Weasley to hold a family dinner so that she would only have to say it once. Mrs. Weasley had agreed and sent out owls immediately. Dinner was tense. Mrs. Weasley had explained in the owls what had happened to Hermione during lunch but she hadn't mentioned the potion. The