Story: Loyalty Across Time Word Count: 17,145 Summary: Two siblings, a brother and a sister, closer than ever were ripped apart by space and time, but they made a promise to each other and nothing would keep them apart. Pairing: Severus/ Hermione/ Tom Warnings: Will become somewhat of a polyfic though not much explicit detail- only mentions, so no lemons. Sorry for those who like them, I do very much but don't have much expertise in that area :) I don't have a beta so bear with me if there are any mistakes! P.S. - Somewhat of incest, in this world anyway... A/N: More stories to come! Please read my other story Heart of the Monster I would love some reviews on it and this one… thank you for reading my Lovelies! Disclaimer: J.K. Rowling owns these amazing books, I just tinker around with her characters. Enjoy! ~.O.~ 1 . The Past and a Loss of Identity Hogwarts, The Great Hall, 1943 " I'm going to go to bed," a girl whispered in the boy's ear who sat beside her dressed in silver and green. Looking remarkably similar to her in the way that they had the same cold grey eyes that only held warmth for each other, both with the dashing looks that could get anyone to do anything they want them to. " I'll be up in a while, love," the boy said, his eyes melting from the frigidness of staring down, but not outright glaring, at the wandering eyes of the boys who often kept their eyes on his sister too much for his liking. Chucking, the girl gave the boy a swift kiss right beside his mouth to be platonic siblings, finally making everyone avert their eyes from the odd couple. " Try not to kill anyone tonight Tom, Dumbledore is already growing suspicious enough of us without every boy who talks to me disappearing." Smirking, Tom just kissed his sister's hand and turned back to his dinner saying, "Yes, Ma'am." Still smiling as she walked out of the Great Hall, ignoring the whispers and 'hidden' glares coming from around her, her petite body was pulled forcibly into a dark alcove in the hall. " I'm sorry Hermione, you will only make him stronger in the years to come," Hermione heard a familiar voice whisper in her ear, as she realized she was incapacitated; her head going fuzzy with and an uncomfortable feeling in her navel as her last thought was "Tom," feeling her heartbeat start to increase in rare panic along with the one she has always been able to feel in her twin, his voice echoing her name in her head. Her body ultimately giving under the insistent pull of the darkness, all that as left was a life-like silver necklace of an emerald eyed snake slithering in and out of the eyes of a skull, a tiny black lavender flower nestled in the grinning mouth. 2. A new Life London, 1979 "Isn't she beautiful?" Diane Granger asked her husband, in her arms a wrapped pink bundle containing a beautiful little girl by the name Hermione Jean Granger. "She takes after her mother," Mr. Granger told his wife, who looked up at him with an adoring smile, then back to the curly haired babe cradled to her hospital gown covered chest. As the babe involuntarily gripped the man's finger, his eyes teared up just a bit. "She's our little miracle Jean. The gods gave us a little girl." "She's going to be extraordinary Mark," she said, as her newborn's eyes opened to reveal the most breathtakingly smoky colored eyes she had ever seen. "Absolutely extraordinary." .~O~. Hermione Granger was indeed going to become extraordinary, as her parents had always told her would be, but at this moment in time she didn't think it was a good thing. She never felt as if she really belonged, not even with her parents who loved and adored her to the ends of the earth, but she couldn't help but feel as if something was missing. As if the life she was living wasn't meant to be, as if there was someone missing from her waking life. The only time she didn't feel this was when she dreamt. She dreamt of another life, one where she lived happily no matter the unhappiness around her. One where a boy lived with her, a boy who she felt she belonged with no matter what. He talked to her in her mind whenever the other children ridiculed her for her bookishness and oddness when she woke to her reality, he loved her, and he was the only thing that felt real. 3. A Little Too Close Wool's Orphanage, 1937 Hermione didn't like sleeping alone, not at all. The orphanage blankets were scratchy and didn't offer much warmth, the lumpy mattress was not comfortable, and no other girls would be bunked in the same room as they were all scared of her. What she really wanted was her brother's warmth and scent surrounding her. Silently stepping out of bed, her little feet carried her shivering body covered in only a thin white nightdress to the door down the hall and slipped inside, closing the door behind her as to not alert the matron she was where she wasn't supposed to be. Inside a pale, skinny boy similar to her lay wide awake, also not accepting sleep without his twin wrapped with him in warmth. Slipping into bed with her brother, Hermione immediately stopped shivering as he wrapped his arms around her, her legs around his, and an unnatural warmth filled the air around him as their magic recognizes it's twin. " Better love?" the boy asked into his sister's mass of chestnut-brown curls, her head bobbing slightly, and tucking her face into his warm chest, finally allowing the sandman to pull them under. " I don't like it that they separated us, Tommy," she muttered sleepily into his chest as he kissed the top of her head and tangled the hand not around her waist into the mass. Night turned into day, and the siblings didn't awake until a plump unpleasant woman pulled them both out of bed, screeching that it was indecent for siblings to be sleeping in the same bed at the teenage age they were at. Taken outside, the siblings were whipped until they promised to never do it again, although they would never admit they most certainly would. " I'm sorry I didn't wake up earlier 'Mione," Tom said, carefully pulling off the thin dress away from the dried blood on his sister's back, making her hiss in displeasure. " I could have woken up too Tommy, it's not your fault," she said, straightening in the yellow light of the bathroom, now naked except for her white cotton panties. Turning to unbutton her twin's nightshirt and pull it off him, not at all uncomfortable being naked in her twin's presence, or at his wandering eyes. Reaching up as he was a good half foot taller than her already, she put a hand on his now bare shoulder to help pull his arms out of his sleeves, him not flinching a bit at the slight sting of the cloth separating from his open wounds. Turning him around, her hands rested lightly on the top of his shoulders, calling forth on the advanced magic they shared, running them lightly down his back, he shivered the wounds knitted closed before Hermione's eyes. Angling back to where she was standing in front of him, Tom grabbed her hips, careful of the whip marks that had managed to wrap around them, he lightly kissed the corner of her mouth as her arms twisted around his waist. " I should have healed you first, love." " They don't hurt that much anymore. There's just throbbing." Pulling her closer to him to where their bare chests were compressed together, he healed her back much in the same way she did him. His large hands warmed her spine from the frigid air outside, and his chest warming her pebbled mounds of flesh. As their arms wrapped more securely around each other, Tom made her a promise he had every intention of keeping until a man who claimed to be of the 'light' took her away from him. "I will never let anyone hurt you again Hermione. For as long as I love you, I will always protect you; and I will love you until after death. That is a promise." Looking up into her brother's face, her twin, her hands cupped his face and brought their foreheads together. " Do you promise me always Tommy?" " I promise you always, love." 4. The Heir She never told her parents about the voice in her head, even though she knew it wasn't natural for a voice to be in a one's head telling her to stab her bullies with the teacher's scissor's. Or when she started to understand what snakes. "Prrettyyy human. Prrettyyy girl. Prrettyyy warm ssskinn to crawl around." Hermione heard a voice on the ground say in the backyard garden one day while sitting plucking the petals off a full red rose. Looking down, Hermione saw a small black scaled snake with light blue-grey belly lifting it's head, sticking it's black forked tongue out to her. " Look my love," Tom whispered in her head, " he likes us. They always like us." "Hello," the girl said to the snake, holding out her arm for it to crawl up. "Nicceee girl," the snake hissed crawling around her arm. ~.O.~ " Look at all the shops Tom!" Hermione said excitedly, pulling on the hand Tom was holding onto in the direction of one of the book stores. "So many books!" " I'm sure Hogwarts will have plenty of books my love," he said, smiling indulgently at his twin, pulling her in the direction of Ollivander's Wand Shoppe. " Ohh, twins," a man with blonde hair all about his head said as soon as they walked in, "I've just the thing. Haven't had twins in a while." The twins glanced at each other then back to the man who they assumed was the owner, Ollivander, who was busy opening long thin boxes from seemingly random places. Hearing him cheer in joy, the couple turned back from observing the shop. Two wands were held out in front of them, Tom taking his in his right hand and Hermione in her left as they still held hands in the middle. Ollivander explained the making, "13 and ½ inches for the boy 10 and ½ inches for the girl, outer beech, with a phoenix feather core from the same-" he broke off to stare in wonder at the magic that flowed from the two wands. Shiny dark silver magic flowed from Hermione's wand and amber gold leaked from Tom's, coming together to form a snake like form of magic that admitted sensual magic as it flowed around Ollivander's head, peaking it's tongue out to flick him on the cheek. Yanking his head away from it to stare awed with a flicker of fear at the two standing before him, both looking decidedly calm at the advanced magic they did, he hastily pushed them out stating they were both free of charge. Stepping out into the sun they smirked at each other and wrapped their arms more securely around each other, pushing through the bustling street towards Knockturn Alley. Making their way into the pet shop, they looked disinterested at the shaggy cats, ruddy owls, and oozing toads until their eyes stopped right at the only animal they were interested in. A nest of snakes. A medium sized red mother slay curled by the glass in the sun, along with many of her offspring piled atop each other. These were also not what caught their eyes. A slightly larger silver-grey snakelet lay curled up away from her brothers and sisters, keeping