AN: Exactly what the summary and title say; Harry sucks cock A LOT and enjoys it. If you don't like slash then WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING HERE? Also, oodles of Drarry smutty fun interspersed with the Snarry, although it is a Snarry fic, so don't get your knickers in a twist! I just used Draco shamelessly (much like Harry does) in order to move the plot along and add in more hot gay sex mixed with jealousy and rage. So, yeah, enjoy! Harry sat at home in his bedroom at the Dursley's, his sheets on the floor and his cock in his hand. At sixteen years of age, Harry was hardly a newcomer to masturbation; after all, he and his friends had been wanking since their Third year, some even since Second. No, Harry was no stranger to the act; what he was a stranger to, however, was the subject matter to which he was wanking to. Before, it had always been thoughts and images of girls he knew: Ginny, Lavender, Cho, even Hermione if he was desperate. Now, though, those sorts of images didn't work for him. Now he needed images of strong muscular chests and thighs, boys in their Quidditch gear with a broomstick between their legs, scruffy stubble and a large, masculine hand on his cock. Now, Harry needed thoughts of boys he knew to get him off. It wasn't entirely surprising, to be honest. His affection for Cho hadn't ever really been more than a fleeting crush, and his feelings for Ginny were pretty much as any brother would have for his sister. The thought of breasts was boring, while the thought of a hard cock in his ass made him rock hard; after thinking about that , it was hardly difficult to come to the right conclusion. He was gay. Harry Potter, savior of the Wizarding world, the Chosen One, was 100%, indubitably into cock. It was nice to know something so solid and unchanging about himself for a change, and Harry hastened to inform his friends of his discovery. Hermione wrote back immediately and said she had suspected all along. Her postscript made him giggle for a whole minute. ps. Ron now owes me ten galleons and one of those fancy new quills at Scrivenshafts. I told him you'd come out soon, but he didn't think you would until at least graduation. Poor Ronald, so oblivious. pps. Oh, I'd forgotten; now I can ask you to buy me a scarf and such for Christmas and not feel terribly awkward that you'll have to wander about the Women's section alone. Lucky me! When Ron's letter arrived by owl only a few hours later, it had a multitude of post-scripts added by each member of the family. Harry smiled as he read through them all. ps from Ron. Well, there goes all my spending money. Now I have to buy Hermione a new quill and give her ten galleons! Do you think she'll settle for the quill if I agree to let the rest acrue interest? ps from Gred and Forge. Harry! We knew we saw you checking us out last year! Couldn't help but admire our dashing good looks and charm, of course. ps from Bill & Charlie. We fear Mum's planning on adding you to the mandatory knitting group. Good luck, mate. ps from Ginny. Hah! I knew there was a reason we didn't work out! Now I can tell stupid girls like Lavender that there really isn't anything wrong with me. Also, expect a makeover when I see you next. You are not getting out of it. ps from Percy. Congratulations, Harry. ps from Mr. Weasley. Good for you, son! We are happy for you, although Molly is a bit sad she won't get any grandbabies from you. Ah well, say la vee as those muggles say. ps from Mrs. Weasley. Oh Harry darling, that's wonderful news! I'll be sure to bake you a special cake for the occaision, so you can properly celebrate. Now you just have to focus on finding yourself a handsome young man. Oh, and don't expect to wiggle out of the mandatory parents-meet-the-girlfriend routine, just because you'll be bringing a boy! Although I know whoever you choose will be a perfect gentleman...oh dear, Ron says I'm taking up too much space and making this too long. Very well, if I must go then I must go. Goodbye, Harry dear, and stay safe! Don't forget to use those muggle contraptions, what are they called- cunduns? Codums? Well, you know what I mean. We love you, write back when you can. Harry choked when he read the last line of Mrs. Weasley's very long postscript. Condoms!? She was telling him to use condoms?! Harry felt himself flushing and quickly flipped the letter over so he would not have to see it. Out of sight out of mind, and all that. Although he still wished the floor would open up and swallow him. God, Mums should never speak of such things...ever. Anyways, now it was hours later and he was laying in bed, his sheets on the floor and his hand on his cock, twisting and stroking it quickly as he thought about his various Quidditch teammates in the shower, professional Quidditch stars he'd always found alluring, some of the more... striking ...paintings of men that lined Hogwarts's halls. As his visions and images blurred together in his mind, he thought about his hand being another boy's hand, stroking him long and slow, and then that hand became a man's hand, cupping his sack and rubbing his perineum lightly. Then that hand became attached to a thin, pale body, tall and sleek, undulating above him in a very carnal fashion. Harry's hand moved quicker and his hips jerked upwards to thrust into his fist as he imagined that imaginary man sucking him deep into his throat...or him sucking the man's cock deep into his throat...mmmm, yes, that sounds lovely...and looks even lovelier... oOo As you can imagine, that summer was a very fun and exploratory one, despite Harry being required to stay at the Dursley's for the duration of the holiday. At one point during the month of July, Harry found himself in possession of some very illicit gay pornography courtesy of Hermione who believed it to be her duty as his best friend to teach him everything he could possibly need to know about being gay. So, on one of those rare nights when all the Dursley's were out together and weren't to be expected back until very late, Harry found himself seated on the couch in the sitting room, a DVD in the player and the television turned on with the volume up high. Which turned out to be a colossal mistake, since the very first thing to be heard was a very loud and throaty moan as the image of two men kissing came up on the screen. Harry hastily turned the volume down, not wanting the neighbors to notice anything and then have them report back to Aunt Petunia; he could only imagine what utter nonsense they'd make up about this . Although it might be better than the reality, considering he didn't think his Aunt and Uncle were the liberal progressive sort. Harry turned his attention back to the screen and watched (with the volume much lower) a very enjoyable fifteen minutes of spectacular gay sex. Who knew two men could do and enjoy so many things! Things were certainly looking up for Harry The Homosexual if all of those avenues were available to him. He watched the next fifteen minutes of spectacular gay sex and soaked up knowledge like a sponge, ignoring his raging hard on in favor of learning more; Hermione would be so proud of him. oOo Alone in his the house once again, Harry didn't bother going downstairs to view more gay porn films; he'd seen all the ones Hermione had sent him (some more than once; he was particularly fond of the one with all the rimming and the one with the Daddy kink. Harry was quite sure he had a huge Daddy kink) and having seen all the theory in a visible demonstration, now needed to practice them for himself. Practice does make perfect after all... Harry pressed his heels to the bed and bent his knees, making sure he could reach his arse properly before opening the large tub of lube Hermione had sent during the first week of August as a late birthday present. He dipped his fingers in and then reached down to spread it across his crack and hole, making sure to rub slowly and thoroughly. He felt his cock twitch and harden as he began the slow process of pressing one finger into his arse, and moaned quietly as he managed to work his finger in up to the second knuckle. He wriggled a bit, trying to find a more comfortable position for his legs to be in, before withdrawing his finger slightly and then pushing it back in. Harry's breath hitched and he felt a small dribble of precum drip onto his tensed stomach from the swollen head of his cock. God, this is hot. He pulled his finger all the way out, slicked a bit more lube onto it, and pressed it all the way in without thought, only wanting desperately to find that special thing inside of him that Hermione's magazines had said was called the "prostate gland". He let out a gasp as his fingertip brushed against something and his whole body quivered and jerked as if he'd been electrocuted. "Good god, that's amazing," he breathed as he brushed against it again and again, and his cock began to weep onto his stomach. Harry quickly removed his finger and slicked up with lube again, this time working two fingers into his hole and pressing them firmly in until they were as deep as they could go. He felt incredibly full, and although it was a bit uncomfortable, Harry knew it was only because he'd never done this before, and that once he got used to it, it would feel as natural as breathing, although ten times as good. He giggled a bit before scissoring his fingers like the magazine said to, and jolted again when one of them pressed against his prostate. He moaned much louder this time, aware that the house was empty so he could be as loud as he wanted. He left his cock untouched and slowly worked his two fingers in and out, trying to find some sort of rhythm that would work with the awkward position he was laying in. Suddenly he decided to try a different position, as the one he was using was only succeeding at making his legs cramp up; he knelt on the bed and reached behind himself, sliding his two fingers straight back into his arse with absolutely no trouble. He gasped and moaned again when one of his fingers pressed against his prostate, more fully this time as his fingers seemed to reach an even deeper place from this position. Harry closed his eyes and slowly fucked himself with those two fingers, using his free hand to reach back and spread his arse cheeks a bit in order to try and work a third finger in there. When the third finger slid in with little difficulty, Harry understood exactly why some men said they loved bottoming; he felt so absolutely full, stretched as he was around his three fingers, all three of them rubbing constantly against his prostate with each thrust. How, after knowing how beautifully spectacular it felt to be stretched and filled like that, could he not be a bottom? It simply wasn't possible. Not that he wouldn't like to try topping at some point, but even in his pre-knowledgeable fantasies, Harry had always been the one with the cock in his arse, not the other way