Title: Promise Pairing: GinnyxLuna Word Count: 4, 670 Summary: Compiled vignettes showing the progression of Ginny and Luna's relationship. oOo The first time Ginny Weasley saw the other girl, she was hugging her father goodbye. The day was cloudy and gray, and the platform bathed in London smog, the air thick with oncoming rain. None of that, however, stopped the girls' hair from shining like a halo around her face, as if the sun had been born from her curls. The gray dullness of the sky didn't change the fact that the girl's eyes were a shade of blue Ginny herself had never seen and had no words to describe. The thickness of the smog-filled air didn't change the fact that the girl's laugh sounded like the tinkle of a thousand silver bells all ringing out at once, somehow harmonious and melodic at the same time. Ginny stood beside her parents, eyes following the blonde's progress through the crowd and onto the train. In a sort of dazed dreamlike state, Ginny let her parents hug her and say goodbye, making absentminded promises to write every day. When her thoughts finally cleared, she found herself standing on the Hogwart's Express, trunk in tow, making her way down the corridor. The first open compartment she came across was empty but for someone's trunk, and so she slid inside and pushed her own trunk up onto the rack alongside the other one. "Oh, you've decided to join me." Ginny nearly fell over in surprise as she spun around to see who had managed to sneak up on her. Her thoughts came to a crashing halt when her eyes alighted upon the same blonde girl from before, the one she had seen on the platform, and she could do nothing but stammer out an apology as she stared. "I- I'm sorry, was, is- I mean, is this your compartment?" The girl blinked slowly before moving further into the compartment and sitting down slowly. "Well, it isn't as if I own the compartment, but if you mean did I choose to sit here, then yes, I suppose this is my compartment. At least, that is my trunk up on the rack beside yours." The girl pointed up at the rack above their heads and smiled dreamily. Ginny had to shake herself before she could respond, and flopped down onto the bench across from the other girl. "Sorry, I hope I'm not intruding or anything." The blonde smiled and shook her head. "You are, but it is far from unwelcome. In fact, I'm glad for it; Daddy told me to find someone to sit with on the train, or else it could get terribly lonely. I'm Luna, by the way." Smiling shyly, Ginny ducked her head down a bit. "Okay then, thank you. I was afraid I wasn't going to have anyone to sit with at all, so I'm glad I've found you. I'm Ginny." They sat and talked for a bit about nothing of importance, the sorts of things people who've just met generally discuss. It wasn't long before Ginny's brothers were popping in to disturb them, and she found herself distracted. By the time they reached their destination, Ginny didn't know much more about Luna than her name, and she didn't have the chance to ask anything more before they were standing in line to be sorted. They weren't really friends, not even really acquaintances, but Ginny couldn't help feeling a little bit sad when Luna was sorted into Ravenclaw instead of Gryffindor. She didn't let it stop her from grinning, however, when the Sorting Hat shouted out "GRYFFINDOR!" the moment it touched her orange hair. She jumped up with her arms in a V above her head and joined her brothers at the Gryffindor table, every single one of them cheering as she did so. It wasn't until she found herself fighting over the last baked potato with Percy that she caught sight of the other girl again, and she had to force herself to stop staring when Percy managed to steal the baked potato right off of her plate. The second time Ginny saw Luna Lovegood, they were both rushing through the halls of Hogwarts. Unfortunately, they were going in opposite directions, and Ginny only saw Luna at all because they ended up crashing into one another, the blonde's books tumbling to the floor. "Oh! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to-," Ginny knelt down and began picking the fallen books up, trying to stack them neatly together. Luna knelt as well and helped her, smiling and shaking her head. "It's perfectly alright. I wasn't watching where I was going." Ginny smiled and gathered the stack of books, holding them to her chest as she stood. "Neither was I," she said truthfully, and when Luna reached out a hand for her books, Ginny shook her head. "No, let me carry them for you." Luna blinked her wide blue eyes. "I'm going to Ravenclaw Tower, which is in the complete opposite direction from Gryffindor Tower." Her head was tilted slightly to the side, and her brow furrowed in confusion. Shrugging as much as she could while holding a stack of heavy books, Ginny said, "I know," and then turned around and began the walk, glancing back over her shoulder at Luna with a small smile. Luna eventually followed, skipping to catch up, and the pair of them walked side by side in companionable silence the entire way to Ravenclaw Tower. When they arrived, Ginny watched Luna answer the riddle to open the door, before finally handing the books over. She smiled once again before turning to leave the way she had come. Luna's voice stopped her mid-step. "Wait." It was the first word Luna had spoken since they'd begun their journey, and Ginny could only glance over her shoulder with one eyebrow raised in question. "Thank you." Luna's face was open and unguarded, her wide blue eyes shining with something Ginny wasn't quite able to read. She was holding the stack of books tightly against herself, almost like a shield. "Anytime." She said sincerely and stood there smiling happily until Luna was out of sight behind the door of the Ravenclaw common room. It wasn't until then that she turned back around and made her way down flight after flight of stairs, and through corridor after corridor until she eventually reached Gryffindor Tower. It took her nearly an hour longer than it should have to join her friends in the common room, and she had to sit out of a few rounds of Exploding Snap as a result. But Ginny honestly couldn't find it in herself to care. She'd said anytime, and she'd meant it. The third time she saw Luna, they found themselves sitting next to one another in History of Magic. It was one of the only classes the Gryffindor's had with Ravenclaw, and after a while, the two girls decided to sit together. Ginny usually spent each one of Binns's lessons switching between napping and doodling and found conversing with Luna a refreshing change from her boring routine. So while Binns talked about the Goblin war of 1562, Luna and Ginny discussed their favorite flavor of ice cream (Luna liked cinnamon raspberry and a Muggle flavor called 'bubblegum', but Ginny preferred strawberry and chocolate). During a lecture on the mightiest Goblin wartime generals, Luna told Ginny about the time her dad and mom took her to the Amazon forest to search for Fizzily Blimpets. While ignoring an extremely repetitive lesson about the turning point in Goblin history, Ginny talked about how difficult it was to grow up the youngest child of seven, as well as the only girl. Eventually, chatting during class turned into chatting in the halls, which then turned into extended conversations on Hogwarts grounds. Ginny learned about Luna's love of animals, wind chimes, and rain, and Luna learned that Ginny hated squash, was allergic to shellfish and liked to climb trees. Ginny found herself awaiting each History class eagerly, and felt happiest when she was with Luna, whether or not they were talking animatedly, or just sitting together in silence. She made more and more time each day for the blonde, only spending time in her common room when she was unable to find Luna anywhere, or when she began to feel guilty for neglecting her housemates. "The thing you love most in the world." "My father." "I said thing, not person. What's the thing you love most in the world." "Are people not also things?" Ginny laughed and tossed a handful of grass at Luna from where she was stretched out on the ground. "Okay then, what is the thing you love most, other than your dad?" Luna hummed as she plucked blades of grass from her hair. "Apricot jam. No, goldfish. Or maybe the color purple." Giggling, Ginny pushed herself up into a sitting position and pointed a finger. "Hey, you're supposed to pick a single thing, not just name everything you like!" "Yes, but there are so many wonderful things, how can I possibly pick just one?" Luna smiled softly and pushed her hair out of her eyes. She glanced up at the sky as the first raindrop fell, and reached up a hand to touch her wet cheek. "Like rain; I love rain too, it's certainly one of my favorite things." She tilted her face up and closed her eyes just as the sky opened up above them and water began to pour down. Ginny shrieked as she became soaked immediately, and she jumped up. "Ack! You didn't tell me it was going to rain!" She pushed her already soaking hair off her face and smiled as she reached a hand down to pull Luna up off of the ground. "Come on, let's go look for someplace more sheltered than the middle of a field." "You don't want to go inside?" Ginny shook her head and grinned. "Nah, I know you love the rain, and probably want to like, skip through it or whatever. So we'll stay out here, but I would like to be able to watch it without feeling like I'm swimming on land." She grabbed hold of Luna's hand and pulled her along. Luna's voice was soft as she said, "Really? You don't mind?" When Ginny answered with, "Nope, anything for you," Luna tightened her hand around Ginny's and laughed the laugh that was like a thousand silver bells. The first time they kissed, it was like coming home. Ginny was standing in a meadow, watching Luna spin about picking wildflowers, wearing a daisy chain crown. The sun was shining and the weather beautiful, and when Luna turned to smile at her, Ginny couldn't help herself. She stepped forward, hands coming up to gently hold the sides of Luna's face, and her lips pressed against the blonde's as softly as possible. When Ginny opened her eyes and stepped back, it was to see Luna's eyes half shut, the blue a shade darker than normal. She felt her stomach twist up into knots, and felt apprehensive. She waited for Luna's response with bated breath. With a hand coming up to press against her lips, Luna sighed. "Was- why did you-," Ginny shook her head and smiled. Her nerves left her suddenly, and she took a tiny step forward, her arms wanting to wrap themselves around the other girl more than anything. "Luna, I like you." Luna looked at her for a moment. "I like you, too. You kissed me." "Yes." Ginny's eyes crinkled slightly. "Why?" Luna's eyebrows drew together in her confusion, and her eyes clouded over slightly, no longer half closed. Ginny breathed in slowly. "Because I like you. Because it's summer, and you're beautiful." Luna no longer looked confused. "Oh," she breathed out softly, and her cheeks were tinged pink, her lips pulling up in a shy smile. "Oh." With a smile, Ginny allowed her arms to finally wrap