I'm going to be blunt with you. This is, more or less, a love story. I'm not gonna lie and say that it's got all of the awesome battles and heroes and warriors, or something like, I don't know, children of gods (ha! How ridiculous would that be?). Sorry to break it to you, but we're just people. Regular old, dramatic people. We were young and stupid, and we happened to meet and fall into what we thought was love. Seventeen really is too young, believe me. Cherish your youth while it lasts because it does not go on forever. One day you'll be sitting in an apartment and wondering where the hell your life went wrong, just like me. (Okay, I'm far from a bad life but more on that later.) Back to what I was saying...love. Right. It is possibly the most overused and dramatic emotion in the history of humanity. Wise men slave over the puzzlement of 'love' and what it means. It is passion, fury, hate, desire, pleasure, romance, pain, all of those things. Everyone wants love in their life, and I, sadly, was no exception. Once again, seventeen truly is too young. I don't necessarily like to lie, but I like to think that it takes a certain skill to be able to be a pathological liar like me. Call it what you will, lying is just another part of my life, sad as that seems to be. Most people argue over the concept of the main things in life; happiness, wealth, and love. Those are just a few, but love is always in there. Happiness is often associated with love, but not always. Romeo and Juliet aren't a famous symbolism for nothing. Their story tells the tale of two young lovers willing to sacrifice even their lives for each other, with a theme and meaning so deep it touches the hearts of nations and poets throughout the years. Love is such an important thing that everyone wants and cannot live without. Personally, I believe that oxygen is more important, and the only theme I can ever find within that dreadful play is that love is tragic and we all end up dying in the end. (I can imagine this is where I part ways with some- if not most- of you. Boring you already? My apologies, but I did start off with a decent warning, did I not?) I don't mean to sound overbearing, but you're here to listen to a good story, right? Maybe entertain yourself with the horrible writing? Well, I've always been more of an architect myself, but to each his own, remember that. Let me try again; you are here to listen to a story, probably about me and my love interest, and goad over the tragic lessons of life that are really of no value? Here's the thing- I'm fictional. I know it. I'm just a character that will never have a place in your world and will forever remain a figment of your imagination for the rest of your life. I'm not real. I could be, I suppose. But the me you are hearing from now is simply the product of someone's imagination and wifi. (Sorry.) However, I could very well still be a person. Whether I be merely words on a screen or an actual being, I suppose that's up for you to decide. But this is a story all the same, one I personally think is worth telling. Who knows? You might even learn something. I have come to realize that people don't like to change their opinions, so perhaps that's a bit much to hope for. Moving on now, if you are still here, this isn't just a love story. It's my life. Or, a portion of it. I'm sure if this were actually my life I'd fall dead of boredom, myself. But, of course, it has other aspects. Ones that you can probably connect with. So, maybe I lied when I said that there were no heroes. The only problem, I'm not quite sure who was who. Just like the saying goes, there's two sides to everything. I suppose that's a lie, too. There's more than just two. There can be three, four, five, as many as there possibly can be. But I'm only one person so you're a bit limited. (Sorry.) I will tell you now that some of this story, you will not like. I'm not exactly proud of everything I did or everything that happened. Maybe if I were braver or just overall... Too late, I guess. That's another thing, do not believe them when they say it's never too late. Sometimes, certain things can be overdue, but often times, the moment comes, passes, and you're left with nothing but regrets and too late's. How are you supposed to know when the moment comes? Simple- you don't. No one does. If they say they do, they are lying. Sometimes you hit it right on the mark and sometimes it just flies completely overhead. There's nothing you can do. I sound an awful lot like a pessimist. I probably am. Can you blame me? Well, of course not, you don't even know me. But don't worry, you will. If you care to do so and keep reading. You cannot fail to look inside something simply because it does not look appealing or eye catching. Those are the best ones. What are they? I wonder. I fear I do not know that myself. Lots of people believe them to be books. I think them to be simple metaphors. My brain is hardwired for logic and plain fact, you'll have to excuse me. I get along better with numbers, letters, and a sketchpad than a person. Give me calculus or chemistry any day. I sincerely hope this story does come to satisfaction to you. It was quite endearing, and I'm not entirely sure if it was worth it. The choices we make heavily inflict upon our futures, don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise. Seize the moment, they will say. You have to look into their eyes and say, 'there are more important things'. Because, really, there are. Your life will move on whether you're ready or not. Here's the secret grownups fail to tell you; the real world sucks. It's a dark, dangerous place where there's no one you can trust. You are going to be on your own and you're going to have to just deal with it because God knows that's all we can ever do. Believe me this one time when I tell you that I am not lying. I don't want to frighten you of the future or anything, but it's the truth. (Sorry.) It's just the same routine over and over again. Why don't they get it? I'm just not interested. It's not like I have the whole school wrapped around my finger, but there are still more guys than I'd like that are interesting in capturing my attention. Oh, give me a break. It's always been me and me alone. Me, myself, and I against the world. I think I heard Reyna say that once. Seems fitting enough. But honestly, everyone is a bit melodramatic. High school has been the same story three years in a row. I can remember a time when I actually wanted to be noticed a little, back in freshman year when I was still invisible Annabeth. What I wouldn't give for one day of that again. It's not that my life is bad, I have plenty of friends, but they don't really know me, and I prefer to keep it that way. In a few months, I'll be out of New York and somewhere far away, where I'll probably never see any of them ever again. So, what does it matter, really? Who cares if you're popular or good at sports? I certainly don't. Academics are way more important than anything. Sure, sports scholarships are always offered, but what can you do with that? Nobody made success without hard work and dedication. Which is what I intend- success. That's all that's in my future, and I will do anything to keep it there. It's not really sacrificing a social life for good grades when you never had one in the first place. But I could care less. Maybe I'll wonder what the Friday night parties are like, or the regular hangout place everyone insists upon, but I have homework to do, studying to worry about. Others should be more open to the future. It's closer than they think, and creeps up second by second, and you don't even realize it's gone until it is. I can't afford petty distractions like those things. Dating is another thing I find completely pointless. So why bother? Because simple logic. All the great love stories start with the girl despising the opposite gender. They don't acknowledge them, and yet all the guys want her. I don't want to be in that situation. That just ends up being more work on my behalf. So, instead, I accept any boy who is brave (or stupid, take your pick) enough to ask me out. But I don't like leaving any roots. I can almost feel the letter of acceptance in my hands and I don't need anything tying me down. It edges off most of the suitors, and yet, I still don't give off the right vibe. They still seem to sense that I'm not interested and attempt to break down my icy facade that I let down for no one. Why would they think that they're special? They're all no different from the rest. Just like me. Why am I so desirable? I'm just ordinary. By all definition, I guess I'm not bad looking. I am not vain nor insecure, just honest. The name of the boy before me completely slips my mind. Should I feel bad? Yes, definitely. But my pride won't allow me to feel sorry for someone I'll only know for a week or so. "And...um, I was wondering...if...maybe, you wanted to...go out sometime?" he stammers. I'll admit, I appreciate the gesture. I don't exactly want to be intimidating, I just want to be invisible. Appreciate going unnoticed, it doesn't last forever. But, instead, I plaster a smile to my face and kindly accept his offer. The boy seems to light up with confidence after this. I'm glad he's not like others. All the ones before thought that they were the best thing in the world and wanted a hard-to-get girl who would give them a challenge. Too bad they thought they could break me when I am unbreakable. I'm trained especially for these types of things. My future has a lot of things in it but 'relationships' aren't one of them. They take too much time, effort, commitment, and overall emotion. I probably sound like a robot, but it is truly easier to focus when I don't have anything else to worry about. It's the same routine over and over again. They smile like they've just won a Nobel Peace Prize, and I remain calm and collected behind closed castle walls they foolishly believe I've let down for them. It's the same story, a new chapter that's just as repetitive and pointless as the last. I cant help but worry that my entire life will always be like this, but college will be better. I'll be able to be successful and take back my life that I have devoted to my future. Not that I really want to be in any sort of social spotlight, but being able to breathe every now and then would be nice. I'm already ahead on almost all of my classes and I have a good record, I can't afford to think otherwise. School was created to learn, not to be social. I wish other people would learn that. No, maybe not learn, understand would be better. Drama is