Chapter 1 So what about now, when the war ends? What's the right thing to do? When warriors come home after long absences spent doing bloody work ripping the last breath from others? You can run out to meet them, to show by your greeting that you love them and missed them and prayed for them, but their eyes are different, the way they stand is different, the way they talk is different. They have seen horrors that you could not imagine if you tried and, if you did, could not stand to bear. They are not the same and never will they be the same because war has changed them and has changed what they fought so hard to preserve. Freedom is enslaved by the bonds of memories. Freedom is not what they dreamed, and yet still you live it, and still think maybe it was worth it. But is it? Is freedom worth a city of the walking dead? Iliana set her pen down and looked out the window. The sun was setting, streaking the orange sky with brilliant beams of red and pink and purple. A cool breeze rushing in signaled a cool night ahead, though it was still an hour or so away, and when she stuck her head out and looked to the left, she could see the night fog beginning to roll up the river. Out on the field over which the magnificent sunset was dominating the earth and heavens, several small black figures were moving towards the city at an alarming rate. She shook her head, sighed, and pulled her gaze back into the room. Several. A lot more than several men had left to fight, but only several were returning, and it just all felt so pointless to her. There. She'd admitted it. She wrote it down as if to prove to herself she was brave enough to put actual words to her feelings, then sat back in her chair and rested her head against the cool stone wall. Yes, this was all pointless to her. What she had just written was all true, except the war ending. The war wasn't ending yet. Not anywhere close. And, unfortunately, what she had written was painfully optimistic. There wasn't ever going to be any bittersweet freedom. This fighting was pointless to her, because it was just a slow, painful, long death for everyone in the city. Instead of the entire city being burned and all its inhabitants killed at once, what they had signed themselves up for instead was a constant terror, a paralyzing fear at all hours of the day that the end was about to come, and the sharp, incessant stab wounds that came every time the men rode out and every time so few of them returned. What the city had opted to do, this fighting as long as they could, was so much more painful than the alternative, and it all felt so pointless to Iliana. Her father was among the warriors returning, but she would not go down to meet him. He would amble through the door soon, complaining about the fighting, the death, the blood, and she hated him for that, for complaining. He shouldn't complain. He had no right to complain. He should be in reverent silence, horrified suspension of animation for his comrades that he had just seen fall, but they weren't his comrades because he was no warrior. He was a coward. He was an Elven man afraid of death, but not brave enough to admit it. So every time he rode out with the men who were willing to die to buy their wives and children just a couple more days of life; he rode out with them, and then he hid until it was all over, and then rode back, claiming glory for surviving. Iliana hated glory and she hated the survivors and she hated everyone who fought but she mostly hated him. She wanted to kill him, but she knew she couldn't. Not because he was her father, or because she felt any sort of admiration or adoration for him, but because he might yet have a part to play, he might yet take an arrow or a stab for someone who needed to live, and she didn't want to rob him of that fate. Iliana sighed and rose from the chair. She didn't really want to be here when her father returned, so instead she wandered into the den where Rylan was drawing. He had really picked up that hobby lately –not that he hadn't always been an artist, but lately he had started actually dedicating lots of his time to drawing anything and everything. She walked up behind him and looked over his shoulder at the drawing, a bloody sword leaning up against a broken stone wall beside a dented helmet and a quiver of arrows with feathers tied to the end. She just watched his hand move across the paper with the piece of coal that he had whittled into a point for a couple minutes, the only sound the scratch against the paper. He finally finished and set the coal down and held the picture up for both of them to see. "Well?" "It's amazing, Rylan. I'm going to see if I can find you some paints and let's see what you can do with those." Rylan shook his head, "No, I don't know how to use paints. This is all I've ever used." "I'm sure you'll figure it out. You're a smart kid." "You don't have to buy my love, Mum." Iliana laughed and gathered his blonde hair into a pony tail at the nape of his neck, then wrapped her arms around his shoulders to rest her chin on his shoulder. "I sure hope not. But I'll find you paints either way." Rylan picked the coal back up to sign his name and put the date in the corner like Iliana had made him start doing when he was really young, then set the piece of coal back into a wooden box where he kept several other pieces. Iliana watched this, then suggested, "Do you want to go for a walk?" "Is Grandfather coming home?" "Of course." "All right, then." Rylan put this new drawing in the cupboard, sliding it in amongst so many others that Iliana had made sure to preserve, then grabbed fresh paper and a piece of coal from the box. She grabbed her cloak from the hook by the door and tossed Rylan his own. They had lived here among the men and women of Gondor for a little over two years now, yet still there were few who knew they were there. Denethor knew, of course, and his sons Faramir and Boromir, and it was impossible to completely hide themselves, so many citizens had seen or at least heard of the especially beautiful woman and her beautiful son. But in times like these, no one really cared about their neighbor or what race they might be or who they might be. So Iliana and Rylan kept to themselves and avoided all contact with anyone except Denethor, Faramir, Boromir, and a couple servants in the palace. Iliana's father, of course, was a warrior, at least by name, and spent much of his time either with other soldiers of Gondor or else drinking his fears away in any of the pubs. However, years of hard living and a cold heart had stripped him of his Elven graces, and he had mutated until one could hardly see any resemblance between Iliana and her father. They stepped outside and Iliana grabbed Rylan's arm as a cart went rushing by, nearly plowing them over. Rylan shared an unamused look with his mother, then led the way up the crowded, bustling streets towards the palace. Lately, when Iliana asked to go for a walk, it was to there that she meant, since only there and in their home did she feel comfortable to take her cloak off and just be, and outside the city walls was much too dangerous for her to take a stroll. Why in the palace of Gondor, around crazy Denethor, Iliana felt comfortable was beyond even her understanding. However, almost immediately upon her arrival in Gondor, she had made acquaintances with Faramir and Boromir, and through them had been noticed by Denethor who, in his own creepy way, was rather fond of the beautiful Elven woman. Though one would never have guessed it, watching the grumpy man moan and groan about anything and everything to her, he enjoyed her presence, since it brought some little light in what he saw as a hopeless world. Or perhaps he recognized a common sympathy in her –she, too, though this war was hopeless. She too understood that no one was coming, that Rohan had abandoned her sister city, that the Elves had abandoned Arda, that the dwarves cared nothing for them, that Gondor stood alone against all the strength of Sauron, and it just wasn't enough. Perhaps he recognized this cynicism in her and appreciated it, though the two never spoke of it. Indeed he complained to her about the hopelessness of it all, but she refused to speak of it in front of her son, and, if Rylan wasn't present, she still refused to speak her opinion just for fear of anything she said getting back to Rylan. His grandfather was a coward; the last thing she wanted her son to learn was that his mother had no hope, which was perhaps even worse than cowardice. As soon as they were past the worst of the crowd, Rylan slowed down so that he and Iliana walked side by side, though they said nothing to each other, but just enjoyed being outside. There was a rush down to meet the returning warriors, to see who had managed to survive, to dole out the glory that Iliana so hated. So as they got closer to the palace, fewer and fewer people were there, so that even as they walked through the heavy front doors of the palace, Iliana shoved her hood back and didn't scold Rylan when he did the same. The guards stationed there nodded at them and let them through. Inside, Denethor was to be found moping around in his throne, splayed out like a toad on a stump with little command and no charm. When a guard announced Iliana and Rylan's arrival, Denethor reacted only by letting his head loll pathetically to see them enter. As Iliana approached the throne, Denethor groaned, "Oh, Iliana. Things are bad. Things are much worse than the last time we spoke." "Tell me about it. Food prices have sky-rocketed and I doubt I shall be able to feed my family much longer," Iliana nodded, stopping a few feet away and looking around the throne room, as if anything would have changed since her last visit two days ago. Denethor made a face and demanded, "What good is food at times like this? Soon we will no longer need food–" "Yet you seem to be quite enjoying it," Iliana argued, motioning to where plates of food sat out on the table, going to waste. Denethor followed her gaze and froze for a moment, then made another face and growled, "Bah, fine. Take what you want. Steal from a tired old steward." "It's not stealing if you've told me to take it, and I think I will," Iliana nodded, though opted to get fresh things from the kitchen before she left. Rylan walked up to stand beside his mother to see if they were going to stay here long enough for it to be worth him sitting down and drawing. Denethor stared at him for a moment as if he had never seen him in his life, then demanded, "How old are you?" "I just turned twelve. Sir," Rylan added as Iliana elbowed him. Even if Denethor was crazy, he