This is my first completed story, so I hope you find something interesting The bell sounded effectively ending Cory sleep. Yawning while sitting up in his desk, Cory listened to his teacher. He was drowning on an on about some assignment. Not that it mattered, really no one would do there's over winter break. "Would every one please listen. Yes I know all of you are excited for your break but still. Over these next three weeks I would like all of you to do something that involves your families. I would like for each person to research there family tree." Some groaned about the one subject that actually involved talking to there family members. "Research as far back as you can go. Talk to your grand parents, your uncles, even your parents. See were you all came from. How you came to be. It will be due the last day of school." Now that was different. Normally the old english teacher Mr. Rate. Yes I said Rate, no Cory not going to comment about it. He just did get off detention for just that. "I hope all of you find something interesting out that excites you." This had been their final class before leaving. Cory gathered his things. Consisting of one binder, a jacket he never used, and a tattered back pack. Students were saying goodbyes to Mr. Rate then running in to the halls. Almost to freedom Cory was stopped. "Cory could we talk for a moment." So close Cory thought as he stopped at the desk. "I know you of all people will have a little difficultly with this assignment." Gritting his teeth and biting his tongue, Cory waited. "What I want to say is. Every one is expected to at the very least try. Perhaps talk about what characteristics you might share with them." Shaking his head at the clueless teacher. Cory just continued to wait it out. "I hope I did not offend you. Many people have been leaft-," Cory marched out the door just then. Anger was playing in the back of his eyes. Ideas, bad ideas of what to do with those teachers opinions. "Hay watch were your going," some girl cory bumped into growled. She had punk black hair, a leather jacket, and a determined look in her eyes. The stranger thing was her eyes. So blue you would call it electric if you saw them for yourself. "Sorry," Cory mumbled. Continuing on with his march out the door after side stepping an angry glare. "What are peoples problems," Cory thought. Not that Cory had much room to talk really. This was to be his sixth school in about six years. Every year a new problem lead toward a new school. Opening up the front door, Cory was met with an ice cold blast of air. Winter had decided to take a tremendous dump this year. Dropping off nearly a foot of snow with below twenty degree weather. Kids were coming up past to run for the warmth of vehicles. "How on earth am I supposed to make friends with those," Cory said. Talking aloud to himself yet again. All the kids in the small town of Bozeman, had grown up together since they had been little. No one could hope to even break through that kind of barrier in High School. "Ow well," Cory thought again. "Isolation is better than this," Cory said walking down the side walk in discuss. Watching as students screamed about how cold they were. Throwing snow balls at one another till finally. "What the hell," Cory yelled. A stray had managed to beam the back of his head with surprising force. No one took blame for the stray only stopping to point and laugh. Scooping his hand under the snow for small amount of wet slush. Cory padded the snow down whilst choosing a target. Deciding on the much larger jock who had taken a liking to picking fights. Cory released the ball with such accuracy it caused stairs. Not because of a little good aiming. But because the over sized gorilla had been standing half a foot ball field away when he landed on his back. Pointing toward his victim to laugh as the comments started in. "Did you see that?" "Yeah what a freak, who is he?" "Some kid social dropped on the schools door step." "Great just what we need a freak." The comments flowed never ending. It felt like taking artillery fire. Heat flooded Cory cheeks to emphasize his pointed hatred. People were really not his favorite species. "Aww look at that, he's upset." A random cheerleader said making a scene of a baby wiping away its tears. Snow smacked in to the girls face so hard she flew back on to her back. "Ahahah," Cory could not help but laugh at the fortune. Whoever had done that had to be a friend of his. "Laugh it up punk," the now angry jock shouted. Storming through snow to reach Cory before he could run. Another well placed snow or possible ice ball smacked the would be assailant head on. Giving Cory enough time to turn for an over due exit. Bounding down streets at a pace of an Olympic track star. Second nature kicked in, survival. No High School nor College star alive could catch him when ran like this. Closing his eyes and imagining the run. Cory could almost see himself as a cheetah. Wild, fast, uncatchable. Reaching his humble abode in a matter of a half hour. "Home sweet cockroach." Shingles peeled at the center leaving a vacant look. Inside it looked a little better. Twin bed held up by pallets against one wall, a dresser for his clothes beside it. Then a small table and chair across from the bed. Of course he had your average kitchen set up a few feet back further. A mini fridge. A closet held what Cory needed. Uncovered with an all oak finish sat his bow. Pulling it out to check on his table one last time before he left. Three week long vacation meant one thing for him. Extended Hunting trip and this one promised to be good. All new terrain than what he had been previously accustomed to. Tomorrow would be the day too. A bus ride up East Glacier Park Village, then a hike toward Sheep Mountain. His camouflage had been worn from previous use and he had no real jacket but it was all he could think about. "Well I guess I should do it now ha tiger." Tiger a stray cat that wondered around from time to time. He had all but adopted Cory as his friend. Taking out a foldable steel chair for comfort. "This should be fun. I mean really what could anybody write about what they had in common with two absolute strangers." What Mr. Rate said had been true toward the end. Both parents had left him at birth to fend for himself. Not exactly one of those, "I forgive you," sort of things. He really had no desire to go comparing himself to them. "Not like I can anyway. Sure my eyes are funny." Instead of your average three eye colors his had to be different like so many other things. "How else do you explain gray eyes," Cory asked an unamused tiger. "Just keep licking your self then, I got this. OK eyes from my dad then. My mom." This really had been hard part for him. Of course he had thought about these things in the past. While stairing up at peeling ceiling of another foster home. "How about this, my ADHD I took from her." Tiger looked at him for a split second. Then jumped from table to bed in one bound. Tucking himself in for a cat nap. "Lazy, how am I going to complete this without constructive criticism? Yeah I'm losing it aren't I?" To that the cat purred as it rolled over. Sunlight had started to slowly fade away from the horizon. The only light in the cramped room was a dusty lamp. That had worked till Tiger knocked it over in a suspicious manner. So now they both lay in darkness. Cory eyes had learned after the first night how to adjust. Almost to the point of night vision or cat vision. What ever the case they both slowly slipped off in to unconsciousness. Sleeping had become very hard on Cory since about the age of six. Nightmares came an went with no common since. Tonight would be no different. In it a woman sat watching the sky the land scene unfamiliar. She sat alone murmuring a song. It felt so "warm" some how, that Cory had to get closer to hear her words. "Huh," Cory thought. The words came out in a different language than english. Weirder was that he could understand every word perfectly. "E`rthei empro`s to fos foteino`tita to vr`ady. La`mpoun k`ato apo` e`na monopa`ti pou tha me kathodigisei pros ta dexia`. Deixe mou to dro`o dia a`lli mia fora` gi `afto` borei na odigisei sti niki se afto` to telko` ago`na mou." Come forth the light brightness in the night. Shine down a path that will guide me to the right. Show me the way once more so I may lead to victory in this my final fight. Cory became entranced by her voice and her words. Walking dangerously close to hear more. It had stopped however. Now the girl sat quietly once more looking up at the stars. Here interest in them could match Cory. His fascination going back as to the day he was born. Her beauty was unmatched by any girl or even woman he had ever seen. "Who," he started to ask. Then she turned away ignoring him. Fading out till she was moonlight herself. "Wait," Cory shouted reaching out. "OW," he exclaimed. As the searing pain of a cut went through his hand. More light shown down till the woman was finally engulfed and blinding Cory. "That was the weirdest dream I have ever had in my life." Cory talked to a leaving tiger. The cat had decided enough was enough for the night. Lunging through a broken piece of board to escape. "Great now even cats don't want to be with me." Standing to stretch, Cory found a new injury. "That stupid cat cut me. I hope I won't get parvo I'll never get a girl then." Not bothering to remember Parvo was for dogs and dogs only. Sunlight had barely just started peaking across the small town. "Vacation time." Cory set out away to pack his supplies and grab his homework. A bus ride at this hour would lead up till almost sun down when he arrived. Giving just enough time to set up an outer camp site before the hike up toward the true goal. The bus stop seemingly had no hostile faces. There were strangely a group of girls that stayed to themselves. Cory didn't recognize any of the three. A bus showed up within twenty minutes of waiting. Boarding the bus Cory groaned. This bus had stopped before they had arrived here. Leaving only one seat open beside the group of girls. Moving hastily to avoid eye contact, Cory sat down beside the window. The bus had two rows of seats each going back to a large bench in the back with five in the back. All four of the girls looked equally upset about the seating. No further choice when the bus started for the highway. A Average bow bag covered Cory weapon for hunting. Some how managing to hold up to twenty arrows and his quiver. It was blatantly obvious what he had between his legs on the ground. One of the girls commented to her friend by the window who looked over. "I bet he can't hit the broad side of a barn." Window girl laughed at middle seat