The tires of my old truck squealed against the wet pavement of the hospital parking lot as I slammed on my breaks. I threw it in park and flew out of the cab and through the doors that lead to the emergency room. If I had been in a better state of mind I would have been proud of myself for not tripping over my own feet as I ran inside. The nurse at the desk looked up as I bolted through the door. She knew who I was and why I was here. She picked up the phone on her desk and held a finger up gesturing for me to wait as she dialed. "Dr. Gerandy, Isabella Swan has just arrived." She paused for a moment before saying "Yes, sir" and hung up the phone. "Isabella, come with me please, sweetheart." She led me through the big double doors that I knew would take us back to the patient rooms. She stopped outside of a small waiting room and gestured for me to enter. "Dr. Gerandy will be right down. Just sit tight for a minute. Can I get you anything? Water? Coffee?" I shook my head, confused as to why I was brought here instead of directly to Charlie. The only explanation I would allow myself to think was that he was in surgery or had been taken down for testing or something. I refused to think there was another possibility. Dr. Gerandy entered the room a few short minutes later. He looked exhausted and when he looked at me I saw something in his eyes that caused my heart to stop before beginning to beat rapidly against my ribcage; almost as though it was trying to break free. He took a seat beside me on the small sofa and let out a deep sigh. "I'm sorry Isabella, but I have some bad news." The tears started to well up in my eyes so quickly I didn't even realize they were there until they started falling. I almost stopped him since I had a pretty good idea what he was going to say, but I couldn't speak. It was like my brain needed to confirm what my heart already knew. "As you already know, your father was in an accident. His cruiser was spotted by a trucker down near Bogachiel State Park, crashed into a tree. We're not exactly sure what happened since the officers that responded to the call didn't find any evidence of another car, so we can only surmise that he may have swerved to keep from hitting an animal and lost control of the car." I let out a breath that I hadn't realized I had been holding. While this was bad it didn't necessarily mean he was… God I couldn't even think the word. "So, can I see him?" I asked. I couldn't help but notice the intense sadness in the good doctor's eyes as he took another deep breath. "Honey, there's more. He had a wound from where he must have hit his head on the steering wheel. The blood must have attracted some of the animals in the forest…" I held my hand up not needing him to finish. I didn't need nor want any of the details. "So what is it that you're saying?" Stupid question I know, but my mind just didn't want to accept the implications of his words. "I'm so sorry Bella. There was nothing we could do. He's gone, honey." I just looked at him. I heard the words but my mind refused to let them sink in. This wasn't happening. This couldn't be happening. Not Charlie. Not after everything I've lost. No, I refused to believe that God would take away the only person I had left. "I wanna see for myself." The words came out before I had the chance to even realize I was speaking. I spoke them so quietly I wasn't sure that he heard me. "Bella, I don't think that's such a good idea. We had one of the officers officially identify the body, so there's really no need…" "I want to see for myself," I stated again, only this time I spoke loud enough and with enough force behind my words to let him know that there was no room for argument. "Okay, honey. But I need to warn you, the wounds on his neck will be visible and they are not pleasant." I simply nodded. I really didn't care. I just needed to see. I stood outside the closed door of Charlie's hospital room trying to work up the courage to open it. After a few minutes and a silent pep talk, I reached for the handle and opened the door. I half expected him to be completely covered in his own blood. It was obvious that they had cleaned him up. But still, the sight before me caused my knees to go weak and I gripped the handle of the door for dear life to hold myself up. I could see from the doorway just how bad his neck wounds were and it made my stomach turn. If his neck was that bad I couldn't even begin to imagine what was under the sheet. Without taking my eyes off of the man in front of me I spoke to Dr. Gerandy, feeling him still standing behind me. "Could I have a few minutes alone with him? So I can say good-bye?" "Yes, sweetie, of course." I stepped further into the room and closed the door behind me before making my way over to the bed. I sat down in the hard plastic chair beside him and gently took his hand in my own. I began rubbing small circles over his cold skin as I took in the sight of my dead father. There were no scratches or marks on his face other than the small cut on his forehead that Dr. Gerandy had told me about. I moved the sheet down a little bit further to get a better look at his neck. My suspicions were confirmed as I looked closer. You would never notice unless you were looking for it, but the marks on the right side looked suspiciously like human teeth marks. The skin around the wound had been torn in places to cover this up, but I could still make out the edges of the original bite mark. Charlie had been killed by a vampire. I closed my eyes tightly as the tears began to fall. They ran out so rapidly that wiping them away would be futile as they would only be replaced by new ones in mere seconds. This felt like a dream. A part of me, the part that was in serious denial, was telling me that this wasn't real. It was telling me that when I opened my eyes I would awake in my bed at home and that none of this really happened. After what felt like an eternity, I finally pried my eyelids open, letting out a choked sob as I did so. This wasn't a dream. I was not at home in bed as I had hoped to be. Instead I was right where I was when I closed my eyes. In the hospital room that had all of a sudden become entirely too small. It felt like the walls were rapidly closing in on me and I was having trouble catching my breath. " I'm so sorry Bella. There was nothing we could do. He's gone, honey." He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. Those two words played again and again inside my head as the room got smaller and smaller. My chest heaved as I tried, without much success, to take in the air that my lungs were so desperately begging me for. I tried my best to calm my breathing but it did no good. The only person that could calm me was lying lifeless in the hospital bed next to me. He's gone. I crawled into the bed, wrapping my arms as tightly as I could around the already cold body of my father and sobbed into his chest. My sobs became uncontrollable as the reality of what was going on finally hit me. His chest wasn't rising and falling with each inhale and exhale. He wasn't breathing. I couldn't hear the beat of his heart with the ear that was pressed to his chest, or feel it on my cheek. His heart wasn't beating. I couldn't feel the warmth of his skin as I held onto his body tighter than I ever had. He was cold. He wouldn't open his eyes, no matter how much I begged him to. He was gone. Just like everyone else I loved, he was taken away from me. "I love you, Daddy." I whispered through my sobs. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." The guilt consumed me. I knew that this was my fault. While I could never bring myself to regret my time with the Cullens, I couldn't help but think that if I had just left well enough alone when it came to him , if I would have taken his advice and stayed away, none of this would have happened. I wouldn't have been out in that field with them that day when the attention of a coven of nomadic vampires was caught by a baseball game. If it weren't for me, the Cullens would have never had to kill James in an attempt to protect someone they had considered family. If I had just stayed in Phoenix there wouldn't be a psychotic vampire on the loose, hell bent on ending my life, and anyone else's that got in her way, to avenge the death of her mate. It was my fault that Charlie got caught in the crossfire and I didn't know if I would ever be able to forgive myself for that. I couldn't be sure that it was, in fact, Victoria that had murdered my dad. There was always the off chance that another vampire had been making his or her way through the area and Charlie had just been in the wrong place at the wrong time. It was doubtful, but possible. After what felt like hours, my sobs had quieted but I still held tightly to Charlie, scared to let go. I had to though. There were things I needed to do. I had phone calls to make and arrangements needed to be made. I pulled myself up off the bed but I didn't move. I willed my feet to carry me out of that room but they wouldn't listen. It took another ten minutes and one more silent pep talk before my body finally did what I told it to. I leaned down and pressed my lips lightly to Charlie's cold cheek and whispered my love for him once again before leaving the room. I was on autopilot as I drove home from the hospital. After my mini breakdown in Charlie's room a numb feeling had washed over me. I was grateful for it. I didn't want to feel the pain that I knew lay just below the surface. It would come eventually. I had enough experience in this sort of thing to know that, but it would have to wait. There was too much to do. I pulled into the driveway and killed the engine. I just sat there, not thinking, not feeling. Just sitting. I didn't want to go in there yet. In fact, I didn't want to go in there at all. After a few minutes I decided that it was best to just go in and get it over with. I couldn't sit out here in the driveway forever; though the thought was much more pleasant than the alternative. I noticed that the door was cracked open slightly, but in my haste to get out of here and to Charlie earlier, I couldn't remember if I