"No, Nico. We can't have Carbonara for dinner. Not again ." Maria di Angelo looked at her son like he was some miserable homeless person to have pity of. She patted him on a shoulder exactly twice before turning around, carrying the shopping cart in front of a bored cashier who was already waiting for her to approach. Despite her son being a spoiled child – in a cute way, nonetheless -, she couldn't help but chuckling to herself. She felt actual amusement every single time Nico used his little, sweet and irresistible pout as a weapon. Nico's gracious face was framed by a mop of messy dark brown hair, and out of his lips puffed a loud snort. As soon as his mother had given him her back to keep going with emptying the cart and handing the groceries to the cashier, Nico snorted again. "Okay. This will take forever. See you outside or directly at home." The woman rolled her eyes over-dramatically, smiling at her son. Nico turned around and directed himself towards the sliding doors. He was almost outside the building – just a foot on the asphalt, really -, when he changed his mind. Maybe he could have visited the books' department. Yeah. Why not? He could definitely do that. He was a college student and it was Spring Break. Some people went to the beach to drink off their asses and pass out on the sand; he visited books' departments and libraries. Different ways to get wasted; same results. In a fraction of a second, Nico headed back to the aisles, crossing the way through the long row of cash registers and sneaking inside the huge supermarket again. When he reached the giant shelf of books he was aiming for, he completely lost track of what time it was. When a speaker's voice echoed in the building, announcing that the store was going to close in thirty minutes, he didn't notice. He didn't even hear his phone ringing in his pocket, twenty minutes later. Just when the evil object rang again, the sound reached his ears. Nico gasped in surprise and almost let a book he had in his hands fall on the ground. He managed to pick up, eventually. " Sì ?" "Nico!" Maria's voice came out of the speaker. "I thought you had come home by foot, and you're not here. Where the heck are you?!" Nico paled instantly. "... You left me in the supermarket?" "Well," the woman snorted dramatically. "It's not like it is far from home. And you're not a baby. Hurry up. I'm cooking dinner. Plus, I tried to call you several times and you ignored me." "Sorry, but what did you expect?! Books' department, mom. You should know me better than this." Nico snorted loudly. Maria cleared her throat casually and smiled, even if her son couldn't see her. "Whatever. You're a, what is it called?, a nerd ." "You don't even know what a nerd is." Nico rubbed his eyes and put the book on the shelf. "I don't even have money to take the bus." "Nico. C'mon. You don't need the bus. And I do know what a nerd is! I have one in my house and he's very lazy." The woman put the phone between her shoulder and ear in order to open the fridge to grab garlic. "Move your legs. Do some effort. Dinner is in thirty." Nico sighed and began walking towards the cash registers, on the opposite side of the building. "It is cold and dark outside. I could get killer or-" Suddenly, he felt the urge to hold his breath. The lights in the supermarket had just gone off. Panic began growing, his throat going dry. "Hey? Are you there?" Maria put the garlic on the kitchen counter, a worried expression crossing her face. " Angioletto ?" Nico gulped intensely, taking a look around him in despair. "Oh, jeez ! They just locked me in! There's no one in here!" The woman chuckled, apparently considering the option that her son was having fun of her. "Sure, I'm surely buying it. Thirty minutes, Nico. I'm not picking you up. Hurry." She then shook her head fondly, closing the phone call without even waiting for Nico to give her an answer. There was no way her son was going to resign to the fact that he had to walk home, so she decided to beat him to the punch. "Mom?!" Nico paled even more. "Mom!" He gave a look at the screen, noticing that the call had just ended. "Damn it! Thank you a lot! " The boy reached the cash registers, putting his phone back in his pocket and noticing that the whole supermarket looked deserted. It was dark and vaguely creepy to stand there, in the middle of a row of empty cash registers, the only source of light coming from the lampposts outside and from the few emergency exits here and there. Was it that late?! Didn't the staff notice that a nineteen year old boy still was in the supermarket, before closing it? Didn't they have security cameras?! Damn. That was embarrassing. Nico began considering the idea of calling 911. " Hi. I'm Nico di Angelo and I'm trapped in a supermarket. Can you free me? I'm stupid and can't take care of myself. " Sure. There was no way he was going to do that. There still was someone in that building, Nico felt it. He knew it. That just couldn't be happening. With the hope to actually get out of that situation easily, Nico began looking for a staff room or something similar. Every door on each side of the building was locked. Even the bathrooms were locked! What the hell ?! With great frustration, Nico stopped tugging at a stock-room door handle and gave a kick at the wooden surface. He crossed his arms on his chest, leaning with his back against the door and sliding down until his butt reached the ground. He snorted loudly. "I'm fucked," he murmured to himself. "I have to call mommy . And everybody is going to laugh at me for the rest of my life. That's so am-" "Hey! I've been running after you for minutes, now! I'm really glad you stopped, because I am out of breath." Nico got taken so hard by surprise that he gasped loudly and put a hand on his chest, standing up on his feet almost immediately. A young guy, maybe around his age, was looking at him with a raised eyebrow and both his hands on his hips. He was smirking and panting quietly. "What are you doing here?", the stranger asked him. Just in that moment, Nico noticed that said stranger was wearing a black uniform and a belt with a torch hanging from it, to keep company to a few keys jingling gaily every time the stranger made a move. Nico genuinely thought that those keys were giggling at him. He got rid of that thought immediately. Keys couldn't giggle. "I'm, um... I was checking the books and they locked me in." Nico blushed furiously. The guy – who totally seemed to be a security guard – was still smirking at him. There was no trace of the fact that he was trying to scold him. Indeed, he looked deeply amused. "You're familiar. I feel like I already know you." The guy smiled wider. "You live a few blocks far from my house and not so far from here, don't you? The Italian family. You went to high school with my cousin, Jason Grace." He crossed his arms on his chest. "Right?" Nico widened his eyes, momentarily forgetting about the fact that he had just been caught locked inside a supermarket. Who the hell was that guy who seemed to know everything about him?! He stared at the stranger like a cold fish for a few seconds before registering his words and re-working them in his brain. "Um... Jason? Yes. He's my-", he cleared his throat distractedly, his cheeks flushing, "I just... yes, I know him." The guy chuckled. "He's your ex-boyfriend. Yes. He stressed me out for months about you. That's why I know you. Nico?" Nico nodded. "And... and why don't I know you?" He tried not to stutter. The security guard surely was related to his ex-boyfriend Jason Grace. Gorgeousness ran in the family, apparently. The other boy gasped silently. "Oh, sorry. You're right. I'm Percy," Percy stretched his arm towards Nico, and they shook hands. "I've been really impolite. I apologize. The reason you don't know me is that I'm older than you. I graduated when you and Jason were freshmen." Nico blushed even harder at those words. Now he remembered him. "You were captain of the swim team." And I stared at your butt several times when I was in high school . He decided not to say that out loud. "And you were in the book club." Percy chuckled, making Nico shivering. "We never really talked. You are a shy type." "Well... it's not like I was, um, in your league. We live on different planets." Nico nodded and really hoped to not have sounded too bitter. His high school years had been difficult and full of dark moments. One of the few happy periods he had passed had lasted just a couple of months, when he had dated Jason Grace. Nico wasn't even exactly sure why he had got the luck to date such a guy. "And look at us now. We're here and talking. And you're trapped in a supermarket where, what a chance, tonight I'm night guarding." Percy bent his head to a side. He had his hands on his hips again, his smirk never fading. "Are you perhaps hungry?" Was it Nico's imagination, or Percy looked pleased about the fact that they were having that chat? Nico was oblivious to many things, but he could get it if someone was trying to hit on him. Or maybe, Nico was desperate like that. "A little. But I have nothing to eat. You do?" Percy giggled knowingly, taking a quick look behind his back. "You forget where we are." He winked, and Nico felt his legs going week. "Follow me." Nico found himself nodding without even noticing. /Break/ "The blueberry flavoured one is the worst. I give it a... a four. Yes. Four is my final answer." Nico nodded firmly before grabbing another ready-made muffin from a basket in front of him. The supermarket was still in the darkness, but the boy couldn't care less anymore. He had sent a text to his mom, telling her that he had found a friend on the way home – fact which was half-true – and that he was going to have dinner with him. The woman had answered him with a picture of a Carbonara . For a few seconds, Nico's deep desire had been to stab himself to death for having lost it. But then, Percy had waved a huge package of assorted ready-made muffins at his face, accompanied to one of his bright smiles, and Nico had forgotten about everything. The two were now sitting at a white plastic table under a beach umbrella in the garden furniture's department, eating disgusting muffins and drinking Capri Sun. Percy had promised they were surely going to pay for all that stuff. Maybe. "A four?" Percy frowned in disgust, leaving his blueberry muffin unfinished on the table. "You're too kind. That probably was a zero and a half." Nico chuckled like a teenage school girl with an enormous crush. He had found himself doing it a lot in the past two hours. "That's what you get for eating ready-made things." Percy raised an eyebrow at him, a question floating in the air silently. Nico chuckled again. "I mean that I've always cooked my food. I've never bought this stuff." Percy leaned closer to the table,