Nico had always felt good in his own silent world. Not that people around him were quiet; not at all. It was him . He was the silent one. And he was kind of all right with it. When he was born with a rare tonsils' malfunction eighteen years earlier and he had learnt how to deal with it in the years that had followed, Nico's personality had also started to bloom in ways people would have never imagined. Nico knew what the masses' biggest problem was. They felt like they had the need to constantly demonstrate something to the others, to show off, to defend themselves from a tough world which challenged them on a daily basis. They needed to build a shield made of words and facts. And lies, the majority of the times. Lies told to themselves, or the others: it wasn't important. Nico seemed unaffected by all that. No one expected him to demonstrate anything. He carried his little notebook, he barely used it to communicate, and that was it. Few were the people that knew sign language – his parents, his sister, a couple of close friends, his doctors – and it didn't bothered Nico. Those who couldn't stand Nico's silent presence were people Nico didn't need. That was the thing with him: Nico put anyone in front of their true self. Nothing was more challenging than having to hold a conversation with someone who expected you to be yourself and nothing else. Society didn't particularly like that. Nico's world was a world of introspection, of calm, of not putting too much effort in trying to be right all the time. Nico didn't like right . He liked authenticity. And he also liked wrong , at times. So, it was kind of a overturning for him when he eventually crossed paths with someone so... interested in his person. Someone who couldn't stop bombarding him with questions, expecting a lot of answers, being everything but chill around him. Someone full of life, loud, unpredictable. The exact opposite of what Nico was. And that's the story of how his life was blown. /Break/ "Well. That is kind of annoying, dad," the girl snorted loudly as she put her phone between her shoulder and ear, trying to open a Ben & Jerry 's bowl at the same time. "You know I barely have the time to breathe, with uni and everything. This request is kind of outrageous coming from you." " Hazel ," the man sighed on the other side of the phone. " Please. I'm asking you this as a personal favour. He cannot stay alone for the whole summer. " "Maybe you should have thought of it before organising your holidays with mom and deciding to leave for fucking Africa for three months straight!" Hazel managed to finally open the bowl of ice cream and put it on the kitchen counter to rummage in the cutlery drawer. " First of all, I don't like this language of yours. You know it. Second of all, it's for charity! My agency is- " "Yeah, yeah," Hazel rolled her eyes and smiled. "I know. You go vaccinating kids and purifying their water by digging some kind of hole in the ground to build a well and stuff like that. I admire you for that. Do not play the ' I'm-a-good-man ' card with me because you know it's gonna work." Hades sighed amusedly on the other side of the phone. " You're a good girl yourself. I did a great job raising you. " "I still cannot ask Travis or Jason to find him a job. Not there. It's impossible, dad. He could do a lot of other things for the summer! That's just... not fitting." Hazel brought the spoon to her mouth. "It's a summer camp, dad. For little kids. Do you realise that?" " What do you suggest? We leave him alone in the middle of Connecticut all by himself, for three months? Three months? That's simply not happening. Your mom and I thought you would have skipped camp this year. " "Are you mad? Do you have any idea of how much they pay me?" Hazel snorted loudly. "This job is the reason why I stopped asking you money for my tuition." Hades clicked his tongue. " And we are so proud of you. It's just a little favour. It's your brother, we know he's able to take care of himself but... three months alone is an amount of time we're too scared to think of. You know it. " Hazel bit her lip, pondering her father's words. "I adore Nico. We all do. And he specified many times he'd like to experiment independent life sooner or later. You even denied him to study in another city!" " That's not the right moment! Your mother and I will be on the other side of the world, and you will be on the other side of the country. What if something happens? Something bad happens? " Hades let the question sink. His daughter bit her lower lip harder. She perfectly knew her brother was a smart person, had his head on his shoulders and could perfectly take care of himself for a short period of time. Her father's statement was being reasonable, though. Nico was not like the others. If an emergency had occurred... she just didn't want to think about it. "Well..." Hazel sighed deeply. "I could ask Jason. But-" " If not to work there, at least to stay there under your supervision! " The man continued. " He's also good friends with Jason. That would be perfect. " "Dad, Camp Pegasus is for children of the age of 4-13." " Yeah, well. They sure have a little bungalow or I don't know for him. " Hazel chuckled. "For, like what, free?" " We'd pay for it, you know it. " Hades sighed. " You're making fun of me now. Ask your friends if they can find a place for him just for this year." "I'm asking Neeks, first." " Ask them, Hazel. " The girl played with her spoon. "... Okay." " Thank you. You know it's important. " Hazel gazed at the clock on the wall. Her room-mate was going to get home soon. "I know." /Break/ Nico adjusted his glasses on his nose, sinking in the armchair more and more by the second. His eyes just couldn't move from the pages of the book he had in his lap. Not even the doorbell managed to distract him. "Nicooo!" A woman yelled from the kitchen. "Open the door! It's your sister!" Nico's head finally rose to the clock on the wall, realising it was past noon. He smiled widely. That meant his sister had come from New York City to have lunch with them. He particularly loved that kind of Sundays. Jumping off the armchair, Nico threw his book on the coffee table and bolted towards the front door. He slammed it open. "Neeks!" Hazel yelled, engulfing her brother in a really tight hug. "You keep growing taller!" Nico's smile grew wider as they separated. Liar, he said in sign language. "Yeah, okay. Don't believe me. Your loss." Hazel waved her hand at him and stepped inside the house. Everything smelled like home, and she missed it. "Where are our parents?" Nico rose an eyebrow and pointed at the kitchen's door with sarcasm. Where else?, he added. "Hazel!" A woman appeared on the doorframe, a wide smile adorning her face. "How was your trip?" "Hi mum. A lovely couple of hours on a stinky bus. Thanks for asking." Hazel chuckled and let her bag falling near the entrance. "I'm staying until Wednesday, is it all right?" Nico's eyes sparkled, as he clapped his hands to claim for her attention. Hazel turned to look at him with amusement. "What?" Really? "Really." She confirmed. "I have a lot to tell you." Nico's heart was beating fast. Happy. Hazel ruffled his hair. "Me too." "C'mon, you two." Their mother called them, getting rid of her apron. "Lunch is on the table!" "Real food..." Hazel whispered in awe, wrapping an arm around Nico's shoulders. "You have no idea how lucky you are." Nico just shrugged. He wouldn't know. /Break/ Hades chuckled as he filled his wife's glass with red wine. "They will adore it. It sparkles and plays Jingle Bells without any reason. I bought tons of that stuff. They were on sale at Walmart." "Dad," Hazel rose an eyebrow. "Why are you bringing African children fake candy canes that play Jingle Bells? How the hell did you even find them in June?" "Your language," Hades warned her with a simple glare. "Anyway. African children do not care about what month it is. I'm not even sure they know Jingle Bells. They will think it's a random song." "It's ridiculous. Couldn't you bring them... I don't know, shoes or something?" The girl stated. Nico almost spit the water he was drinking, trying not to laugh. Hazel winked at him. "They need a little joy!" Hades insisted. "It will make them laugh and have a fun. They will love them! Stop being so bitter." Nico snapped his fingers and his father looked at him. When are you leaving? Hades rolled his eyes. "In a week. You can't wait, can you?" Nico smiled widely and shrugged. Sorry. "Speaking of which," Hazel cleared her throat and glanced at her parents warily. "Neeks, I had a chat with Jay the other day." Hades went a bit tense on his chair. Nico asked his sister what was that about. "Well... You know, mom and dad are staying away for a long time." She wiped her mouth with a napkin. "I asked Jason if they could find a place for you at camp. We'll have fun! You could help us with organisation and all those things. It's not a official job, you know. But... We could spend the summer together! Jason can't wait to see you." A heavy silence fell in the room. Nico's eyes were fixed on his sister's figure, trying to decipher the meaning of that statement. Then, he rose a hand and opened three fingers. He closed them. Hazel sighed deeply. "Nico, c'mon, you-" Nico brusquely punched the table with both his fists, sniffing loudly as he tried not cry. You have no trust in me, he added. "Nico, dear, we do trust you." Persephone leaned closer to the table. "But three months is a really long time to spend alone. We're worried that something could happen and we wouldn't be there to be able to help you." A tear crossed Nico's cheek, streaming past his glasses and down to his chin. He quickly wiped it away with his wrist. I'm an adult. "We're aware. But considering your condition..." Hades started, realising the harsh truth of his words in mid-sentence. As he noticed Nico's eyes full of pain for what he was about to say, he never continued. Nico pursed his lips before falling with his back against the chair. He crossed his arms over his chest, crying silently with his eyes now fixed on his salad. In sign language, that pretty much meant I have no intention whatsoever to keep talking to any of you . "Neeks, c'mon... We're gonna have so much fun. You have no idea. It's still gonna be three months without mom and dad..." She whispered in the end, leaning closer to Nico and trying to bring a smile to his lips. " Three months without their obsessive supervision... I'm not gonna be with you 24 hours a day, you know." When Nico shyly rose his eyes at her, she winked knowingly. Nico started to reconsider the whole situation. /Break/ Nico regretted having thought, for just a second, that Camp Pegasus was in fact a good idea . He regretted everything he had thought in the past week. That place wasn't silent, it wasn't calm;