"Percy! Gods , you're back!" Annabeth widened her arms to welcome her ex-boyfriend on the deck of the Big House. Percy was a mess, dirty – probably stinking, too – and his clothes had been disturbingly ripped off, but he couldn't care less. He was finally home again. "Wise Girl!" The boy smiled brightly and hugged Annabeth with genuine happiness and relief. When they separated, the girl grinned knowingly and put a hand on her hip. "Where's the car that camp kindly lent you before leaving?" Percy scratched his neck and cleared his throat awkwardly. "Ah, that one. Well you know how things go during a quest. You're somewhere doing discretely fine... then something horrible happens. Let's just say that I basically spent all my money for bus tickets." Annabeth shook her head, but couldn't help but laughing lowly. Luckily she had a pretty clear idea of what Percy meant. "Mh. I suppose we gotta buy a new one, then." "It's probably in Tartarus right now." "Let's hope we're going to sell a real lot of strawberries this year." She winked at him and they both chuckled. Percy wrapped an arm around her shoulder and they both entered the Big House. As usual, Chiron and Mr. D. were playing pinochle with two invisible opponents at the ping-pong table. Mr. D. gazed at Percy briefly, immediately snorting like the sight was pissing him to death. "Ah. Johnson. You're alive." Chiron limited himself to smile at the boy with pride. "So you succeeded? How surprising. What did Eros said? Anyway I won this turn." He exposed his cards on the table for the centaur, who stroked his chin pensively. "Ehm... yes. I'm alive," Percy began, feeling slightly amused. "We had a little disagreement, but eventually he accepted the tribute." The god momentarily forgot about the game and raised his head to give Percy his complete attention. "A disagreement ? With Eros?" Percy nodded, gaining a sarcastic chuckle from him. "About what?" Percy frowned, trying to remember the latest events of his quest. "He didn't want to offer his help for the monsters' civil war and stuff, and tried to trick me into some stupid truth game about love. But he gave up when he understood that I was not going to give him such a satisfaction. He accepted to join the special council next month." Dionysus laughed, seeming genuinely entertained by that story. "He gave up you said? Yeah, for sure. Anyway... at least Zeus is not going to get pissed. Well done, I suppose. Now disappear from my sight." When a thunder echoed from the outside and through the whole camp, the god rolled his eyes. "Yeah. All right. Kinda got it, father." Chiron didn't seem to have noticed about the thunder and turned around to look at Percy. "What do you mean with 'he gave up'? What happened exactly?" Percy could feel Annabeth's eyes on him and blushed slightly. "Well... he said that he doesn't do anything for free. He wanted a confession in exchange of his help. But I told him that I wasn't there to entertain him or something and... he let me leave his palace." "So easily?" "Sort of." Annabeth snorted sarcastically. "Percy. Watch out." The boy frowned in confusion and stared at both Chiron and Annabeth with stupor. "Why?! I defeated him with logic. So what?" Mr. D. cleared his throat and chuckled again. "Little ungrateful demigod you are. So like your father, honestly. You should have done how you were told. If Eros wanted whatever the heck he wanted, you should have given it to him. You're gonna pay for that. Believe me." "It makes no sense!" Percy widened his arms to highlight his confusion. "He said that I was hiding my feelings to myself or something like that, but really. I'm not! I mean... even if I were, why should he care? It's none of his business." Dionysus raised an eyebrow at him seriously. "You're saying love and sex and company are not Eros' business? You're not just wrong, Peter. You're stupid." Percy was ready to shout something horrible at him, but Chiron wisely decided to interrupt him. "Anyway, Percy. We can't be sure. Maybe you have been lucky. Now go have some rest and then, at dinner tonight, we're gonna announce that you succeeded. Annabeth will give you your schedule for the next training sessions starting from Friday. Okay? Go now." Percy snorted loudly, trying to dissipate his anger towards the god, but managed to nod eventually. Annabeth smiled at him and pointed at the door with her head. "Come on, Seaweed Brain. You seriously need to take a shower." /Break/ A kind but loud knocking on his cabin door woke Percy up a few hours later. He had managed to finally take a shower – after too many days without much to everyone's disgust – and to go to bed to have a peaceful and restoring sleep. When he got up from the bed Percy stretched a little and yawned openly. The great feeling of being perfectly rested gave him a dumb smile. With a few quick steps, he reached the front door and slammed it open. His best friend's face came to his sight, all smiley and happy in the dim light of the evening. "Aquaman! Well done!" Jason offered Percy his fist and the son of Poseidon chuckled, bumping his own fist against the other's. "Superman! I didn't even miss you. Not even a bit." Jason rolled his eyes knowingly and put his hands on his hips. "You've skipped dinner. You slept for something like... 12 hours straight." Percy whistled appreciatively. "Wow. That's impressive. What time is it?!" "It's 10 pm." The boy widened his eyes. "Are you serious? Damn!" Jason chuckled. "Can I come in? Let's have a chat. Then you can go back to sleep." He winked at him and Percy smiled, letting the boy enter his cabin. Jason sighed tiredly and sprawled on his friend's bed. "How are you?" Percy sat down next to him and frowned. Now that he was thinking about it, the sensation of being rested and regenerated had disappeared. Maybe he needed to sleep more? More than 12 hours? He felt his head going slightly dizzy. Maybe he was malnourished? "I feel... fine. Not completely in force." The son of Jupiter yawned. "That's amazing. You're saying you could sleep for another 10 hours?" "Not really. I just feel... weird . Does it make any sense?" Jason sat up on the bed and frowned, suddenly serious. "Have you gone to the infirmary?" "I'm not wounded or anything," Percy shrugged, "I just... my head is spinning. Gods . This is terrible." He squeezed his eyes for a couple of times, like he wasn't able to see properly. The son of Jupiter began feeling worried. "Percy... I insist that you go to the infirmary. Maybe it's nothing and you just need a bit of ambrosia or something. Percy shrugged again. "Yeah whatever. Let's see how I feel tomorrow morning... how's everybody? You did fine during my absence?" He tried to change the subject. Maybe the entire world would have stopped spinning around his eyes if he did. Jason still looked a bit preoccupied, but decided to drop the subject anyway. Percy was surely able to tell if he was all right or not. "Yeah. Sure. Pipes is in New Rome to visit Hazel and Frank. She missed them," he chuckled slightly, "and Leo... well. You know Leo. Annabeth and him are working on a seriously dangerous project that they don't want to tell me about. I think it's gonna be lethal and beautiful at the same time." "Sounds like the description of Annabeth," Percy sighed amusedly. "Lethal and beautiful. Yup. It fits." The son of Jupiter bent his head to a side and raised an eyebrow knowingly. "How is it to be single? Have you met someone interesting during your quest? Maybe some hot goddess or something? Or maybe a god." He winked. Percy laughed openly and shoved his friend teasingly on a shoulder. "Shut the fuck up. No... I've met no one. Obviously. I was a bit busy killing monsters and trying not to get poisoned and stuff. Plus, the gods I met were totally not my type." "Who did you meet?" Percy gasped like he had suddenly remembered something important and chuckled at Jason's direction. "Your dad! You know? He insulted me a couple of times, but eventually he was fine with me. He basically menaced me," he nodded pensively, "but it was all right. He didn't kill me." Jason smirked. "What did he want?" "He warned me about the fact that we seriously needed Artemis and Eros on our side. Like I didn't know that. Seriously, does he think I'm stupid?" A thunder broke the silence of the night, making Jason looking at the ceiling like he could have seen through it. Percy shivered in terror. "Okay. I take it as a yes." Jason looked back at him and chuckled. "So you met Artemis and Eros." Percy nodded. "Yup. Artemis made me sleep in this small tent that... gosh. It was horrible. It looked like a prison or something. It had bars and I couldn't get out." "What?! Why? Hadn't you your own tent?" "Of course!" the son of Poseidon shrugged. "I suppose that she was afraid I was going to deflower all her hunters. Like... in just one night? That's impossible. That's not even legal." Jason laughed openly and slapped Percy's shoulder for the indignation. "You're disgusting! They're, like, 11 years old or less! What a paedophile. Woah." Percy chuckled and scratched his neck tiredly. His head felt dizzier by the second, but he didn't want to bother Jason with that. He wanted to have a chat with him for a bit more. "Anyway. No, thank you. I could get eternal damnation for something like that." "Seriously? I have no idea of how it works. Did you meet Thalia?" "I don't know either. Unluckily not, anyway. She was on a mission on her own with the monsters." Jason nodded pensively. "I can't believe I'm older than her, now." "Yeah. I know. That's amazing. I wonder what could have happened if..." Percy frowned a little. The room was spinning faster and he had to squint his eyes again to feel a bit better. "Woah there!," Jason almost shouted, grasping Percy's shoulders. "Lay down! You're so far from being fine, Perce." He then kindly pushed his friend back on the mattress. Percy didn't oppose to that. He really felt like shit. Percy massaged his own head for a while, with his eyes closed. "If Bianca had survived... I still can't stop thinking about it. It's been years now." Jason worriedly looked at him for a few instants. "Percy... have you talked to Nico?" "About Bianca?" "No, dumbass. You perfectly know about what ." The son of Poseidon sighed thoroughly. "No. I haven't had the time yet." "Well... after you found him with that Hermes' guy dying... you know, he disappeared. He left camp. We have no idea where he is. I think he's ashamed for what has happened." Percy frowned and looked up at where Jason was sitting beside him on the bed. "It makes no sense. It's not his fault if Jamie died. He had been poisoned, Jay." " We know that. But there are people, Perce, who still think that Nico is dangerous and creepy. They don't trust him." The son of Poseidon closed his eyes slowly in an expression of emotional and physical pain. His heart was aching for what he was hearing about Nico, and his head was still giving him troubles. And it only seemed to get worse. "I have to find him." He tried to get up, but Jason blocked him with his arms. "You're going nowhere, my prince. Stop being stupid. We'll think about it when you'll get better." Jason looked at him directly in the eyes,