The insistent and steady ticking sound of the clock was the only audible noise in the room. The round object was hanging high on a light yellow coloured wall, right behind a desk at which an old man with glasses was sitting. There was an intense silence. A young boy with dark brown hair and brown eyes, around the age of 18, was trying to recollect his memories from his mind in front of the therapist. He looked fragile and lost, like a wounded bird. The man was studying his patient's figure with a concentrated expression, and he had a pen in his left hand. He was quietly waiting. Hurry was not a great companion in therapy. "It was... a rainy day, I think. He was wearing a blue coat. Yes, it was blue." The man hummed in understanding and wrote down what the boy had just said. He then raised his head from his notebook again and nodded kindly. "Where were you? Do you remember it?" The boy frowned. His hands were playing with the hem of his sweater, and he was staring at the floor. He was nervous. "It was full of books." "The bookstore? You used to work at a bookstore. Am I right?" The scrawny boy raised his gaze from the floor with a surprised expression. His mouth was half opened as he suddenly remembered something important. " A Novel Idea ." The therapist smiled fondly at him. "Exactly. So, he was in the bookstore." The boy nodded with renewed hope. "Yes. And..." he frowned almost imperceptibly. "I don't know." The heavy sigh coming from the old man's mouth was followed by the quiet tapping of his pen on the paper. "Nico, I know you remember something else. It's right there, at your disposition. Dig deeper." Nico felt something heavy in his throat. He was repressing a sob. The frustration of not remembering relevant events of his life was driving him insane. He began shaking his head firmly, a grimace on his face. Tears of resentment were about to drop from his face. He sniffed, cleaning his nose with the sleeve of his sweater. "I know who he is, of course. But I don't..." His words came out like a cracking sound directly from his soul. The boy's voice was broken and low, almost muffled by his resignation. The man adjusted on his chair and handed him a tiny box of Kleenex. He then cleared his throat. "Maybe this could help." He looked for something in his notes, rummaging through the sheets of paper, until he found the object of his research. He cleared his throat again, reading clearly and loudly. "' A Novel Idea is always full of people, but not that day. That day it was empty. Even in a crowded room, he would have stood out among the others. Black hair, green eyes. That special blue-green you can see belonging at the sea. ' Do you find yourself in these words?" Nico stared at the sheet of paper the man was holding with a gloomy expression. He shook his head and sniffed again, playing with the Kleenex he had in his hands and tearing it in small pieces. "I should go on, then. ' He approached me. He was embarrassed. He confessed that he had entered the store just because it was raining cats and dogs. I found it incredibly silly and dumb, but I couldn't hold a smile. ' Nothing?" When the boy shook his head again, the man kept talking. "You told me all these things, Nico." The young boy took a deep breath and glanced at the window outside. It was raining, just like the day he had apparently met him. The fact that he didn't remember that event anymore was destroying him. He kept staring at the water falling from the sky and a raindrop hit the glass of the window, streaming down the cold surface like it always used to happen against the shop windows on rainy days. The shop windows... at the bookstore. Nico frowned. He quite remembered the bookstore. He had clear images of the shelves in his mind, filled with books he wanted to buy for himself or his sister – he didn't know. When he was sitting at the cash register and no one was inside the store, he used to take them and to read them. He had lost count of how many books he had started and never finished. The day he had met him, Nico was in one of those situations. He had a book in his hands. "I was reading. The Little Prince, I think. There was a rose involved." The man smiled with pride. While he nodded, he kindly put the sheet of paper he was holding aside. His intention was apparently to let Nico recollect his memories on his own. He licked his lips pensively. "What else?" "The Little Prince..." / The dinging noise of the bell echoed in the store while the door opened, suddenly muffled by the pounding sound of rain hitting the asphalt outside. Nico raised his gaze from the book he was reading – The Little Prince, a book that everyone had basically told him to read because it was so damn famous, really – and looked at the boy who had just entered the Novel Idea . The glass door rested closed again and Nico let go of the book, pushing it aside. He smiled towards the customer. He had black hair and he was kinda tall. When he looked back at him, Nico noticed a pair of blue eyes – almost green, he wasn't sure – that were madly deep and beautiful. The boy himself was beautiful. He approached the counter. Nico wasn't exactly certain the boy was blushing, but he looked embarrassed as he smiled. " Hi... It's raining outside, so... I was freezing and I saw the store, so I came in. Is it a problem if I don't need any book?" Nico winced in surprise. The stranger – not a customer, apparently – had a warm voice. It gave him goosebumps. In order to distract himself, he glanced around him at the empty room they were in. He then shrugged, smiling kindly at the boy in front of him. " Ehm... my manager isn't there, so I suppose it's not. Plus there's no one. You can... do whatever you want, really." The stranger widely smiled at him and leaned against the counter with his chest. His arms were crossed over the wooden surface of the desk, sending tiny rainy drops from his coat directly to The Little Prince copy that Nico had next to him. He didn't notice, anyway. " So... you're here on your own? Aren't you bored?" Nico shrugged embarrassingly. The boy was gorgeous, his eyes being the exact replica of the colour of the sea during a hot and sunny day at the beach. "Yeah... A bit. I read when there's no one." The boy chuckled. "How unexpected!" The two looked at each other for a while, smiling awkwardly and not knowing what to actually say. The stranger looked like an extroverted person, the type who used to chat a lot and to make jokes. In fact, he was the first one to speak again. " I'm Percy, anyway. Well. Perseus. But please don't call me that, it makes me look like a serious person." Nico smiled shyly at the boy – said Percy , as he had introduced himself – and handed him his hand to let him shake it over the counter. "Nico." Percy shook it with a firm grip, making the other boy shiver for the contact. When they separated their hands again, they stayed in hush for a while. " So you read a lot... name a character you like, who's called like me." The stranger grinned teasingly. He apparently thought he was giving a hard time to the shy cashier. But Nico knowingly grinned back and leaned forward, taking a deep breath. " I don't exactly like him, but there's a Percy in the Green Mile." Percy frowned with disappointment and raised an eyebrow at the boy. "What? Stephen King? I saw the movie. Isn't he the mean prison guard with that stupid face?" Nico openly laughed, throwing his head back without noticing it. He then dried his eyes a little and kept smiling at him. "Yes, he is." When he noticed that Percy was dumbly staring at him, his mouth half opened, the young boy went serious again. "What?" he asked, a bit of confusion leaking from his look. The stranger smiled, leaning again against the counter. He took a deep breath and bended his head on a side. " You'd like to go out with me? This evening." / "Is that what happened?" The therapist studied Nico's facial expression for a few instants. The boy had just finished telling him the story he always had started during their sessions, but never ended. With great satisfaction, he wrote down what he had just listened to. "Do you realise that's the first time you manage to tell me what happened, after Percy entered the bookstore?" Nico looked at him with a frowned expression and bit his lower lip. "Is it?" The man just nodded kindly, reassuring him with a long and encouraging stare. "It is. You're making huge progresses. There's something else you'd like to mention? Some details, or what happened next." The boy raised both his eyebrows and looked out the window again. He was feeling warm and slightly content, finally remembering how he had first met the love of his life. The need to cry with relief was urgent, but he managed to pull himself together. There were many things coming back to his memory right in that moment. It was like the rain outside was leading him to a new start. He nodded without noticing and began talking again. "Percy loves Finding Nemo. He can't wait to see the Dory's one, too." The therapist sighed with amusement and took off his glasses for a couple of minutes. "Excuse me?" Nico chuckled lowly. "The movie. Finding Nemo, he's obsessed with it. He's obsessed with anything involving the sea and fishes in general. The first time we went to the theatres we saw Pirates of the Caribbean. The one with the mermaids and stuff." The man was frantically writing down every word Nico managed to say, always nodding with deep concentration. When he raised his gaze at him again, he was smiling. "These are a lot of informations. Tell me everything you feel free to say." He put his glasses on again. The boy made his mind wander in a pile of little details and memories, floating among them like he was swimming. He kept seeing Percy's face in each one of them, while his lips were opening and his tongue moving while he spoke. Gesticulating the whole time, he told his therapist about that time Percy almost broke his neck trying to save a damn cat from a tree in Central Park. Or that time in which, for their fourth month anniversary, Nico had brought him a National Geographic sticker album about creatures of the sea and how Percy almost cried because of it. He opened up about how he had felt when he was deeply convinced that Percy wanted to dump him, just to find out that really, he didn't want to. The boy was just scared to tell him he loved him, and had avoided him the whole week because he didn't want Nico to run away from him. The young boy blushed. He remembered that night perfectly. He suddenly stopped talking, much to the therapist confusion. The man cleared his throat and glanced at him over his glasses. "You're doing great. Did you forget what Percy told you afterwards?" "I... no, I remember it. It's just... that's the night in which we- in which I-" The