"Dude, that blondie over there has been staring at you for the past two hours!" Percy frowned when he noticed that his friend was insistently tapping on his shoulder, trying to gain his attention. The music in that damn club was way too high to hear anything. "What?!," he asked – almost shouting -, and being genuinely confused. "Mr. Blondie. Other side of the counter, left." Grover wiggled his eyebrows teasingly. "Hot stuff. Go and get him." Percy turned around rolling his eyes, but followed Grover's eyes anyway. As soon as the blond guy noticed that Percy was looking at him, he tore his eyes off. The boy chuckled and gave Grover his attention again. "Shit. I think you're right." Grover shrugged, playing with the coaster under his drink. He was smirking mischievously. "He's nice. Talk to him." Percy chuckled and pointed at the glass that Grover was holding casually. "Can I take a sip of your Bloody Mary?" "No fucking way. You're not twenty-one." "What?!" He laughed loudly. "Oh, c'mon! I just started college!" Grover nodded wisely, making Percy laugh even more. "Exactly. That means no alcohol for you. Not in a public place full of people. Not from me . If you want to get drunk, just wait for my birthday party. Right?" Percy licked his lips, shaking his head with fond exasperation. "Right. Since the fact that you're boring, I'm going to flirt with that guy behind me and hopefully let him fuck me later. Is he still looking at me?" The other boy casually glanced over Percy's shoulder and tried not to laugh. Mr. Blondie pretended to be playing with his straw instead of looking at his friend intensely. "Hell yes," Grover chuckled. "Do I look good?" Grover rolled his eyes. "You've got ebony hair, insanely beautiful green eyes and toned pecs. Always. Stop bothering me and disappear from my sight." Percy winked at him and stood up from his chair. "I'll text you later. Maybe. I don't know." "Right. Remember: call 911 if something goes insanely wrong. Then me . Don't drink. Call a taxi if you feel the urge to sleep at that man's house. Don't drink. Don't give personal infos about where you live and other stuff. Don't drink . Don't be late. Your internship starts tomorrow, you have to get up early." "Yes, mom ," the boy sighed, "thanks." Percy winked and waved his hand at his friend. Grover rolled his eyes and watched as he disappeared in the middle of a small crowd. /Break/ The young man at the other side of the counter was indisputably gorgeous. His features were sanding Jason's blood directly to his crotch. He felt a bit like a maniac staring at him like that, but he couldn't help it. Jason was bored, alone and he absolutely hated Thursday nights. He hated every night since his last boyfriend had broken up with him. The fact that almost a year had passed, now, was irrelevant to him. So, when the mysterious boy disappeared from his sight, Jason frowned with disappointment. Where was he? He wanted to stare at him for the rest of the night! Maybe secretly take a picture of him, then go home and jerk off shamelessly. Ah, right. Jason probably was a maniac. Rethinking about it, he could live without taking a picture. "If you were looking for me, I'm right behind you." Jason gasped for the surprise and turned around immediately. He blushed furiously. The gorgeous young man had noticed he was staring at him, after all. He was smiling and had an eyebrow teasingly raised. Jason scratched his head embarrassingly. "Ah.. yes- I mean , no," the young mysterious man chuckled and bent his head to a side at that answer, "it's just... I never saw you here. I was wondering..." "Percy." He winked, taking a seat next to him. "And you are...?" "I'm Jason." Jason cleared his throat, trying to dissipate his uneasiness. He was a disaster with flirting and chatting and everything revolving around being nice to insanely hot guys. "Can I offer you something to drink?" "Just a Soda, thanks. It's all right." Jason blinked, surprised for a moment, but soon forgot about the Soda. It was weird to find someone who didn't want to drink in a club. But whatever. The fact added something intriguing in the scenario. He ordered a Soda for the guy and a Martini for himself. They began drinking in silence. Percy kept grinning at him and playing with his straw. Damn . He looked so fucking hot. "So... ehm. Where do you come from?" Percy casually put his glass on the counter and smiled widely. "New York City. What about you?" "New York City? Really?" Jason momentarily forgot about his embarrassment. "What is a Yankee doing in San Francisco?" Percy shrugged casually and chuckled at the nickname. "Ah, you know. Life." "Yeah... Life. I was born in San Francisco. I grew up in San Francisco. My life is planted in San Francisco." Jason smiled briefly. The Martini was helping him feel a bit more relaxed. "Nice," Percy smiled back, "and do you perhaps want to dance?" Jason almost spit on the guy's face. He covered his mouth and coughed a little, putting his glass on the counter. "D-dance? Percy grinned mischievously. "Yes. With me." "Ah... well... I can't dance. And-" Jason gasped when Percy grabbed his wrist and dragged him on the dance floor. A lot of people were wildly dancing against each other, putting their hands in the air, laughing, drinking. Others were shamelessly making out. The atmosphere was slightly suffocating, but Percy kept dragging him until they found themselves in the middle of the crowd. He bit his lower lip mischievously and wrapped Jason's neck with his arms, moving sinuously against his body. Jason swallowed hard and glanced around the room distractedly. He had no idea of what to do. Did he have to grab his waist? To kiss him? To talk to him? He sucked with social interaction. He sucked with flirting. And Percy was way too confident, too provocative. "Are you dancing with me or not?!" Percy shouted in his ear, distracting Jason from his thoughts. "Y-yes, of course." He wrapped his arms around Percy's waist and the guy smirked with satisfaction. The songs kept changing for a while. Jason had no idea of what time it was and since when they were on the dance floor. He only knew that Percy had turned around at a certain point, stroking his back against his chest. The boy's ass was rubbing against his crotch, sending Jason on cloud nine. There was no way Percy hadn't noticed his erection. Jason had his arms around Percy's stomach, keeping him tight against his body, while the boy was encircling them with his own arms. Percy had rhythm. Jason followed him almost casually, his shyness forgotten. The only thing he could think of was that boy dancing against him, slightly panting and basically masturbating him with his ass. Jason began moaning uncontrollably. If Percy wasn't going to stop with that, Jason was going to come in his pants. "Percy...," he whispered into the boy's ear. His neck smelled so damn good. "Percy, my house isn't so far from here." Percy turned around. His eyes were filled with lust and desire as he smiled mischievously. He kindly grabbed Jason's head and dragged his face a few millimetres from his. "Will you fuck me, Jason?" Percy's breath was hot against his lips. Jason swallowed hard, but managed to nod anyway. " Shit . Yes." "Amazing." They left the dance floor hand in hand, directing themselves to the exit doors. /Break/ Jason was right. With just a five minutes walk, they reached his house. Jason hadn't even bothered to call a taxi or take his car to reach the club. It really had not been necessary. He lived in a tall building with high glass windows and a snob goalkeeper. Percy had smiled widely at the sight: Mr. Blondie was obviously rich. When the elevator opened, they found themselves directly into the flat. And the inside of it had confirmed Percy's theory. Jason had money. The living room was quite big and everything looked super expensive. Percy caught a quick glimpse of the kitchen and noticed that the appliances were modern and technological. He didn't pay great attention to hem, anyway. Jason's lips attached to his neck were quite distracting. Percy moaned sinfully while the other dragged him to his bedroom and kindly pushed him on the mattress. Gosh , even the mattress felt expensive. Jason climbed over his body and the last thing Percy knew was that the other boy's head was bobbing over his erection, sucking his dick hard, while he shamelessly stretched him open with his fingers. A few instants later, they were roughly fucking and moaning into each other's mouths. Jason was thrusting his wet and throbbing dick inside Percy's hole repeatedly, pinning his wrists to the mattress and over his head. Percy's legs were tangled around Jason's waist, who was deliciously intrigued by the way the other boy was following his movements with his hips. Percy was a loud type. His pleasure moans were filled of " fuck me harder! " and " that's it! Like this! ". He just couldn't shut his mouth. They kept fucking mercilessly. Jason was rocking Percy's body with his up and down the mattress, their kisses being wet and needy. Percy tangled his fingers into Jason's hair and dragged his face down to his neck in an obvious request to kiss him there. Jason began leaving hot kisses down his neck and collarbone, and Percy arched his back for the pleasure. When he bit his nipple, the black-haired boy spilled his cum between their stomachs with a sinful cry of pleasure. That bite had been the famous last straw for him. Jason fucked him harder at the sight. Percy was too gorgeous under his body, his forehead covered in sweat and his mouth opened in a moan. Eventually, Jason couldn't handle it anymore. He came hard inside Percy's wet hole and inside the condom he had managed to wear a few instants before pushing inside of him. Percy was stroking his lower back kindly with his fingers, while he tried to catch his breath. Jason fell on the mattress next to him and fell asleep almost immediately. Percy had his legs still spread and a victory grin planted on his gorgeous face. He then slowly closed his eyes and fell asleep, too. /Break/ The morning after, Jason woke up at the sound of the elevator dinging in the living room. He glanced at the clock on his wall: 7 am. Jason gasped to himself and widened his eyes, immediately sitting up on the mattress. Suddenly, the memory of the previous night came back to his mind. Where was Percy? Had he imagined everything? Jason stood up and reached the kitchen, frowning in confusion. Had Percy left the house without telling him? Wow. That was sad. Before going back to his bedroom, he noticed a post-it on his fridge. Jason raised an eyebrow confusedly and took it in his hand. The note was obviously from Percy. There was his phone number, a little "P." written in a corner and a "PS. I stole a couple of apples from your fridge. Call me if you want them back. ;) I was late for work, sorry. " Jason smiled and dumbly stared at the green post-it for a few seconds before realizing he was being late for work, too. He showered, chose something to wear, did his hair. He couldn't stop smiling for the whole time. Percy was going to haunt his mind for the entire day. And Jason was happy about it. /Break/ The sliding doors of the tall building opened and Jason hurried to reach the elevator on the other side of the lobby. It was going to