Nico fell on the floor with a moan of pain when an empousa pushed him inside the cell. A telekhine was right behind her, dragging his unconscious friend by his ankles. Just for a moment, Nico thought that Percy's head should be hurting in that moment. The two monsters closed the prison bars, provoking a loud noise to keep company to their laughter. "No tricks, you two . This cell is demigod-proof. No water. No possibility to evoke your beloved skeletons, my dear di Angelo. We also have your weapons. You'll be ours forever! Don't try to mess with us." The empousa cracked an evil smile before leaving, followed by the telekhine. Nico immediately approached Percy and put a hand on his heart. His vital force was still strong; he was going to wake up soon. With deep relief, Nico sighed and put his jacket under his head to make Percy comfortable. The floor was cold and hard, completely made of rock, and the son of Hades could feel that his underground powers were sort of blocked. He tried to break the ground, he tried to call some spirits and even his dad, but communication was impossible in that cell. The empousa had been serious. They were fucked. If no one was going to look for them, they surely were going to die in that prison. A soft groan distracted Nico from his thoughts. Percy was waking up and suddenly frowned when he noticed that his head was hurting. In fact, a hand immediately flew to his forehead. He kept moaning in the silence of the room. Their cell was collocated in a long corridor full of other cells; some were empty, others had some resigned monsters inside of them. They didn't even try to talk to them. "Holy shit, my head hurts," Percy massaged his scalp and tried to sit up on the floor, his eyes still closed. "Hey. Be careful." Nico put a hand on his shoulder and helped him to rest his back against the wall. "We have no ambrosia and no nectar. Don't do anything stupid." Percy sighed thoroughly and finally opened his eyes. When he turned his head towards Nico, he noticed that the boy was scared. "Nico. I'm sorry. This was my fault and-" "Shut up. It's no one's fault," Nico murmured, playing with the hem of his t-shirt. "If you say so," Percy smiled reassuringly. "We'll get out of here. There is always a way. There is always a plan." Nico nodded absently, gazing around the cell and adjusting his eyes to the dim light. It was extremely dark in there; the only source of light came from the torches hanging from the wall in the corridor. He shuddered a bit. "Are you cold?" Percy began opening Nico's jacket, which had been folded to create a sort of pillow, and handed it to the boy. "A bit. Thanks..." Nico took it in his hands and began wearing it. He then brought his legs to his stomach and hugged them with his arms, resting against the wall next to Percy. "They took our swords." "Don't worry. Riptide will appear in my pocket really soon." "I don't think so. This cell has magical protections. It won't." The son of Hades worriedly took a look around the cell. "I can feel it." Percy snorted and rested his head against the wall. "You're so not funny." "Not my fault." Nico sniffed distractedly. "Don't get mad at me." "Nico. I am bored." The boy turned around to look at him and frowned. "We've been here for... two minutes. We don't have Monopoly. Get used to it or you'll kill yourself sooner than you think." Percy huffed a laugh. "I'm hyperactive. You should know. You are too." Nico shook his head and began playing with his shoe laces. "Less than other demigods. I've got really slight ADHD. I don't know why." "Sure. That's why you're destroying your shoes right now," the son of Poseidon mockingly winked at him, making Nico snorting and letting go of his laces. "We have to do something." "You have to rest. Your head has been dragged for a really long corridor, Percy. It's a miracle you still have hair on it." Percy chuckled. "It burns a bit," he scratched his head distractedly, "but I'm fine." When he looked at his hand, there was blood on his fingers. "... or maybe I am not." Nico sat up on his knees. "Let me take a look." When Percy gave him his back, Nico put a hand on his shoulder and began stroking the other one through his hair. He swallowed hard. There was something sweet and intimate in doing that gesture. It was giving him goosebumps. Nico tried to ignore it and sighed with relief, noticing that Percy was fine. "You're not bleeding anymore. There's just a little scrape." Percy shivered when he felt Nico's breath near his ear. He cleared his throat with embarrassment. "All right. Good news, then." The son of Hades nodded in agreement and rested against the wall again. Percy copied the gesture. They stayed in hush for a while; Percy was intensely staring at the roof and the bars, switching his attention to different things every couple of minutes. Nico could tell that he was trying really hard to find a way to get out from there. On the other hand, he knew that there wasn't. The only way they could escape that place was to fight against the monsters who had locked them inside of it. Without their swords, even that solution sounded a bit desperate. "If there only was Annabeth. She would know what to do," Percy whispered with sadness. "But I don't think she would help me anyway," he snorted sarcastically, making Nico frowning. "Why not? The fact that you're not a couple anymore doesn't mean she wouldn't help you." Nico shuddered. He kept forgetting that Percy was single now. "I know. But we kinda fought. She hasn't been talking to me for two weeks now. Let's just say that I over-reacted," Percy shrugged, a faint smile on his face. "Ops." Nico briefly smiled to comfort him. "I see. Don't worry... you- I mean, you two will be fine." Percy began tapping on his thighs with his hands distractedly. "Yeah. I hope she'll agree to be my friend at least." "She will. Annabeth doesn't hold grudges as a fatal flaw, Percy," Nico murmured almost to himself, without realising that he had sounded a bit sad. "Troubles with someone?" Percy asked carefully. He bent his head to a side, trying to take a glimpse at where Nico's eyes were under that mop of dark hair. "You're free not to answer." Nico sighed and didn't say a thing for a while. He then bit his lower lip. "I... Will and I tried to be a couple for a while. But... I broke his heart and he broke mine." Percy nodded and kept looking at him. Nico was staring at the floor, openly avoiding his eyes. "Yeah. I heard something about it around camp. Rumor has it... he cheated?" The son of Hades immediately raised his head to finally look at him. He was frowning in pure stupor. " What ?! No. People say this?" At Percy's shy nod, Nico snorted and rolled his eyes. " Gods . And then nobody gets why I hate people. He didn't cheat on me. We broke up because-" When he suddenly realised what he was going to say, Nico shut his mouth, leaving his sentence in half. "Okay. You don't have to say it. Maybe I shouldn't have asked." Percy sighed, standing up and wiping his jeans from the dirt. "Let's forget about it." He began shaking the bars, trying to move them. When he noticed that he was doing something extremely stupid, he cried in frustration and kicked them - just to hiss in pain seconds later. " Damn it !" "You seriously wanted to... kick them open? Or something?" Nico asked, looking slightly amused at the sight of Percy massaging his foot. Percy raised an eyebrow at him. "Don't you dare making fun of me. I'm the strong one here. You weight as a ferret. A very thin ferret." Nico stood up and approached him near the cell bars. He smirked knowingly, crossing his arms on his chest. "Strength doesn't come from muscles, Percy." "Well, if you need to break the bars of a cell in a prison... it kinda does. Plus. My muscles look gorgeous on me." The son of Poseidon winked mischievously, making Nico blushing. Luckily, the darkness of the cell was covering his red cheeks. "... Whatever. I'm absolutely sure this is Stygian iron." He hit one of the bars with his skull ring, provoking a dinging sound. "You know what could break Stygian iron?" Percy licked his lips in trepidation. "What?" "Stygian iron. " "... Great." "We need my sword, Percy. That's the only way," Nico scratched his elbow distractedly. "That empousa took it away from me." The son of Poseidon kicked the bars in frustration again. "Damn it! I'm going nuts ." Nico turned around with a murderous face, raising a hand at his chest. "Calm the fuck down. I'm sure someone is looking for us." "Right..." Percy laid against the wall and began sliding down, until his butt reached the ground. "We'll die and decompose in this cell." "We won't," Nico snorted, feeling slightly pissed about Percy's puerility. He sounded like a spoiled child. "Nico?" "What?" Percy smirked mischievously, stroking the floor next to him affectionately. "Sit here." Nico frowned warily, crossing his arms on his chest again. "... No." "C'mon!" The older boy laughed. "I just wanna play. Truth or dare. Fancy it?" " Hell no." Nico began sweating. He had spent so many nights out with the Seven that he perfectly knew that the boys' Truth or Dare games always transformed into some kind of dirty and absolutely inappropriate confessions. "I hate it." "You've never played with us," Percy chuckled. He was making Nico blushing on purpose. "There's a reason." Nico's heart began beating fast. "Okay. Stay where you are. Truth or dare?" The son of Poseidon crossed his arms on his chest, waiting for Nico to answer with a mocking smirk planted on his gorgeous face. Nico swallowed hard. "Uhm... Dare?" Percy rolled his eyes with exasperation. "Dare? Really? Here ? There's nothing to do!" "Hey!" Nico frowned. "I picked one. Follow the rules at least." "Mh. Fair enough," the older boy chuckled. He loved to see Nico feeling embarrassed. It made funny things to his heart. "I dare you... I dare you," he glanced around the cell and then smirked evilly. "I dare you to lick the floor." Nico paled. "Are you out of your mind?! That's simply disgusting!" Percy laughed so loud that probably all the monsters in the other cells heard him. "Hey. Follow the rules, at least ." He winked at the boy. "Can I... can I lick the wall? It's the same. Don't make me lay on the floor." Percy slowly shook his head with pure evilness and then pointed at the floor with his index finger a couple of times. Nico began whining, frowning in disgust at the thought of what he was going to do. "I despise you." Percy closed his eyes and nodded knowingly, just to open them seconds later. Nico thought that he was a great bastard. The son of Hades reluctantly sat on the floor on his knees, putting his hands on the cold ground and trying to bring his face closer to it. Percy was giggling uncontrollably. When Nico stick his tongue out from his mouth, the son of Poseidon was openly laughing. " Jeez . This could have been a lot funnier with tequila involved. But it's still amazing." Nico ignored him and squeezed his eyes shut, trying not to vomit while laying closer to the floor by the second. When