Percy Jackson let all his frustration out as he screamed with rage, kicking a trash can on the way to his dorm. It had happened again . In a time lapse of uncountable months and with the same annoying punctuality, his role in the ballet had been stolen. Percy had not been chosen to dance in the Winter exhibition of classical ballet of his school, the Harwood Academy. What the hell was he going to tell to his mom, that evening, for the daily update? He had been studying, exercising and basically aching everywhere since four years, already. He was doing so freaking fine. Then, that damn new student had to arrive and ruin all his plans. Percy simply couldn't believe it. All that people who didn't think he could succeed; were they right? He sniffed loudly, trying to hold himself from bursting out crying in the middle of the park, and wiping a tear from his cheek with a sleeve of the hoodie he was wearing. The academy dorms weren't far. If he could have resisted for a few minutes, he could have cried shamelessly in the emptiness of his room. That sounded a lot more dignified. Plus, he was sure his roommate was being monetarily busy with his classes, letting him the time he needed to pull himself together before dinner. Percy sighed heavily, reaching the huge building which was Harwood Academy's dorms. It looked comfortably familiar with all the students going in and out, holding their bags and taking sips of their energy drinks. Since the Academy offered a great variety of dance, theatre and music courses, it wasn't really weird to see people going around with giant cellos or dressed as Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz. As Percy unlocked the door of his room, he kicked it closed. He threw the keys on his desk and sprawled seconds later on his bed. His bag laid, completely forgotten, on the floor. As he took another deep breath, a muffled sound of crumpled paper reached his ears. Percy's eyebrows raised simultaneously. What the ...? He sat up on the mattress and turned around, noticing that a message had been left on the bedcover. He took it in his hand and began reading. " The next time you're not fucking turning the fucking coffee machine off, I'm kicking you out of this room I swear to God. Did the roles for the ballet come out already? Let me know, you prick. Jay." Despite the crappy day he was having, Percy couldn't hold a faint smile. But just then, his conspiratorial brain resumed its thinking. The roles for the ballet . As soon as he re-worked those words in his mind, his heart sank and his smile disappeared at the same speed it had shown up. Percy had been waiting for The Nutcracker for at least two years straight. His ballet teacher had always told him he was one of the greatest dancers he had ever had in his class, assuring him that he was going to get a very important role in the two-act ballet of senior year. The man had also assured him he was going to have a great carrier in the ballet productions, in the future. That had happened a year before a new mysterious student had moved from Italy, having won a scholarship to get in the Academy. Percy had been genuinely impressed to know about it, and as the new student began training with them every day, it had soon become clear that he was incredibly talented. Being a nice person in general and wanting to have a new friend, Percy had approached him several times to talk to him and help him with his English – the guy's Italian accent was endearing, really. Percy found entertaining the way he was perfect while dancing, and slightly funny while talking. When Mr. Carrisford, their ballet teacher, began focusing a lot more on the new student, Percy began worrying. He wasn't jealous, really: denying that Nico di Angelo deserved that scholarship was simply being blind. On the other hand, Percy was worried about his own carrier. The Italian had started getting important roles since the very beginning, basically stealing them directly from him. His classmates began making fun of him- without being mean, of course - and Percy laughed at himself with them. He pretended to be fine with it. But inside his heart, he was sinking. Without even noticing, Percy had started crying in his room, the paper note still in his hand. When a tear fell on the ink, the word "coffee" began melting. He crumpled the paper and threw it in the bin, sniffing loudly. " Damn it !" Percy stood up, grabbing his phone from his bag on the floor and pondering whether he had to call his mom or not. He looked at the screen and swallowed hard, biting his tongue for the nervousness. His shoulders relaxed, and Percy threw the phone on the mattress. He had just decided that no , that wasn't the time to give his mom a bad new. He wanted to try everything he could, be extremely sure he had no possibility ever to get in the exhibition. Talking to his teacher surely was the first thing he needed to do the morning after, and if he wanted a remote chance to succeed... well, Percy had to prepare a convincing speech. He was afraid it was going to take the whole night, several cups of coffee and Jason Grace; his beloved roommate, who – for an extremely convenient coincidence – was student of dramatic arts. /Break/ "I'm sorry, Jackson. The roles are decided. We also picked the understudies. You're out of the production, for this time. Maybe you'll have luck in the next Spring." Percy stared at his ballet teacher in shock, gripping his shoulder bag so tightly that his knuckles went white. "I haven't been chosen for the autumnal ballet, either! What is going on?! Weren't I one of your most promising dancers? That's what you said! Seriously, Mr. Carrisford. I do not understand." The man rubbed his eyes under the glasses. "Percy, I know. But these decisions don't depend exclusively from me. You're aware, there's a teachers' council." Percy lost his patience and snorted loudly. "You picked Nico di Angelo to play the Nutcracker. The damn Nutcracker, for God's sake! He's been here for four months. I've been here for four years ! This doesn't make any sense! I could play the Christmas tree, just... Please ! Let me in exhibition!" Mr. Carrisford crossed his arms on his chest with a severe look. " Jackson . Our Christmas tree is cardboard. Calm down. I haven't made you sign a document saying you were gonna get in all the exhibitions you were going to audition for in your whole life. You're talented, that is obvious, but have you looked around lately? This is a prestigious department of a prestigious academy. A prestigious department for dancers . Everyone is talented enough to be here." "But-" " I know how frustrating it can be. I've been there myself. But learn this important lesson very soon or you're not going to survive in this business: step aside when it's needed, but do not give up. Practice harder for the next time. More, more and more. You'll get something in return." Percy's breath trembled. "I've been practicing for the past sixteen years . I was three years old when I started dancing." "So you're gonna complain, be all whiny and pout in a corner for another bunch of years? What do you want to do?" The man glared at him intensely. Percy couldn't hold his gaze after a while, and stared at his feet in defeat. "As I thought. See you tomorrow morning for practice. Don't be late." Mr. Carrisford grabbed his bag from the floor and left the studio room. Percy sighed to himself, feeling more miserable than he was the day before, and looked in the mirror next to him. He was about to insult his own reflection, just because being self critical sounded like the right thing to do at the moment, when he noticed another figure staring back at him from behind his back. Percy startled, turning around immediately and putting a hand on his chest. He hadn't heard anyone arriving. "Jeez! Couldn't you cough or something?" The boy on the other side of the room smiled sheepishly, both his hands gripping the shoulder strap of his bag, and shrugged. " Scusa* . Didn't mean to scare you." Percy sighed, trying to hold himself from rolling his eyes. He didn't want to look like the envious ballet dancer who really wants to kill you at the moment . "It's fine. So... you weren't in practice today. Everything all right?" The boy shrugged again, and Percy saw his cheeks going red. "Rehearsals for The Nutcracker's exhibition started this morning... so..." "Ah." Percy wrinkled his nose without noticing. "Right." "You know, I'm sorry if-" "Nico. There's no need to. It's not your fault." Percy looked at the Italian directly in the eyes. They reminded him of two cups of delicious hot chocolate in December. He shivered. Why was that boy so beautiful? He couldn't get mad at someone so beautiful. Couldn't he? Nico smiled sheepishly once more. "I heard you talking to Mr. Carrisford. I didn't want to... um, how do you say...?", he cupped a hand behind his ear with a questioning look. Despite everything, Percy had to huff a brief laugh. "Eavesdrop?" Nico's smile grew wider as he nodded. "That word. I didn't want to eavesdrop. But you're angry to me." Percy bit his lower lip, recollecting all his willpower and trying not to chuckle. "I'm not angry to you. You're too kind, seriously." He was surprised to find out he genuinely meant it. "Okay. I believe you. You want an apology coffee?" Nico's cheeks flushed again. That boy was so kind and polite that Percy wondered if he had ever sworn in his life. He smiled, but shook his head seconds later. He wasn't ready to be friend with a person he was involuntarily blaming for his own failure. "Sorry, I've gotta go. But thanks. Maybe next time." Nico nodded quietly as he followed Percy with his eyes, leaving the room and letting him alone in the studio. He raised his gaze to the mirror just in time to see Percy's back disappear. He sighed, gripping at his shoulder strap harder. /Break/ Jason rolled his eyes with exasperation for the millionth time that night. He was trying his best to study, underlining facts and dates on his history book, but his roommate kept grumbling and snoring and being annoying in general from the other side of the desk. He glared at him with the intense desire to commit a murder. "Percy. Enough ." Percy pressed backspace key on his laptop insistently. "This fucking thing won't work. I want a coffee." "I'm killing you and your damn coffee machine. No more coffees. You look like you're going to explode." "I haven't drunk any coffee today. Not yet." Percy gave up on his laptop and basically threw himself against the backrest. Jason raised an eyebrow unamused. "So you're like that naturally?" "Fuck you." Jason chuckled, closing his history book and glancing at his wristwatch. "All right. Time for a chat. You're still brooding over The Nutcracker? C'mon. You'll get in the Spring ballet, do not worry. I saw you dancing and you're amazing. That Nico di Angelo kid isn't even that good , I mean, he looks like he stumbles all the time and can't coordinate a step after another. And he's ugly." Percy's eyes jerked towards him. He was smirking. "You're an ass actor for being a drama student." Jason blushed almost imperceptibly. "Sorry. I'm still working on my improvisation skills. Plus, that kid is incredible." Percy frowned, crossing his arms on his chest.