The Northern Kingdom was the smallest but the most beautiful of the Empire of the Four Lands. Its ruler and King, Lord Poseidon, had won the realm almost thirty years earlier through the war, prying it out of his biggest arch-enemy hands, Lord Zeus of the Southern Kingdom and also his brother. King Poseidon of the North had always been menaced by his brother's greed and lust for power, and when the war shattered the entire Empire of the Four Lands he promised himself that such a destruction and misery would not have happened ever again in the future. The Earth finally got to know what a quiet peace was. The four Kingdoms - the North, the West, the South and the East - were living in harmony with each other ever since. With the fear of a new devastating war still in the air, the Kings of the realms had signed a Treaty of Perpetual Peace. It had been the third treaty ever signed in the history of the Empire since the second one, almost three centuries earlier. People of all four realms finally got to feel safe to work for prosperity together. The folk of the Northern Kingdom was the luckiest. It was a known fact throughout the Empire. Being the smallest realm of the four allowed the King and his government to better protect people and give them more opportunities in case of huge poverty. After the war a lot of families had lost their men, leaving women and children on their own. Though, even after the war, it was a habit for the Circle of the Sovereign – a group of gentlemen of high social status that responded directly to the orders of the King - to intervene in cases of big need. It was the situation in which the di Angelo family found itself into. Acute chronic meningitis had taken Mr. di Angelo away with his daughter Bianca, leaving his wife Maria and his son Nico on their own. Maria di Angelo used to work for a few rich families. She ironed their clothes and made dresses for them as a seamstress. The money she received for his work was unluckily not enough for both her and his son Nico, who was too young and weak to work for the agriculture – like the majority of young men did in the realm. Maria found herself asking for help directly to the King, knowing he was a great man and generous with his people. She wrote a letter, addressing it to the Circle. A couple of weeks later a delegate of the realm knocked at the di Angelo's door. The man communicate to them that Nico di Angelo had been accepted at the court to have a place in the palace's servitude. The delegate also told them that he didn't know what the boy's role was going to be; it was to the Circle to determine that as soon as they were able to meet the boy. But Maria di Angelo knew that working in the King's staff, even if not paid, meant having a bed to sleep in, regular meals and the warmth of a fireplace in every room for the cold season. She accepted. Nico di Angelo, although frightened by the unknown which he was going to collide into, prepared his bag with the few belongings in his possession. Two days later one of the royal black cars arrived to pick him up – much to everyone's enthusiasm and surprise. It didn't happen every day to see such a thing. Nico himself had never seen an actual car with his own eyes until that day. With renewed hope, Nico greeted his mother who was in tears and gave her a kiss on the cheek. He got in the car and disappeared toward the Capital. The journey towards the Northern Kingdom's Capital, Flakecold Town, lasted at least two days. Nico didn't know it was possible to have such a long trip. Helooked out the window for the whole time, astonished by all those places and cities' beauty. What people of the Empire said about the North was true; it really was the most beautiful place on Earth to be. When the car stopped late in the afternoon, the scrawny boy was asleep. One of the palace guards woke him up and made him get out of the vehicle. Nico was not prepared for what he saw. In front of him towered the biggest building he had ever seen. It was candid white and protected by high gates of the colour of gold. For everything Nico knew, they could have been made of actual gold. He wasn't sure. Inside the gates a huge fountain showed herself off as the most magnificent piece of art ever existed. The statue of a man with a trident in his left hand towered in the middle of it. Around the fountain and by the side of a small path leading to the palace's entrances – there were lots of them – there were stunning and colourful gardens. Nico could see some hedges shaped like arches in the distance, a fact that suggested the existence of a labyrinth. People walked here and there, going the Gods knew where, carrying jars or baskets with them outside and inside the building. Nico was stunned. He couldn't believe his luck. Suddenly a low and warm voice captured his attention. "Mr. di Angelo? Lord Grace of the Circle would like to see you." The boy shyly nodded. He was embarrassed. Nobody had taught him how to have an appropriate conversation with a respectable member of the high society. Playing with the sleeves of his shirt with nervousness, he followed the guard through the gardens and towards a small building that communicated with the main palace through a small stone bridge on the left. The man knocked on the door exactly four times. A servant opened it, staring at them, and then just nodded in their direction, letting them in. A blonde young man was sitting at a big desk, looking at the holograms he had in front of him with a pensive look. As soon as he noticed the boy escorted by the guard, he smiled. "Close the program." At his words, the few holograms disappeared from Nico's sight and the face of the blond man was finally visible. He was tall and beautiful, with the most electric blue eyes the boy had ever seen. He made a sign to the palace guard to leave the room, revealing his toned and muscular biceps in the gesture. The man obeyed, closing the door behind himself. "My name is Lord Jason Grace. I'm Chairman and First Secretary of the Circle of the Sovereign. You can refer to me as 'My Lord' or simply 'Lord Grace'." Nico tried to remember all those informations – and failed miserably. Five minutes in the high society and he already couldn't figure anything out. He nodded, biting his lower lip. "You say ' Yes, My Lord ', Mr. di Angelo. You're supposed to let your interlocutor know you understood what he said." At those words Lord Grace smiled, letting him know that he was trying to help without being mean. Courtesy forms were an unknown field for Nico and the man seemed to know that. "Yes... My Lord." The blond guy smiled at him again. "Good. Now, please have a seat. I have to ask you a few questions in order to collocate you rightly in the servitude. There are lots of things you could do, I need to know what's the best for you and for the King." The boy swallowed with tension and sat down in front of the desk, looking at Lord Grace doing the same thing on the other side. The blond guy typed with his fingers on a device thin as a pin that Nico had never seen in his life. With a bit of curiosity, he leaned forward to take a glance of the object. The man stopped typing when he noticed the boy's movement. He raised an eyebrow at him mockingly. Nico blushed furiously and coughed with embarrassment to try and dissipate his uneasiness. He leaned back against the chair and stared at the floor. "So, Nico. I need to know your age, your height and your weight." "Y-yes, My Lord. I'm sixteen years old. I'm 5'6'' tall, maybe, I'm not sure. And I weight about 122 lbs. I'm not sure about that, too." Lord Grace gave him a surprised look. He wrote the informations on his device and sighed heavily to himself. "You're too thin. You can basically do nothing for the palace maintenance. What are your abilities? Do you have any?" The boy thought about it for a minute. He didn't have so much time to cultivate some special abilities. He helped his mother sewing occasionally, but he was not so good at it. He could cook some basis dishes and nothing else. The truth was that he was too weak to do anything else, being the main reason his mother had to ask for the King's help. Nico shook his head with sadness. "I sew sometimes... I cook, but I'm not good at it. I clean the house." The blond guy kept typing, but his disappointment and concern were visible. He sighed again and raised his head towards him. "Can you read? Write?" The boy nodded enthusiastically. His and his sister's education were the main source of pride for Nico's father. He gave everything he could to afford it, repeating to his kids that education was the most important thing for them. Nico had always been happy to be able to go to school, but with his father and Bianca's deaths he couldn't attend it anymore. "Yes My Lord! I can." Lord Grace smiled nicely and nodded, always writing on the thin object in front of him on the desk. He then cleared his throat, ready to ask him something else. "I have one last question for you. It could sound a bit strange to you, but remember you're here for the King's sake and will. You have to do everything you can and that it's ordered to you. You understand this?" His look was concerned and Nico couldn't figure out why. His answer came out with a trembling voice. "Yes, My Lord. I do understand..." "Very good. So, the last question. Has your chastity ever been violated? Are you still uncorrupted? Remember the realm doesn't like lies." Nico blushed furiously at those words. He was not used to that kind of subjects. His mother was a bit strict when it came to talk about marriage and marital sex, resulting in the fact that they never talked about it. "Yes... My Lord. I am pure." Lord Grace nodded at his direction. He was looking at the boy as he was thinking 'what a poor, poor guy, what an unlucky destiny'. The man sighed in resignation, knowing what it was the only place where he could have placed the boy into - for the moment. "Really well. Mr. di Angelo, starting from right now you're assigned to the Concubines' Apartments. Not everyone living at the court of Our Majesty the King can claim a concubine's company, but from the King and at the extension of his closest relatives you can expect anyone at any moment." Nico's mouth dried in an instant. What did it mean? Was he supposed to have sex with complete strangers? He didn't expect something like that. In fact, he began panicking. Tears were struggling to come out from his eyes, but he managed to look decent in front of the Secretary. "Y-yes My Lord..." The boy's voice was trembling. Lord Grace sighed with compassion. "Nico. Since you are a virgin and never laid with someone, you're not supposed to make love to the first passer-by. The privilege belongs to the King or to those designated by him." A single