[ Attention please. This is the final call for American Airlines, Flight 8744, to Rome. Departing passengers should proceed to gate n. 18 immediately. Thank you. ] "Fuck, fuck, fuck !" A scrawny young boy was literally running in the middle of the JFK International Airport, dragging his hand luggage behind him. It was something that used to happen to him, bad luck being a strong companion since he could have remembered. The boy kept glancing at his watch in total panic. How was it that he could never relax in his life? He left the apartment hours ago! The situation was getting out of hand. As soon as the giant panel with ' Gate 18 ' written on it came to his sight, the young boy regained faith in humanity. The fact was that he had a history of making a total ass out of himself. In fact, without noticing – and with a big help of said bad luck mentioned before –, the young boy strongly crashed against a complete stranger's back. The event brought his mad rush to an end, making him ceremoniously drop on the floor. " Cazzo *! I'm so sorry, I wasn't looking and-" Nico raised his head to look at the poor stranger he had bumped against. His throat dried in an instant. He was facing the most beautiful smile he had ever seen. His owner was a young boy - around Nico's age, maybe - and he was absolutely handsome . Of course he was handsome. Remember? The bad luck. Crashing against Mister America like a total jackass was perfect. Nico had a degree in embarrassing situations. "It's fine, don't worry! Here, let me help you." The boy kept smiling and grabbed Nico's luggage, while the other stood up again. Nico wiped his jeans off with his hands and blushed furiously. He was trying really hard not to think about his airplane, probably leaving the airport in that instant. He sighed in resignation. "Thanks... I think I've missed my flight. Merda *." "Italian? Are you going to Italy?" the boy smiled again. "Uhm... yes, Rome. Gate 18. I'm fucked - I mean! No! Sorry. It's just that I'm unlucky, and-" The boy laughed openly at the sight of Nico making a fool of himself. He found him genuinely entertaining and cute. "The swearing is okay, really. Don't worry! Anyway, Gate 18 is right behind you and the flight didn't take off yet. I'm going to Rome, too." He waved his ticket with pride, grinning. Nico sighed in deep relief and put a hand on his chest. "Thank God . My dad was going to kill me. He booked the flight and paid for it... so, well, not exactly the best way to thank him." He blushed, realising he was making the situation even worse. Confessing he was a lazy broke bastard to a very beautiful guy? A kind guy? Seriously, Nico. Put your damn self together for a change. The boy laughed again and then cleared his throat, pointing behind Nico's back. "Yeah, sure. But we gotta hurry before they close the loading bridge, you know." Nico gasped in panic and turned around. The hostess was checking an old man's boarding pass and no one seemed to be left behind him. He nodded frantically and dragged his hand luggage, followed by the handsome stranger. The woman looked at them and smiled kindly. "May I see your tickets?" She checked both tickets and let the boys board. Nico turned around to smile at the stranger, noticing he wasn't going to sit in economic class as him. "Have a... nice flight, then. See you around." He blushed. "Thanks. Have a nice flight yourself." The boys split up, directing themselves in opposite directions. /Break/ Nico was discretely happy. He had managed to be on time for his flight. He had crashed against a tall beautiful boy, with green eyes and, oh my God , absolutely gorgeous - but probably straight. He got a window seat without asking for it. He was eating pretty good crisps. And he was going back home. Everything was perfectly fine. Nico began worrying. Everything was perfectly fine ? He was surely going to die in an air crash. The chances were really high at this point. He shrugged. Oh well, time for good music then. He began ransacking in his bag, looking for his iPod. The boy frowned. There was no trace of it. "What the - oh no, oh no. No, no, no !" A passenger on the other side of the aisle gave him a weird look. He was probably thinking the boy was mad. "Tell me I didn't drop it at the gate. Please, God, if you're listening. Tell me where it is." Nico began whining to himself in resignation. Why him? Why was it always him? That was unfair, he didn't do anything to deserve such a treatment. He was an average boy, always kind to mean shop assistants even if they didn't deserve it, diligent and studious. Maybe good looking? Well, Nico didn't want to go that far. Anyway, someone had to tell him why . A light turned on in his head. The handsome stranger . Maybe he had seen his iPod, maybe he took it. Nico's world was made of maybes. He got up and began looking for the other boy. People were staring at him like he was a nutcase. Nico couldn't care less. If there was something positive about his life, it was that he didn't give a shit about being judged. He found the handsome stranger in business class. Great. He was watching a movie on his laptop, completely oblivious to the weird scrawny boy staring at him from a few seats behind. Oh man, Mister America was watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . He liked Harry Potter. Could have he been more perfect? Nico doubted it. He approached the boy and swallowed hard. What if the stranger was going to freak out? Maybe he was a racist, scared by black people. Maybe he was in the Ku Klux Klan. Well, Nico wasn't black anyway. Perhaps he was a fascist? Oh my God, please no. Did it mean he also was homophobic? Hold on. The stranger didn't know about his sexuality. Nico was slowly drowning in a sea of crap. Stop thinking, Nico, it's for the better . He took a deep breath and tapped on Mister America's shoulder to get out of his own nightmare of thoughts. The boy gasped in surprise and suddenly turned around, taking his headphones off. As soon as he saw him, he smiled with relief. "You scared me!" He laughed. "Ehy, aren't you the Italian marathoner? The Forrest Gump of JFK?" Nico blushed in embarrassment. They haven't seen for about three hours, did he forget about his face already? Man, that was sad. He faked a cough just to have an excuse to clean his mouth from crisps crumbs. "Ehm, yes, it's me. I was wondering... have you seen my iPod? I'm pretty sure I dropped it at the gate. So... did you see it?" The boy frowned a little in a pensive way. He sighed. "No, I'm sorry. I just grabbed your luggage without checking the floor." Nico nodded. How unexpected. The story of his sad life, loosing one of his favourite things in the stupidest way possible. Thinking about it, maybe he wasn't going to die in an air crash. Too easy and predictable. Perhaps he would have died devoured by a cow. He knew cows weren't used to eat humans, but who knows. Things could change. He murmured a "thank you anyway..." and gave his back to the stranger, ready to return to his seat and cry like a miserable. The boy grabbed his wrist before Nico could have made any step forward, making him wince in astonishment. When Nico turned around again to face him, the stranger was smiling kindly. "There's basically no one in business class, you'd like to sit next to me?" Nico held his breath. The handsome guy wanted him to sit next to him? What kind of sick joke was that? He couldn't believe his luck. Nico didn't have luck. Before noticing it, he found himself nodding. "Am I not going to have troubles for that?" The boy shrugged. "I don't think so. I'll defend you if necessary." And he winked at him. Nico felt his legs go weak. Oh my God , he was beautiful. He wanted him naked. Wait, what ?! Nico, stop it. Seriously. The situation was getting more and more awkward by the second. The boy sat down next to him on the left side of the aisle to try and get rid of his thoughts once again that day. "I'm Percy, by the way." The boys shook their hands kindly. The contact between them sent electric shocks down Nico's spine, who was staring at him like a cold fish. Maybe drooling. He wasn't sure. Percy chuckled a bit and raised an eyebrow at him. "And you are...?" Nico blushed and gasped at the same time. Idiot . I am an idiot . "Sorry! I'm Nico... I was thinking about-" you, completely naked . The scrawny boy shook his head and cleared his throat. "Well, it doesn't matter. Really." Percy chuckled again and nodded. "All right. So, how old are you?" "I'm 20. What about you?" "I am 22. You're almost in your drinking age then! Excited?" The boy winked at him again and Nico felt like dying in the deepest part of his soul. "Actually, in Italy drinking age is 18. You know, when you're 18 you're legally able to... ehm, to do everything. Almost. You can't be President of the Republic though, you have to be at least 50 for that." Percy laughed and threw his head back in the process. He had no idea he was causing big problems to the guy in front of him. In fact, the Italian was about to lose his ability to discern things properly. The sexiness was unbelievable. Did the boy know he was gorgeous? For fuck's sake , he surely knew it, considering the way he was grinning. That grin was a sin. "Oh, that's cool. I had no idea! And what do you do for a living?" Nico scratched his head without noticing and made Percy grin again. The Italian was extremely cute. "I'm a college student. I study Restoration of Cultural Heritage, I was in New York City for an internship. I won a scholarship and all that stuff. I haven't been home for five months." Percy raised an eyebrow at him. "That's impressive. And pretty cool, I have to admit it." The younger boy shyly smiled and thanked him. He wasn't used to compliments, they made him feel uncomfortable. "So you're enrolled at university in Italy?" Nico nodded enthusiastically. "Yes, in Rome. Università la Sapienza *, I love it. That was pretty much the only right decision I've made in my life." The older boy stared at him for a while. Nico's accent was captivating. Hearing him say some words in Italian was turning him on. Percy wondered if he was interested in boys; his gay radar had always been crap. If there only was a single chance for Nico to like him, he would have grabbed it. On the other hand, a weird silence was falling between them. The Italian boy smiled, ready to speak again. "You go to college?" Percy took a really long breath and smiled widely. "Not anymore. I finally graduated a month ago. Marine Biology. This journey in Rome is actually a vacation for me, I'm celebrating." Nico chuckled and blushed a bit. The older boy looked even more handsome when he was happy. He wondered how beautiful he would have been with his head between his legs . The younger slapped himself on the face in his mind. "Marine