Percy sighed from tiredness as he sprawled on his boyfriend's bed in Hades' Cabin. He knew that Nico wasn't going to finish with his training until at least 6 pm, but Percy couldn't help but directing himself towards his Cabin anyway. It helped him to feel like Nico was there with him. Weirdly enough, with all that black things surrounding him and the decorative skulls and whatever, the son of Poseidon felt relaxed. It probably was due to the fact that everything in that room smelled like Nico. And Nico had a smell, a particular scent, which Percy was drunk in love with. Percy rubbed his eyes, yawning shamelessly, and decided that maybe he could have taken a nap. Why not? He had a free hour and nothing to do. A nap was an excellent idea. When he turned around to sleep to his side, however, he noticed something that he was sure he had never seen. A big box was curiously laying on the floor near the bathroom's door with a giant "N" written on it with a permanent marker. Maybe it was a box full of Nico's stuff and Nico had marked it for Hazel to know that it wasn't hers? It could be. Nico was obsessed with organisation and precision. So, ignoring that curiosity killed the cat once, Percy stood up and grabbed the box from the floor. "Damn it," he winced in surprise as he laid it on the mattress. "This thing is well heavy." When he opened it, he came face to face with a ridiculous amount of little black notebooks. The covers had weird numbers written on them, as if they had been catalogued. … of course they had been. They were Nico's. Percy soon understood that those weird numbers were dates. Humming appreciatively to himself, he grabbed the first notebook that came to his sight and opened it. The date was not recent – a few months earlier – and he began reading. [h. 16.56 - November 17th Damn Percy. Back at it with ruining my life. He broke my favourite flavoured candle by dropping it on the floor. It went into pieces. Gotta kill him, I suppose.] Percy gasped in terror and immediately closed the little notebook, turning around to check if someone was looking at him. Obviously, no one was. What was that weird feeling running along his spine, making him shivering and his heart beating fast? Ah, right. Guilt . Percy was holding one of Nico's diaries . And that was a bad - bad, bad, bad – thing to do. … so why did he want to keep reading? The son of Poseidon couldn't complain about his boyfriend never confiding him feelings or stuff. Percy was Nico's rock, and Nico was Percy's rock as well. But still. His hands were hitching from the desire to open that little black notebook again. Percy took a deep and shaky breath, glancing behind him to check if he was alone again. He was. Nico's gracious handwriting came to his sight again. [Anyway, he promised he's gonna buy me another one. I didn't tell him that I stole it from Hades' palace. Whatever, he's cute when he's guilty.] Percy widened his mouth and chuckled in stupor. "Little bastard," he whispered to himself. He kept reading. [I'm feeling bad again, anyway. I keep having that dream. Percy says it's nothing to worry about, but still. It's persistent. It makes me wanna cry. Bianca keeps calling my name and I can't move a finger to help her... Demigods have nightmares all the time, but I think that somehow I have it worse. I'm not being pretentious... I'd like to have it worse with something else like cooking or sword fighting, like normal people. Well. I suppose I'm not normal. Basically I'm 80 yo or something. Weird.] Percy sighed with sadness. He knew about that dream. It used to wake Nico up in the middle of the night, reducing him to tears and desperation. Percy had never seen anyone hating himself so much. He was trying his best to convince Nico that Bianca's death wasn't his fault. So, when he closed the notebook, he decided to look for an older one. Just to change the mood. Grinning mischievously, he found a diary that was dated back to the period – almost a year earlier - in which they were getting together. Those damn beautiful periods of hands' touching, shy smiles and heavy blushing. Percy bit his lower lip and opened the notebook. [h. 13.15 - July 3 rd I'm shaking! Percy asked me out! We're seeing the fireworks together tomorrow night. Oh gods gods GOOOODS!] Percy chuckled to himself. He remembered how excited he was when he had finally asked him out. [Man. I'm gonna pass out or something. And he's never going to kiss me because I'm ridiculous. OH GODS, IS HE GONNA KISS ME? PROBABLY. I need to calm the fuck down, I have to call Hazel, I'll write you later, I promise, I'm serious, bye. h. 1.06 - WHO CARES OF WHAT TIME IT IS. DAMN IT - July 5th IT'S FUCKING LATE! LOOK AT WHAT TIME IT IS! Percy just went to his cabin. We chatted for a while on my deck and stuff... HE KISSED ME DURING THE FIREWORKS! I DIDN'T EVEN CARE ABOUT THOSE DAMN FIREWORKS. He's so good at kissing and I'm not. It was my first kiss. I don't know if he noticed,] Percy smirked, whispering to himself, "I sure as shit noticed." [but anyway. I HAVE A BOYFRIEND – I think? - ! Shit. For Hades' sake. I can't handle all this. Bye h. I dunno. I lost my watch - July 6th Ehy. I lost my watch. Don't know where it is and the fact it's pissing me to death. And I know what I'm talking about. Anyway... Percy sat next to me at breakfast! SSSSSSHIT. Chiron wasn't pleased but didn't say a thing. I hope we won't have troubles for that. I don't give a fuck anyway because he kissed me again – Percy, not Chiron. WTF -. Then we went to the lake and he tried to be all cool and badass because he can keep me dry in the water and stuff... He stumbled and dropped his ice cream. So cute. I think I'm gonna kiss him first next time. h. 17.20 – same day. Percy found my watch. It was at the bottom of the lake. I suspect he made me lose it on purpose to look like a saviour at my eyes. I pretended to buy it.] Percy blushed a bit at the memory and sat on the bed, smiling to himself and closing the little notebook. So Nico knew he had done it on purpose. The little bastard . With renewed trepidation, he began rummaging through the little notebooks to find a specific one he honestly wanted to read. Percy wasn't an insecure type, but at the same time he cared about what people thought about him. Especially Nico. Especially in determined occasions. When the notebook dated back to a couple of months earlier came to his sight, he grinned triumphantly. Percy opened it and looked for a precise day that he still remembered perfectly. "There we go," he whispered, licking his lips with nervousness. His hands were trembling a bit, his guilt completely forgotten. [h. 10.23 – February 15th I don't know from where to start. Percy and I went to dinner last night for Valentine's Day. You have no idea of what happened! I honestly can't believe it myself... It just happened. We were in Cabin Three, kissing and stuff, with a hideous movie on Percy's laptop that I don't even remember and... well. WE DID IT. LIKE. WTF? It came completely out of the blue! I surely hadn't planned it. Like... never ever. But still! It happened. Oh man. We had sex! What can I say? Percy is... dunno.] Percy frowned in terror. "What does it mean you don't know ?!" He kept reading. [He is... skilled. I can't think of another word. He knows what do to and how to do it magnificently. Okay. It hurt, like, a real lot but I didn't give a shit! I came anyway! Not to mention the fact that Percy being naked... jeez. Let's not talk about it. It's for the better. Now, since I haven't slept here last night – OMGOMGOMGOMG – and my clothes begin to stink, I'm gonna take a shower. Then I'll call Hazel. Bye.] "No way!" Percy began turning the pages frantically, looking for other informations. "I wanna know more about it! C'mon Neeks, tell me you wrote- AH !" He adjusted his position on the bed and kept the pages opened, reading hungrily. [h. 17.40 – February 23rd Annabeth Chase keeps making fun of me and I want to kill her. Today she wiggled her eyebrows at a hickey I have on my neck. I'm fucking jealous because she had Percy before me. And she perfectly knows how I got the damn hickey and how wonderful it is when Percy bites on your neck and stuff. Damn Annabeth Chase... but whatever. I have hot wild sex with her ex-boyfriend. That's revenge. Because having sex with Percy is definitely the best thing ever happened to me. He's so good at it! We did it everywhere already. He simply cannot keep his hands off me. I never felt so loved... I never loved anybody so much as well. When we're not together I'm so horny... It's embarrassing! I have wet dreams about him even if he's sleeping next to me. How is it possible? Man. Being a teenager sure is hard. In every way you can think of. And it's a great thing you're a diary and that you can't think. Better for you.] Percy laughed fondly and closed the notebook again, glancing quickly at Tyson's watch on his wrist. He gasped silently, putting the diaries in the box again and laying said box where it was before he took it. Nico was going to come back to his cabin at any moment and he surely didn't want to be caught with his hands in the cookie jar. He felt extremely guilty, but also relieved. Those diaries didn't contain anything bad or that Nico was hiding from him. To be honest, the thing that Percy was worried about for the majority of the time was Nico's mental health. The son of Poseidon knew that Nico had a tendency to feel anxious and depressed, and he surely didn't want him to conceal those things from him. The boy sat on the bed and scratched his head distractedly, when suddenly the cabin's door opened and a sweaty and tired Nico appeared in all his glory. The son of Hades laid his sword against the wall and kicked the door closed, glancing around the room and looking for something to drink. He didn't find a water bottle, but he came really close anyway. "Perce!" Nico smiled widely and approached his boyfriend who had his hands in his pockets, happily waiting for him. Percy wrapped his arms around Nico's waist and laid closer to kiss him, but Nico kindly pushed him away with his hands on his chest. "Sweat. Bad smell. Shower." "Don't care. Kiss. Now." Nico blushed slightly, but nodded without being able to hold a smile. Percy kissed him deeply and passionately for a few seconds, squeezing Nico's sides teasingly and making him chuckle over his lips. When they separated, the son of Hades raised an eyebrow sarcastically. "Don't tickle me. I have to pee and it won't help." Percy laughed loudly and let go of his waist, sitting on Nico's bed and bending his head to a side. "Okay. Take a shower and everything. I'm taking you out for dinner." "Really? Wow. I think that-" Nico interrupted his sentence all of a sudden when he noticed something