Jason snorted dramatically when the sound of a glass – or at least three or four glasses – falling on the floor and breaking ceremoniously reached his ears, coming from the apartment next to his. Almost surprisingly, because he knew it was coming, the loud noise was followed by a series of fragrant laughs and curses coming from a lot of people – more than the apartment could contain, anyway. Jason sighed even more dramatically. He was so fucking tired of his neighbour's shit. They didn't even live in the same building . Unluckily, Jason's kitchen had a window which gave him a perfect view of his lovely neighbour's kitchen in the structure next to his. And said lovely neighbour just adored to throw insane parties every once in a while. Just to get on Jason's nerves. The blond young man tightened his grip around the remote control of his television. Jason was getting seriously mad and it was still a miracle that he could hear something over the loud music that was playing from that apartment. Taking a deep breath to calm the fuck down, he stood up and reached the little kitchen-area of his small apartment. He opened the window – resisting the urge to throw a sharp object to the other side – and noticed that his neighbour was near the fridge, laughing his ass off, and mixing some kind of weird super-alcoholic cocktail. The other guy's window was already opened. "Hey!" Jason shouted, trying to dominate the pop music playing from the hell in front of him. "Hey, damn it !" The boy on the other side kept pouring what it seemed to be vodka in a series of tiny glasses on his kitchen counter, spilling half of it on the floor. Then he frowned in confusion, raising his head and gazing around him. "I'm here! Your neighbour! Remember?! There are people living in this world apart from you," Jason shouted even louder. The boy finally turned his head towards him and grinned widely – almost evilly. " Jay Jay ! I thought you were dead!" "What?!", Jason frowned and pointed at his own ears, trying to make the other understand that he couldn't hear a thing. The boy nodded – smirking again – and whispered something into a friend's ear. The mysterious friend disappeared in the living room and, after a little while, the music volume finally lowered. Jason sighed in appreciation. "I said that I thought you were dead, Jay Jay," the boy winked at him mischievously. Jason rolled his eyes. That pain in the ass of a guy always used to hit on him. Constantly. Annoyingly. Unpleasantly . "No, di Angelo. I'm not dead as you can see. Could you please stop making so much noise? It's almost midnight. And it's a Tuesday." "Would you join us, Jay Jay? I have an amazing stamp collection to show you," the boy winked again, making one of his friends laugh next to him. Jason deeply sighed, resting his head on the windowsill. When he raised it again, he rubbed his eyes tiredly. "No. For the millionth time, no ." The guy sulked over-dramatically. "You're breaking my heart, Jay Jay. I just think that your shirt would be a lot nicer on my floor than on your chest." Some of his friends whistled in appreciation, others giggled uncontrollably due to their tipsiness. "Nico... don't call me that. Please," Jason scratched his forehead and blushed furiously. "Don't play dumb with me! I saw the sexy brunet the other night. On the couch. Naked," Nico wiggled his eyebrows teasingly, earning a few whistles from his friends again. "I know that you like brunets . Like me." Jason's cheeks flushed instantly. "That's- that's my ex-boyfriend. He was just-" " Uh-oh . Sore point? I'm so sorry. He didn't look like your ex -boyfriend, completely naked between your legs," Nico put a hand on his chest and faked a concerned expression, taking a sip of his cocktail. One of his friends was literally dying from laughter behind his back. The memory of his fresh new ex-boyfriend, Percy Jackson, was still haunting Jason's mind. "None of your business." Nico chuckled, banging his glass on the counter of his kitchen and frowning a bit while swallowing the alcohol. He coughed distractedly. "Was that goodbye sex? Do you have his number?" Nico giggled at the sight of Jason's pout. "Oooh! Someone's jelly, guys. You're right. I'm just yours, Jay Jay." "Oh, please . Shut the fuck up. And turn this ass music down," Jason scolded angrily. "I'm done with your shit, di Angelo." One of Nico's friends gasped dramatically and put both his hands on his cheeks as in a Munch's painting of The Scream . Some others giggled. Nico limited himself to roll his eyes with a smirk. "What a hardass. It's my birthday, Jay Jay. We're gonna drink and be loud and be socially unacceptable 'till our asses will hit the floor tonight." A chorus of joyous shouts raised from the whole apartment, making Nico smirk even wider. Jason sighed in defeat. He was so frustrated by that situation that he wanted to hide in a corner and cry. "Fine. What about I call the police? I'm pretty sure that some of your friends are not even legally able to drink." Nico blinked, being caught by surprise. But just for a second. "What about you join us, instead?" "No fucking way." A nice girl with brown hair and amazing green eyes handed Jason a slice of cake from the window, chuckling uncontrollably and almost dropping the little dish on the street below. "Birthday cake. It's chocolate." Jason grabbed the dish and throw it in the sink unkindly. "Thank you so much, but no. If I know Nico well, there's not just chocolate in that." The girl giggled again, falling on the floor seconds later. A couple of Nico's friends picked her up, moving her to the couch. Nico didn't seem to be aware of that. " If you know me well ? We're just neighbours. Maybe, if you come to my birthday party right now, we'll get to know each other well for real ." Nico winked. "Good night, di Angelo. Keep your music low." Jason growled, angrily shutting his window closed and closing the curtains. He sighed nervously and turned the television off. Jason tried to sleep that night, but the loud screams and the party music coming from Nico's apartment were driving him insane. He covered his head with a pillow. That asshole in apartment 13 was going to be his death. /Break/ The morning after, Jason woke up yawning widely. He stretched a bit and finally got up from the bed. Luckily, he had classes just in the afternoon that day. And he was really glad about it. The night had been a pure nightmare due to his neighbour's damn birthday party. When he reached the kitchen, he began preparing his coffee. The birthday cake still laid in the sink, completely forgotten. Jason sighed and definitively threw it in the trash can – ceramic dish included. While he drank his coffee, distractedly checking the calendar attached to his fridge, he noticed that someone was shouting from the apartment next to his in the other building. It sounded like a fight, or just a really loud conversation. Jason put his mug on the counter and slightly pushed the curtains aside, trying to peep unnoticed. Nico di Angelo was angrily waving his hands at a man Jason had never seen, a man who looked not even a bit concerned about it. The mysterious man kept rolling his eyes and nodding. Maybe he was Nico's brother? He was too young to be his father, but too old to be one of his friends. It was in exactly that moment, while Jason was wondering who that man was, that said man grabbed Nico's shoulders and kissed him fiercely, making Jason widening his mouth. Nico was struggling a real lot to free himself from the man's grip and, when he finally managed to do it, the man slapped him on the face. Hard . Jason heard the sound of it even with both their windows closed. He covered his mouth in surprise, gasping silently and suddenly not knowing what to do. The mysterious man began shouting back at Nico, while the boy looked more scared than Jason had ever seen him being, covering his cheek with a hand where he had been hit. They were obviously fighting now; the man towering over Nico with a frightening facial expression, Nico looking like he was about to cry in a matter of seconds. When the man shoved Nico strongly on his shoulders, making the boy stumbling and gripping a chair not to fall on the floor, Jason frowned suspiciously. He himself had been seriously mad before in his life, but he had never raised his hands against somebody. It was something unacceptable for Jason. And that had been the second time in exactly one minute that the man had done it against Nico. Jason saw Nico raising his hands at the man, trying to calm him down and talking at a normal voice volume, but the man didn't seem to be okay with that. He grabbed one of Nico's wrists and tugged it until Nico finally slipped on the floor. And that was when a bell rang in Jason's head. That situation was not okay. He hated his neighbour; he was loud, and crazy, and a party animal like no one else was. But that was not okay . Jason threw himself against his apartment door, slamming it open and running down the stairs. When the cold winter air hit his face, he ignored it and quickly directed himself towards the other building main entrance. He jumped a few steps and finally reached apartment 13's door. Jason began loudly hitting on the wooden surface with his fists, never intending to stop until someone was going to open the freaking door. After a few seconds, the unknown man slammed the door open. He looked flustered and dishevelled. At the sight of Jason, he got even madder. " Who are you?! And why are you disturbing me?!" Jason swallowed hard. That man was frightening and Jason couldn't absolutely fight to defend himself and Nico. He had never taken part in a brawl. He was a pacifist. Like a modern Gandhi. "I'm... I'm Nico's neighbour. Is everything all right here?" Jason tried to gaze behind the man's back. He could see Nico's body on the floor, hid by the table. Nico had his eyes completely widened in shock at the sight of the blond boy in front of his apartment door. The man's face flushed with anger. "Why should I tell you? Disappear from my sight, kiddo." Jason quickly looked at Nico again. The boy was slowly shaking his head in a desperate silent request. Don't leave. Please. And so Jason didn't leave. "Ehm. No, sir. It would be a lot better if you'd go away. Or I'm afraid," Jason swallowed with slight difficulty, "I'm afraid I'll call the cops." "Excuse me?" the man squinted, crossing his arms on his chest and trying to be intimidating. But Jason bought none of his shit. "You heard me. I'm 100% sure I saw you beating my neighbour. And Nico will confirm that. You don't want this to happen, right? Just go away and disappear from Nico's life," Jason began shaking a bit. "Ehm. Please." The man huffed a brief chuckle, but he looked slightly surprised. His gaze studied Jason's figure from feet to head for a couple of times. "It's you , then." Jason frowned. "Me?" "Yes. The reason why that little slut over there doesn't want to get laid anymore. It has been weeks now. He keeps repeating the same old shit. I've never loved you . I like someone else . Blah blah blah. He's just frigid, or