˜ Daphne looked at the scene with pure disgust. Her world of certainties collapsed like a house of cards blown away from the wind, as if it had been waiting for it for the whole time. Nico read the last sentence he wrote on the screen. He despised it. It was just the most horrifying thing he had ever written in his entire life. It had been a few months now since the worst curse had taken him with all his strength: writer's block. The young man wanted to shoot himself and die. He could have done everything with his life, but not writing that damn book anymore. He tried and kept carrying on. ˜ She had spent ages worrying about whether she was right or not. A blind rage began growing inside of her soul, clinging on every bone and muscle. Her "Fuck this crap, fuck everything, I'm gonna work at a gas station. A million times better. Relaxing, I'd say. Fuck you ." The boy shut his laptop closed, pouring all his anger on the innocent object. He stood up from the couch and gave it a kick. His fists in his hair, Nico thought he was going to cry. He couldn't believe that everything he had done in his life could have led to that moment. Damn, he had spent his whole existence studying and reading like a maniac, happy like a wagging dog about the fact that his dream to become a writer was becoming true. And now he simply hated it. For some kind of miracle a publishing house had accepted his manuscript as " not bad ". The boy almost passed out on the floor from happiness. The contract provided him fourteen months to finish the book and deliver it. Nico had spent the past five of them writing entire chapters, deleting them and re-writing them all. As a result, he had absolutely nothing decent yet. He didn't go out anymore, he basically lost every contact with his old friends from college, he hadn't seen his family for the whole time. His boyfriend even broke up with him. They became strangers to each other, in his opinion. Screw him, too. Nico had been single for three months already and he didn't give a shit. He hadn't time to hate his ex-boyfriend. He hated his book a lot more. The boy knew a huge nervous breakdown was going to knock on his door. He felt it in his bones every morning, after spending the whole night in front of his laptop screen. Like in that moment. It was almost 9 am and Nico hadn't closed his eyes, not even for a minute. Snow was falling outside, calmly and beautiful, and he didn't even noticed it. He had reached his limit. Tears were pushing and struggling to come out from his eyes. What had he done? He had lost everything. His entire life had fallen into pieces because he couldn't write a single fucking thing anymore. Nico laid on the floor in the middle of his living room and closed his eyes. He was feeling really dumb, laying on the carpet and doing absolutely nothing. But that was his showdown. He had failed. The publishing house was going to ask for the money they gave him and Nico had no idea of how to get them back. An ass writer and broke. The glorious ending of his writing career at barely 24 years old. He was falling asleep. Nico couldn't have imagined his floor was so comfortable. Maybe just a couple of minutes? He had read somewhere that sleeping was something good to do. Some scientist or a doctor said it. Who knew? Nico didn't sleep that much. He relaxed a little. Just for a couple of minutes... /Break/ The insistent and pounding sound of his doorbell ringing woke Nico up. The boy gasped, a hand on his chest, and sat up on the carpet immediately. "What the hell ! Did... did my nervous breakdown arrive?" He stood up on his feet – his body was aching everywhere, stupid asshole floor – and he reached the front door. Nico slammed it open. A smiley face met his eyes. His owner was a young man and he was wearing a down jacket covered in snow. Nico tried to ignore the fact that the man was insanely hot, with his green eyes and the messy black hair. He began wondering about when was the last time he got laid. Realisation hit him with the strength of a lot of bricks falling directly on him. He had no idea . Nico shook his head to get rid of his pathetic thoughts and concentrated his attention on the man in front of him. On his feet laid a huge box, the writing printed everywhere on it. Nico frowned. What the - "Good afternoon! I'm from the Sweet Home Time store, and that's your bookcase. You asked for an assembly assistance?" Afternoon? No way. It was almost 10 am. The young man was fucking around with him. Nico glanced at the clock hanging on his living room's wall. Oh . He had slept for five hours on the floor. How surprising he was feeling pain in places of his body he didn't know could have ached. Nico felt sorry for himself. He was literally pitying himself. He had reached the famous bottom. "Sir?" The young man was still smiling at him, a questioning look on his face. Right, the bookcase. He ordered a bookcase some days earlier, he slightly remembered it. Nico had flashbacks of the event in his mind. Oh yeah, the bookcase he decided he needed during one of his " I'm fucking up my whole life, let's do something completely useless " moments. Considering the hotness of the courier, Nico regretted nothing. "Hi... yes. Come in!" The young man smiled and nodded, entering the apartment. It was a nice place. Two bedrooms, a cosy living room – the boy loved books apparently, a wall was completely covered in bookcases - connected to a small kitchen. He caught a glimpse of a blue bathroom on his left - which Nico was really proud of. But the man didn't know that, for obvious reasons. "So, ehm. Where do you want me to put the bookcase?" Nico scratched his head, giving a look around his apartment. The courier found it sweet. The boy in front of him looked like a lost kitten. "Next the last one I ordered, I suppose. There's the room for another, right?". The boy slightly chuckled. "Yes, there is. The bookcase is the... well, the exact same model you ordered the past four times. If I'm counting well." Nico blushed. Why was he dumb? God knew. "Oh, right. You've got a point." The young man kept staring at him and smiling. Nico had the feeling he was x-ray scanning him. "Uhm, give me your jacket if you want... you can't do anything wearing that" he smiled with embarrassment and pointed at the man's down jacket. "Oh, thank you." The courier unzipped and handed it to the boy, revealing a tool belt around his hips. And what hips. They were connected to a sculptured stomach and chest, both hidden by an adherent – and useless , Nico thought - orange t-shirt from the store. The man had the body of a professional swimmer. Nico didn't want to drool in front of a complete stranger, and so he distracted himself by hanging the jacket near the entrance. The courier rubbed his hands and kindly smiled. "All right. I'm assembling it and then I'll disappear." Nico observed him opening the box with a cutter. In order to do it properly, the man had to bend down, giving his back to him. Oh, he should not have done it. Nico silently gasped when he came face to face with a perfect ass. He turned his head in a different angle to look at it better, smiling dumbly. Now he remembered. It had been almost five months since the last time he had had sex. The stranger's ass worked for him as an epiphany. The man suddenly stood up again and turned around, almost catching Nico's dreamy stare. Almost. "Sir, do you-" the young man interrupted his own question and chuckled. "You know, I think we're around the same age. I don't feel good by calling you ' sir '. I'm Percy. And you're Nico, I read it on my list of deliveries." Nico blushed slightly. He found the stranger's name sexy. Five months without getting laid brought him at that level. Finding a name sexy . "Nico. Yeah, you're right... I mean, I'm 24. You look around 25 maybe?" Percy grinned. "It's 27. Do I look younger? That's great. Going to the gym is worth something at least. Not just wasting money." Nico had to force himself really hard not to imagine the man all sweaty and shirtless. He limited himself to nod shyly. Percy kept grinning at him. "So, Nico. Can I ask you a glass of water?" The boy smiled at him. "Of course..." He then disappeared in the kitchen, while the man began assembling his new bookcase. /Break/ "That's good, there is no longer any room for anything else on this wall!" Percy laughed, looking at his completed work. Nico chuckled back, his arms crossed on his chest. He was staring at his wall too, wondering the same thing. Maybe he had to sort out his priorities in life. "I read a lot... and I can't stand not having my own books. I keep buying them... I'm addicted." Percy turned to smile at him. "It's not that bad as an addiction. It's not drugs, at least." He laughed again. The young courier stared at him in the eyes for some seconds. Nico didn't look away, making him blush. He coughed awkwardly to clear his throat and moved his gaze back to the bookcase. "You're a reader, then. I'd like to read more but I don't have the time." Nico suddenly reminded his miserable life. He sighed. "I'm a writer, too. But... it's been five months now, I've the hugest writer's block ever existed in the history of writer's blocks. My dream life doesn't exist anymore..." What the hell was he doing? Confiding himself to a courier from a furniture store? He had lost his mind. But Percy sighed in response, nodding with sympathy. "I know what you're talking about. I've got a vet degree, but after college I was so broke I began accepting every job existing. I lost my dream halfway through. And I'm still broke, anyway." He laughed in amusement. Nico frowned, he had noticed a glimpse of sadness in Percy's words. "You know... I think there's something we're doing wrong." Percy nodded with understanding and turned to face him again. "Maybe I can help you. What's your book about?" Nico snorted and rolled his eyes like and angry mom does in front of his son disappointing her. "There's this girl, Daphne. She lives in a dystopian future, you know, dictatorship and amazing technology." Percy chuckled. "And... she's trying her best to carry on, studying and working. Same old same old. She loves this Logan boy, who's a complete asshole if you want my opinion. I hate him." "Didn't you create him?" "Yes. So?" "... nothing. Please, go on." "Right. So, he's an asshole. He cheats on her all the time, until the day she finds out." Percy raised an eyebrow at him with anticipation. "And what does she do then?" "She kills him." The young man raised both his eyebrows at the revelation. "And? What happens next?" "I have no idea. I did at first, but I found out it's stupid. So now I'm at the point she just killed him and I have absolutely no idea of what to do with this book." "What was your previous plot then? The first idea you had."