Hello! Just a few warnings before getting started: - Mental disorders general warning: in this long fic you'll find a great variety of mental illnesses. In order to write it, I collected a ton of information. I took inspiration from movies and books, too - so maybe you'll find some references. If I'm gonna hurt someone's sensibility, please tell me! I was as careful as I could. - General angst warning: I'm not a fan of angst, but you'll find some characters who are depressed/damaged/hurting. But I also love happy endings. Nothing tragic is going to happen in this fic. - Chapters: 10. I really hope you'll enjoy this! It took me ages. And sorry for this hella long beginning note LOL. /NOTE/ " Nico! Nico wake up!" Nico felt his body being shaken by someone who was corpulent and strong. He couldn't really tell what was going on, but since he was finally able to sleep, why did he have to wake up? The sleeping pills he had taken were working. His insomnia had been a nightmare lately. Much more than usual. Why couldn't he sleep and be left in peace? " Jesus Christ! Maria, call an ambulance! Maria, quick! Nico, what did you do?! Open your eyes!" Everything turned off in Nico's mind. /Break/ Blank Hill Hospital was sorely depressing. Considering Nico di Angelo's actual state of mind, the young boy was surprised to have found a place more depressing than his house was. The dark haired boy laid closer to his car window and took a look outside. That place was extraneous and demoralizing. The main building was bright white and pretty impressive, with huge well-kept gardens all around. The whole area had been fenced with what looked like an electrified enclosure. Glancing at the people who wandered in the gardens accompanied by some nurses, Nico had a confirmation that he was officially in hell. Worn out faces. Empty eyes. Not a glimpse of a smile. "Sir, it is twenty-five dollars for the ride. Someone will be here soon to take an eye on you and escort you inside." Nico turned around towards the man who had just spoken in the front seat, the hospital driver. He rummaged through his belongings in his shoulder bag and gave the man his twenty-five dollars. His father had given him thirty dollars overall. No wonder he had done it. Hades di Angelo still was afraid that his son could have bought some heavy drugs to try and kill himself. Again . What could he buy with five dollars left? "Thanks," the hospital driver took the money and then adjusted the rear-view mirror of the car to spend some time doing something. He kept giving quick looks at Nico. "So... why are you here, in Blank Hill?" The young scrawny boy frowned and his eyes darkened. "I don't... They-they think I'm suicidal." The hospital driver raised an eyebrow at him from the mirror. "They think ?" Nico sighed, crossing his arms on his chest in disappointment. He wasn't even in the hospital yet and he was already being psychoanalysed. "Frankly, sir, this is none of your business." "Fair enough." The man smiled at him, turning around and looking at Nico directly in the face. "But, you know... if they say you're suicidal, you probably are suicidal. If I were you, I'd listen to them. I've seen a lot of teenagers like you coming here and going back home again. You're not stuck here forever. Give it a try." Nico warily glanced at the man from feet to head, analysing what he had just said. One could say he had trust issues. "Whatever." The hospital driver smiled kindly again, trying to reassure the young boy in front of him. "I'm sure I'll see you again soon to take you back home. You look like a tough cookie." Nico's lips curved into a faint smile, though his eyes remained empty. When he was about to open his mouth and give the man an answer, someone knocked on his car window. Nico turned around. He had to swallow hard to keep himself from punching the stranger through the glass. "Nico di Angelo? Hi!" A nice lady's voice reached Nico's ears from the outside, coming in muffled. She was waving her hand happily. "C'mon, dear! Get off the car!" She kept smiling at him. Nico turned towards the hospital driver with intense worry. The man nodded enthusiastically to encourage him. With a deep sigh, Nico opened the car door and grabbed his bag, stepping outside and glancing around him in fear. "Hi! I'm Hazel. I'll be your tour guide for a couple of hours today and... well, you'll see me a lot here. I'm the Teenagers' Department Head. At your disposition." Hazel offered Nico her hand to shake it. Nico limited himself to stare at it with distrust. The young lady sighed, withdrawing her hand and grabbing a pen from a pocket of her white coat. It was in that moment that Nico noticed she was holding a folder. "Okay. You're a bit upset. I understand. But trust me, we'll get along well together. Do you have a suitcase, Nico?" The boy nodded slowly, never taking his eyes off the folder on which the nurse was writing something. The hospital driver wasn't in the car anymore, and was now taking Nico's baggage from the trunk. As soon as his suitcase touched the ground, the man patted Nico on a shoulder and wished him good luck. Hazel kept smiling for the whole time. "Thanks, Argus. See you next time." "No problem, dear. Bye." The hospital driver bent his head as a greeting and got in the car again, leaving the parking lot with a tyre screech. Nico glanced at the black car turning round the corner and disappearing from his sight. When he looked at the nurse again, he was even more concerned. Hazel cleared her throat very professionally. "I'll help you bringing your stuff inside. You'll understand that we have to check it before giving it back to you. Isn't it? We have to keep everyone safe." She smiled reassuringly. "We trust you, Nico. But-" "But, in fact, you don't." Nico raised his gaze from the ground and gave her a sarcastic grin. "You can check whatever the heck you want. I've got nothing to hide." "This is great, Nico. If we trust each other, things will go well. Cooperation is the key in Blank Hill. Now... you can follow me." Hazel smiled and grabbed Nico's suitcase. "You'll meet your therapists so they can welcome you here. But don't worry, your schedule will be packed starting from tomorrow. We'll give you one day to adjust." Nico nodded, swallowing a lump in his throat. Hazel escorted him in the building and he was really surprised to find out that it was actually... nice . The main entrance had a nice lobby with couches and a few little tables. An old woman sat behind a counter, taking phone calls and writing appointments on her computer. "Okay. This is the lobby," Hazel turned around and laid the suitcase on the floor. Nico wondered if it was too heavy. "You won't come here really often. Since you're new and we don't know you, you're confined to your department for forty-five days. You'll have free hours to spend outside of course. Two nurses will come with you every time. You're what in hospital jargon we call a "+2". One patient and two nurses. For now, until your therapists decide it's safe to let you alone, that's how things are gonna work. All right? Now we'll go to the Teenagers' Department, also known as East Wing." Nico frowned in deep confusion. To much information in just one single shot. "Plus two? What... what does it mean?" Hazel smiled reassuringly. "It's just a usual procedure. A lot of patients become a "+1" in a very short time. If you follow the rules, follow your therapy, take your medications regularly... you'll be fine. I've got the feeling you'll be able to go outside as a +1 really soon. Now, your department." Nico nodded silently, reworking her words in his head. He wasn't allowed to go outside or do anything alone. What a great new. "Can I smoke?" "I'm afraid no. You have to be eighteen to be able to smoke in your free hours. I'm sorry... but it's a great excuse to quit, isn't it?" Hazel smiled politely. "As I was saying... the Teenagers' Department hosts young boys and girls from fifteen to twenty years old. The Children Department hosts kids from five to fourteen years old and that's the West Wing. In the North Wing we have Adults, from twenty-one to seventy. We have very few over seventy patients, and they stay in the South Wing anyway. You'll never see them wandering around." Nico grabbed his suitcase before Hazel could have done it. "It's heavy. It's all right." Hazel stroked his shoulder fondly. "Thank you. You're a gentleman. All right, Nico. Follow me." They directed themselves towards a white and big door in the right side of the lobby. Said door towered in front of them, a golden plaque hanging from it: Teenagers' Department. Blank Hill Hospital. Head: Hazel Levesque. The woman took a magnetic card from her pocket and opened it. There was her name written on it with a picture of her. Nico followed her in a long, white and yellow corridor. The floor was so bright yellow that Nico felt his eyes aching. Hazel opened another door with her card. She began opening so many doors with that damn card that Nico had lost count. He had been a bit distracted when they had crossed a short path outside – being in the fresh air again, even if for a few seconds, had been amazing -, but then they were inside again. Finally, they reached a room which was almost the exact replica of the main entrance lobby. The only difference was that there was no counter and no old lady behind it. There was a big TV hanging from the ceiling, many more couches and armchairs and two long corridors branched out in both directions – left and right. Nico laid his suitcase on the floor to glance around him, the fear momentarily forgotten. Everything looked nice . There were flowers, deck of cards everywhere and even some chess game boards here and there. Some tables had bowls of candies on them. "So, Nico." Nico turned towards Hazel with a dumb expression, making her chuckling in amusement. "I know. It doesn't look so bad, after all. Doesn't it?" She smiled. "Left corridor is where the girls are. Right corridor, the boys. At the end of the boys' corridor there's the door for the canteen. You can access the canteen exclusively during meal times. At the end of the girls' corridor, there's the recreation area. Always accessible during the daytime. For therapy you'll be escorted through the door we just came from. So don't worry, you won't get lost." Hazel stroked Nico's shoulder for the second time that day. "A nurse we'll come every day at 8 pm, after dinner, to distribute the medications to everyone. You have none from now, but I suppose you'll have starting from tomorrow. Please, take them. There are patients who hide them under their tongue. A waste of energy, really. We always check. So now you know." Hazel winked teasingly. "Any questions?" "Is... is there a bathroom?" Nico asked in confusion. He couldn't think of something more clever. Hazel chuckled. "Of course. Every corridor has a common bathroom. You'll find it immediately. They're really big. If you need to shave or doing something else, you can ask a nurse. We'll keep an eye on you." Nico huffed a sarcastic chuckle. "You don't leave patients with sharp objects on their own, don't you?" Hazel looked at him with a sparkle in her eyes. She