"That's the worst idea I've ever had so far." Jason laughed at Leo's words. The boys were carrying cases of beer around camp, under the exasperated gazes that Chiron and other older campers were giving them. Some rules had changed after the last war against the Giants and Gaea at Camp Half-Blood. Demigods could hang wherever they wanted in cabins which weren't theirs and, with a special permission from Chiron, they could even violate curfew - to celebrate a birthday, for example. Campers felt like they didn't want to waste anymore time with stupid antic rules. They were demigods after all, and they had to enjoy every single moment the fate offered them. In just a second they could have been gloriously dead on the ground. It was pretty paradoxical that a war had to remind them that fact. "It wasn't necessary to buy all this beer, Leo. Seriously." Leo glanced at Jason, an offended expression on his face. He stopped walking in the middle of the pathway to put a hand on his chest, letting go of his barrow. Jason stopped as well, a raised eyebrow. "What now? Did you forget to order some new livers for everyone?" "You're hurting me. And you're hurting the beers' feelings. Shut the fuck up." Jason rolled his eyes and sighed fondly at his over-dramatical friend. They resumed their walking in hush. The blond guy cleared his throat after a couple of minutes. "How's Calypso? Is she still having troubles for, like, violating her eternal godly punishment?" Leo snorted and nodded slowly, feeling sad about it. "Yeah... I'm sorry to say that, especially to you, but your dad is being a complete asshole. She's on Olympus right now. There's a trial going on." "I'll be careful saying that. He could strike you to death on the spot." "Whatever, I'm depressed Jay. Without her... I don't know. That's why we have to get drunk tomorrow, you see?" Leo winked at him. He was trying his best to look humorous and happy as usual. The truth was that it had passed a year now since the war had ended, and he couldn't help but feeling worried for basically everything. Finding out he was a demigod - and being part of a terrific Great Prophecy that had predicted his death - had stressed him out just a little . Jason smiled with sympathy and nodded. He didn't want to rub salt into a wound, so he decided to avoid any other question about Calypso. When they both walked next to the strawberries field and the sweet smell reached their noses, Leo regained a bit of hope. He grinned openly. "It's gonna be the greatest party ever. Better than the one we threw for your birthday last month." "Impossible." "You'll see with your own eyes." "I feel jealous." The Latino laughed and turned to look at his friend, who was faking a sad expression and shaking his head in disbelief. "Percy needs it more than you. He's basically breaking up with his girlfriend. And tomorrow it's his birthday. Show some pity, Sparky." Jason rolled his eyes in exasperation. "He's not . Stop saying that!" Leo murmured something that sounded like a sceptical " whatever ", and they reached Percy's cabin. The boys were finally free to let their borrows on the ground to climb Poseidon's Cabin patio stairs. Jason knocked on the door three times. They heard a few weird noises coming for the inside and a clashing sound of a sword falling on the floor. Leo gazed at Jason with a raised eyebrow. "Is he sword fighting with himself?" Jason shrugged. "Maybe it's a fetish." Leo smirked. After some instants, the door slammed open. A dishevelled Percy appeared in front of them. His eyes were red and swollen. He looked like shit. "You look like shit, Perce." Leo frowned. "Thank you very much. What do you want?" Jason cleared his throat in embarrassment. He was feeling amiss. "Are you fine?" "The sky is blue, sun is shining bright in the sky, the lake is beautiful and grass is green. I'm perfectly fine. The fuck do you want?!" The blond boy frowned, a concerned expression on his face. Percy was so far from being perfectly fine . He never adopted that kind of behaviour with them. It was unusual for him to be so aggressive. Leo limited himself to raise an eyebrow, letting his friend speak. "Did you argue with Annabeth?" At the girl's name Percy winced almost imperceptibly. He coughed to hide his reaction, though he sniffed seconds later, revealing his actual crappy mood. "Ehm... yeah, probably, I don't know. I'm not sure anymore. It's daily routine. Guys, what do you want ?" Leo took charge of the situation and tried to make things look normal. It was obvious that their friend didn't want to talk about it. "Since tomorrow is your birthday and, as you know, we're gonna throw the greatest party ever existed-" "Ah, it's good you're mentioning that. Cancel it. I don't want any party." "- the greatest party ever existed, as I was saying. We brought you the beers. Keep them fresh, all right?" "Leo, are you deaf?" "You could preserve them in the sea, like people do when they go to the beach. You know, with you being Poseidon's son and all that stuff. Must be easy. But please feel free to use a refrigerator if you want." " Leo ." "They're over there, near the stairs. Don't forget them." Percy was ready to rebut, but Leo was quicker than him and waved goodbye to the boys. He disappeared from the patio, literally running in the opposite direction. Jason smiled when Percy looked at him like he was going to explode. "Ah... you know how's Leo. Okay. The party starts at 9 pm. Reyna is coming too, we convinced her. Frank convinced her, anyway. There's Rachel, the seven of us and Nico. All right?" Percy suddenly seemed to be a little worried without any reason. Jason wondered what his argument with Annabeth had been about. Since they kept fighting basically for everything, it was difficult to say. The sea-green eyed boy took a deep – shaky - breath, distracting Jason from his thoughts. "Reyna's coming?" There was the ghost of a smile on his face. "Good. And... and Nico?" Jason didn't answer immediately, frowning for instinct. Percy's tone of voice had become... careful . He inhaled calmly and decided to keep his impression for himself. Something was weird with the way Percy had asked him. He wanted to talk about it with Piper in a second moment. "Yeah, of course. It was essential to have Reyna coming in order to have Nico as well." He chuckled a little, trying to dissipate his uneasiness. Percy mirrored the gesture, smiling back at him and nodding. "Yeah I know... we all know Nico. He's..." The boy made a pause, making Jason frowning a second time. "He's restrained." Jason cleared his throat. He was feeling unreasonably confused. There was something he was missing about the way Percy kept embarrassing himself in front of him. He wouldn't have bet on it, but the son of Poseidon was slightly blushing. The blond decided to give up and stop thinking about it in that moment. "Okay then, Perce. See you around. I'm... I'm sorry for Ann, you know. It's gonna be fine." Jason gave him a quick squeeze on a shoulder and left Percy at the door, the beers staring at him from the distance. He sighed to himself. "Great..." /Break/ The next day the son of Jupiter was obviously staring at Nico di Angelo at the other side of the dining area. The scrawny boy was listening to Hazel and Reyna talking about the Gods knew what. And Piper noticed it, while she was eating her salad with carrots next to him - another enjoyable change in the rules being the fact that now campers could eat wherever they wanted. The girl snorted loudly. "I could start wearing all black and look murderous myself if you find it sexy, Sparky." Jason gasped in surprise hearing his girlfriend's voice on his right side. He had completely forgotten he was sitting at the table and having lunch with her. His meal was probably cold now. The blond boy turned around to look at Piper who was mockingly staring at him with a raised eyebrow. "So? What's so interesting about Nico?" The boy cleared his throat with guilt. "Sorry, Pip. I was brooding over a thing and I got distracted." Piper's eyebrow raised even higher. "A thing? Spit it out, c'mon. Maybe I can help. You look like you're in the clouds." Jason sighed a little and rubbed his eyes. "Please. You're recycling this ass old joke since forever." The girl grinned mischievously. "I have no idea what you're talking about." "Sure." "Anyway. Tell me, pleeease! I'll kiss you if you do." Piper smiled, charm speaking to Jason not with her demigoddess power, but with her natural woman weapons. She fluttered her eyelashes over-dramatically. Jason chuckled and wrapped her shoulders with his muscular arm, leaning down for a quick kiss. "I wanted to tell you anyway. Don't worry." His girlfriend smiled at him with affection at the revelation. "Leo and I brought the beers to Percy's cabin yesterday. We found him devastated. He had his eyes red and... it was so obvious, really. The fact is that the situation looked a bit weird, if you want my opinion." Piper frowned in a pensive way. "What do you mean?" "I told him Reyna and Nico were coming to his birthday party tonight, as well as Rachel and the seven of us. Normal, isn't it? Well, he turned all blushing and embarrassed. I said something that triggered him." The girl grinned for an instant. "Gods, you love gossiping so much Jay." "Can you please pay attention?" "Yup. Go on." "Right. As I said, something triggered him. He looked anxious. And do you want to know what I personally think about it?" Piper chuckled even more. "Sure as shit I do." "Percy hates Nico." Jason gave her a quick nod with his head, genuinely convinced he had just dropped the hugest truth-bomb ever. The girl held her breath for a few instants with her eyebrow raised. Jason was a complete dork. Of course, she knew what Percy and Annabeth had argued about – Annabeth trusted Piper enough to consider her one of his closest friends -, but her boyfriend was absolutely idiot. Percy hated Nico . She wanted to ask her Mother to personally slap him in the face. "You're not being serious, Sparky." Jason grinned with satisfaction. "I am extra serious." "Well, I'm not surprised. I'm sorry to tell you this, but you didn't get a shit." The boy changed his facial expression immediately, turning from deeply proud to deeply confused. "What?!" Piper leaned closer. The last thing she wanted was someone to eavesdrop their conversation. Annabeth had been deadly serious about shutting her mouth on the subject. And with deadly, she meant deadly . But there was Jason in front of her and she knew he wasn't going to tell anything to anyone if she asked him not to. Her boyfriend was a loyal person as everybody knew. "Promise you'll keep the secret, it's super important. Jay?" Jason nodded in agreement, still looking disconcerted and lost. "Of course." "Percy didn't tell you anything about this? I thought you were in great confidence." "We are, but..." the boy didn't know how to explain himself in the best way possible. "But... lately he's been sad, and depressed, and a lot of other stuff. I asked him a million times if he wanted to talk about it. He doesn't want to." Piper sighed in resignation. She had to tell him herself. "Okay... It's understandable. Well, Annabeth told me that Percy doesn't love her anymore. I mean, not romantically. He didn't confess yet, but she's