When Peeta comes home from work, the kids lose all interest in anything else. Whatever book or toy or picture is in their hands is dropped immediately as they run towards their dad, arms outstretched to give him a hug. Most days, Peeta kneels down to wrap them up together in his big arms, kissing them over and over. On the better days – when he spends all day baking - he can pick them both up at once and let them dig their faces into his neck. But on the days when his leg bothers him or he's had to deal with difficult customers at the bakery, all he can manage is ruffling their hair before flopping onto the couch. It's on these days that I lose interest in my activities to focus on him as well. A back rub can do wonders on my husband. But most days, he gets home, gives them a big hug, and then removes his jacket and boots. Eva likes trying to hang up his jacket on the hook that's way out of her reach, giggling as she jumps, trying to reach it. James, being closest to the ground and obsessed with precision and detail like his father, straightens the shoes. Peeta's on the left beside my hunting boots, Eva's pink sneakers beside mine, and James's yellow running shoes beside hers. It's one of my favourite things to see, those shoes at the door, speaking volumes about the people who wear them. On this particular day, Eva clings to Peeta's good leg after his jacket is hung. "Daddy, did you bring me any cupcakes?" At 5 years old, she is already obsessed with the cupcakes her father bakes every day. Peeta chuckles and tries to walk, heading for the couch in the living room. "Not tonight, Eva. You got one yesterday," by now, James is trailing along behind them, holding onto the hem of Peeta's shirt, trying not to step on his heels. My little girl pouts and lets go of Peeta's leg. He sees this, probably feels it in the air that his daughter is less than thrilled. "Tomorrow, I promise," he agrees, making her clap in jubilation. "Me too, Daddy!" James chirps. "You too, James," Peeta picks him up to give him a kiss, a big wet one that he's been forbidden to give me anymore. It makes him laugh and squeal before he's plunked back on the ground. And, just like always, the stories from Eva begin. She's in school in the morning, and then comes home for lunch, meaning she has about 6 hours of life she needs to fill her daddy in on. Some of the stories are made up, based on one small fragment of truth. She exaggerates everything, calling an inch-worm a snake or another girl with dark hair her twin. Peeta absorbs it all, listens attentively as if there's going to be a quiz later on. Eva talks until she can't remember anything else, usually ending her rambling with a request for dinner. "What do you want for dinner?" Peeta asks the kids this every night and the answer is almost always the same. Eva wants macaroni, while James is content to yell that he wants carrots and corn. Nothing else. It makes us both laugh. "I got a couple squirrels today, Peeta," I say from my spot on the couch, the latest book of ours open in front of me. Eva pouts about this. She'd rather have macaroni. "We'll have macaroni next time, okay Ev?" He tries to reason with her. She folds her arms across her chest and looks so strikingly like me that it worries me slightly. The scowl on her face is replaced with laughter as Peeta tickles her. "Smile, Eva, smile," he encourages her. James wants in on this, too. The living room is soon filled with my children's laughter. As usual, I get up to make dinner, leaving Peeta with his two monkeys. And as usual, Peeta stands, disentangling himself from his son and daughter. "I'll make dinner. You made lunch," he offers. James is the first to oppose this today. "No, Daddy! I want to play wif you!" He clings to Peeta's big hand, trying to pull him back to the couch. "Peeta, it's fine. You haven't seen them all day," I reassure him, moving back to quickly peck his cheek. "They've missed you." So Peeta thanks me, and James drags him to the corner of the room where his toy cars and trucks are. "Play wif me!" He demands again, but Peeta never needs asking twice. He's lying on his stomach in a matter of seconds, pulling some of James' favourite cars out of the bin. I hear the two of them making car noises together while I start cooking the squirrel for dinner. A hand tugs at my shirt not too long after. "Mommy," Eva stands next to me, rubbing one eye with her fist. "I want to play with Daddy, too," she whines. I don't like to encourage the whining my children do, but since Peeta's been working longer hours this week, I understand how she feels. Even I want to whine that I want to play with him in the most innocent way. "You can play with Daddy and James if you want," I suggest. This doesn't sit well with her. "I don't like playing with cars." In the end, I take her hand in mine and bring her back to Peeta. With a little nudge from me, she starts talking, the whining gone from her voice. She never whines to Peeta. It stresses him out and makes him short with her. "Daddy, I want you to play puppy with me," she requests. Puppy is a game the two of them came up with when Eva was James' age. Peeta's always the puppy – as he should be – and gives her rides on his back while she orders him to sit, stay, and come. James hasn't quite caught onto the fun this game entails, so it's still a special thing between Eva and her dad. "You don't want to play cars with us?" He asks, sitting up to pull her towards him. She shakes her head almost pitifully. This warrants a kiss on the forehead from him. "Okay, we can play puppy a little bit before dinner," Peeta agrees. "Can Jamesy play with us?" Eva nods, probably because she knows he won't want to. I hear the water start to bubble from the kitchen, so I hurry off to finish dinner. This time, the sounds of Eva shrieking happily and calling out commands is joined by Peeta barking and panting. "Dinner!" I call out fifteen minutes later. Eva's the first one to the table, pulling back her chair and climbing onto it. I serve the food while Peeta carries James in and sets him in the plastic booster seat. Dinner is mostly quiet in our house. The kids are slow eaters though they try. Often, Peeta and I get to have what might be our first conversation of the day. We imitate Eva in our retelling of the day. Peeta says he got a billion customers while I inform him that I caught a racoon in the first 2 seconds of hunting. On days when we're too tired to talk, the only sound is of chewing and Eva humming while she eats. Peeta's always first done. He inhales the food, no matter what it is. "I'm full," James complains, pushing his plate away even though he's only finished half of what I gave him. "Eat four more bites, James," Peeta suggests. With reluctance, James puts another forkful into his mouth. I finish second followed by Eva who thinks it's a race at the end. "Dessert?" She asks hopefully, her blue eyes lighting up. Peeta shakes his head. "Not tonight, Mockingjay," he pats her on the head, using the nickname I won't let him call me, but that Eva embodies perfectly. She's the Mockingjay in our family now. Peeta does do the dishes afterwards, feeling like he owes me the world after I made the meal. James hugs his leg, eager to spend every last waking second with his dad. It's usually Eva who remains in the kitchen to help dry or stack the dishes. But tonight, Peeta has to lift James onto the counter beside the sink so he can watch. I stay at the table with Eva while she practices writing her full name on a piece of paper. "How's the writing going, Eva?" Peeta asks, craning his neck to see over her shoulder. "I'm not as good as you, Daddy," she pouts, thinking about all the times she's seen Peeta sign his name or write a letter with his calligraphy pen. She's better than I was at her age, though. "You'll get better, Ev. I promise," together, Peeta and James finish the dishes just in time for Eva to get bored of writing her name. Peeta retrieves her practice sheet from the table and sticks it to the fridge with a magnet. It's time for bed for the two youngest Mellarks. Tonight also happens to be bath night, which happens every two days. Just like every night, Peeta gets them ready for bed. He starts running the water in the bathtub before getting clean pajamas for them. Eva can undress herself, but when I go up to get into my pajamas, I see Peeta sitting on the stool, helping James keep his balance while he gets his pants off. He enjoys bath-time less than Eva, who would probably stay in the warm soapy water all night if she could. They get in together, playing with the rubber ducks and boats they have while Peeta expertly shampoos them. It takes him half as long to rinse and then condition as I take on the off-chance Peeta is sick or too tired to bathe them. "Can we stay and play, Daddy?" Eva asks, trying to squish a duck onto a miniature sailboat. Peeta nods. "For a little bit," he stays to make sure they're okay, joining them in making the little army men do dives off the side of the tub. James laughs hysterically at the sound effects Peeta makes. I know he lets them stay longer than they should. When he finally pulls the plug and wraps them in towels, their fingers are prune-like and Eva's teeth are chattering. Getting them in pajamas is probably the hardest part about bath time. James squirms and Eva tries to get back into the tub. Their dad is an old pro, though. He gets Eva's underwear and pants on first, and then holds James between his knees to do the same. "Can I help you dry your hair?" I hear Peeta ask his daughter. I know she'll be trying to wring water from it as best as she can. "No, I want to do it!" She cries. There's no more arguing, so I know Peeta's moved on to getting James into a pajama shirt. Eventually, I hear Eva jumping up and down. "I can't do it!" She cries. Patiently, Peeta takes her towel and begins squeezing out the last of the water so she doesn't ruin the back of her shirt with drips. He kisses her cheek when he's done and pulls her shirt over her head. "Go get Mommy to brush your hair," he says, handing her the brush. Peeta tries his hardest to braid her hair every night before bed, but he knows he'll never be as good as I am. It also gives him time to clean up the bathroom. Eva's hair is silky and smooth when I brush it. She holds very still so I can section it and put it into two French braids. I'm happier she inherited my dark hair instead of Peeta's blonde like James did. She would look too much like Prim. When I'm done, Peeta isn't