We sail into the sun, our hope on the horizon. It seems we've arrived at an everlasting journey: a hungering and yearning rushes through our lives. . . August 3019 TA Éomer had never been so hot in his life . Not in Minas Tirith during the summer, or the small cities that flourished in sight of the sea during the seasons where even the nights were hot and sticky and markets opened at dusk. Nor even on yearly campaigns in the Mark, where he could rarely take off his full armor and mail for the threat of orcs or Dunlendings. The sun beat down on his back, and it burned his skin even through the handkerchief he had tied around his head to hang down his neck at the example of Aragorn and Imrahil. He kept his eyes closed, for the reflection of the sun off of sand beneath Firefoot's hooves blinded him. He wanted to weep for the pure misery of it all, for his tears would be disguised in the tracks of sweat that dripped from his head and down his body. The light cotton tunic and loose fitting breeches had helped him none, and as soon as the sun was halfway in the sky, he had withdrawn in his wretchedness. And that had been hours ago. He wished whole-heartedly that he had opted out of this endeavor. Imrahil had written for his company for the 'adventure' of it, not for the danger posed to Gondor. At least, Aragorn had assured them that there was no longer any threat from most of the Haradrim tribes. His assent has been easy enough to give, a favor for his friend, within the cool walls of Meduseld in the early spring that only hinted at the warm season to come. Work out a trade agreement with the desert tribes , Imrahil had suggested . See new landscapes, try new foods. Meet my daughter, married long since to a Haradrim lord. Share more stories and jokes with Amrothos. Ha! Éomer pulled his water-skin from his saddle and drank deeply, wishing he could stop to share with Firefoot. The poor horse was bearing the heat much better than he himself. He had been the recipient of many hoots and jibes when he had tried to dismount for lunch, for the scorching sand had burned his feet, even with his shoes. The moment his feet had touched ground, he had yelped and pulled himself halfway back into the saddle quick as a wink, looking very undignified with his legs hanging. "Think of the stories you will have to tell Éowyn and your marshals in Edoras," Imrahil had said, meaning well. "I have had enough adventures for my lifetime," he grumbled to himself now. "I have naught to gain from this. If I had known this ruddy expedition would be too tiresome to enjoy the time with my friends, I would have declined." "Come now, Éomer," he heard a jubilant voice beside him, and he looked to see Erchirion falling in. "One might think you are not enjoying yourself." "I am not," Éomer snapped. "Take your jokes elsewhere." "You should restore your good humor before we arrive," Erchirion said. "My sister will find no joy in playing hostess to one so ill-tempered." "Her hostess skills had best be unmatched, for if there is no cool water for a bath and lovely ladies to rub salve on my burned skin, I am turning straight for home." Erchirion laughed. "I only came to tell you the village is in sight, anyhow." Éomer pulled his gaze higher, and squinted at the horizon. He could see several tents as well, close enough that they had no doubt been in sight for an hour or more. Erichirion rode on ahead to speak to his father, and Éomer was left to brood alone. If the village was any further, it would take more than a cool bath to satisfy me, he thought. . . There were crudely constructed pens that ushered the way into the makeshift village. Éomer was not familiar with Haradrim husbandry, but the flocks of sheep and goats seemed as thin as the ones back in the Mark. A few scrawny children were tending the animals, and gazed upon the company of northern men with great wonder. A noble and impressive first impression he was. The sun was finally descending, only an hour or so from disappearing completely. The light was now a vibrant orange, giving everything a golden glow. It did not help with the heat. He rubbed the back of his neck with the handkerchief for the hundredth time, and it did not give any relief, for the hundredth time. The horses in front of him had stopped, but nudging Firefoot, he easily continued his way through to the front line, stopping next to Amrothos. He looked across at his companions, and saw that none were speaking, only staring straight ahead in solemnity, surprise, and anger. He turned to see what is was holding their attention so religiously. Directly in the center of the circle of tents, there stood a single wooden pole, three hand-spans wide and probably three meters tall. To the pole, a naked woman was secured, her arms wrapped around her back and tied together with cruel rope. Her long, dark hair hung in front of her face and obstructed most of the view of her body, but even so, there was no question of her nudity. She was filthy and bruised, and very thin. She might have been burnt by the sun as well, or incredibly tan. Éomer could not tell, but continued to look on in the dreadful silence. He then noticed that the company was now tense and taut as a bowstring. "Lothíriel…?" Imrahil's voice was a low inhale. The woman lifted her head, hair falling away from her face, and Éomer saw the features of his friends from Dol Amroth on it. Straight nose, large grey eyes, and a pronounced jawline. The woman only stared at Imrahil, eyes narrowing in recognition. The prince jumped from his horse and ran to her side, quickly pulling a knife from his side to hack at her bindings. Amrothos was shaking beside Éomer, in greater fury than he had seen at the Black Gate. Erchirion had dismounted as well, and stepped forward a bit before stopping, his hands clenched in tight fists. Éomer felt righteous anger burning in him as well. For a high-bred lady to be treated thus was a crime in itself, made worse by her relation to his greatest friends. The ropes fell to the ground, and Imrahil stood and held his hands to his daughter to help her stand. She did not take them, raising herself on visibly shaking legs, flipping her hair behind her. Her back was straight, chin high, eyes flashing. Armed with no weapons, nor indeed a stitch of clothing, Éomer quaked in his saddle at the sight of this dangerous woman. "Five months!" she screeched, balling her hands at her sides. "Five months I have waited!" Imrahil stepped back at the sudden onslaught, looking staggered. "Five months! Did it truly not cross your brilliant mind, Father, that your Gondorian daughter may not be safe among the Haradrim after huge numbers of the Haradrim do not come back from a war with Gondor !" Amrothos was on the ground now as well, and made a move to approach the scene, but the continued screaming kept him from advancing. "And even then! Why was I left here during the war? Should my stay have been pleasant during that time? Did you truly think that Barul would not be summoned to fight for the Haradrim once open war was declared? That I would be safe among your enemies?" Imrahil stepped forward, against the wailing that carried across the village, and no doubt penetrating every tent. The shepherds could probably hear as well. "Daugher, please…" "Please nothing!" the woman cried. "I have been tethered to this ruddy pole for eight days. And before then, I had rotten meat thrown at me if I stuck my head out of my home! What, in the name of the Valar, made you think that I was welcome here?" She stood tall, nearly as tall as Imrahil, her nostrils flaring. Éomer was surprised there no spits of flame coming from her mouth. Her brothers and father had spoken of her so affectionately. Blinded by familial love, he thought. For there is little pleasant about this creature. Still, he admired her fury. She was so very elegant, nakedness and all. Her wrath abated now that she had spoken her immediate complaints, Erchirion had crept behind her and threw a cloak over her shoulders. She made no move to cover herself. Éomer's eyes were dragged down by the sight of her breasts. Full, and made perkier by her posture. He fought to keep a smile from forming. Delectable though her body may be, as his friends' sister she was forbidden territory. "Could we continue this inside?" he heard Imrahil ask gently. He had stepped close to his daughter to pull the cloak across her body. "Inside!" Lothíriel's voice rose again to a piercing shriek. Éomer's ears rang. "I have been banished from my home! By Barul's first wife – if you remember that he has such. She burned my clothing and executed my horse!" Executed a horse! Éomer now matched Lothíriel's brothers for madness. The woman seemed to calm herself, taking a moment to rake her eyes over the company of guards, packhorses, and royalty that stood stock still at the entrance to the village. Her eyes did not linger on Éomer, strangely to his regret. "I am returning to the land of my home," she said in a more level voice. "We will leave tonight." She strode from the scene, a serene figure in the dusk, and after she disappeared out of sight he heard her screeching again, this time directed at another person, and in a language unknown to him. Imrahil and his sons now whispered to each other, heads close together. Lothíriel appeared a moment later, dragging a massive cart behind her with her bare hands. Éomer decided that her anger was giving her greater strength, for no woman was strong enough to pull such a heavy object. "We are taking this. Get a horse," she ordered, to no one in particular. Aragorn nodded at a couple of his guards, and they immediately got to work. "Two more," Lothíriel said, looking expectant. Once these men were produced as well, she showed them to a tent. "Take every third barrel," she told them. "Load them in the cart. Quickly now!" Éomer exchanged glances with Aragorn. He cared for Imrahil deeply, but their task in this journey seemed now to be to contain a hurricane. This woman was so bloody bossy! But she was not done with her raging yet. She stalked towards the largest tent, throwing the flaps open with no ceremony and seeming to steel herself and breathe deeply before entering and continuing her shrieks. Her voice would be hoarse in the morning, of this Éomer was sure, as would the voice of the woman that was answering Lothíriel's shouts with her own. Soon she exited, clutching a wooden box in her hands. She stopped for a moment to tell the guards loading the cart to fetch the two oak trunks from the large tent, and then walked straight up to Imrahil. "I am ready," she said. "Please, no more delay. They can stay to finish loading," she added, gesturing towards the guards. "Very well," Imrahil said. "If you will consent to dress quickly, and promise to explain further as we ride." "I swear it," Lothíriel promised with venom. That would not be a pleasant telling, Éomer decided. Best to keep out of the way of his friends from Dol Amroth. At least they would be returning to less blistering weather