Hiya prospective readers! As the summary says, this is a sequel to my previous work, Reel Around the Sun. While I do recommend reading it for a sense of characterization and such, it's not completely necessary. I think (and I could by wrong), that this story can stand alone or as a continuation of any interpretation of Eomer and Lothiriel's courtship. For your "FYI", the children are Aoife (7 years old), Ebba (5 years old), and Elfwine (6 months at the start of the story). No, Elfwine is not the eldest. Yes, he is the heir, and yes, it is because he is male. I figured that since that is how inheritance worked in medieval times it would be appropriate to assume similar customs for Rohirric culture. I'm fairly certain I haven't read anything to suggest otherwise from Tolkien's works. Lastly, I just want to mention my totally stupendous beta, PI-Valkyrie-exLorien, for her amazing help and support. . . It all began with a letter. Mud-stained and crumpled, it was presented at the king's high table by a mangy looking scout, who bowed shortly to his king and then swept out back into the inclement weather, the pounding rain swallowing his form. A gust of cold wind whipped through the hall, settling on the royal family with a dark sense of foreboding for the parents, and met with indifference by the warring children. "Mother, Ebba spilled beans on me! This is the last clean dress I have!" A thin wail began to rise from beside her, and Lothíriel turned quickly. "Of course she spilt her beans on you, Aoife, I would do the same if I had a bossy older sister that found it fitting to narrate my every move. Keep your comments to yourself, and I am positive she will cease upending her dinner onto your lap. And Ebba," their mother added, effectively wiping the smirk from the younger girl's face. "Food belongs on your plate, not on your sister." The two girls glared at each other before resuming eating. "What is it, dearest?" Lothíriel asked in a hushed voice, turning towards her husband. The noise of the rest of the diners in the hall had grown once more upon the departure of the mysterious visitor, and once the curious eyes had been drawn from him, Éomer had opened the letter to scan its contents. His mouth had hardened in the way it always did when he was thinking, and she worried for it. He did not answer, nor even seemed to hear her. She waited patiently for another moment, then said, "Éomer." He jerked as if drawn from a trance, and turned to smile at her before folding the letter and tucking it into his tunic. "The news is not good. I shall tell you after the little ones are in bed." She could not help rolling her eyes slightly. Her curiosity was unbearable when kept in suspense, and if he spoke quietly enough, their daughters certainly would not notice as they were far too distracted with each other. And little Elfwine, seated on Éomer's other side, was too young to understand speech any way. As if to prove her point, he began squealing in his impatience, banging his small hand on the table. "Might you return your attention to your son then?" she said. Éomer was unimpressed by her stern tone, merely giving her a cheeky grin before spooning more mash into the boy's mouth as he had been doing before the letter arrived. Still, Lothíriel could not help but worry. It was in her nature to do so, though she disguised it diligently. She smiled at little Elfwine as best she could, who looked back at her with the love-filled eyes that sons always gave their mothers. She made sure Aoife and Ebba tried everything served to them without using any of it as weaponry, and saw that Éomer's plate was filled once emptied, for tonight he was overly distracted. She ordered the sweets served once the guests had finished with the meal. Being November, it was far too late in the year to entertain any party from far away, but the usual court, as well as shifts of servants, ate in the Hall. Refusing any sweets for herself and dividing a serving in two for her daughters, Lothíriel waited anxiously for Éomer to end the meal. She gazed across the Hall, unfocused, and tallied what threats there had been that might cause the king to be so disturbed. She did not notice that she was jiggling her leg, as she often did when she was not paying attention, until Éomer placed a large, warm hand on her thigh. "Relax," he said, his voice filled with concern. She smiled tightly at him, unable to soften her posture even with his melting brown eyes coercing her, so very gently, to let her anxieties go. It was so very unfair that he could do that! She squeezed his hand, but did not respond. Soon, though it felt like days later, Éomer stood and she was able to motion for the servants to begin clearing the tables. Many of the other guests followed suit, casually yawning or joking as was perfectly acceptable for a 'family' dinner. Lothíriel took the proffered wet cloth from a servant and wiped little Elfwine's face, who was immediately hauled up by his father. Aoife and Ebba waited patiently for their turns to be cleaned, but ran off giggling as soon as they were deemed fit. Lothíriel sighed, and held Éomer's hand to stand. "I am sure the sun has already set," he said to her as they walked together towards their chambers. "Impossible to tell in this weather though." "I will put Elfwine to bed directly. He did not sleep very soundly this afternoon, as his sisters seemed intent on raising hell through the corridors." "Lothíriel!" he cried, nearly shocked enough to cease their path. "It is most unlike you to curse!" She only nodded uncommitedly. "I am sorry. I have been exhausted by the day." His hand tightened on hers for the briefest moment, and she saw that his brows had drawn together. "But I am not so tired that we cannot counsel tonight," she added. The uncommon darkness from the rainstorm made their bedchamber pitch black, but the sound and smell of the rain through the open window comforted Lothíriel. The children had been put to bed, and Éomer was away on an unknown errand. Faced with more as yet undue worrying, she rang for her maid and prepared for bed, this night electing to brush her own hair and sending the maid away once she was undressed and robed. One , she thought, drawing the brush through her tousled curls. Two. Three. Four. Every night, one hundred brushstrokes. It comforted her, as routine always did. Forty-six. Forty-seven. Forty- The door opened, and so on edge was she that she spun around, brandishing the brush as one might a knife towards Éomer as he crossed the threshold and shut the door behind him. He only raised his eyebrows at the sight of her. "Will you challenge me armed only with a hairbrush?" he asked. She huffed and did not answer, returning to her attention to the gilded mirror where she sat. "I expect you might share with me your secrets, now that we are alone," she said, unwilling to be drawn into any bantering. "You are never one to forget, are you?" her husband had already divested himself of his vest, and sat to remove his boots. "No, I am not, as you are well aware. Stop attempting to distract me." She was granted a flitting smile before his last boot fell to the floor with a thunk and he leaned back in his chair, now solemn. "The Dunlendings have amassed in the Westfold. The letter was from Erkenbrand, informing me of his concerns about his eored's ability to contain any threat. Though no fighting has broken out," at this he gave Lothíriel a pointed look. "He wanted me to be aware, and send any extra riders that are available." She was quiet for moment, still counting and brushing diligently while she digested this information. "How many Dunlendings are there?" "Erkenbrand is unsure. He estimated between five hundred and a thousand." "A thousand!" "A high estimate," Éomer said. "It is unlikely." Silence followed, as each returned to their preparation for bed. Lothíriel finished her brushing and braided her hair back before washing her face and cleaning her teeth, but her husband, with less to do, was done before her and was waiting in the big oak bed. "You are last," he told her as she shrugged off her velvet dressing gown, draping it neatly on her chair. She stuck her tongue out in a show of bad humor, but took a final turn around the room to extinguish the candles before climbing into bed beside him, undoing the ties on the curtains and pulling them shut. "Did the children go to bed easily?" he asked. "Well enough." She tucked herself in and yawned. Éomer had not relaxed, remaining outside the bedclothes, laying on his side and watching her. "Are you very worried?" Lothíriel thought for a moment. "Should I be?" He brushed a finger along her cheekbone before answering. "I do not know." "I will probably worry then." "I wish you would not." "Then perhaps I will not." He was getting annoyed, his brows drawing together and his cheek ticking. Even though she did not like antagonizing him, and her grouchiness was simply inexplicable, she could not help but smiling at how handsome he was. The few times that he was not looking at her sappily, or joyfully, or pleasantly, she was reminded of his past as a soldier. It was attractive to her to know how powerful he was, though he was so meticulous in his manners. Underneath him, she felt small and feminine, which had been a new feeling for her after their marriage. Being tall the entirety of her life and actually ungainly during her youth, the novelty of feeling like a woman thrilled her. She did not realize that she was staring at his lips until they rose at the corners. "You look positively hungry, my dear. Would you like a taste?" Lothíriel lifted herself onto an elbow and kissed him tenderly before pulling away and looking at him thoughtfully. "A taste only. If my rest is delayed further, I might find myself nodding over breakfast in the morning." "A taste it shall be then, for I would not deny my wife anything under the sun." . . A knocking began to stir her from her dreams, and Lothíriel flopped over in bed, trying to ignore it. She kicked Éomer once, but he did not respond. The woes of being a light sleeper, married to one that would not wake for anything! The knocking came again, louder, and now that she was beginning to awaken, it startled her into full consciousness. She lept up and tumbled over Éomer, climbing over him to find herself tangled in the velvet hangings, which fell from their securements in the ceiling to the floor with a FLUMP! The poor man that had knocked was poking his head in through the door, and was now mightily embarrassed to see his queen standing in a pile of fallen curtains, disheveled from her askew nightgown to her nest of hair. "Well? What is it?" she asked, purposefully abrasive to disguise her clumsiness. "It is an emergency, my lady. The king has been called to council. A message has arrived from the Hornburg." "Noted. You may leave." He left, shutting the door behind him in obvious haste. Lothíriel muttered to herself in irritation as she threw on her dressing gown and tidied her hair. Before leaving, she shook Éomer awake as best she could. She explained to him the situation in as few words as possible