Until I Die by Ilionej You only see what your eyes want to see..How can life be what you want it to be.. Madonna, Frozen (Ray of Light, 1998) Beware...this story might quite likely..ensnare your senses.. I do not own anything in connection with this story, except for my own wicked imagination and ability to connect provided facts, as well as, I can gladly say, 98% of all its text. All other credit goes to sources named within the story, Joanne Kathleen Rowling(Look! Your characters are allowed to swear here! :D) and those who dared managed to adapt her books for the Big Screen. Yes, you read right. This story is based on the novels, but certain inspiration comes from the movies. You would do good to inhale all of those..not only to understand my story better..also to prevent massive spoilers.. Warning: THIS STORY CONTAINS NUMEROUS ASPECTS OF LIFE AND DEATH ! NOT SUITABLE FOR ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 16 ! HAVING GROWN UP WITH HARRY'S FEARS AND SCARS LIKE ME DOES NOT MAKE ME RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR TEARS, ALLERGIC REACTIONS OR WORSE! DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT COMMIT SUICIDE BEFORE, THROUGHOUT OR AFTER THE READING AND ESPECIALLY DO NOT HARM ANYONE OR ANYTHING ELSE EITHER! IT'S NOT WORTH IT! (Unlike my first story, this one was not written in my native language German and then translated into English by myself, but the other way round. I, let me say, needed a little different challenge this time and to my own surprise had managed to write down the entire story within a single year, although correcting it took just as long. You'll hopefully remember having read that information when reaching the end..) Thank you, Joanne, for unveiling our mirror And thank you, Mama, for your patience, as well as Papa, for indirectly encouraging me to indeed get my stuff published in some way This story is dedicated to you three and everyone with a fairly good taste – and stomach to survive that taste.. Enjoy and please review . :) P.S.: If you come to believe this to be a [insert genre] story at certain points, you are wrong. At least partly. P.P.S.: No matter what you expect to find one line down, read on! – Prologue – Light Blue Towels Time was close to slip through her fingers. Her outlines, barely mirroring in the tiny hourglass of the small, round, golden object in her trembling hand. Two months and she could already see herself heading for Professor McGonagall's office, throwing that piece right at the old Lady's face. You know that you are asking quite a lot from yourself? Are you sure you can deal with this? Awful things have happened to wizards who meddled with time. And how she knew now. Yet she hadn't been seen by anyone or been anywhere in a faintly wrong moment – she sighed. It was exactly that. She was exhausted and tired of it all, even though all those subjects were still too interesting for giving up on them. She wanted it. She wanted to do this so badly. And all things McGonagall had loaded upon herself for making this possible – there was no choice. She had no choice. She just couldn't be so selfish and break her own word. But the stress – all the stress – she was only fourteen years of age! How could she have been so naïve to entrust herself with such madness? A shaking hand in front of her eyes, the golden thing whirling around like it was bound to a mad Snitch. Actually her whole body was trembling in the cold rain. With an annoyed grunt she slipped the Time-Turner back beneath her soaked clothes. If she had only brought an umbrella with her – or something as simple as a cloak – or at least cast the Impervius Spell – but no, she had just walked and walked and walked, not caring about the emerging rain or the wind slowly getting heavier. Only when the wind had stopped blowing, she had come to halt, just to get out that tiny piece of manifested trouble, ponder and hide it again. Shivering, she wrapped her arms around her body, maybe in hope to get warmer. But not even robbing her arms made her situation better. Worse, the more she did to warm herself, the colder she felt. Half worried, half angry with herself that she might actually get sick from something as unimportant as the weather, she let her look travel around. She must have left the path a long time ago. There was nothing but trees around her, though she was certain that it was not the forbidden part of the woods around the school grounds. There was still too much rain falling through the empty branches. Here and there some brown leaves hung down limply from those claw-like forms, desperately clinging to the edge of life. Somehow she felt sympathy for the branches. They suffered from the cold autumn weather as much as she did, and momentarily she was glad that she didn't need to share their fate every day. Examining her surrounding again, she noticed she could see her own breath in front of her. Not enough, the raindrops turned into snowflakes, sailing down peacefully. Almost leisure, she raised an eyebrow. Had winter really just arrived? After all, it was the day before Hallowe'en. Still she found it a bit early for snow. She liked snow, somehow, if it fitted her mood, but at the moment it was the coronation to her tired sadness. Fortunately, as if a gigantic bell rang somewhere in her mind, also that mind realised that the cold had nothing to do with the weather. At least not fully. Slightly panicking, her head flew around once more. How far – how far had she actually walked away from the path? Not many more seconds than it had taken her to build up that thought again, they needed to encircle her. Covered in torn black cloak like materials, slowly floating closer towards her, the five of them locked her immediately, into a prison-like shrinking cupola that had no space for wealth or joy and it felt as though it was not five Dementors, but all her teachers and even her parents capturing her with words of disgust pouring down on her. Trembling worse than before, she shrunk amidst them, her life being the least valuable thing on earth. She could hardly breathe, couldn't think properly, had forgotten where she had put her wand that was no use anyhow and she was close to vomit something she couldn't remember to have eaten. Her parents grinned maliciously, splitting, into a hundred monsters surrounding her, ready to push her down with a desire beyond her imagination of pleasure. Fully incapable of breathing due to that heavy knot in her throat that yet kept her insides from spilling out on their own and on the other hand unable to swallow it down, she feared to suffocate in a sea of mere anxiety. And it had been her own fault. She had failed at sticking to a simple rule: staying on the secure paths. Staying on the safe grounds. The creature in front of her sped up, directly flying towards her head, and her arms suddenly ceased all the trembling to only launch themselves over the soundless scream of terror on her face so as to not let the hooded get into it. Everything went dark. A black mass, veil-like, fell from the sky, the Dementor drifting into a distance behind her ability to see. Relieved that she didn't need to witness impersonated death seizing her soul, she accepted the end. But it didn't come. Confused, she stared over her arms, slowly getting to realise that it was not a Dementor that stood in front of her. The beast had backed away some feet, just as if it was shocked by the sudden interruption. She tried to figure out what it actually was that had made the Dementor falter: a large figure covered in a clean, black, hooded cloak materialised from the fog that had dropped down like ink into water before she had decided any act of hers to be useless. With a long black wand in the right hand and the back turned to her, the figure forced Hermione to step against one of the thick, high trees. Eventually she understood that this meant there was no Dementor behind her either. However, two of them now sped at her and the hooded. She could hear her own scream in distance, with the knot gone at last, before she was swallowed by blinding light – the following darkness, she only saw when she felt her lids shut. Hours must have passed. Feeling totally squelched, she found herself sitting on the cold moss, leant against the very same tree. Slowly the view in front of her eyes cleared and she met quite familiar dark eyes staring into her own, worried but relieved at the same time. She had never seen these eyes so close. No – she had – once – but they had been really angry then. There was no anger now. No hate, no disgust, she figured, when her senses returned, and could hear rain hitting the fallen leaves. No rain fell on her and her still hooded saviour though. When she looked further up, she saw something like a mirror made of thin glass above their heads, covering them from the rain and reflecting her stare faintly. Startling, she then felt a hand on her left shoulder and one on the right side of her head, touching her hair only. "Are you all right?", his deep, quiet voice had never sounded that soft. "I – ", she gargled, "I'm okay, Professor." "Are you sure?", she was finally back at her senses; at least enough to wonder when he had managed to develop something like honest care. "Yes.", she aspirated. "I'm fine, Sir." "Wait." He had taken his hands off her to pull a small sack from the left front pocket of his black trousers, which he enlarged with his wand, opened the strings and pushed his left arm weirdly deep into it. Hermione heard something like the drawer of a cupboard being opened and closed again. With a frown of curiosity she saw his hand reappear, holding a small package. He pulled the strings, shrunk the purple embroidered black pouch and let it disappear in his pocket again. "That will make you feel better.", he held a piece of badly wrapped dark chocolate towards her. "Chocolate? Now that is a common medicine, is it? Not just a simple momentary cure discovered by Professor Lupin?" "I see, your brain is back. Eat and your body might be as well. It is the theobromine in it; that which plays a fair part in making some people addicted to chocolate. Yes, one can become seriously addicted to that stuff. Take Professor Dumbledore, for example. I still wonder how he could stay healthy in his high age while having been addicted to sweets for almost his entire life. I do not want to know the tricks he did to his teeth, however. Eat. It is getting dark already and I am not really sure whether I can ask much of you. Flying would be rather counterproductive in your current state and you have walked quite a distance." "Flying? You think I'd fall off the broom?", Hermione whispered, taking a bite. "That – that's – ", surprised, she looked down on the chocolate. "Spearmint filling!" "Of course I flew all the way on a broom. Didn't you see me making it disappear into thin air so it wouldn't hinder me saving that foolish girl's buttocks?", he raised an eyebrow with familiar sarcasm. "And the openly displayed roads of a mind as yours, are easy to wander for nearly everyone with little skill. So yes,