Disclaimer: All canon characters/place names are the creations of J.R.R Tolkien. A/N: This is where it all started. This, my friends is the first fan fiction story I have ever written. It was first posted on 17 June 2012. I decided to take it down and rewrite it. Since then it has been picked apart and meticulously put back together until it was nearly unrecognizable from its former self. The first post was rather quite crude. I could count more spelling and grammar mistakes than I had fingers and toes. I'm actually surprised nobody called me out on it in a review saying I needed a beta, because this story could have used one. Since then, I found it interesting to see just how much my writing has improved in such a short amount of time (~ 7 months). So, a word of encouragement to all you readers and aspiring authors, don't give up. Keep writing and keep reading. With time your skill will improve and refine into your own style. I myself am still learning and still improving, but I found I am a lot better from whence I first started. I hope you all enjoy reading this story. Summary: Legolas has his first archery lesson. Thranduil learns that the bow isn't just weapon used for war, but can also be an object for healing. The First Archery Lesson By K.J. Moon Caught in a chill midday breeze, golden leaves of burnt oranges and deep reds blew through the air, in a torrent of colors contrasting the clear blue sky. Mirkwood was on the eve of a change of seasons, the first day of autumn. A time of the year where night and day, and light and dark were equal, balanced . In honour of this momentous day the King of the Woodland realm of Northern Mirkwood Forest, held a grand feast. The Silvan elves of Mirkwood were considered less wise than their Noldor and Sindar kin, but wilder, more dangerous, fearsome warriors with a great love for the forest. The Silvan woodelves didn't measure time by arbitrarly determined months, but rather by the position and length of the sun in sky, phases of the moon, and orientation of the stars at night. This, the first day of autumn, was one of four times of the year the Silvan elves put together a large celebration, all were eager to gather and share in the merrymaking. Every year, before the grand feast an archery competition was held to display the fearsome skills of the renowned woodland warriors. Wagers were taking to see who would come out on top as the champion, a great honor. The King always enjoyed watching such events, celebrating amongst his people, building moral, a small reprieve from the ever-darkening shadow that lay towards to south. He rarely competed in such trivial events. He had been standing by the river when the idea came to him, and couldn't shake the thought from his mind, taking it as a sign. At first he found it rather annoying, this feeling continuously pushing towards the edges of his mind. Finally he gave it, deciding it would be the only way for him to be at peace. So it was announced, the Great Elven King, Thranduil, would compete in the main events for one last time. This year's archery competition was filled with hundreds of spectators, both warriors and citizens alike, all eager to witness the rare, casual and recreational display of their King's legendary archery skills. Only warriors who fought along side him battle knew fully of their King's prowess, this was a rare treat for everyone else. Of all the elves watching the event, no one was more excited and more eager to watch the King than his own son, the young Prince of Mirkwood. Bright blue-grey eyes, wide, sparkling in excitement and awe watched his father's every move. The elfling blinked, and nearly missed seeing his father swiftly nock an arrow onto his bow. Before the elfling could gasp, the arrow was released, sent flying through the air, as it embedded itself with deadly accuracy into the centre of the farthest target. This year, the crowd cheered as their King took his rightful place as champion. He stood before his people, wearing a crown made of red autumn flowers, and golden leaves. He looked untouchable as his golden hair and soft grey eyes danced off the autumn sun, waving towards his people. He took no claim to the prize awarded to the champion, instead bestowing it onto the runner up of the competition. Of all the elves surrounding their King in congratulations, none was more impressed than the young prince, who was lifted into his father's arms, hugging him tightly. The young prince, the smallest of the realm, whose resolve was set, fierce determination evident in his young eyes, thought to himself, I want to be just like Ada . It had been a couple days after the grand Autumn Festival and activity around the palace had settled down to once again levels of near normalcy. Sun filtered in through the large bay window of the King's office. The window offered one of the finest views of the gardens blow. On warm summer days, Thranduil would open the window, only to hear the musical sound of his son's laughter as the child ran amongst the flowers with his mother. Thranduil' smiled at the memory, they were such happy times. It had been two years since the Queen's passing. The King's heart continuously ached for her. But he mustn't give up, no matter how much it hurt, as a King and a Father he had a responsibility to both his subjects and his son. Thranduil was not weak willed he would endure. There were times though, when her presence was dearly missed, Thranduil struggled to find a balance between his duties as a King, and as a single parent to a young child. He felt guilty, Thranduil could not always give his son the attention he both required and reserved. His wife had been the one to nurture and play with the child. Only in the evenings when all the council meetings were concluded, or he had arrived back from hunting could he spend time with his family. His child would sit upon his lap, his wife at his side, listening as his son detailed every event of the day. They were such happy times, filled with such love and endless joy. Thranduil's heart ached. He quickly gathered his senses and pushed back those thoughts. It would not bode well to dwell on things that were no more. He had to focus on the present and the future, not the past. The King rolled up his sleeves and went back to work. He was just going over his commander's tactical report; they were planning an offensive move on a particularly large spider nest that had been discovered far off into the South. Thranduil engrossed himself into his work. He was halfway through the fourth page of the seemingly endless report, when Thranduil felt a light tug on his robe. He looked down to see his son quietly standing at his side, looking up at him. Oh Elbereth, that child is quiet , Thranduil thought. He hadn't heard the elfling enter the office. He wondered how long the Legolas had been standing there. Thranduil set the report aside and turned towards the elfling, reaching forward to gently brush some flyaway hairs away from his son's face. Thranduil smiled warmly. "What can I do for you, my child?" he asked. Legolas brought forth a book, holding out for his father. "Ada, can you please read to me?" the elfling quietly asked. The child spoke so softly Thranduil strained to hear him. Since his mother's passing, Legolas had gone from an excited, energetic child to a quiet soft-spoken one, whom now rarely laughed or smiled. "I am sorry my little leaf," Thranduil said remorsefully, gently cupping the child's face between his hands. "Please allow me couple more hours, then I can set down my quill and read to you." The child opened his mouth to protest but closed it, thinking better of it. "Yes, Ada," he whispered, as he walked from the room looking dejected. The hurt expression in his son's eyes tore through Thranduil like blunt knife. Thranduil often forgot that his wife would spend the long hours when he was at work, with the child. He loved his son dearly, but often overlooked the amount of attention a young one truly needed. Thranduil tried not to think of his son, he needed to concentrate on this report. They had to act soon if they wanted this spider nest to be destroyed; a meeting had been called to discuss the plans for it on the next day. As time wore on Thranduil found it was getting harder and harder to concentrate on the report. His thoughts kept drifting back to Legolas and that look of deep hurt in the elfling's eyes. Surely he could have taken a couple minutes from his day to read to the child. A surge of regret filled the King's guilty heart. His work could have been set aside for later and completed while the child was asleep. I am a horrible father , Thranduil thought, as he got up from his chair. He hoped Legolas wasn't angry with him. Thranduil arrived at his son's room and gently pushed open the door. "Legolas, I'm coming in," he said, in an effort not to startle the elfling. Thranduil stepped into Legolas' room and frowned. The room was empty. It looked as if Legolas hadn't been here in quite some time; all the toys and books were neatly tucked away into their homes. Where could he be? Thranduil thought. Thranduil's panic increased with every room he searched. Everywhere he looked, Legolas was not to be found. Everyone he ran into had not seen the elfling for the past few hours. Sure Legolas was quiet, but the child wasn't invisible. Surely someone must have seen him. The palace was put into a state of disarray as it was searched clean over. Thranduil's heart was beating so rapidly he thought it would jump out of his chest. Was he so cruel in denying his son a little attention that the elfling thought he was unwanted and ran away? Thranduil was sick with worry as he made his way to the armory to gather his sword. If Legolas did run into the forest, he had to act fast. He would not let his child be taken from him like his wife had been. Thranduil's hand grasped the bronze handle of the armory's large oak door, when a sound from within halted him in his tracks. He heard the ever-familiar thwap of a bowstring followed by an unfamiliar yelp of pain, then a clattering of an object falling to the stone ground. Slowly, Thranduil opened the door, a sense of relief flooded through him as he peered into the large room. His precious son was kneeling on the cold stone floor, an all too large bow and an arrow lay at his side. Legolas' soft golden hair shielded his face from Thranduil's view as the elfling sat there, tightly grasping his left wrist. "Legolas, my child, what are you doing?" Thranduil gently asked, still recovering from the horrible thought of losing Legolas. The elfling's small frame trembled as he tried to suppress a sob. "Legolas?" Thranduil asked as he knelt down in front of his son, and gently placed his hand under the elfling's chin, lifting his head. A stream of silver tears made their way down the elfling's porcelain cheeks. "Let me see," Thranduil said, as he gently pried Legolas' hand away from his wrist. Tenderly the King rolled up the tiny sleeve, revealing large angry welts across the tender insides of Legolas' forearm, the clear mark of an untrained bowman. "Ada,