DISCLAIMER: I, Bree59, do not own Twilight or the characters. Chapter 1 (EPOV) "Faster Edward…push yourself." I muttered to myself. The faster I went the closer I was to freedom. The jagged cliff lay ahead of me…I was almost there. When I finally reached the edge I didn't stop. I flew. (BPOV) I quickly snatched an apple from the stand and tucked it in my bag looking down at the dusty ground. After making sure I wasn't caught I quickly walked to the edge of the forest before slipping through the trees. I mean honestly why you would put the main market right along the edge of the forest was beyond me. But I was thankful they did because they were my food source and luckily I had never gotten caught. "Guards arrest her!" I heard someone shout from behind me. Well looks like my unbeaten record was about to be broken. I quickly turned around and saw that they weren't that far behind. "Faster Bella…push yourself" I muttered to myself. I knew what lie ahead of me…my inevitable death. Funny how things could change so quickly. One moment I was stealing an apple from the market like I always do. And now I'm running for my life. I couldn't let them catch me…I knew what they did to my kind. "Don't ever let them catch you Isabella…I love you. Always remember that Daddy loves you." Those were the last words I heard my father utter before the kings most valiant knights took my loving father away from me. I could see the jagged cliff laying ahead of me. I looked around my surroundings…the last time I would see my beloved forest before I had to face the unknown. Goodbye world…hopefully the place I'm going will be better than the one I'm leaving. I looked back then looked forward…took a deep breath and….jumped. (EPOV) I closed my eyes savoring the familiar sensation of freedom through my gift. There weren't many like me…almost all of my kind were gone. My mother and father had died in the war between Lucifer and Logos. My dear Lord Logos…how I wished he was alive…no I knew he was alive. It was in the book that my father gave to me on my tenth birthday. "For the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a cry of command, with the voice of an archangel, and with the sound of the trumpet of God. And the dead in Christ will rise first. Then we who are alive, who are left, will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so we will always be with the Lord." I kept that passage close to my heart…always taking comfort in it. It gave me hope and faith that I wouldn't be alone forever. He would come back for me and the rest who still believed in our majestic King Legos. As I flew around the vast landscape I felt a strange urge to go left. Usually I would turn right to circle around to go back to my home but I've had this feeling before and it always led to good things happening in my life. After I had turned left I noticed that there were vines growing out of the jagged rocks. Strange. I stopped mid-flight and hovered waiting for something…anything to happen. After 3 minutes of waiting for something to happen I shook my head and turned around ready to go home. Wait…I heard someone. They were running but then the pounding of footsteps stopped and I was surrounded by an eerie silence. I heard the snapping of twigs and branches and then a whimper. That seemed to snap me out of my frozen shock and I quickly flew over to the person. I stood under the opening of braches with my arms outstretched ready to catch this mysterious person. The person easily slid into my arms and judging by the weight I guessed it was a she. I cradled the woman close into my arms and quickly rushed away from the area when I heard the pounding feet of others behind her. "Come friend, she dead, finally out of our hair." I heard a male voice say. "Hmm just like her father ay?" Another one said before laughing with the other man and walking away. I looked down at the woman who had scratches down her arms and face. But I looked beyond that and could tell that she was a beautiful young woman. She was pale her bones prominent…surely from lack of food. She was as light as a feather to me…well that was because of my gift. Her hair hung freely in gentle waves…with strange orange highlights that clashed with her earth colored hair. Well who was I to talk…with my copper colored hair and permanent wind-blown look. When I reached my home I landed softly on my feet so as to not disturb her fitful sleep. She had been squirming more and more the closer I got home. I quickly walked in and headed toward the back of my small abode where my bed and nightstand lie. Gently laying her down and getting a cold rag to calm her overheated body, I sat back in the wooden chair I brought from the kitchen and wondered what to do now. Surprisingly I didn't have to wait long. The strange beauty's eyes fluttered open and I gasped at the same time she did. Her eyes…they were like…mine. No it couldn't be…there were no more of our kind. But here she was right in front of me. As I studied her eyes more I noticed something terrifying. One half of her eyeball were a fiery orange and the other half a deep sparkling brown. She was everything I wasn't…my exact opposite. That only meant one thing. I had found my mate. (BPOV) The last thing I remembered was falling before everything went black. Then I felt like I was flying. What was that smell…it was so comforting. Musk, woods, and strangely air. The scent was so comforting that it felt like arms were wrapped around me. I cracked open an eye and was met with the gloomy sky. I turned my head some and felt my heart quicken at the sight of a man's face. He was beautiful. Pouty lips with a pink dusting, defined cheekbones, long black eyelashes, and a slightly crooked nose. I couldn't see his eyes because he was focused on what was ahead. I could tell he was muscular yet lean through his thin long sleeved leather shirt. I wanted to say something to gain his attention but I couldn't move my mouth. I nuzzled my guardian angel's chest before succumbing to sleep once again. I was awoken by the feeling of an intense stare and opened my eyes slowly not knowing what I was going to be faced with. My angel was sitting in a chair at the end of my bed watching me like a hawk. I gasped at the same time as he did. His…his eyes they were strange…just like mine. His eyes were simply beautiful. One half of his eyeball an electric blue while the other half was pure silver. I had never seen anything like it before. Suddenly he stood and walked slowly to my side and sat down on the edge of the bed. He leaned in and with feather like touches traced my eyes and eyelashes. I felt a tingling sensation start at my face and spread throughout my body. My body had never felt so good. I felt like I could jump across the world. My angel stood quickly again his breaths coming in small puffs. It was like he was hyperventilating. I tried to push myself up to try to help him but he suddenly stepped back and whimpered. It was like he was afraid of me. He then opened a door I hadn't noticed and ran out of it. I heard another door slam before there was silence. I quickly got out of the bed and ran after him. I took notice of my surroundings on my way toward the wooden main door. The first thing I saw was a kitchen. Not many things were in there except a few visible pans and a small cooler. Once you walked through the kitchen you were immediately in the sitting room. There was a nice rug and coffee table in the middle of the room. With a huge china cabinet on the right side of the room. There was one long couch with a small love-seat by the coffee table. Finally I reached the main door and wrenched it open. I shivered despite having a long sleeved shirt on but walked out none the less. "Hello?" I called softly. "Is anyone there?" I called out a little louder. I looked around and saw that there weren't any other buildings where he could be hiding. There was a small barn that resided a fair amount from the house. I walked a little further from the house toward the barn and gasped at what I saw. His house was built on top of a cliff. Thank god I realized it…or there might have been a repeat of what happened earlier today. Quickly I made my way to the barn and opened the old wooden doors. After looking around I came to the decision that the man who'd saved me was no longer here. I looked up at the gloomy sky and sighed. The sun never made many appearances in the small village of Zymr. I didn't even know if I was still in Zymr…for all I know I could be half way across the world. When I realized my situation I felt myself start to panic. I had nearly died today and now I was stranded on some foreign cliff with a man I didn't know. At least I was alone for now…and I was happy I was because I could feel the familiar sting behind my eyes. I let out a soft sob and slowly sunk to the floor. Why did this have to happen to me? Why did my mother have to die giving birth to me? Why did my father have to die when I was only 7 years old? Why couldn't I just live a normal life? A life without running away from the law. A life without having to look over your shoulder living your life in constant fear. Why? Why? Why? I let out another sob before curling myself into a ball and resting my cheek against the dirt that covered the cliff. Whenever I was sad or feeling lonely I would go to my forest or find some patch of dirt and just lay there. Dirt…or should I say Earth always comforted me. I've never known why it just…does. I felt myself start to drift off to sleep when I heard someone landing on the ground toward the cliff's edge. I could feel the Earth rumble beneath me almost warning me of a new comer. Each step brought him closer to me and I held my breath waiting for him to reach me. Right when he was a step away I quickly jumped up and kicked him in the jaw. I had to know how to fight in a world filled with guards looking to kill you. Without looking back to see how much damage I had done to him I ran toward the cliff's edge. I honestly didn't know what I was doing or where I was going considering I was on top of a cliff but I just wanted to run. Maybe death would do me good and put me out of my misery. But before I could make it even close to the edge I heard a strange whistling of air and turned around to locate the sound. Of course me being me I didn't stop