Hello fanfictioners! While I did only have one chapter of my other story, I REALLY wanted to write this one. So here it is. Yes, it's people falling into ME but give it a chance! It's most serious, I promise you! Thanks to daisymall13 for being my beta despite the fact I put this up before you said anything because I'm too impatient like that. My apologies. Thanks to Gwenneth Tinuiel for reading a bit of it (and not tearing my head off over our little discussion :D)! Chapter One There always exists those days when something feels…off. Sergeant Valerie Hansen had a sour look on her face, one that Specialist Matthew Novak was used to seeing, but not before he did something stupid. " Something wrong, Sarge?" He asked, hopping in the driver's seat, glancing over. She did not stop looking out the window. "Bad day." Novak nodded. "Yeah, I heard. Told you the Packers were nothing without Brett Favre." He could hear Valerie's eyes rolling in her skull. That would do for now. The morning is different, almost wrong, and the inevitability cannot be shaken. It had been a simple mission: get from point A to point B with, hopefully, little contact, while keeping the one tons intact. It hardly seemed qualified for the military police but she had gotten used to things like this. Someone always had to fill in. They were at war, or so she heard. Frankly it was a little quiet in her opinion, though that was the way everyone preferred it. They had gotten the front of the column, the best position in Novak's opinion. 'No one ever takes out the first vehicle.' he liked to say, 'The enemy likes to lure us all in first.' He was full of what he liked to call 'war knowledge,' handed down from generations of fighting men. It was this and his ever present cocky smile that made her question ever going to NCO school. There is a sickness inside and food tastes like nothing, is not worth it. Since the mission was fairly easy, assessed as risk free as one could get, the First Sergeant decided to be bold. Valerie did not care too much about having the man tag along with them, though it managed to scare the daylights out of Private First Class David Winchester, a relative newcomer to the unit. It might have entertained her if the day had not felt so wrong. The only problem came when the First Sergeant tried to point out all of the code violations of the vehicle and tried to explain new battle tactics. Maybe he was right, maybe he was not. Valerie hardly cared. All one wishes to do is pass the day by and hope it is gone the next, but that is never the case. Something always happens to take one away from the monotonous schedules, the relative safety, to what the feeling is warning about. Maybe she should have suspected something when someone strange in the crowd caught her eye, or should have taken more caution when they neared a pile of trash. The only problem was that everyone was strange to them and there was trash everywhere. How could they possibly tell which one would spell their doom? The First Sergeant had been talking about football with Novak, the two making fun of Winchester at the same time for abhorring the sport. Valerie continued her stare at the crowded alleyways, wishing to get everything over with. It was when her presence was finally noticed, when the First Sergeant asked her if she was as un-American as Winchester, that it happened. She could have sworn there was a click before the light engulfed her, the searing heat so unbearable it practically numbed her body. One second she was on a hot, dusty street, the next she was flying, falling, nonexistent. Her life did not pass before her eyes, there were no voices calling out from her childhood. There was complete amazement and then everything went blank. Today was one of those days. There was a fire on the outskirts of her memory, screams echoing in the blackness. For a moment she came back to herself, watching various newspaper clippings pass before her eyes. Stories of IEDs, sudden attacks on U.S. convoys, ambushes, slaughters, death. She could picture her father sobbing over the news he had received about her, cursing the media world for only presenting her death on the fifth page of the newspaper behind some baseball player on steroids and a politician no one cared for until they slept with the wrong woman. It disappeared in a bright flash. Suddenly the falling ceased, abrupt and painfully. Her body lied on some cool surface, soft, wet; her hand moved across it, feeling the blades of grass tickle its palm, the dew rubbing off onto her skin. She was home again, lying in the green sea that her father liked to call the backyard, a thing seen in commercials but never in reality. It contrasted the white fence in the background. The paint had begun to peel. Every weekend he promised to fix it; every weekend another chip came off. Her eyes opened in a flash, slowly focusing on a duller but still very green foreground. Valerie brought her hand forward, its paleness reflecting too brightly for her. Squinting, she made out its trembling features, all present, unscathed. She tried to move her other arm, finding herself on her back shortly thereafter. She coughed and blinked, new, brighter light coming from between the branches of the trees. Trees? Grass? Caught in a moment of uncontrollable fear, Valerie bolted upright, causing the unfamiliar world to blur and spin, her arm catching the ground before the rest of her body returned to it. Her head was heavy, aching, longing for the helmet to be removed, but she refused. It had saved her life, somehow. There was no need to return that gift by taking it off now. The vest felt heavier than it ever had. Her hip was sore, the canteen at its side crushed. At least the mystery of her landing was solved, however reassuring that fact was. Dizziness unwilling to subside, Valerie promptly turned over and got sick, crawling away from the scene on all fours towards a small creek, collapsing on its bank, struggling to maintain her fleeting consciousness. Splashing the cool water in her face, both refreshing and awakening, Valerie gazed up again to look at her surroundings. It was a forest, trees going as far as her diminished sight could gather. It was dead silent as well, save for the running water before her. There were no birds, dogs, people, no sounds of anything that would indicate that the city she was once in was still nearby. In some vain attempt to bring the world back into focus, Valerie splashed more water in her face, only managing to make her face wetter as a result. The forest remained, as did the silence, until something caught her attention. It was low, muffled, a shuffling sound followed by the breaking of the stick. Afraid to see what else fate had in store for her, Valerie took her time in turning to the noise. When she did finally confront it, she was not sure what to think. Not forty feet away, playing with what appeared to be her rifle, was what she could only describe as the most grotesque being she had ever come across. Its skin was pale, grimy, as were its clothes, its movements ever chaotic and twitching. Its ear appeared to be pointed; its eyes maybe larger than what they should have been. What happened next, Valerie could not control. It was a reaction spurred by the rising fear within, the strangeness of the entire situation only aiding its existence. She gasped suddenly, deeply, as though she could not catch her breath, backing up against a tree. Pulling her pistol out of its holster as fast as she could, Valerie pointed it at the creature, switching the safety off with a click. It looked at her, tossing her rifle away as if nothing, tilting its head out of curiosity. She could have sworn it smiled at her as it began to step forward, its stride uneven and shaky. As light breaking through the trees hit it, she saw more disturbing details, including the sword its left hand possessed. "Jesus," Valerie whispered under her breath, the beginning of a prayer she would never finish. Her grip on the pistol was looser, shakier. Her finger wavered near the trigger, pausing as her mind grasped for the memories of the rules of engagement. It was closer now, smile black and haunting. "What have we here?" It asked, voice filled with a hiss and other unnatural things. "A lone soldier? Looks like yer friends left yeh to me." The desire in his voice sent a chill up her spine. "Stay…stay away from me you…" God, what could she call it? Her mind wished to avoid monster because those things did not exist. They were nothing more than creations for children's fairytales and box office earnings. She refused to accept that she was in anything other than reality, even if fantasy was staring her down. Somewhere in the forest, a bow was strung, but a hand stayed its action, wishing to see what the new, strange being would do. Its laughter sounded more like an old man's cough. "A youngling too. All the tastier." Backing further into the tree, Valerie watched as the creature lifted the sword in preparation to end her life, heard his continued laughter as she raised her pistol higher. The sound of gunshots used to scare her. She had woken up to the sound of them outside her house one night, red and blue lights dancing about her room. Through the window, she saw a man lying on the ground. Her father said he was fine but she knew, even back then she knew. Her brother played a movie too loud one night. She ran into her father's room crying, thinking of the man on the street again. Then one day, the fear vanished, as unexplainable as its appearance. It fell backwards, surprise still etched upon its face, a black liquid pouring from its neck. Her hand shot upward from the kick of the pistol, blood getting on it as well as on her face. She blinked but other than that hardly reacted as the creature hit the ground. Somehow through its gurgling breaths and dying struggles, it managed to laugh. A grimace crossed her face. More disturbing than its appearance or foul intentions was its ability to laugh at death, even its own. Eventually it quieted down too, leaving Valerie alone with the sounds of the creek once more. After a long while of senseless staring at the body, Valerie suddenly remembered what it had been handling earlier. Standing slowly, as though afraid the creature would jump again, she flicked the safety on the pistol again and made her way to where she thought it had tossed her rifle, limping slight from the pain in her hip. The silence of the forest was deafening. She longed for just one bird to call out, though at this point it might just give her heart that extra jump it needed to stop. She found her rifle stuck in a bush, seemingly intact, much to her relief. If instinct told her anything, it was that that creature was not alone. There were more out there, she could only hope that she was just as lucky with her comrades. As though reading her mind, a voice called out in the distance. The sound was muffled but it seemed to sound like something along the lines of 'soldier.' Suspicious of the place already, Valerie would have most likely gone the other way if it were not for the fact that the voice sounded awfully familiar.