A/N: So, thank you for reading. I'm not really sure what to say here. This is basically going to be Twilight, but not Twilight. It will probably follow that same main events of Twilight, but as you read, you'll discover that there's a lot of changes made. I'm going to be adding a handful of new characters. Hopefully, they'll be engaging and fun to work with, but you never know. I'm going to keep the rating at T for now, but that may change later. My goal is to keep the swearing to a minimum, but depending on the situation, the swearing might go up. I don't think this will be an explicit story, but you never know what could happen, so for now, don't count on it being explicit. Without further ado, here's the story. Chapter 1 – First Sight (Bella) My mother is saddened by the thought of letting us go, but she doesn't say anything. As we drive towards the airport, silence was out companion. She knows that it is best for all of us. She would finally be able to focus on something she wants. My sister, Federica, sits behind me, looking displeased. She isn't happy about the move. I understand her displeasure, so I can't really say anything to her about it. Moving meant giving up this gorgeous warm weather for a cold and wet climate. I also have to give up friends, which is actually only one person, and we were honestly never that close to begin with. Federica on the other hand, has lost most than me. She is having a good year in sports, but now she has to give it up. I highly doubt that Forks High School would get anywhere with their sports, even with Federica. Plus, she has a lot of friends and is easily the most popular girl in our school. She is giving up her life basically. 'I'll be fine,' I hear my dear sweet twin say… no… I hear her think. That is the big secret between Rica and I. We can hear each other's thoughts. 'I'm more worried about your lack of friends.' I roll my eyes. 'You might end up the one alone at this new school and I'll be the popular one,' I tease her. 'Hopefully,' I hear her reply after a while. 'I don't want to make friends in Forks.' My sister, not want friends? There is no way. 'Why don't you want friends in Forks?' 'Same reason I stopped going to visit dad there. Everything about that town feels wrong to me.' Oh yes, I'd almost forgotten about that. When Rica and I were fourteen, she had an episode. It was shortly after we'd first met the Blacks and some of their tribe. Rica hadn't been the nicest around them, but nothing bad had happened, at first. Jacob Black had gotten sick of her attitude and grabbed onto her arm. The next thing we knew, blood curdling screams filled the air and we found Rica passed out on the ground. She wasn't the same after that. Rica didn't talk for a year and when she finally did start talking again, she didn't tell anyone what caused it. She pretended nothing happened and surrounded herself with friends. My thoughts hit a wall when I realize the car has come to a stop. We are at the airport. My sister is already out of the car and grabbing her things. Quickly, I jump out of the car to do the same. My mom laughs at me. It isn't a joyful laugh. It is a sad laugh. It's the type of laugh that breaks my heart, and the question to follow doesn't help. "Are you sure you guys want to do this?" "We want to go," Rica and I answer at the same time. My mom laughs in response and this time, it is genuine. "Tell Charlie I said hi." "We will," Rica assures her. "I'll see you soon," she promises. "You can come home whenever you want. I'll come right back as soon as you need me." She hates Forks, but I don't doubt that she'll come for us without a second thought. She gives us each a bone breaking hug and then sends us on our way. It's a four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle and another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles. To top it all off, an hour drive to Forks. The flying is the easy part. The drive is going to be the challenge. Don't get me wrong, Charlie is a really nice guy and is being extremely nice about the entire thing. He is probably just excited to have us live with him with some degree of permanence. He had already sorted out our transfers. But it is going to be awkward, that I am certain of. Sure he is my father, but we don't know each other that well. We'd vacation together every summer for two weeks but that is it. There is no overly loving bon between us. When we arrive in Port Angeles, it's raining. It is a perfect example of the dreary weather that I a expecting. I hava already said goodbye to sunshine and hello to rain. Charlie is waiting for us with the cruiser. It isn't much of a surprise. Hell, I would have gambled on it. Charlie, the Police Chief to all the people of Forks. That's the reason we are going to need a car. Rica and I hate being driven around like criminals. Charlie gives us both hugs as we stumbled off the plane. "It's so good to see you guys," he says, smiling as he helps us with our luggage. "You two have changed much. How's Renée?" "Mom's find and it's good to see you too Dad." We aren't allowed to call him Charlie to his face. "I found a good car for you two, and it was cheap too," Charlie says as soon as we are strapped in. I get the backseat while Rica gets to sit up front. 'I bet it runs great,' Rica says mentally and I barely contain a laugh. "What kind of car?" I ask suspiciously. "It's a truck, a Chevy," he answers hesitantly as he watches our reactions. "Where'd you get it?" Rica asks. "Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?" La Push is the tiny Indian Reservation near Forks. It's also where the episode happened. Jacob was Billy Black's son. "No," Rica answers. She is lying and we both know it, but Charlie doesn't need to know that. I can't believe he would ask that though. Doesn't he remember what had happened there? "We used to fish together during the summer," Charlie says. We continue to pretend not to know who he is. Charlie looks slightly disappointed that we don't remember, but he doesn't push it. "He's in a wheelchair now," Charlie says when we don't respond. "He can't drive anymore, and he offered to sell me his truck cheap." "What year is it?" I find myself asking. "Billy's done a lot of work on it, so it's practically only a couple of years old." 'Question dodging,' I tell Rica and she stifles a giggle. "When did he buy it?" Rica asks. I am afraid to know, but Rica is too curious. "I believe he bought it in 84'," Charlie answers. 'That's not that bad,' I manage to comment. 'Just wait,' she replies. "Did he buy it new?" Rica asks Charlie. "Well, no," he answers nervously. "I think it was new in the early sixties of late fifties at the earliest." "Dad, what will happen if something on it breaks? I don't know anything about vehicles and we can't afford a mechanic to fix it." My concerns sound reasonable. "Don't worry, Bella," Rica says. "If anything happens, I'll be able to fix it." She then turns her attention to Charlie and asks, "Exactly how much was it?" She is trying to dodge any questions I could have about her ability to fix vehicles. "Well, I kind of already bought it for you. Consider it a homecoming gift." Wow, that's a big gift. "You didn't need to do that," I tell him. We have enough to buy a car, so he didn't need to help. "I just want you two to be happy," Charlie says as he avoided our gazes. He isn't good at expressing emotions. "Thanks Dad," I say. The gift makes me slightly uncomfortable, but I will still accept it. "It's a wonderful gift, Dad," Rica tells him. Charlie shifts uncomfortably at our thanks. "Well, you're welcome." He is embarrassed. Rica goes on to chat with Charlie about various things and I just stare out the window. Even though I hate this place, I have to admit it is beautiful. Giant trees covered with moss. The branches create a cover that barely allows light through. It's like a world within a world. Eventually, we arrive at Charlie's house. It is a small two bedroom house that he'd bought in the early years of marriage with my mother. Those were the only days though. Sitting on the side of the street is our new- well, new to me- truck. It's an incredibly faded red color, with big, rounded features and a bulbous cab. To my surprise, I love it! If it ran, I could definitely see myself driving it. Plus, it is one of those solid iron affairs, so it never gets damaged. It's the type you see at an accident, pain unscratched, surrounded by broken pieces of the car it'd hit. "Dad," I say with a bit of hesitation, "I love it." My voice is almost a whisper, but he hears my message. "I'm glad you like it," he says. I embarrassed him again. It takes only one trip to get everything into my new room. I get the bedroom that faces over the front lawn. Rica is supposed to share the room with me, but she opts to take the basement. Charlie tries to stop her, but she insists, so he eventually gives in. Rica spends the better part of the night 'decorating' as she puts it. I carefully snuck a peak and what I saw was a big shock. Rica had taken all the boxes out of the corners and had made a wall out of them. There's only a small opening to get into the room, but that's at the bottom of the stairs. 'Rica, what are you doing?' I ask her. There is a long pause, like she wasn't expecting me to talk to her. 'I'm just making a place for myself.' 'Why do you need wall?' I close the door and start walking away. It was best I don't poke around anymore. 'They're for privacy, duh. I don't want people looking in on my activities.' 'I really don't think Charlie will ever come near the basement.' 'You're probably right, but I'm just being sure.' 'Weirdo,' I tease before entering the kitchen. 'So, you excited for school tomorrow?' 'Hell no! It'll be something to do, but that doesn't make it any less boring.' 'I'm sure it's boring for Miss I Skipped A Grade.' 'You're just jealous that I'll get out of here before you.' 'Guilty as charged,' I reply as Charlie walks into the kitchen where I'd been standing idly. His entrance effectively snaps me out of the conversation and back into reality. 'Hold on.' "Hey," I say and Charlie looks at me curiously. "What's for supper?" "Oh, umm, I'll fry up some hamburgers. That ok?" He looks at me hopefully. "That's perfect." 'Tell Dad that I'll eat once I'm done cleaning,' Rica says. 'So don't wait up.' "Rica is going to finish cleaning and she'll eat later, so we shouldn't wait up for her." It wis awkward trying to relay the message. Charlie looks sad, but doesn't object. "Sure. You can run along and I'll call for you when they're