DREAM'S DEADLY ALLURE by Shadowfaxgal This is a sequel to Sacrificed Hope , but you don't have to read it to understand this. There is no slash, just brotherly and friendship love. It is A/U because, as many young Aragorn stories, there is no Gilraen. Constructive criticism, comments, and suggestions are extremely welcome. Flames are not. If you don't like angst stories, why in the world are you in the angst genre section? And if you are upset that you wasted your time on (in your opinion) a poor story, why waste even more time by flaming it? But if you want to tell me something that you think would help me improve my writing, that'd be great . The main reason I'm on this site is to become a better author. Feel free to point out any typos, but don't hold it against me, please. Everyone makes mistakes once in a while. Hope you enjoy. Peace and Love. Legolas stared intently into the flickering flames of the dying campfire. The orange and yellow colors swirled around erratically, the embers beneath the log glowing brightly. A pleasantly cool autumn wind tossed errant strands of blonde hair into his face as he watched the fire's light fade in the breeze. He continued staring, never blinking. "Legolas?" A soft, tired voice murmured. The prince turned abruptly to face the human boy. Estel was laying comfortably on his bedroll a few yards away, his dark hair already tousled from the few hours of sleep he'd had. His wide, blue-grey eyes regarded the prince slowly, showing interest and confusion. His slightly tan yet fair and childlike face still held the dirt smudges from his wrestling with the twins that evening. "Yes, Estel?" he responded calmly. The boy yawned and ran his hand through his wavy hair, uselessly trying to get the tresses out of his eyes. "Why aren't you sleeping?" "I am just keeping watch." Legolas told him simply. His eyes drifted over to the logs. The fire was gone. Estel took no notice of his friend's wandering gaze. "Why? This is a safe area, isn't it?" "Yes, but one can never be sure." The elf dismissed, looking back at him. "These years, orcs have been known to go beyond their previously believed range. It's never wise to have everyone asleep in the dead of night, especially with how far away we are from a town." "Oh." The child mumbled only half-coherently. Yawning again, he rested his head back down against his crossed arms. "Goodnight, anyway." His eyelids fluttered and drooped as he once again fell into peaceful dreaming. The prince watched the boy for a moment, his even breathing and occasional inaudible mumbling. Then his gaze lifted and he looked around the campsite, which was really only an imprecise area, as the ground he sat upon did not change for many miles, barren land as far as the eyes could see. There were few trees around, something Legolas disliked greatly. He dearly anticipated the following morning, when they could continue south towards the rivers. Two forms lay on the other side of the campfire, long dark hair covering most of their faces. Legolas noticed Elrohir's arm sprawled out, palm up. He could just faintly see the scars where the flesh had been so mutilated half a decade ago. Being a Firstborn, they would eventually disappear, but not from memory. Legolas sighed slowly, absently fingering the corner of his bedroll and taking deep breaths. It is over. Let it go. He closed his eyes momentarily as he lay down, opening them again to stare up at the stars that beautifully adorned the night sky. In the distance, he could ever so slightly make out the sound of water lapping against a riverbed. Insects chirped softly, skittering about the ground, and nocturnal birds called out to each other from somewhere far away. He couldn't fall asleep. He felt so tense and worried. Anxious, his heart pounded faster whenever he thought about whom he was with and where they were. While he tried to tell himself that he was just being paranoid, it didn't help. Five years ago, Legolas went through some of the hardest months in his life. While the twins had been healed, it would be a long time before they'd be as healthy as they had been before. And while Estel assured the prince that he forgave him for all the mistakes and the trauma that had been caused, Legolas had his doubts. He found it impossible to believe that the boy could just forget everything that happened. He felt awkward around the human, afraid that he'd somehow cause him more pain. He was constantly frightened of doing something wrong. While he didn't show it, he was often frantically afraid of being a failure as a friend. Something that had once been so easy and brought him great joy was now like an impossible job. Even around Elladan and Elrohir, his best friends for many years, he felt like they harbored ill feelings towards him. When the Peredhils rode back to Rivendell, Legolas stayed in Mirkwood. After over four years, a messenger came for Legolas. The prince was greatly urged to come to Imladris to celebrate the thirteenth anniversary of Estel's birth day. While he was nervous, the prince decided to come, bringing a beautiful Mirkwood bow and quiver of arrows as gifts. He found himself quite surprised at how much the boy had changed. He was much stronger, and had clearly been working on archery and swordsmanship daily. His curly mop of hair was straighter, easier to keep in the delicate braids like the Firstborn. Much taller now, though not enough to measure up to elves, he held the air of an older, more serious and wise person. But he didn't act like one. His eyes shone even brighter, if that was possible, and he had grown so much more like his brothers. He knew many more pranks, he had the twins' mischievous cleverness. And he was so kind; so friendly. Legolas suddenly felt like the four of them had been friends forever and that nothing had ever come between them. When he woke up in the horse barn in the middle of the night and found the door to his room locked securely, he had never felt so relieved (much to the brothers' disappointment, as their prank didn't have their desired affect of annoying the sometimes overly-serious prince). Everything seemed right. But after a couple of months, Estel wanted to leave. It was hot, summertime, and he suggested that they go to a river the twins had told him about. Elladan and Elrohir, bothered at how long they had stayed at home to heal, instantly agreed with him. And Legolas found himself petrified. Something felt very wrong. When Elrond reluctantly agreed, (with many rules for them to follow and a lot of medical aids he insisted they bring), Legolas suddenly had nightmares. He didn't want to go. But he couldn't bring himself to stop the brothers from going, as it really seemed like just an irrational fear. He went with them and pretended that nothing was wrong. And for the past couple of days, everything did seem fine. They had crossed the Old South Road and were somewhere near Enedwaith. As Legolas drifted to sleep again, he would have another nightmare, the worst yet. Estel awoke to a soft noise nearby and blinked tiredly, sitting up and stretching his arms. Elladan was kneeling next to their sacks and smiled brightly when he saw him awake. "Good morning, little one." He greeted happily. He handed the boy a piece of lembas, knowing how much human children ate. "Thank you," Estel took it gratefully and was just about to ask why the older twin was up so early when Elrohir stirred nearby. Estel stared as Elladan tried not to snicker. As the younger twin woke up and raised his head, he was suddenly was jerked back. Wide awake, he began to curse as he found his hair tied to a root in the ground. Elrohir grabbed a nearby rock and chucked it at his twin before painfully untying his braids from the ground. Elladan almost fell over laughing. Estel giggled in amusement as he ate his breakfast, taking a long sip from his water flask before looking over to where Legolas was still sleeping. He walked over to his friend and sat down, gently shaking his shoulders. "Legolas," he beckoned. "Legolas, wake up. The sun is rising, we'll be leaving soon." He was sure that the prince would find Elladan's prank amusing. The elf mumbled something as his eyes unclouded, looking up at the child for a moment of bewilderment before remembering where they were. "Are you alright?" the mortal asked. The prince's eyes seemed wild and frightened. "Did you have a bad dream?" "No," Legolas assured quickly, sitting up. "I am fine." He saw the twins wrestling nearby and smiled, deciding to not even ask. It was mid-afternoon when they reached the particular river that the twins had read about many years ago and once told Estel about in a story. They had decided to ride to now it because it was relatively unheard of and in a desolate area, so it would be relaxing and safe. It was supposed to be a very deep stream, stretching for many miles. Perhaps it had been deep, many years ago. Now, however, it was much less than they had expected. Elrohir glanced uncomfortably at Estel. "I'm sorry," he apologized softly. "I guess it is not quite what you expected, huh?" Estel was staring at the canyon. "Not really," he admitted. He looked over the edge. "We can't even go swimming, can we?" Elladan shook his head. "It looks like what's left of it is only a couple feet deep. And it must be more than a hundred foot climb down." Legolas shifted on his horse, dearly wanting to step away from the edge. Something felt awfully wrong there. It was so far down, a dry and crumbling canyon with a thin little stream going down the center and a wide, hardened dirt bank. "Let's go to the river we passed this morning." He suggested. "It was small, but certainly deeper than this." The younger twin looked at him incredulously. "Of course not, Legolas!" he laughed. "It is just a river, certainly not the only reason we left Rivendell. Perhaps it is the only reason that we told our Ada," he grinned. "We told him that we just wanted a little ride and a little swim… But it is going to be much more than that, Legolas. We have barely started." "Where is your sense of adventure?" Elladan added cheerfully. "We haven't had any fun yet!" Estel smiled and nodded eagerly. "Yes, let's go!" He patted Hyalma's neck affectionately and beamed. Any disappointment of the river disappeared as the brothers turned their horses southward. Legolas fumbled for his horse's mane and urged it to follow the others, a horrid feeling of foreboding still coming from the cliff side. After only ten minutes or so of riding, Elladan glanced over his shoulder at the prince. "Are you alright?" he asked. "You've seemed so distant these days, Legolas." Sighing, the blonde elf shook his head. "I'm fine," he repeated, noticing how unsure he sounded. He lamented on how poor of a liar he was. Estel slowed his mare down. "But you don't look alright," he noted. He knew that the blonde elf could be just as wild, reckless, and carefree as the twins, but occasionally could also reach long points of silence and dejection. Just as Elrohir also stopped his horse and began to say something as well, he froze. "Valar…" he whispered. "Look at the sky." The horizon that was a bright blue just minutes earlier was now growing ominously darker as the clouds covered the sun. A raindrop fell. "A storm is coming." Legolas said