1972. Running. That's all Mina ever did, she had been running every single day of her life and with her death it continued. Not even death could stop Mina from running from her past. But the funny thing was Mina couldn't even remember what exactly she was running from, all she could recall was this woman's voice in her head that kept telling her she had to keep moving. That it wasn't safe as something was coming for her. Mina could no longer recall whose voice it was in her head but something inside of her trusted the voice, even though most her memories were all but gone Mina knew that she had trusted whoever this woman had been. It was an odd thing, to trust a voice of somebody who Mina couldn't even remember but that was one of the prices that came with Mina being a vampire. Her life before she had become a vampire was fuzzy to say the least, there were huge things that Mina couldn't remember and there were things that she chose not to remember. One of the biggest holes in Mina's memory was the events leading up to how she had become a vampire. Mina was over two hundred years old, she was 216 to be exact but the day that she had died and became an immortal creature was something that was still not any clearer from the day that she had transitioned. The whole thing was a bit of a blank actually, sort of a fuzzy memory and the more Mina tried to remember the more fuzzy it seemed to forget. All that Mina knew was that she had 'died' during the summer time but during that time there had been a great storm, a terrible one at that and she could remember it being more cold than her young years could ever remember. Back then Mina was still going by Wilhelmina Maksimov, the name that had been given to her in place of her actual birth name. They said it was to protect her from those who wished her harm, that much Mina could remember of her life. When she thought about the day that she died all that Mina could recall was that she had been running, then feeling very cold and the sound of cracking and the feeling of ice cold water flooding her from the inside out. Her lungs were burning, Mina couldn't breathe or even think properly. She was drowning, that much Mina could afford to assume but after that things went dark and then came even more pain, the excoriating red hot pain that was consuming her entire body. For Mina it felt like her entire body was on fire for days as the venom from the bite took charge over her body like a virus, working it's way through her entire system infecting everything in it's path. The pain was like nothing else Mina had ever experienced before, it was slow and painfully agonizing with nothing to ease any of the harsh suffering. The whole thing dragged out for days until eventually the pain was gone and no longer was Mina a witch like she had been from birth but now she was a newborn vampire; unsure of who had turned her in the first place. To this day it was still something that Mina was clueless about and it wasn't something that she entertained in her mind that often. If she hadn't found out by now who was responsible for turning her, then she probably never would, so why dwell in it? Mina had died at the tender young age of sixteen, three weeks shy of her birthday and since then she hadn't aged a single day. It was the summer of 1772 when she had and now it was the fall of 1972. Mina had been a vampire for two hundred years. An abomination by all accounts given who she had been before she was turned into a vampire. She used to be a witch, a servant of nature but she had lost pretty much all her magic upon her transition. She couldn't be both a witch and a vampire, it didn't work like that. Mina could only be one of them and there had been no choice for her. She had been turned against her will and had to live with the consequences with that as the only other option was death and even though Mina hadn't been thrilled to become a vampire, she certainly didn't want to die either. At least being a vampire meant that Mina could let go of the painful details of her past, her memories of her human life slowly dulling away as the decades rolled past. No longer was Mina bound by the rules of witchcraft but rather by her own rules. She was a nomad, an animal and had no place in interacting with others, back in 1772 not long after Mina had been turned into a vampire she had made a promise to herself. She swore to be by herself, to dwell in the darkness like the vampire stereotype dictated and if she lived that way then things would be better. Mina had tried to be good but it was so hard, being a vampire was not an easy task as all of her senses were heightened. There wasn't anything that she could hear or see, nobody could out run her and there was nothing that could get rid of the constant bloodlust she had. Her throat constantly dry, crying out for the one thing that would get rid of the burning in her throat. There were things that she had done in her life, terrible things that she wished that she could so desperately forget about but couldn't. A lot of people had been hurt because of what Mina had done and as a result of that Mina chose to walk a lonely road, as it was safer for everyone else for her to be alone, the kind of life she lived was one that others wouldn't understand. But Mina ended up breaking her promise in 1956 and someone who meant a very great deal to her had ended up paying the ultimate price. Nine had killed the only person that she had ever really loved and since then she had learned that she was meant to be alone. That was only thing that Mina was certain of in her rather damned life was that she was alone, she had come into this world alone, forced to grow up alone in this world and she had died alone, well dying was sort of a loose term as Mina was not really dead, she was a vampire. So she was half-dead and half alive but still very much alone to the point where being by herself was the only thing that Mina knew, the only company that she had was her shadow. If she could, Mina would have stopped feeling. Tried to find some way to stop feeling her emotions that way it would be easier to be alone but there was no solution like that. Mina guessed it was her punishment for what she had done and now she had to live her eternal life by herself. The loneliness ached but Mina knew that she had to keep to herself, not to interact with people and keep off the beaten track. If she did that then things would be better and nobody else would get hurt. It was hard doing the right thing but then again the guilt that plagued Mina also managed to motivate her to stay by herself. The memories of killing the man she loved seemed to haunt her, if it was possible to sleep than Mina was sure that it would haunt her dreams but as vampires couldn't sleep, the memories just haunted her every waking moment which was every second of the day. It served as a constant reminder of why Mina had to remain by herself. Ever since that day, February 19 th 1926 Mina had made sure that she was alone, never coming into close proximity with anyone. Part of that meant that Mina had to keep moving along to new places as people would notice if someone didn't age after a prolonged amount of time. Previously Mina had been living in Chicago, in fact she had rather liked living in the so-called windy city, she had been able to live a somewhat normal life but in the shadows making sure not to draw too much attention to herself. Mina had only been living in Chicago for less than two years but now Mina was in Bethel, Alaska because she had felt something inside of her. The wind had brought her here, for something that was much more important than a lost love and Mina's guilt, something in the wind had whispered to Mina that she would find it here. Mina didn't know what exactly it was but she trusted her instinct or rather her gut, it had never let her down before. Mina liked it here in Alaska. She had always loved being in the outdoors and she adored the snow. For as long as she could remember Mina had never been a real fan on the warmer seasons, she had liked the colder seasons and everything that came with it. Rain, sleet, frost and snow… It's why Alaska seemed like the perfect place for her as she could go about her business and no one would be none the wiser. Nobody here would notice if it snowed out of the blue or a lot more often it should have. Mina could do whatever she wanted and not worry about the humans getting suspicious. It was the only freedom that she seemed to have. Given the life that she led, Mina knew not to take it for granted as at least whilst she was here she didn't have to hide indoors all the time constantly worried about what would happen if she went out into the direct sun on a particularly bright day. It was one of those downfalls that came with being a vampire but it was pretty manageable thing to deal with once you knew what you were doing. It had taken Mina a bit of time to work out the whole vampire thing given that she had pretty much been doing it by herself from day one, hence she had no clue what she was doing at first. " Wilhelmina?" Mina couldn't help but frown at the sound of some female calling out her full name. Wilhelmina? She had stopped going by her full given name pretty much ever since she had become a vampire and anyone who knew her by that name was long dead. Wilhelmina Maksimov no longer existed, she was long gone. The only person that remained was Mina. But the better question was, who the hell was calling her that name? She had ventured so far out into the woods that it would have been impossible to find her, even if she had left tracks, which Mina knew she hadn't. She hadn't even heard anyone approaching which was odd… Slowly turning around Mina caught sight of three people. Two men and one women. All three of them too beautiful to be real. Too perfect to be human… They were too pale to be normal, the way they held themselves was flawless… Then there were their eyes. A golden honey colour that Mina had only seen a few times within herself. It took her a few seconds to realize that they were like her. They were vampires. Mina looked at the three strangers, the tall blonde with the friendly smile who seemed to radiate this calmness. This one seemed to be the eldest, he seemed to project this maturity that Mina couldn't really explain. Then there was the female of the group, at first Mina would have mistaken