Disclaimer: I don't own Legolas, Aragorn, either of their families, or the ME tidbits I borrowed for this story, most of which are probably wrong. I own only a fisherman, a couple guards, and an as-yet-nameless maid who is demanding her own story. Rating: K+ for mild language at the end. Thanks to Maggie, who made the last scene happen. Bossily. 120 F.A. He took nearly a hundred years to discover it, and I took even longer to understand. The way I saw it was this: he first lost his home at the age of two, to a band of marauding orcs. Again at twenty, to the knowledge of his heritage. Again when he left the rangers. And again . . . again . . . again. It has taken me until now to understand that I had it all wrong. 2956 T.A. Aragorn took less than ten minutes to set up camp and throw himself down on his bedroll. Legolas eyed him with considerable amusement. "Making yourself at home?" "Mmm." The man rolled toward him. "I could. Sleep here, make a table for over there" – he indicated the appropriate corner of the clearing – "put up some sort of roof, bring out a few books – I could." Legolas shook his head and set about rooting out food from their packs. "You're not serious." "No, I suppose not." Aragorn sighed and caught the piece of lembas tossed to him. "Too cold in winter. Now, a bit farther south . . . " " Daro! " Legolas pegged him with the nearest acorn, causing the man to choke. "You speak nonsense. Aragorn shook his head vehemently, coughed, and protested, "Nay. Why could I not?" "You live in Imladris." "Not anymore." "Still," Legolas persisted, "'tis your home." "Perhaps," the ranger said quietly, "or perhaps I have none, in which case I can make one wherever I choose." Legolas frowned. "Estel . . . " The man easily shrugged off his friend's concern and reached for his pack. "Do we have anything other than lembas?" 120 F.A. He was simply born a wanderer, I suppose. I always thought of home as a place to come back to – assumed he felt the same way. He showed me his bedroll once – as though I hadn't seen it before – and said seriously, "I take it with me." We had been talking about home, mine and his, but it took me a hundred sixty years to realize that "home" was what he meant. 2986 T.A. "Apparently," Legolas said lightly, "my father is enjoying his vacation from me and would like to extend it." He folded up a letter from Mirkwood and passed it to the twins, glancing wistfully around Rivendell's gardens. "I must admit the scenery is nicer here." "Excellent," Aragorn said vaguely. The chieftain of the Dunedain sat cross-legged on a bench, poring over a map of the Shire borders. He spared a moment to smile at Legolas before returning to the realignment of border patrol. Elladan shook the letter to get the prince's attention. "Sounds like your father wants you well out of whatever's going on." "Aye, and when I return, I shall send him away for a while." "Please, don't send him here," Elrohir exclaimed, feigning horror; and the elves laughed. Elrohir gave a mock bow. "Stay as long as you wish," he said with exaggerated formality. "Our home is your home." He then rather ruined the effect by kicking his human brother in the shin. Aragorn yelped and fixed a highly injured gaze on both twins. "What?" As an afterthought he added resentfully, "There's no need to kick. I have ears." "That was yours to say," Elrohir told him. "I think I've outgrown the manners lessons, thank you." When the twins grumbled and retreated, he looked to Legolas. "What was?" The prince was bemused by the Elrondions' version of "manners lessons." "Er, that your home is my home. I think." "Is that all?" Aragorn flipped a hand, spattering ink over the bench, and frowned at his map. "I'd have thought that would be apparent." Ignoring Legolas's increasing bewilderment, he wrote something on the map, studied it, and nodded in satisfaction. 120 F.A. Later I asked him what he meant. He had already forgotten his words in the garden. When I relived the conversation for him, he frowned at me. "What do you mean, what did I mean? You've stayed here many times. I didn't think it necessary to remind you that you are always welcome." " Apparently," I said, "I have multiple homes." " Of course you do," he said complacently. "Don't we all?" 3019 T.A. "There you are!" Aragorn flung open the door to his chambers to admit his elven friend. For a moment the Lord of Ithilien and the newly crowned King of Gondor simply looked at each other. "Here I am?" Legolas repeated, a faint smile playing about his lips. "Aye, at last. What are you laughing at?" "You," Legolas said simply. "I always knew you would do it someday, Estel." Aragorn laughed and threw his arms around the elf, drew him inside. "Come." He proceeded to give Legolas a tour of the entire royal apartment, ending with a flourish in the sitting room. "It's beautiful," Legolas said honestly. "Yes." The king rubbed a hand across his face and looked around, bewildered. "Yes, it is." Legolas cocked an eyebrow and waited. "I keep expecting to go to sleep and wake up in the forest," Aragorn burst out. "In a tent somewhere . . . not here. " "Yet here it will be," his friend said quietly. "This is your home, now." Aragorn groaned and dropped into the nearest chair. "But . . . " He glanced up when he felt the elf's hand on his shoulder. "I don't know, mellon-nin, I don't . . . " "'Tis not about knowing or not knowing," Legolas told him. "Sometimes decisions are made for us – " "I know that. I don't – I don't even know what I don't know." Desperately he sought his friend's eyes. "Legolas – " The elf squeezed his shoulder. "It matters not," he soothed. "What matters it that Middle Earth is at peace, and we are home safe." Slowly Aragorn's head bowed onto Legolas's arm. " Hannon le. " 120 F.A. He wasn't at all reassured, though. I could see it in his stance, in the crease between his brows. By the time of our next visit, the confusion had faded to a perpetual ghost in the back of his eyes. It would remain there for fifty years. 48 F.A. Undergrowth rustled. Twigs snapped; tiny footsteps sounded on the packed earth. Aragorn chuckled quietly and leaned back against a tree, counting the seconds until his five-year-old son tumbled out of the bushes. "Ada!" the boy shrieked, right on schedule, jumping into his father's lap. "How – " Aragorn held a finger to his lips. Obediently Eldarion lowered his voice to a loud whisper. "How'd I do?" "Excellent," the king lied. It had, in fact, been marginally better than the last twelve attempts. "I could hardly hear you." Eldarion beamed and latched onto his father's neck. "Can we go home now?" "It took us three days to get here, penneth. " Aragorn stood and hoisted the boy onto his hip. "No." The prince shook his head in earnest. "We just left this morning." "That was our camp, not home." "But Nana's there, and Uncle Ell'dan, and El'hir, and Leg'las, and – " "All right!" Aragorn laughed, starting down the path to said camp. "We're going!" Content, Eldarion laid his head on his father's shoulder. The smile slipped from the king's face, and he spent the journey deep in thought. 120 F.A. I could not explain how or why, but he came back from that camping trip subtly changed. When the White City came back into view, he glanced at it scarce a moment before returning his attention to his wife and son. When I returned to my own realm, I realized: the ghost in the back of his eyes, the one we had come to accept, was gone. Eleven years later my father sailed. 59 F.A. Scarcely two days after Legolas returned from the Grey Havens, Aragorn knocked on the door of his chambers in Ithilien. "Legolas?" "Estel," the elf returned wearily as he opened the door. "What, did you leave before I returned?" "No, I made excellent time." Aragorn grinned, then quickly sobered, stepping into the room. He pulled the door shut behind him and clapped his friend on the back. Legolas lifted one shoulder, answered the question before it was asked. "I am all right, I suppose." "Really," the man said, entirely unconvinced. "What do you want me to tell you, Estel? I accompanied Ada to the Havens. He left in one direction, I left in another, and my home – my home is empty!" Aragorn looked rather startled at this but said nothing. "I have to go back," Legolas continued abstractedly. "To – to make sure everything is in order – just in case – we're set to leave tomorrow." "Do you want me to – " "No." He smiled softly. "Thank you, mellon-nin, but . . . " Aragorn nodded in understanding, a strange look crossing his face. Legolas looked at him closely. "What is it?" "Hmm? Nothing," the man said innocently, then chuckled. "Honestly, I don't know what – " "You're bursting to tell me something; what?" The man's smile faded. "Now is not the time – " "Why? Because of my family problems?" Aragorn tried to reply, but Legolas cut him off. "No, Estel. You're not leaving until you tell me." "No." Legolas narrowed his eyes. "You're being completely unreasonable." For several moments they stared at each other, a face-off. It was Aragorn who backed down. "I was just thinking – " "A likely story." "Do you want me to tell you or not?" He drew in a deep breath, tried to clear his mind: he had never planned how to share this with anyone. "I – I realized something a while ago, and you reminded me of it just now." "And this something is?" Legolas prompted. Best to say it quickly, the man decided, and get it all over with. "There is no such thing as home. O-only – " "Excuse me?" Legolas interrupted. Aragorn closed his eyes. I knew it . . . "What I mean is – " "If home does not exist, how do you explain the fact that my home has been abandoned?" "I only – " "I would have expected your father to teach you to be considerate." Turning red, Aragorn unconsciously raised his voice. "He did. In fact, the only thing my father failed to teach me was how to deal with an elf so pigheaded as yourself. Now if you'll excuse me, Your Majesty?" He proceeded to storm out, slamming the door in a most unkingly fashion. 120 F.A. When I set out for Lasgalen, I was yet too angry to remember how much I hate parting on bad terms. Your Majesty, he had said – as though I wanted to be King of the Wood-Elves – as though I wouldn't do anything to change the fact that I now was. His father had sailed years before. He knew. My home, when I reached it, was not the home I remembered. Hallways echoed when I walked down them; there was no chatter in the courtyards. When I passed through the empty healing wing, memory struck: drifting in and out of consciousness, pain dogging every breath – a dark-haired man who never left my side. He couldn't have meant it the way it sounded. There is a fundamental impulse, one that forces us to say things we should not. No-one is immune, man or elf. So I swallowed my pride, dropped most of the guard in Ithilien, and rode straight