A/N: Set c. 2955 Third Age. Dates are not my strong point. Elrond and Aragorn father and son. To Alexis, Maggie, Kristin -- sorry for turning the light on to revise this -- and Angela -- thanks for helping me keep it on. Disclaimer: Not mine. Vitality "Legolas!" Elrohir said cheerfully as he greeted the younger elf and led him into Rivendell. "How fares Mirkwood?" The prince lifted his shoulders in a half shrug. "As well as it ever does, lately." "So not very well," Elrohir guessed. Legolas laughed. "How did you know? I have a message for your father, incidentally." "Urgent?" "Nay." Legolas halted at the foot of the staircase as Elladan came towards them. " Mae govannen, Elladan." "Legolas!" Elladan said, sounding very much like his twin. "It is good to see you. Estel will be very excited." Legolas paused in his search for the folded missive in his pack. "Estel is home?" Normally the man missed nothing of the comings and goings in Imladris. That he was not here now struck the prince as odd. Elrohir nodded. "You're just in time. His leave from the rangers ends in a few days." "Where is he now?" Legolas found his father's message and absently handed it to one of the twins. "Around," Elladan said dismissively. "You know Estel; if he doesn't want to be found, good luck finding him." Legolas looked between them, frowning. "Why wouldn't he want to be found?" The twins traded guilty looks. "Ah, well, we might have been a little – " "Over exuberant – " "Excited – " "Mischievous – " "Just having a little fun – " The prince shook his head. The twins and Estel within five miles of each other inevitably led to pranks. He suspected his friend was plotting retaliation. "But enough about our – erm – family troubles," Elrohir said, accompanied by snorts from his brother. "Come, Father will be glad to see you. It's been a while." "So it has," Legolas agreed, "but I would like to freshen up, if you don't mind and – " He was about to say, help Estel plot revenge, but Elladan cut him off. "Really, 'Ro, where are your manners? Go on, Legolas; make yourself at home. We weren't expecting you, so your room may be a bit dusty, but – " "I'll manage," Legolas said dryly, refraining from pointing out that neither twin seemed to be in possession of manners. "Go give that to Lord Elrond before we all forget about it." "Would that really be so terrible?" Legolas considered. "Probably not." After changing our of his dusty travel clothes and stowing his things in the room next to Aragorn's, Legolas went in search of his human friend. A combing of all the most likely spots – kitchen, garden, stables, Hall of Fire – yielded no results. Confused, the prince checked the library and healing wing, on the off chance of a disaster. Nothing. Strange. Legolas considered checking again, but feared that he and the man would continue missing each other. He decided to head back to his room and rest until supper. Surely Aragorn would be at that. He took the longest way he knew back to his room, just in case. And it paid off when he rounded a corner near the council rooms to find a dark haired man slumped against the wall partway down the corridor, head resting on his drawn-up knees. Legolas froze – Aragorn had obviously not heard his approach – and considered his friend's odd choice of resting spot. No-one came near these hallways when council was not in session. Aragorn hadn't wanted to be found. Why? This was hardly the image of a plotter of tricks. Something was definitely wrong. "Hey," Legolas said softly. "Go away," Aragorn said without moving. "I'm trying to sleep." "In the hallway? Mae govannen to you too, by the way." "Legolas?" "Aye, you – " Legolas was cut off by the man's enthusiastic greeting. "That's it," he said sharply even as he returned his friend's embrace. "What is wrong?" Aragorn pulled back with that innocent look he should have known better than to try. "Wrong? Nothing is wrong." Legolas raised an eyebrow. "You are trying to sleep in the hallway . . . in the middle of the day . . . paying no attention to your surroundings . . . " "I felt like it?" Aragorn offered weakly. Legolas snorted. "Aye, and I feel like taking a tour of some nice caves." He softened his tone, conscious of the violated look in the man's eyes. "You don't want to talk about it." "Talk about what?" the ranger said obstinately. Legolas shook his head. How stupid do you think I am? He took a good look at Aragorn: eyes bloodshot with faint shadows underneath, hair unkempt from his attempt to sleep, face wan and gaunt. "How long have you been home?" He had had the impression that it had been a while. "My leave is for two weeks." So at least a week and a half, Legolas calculated. More than enough time to catch up on sleep. He glared at the man for a moment more, then sighed and wrapped an arm around his shoulders. "I will drag it out of you somehow." "There's nothing to drag," Aragorn insisted as they started down the hall. He raked a hand through his hair fruitlessly and ducked out from under Legolas' arm. "Stop mothering me." "Someone has to do it," Legolas retorted, "if you are going to start acting as though you're invincible." "Nothing is wrong, " Aragorn said hotly. Legolas frowned. " Mellon-nin, you insult either my intelligence or my perception." "You insult my honesty," Aragorn said, his voice rising. "Perhaps your honesty needs it." The man opened his mouth to respond, then closed it tightly and started to walk away. Legolas caught his arm, the words I'm sorry on his lips, but the glare Aragorn laid on him was so cold that he took a step back. "Estel – " "Don't," Aragorn said bitterly. "Just don't." He stormed down the hall in the direction of his chambers and did not look back, though he surely felt Legolas' worried gaze following him. "Congratulations, Estel," the elf said shakily to the empty corridor. "You just proved my point." "Come in," the Lord of Imladris called when Legolas knocked on the door of his study an hour before dinner. He looked up as the prince shut the door behind him. "Ah, Legolas. The twins told me you had arrived. I trust you had an uneventful journey?" "Aye, my lord." Legolas hesitated; standing before Elrond's desk made him feel like a naughty elfling. Elrond watched him with barely concealed amusement. "You want to speak with me?" he said pleasantly. "Aye, my lord." Brilliant, Legolas thought sourly. "I – erm – I have a personal question." The older elf's eyebrows went up. "Yes?" "What's wrong with Estel?" Legolas blurted. "Wrong with Estel?" Elrond repeated, puzzled. "What do you mean?" It was Legolas' turn to be confused. "What do I – there is something the matter; I do not know what but I can tell – do you mean to tell me that you have not noticed?" It seemed unfathomable that Aragorn's father and brothers would not have seen quite clearly that something was amiss. Elrond shook his head. "He was a bit careworn when he arrived, but it seemed to have passed," he said, concerned. "Are you sure – " "Of course!" Legolas said incredulously. "He has not been sleeping; he is not aware of his surroundings; he lost his temper with me after a three-minute conversation. I know Estel, my lord. I know when something is not right." The elf lord tapped his quill pen against his desk, thinking. "He has not been displaying these symptoms to us." "I am not delusional, my lord," Legolas said hotly. Elrond raised his hands in protest. "I did not say you are; I am merely laying out the situation. For some reason, Estel does not wish us to know – " "Because he is Estel!" Legolas interrupted. "Forgive my impertinence, my lord, but the question is, what is wrong?" And why did you not notice, he added to himself. "Indeed," Elrond agreed gravely. "Do you think he would tell you – " "After what just transpired between us, I highly doubt it. The twins?" "They are not . . . getting along very well," Elrond said delicately. "I believe Estel is still angry about a prank they played on him a few days ago." Couldn't he see that Estel would never storm so long, not with only two weeks at home, two weeks out of years spent away? Legolas pressed his lips together and remained silent. Elrond considered a moment longer, then nodded shortly. "Thank you for informing me of the situation, Legolas." The prince recognized his dismissal and sketched a small bow. "Hannon le, hir nin." Somehow he managed to maintain polite composure on his way out the door. Inside, he was fuming. For a few panicked moments, Legolas feared that Aragorn would skip supper. As it happened, he caught sight of the man as he paused outside the door to the dining hall. Even from across the room, already seated, Legolas could see the change come over his friend. Aragorn straightened, his shoulders squared, the haggardness melting away from his features; and only then did he enter the room and slip into a seat, pointedly rather far from the prince. Legolas was startled back to his end of the table when Elrohir poked him hard in the arm. "Legolas!" "Hmm?" " Rolls. " Elrohir plopped the basket in front of him and followed his gaze to Aragorn, now engaged in conversation with the elf next to him. "Did you find him?" "Aye." Legolas selected a roll without really caring and passed the basket on. "Do you know what is wrong with him?" "Wrong?" Elrohir questioned. The prince rolled his eyes at the ceiling, utterly exasperated, and refused to answer any queries for the rest of the meal. Instead he furtively watched Aragorn, quickly averting his eyes whenever the man glanced his way. He heard his friend laugh, but he also heard the flat, dead edge to it. He saw him smile, but recognized that it did not reach his eyes. He watched the man clean his plate, but wondered that Aragorn did not go for seconds. Legolas saw the deception, and still he did not understand how anyone could miss the truth. In the middle of the night, the prince, still lying awake and brooding, was alerted by the faintest of sounds from the room next door – Aragorn's room. In a moment he could hear more clearly the muffled cries; he would know his friend's distress anywhere. Legolas rose and slipped out of his chamber, cracked open the door to the man's room. Yes: Aragorn was tossing on the bed, caught in the throes of a nightmare, and crying out: "No, I'm sorry, it wasn't my fault . . . I don't understand . . . " His voice choked off. For an instant Legolas hesitated – they had, after all, not spoken to each other since the angry exchange near the council rooms – but only for an instant. He shut the door behind him and perched on the edge of the bed, shook the man hard. "Estel." Aragorn moaned and tried to pull away, but Legolas kept a firm grip on his shoulder. "Estel. Strider!" Silver eyes shot open, meeting his own; and Legolas tried to smile. Aragorn had better reflexes than that; he knew it well. "And how did you keep your family from hearing that ?" he remonstrated softly. "Skill." Aragorn's eyes blazed, but he did not deny it, sitting up wearily and rubbing a hand across his face. "Also known as, usually no-one sleeps close enough to