Rating: K+ Disclaimer: Kira, her family, and her village belong to me. The rest is emphatically not mine. When I was a girl, I used to go down to the village every week or so and play with the other children. By the time we were eleven, of course, we no longer called it "playing," but town children and farm children alike still rushed their chores and gathered in the square to gossip, run around and not work. It was unofficial to our parents, but utterly monumental to us. Without informal meetings, the farm children in particular would have had next to no friends. This, really, is where my brush with royalty began. What good is a once-in-a-lifetime experience if one learns nothing from it? My lesson from King Elessar began several weeks before he actually turned up, on a sunny morning in the village square, just before planting . . . . "Kira! Over here!" I jumped about a foot and turned around. I knew that voice. Everybody knew that voice: it belonged to the daughter of the village chief, the richest man in town. Not standoffish or snobby at all, Attalaen was nonetheless given a narrow berth by the rest of the children. Just in case, we said. In case of what, I don't remember. I glanced around at my friends, grimacing just for show. We had been in the middle of a guessing game. "Go on," I told them and jogged over to Attalaen. "Hey." "Hey." Although she had initiated this conversation, she looked awkward. Usually she hung at the fringes of one of our groups. "So," I said, rubbing my arms even though it wasn't cold. "So. How are you?" "Fine, thanks." An uncomfortable pause. "You live on the farm northwest of here, right? With the tall boy and the cute little one with curly hair?" I nodded. "My brothers, Olath and Amir. And I know who you are." Attalaen laughed, a surprisingly nice sound that made me laugh too. "That's what you think." "So tell me," I said. As it turned out, we were both surprised at how quickly time flew after that. In the ensuing weeks, Attalaen began to attach herself to me every time I went into town. I didn't mind. Sometimes we watched the older boys, my brother Olath among them, play their ball games. Other times we joined my friends, who mostly ignored her. This began to grate on my nerves more and more until, when Attalaen was conveniently out of earshot, I blew up. "Why can't you all be nicer to her?" They all looked at me, puzzled. "She's not one of us," one girl spoke up. "How do you figure that?" I didn't wait for an answer. Instead I stormed away. Father found the elf in the back field not five days later. When he stumbled through the door with the fair form draped over his back, Mother and I leapt to our feet, fearing he head been hurt. To our relief, it was not he who had been wounded: it was the elf. Mother was the best healer in the area, but even she could not figure out what was wrong with that elf. Numerous superficial wounds, certainly, along with a more serious cut on his left arm that was bleeding profusely. He had most definitely been through a fight. But none of those wounds were yet infected, and even the arm wound was not life-threatening. Why, then, was he so weak? Why did he mutter to himself in another language with unfocused eyes? Why did he seem totally unaware of everything around him? We got him into my parents' bed and carefully bound his wounds. Father took the broach that had held his cloak closed at the neck and, pulling a few strings with Attalaen's father, managed to get it and word of our discovery sent to Minas Tirith. Surely, he said, someone in the capital would know what to do. After all, elves were not everyday occurrences. My father, having done some traveling in his youth, was the only one among us who had even seen one of the fair folk before. So for the next three days, my mother and I pulled alternating shifts on elf-watch. Occasionally Father or Olath took over, but the duties were more often forced upon us as the women of the house. I pretended to be annoyed, but secretly, I was fascinated by the elf, and would have sat and watched him even had I not been told. He had long silver-blond hair of which I was extremely jealous, my own being brown and kinky and generally disagreeable. His hair, though, was usually sweat-soaked and sticky because he would not stop moving, tossing and turning and shaking with fever. There were several small braids in it, and these intrigued me too: they seemed so intricate. His eyes, though fever-bright and unfocused, were a startling shade of blue. I wondered if all elves were so handsome. By the end of the second day, Mother began to despair of the elf's making it through whatever sickness had hold of him. I felt an inexplicable sadness for this being I did not know. On the morning of the third day, Amir and I went into the village as usual; Olath stayed behind to help Mother, a task I had talked my way out of by pointing out that I had been helping with the elf all along. I was still too angry after the blowup of the week before to go near my regular friends. Instead Attalaen and I watched the sparring tournament the older boys were holding. "Where's Olath?" she asked casually. "At home." I started to explain about the elf, but she interrupted with a sigh. "I like to watch him play." She wore a dreamy expression. A vague suspicion began to form in my mind, cemented when she looked at me eagerly and said, "You must introduce us sometime." I stiffened. Perhaps I was being hasty and paranoid, but the fiasco with the other girls had erased most of my faith in children, females, and female children. Despite the fact that I belonged to all of the above categories. "Attalaen," I said carefully, "why did you call to me, that day in the square? Why not someone else?" "Well, she said, flustered, "because you seemed nice, and I . . . wanted to get to know you better." "Me? Or my brother?" It was only a split second, the hesitation. The step back. The shock and guilt in her eyes, before she looked away. "I – you, of course – " But I had always been able to read people. "You used me. To get to him," I said quietly; and that was all it took. Attalaen crumbled. "Kira, I'm sorry . . . I didn't mean . . . I do want to be friends, I do . . . " I struggled to find words, but none came. So I did what seemed to be my wont in those days: I turned and ran, this time all the way home. After being severely scolded for leaving five-year-old Amir to walk home alone, I was told to spend the afternoon weeding the back garden, ostensibly as punishment – although Mother and I both knew that I would have had to do it anyway. I had just started on the third row, trying to ignore the sounds of hoofbeats and muffled voices, when Amir came running, jumping up and down in excitement. "Guess who's here?" I gathered up my hair and held it against the back of my head to get it off my neck. "Who?" My little brother pouted. "Guess!" "Your friend from the village. A doctor for the elf. I don't know, Amir." "Close. It's about the elf." "Really? I tried to think of who might come see him. Might as well be as fanciful as possible. "An envoy from an elf kingdom." "Nope!" "Somebody from Minas Tirith." "Closer," he sang, giggling, "you're gettin' closer!" "Is there a Head of Elf Relations? Just tell me!" "The king!" he burst out, unable to keep it in any longer. "The king! An' he didn' have an escort or anything!" I was just letting this sink in – the king himself, on our farm! – when Mother yelled from the house. "Kira! Now!" "Go tell Father and Olath," I murmured to Amir as though in a dream. "Olath knows. He took care o' the horse." "Go tell Father then." Amir would only get underfoot in the house. Under normal circumstances I would have grumbled, "You only called me once, " when I came in, but in the presence of the king I restrained myself. For he was there, truly, having already taken a seat next to the elf in the corner. "Yes ma'am?" I murmured with proper respect, which I rarely showed. "His Majesty wishes to speak with you." My mother inclined her head toward the bed in the corner, king and elf. "I must go – Tana's baby is sick again." Tana's eldest child was hovering in the door, staring wide-eyed at the king. Obediently, I went to the king and dipped an awkward curtsey, saying the words an old friend's sister had insisted we use should we ever meet anyone important (as unlikely as that had seemed at the time): "'Tis a pleasure to make your aquai – " "None of that," the king said. His voice was much gentler than I had expected, given his rugged appearance. His hair was straggling, falling just to his shoulders in wavy clumps. His clothes were plain and filthy, smelling strongly of horse. He looked, all in all, very much like a man who had been traveling hard without rest. He said, "How long has he been like this?" I had been so fixated on Elessar that I had forgotten the elf. "Oh – three days. Since we found him." "Three days?" Frowning, the king reached for the elf's hand, only to have him moan and pull away. Elessar winced slightly. "And the fever has not broken?" "Not fully, sir, but it's not always this bad. My mum knows lots of diseases, but not one like this." "Disease?" The king's eyes widened. "Public education," he muttered to himself. "As if I need more to worry about . . . " I did not understand, so I remained silent. He looked at me piercingly. "What wounds does he have?" How did he know? None were visible any longer. "He was all cuts and scrapes and bruises at first, but they've gone. There in one gash on his arm that hasn't healed." Elessar looked at the elf, who was mumbling to himself again. The king touched his shoulder first, gently, murmuring words in a language I could not understand. Once the elf had stopped shifting under his touch and lay somewhat still, the king reached for his arm, slid up the sleeve, and carefully unwound the bandage. "That's our last, my lord," I said softly. "I have more." He probed the wound with gentle fingers; at the elf jerked his arm away, moaning. "Infected." "We couldn't stop it," I apologized. "Our herb supply is limited, and much this year has gone to Tana's baby." He didn't look at me, only instructed, "Get me some warm water, please." I took the kettle off the fire and brought it to him, since water from the well would be nothing resembling warm. He thanked me distractedly, already in motion, pouring some into a water skin from his battered-looking pack. To the rest he added his own herbs. A few I recognized as they fell from his deft fingers: herbs for fever and pain. Others I had never seen before. With me still watching him quietly, Elessar dipped a cloth in his potion and cleaned the elf's arm. He seemed so absorbed that I jumped when he held