CHAPTER ONE " Half the World Away " DISCLAIMER: The characters and story plot of the Harry Potter franchise do NOT belong to me, I am just one of the many privileged enough to write on J.K Rowling's marvelous novel series. With the light screen of smoke clearing from the Hogwarts battlefield, those survivors of the final battle came to lay eyes upon a battered Harry Potter standing victoriously over the crumpled, lifeless form of Voldemort. Clothes ripped and torn, Harry stood a rigid stance even with the open cuts he had with blood trickling down his face, his expression was distant as if lost in some far off place contemplating all reasons of the world. Around him, chaos brewed. Families and friends of the fallen wandered aimlessly about the devastated landscape collecting the dead or providing what help they could to the injured, the fire in some parts of Hogwarts castle continued to rage in the distance. Even amidst all the heartbreak and terror, one sight in particular caught Harry's eye, a group of redheads huddled over a motionless body, the sounds of their cries reached his ears and forced him to turn away, even from the alluring gaze of one of the redheads in particular. He couldn't bear to see the pain he himself felt solely responsible for, if only he had tried harder he thought, if only he had been quicker, stronger, perhaps then no one would have had to taste the loss of a loved one. Casting a final look to the dead body of his nemesis, Harry gritted his teeth and clutched his wand in a knuckle cracking grip. The dead wizard at his feet had ruined everything, his future, his past, his present, and now with him gone, Harry felt surprisingly alone. It had been a constant battle through out the years, a stable factor in his life, and now with the villainous Slytherin dead, Harry just didn't know what to feel other than regret, loss, and sadness. Not for the murderer of his parents, but for everything he wasn't able to prevent or do. He needed to get away from it all, from everyone and everything, he needed to collect himself, go somewhere where he could live and do what he wanted without bringing misery or pain to those he cared for. They needed a life without him, after-all, how could they forgive him for not living up to their expectations? They were better off without him as he figured, it was for their own good just as much as it was for his. Taking a few stumbling steps away from everything that surrounded him, Harry took in the faces of those he had ever held close in his heart one last time before vanishing into the Forbidden Forest, a crack of splitting thunder echoing after him as he disapperated away from all that had made up his life. From the family that accepted him, to the friends that were there for him, and the girl that waited for him, he left them all behind. ( It was two and a half months after the final conflict of the second wizarding war, and the wizarding world still reeled from its effects. Many of those responsible for the darker events of the war were still on the loose if not in hiding or imprisoned, missing people were still unaccounted for, and the rebuilding effort of all that was destroyed continued on even with a constant renewing pledge of dedication of many of the secret wizarding worlds inhabitants. In all that time, not once had the boy-who-lived surfaced into the public eye for long, all links to him had been severed. It was only the rare reports of sitings of him that let the people know the savior of their world was still in fact alive. ) Laying belly down on her bed with her chin propped up in her hands and her elbows giving support from the mattress, Ginevra Molly Weasley was lost in deep thought, her mind revolving around the one thing -or person in this case- that always seemed to claim her thoughts, Harry Potter. Or the git-who-left as she liked to refer to him as. She fumed constantly over his selfish decision to just uproot and leave everyone who cared for him behind, not even a letter or fire call to let them know he was okay, not even to her. Rolling on to her back, she stared up at the ceiling which held host to a poster of Gwenog Jones who flew merrily through the air on her broomstick, waving enthusiastically to the crowd that watched her in the background. Why couldn't Harry be like her? Not a woman per-say, but someone who could just deal with their fame instead of cowering from it and choosing to be a hermit instead, or so were her ideas on why he left, because really? Why else would he just leave like that. Huffing a sigh, who was she kidding? Ginny thought. He left probably because of her, he couldn't bring himself to tell her he wasn't interested anymore. Then why the kiss just before he left at Bill and Fleur's wedding? Did she press herself on him that day, is that why he did it? Merlin, the boy was making her insane with his leaving, she had so many questions and no answers. Not that she was the only one looking for answers or him, right after the final battle and the arrangements to Fred's funeral had been conceived, Ron and Hermione went off in search for him. In the months since then they had tried looking everywhere they thought him to go, Potter Cottage in Godric's Hollow, Number 12 Grimmauld Place, Privet Drive, Diagon Alley and its counterpart Knockturn Alley. All that was left to search for known places he could be to them was Hogsmeade and it's surrounding areas, which Ron and Hermione were currently investigating. Again not that Ginny was holding out for any hope of them actually finding him, she had already began to prepare herself for the words she knew she would hear, ' We're Sorry, Gin', he just wasn't there, we checked every mouse hole, nook and cranny. He'll turn up sooner or later, if we don't find him before then of course. ' Sitting up, Ginny crawled off her bed and slid into a pair of maroon flip-flop slippers on her way to the main floor of the Burrow. The heavenly scent of a freshly cooked breakfast could be smelt and heard sizzling from the staircase down, she needed to occupy her mind on something other than, Harry Potter for once. Stepping into the kitchen she found her mother as usual hovering over the stove preparing the next stage of her recipe, and her father seated at the table with the Daily Prophet in his hands. "Good morning, Mum, Dad." Ginny greeted, reaching her arms high above her head for a morning stretch. "Mornin' Ginny, sleep well?" Mr. Weasley asked, not taking his eyes off the morning paper. "I think I did," Ginny replied as she dropped her arms back down to her sides and headed towards the table where the still sizzling bacon rested. "Good morning, Ginny, and don't you go eating that just yet, be a dear and pass me those eggs please." Mrs. Weasley asked, turning around to envelope her daughter in a tight hug before pointing out a basket of eggs on the far counter of the kitchen. "Sure, Mum," Ginny said, switching her course of path to appease her mothers wishes. Placing the basket in her mothers reach, she looked around with raised brows. "So... Where is everyone?" "Hmm?" Mr. Weasley mumbled, looking up over the top of his paper. "Oh yes, almost forgot, Charlie finally returned back to Romania early this morning, he sends his regards and apology for not saying good-bye, it was a last moments decision to return he said. Also George I think decided to finally go and pay that shop of his a visit, he said he'd try to be back as soon as he could. And as for Ron and Hermione, well you know as well as we do where they are off at." Ginny nodded. "Well that answers for just about everyone then. What about the Prophet, anything interesting in there for once?" "Same old, same old. You know how it is, nothing is to interesting anymore, which is just how I like it if you ask me." Mr. Weasley answered, turning the page of his paper. "I like it just the same, dear," Mrs. Weasley said, placing a plate of stacked toast down on the table and giving her husband a peck on the cheek as she did so. "Do you have any plans for the day, Ginny?" "No, I just plan on loungin' 'round here, waiting for Ron and Hermione," replied Ginny, taking a seat at the table and grabbing a piece of bacon. "Speaking of them, they didn't happen to say when they hoped to be back did they?" "Can't say I remember, but knowing Ronald, the boy wont be missing breakfast." Mrs. Weasley said in a tone that suggested it was a matter of fact instead of a guess. Ginny cracked a small smile. "Knowing, Ron', he's probably already had breakfast and is going to be coming here looking for a second one at some point." Two loud POP'S! just outside of the tall leaning household of the Burrow seemed to justify both Ginny and Mrs. Weasley's words. As expected, the side door to the kitchen was thrown open to reveal a shaggy redhead, with sorrowful eyes and a sophisticated looking bushy haired brunette. Both of whom bore weathered travelling cloaks and suitably disappointed expressions. "Ron', dear. Hermione, you've made it just in time for breakfast, please take a seat, it'll be ready in just a second." Mrs. Weasley said, she rushed over with a smile and ushered them in towards the table. "Thank you very much, Mrs. Weasley." Hermione said, pulling on the clasp that held her cloak together. Taking it off, she draped it over the back of her chair and took a seat. She didn't meet Ginny's gaze. "How many times must I tell you, please call me, Molly. And you are very welcome." Mrs. Weasley said, bustling about the kitchen to put the last few finishing touches to the morning meal. Hermione nodded with a smile before looking right to Mr. Weasley and questioning him about the paper he read, and the articles it contained. An innocent enough conversation if Ginny didn't know it to be for what it was, an avoidance of providing her with bad news. So since Hermione was playing hard to get, Ginny fixed her focus on her brother who squirmed under her intense stare. "Well?" Ginny asked at last. "Well what?" Ron' replied slowly. "You know plenty well what I mean, did you find him?" she questioned. "Uh, sorry, Gin', we looked everywher-" Ron' started until he mumbled off as his sister let out a disgruntled sigh. "I get it, trust me, no need to explain it all to me again," Ginny said, leaning back in her chair and crossing her arms over her chest. "That about does it, doesn't it? We've had to have checked just about everywhere he could be by now, haven't we?" Ron' looked over to Hermione as if expecting her to bail him out of answering. She didn't come to his rescue. "... It's hard to say we've 'checked everywhere' right? 'Cause who knows, he might be very well off somewhere else in the world, maybe he's in Asia or somethin', he doesn't necessarily have to be here in England." "But all the reports of people seeing him suggests otherwise." Ginny countered defensively, it was outrageous in her mind for Ron' to even suggest that Harry could just up and go live in a foreign