Integrity Chapter 1 Another day, another book Author's notes: As I've said before I don't own Percy Jackson and The Olympians, The Heroes of Olympus. Everything in bold belongs to Rick Riordan. Enjoy! One more thing before we start. To Everyone who wants to know. I'm doing all the Percy Jackson and the Olympians books, Plus the short story 'The Singer of Apollo', The Demigod Files, The Demigod Diaries, and The Heroes of Olympus books, including the Blood of Olympus. I've ever considered having them read the Official Guide to PErcy Jackson and The Olympians...I'm not sure about that idea though. And I even briefly considered later (probably after the end of the war) having them read The Kane Chronicles, The Son of Sobek, The Staff of Serapis, and when it comes out The Crown of Ptolemy. Also The Magnus Chase series. But I'm getting Way ahead of myself. For now I'm just going to concentrate on this fanfiction of them reading The Titan's Curse for the time being. The Seven Chosen Heroes, Reyna, Nico, Clarisse, Luke, Chiron and the two satyrs Grover, and Coach Hedge had taken a much needed long break. They had eaten dinner together (though it took some convincing from Jason to get the Son of Hades to join them), and they had decided to put off the third book until the next day. Since they were all tired and somewhat dirty, they had all taken showers and decided to get ready for bed. Chiron and Coach Hedge shared his room on the Argo II with the Centaur Chiron. Annabeth and Percy were of course sharing his room. Tartarus had done a real number on them and the elder satyr didn't even say a thing about it. Grover and Luke would be sharing Annabeth's room. Clarisse would be sharing with Piper. Hazel had offered to let Reyna room with her; which the daughter of Bellona gratefully accepted. And with a lot of persuasion Jason had gotten Nico to stay with him for the night. "I think that you should tell them." The two boys, Jason and Nico were in his room settling in for the night. "Tell who what?" The Son of Hades looked up at him from where he laid on an blown up air mattress on the floor of Jason's room. Jason sat on his bed in his pajamas, a white tank top with blue and white checkered pajama pants. The Son of Jupiter sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Nico, I think you should tell the rest of the Seven, Reyna, Coach and the others on the ship about what happened in Croatia." "No." The Ghost king replied adamantly. "Nico," Jason started again. "I don't want them to know." Nico argued. "They'll judge me." "No they won't." Jason protested. "Yes they will. Everyone always does. I'm the sons of Hades ." Jason sighed. "Nico, none of us here care about who your godly parent is. And they won't care about...any of that." Nico turned away and pulled the blanket over his head promptly ignoring the Son of Jupiter. Jason sighed in frustration. He pulled the covers up and decided to go to bed. "Why did he tell Jason and not me?" Percy asked Annabeth. "I've known him longer!" The two of them were back in Percy's room in their pajamas ready to go to bed. "I don't know Percy." The daughter of Athena said. "Maybe when we were...gone they got closer." "Why won't Nico tell me what's going on though?" Percy looked frustrated. "I mean one minute he's angry over how people have treated me. The next minute he's ignoring me and acting like he can't stand me." Annabeth sighed. "Percy, maybe he just doesn't feel comfortable telling us what's going on." "But we've known him for four years!" "Just because we've known him the longest, doesn't mean that we really know him." She told him. "Maybe he was just upset and Jason happened to be there." "Still," Percy sat on the bed with Annabeth. "Why won't he tell me?" "I don't know Percy." She admitted. "Come on we should get to bed. We have another big day tomorrow. We're going to read the third and fourth books." "Don't remind me." He groaned. "I bet they're both in my Point of View too." "Probably." "Fantastic." The next morning after they had all eaten breakfast (Nico with some wheedling from Hazel, Reyna and Jason), they all took seats and were ready to start the next book. A flash of light temporarily blinded the others and after it faded they saw four people. "What's going on?" Will Solace asked. "Hera's summoned all of you to read these books about Percy's Adventures." Annabeth announced. "It's supposed to help us learn everything about each other. Apparently we need that to help us succeed in the war against Gaea." "Why must we read about a boy's adventures?" They turned in shock to see Zoe Nightshade, The former lieutenant of Artemis. "Zoe... but...what...how... you're dead!" Thalia said. "What does thou mean? I am very much alive." Zoe frowned in confusion. "Wait, where we you before you were brought here?" Piper asked. "We were getting ready to leave for our quest to rescue Lady Artemis." One of the other girls spoke. Nico looked up in shock. He recognized that voice. "Bianca?" Hazel looked at the olive skinned girl. "That's Bianca?" She looked at Nico for confirmation. Nico's voice seemed to abandon him. He could only look at his younger sister and nod. He stared at his elder sister as if he couldn't believe that he was there. "Nico?" Bianca said. "Is that really you?" She couldn't believe how different he looked. He was dressed in black jeans, a black skull t-shirt, black steel-toed boots, and a black aviator jacket, along with a skull ring. What had happened to change her brother so drastically in the future? What had happened to the fun loving, energetic little kid brother of hers? He nodded again, staying silent. He couldn't didn't say anything for fear that he might break down. He couldn't afford that right now. Zoe seemed to noticed Thalia's outfit for the first time. "You are a Hunter of Artemis in the future?" She looked shocked. "Before you would not leave that because of that boy ." She glared in Luke's direction. Luke avoided the Hunters' gazes. "It will probably be explained in the book." Reyna replied. "Well, if we're here to read these books shouldn't we get started?" The Oracle asked. "By the way.." She pulled the Son of Poseidon and the daughter of Athena into a crushing embrace." "I'm so glad that you two are okay." They returned the hug gladly. Rachel took a set beside Annabeth. Zoe sat beside Rachel and Bianca sat beside her with Hazel on her other side. "It's Leo's turn now to read." Frank reminded them. Jason got the book and handed it to the fire-user. Nico tore his eyes away from his older sister and turned his attention to the third book. "Percy Jackson & The Olympians Book 3: The Titan's Curse." Leo read. He turned to the first page and began to read. Chapter 1: My Rescue Operation Goes Very Wrong The Friday before winter break, my mom packed me an overnight bag and a few deadly weapons and took me to a new boarding school. We picked up my friends Annabeth and Thalia on the way. It was an eight-hour drive from New York to Bar Harbor, Maine. Sleet and snow pounded the highway. Annabeth, Thalia, and I hadn't seen each other in months, but between the blizzard and the thought of what we were about to do, we were too nervous to talk much. Except for my mom. She talks more when she's nervous. By the time we finally got to Westover Hall, it was getting dark, and she'd told Annabeth and Thalia every embarrassing baby story there was to tell about me. "So you could black mail him if you wanted to?" Leo said with a mischievous grin. "Maybe..." Thalia trailed off with a smirk. Percy groaned in reply. Thalia wiped the fog off the car window and peered outside. "Oh, yeah. This'll be fun. " Westover Hall looked like an evil knight's castle. It was all black stone, with towers and slit windows and a big set of wooden double doors. It stood on a snowy cliff overlooking this big frosty forest on one side and the gray churning ocean on the other. "Sounds cozy." Rachel said sarcastically. "Are you sure you don't want me to wait?" my mother asked. "No, thanks, Mom, " I said. "I don't know how long it will take. We'll be okay. " "But how will you get back? I'm worried, Percy. " They smiled at that. Percy's mom really was the best. I hoped I wasn't blushing. It was bad enough I had to depend on my mom to drive me to my battles. "It's okay, Ms. Jackson. " Annabeth smiled reassuringly. Her blond hair was tucked into a ski cap and her gray eyes were the same color as the ocean. "We'll keep him out of trouble. " My mom seemed to relax a little. She thinks Annabeth is the most levelheaded demigod ever to hit eighth grade. "That's because she is." Thalia remarked. The others nodded. They completely agreed with the daughter of Zeus. She's sure Annabeth often keeps me from getting killed. She's right, but that doesn't mean I have to like it. "All right, dears, " my mom said. "Do you have everything you need?" "Yes, Ms. Jackson, " Thalia said. "Thanks for the ride. " "Thalia's being polite?" Nico said surprised. The others laughed while Thalia glared at him. "Extra sweaters? You have my cell phone number?" "Mom-" "Your ambrosia and nectar, Percy? And a golden drachma in case you need to contact camp?" "Mom, seriously! We'll be fine. Come on, guys. " She looked a little hurt, and I was sorry about that, but I was ready to be out of that car. If my mom told one more story about how cute I looked in the bathtub when I was three years old, I was going to burrow into the snow and freeze myself to death. There were some raised eyebrows at this sentence. Annabeth and Thalia followed me outside. The wind blew straight through my coat like ice daggers. Once my mother's car was out of sight, Thalia said, "Your mom is so cool, Percy. " "She's pretty okay, " I admitted. "What about you? You ever get in touch with your mom?" Jason and Thalia winced at the mention of her. The others looked at them worriedly. The son of Jupiter just smiled tensely in response while Thalia avoided their gazes. As soon as I said it, I wished I hadn't. Thalia was great at giving evil looks, what with the punk clothes she always wears-the ripped-up army jacket, black leather pants and chain jewelry, the black eyeliner and those intense blue eyes. But the look she gave me now was a perfect evil "ten. " "If that was any of your business, Percy-" "We'd better get inside, " Annabeth interrupted. "Grover will be waiting. " Thank the gods for Annabeth. They thought. If she hadn't interrupted them who knows what would have happened. Thalia looked at the castle and shivered. "You're right. I wonder what he found here that made him send the distress call. " I stared up at the dark towers of Westover Hall. "Nothing good, " I guessed. "No really?" Grover commented with an eye roll. The oak doors groaned open, and the three of us stepped into the entry hall in a swirl of snow. All I could say was, "Whoa. " The place was huge. The walls were lined with battle flags and weapon displays: antique rifles, battle axes, and a bunch of other stuff. I