PROLOGUE In my family, there's my infinitely perfect older sister Bella, then there's me.. I'm the kid who gets ignored or written off. I'm the one who's constantly screwing up, always in some kind of trouble or another. Bella can do no wrong. Everything I've ever done is wrong. She's always had good grades, she looks gorgeous and everyone falls at her feet to worship, it seems like. I guess that's one of the reasons I'm in the fix I'm in that got me moved back to Forks.. See, I'm being forced to move in with our father now because I'm supposedly heading straight down a path that my mother seems to think is going to screw up my whole life totally. And I don't want to admit it, but she's kinda right about it. And it scares me.. But not as much as going back to Forks does.. In Forks, I'll be buried so far beneath my older sister's perfect shadow I'll never dig my way out. It's why I stopped going to Forks when we were kids. Everybody loved her.. And when I say everybody, I mean literally everybody. Like I said before, when Bella stopped going to visit our father, I stopped too. Figured he wouldn't want the black sheep kid underfoot. I haven't been back to Forks since I was probably about 9 or so.. And the last time I was there, I told myself I'd never go back. But I was told once by a wise person, never say you won't do something.. because usually, when you say you won't do it, that's the very thing you wind up doing.. So, here I am, moving back to Forks... And that's where the adventure all begins... The drive in from the bus station Charlie picked her up from had been filled with tense silence. Neither father nor his youngest, Carlie, spoke much. If they did, they probably would've fought. Carlie, of course, was your typical rebellious free spirited 16 year old teenager, and she had a notoriously short fuse temper wise, that her father and her older sister liked to say came from Renee, not either of them, they were much calmer than that. "I'm still having a hard time understanding why in the heck you'd go to a party that you knew there would be no adult supervision at, and drinking, and how you wound up coming back to Renee's in the back of the cop car in the first place, Carlie." her father finally said, his warm brown eyes fixed on her intently, full of parental concern. It wasn't uncommon.. Carlie knew that she was the family screw up for lack of a better term. She often found herself on the receiving end of concerned and confused looks, or a lecture. Or being grounded. This kinda stuff never happened to her perfect older sister, Bella, of course. The thought made Carlie scowl as she bit her lower lip and said through gritted teeth while staring straight out the windshield at the road leading into the small town of Forks, "I'd really rather not talk about it.. Okay?" "That kind of thing will not be tolerated here. I mean it." Charlie said firmly as he added under his breath "I've already got my hands full with your older sister Bella and this new boyfriend of hers." Just the mention of Edward fucking Cullen made a shiver trail slowly down her spine. She'd met the guy once exactly, when she and her mother, her mother's new husband Phil had still been living in Phoenix, before he switched minor league baseball teams and wound up in Florida. The guy gave her the creeps. The guy, if you asked her, was a fucking creep. But the mental image of holier than thou, perfect, innocent little Bella in deep shit for once made her laugh and remark dryly, "Funny, Charlie.. But we both know she's practically perfect." Charlie looked at his daughter for a moment, trying to figure out when she started to think of the remaining three members of her own family as 'the enemy' and just where he and Renee went wrong as parents that would explain her escapades as of late. Between his oldest daughter's bad boy fetish and his youngest's outlaw tendencies, he had the distinct feeling he'd have a thick head of white hair by the time all this was sorted out and the girls were grown, their teenage years safely behind them. That is, if Bella didn't throw her life away on this Cullen kid and Carlie didn't wind up in jail or in a grave or something. "So... What'd she do?" "He moved and now she refuses to leave her room.. I've even had to resort to forcing her to go out with her friends and have a life.. This was after we found her in the woods after she'd been missing overnight, of course. It's like this guy has some kind of hold on her." Charlie said, noting that Carlie seemed to be practically gloating at the moment, enjoying this news about her older sister entirely too much. "It's not a good thing." Charlie stated firmly, tense as he drove them through the small and almost immaculate main strip of Forks Washington. Carlie rolled her eyes when he wasn't looking and slid out a piece of spearmint chewing gum, unwrapping it, slipping it into her mouth. She'd kill for a smoke right now. She'd be doing even better if she were back in Florida, soaking up the sun on the beach or riding her best friend Mary's jet ski or something. But, alas, she was here.. In rainy and gloomy Washington. She could feel the air thickening already, she could feel herself disappearing and fading into obscurity even now. She raked a hand through her dyed dark blonde and caramel brown highlighted long hair and sighed in contempt. She hadn't wanted to move to her dad's. That had been her mother's decision after one too many 'wake up calls' failed to reach her uncaring and unlistening ears. She knew this, she wasn't an idiot. It didn't mean, however, that she had to just go along with it and be happy, smile all the time about it. Because frankly, she wasn't happy about it at all. "And your mother said you got a tattoo? You know how I feel about those." "And I told her, Charlie, it's not a big deal. I got a friend to do mine, it has a meaning. I'm not just doing it to do it, this tattoo really means something to me." "What?" Charlie asked as she sighed and looked out the passenger window then said "You wouldn't get it, okay? Let's just not talk, sir. We always wind up fighting and I'm sick and damn tired of arguing. It does nobody any good." "Good idea." Charlie muttered as she jammed the earbuds into her ears and cranked up the sound on her Iphone so loudly that she thought her ears would bleed from the heavy metal blasting into them. She tapped her faded red Converse against the floorboard of her father's police cruiser and let her eyes dart around, take in the limited sights of small town Forks Washington. Meanwhile, Bella sat in her room going back over everything that had happened to her lately, what was about to happen now with the arrival of her little sister. They hadn't ever actually gotten along for more than ten minutes tops. She was quiet, solemn and studious, Carlie was wild, daring and outgoing. And truth be told, Bella resented her baby sister for that. No matter what stupid thing she got herself into, Carlie always managed to get out of it on her own.. Bella, on the other hand, had to rely on everyone else to get her out. And this pissed Bella off greatly. She wished she were as independent and feisty as her baby sister was known for being. Just not as good at getting into and making trouble and chaos. God only knew she had enough of that in her life currently. She stared at the cell phone in her lap and bit her lower lip, debated on leaving Jacob yet another text message. He hadn't been coming around much lately. It bothered her. He was her best friend, she depended on him for everything lately. Jessica, Angela and the others at Forks High had turned their backs on her when she had her post breakup freakout. The slamming of a car door in the driveway below her window and the filtering in of loud arguing had her sighing in a resigned way. She was going to hate this situation already, she could just sense it. Her sister being around was going to be an absolute pain in her ass. She stood and tiptoed to the window, peering out the curtain and down into the yard below, watching her father and her baby sister unloading the remainder of her baby sister's things. "Great.. Now I'll have to deal with her crap constantly. " Just as she stepped away from the window, she heard the faintest howl of a lone wolf near the woods that surrounded the back of the house. "Well I know he's on patrol most likely. Avoiding me but on patrol." Bella thought to herself as she flopped back down into the chair at her desk. In the woods nearby, Embry Call ran in wolf form, alone. It was his turn to patrol and he'd caught the scent hanging on the air, cherries.. They had his mouth watering, which when you considered he didn't actually eat cherries often, that was saying something. He swore as a branch caught him in the side, poking, but he didn't stop his determined run, his nose leading the way by now. Behind him he could hear the howls of his pack but he paid them no mind for now. He'd heard all the stories about imprinting, about how great it was, and how badly it could go, and he was almost the only one left in their pack currently that actually hadn't imprinted on anyone other than Leah. So he had to know, at least, if that was what happened to him. The white fence that seperated the Swan's yard from the woods approached closer and closer and he stopped in his tracks. No, it couldn't be Bella, not that leech loving bimbo. He could hear Jacob's thought on that, and he knew that if a double imprint were to happen, there would be a fight to the death almost... Or the girl would have to make the choice. And he knew that if it were Bella, he'd be on the losing end of that choice. Something nagged at him, though and he thought about something Bella had said in an earlier voicemail to Jacob, something about Carlie being forced to move to Forks because she'd gotten into a lot of trouble in Florida, how Bella needed Jacob to come over right this second, she needed her best friend with her. Jacob, of course, had ignored the call and deleted the voicemail after listening to it and rolling his eyes. It wasn't a secret among the pack that Jacob was fed up with coming in second to Edward Cullen even though he was still gone for the moment. Long story short, Jacob was pretty much done with Bella at this point and Embry doubted that their friendship would ever be fixed. He cleared his mind of any and all thoughts Bella related, just so he wouldn't get his ass kicked by Jacob when back in human form, and then peered curiously through the large bushes running along the fence that kept the yard and the woods seperate. As soon as she stepped out of the police cruiser, scowling in anger, eyes darting around warily, he couldn't take his eyes off of her. A slow burning white