"I am rooted, but I flow." Virginia Woolf Annabeth Chase Let me explain. See, my dad has this thing: agoraphobia. He has a fear of being in public and leaving the house. In turn, he won't let me leave. Ever. I haven't been in the outside world in ten years. My dad isn't like the other people who have this illness. My dad is paranoid. He is utterly terrified of any other human being besides me and Travis, but even then my father doesn't talk to him. He lets me answer the door when people knock, which is rare, but it is strictly prohibited for me to leave my house. I've never tried, but I'm scared too. See, my dad has implanted this vision of Outside. He says that people are cruel, that they are heartless. They let you have false hope. They let you thrive, survive and love that hope. Then they let you crash and burn. He says he keeps me inside to protect me from the people. To keep me from being killed. Emotionally and physically. He only wants the best for me. And that means that I can't leave. Ever. He doesn't leave either. It comes with the phobia. He hides when Travis comes and he rarely ever come out of his office or the basement. I can't even go outside to the backyard. He says that the government might be watching, waiting, wanting us to slip up so they can show the world how much of a fool we are. But I do research. Research that proves how wrong my father is. How the world isn't all that bad. And I want out. I want to Live, love, be normal. I want to go Outside. But I can't. Not now at least. We have a 'friend'. More of a deliverer, who brings us the necessities. Books, food, clothes, packages, mail. He's a cool guy. His name is Travis, he's my only friend. Truthfully, he's the only other person I talk to besides my dad. And he's my age, so that makes him my friend. And I like talking with Travis. He teaches me things about the world, about Outside. He tells me about the kids who go to his school, and the pranks he pulls with his younger brother. He tells me about his girlfriend, Katie, and how it feels to be in love with her. He tells me what it feels like to ride a bike, or go swimming, or run, or stand in the sunlight. Yeah, he's my friend. I can't sneak out, trust me, I've tried. My dad installed a system into our house that sends signal to him whenever any windows, doors, or the garage open. Except for my bedroom window. I broke that sucker off years ago. But, even if I tried, I couldn't escape, my room is on the second floor, which is a long and hard fall where I could only land on a brick walk or a ton of rose bushes, that have thorns. Neither sound very welcoming. Now, you might be wondering how we can afford all this stuff. My dad still has a job. He works from home, obviously. He does research for a big science-y company who pay him for literally looking things up on the internet. Anyway, he does get payed big bucks so Travis gets a huge tip on his birthdays and holidays and pretty much everyday, but don't tell my dad. It wasn't always like this. My dad used to be normal. He used to practically drag me out of bed because he wanted to get out; to do something. But then my mother left, and my dad was planted with the idea that the whole world was just as cold and unforgiving as her. So he locked the world out, and us in, never to see the light of day again. Figuratively, of course. My house is a pretty boring place. Other than watching my father do his work, there really isn't much to do. Most of the time I would read books, but I found out a while ago that I have dyslexia, which doesn't bode well with someone who likes to read. I paint sometimes. Small things. Like a little daisy in the corner of my room. Other times I'll paint my entire wall a bright yellow, so that the window that's opposite of the wall will reflect light off of it and brighten my dull room. My window is one of my favorite pass times. I like to rest my elbows on the window sill and stare out into my neighborhood. I have a view of my neighbors house, which is empty because the McLeans moved out ages ago, and the street. Everyday I wake up early to watch people drive to work, walk their dogs, walk to school, be normal. Then everyday at 3:16 I go back to my window sill and watch the kids pile off of the bus and walk past my house. I always watch one boy in particular. He is easily the most handsome boy I have ever laid my eyes on. He looks very muscular, and I'm almost positive that I have heard one of his friends, an impish boy with too much energy, mention how he is on the schools football team. His electric blue eyes scan the world with interest, and his blonde hair looks like he is always outside, it looks sun kissed. He gives off a powerful aura. Like he is a natural born leader. He carries himself with such confidence, you can see it rolling off of him in waves. His gold-rimmed glasses give off the affect that he is well mannered and respectful, an intelligent soul, perhaps. He has a stern expression, until one of his noisy friends call his name-Jason-and he turns with a face splitting grin. It makes me grin back, even though it was never aimed towards me before. Jason looks so perfect, in every way. I can't say that I've never imagined him getting me out of this house. Or just helped me live before. The thought makes my heart speed up. He could be the perfect Prince Charming, or a knight in shining armor. My prince. Yes, I do admit, my imagination is a bit overwhelming and big, but it's what comes with being locked in a house twenty four-seven. Also, the fantasy books are my favorite. Which is why Princess Bride is my favorite movie. I know every line, you cannot challenge me to this. Once I watched the movie on loop for a whole week. I learned the movie backwards, forwards, and sideways. It was a very boring week. Sometimes, I draw to pass time, but my drawing skills are not always the best. They lack the precise quality called talent. Then one day, I saw the woman. It was a regular Tuesday and Travis had just left, he gave me a huge stack of books and strangely, a tone of carrots. I ate them while I watched the wind rustle the trees and I wished that I could feel that through my hair. I forgot what it was like. The feeling of wind rushing past your reddening face as you ran, or biked. I wanted more than anything, to be able to run, bike, swim, climb a damn tree, hell, I would've been fine if I fell out of the tree and broke my arm. Anything to just be out of the house. In case you haven't caught on, the backyard is also off-limits. My dad says that the government could be watching through the satellite and that I have to stay indoors if I want to survive the cruel world. Anyway, I was almost finished with my eighth carrot when a shiny black car, that I hadn't recognized, parked in the driveway of my vacant neighbors house. A woman who's entire demeanor screamed professionalism got out of the car with her perfect nose and chin held high. She had many wrinkles, from age, not smiles. Her brown hair was put into the most perfect bun I had ever seen, and her probably newly dry cleaned suit was pressed perfectly with absolutely no wrinkles, unlike her face. I noticed that she had no greying hairs, which means that she dyes her hair, the thought made me snort. I imagined her sitting politely with perfect posture in a hair salon for hours waiting for her hair to finish setting, passing the time by glaring at each passing customer. Her heels clicked the ground of the driveway, and she shut the car door, I noticed a clipboard in her hand, and I was suddenly so much more interested in what she was doing. She grabbed a pair of keys from her pocket and opened the front door of the house. Then she was gone. I sighed and sunk my teeth into my tenth carrot. I never left the window, I was too curious to leave just yet. I wanted to find out if she was moving in. God, I hoped she wasn't. I would never meet her, but I could just tell that no one would want to live within a mile radius of that woman. My interest spiked as I stared through the bedroom window that was opposite of mine, the perfect view into the house. I could see a light coming from the corner of the room, then the woman emerged through the door way. She stood, pretentious as ever, and glanced around the room, she then wrote something on her clip board. After a few seconds of never ending writing, she fanned herself with her hand as if the house was hot. Well, a summer of no air-conditioning will do that to a house. She walked to the window sill and slid the glass up, opening the window all the way, then she locked it. That window wasn't closing anytime soon. I ducked before she could see me, and I took a deep breath then ate another carrot. I slowly got up and turned to face the house, I stared into the window and saw that the woman had left. I took another deep breath and reached for another carrot. A wave of disappointment crashed over me when I felt nothing left in my bowl. I sighed and dragged myself down the stairs to wash the bowl. I was halfway to the kitchen when the doorbell rang. I froze. Surely this was a sales person, they'll go away, only if I keep very quiet. Ding dong! The noise rang out again. My dad came running from his office, sliding in his socks on the wooden floor. "Who?" He asked, breathless. I shrugged. "Go find out, I'll be in the basement. Not for hiding, I'll be looking for a new, um, thing. Be safe, Annabeth, and bring a weapon, and don't leave the house." He ran to his office again, which had the door to the basement in it, and I was alone again. This time there was a knock then a loud sigh. "Listen, I know you're in there. I heard you speaking, I just need to talk with you very briefly, then I'll be out of your hair." I sprinted to the kitchen to get a knife, like my dad said, but instead I got more carrots, but I forgot my bowl upstairs. So I walked to the door with a fist full of carrots. My hands shook as I unlocked the door with the non-carrot hand. I put my hand on the handle and slowly opened the door, it creaked like mad, from all the years of it not being opened. Travis delivered through the window in the laundry room, in case you were wondering. The woman was even weirder looking up close. Her wrinkles were more defined, especially with the sun setting, and her eyes were a clear blue, but a very dull