Title: To save a friend Rating: K+ Warning: Well, no real violence. Only very much emotional stuff to deal with. Many thoughts and feelings. Feedback: Yes, please. I live for feedback. Disclaimer: As all the other fanfiction authors, I do not own any of the places, characters, movie based things from the Tolkien universe. I own nothing. It all belongs to the rightful right holders. I am making no money with this story. It was written for enjoyment only. If this story appears somewhere else and money is made from it, it was without my permission and I do not benefit from it. Summary: Have you ever imagined why Pippin was so affected by the palantir? No? Well, we all know about the power of Sauron. But why was our beloved ranger not affected in the same way? He touched the seeing stone. He was unprepared, eager to save a friend. Was is Gandalf who helped him? Or maybe our elf friend? Or was there something else that happened to the future king? Was he saved at all? We all know how well the stubborn human can hide injuries. Read this story and find out. Author's note: This story was written for the Teitho contest „What if" and was my first fanfiction ever. It is written mostly from Legolas point of view. Any similarity with other stories are only coincidental and not on purpose (hey, there is so much fanfiction out there, you cannot know all of them). No slash. //thoughts// are thoughts What if…………………. The wind blew his hood softly around his stony face; cold in this starless night. Legolas's sea-blue eyes were shining bright in dark night, reflecting the silver stars that twinkled in the sky. But they were unseeing for the scenery, unseeing for the black land that lay spread beneath him. He did not see the wooden houses or abandoned fields. His view was directed eastwards. Towards the distant horizon and the evil that lurked there in the shadows, waiting and planning. Calculating and ever growing. He could almost feel the hatred against all that was good emanating from it, touching his very being, sneaking its way into his head and poisoning his soul. That was one of the reasons why he had come out here. To seen for himself that he was mistaken. That Sauron was not here. That he was still far away behind the mountains, where darkness reigned and death was its servant. For how long, no one knew, but the elf hoped long enough to build up some defense. Something that would save them. Something that would save Middle-earth, something….. anything. Legolas sighed deeply and shifted his stance. He had come out here in the middle of the night to find some solace, to ease his heart and refresh his tired mind. It had been hard days and a long night; he still couldn't believe he had drunken with Gimli only some hours ago. He had felt good then, and now…. He sighed again, more heartfelt this time. //Only I can feel like that after a night like this. No one else's mind would be troubled by such dark thoughts today. We have celebrated only hours ago. Enjoying that we are still alive and honoring our comrades by not falling into the shadow and grieving. But why can't I…, why can't I, hmmm, why can't I be like Gimli, enjoying life at any moment?// Legolas raised an elegant eyebrow, tilted his head, and after a moment of absolute stillness, shook his head. //Had he really thought that? Wishing to be like a dwarf.// Humph, Legolas snorted softly. //I need sleep. Definitely.// The elf drew his cloak tighter around his shoulders, looking to the east again. There it was again. The uneasiness. The feeling that something wasn't as it should be. Legolas felt suddenly as if he had missed something. Something he should knew but could not remember. Like reading a book he had read several times, but could not understand now, although he knew the language and content. Closing his eyes and trying to listen to what nature was telling him, Legolas concentrated on his surroundings. He felt the wind, touching his hair, face and eyes, like a soothing hand caressing his very being. It calmed him, as he was close to nature, as every Woodland elf, but he could feel a change in the wind. It whispered to him. From dark things, treacherous beings and from evil tidings. As the elf opened his eyes again he could feel the change. Distant and small still, but unmistakably there. //If Aragorn feels this too?// he thought. Legolas had been surprised when he had 'ended' his game with the dwarf and had found his human friend not celebrating, but in deep conversation with Gandalf. Legolas had not expected to see Aragorn laughing or dancing. No, not in this unsafe times after a battle and during a war, but he had hoped his friend would at least have one day without all the responsibility burdening his shoulders. The elf had not heard what the two had talked about, but from what he had read from just watching their faces, it wasn't something pleasant. // Besides me, only Aragorn would be up tonight.// And sure enough, Legolas could hear soft footsteps on the stones behind him. // I should have known.// he thought, a slightly worried frown marring his face. // He feels it too. The evil that comes.// Only a moment later, Legolas felt his friend reach his side, also starring in the night's darkness. The elf more sensed than heard Aragorn take a deep breath and release it slowly. For the elf a sure sign that his friend's mind was troubled. Aragorn lifted his head, scanning the inky black sky; looking, but not finding the star that he was looking for. Eärendil was not shining upon them tonight. "The stars are veiled. Something stirs in the east. A sleepless malice. The eye of the enemy is moving." Legolas told Aragorn. Nodding, Aragorn redirected his gaze towards the East. He felt it, too. A coldness sweeping from the east, touching his soul and eating at his heart. They did not know it, but both friends felt the same at that very moment. That something was to come that could change everything. That could destroy them. Or one of them. Forever. While the human and elf were searching the misty lands for any sign of peace bringing relief, each lost in his own musings, a small Hobbit wriggled his way through his sleeping companions, not knowing that he could bring the doom to all of Middle-earth and all good people. Outside of the building, Legolas shivered suddenly, but not from the night's cold. He felt as if his innermost was freezing to ice, a chilling cold like icy fingers crawling down his back. If his hair could have stood on end, it would have. Suddenly, he knew. With a clarity he had not had in a long time; a surety born out of the deepest fear possible. "He is here", he whispered, almost inaudible, but loud enough for Aragorn to hear. It send chills down the human's spine. Aragorn was a second quicker than the elf. He turned on the spot and raced back to the room he had just left, Legolas on his heels. The elf wondered how the Evil One could be here, in Edoras. // How was that possible? Had someone summoned him somehow? // Legolas could only hope that they were not already too late. As they had reached the sleeping chamber, where their friends rested, Aragorn burst through the door, unheeding of any possible danger. The sight that met Legolas's eyes when he followed him a moment later was frightening. The small Hobbit was writhing on the floor, clutching the Palantir to his chest. His face was one of anguish and pain. Merry was on his side, trying to help, but unable to do anything. The small Hobbit was yelling frantically for help. Legolas took a deep breath, ready to run forwards, to help the suffering Halfling, but again Aragorn was faster. He lunged forward and to the elf's horror, he grabbed the evil stone without any hesitation and yanked it out of the Hobbit's hands. Almost instantly the ranger fell to his knees, breathing hard, undoubtedly in pain. Legolas could see how his friend's hands clutched the palantir in the same way Pippin had done only moments prior. It seemed as if the man was unable to release his hold on it. Without thinking, Legolas threw himself forward and grabbed Aragorn's shoulders, trying to support him. Not a moment too late, as the human collapsed onto the stone floor, breathing hard, eyes starring at the palantir in his hands. The moment the elf wound his strong arms around his friend's shivering body, an evil spread through his spirit, burning and hurting. Legolas shut his eyes, trying desperately to block out the pain running through his body. If he had had the breath to do so, he would have screamed out loud. Although Legolas was in pain, a small part of him told him that he felt only a fragment of the pain Aragorn felt and the elf wasn't even connected with HIM. If Aragorn had to endure that much pain, it must kill him. //No. Not him. Not now/., Legolas grabbed his friend harder and concentrated on the pain, willing it to subside. After what seemed like an eternity to the elf, the pain subsided to a bearable level. Legolas opened his eyes and looked around. Gandalf was bent over a seemingly lifeless Pippin, while the others had awakened and stared at them. Legolas took a deep breath and looked at his friend in his arms. Aragorn still clutched the palantir in his hands, his eyes looking directly into the swirling abyss of red and gold. Sweat was on his brow and Legolas could feel the man's tense muscles. But to Legolas's surprise he saw no pain on the ranger's features. It seemed rather that the man was listening intently, his brow frowned slightly, his head tilted to one side. //As if mind and body are separated.// "Aragorn!" No reply. Not even a single muscle twitching. "Aragorn, listen to me." Legolas begged of his friend. He could feel how the strength left the human's body. Aragorn became paler by the moment. The elf's words had reached Gandalf and the old wizard turned and stiffened at what he saw. Taking one faltering step towards the duo, he stopped again. He turned and grabbed a piece of cloth before turning in the direction of the two friends again. Bending down, Gandalf held out his hand towards the palantir as if he wanted to grab it, only stopping at the last possible moment, inches above the stone. The prince saw how the old wizard took a deep breath, closed his eyes and, to the elf's terror, removed his hand again. Aragorn shuddered violently and Legolas strengthened his hold on his friend. "Gandalf! What are you doing? Help him." Old eyes met even older ones and the wizard looked sadly at the elf. "He is beyond my help." "No." Clutching Aragorn even more fiercely, Legolas shook his head in bewilderment. // How could Gandalf say such a thing?// Not accepting the wise Istar's words, Legolas burst out, "What you say is not rue. Remove the stone. Take it away. Gandalf, help him. Help him, Please!" Every minute they spent talking cost his friend more strength. Soon, there would not be enough left to keep Aragorn alive, Legolas knew. They had to do something. //Why did no one do anything? Was he the only one who saw that Aragorn was dying? Right there and then?// Gandalf had started speaking again, but Legolas was only listening half ways, as Aragorn had begun to shudder uncontrollably now, his muscles flexing and sending him from one spasm to