Title: Alone in the dark Warning: Violence, don't eat while reading. Rating: T Disclaimer: Not mine. Just playing with them. Summary: Legolas and Aragorn are not only caught by orcs, but held in a small, dark cave. Can they survive this ordeal? A/N: Aragorn is maybe 20 in this story. Futhermore, this is a re-post. I had posted this story a while ago but then decided quickly to delete it. Here is now the re-post. I have not changed the story, merely deleted some mistakes. Please note that the story is not beta-ed and that English is not my native tongue. The darkness of the cave was too absolute, the silence too still. A shuddered breath left his cracked lips, followed quickly by a sob that he could not suppress. Reaching out with bloody hands, he slid down the rough stone wall, unable to hold his weight on shivering legs any longer. Another sob escaped him, overshadowing the sound his body made when he hit the stony ground. He could not breathe, he could not think, he was lost in the darkness, alone. He drew his knees to his body and wrapped his arms around them, trembling. The coldness settled in his bones with crushing pain, and once more the silence of the cave pressed on his ears. When the first tear rolled down his dirty cheeks, he bedded his head on his knees, letting them flow freely in the darkness. The darkness made him weaker, made him loose hope, but the darkness was not the worst. He could fight against the darkness. It was the silence that beat him. This silence that told him only too clearly that he was alone now. They had taken him away from him, and he had not been able to stop them. They had killed him. And soon, they would come to take him, too. (what seemed like an eternity prior to these events) "In there with you, maggots." The orcs howled and cheered, shoving Legolas through the small tunnels of the orcs' lair in the western side of the Misty Mountains. The walls were rough and black, and whenever Legolas was thrown against them, he cut his clothing and arms on the rocks, leaving a trail of elvish blood behind, a macabre sign of his passing. The deeper they ventured inside the tunnel system, the darker it became. Only one of the foul beasts carried a torch, but the orcs had no problem seeing in the dark, and neither had Legolas. But he knew that his companion had, and Legolas feared for the young ranger who was dragged into the tunnels behind him. The orcs cheered and snarled at the young man, calling him names and telling him what they would do to him. It made Legolas's blood boil and freeze at the same time in fear for his friend. And whenever he heard the sound of his friend stumbling in the dark and falling to the ground, his heart constricted in sympathy and concern. Before long, the orcs that had grabbed his arms on both sides gave him a strong push, which propelled him inside a small cave, a few feet deep and not high enough to stand. He fell to his knees heavily, scraping them at the rough stone. But in the same moment he turned around quickly, for he knew that Aragorn would undergo the same treatment. The next moment, the young ranger was practically thrown through the small opening, just as Legolas had expected. He felt the weight of the man slam against him, toppling them both to the ground. The orcs howled with glee and laughter. "Sweet dreams." One of them said, before he spit on the ground at their feet. A crude looking but very stable iron door was shut, and they were left alone in the darkness. The heavy footsteps of the orcs vanished, and when all was silent, they finally dared to move. Aragorn rolled down from Legolas, releasing a shuddering breath. Legolas could see him blink a few times as if he tried to clear his vision, and he wondered whether the man had taken a blow to the head in the fight in which they had been captured. "Strider, are you alright?" He asked softly, feeling his own skin crawl, so close to the presence of the orcs. And if he was honest, his voice was not as steady as he would have wished it to be. Aragorn nodded, turning his face into the direction of Legolas's voice. "I'm fine." He said, a bit shaky. "How about you?" Aragorn asked, wriggling his wrists to test the bonds with which his arms had been bound behind his back. "Fine, I'm fine." Legolas lied, testing his bonds as well. The rope might have been old, but the knots held, much to his chagrin. Sighing, he looked around in the dark. Although he was an elf and had therefore better eyesight than the young ranger, he could not see much. The darkness in the cave was absolute, and even if they would have had a torch, Legolas quickly found that there was nothing to see. The cave they were in was small, with neither cracks in the ceiling nor any other visible features. A shuffling beside him made Legolas redirect his focus on the young ranger. He watched as Aragorn shifted again, grimacing slightly. With a small sigh the man shuffled backwards until his back hit one of the walls, stretching out his legs before him with another grimace. Although Legolas was not sure in the dark, he meant to see a darker spot on Aragorn's leg. Concerned, he scooted closer. "Strider? Where you injured in the fight?" Again the man turned his face into his direction, but Legolas knew he could not make out his face in the dark. Huge eyes looked straight through him, and Aragorn reminded Legolas of a lost child. "Not seriously. The orcs wanted to capture us, not kill us." "Not seriously?" Legolas asked skeptically. They had been on their way to Imladris and had left the Misty Mountains almost behind them, when they had been attacked by a large band of orcs in the night. The fight had been brutal, but quick. Although the two friends had slain many a foe, in the end the sheer mass of orcs had overwhelmed them. In Legolas opinion it was a miracle that they were both still alive at all. "Does it matter?" Aragorn asked dejectedly, letting his head rest against the wall in his back. "Let us face it, Legolas. We are caught by orcs, and they will do with us as they please." Scooting closer to the man, Legolas let himself sink down beside him, so that their shoulders touched. "Someone will find us. Your family will worry when we do not reach Imladris." He tried to make his voice sound optimistic, although deep inside he already knew that there would most likely be no escape this time. To his surprise, the man snorted softly beside him and commented with a small ironic laugh. "Can you imagine the lecture we would receive would my brothers ever find out about this?" Knowing that the man did not really expect an answer, Legolas gave none. Instead, he shifted closer towards the young ranger, hoping to give him some warmth and hope simply by being there beside him. It was silent for a few minutes, with nothing to hear but their soft breathing. Then suddenly, Legolas heard a soft whisper in the darkness, "Legolas? I'm scared." "Avo osto, Estel." (Have no fear). Legolas said equally as softly. "Your brothers will find us. As long as we stay together and stay strong, nothing these beasts can do can hurt us. I promise." Oh, but hurt them they did. They came in the night, for in the cave, where no light reached, there reigned an eternal night, a darkness so absolute that Legolas felt his own elvish glow diminish steadily, being sucked away by sheer blackness. When the footsteps neared the door, Legolas shook Aragorn awake, who had fallen asleep despite his fear and worry. A key rattled in the lock, and when the door was shoved open, the flickering glow of a torch filled the small cave. At first, they took Legolas with them. He did not resist, knowing that it would be fruitless. He would need his strength to survive whatever it was they had planned for him. And although his heart beat wildly in his chest and his hands became clammy, he turned around, looked at Aragorn and gave him a small smile. If it was the last time he saw the young ranger, then he did not want the man to remember him beaten and defeated. But it was not the last time he saw him. When the cheering of the orcs died down, when he felt his legs give out under him and his vision turn slowly darker, Legolas knew that he would see Aragorn again. He was taken from the wall where he had been hooked up and brought back to the small cell. His legs dragged across the floor, for he could not get his feet under him, and when he was thrown inside the cave and the floor rushed up to meet him, he knew that it was not over yet, not for a long time. And for the first time since they had been captured, Legolas felt a small pang of fear. And then, the felt nothing at all. When he woke up, still caught in the darkness, the first thing he became aware of was the soft voice that murmured soothing words to him. Rolling over and cringing at the pain in his chest his broken ribs caused him, Legolas gazed around. His movements caused the voice to stop, and a moment later Legolas felt someone scoot closer. "Legolas? Legolas, are you awake?" Aragorn asked, his voice barely above a whisper, as if the silence of the cave forced him to speak softly. "Aye, I'm awake now." His chest hurt, making his voice quiver slightly, and Legolas sank back to the ground tiredly. The orcs had not been kind to him, but not that bad either. They had played with him, toyed with him. There had been no intention to kill him. Not yet. "How do you feel? Are you hurt badly? I could not examine you properly in this cursed darkness." Concern swung in the question, and Legolas had to smile. Here the two of them were, caught by orcs and Aragorn was asking with true sincerity if he was hurt badly. Smiling beside the pain, Legolas shook his head, "Nay, do not worry Estel. I am not hurt that badly." When the worst of the pain in his chest died down, Legolas got on his hands and knees and moved over to sit beside the young ranger. Aragorn's hands were still tied behind his back, and so Legolas began to remove the bonds as gently as he could. And then, they sat in the darkness and waited. Aragorn did not ask his friend what the orcs had done to him, and Legolas did not tell. The next time, they came to take Aragorn with them. Despite his resolution to not fight them when they came, Aragorn could not help but struggle against the hands that clawed at him. Legolas saw how he tried to free himself from the orcs' grips, but the foul beasts simply kicked his feet out from under him, twisted his arms on his back and dragged him away into the darkness. And Legolas watched helplessly, unable to do anything. Swallowing, he sat down on the cold ground and waited. He did not have to wait long. He knew that the cave the orcs used to torture them was close, for he had been brought there, too. But either the cave was closer than he had thought, or Aragorn had