No Bravery Disclaimer: They belong to Tolkien and his heirs, not me. Summary: A hoard of orcs attacks the valley of Imladris, endangering all within. A/N: I am very happy to announce that this story made the2nd place at the Teitho Contest "Crossing Boarders". Chapter 1: A fatal decision The soft neighing of the horses floated down into the valley, echoing from the high cliff walls. It was dusk already and most lights were lit, bathing the elven settlement into a soft golden hue. The first silver stars glimmered in the sky, and had someone compared the sight to Laurelin the Tree of Gold and Telperion, the Tree of Silver, no one would have been surprised. Rivendell, or Imladris as it was called by the elves, lay silent and beautiful in the deep gorge formed by time itself, not yet knowing that soon pain, heartache and death would visit it. Under the watchful eyes of the elven guards, the group of riders made its way down the serpentine ways, passing high trees that grew here since centuries and withering flowers that had only lived for a short while. The wind whispered in the tree tops, telling of heavy rains that were to come, and the riders tightened their cloaks around their shoulders to staff off the chill of the evening. Fall was at the doorstep, and already the cold winds from Caradhras brought the promise of early snow. Soon, the clippity-clopp of the horses' hooves echoed around the courtyard, calling the stable hands. The elves greeted the riders politely but without many words, then guided the horses into the stables to brush them down, feed and water them. The animals had carried their riders for many days, and the dust of the road clung to their bodies. As it did to their riders, but they did not seem to care overly much. Tall the riders were, and broad shouldered. They all wore dark clothing of simple made, with neither adornments of any kind nor displaying any wealth. Only a seven pointed silver star at the left shoulder that held the cloak closed told of some ancient glory. Most of the men were dark haired, with bright, keen grey eyes. The eight riders stood in the courtyard for a moment, gazing silently at the great building rising in front of them. Before they could do anything, though, the huge double doors were opened and a tall elf exited, clad in rich robes. Lord Elrond Halfelven he was, lord of the valley. He gazed at them, his eyes lingering longer on one of them in particular, and when he spoke, his voice was gentle and wise, but slightly guarded. "Mae govannen, Dunedain. Long has it been since you visited my home. Be welcome." He gestured behind him at the open doorway, nodding his head in invitation. The rangers nodded their heads in greeting, giving the formal elven greeting by placing their hands first over their hearts and then at their foreheads. But it was their leader who spoke, Aragorn, Son of Arathorn. His voice was polite and only people who knew him very well would have been able to hear the undertone of hesitation in it. "Mae govannen, hir nin Elrond. Indeed it has been long. Thank you for your hospitality and welcome." Locking eyes with the ranger who had spoken, Elrond answered with an almost imperceptible narrowing of his eyes, "The Last Homely House will always be open for those who wander and stray." Elrond preceded them into the house, where servants took their bags and packs, guiding the rangers to their respective rooms to wash and change into clean clothing. All but Aragorn that was, for he followed Elrond down a long hallway to the elf's private study. Once the door was closed behind them, Elrond turned around and mustered his foster son from head to foot, "You have grown again, Aragorn." "I don't grow anymore, hir nin." Aragorn replied evenly, moving over to one of the overstuffed chairs that stood in front of the hearth. "I'm almost fifty years old now and although the Dunedain grow slower than normal men, even we are outgrown at my age." Elrond said nothing at that and merely shook his head. Pouring two goblets of red wine he handed one to Aragorn, before he sank onto the comfortable chair. As soon as he had sat down, Aragorn followed his example and seated himself in another armchair. They sipped their wine in silence for some time, until Elrond spoke softly. "I received your letter, Aragorn. Is it as serious as you wrote?" Aragorn sighed and wiped a hand across his face, the gesture showing his wariness and worry all too clearly, "Aye, I fear it is my Lord. Even when we rode through your forests nigh a day ago we saw the signs, and plentiful they are. It will not take long now, I'm certain." With an expression of worry on his ageless features Elrond leaned back in his chair, his eyes distant. "At long last he has found us. Long have we lived in peace and shelter from his armies, but no longer. His dark servants will try all in their power to destroy us. To kill us all." Aragorn said nothing, knowing that the elven Lord spoke the truth. His thoughts returned to the day a few months ago, when he had found the first signs that something was amiss in Eriador. At that time none of them had thought anything about the few dead deer they had found near the Bruinen, and neither had they worried overly much about the trampled fields they had found a few weeks later. Or the marks on the ground, showing that orcs had come that way. Small and wide spread these tokens had been, too few to concern them. Now, in hindsight, it was only too clear what these signs had meant. But, it was too late now to do anything about it. Even too late to flee. Suddenly, Elrond's voice ripped him from his thoughts. "The time has come that the Noldor will once more enter into battle against the forces of a Dark Lord. And terrible it will be." "The Dunedain stand at your side, my Lord Elrond, if you will have them." Aragorn replied seriously, his grey eyes sparkling in the dim gloom that bathed the study. Another moment of silence followed, and when Elrond finally answered, his voice was cold, "No. You and your men will leave the valley after the council. And you will not return ere you have the permission to do so. I do not want you anywhere near the valley until this is all over." "If this is as serious as I fear, then you will need every blade you can have." Aragorn tried to reason, but Elrond would have nothing of it. The elf's voice was uncompromising when he spoke, with a hint of anger and disappointment. "We needed no help from the Dunedain in the centuries that this valley has existed, and we need no help now. You will leave as soon as feasible." "As you wish, hir nin." Aragorn said solemnly, placed his goblet on a small side table and rose to his feet. "If you will excuse me, I am still dusty from the road and should clean up before the evening meal. " With a small bow at the elven Lord, Aragorn turned and left the room, his footsteps dying away on the corridor outside. For long moments Elrond gazed at the closed door to the study, until he sighed heavily. It had been almost five years since he had last seen his foster son, and in his heart he had hoped that things would have changed over time. But alas, they had not, and he had only himself to blame. Had it not been him who had openly shown his displeasure at the betrothal of his daughter and his foster son? Had it not been him who had shut his heart towards his human son? How could he have thought that time alone could heal wounds that neither words nor actions could? "I still say it would be best if we attacked them first. We would have the element of surprise." Elladan, the older of the twin sons of Elrond said, crossing his arms across his chest. "No, that would not be wise. We don't know their number or strength." His twin Elrohir said, giving his brother an almost apologetic look. He knew very well that the same lust for orc blood that was flowing through his veins was burning even brighter in his brother's body. The council had started shortly after the morning meal, and although it was now past the midday meal, no conclusion had been reached yet. Lord Elrond's advisors, Lord Glorfindel of Gondolin and his captains, as well as his sons and his seneschal Lord Erestor were present, as was Aragorn. Gathering in one of the bigger rooms of the Last Homely House, the group of elves and one man were discussing the threat that loomed at the doorstep of the valley. "How much could there be, Elrohir?" Elladan said, his voice agitated, "Surely not more than our warriors could defeat." Before Elrohir could answer, though, Lord Glorfindel spoke, "It is never wise to rush into a battle unprepared, son of Elrond, and you know that." The golden haired elf gave the twin a pointed look, causing the younger elf to stay silent. Then, with an elegant movement of his hand he asked, "Aragorn, please, tell us again what the rangers have discovered." He had told them ten times already and although his story did not change, the elves wanted to hear his tale again and again, so as if they could still not believe what he had to say. And so Aragorn told them once more about the tokens of many, many orcs moving towards the valley, coming from the North and East as well as the South. He told them that they apparently moved in small groups to avoid detection, but that they all seemed to have only one goal, to reach the elven valley. This he had written in his letter to Elrond four weeks ago, and that was why he had his patrol had stopped by Imladris on their way back to The Angle. "Even on our way down into the valley we saw signs of orcs." Aragorn concluded his face grim. "They have spied on the valley for days, maybe even weeks or months. They are smart enough to not be detected at once. But, I tell you, they get careless and act rash, so as if they could wait not longer, or were feeling safe enough to move around openly. And that can only mean one thing." "That the time has come for them to attack." Elrond stated matter of factly, clasping his arms behind his back. "But we will not stand by idly and wait for them to slaughter us." A murmur rose in the room as all the elves present nodded their consent to those words. Elrond waited for a few moments before he continued, "The patrols have found signs of orcs, too, have even killed a few stray orcs here and there. With the information we have now the only logical conclusion would be that those orcs were spies, a vanguard for the rest of Sauron's army." With a quick nod of his head, Glorfindel seconded that, "Surely the orcs hide somewhere close by, ready to strike once they know the weakest spot of our defenses. Captain," he gestured at a dark haired elf who stood regally next to the door, "show me where you killed those stray orcs." For many long hours the council debated over maps and charts, strategies and tactics. When the first light bulbs were lit outside, a conclusion had been made. "So it will be then." Elrond said, taking a deep breath. "Our