THE CURSE OF THE DRAGON Rating: K+ Summary: Spring has entered the lands, and Aragorn and Legolas, freshly fallen in love, decide that it is time that the young ranger visits Lake-town and leard its ways. What starts out as a normal trip turns into a deadly adventure when an old secret comes to the surface. Soon, Aragorn's life is in peril and Legolas has to risk everything to safe the young man. Genre/Warning: Aragorn/Legolas slash hurt/comfort story. Disclaimer: They are not mine and I will never own them. A/N: This is my very first SLASH STORY . -AND- I am in a kind of burned out mood, as someone called it. I had planned to finish this story before posting, but the same someone suggested that I could post it chapter for chapter. I like the idea, as I did this with most of my previous stories. The reviews (there will be reviews, right? -g-) always helped me to develop the story and post faster. -hint hint- So, enough rambling, on to the story. I hope you like it. -looks nervously at readers- Have fun ! Chapter 1: A Long Expected Journey Perched high in the boughs of the trees, the birds ruffled their feathers, tilted their little heads and chirped and twittered to their hearts' delight, greeting the morning sun. Warm rays wound through the trees, sprinkling golden light onto the new born, green leaves. Dew glittered here and there on the grass, and the few elves who returned from their nightly watch breathed in the fresh spring air. The sky was of a clear blue, almost like a pond high up on a mountain, where the waters were icy and unsullied by men, elf or dwarf. A few of those warm rays filtered through the light curtains, which swayed gently in the breeze. Slowly, the rays wandered over wall, floor and desk, until they reached the comfortable double bed and the two occupants sleeping in it. One of them, a lithe, blond elf, lay on his side, his elbow propped on the bed, holding his head. His hair floated around his face, unbound and free, like a waterfall of spun, sunny rays. A smile played around his lips, while he gazed at the person sleeping so peacefully beside him. Dark, tousled hair, a stubbly chin, strong cheek and jawbones, with weathered, but not old skin and features. The man was lying on his stomach, his head bedded on one of his arms, while the other had found its way under one of the many pillows. With every rise and fall of the man's chest, his head moved a little, too, and the smile on the face of the elf widened a little. Slowly, the elf's eyes travelled from the sleep relaxed face of the man down his body, taking in the broad shoulders, the muscular arms and the strong back. His gaze came to finally rest at the small of the man's back, and the elf was tempted to reach out and lift the blanket that covered the otherwise naked man to take a look at his behind. It was a strong, perfectly shaped behind, he knew. His smile widened even more when he remembered the last night, and the things they had done which had exhausted the man so much that he was still asleep, long after sunrise. But suddenly, an almost wicked glimmer reached the elf's eyes. Lifting his head from his hand, he leaned forwards slightly. When his face was only inches away from the man's, he gently pursed his lips and blew, causing the man's hair to lift a fraction, before it fell down again. The man did not stir. His grin widening, the elf blew again, stronger this time. Again the dark curls moved, and this time the human mumbled something under his breath, before he settled again. Once more the elf blew, causing the man to sleepily slap at his face. Mouth open in a silent laugh, the elf sat up on the bed, trying not to move the mattress too much. It would not do to wake the human now, after all. Stealthy as a cat, the lithe blond elf reached across the sleeping man and plucked a silky white feather from one of the pillows. Still smiling, the elf took the feather between his thumb and forefinger, and ere he could stop himself, he began to gently tease the human's nose with it. A snort. Unperturbed, the elf flicked the feather against the nose again, howling with silent laughter. Another, louder snort came from the man, but still he did not wake. Instead, he turned his head to the other side, sighing audibly. The eyes of the elf danced with mischief. Silently, he leaned over the man, letting the tip of the feather caress the man's nose once more. With a sleepy gesture, the human swatted at it, like one would do with a fly, mumbling something under his breath. Blue eyes sparkling, the elf was just to tickle the man's nose one more time, when he froze mid motion. One of the man's eyes was open, glaring at him darkly. Feelings his cheeks reddening slightly, the elf leaned back on his heels, trying to hide the feather behind his back. The man opened the other eye as well, gazing at the elf. "And what, pray tell me," he said sleepily, "were you doing?" "Nothing." The elf said, grinning innocently. The man narrowed his eyes suspiciously, but before he could say more, the elf spread his arms wide, sighing, "Ah, what a wonderful day, Estel. Now, up with you! We are late as it is, sleepy head." Grumbling, the man rolled onto his back, blinking against the bright light that streamed into the room. "Too early, Legolas. It must be night still and the light comes from the stars." Laughing good naturally, Legolas shook his head, "Nay, my friend. It is bright daylight you see, and the birds are singing. Get up now ere the day is wasted." When Aragorn merely groaned, rolling to his side to avoid the bright light, Legolas sighed dramatically. "As you wish." And with one fluid motion he pulled the covers back, exposing the man to the air. "Legolas!" Aragorn complained, reaching for the covers, but Legolas simply threw them to the ground, grinning. "It is too early yet to get up." Aragorn said, rubbing his eyes. "And Lake-town will still exist, no matter when we get there." "Aye, but the sooner we get there, the sooner we will be home again." Legolas retorted, gazing at the man. "One could think you dread going there, Legolas." Aragorn teased his friend, knowing fully well that Legolas feared very few things. And the human settlement Lake-town was not one of them. "No, I do not dread going there." Legolas said, and there was a strange glimmer in his eyes that Aragorn knew only too well. When the elf leaned forwards, coming closer and closer until his face was only inches from his own, Aragorn felt goose bumps appear on his skin. "But you know," Legolas said, "letting his finger trail slowly down Aragorn's bare skin, "the sooner we are back, the sooner we can enjoy from the soft, plush, clean, smooooooth linens we have here in Mirkwood." Pronouncing each word with a little push of his finger, Legolas pushed Aragorn down onto the mattress. Straddling the man, who now grinned openly, Legolas tilted his head to the side. "But of course, if rangers enjoy the cold, hard earth of forests, or the creaking beds of the inns in Lake-town…" He pouted minutely, causing Aragorn to laugh outright. "Enough, Legolas, enough." Aragorn laughed, fully awake now. "I think I see your point." "I knew you would, with time." Legolas said, leaning down again. "Humans can learn, after all." Grinning, he bent down, cupping the side of the man's face with his slender hand and brushing his lips against Aragorn's. When Aragorn opened his lips slightly, Legolas took up the invitation, and soon they were kissing deeply, longingly, but without haste. Breaking apart, Legolas softly touched Aragorn's bottom lip with his forefinger, tracing the outline from one corner to the other. The fact that they were both naked was lost on neither of them, and it was already having its effects. Feeling his member harden slowly, Aragorn gazed up at Legolas, who still straddled him. The elf's hair was unbound, like it only was when they were alone together, and it fell around his face in golden tresses. The smooth, hairless body, the strong muscles rippling under the skin, it was enough to make Aragorn's breath catch in his throat. No matter how often he saw Legolas like that, no matter how often the elf allowed him to see him thus, to touch him, feel him, love him…Aragorn thought it a miracle time and time again. And to be loved in return by Legolas….that was something Aragorn would never understand. "Estel?" Legolas asked, tapping his finger against Aragorn's cheek, smiling gently. "Huh?" Aragorn made, torn from his thoughts. Slowly, naturally, he let his hands, calloused from the year long use of sword and bow, caress up Legolas's thighs, to rest on the elf's hips. "You had that expression on your face again." Legolas said, tilting his head to the side. "As if something surprised you." And he reached out, moving his thumb across Aragorn's forehead, as if to chase the expression away. "It was nothing, Legolas." Smiling, Aragorn sat up slowly, holding Legolas tightly so that the elf would not topple down from him and land very unelflike on the hard stone floor. When they both sat comfortably, Aragorn leaned in for a quick kiss, letting his tongue stroke Legolas's teeth gently for just the fraction of a second. "We really should get going if we want to make any progress today." He said, a look of slight disappointment in his eyes. "Aye, we should." Legolas said, kissing Aragorn soundly on those red lips that tasted like ale, pipe weed and travels. "And we really have no time for this." He added, a mischievous sparkle in his eyes. "But, wash we must ere we leave, this way or that, so…" And with that, Legolas kissed Aragorn again, while his hand sneaked between them, searching and finding what it was looking for, and making the man moan in pleasure. Fastening the last pack on the back of his mare, Aragorn threw a look over his shoulder. Only a few feet away from him, Legolas stroked his horse's nose gently, whispering to it gently. As if the horse understood him, it flicked its ears, neighing softly. Shaking his head and breathing in deeply, Aragorn fastened the last knot, before he patted his own horse on the long neck and took the leather reins from the saddle. "Ready, Legolas?" Legolas whispered to his horse a moment longer, before he turned around and flashed a bright smile at the ranger. "Always. I was only waiting for you to finish packing half of our household on that poor mare of yours." Giving Legolas an annoyed look, Aragorn began walking into the direction of the gates, the heels of his boots clicking softly on the cobble stone courtyard. "I have not packed 'half of your household'." He told the elf indignantly. "Those are the basic provisions every ranger should take with him when leaving on a journey." Raising an eyebrow skeptically and taking another look at the bulk of packs that threatened to break the poor horse's back, Legolas retorted, "Basic provisions? Basic as in making a quick trip to Lake-town? Or basic as in journeying to Mordor and back?" Shooting Legolas a minute glare, Aragorn shook his head, "Basic as in: Legolas and Estel journey to a place where there are none of their fathers' guards, no supervisors, no elven healers and no twin brothers to save their behinds." And in his mind