Title: Where once was light By: Imaginigma Rating: K+ Genre: Drama, Action, AU Disclaimer: I own nothing in conjunction with The Lord of the Rings, be it book or movie; I make no money with this story. Summary: Aragorn, having captured the creature Gollum in the Dead Marshes, journeys to Mirkwood to deliver Gollum into the custody of the elves. On his way, he comes to some surprising revelations. When something unsuspected happens, can Legolas help his friend before it is too late? Thanks: To W. E. Henley (1849-1903) for the inspiration that made this story possible. I hope he tolerates my little alteration to his lines. ;-) A/N 1: Written for the Teitho Challenge "What we are thankful for". 1st place winner. A/N 2: Due to some minor computer/internet problems, some of the text was repeititive. This is the edited version. The content has not changed. Thanks to all those who pointed it out to me! "Out of the night that covers me, Black as the Pit from pole to pole I thank whatever 'Valar' may be For my unconquerable soul!" "It hurts us, it burns us. Take it away, take it away. It freezes, it bites! Nasty elvses made it, it hurts us!" Gollum tugged at the fine rope that was wrapped around his thin neck. For hours on end the creature had been lamenting about the elvish rope he was bound with, and his level of voice had reached unimaginable volumes. Aragorn sighed inwardly. For months he had been journeying in the company of Gollum, and the nearer they came to their destination, the thinner his composure became. Only this morning, when Gollum had clung to a tree with his thin fingers, unwilling to go any further, Aragorn had gripped him by his scrawny neck and hauled him away from the tree trunk roughly. It had hurt Gollum, but by now, Aragorn was beyond caring. His hunt for Gollum had brought him to the very confines of Mordor and after he had faced many perils and had been on the doorstep of death more times than he was able to count, his weary heart had not been able to take any more, and he had broken his word to Gandalf and abandoned his search for Gollum. But then, unexpectedly, while he had been on his way home and forced to cross the Dead Marshes, he had found a trace of Gollum. One day, already tired and hungry, he had seen the soft imprints of bare feet in the mud near a pool of dark water. Aragorn had managed to capture Gollum two days later, and since then they were hurrying to the North. Mirkwood was the only place that was suitable to guard the creature, and the Wood elves had agreed to imprison and guard him. For days Aragorn had made his way through the treacherous Dead Marshes, had felt hunger and pain in the Emyn Muil, had nearly drowned as he had crossed the Anduin, and had frozen on the open plains that stretched between The Wold and the fair woods of Lothlorien. In his need and desperation to reach Mirkwood and had Gollum over to the elves, he had not dared to stop for rest and supplies in Lorien, but circled the Golden Wood and instead stayed close to the great river Anduin, although not far enough to see or smell it. Now, almost a week away from Lorien, Aragorn was nearing the shores of the Anduin again. He did not truly know why he sought out the river, but somehow the gurgling water soothed his frayed nerves and aching heart. And, Aragorn thought as he took a look at Gollum who was walking in front of him, that creature is in need of food as well. For the whole past week, Gollum had not truly eaten, as he rejected the food of the elves and all food that Aragorn presented to him. The only food that Gollum ate, were fish and worms, and as they had crossed no streams and the earth was dry, the creature had found little food. The wind picked up and Aragorn wrinkled his nose in disgust as the stench of Gollum drifted towards him. The creature was stinking, and not even the swim through the Anduin had been able to wash away the green slime and the stench that enveloped Gollum. Even after months of travelling with Gollum, the stench still made Aragorn sick to the stomach. Once more, he wished for nothing more then to finally be rid of the creature and be a free man again. With pain in his heart the thought of the warm fires and cosy beds in Mirkwood, of the fresh bread and fine wine, of fair singing and a good nights sleep. In these dark days, it did not take much to make his heart content. The day became darker as night settled over the grounds. The sun sank down behind the distant horizon, and the shadows grew longer and deeper. It was time to set up camp and rest for the night. Usually, Aragorn preferred travelling at night and rest during the hours of day, as he was not sure if he was pursued by orc from Mordor or the Hithaeglir. But, even the thought of travelling in the dark wassuicidalwith his prisoner. Gollum may be submissive the most time, but as soon as night settled, he became upset and agitated. Then he would pull at the elvish rope that bound him, would writhe on the ground or scream so loud that it would be heard for leagues. More than once Aragorn had been forced to gag him, so that his voice would not alert the goblins and orcs that lived near the Misty Mountains. Perhaps, Aragorn thought as he scanned the area for a suitable resting place, the darkness of night reminds him of Mordor. A shudder went down his spine as he thought of the dark mountains, the sickening stench and the bare lands that bordered the black land. In his search for Gollum, Aragorn had been near the Ephel Duath and the Morannon, and it was no memory he cherished. Even now, weeks after that horrible experience, his heart beat faster in fear and his hands became sweaty. Mordor was no place one whished to see, be it human, elf or…creature. The moon rose high in the nearly cloudless sky, and the pale light touched the lands below. As darkness completely blanketed the earth, Aragorn's keen eyes finally found what he had been looking for: a few rocks surrounded by dry bushes and shrubbery. It was at least partly sheltered from the wind, and the rocks would hide them from prying eyes. Tightening his grip on the leash that held Gollum captive, Aragorn tugged at the rope. "We will rest here. Come." But Gollum was not very obedient that night, and he simply kept crawling along on all fours, mumbling under his breath. Exasperated, Aragorn pulled at the rope one more time, his voice angered, "Gollum, stop now, or you will regret it!" And this time, the creature complied. Gollum crawled back to where Aragorn stood, then looked at the place that would be their resting place for the night. Immediately, he fell back on his back, stretched his arms wide to the side and began to writhe on the ground. "No, it sees us, it hurts us. We hate it, nassty shivery light. It spies on us, yess." Gollum opened his big eyes and gazed at the moon for a moment, then resumed his writhing. "Spiess on us, preciouss. We hate it!" Aragorn sighed. He was tired and weary. For weeks he had not been able to sleep properly, and the last week had been the worst of all. Gollum had been more agitated than before, and Aragorn had been forced to keep his vigilance up all time. He had not slept during the last week, not once feeling safe enough to close his eyes in more than a slight slumber, one ear always on Gollum. Furthermore, he was hungry and his body ached. He had not come out of the Dead Marshes and the Emyn Muil unscathed, the bite wound that he had received from Gollum upon his capture still burned and bleed from time to time. The night was cold and a fine mist was crawling up the plains form the river, and Aragorn shivered slightly. Despite his many travels and his high level of endurance, his body had long reached its limits, and his mind was growing weary as well. He had once heard a saying: When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on. Aragorn had tied many knots in the last months. And now, as he watched Gollum writhe on the ground, hissing and wailing, his patience wore thin. With a strong pull on the rope, he ordered Gollum with a stern voice, "Get up now, or I will make you. And you know that I make no idle threats!" Gollum stopped wriggling and eyed Aragorn out of big yellow eyes. He seemed to ponder the words for a moment, but then he got to his hands and feet and trotted over to the rocks and bushes. Aragorn sighed again, and slowly followed the creature. Tying the rope to a rock and sitting down as far away from Gollum as possible, Aragorn opened his pack and took out some food and a blanket. As he had no time or energy for hunting, his meal consisted of some roots, nuts and fruits he had collected during their relentless march across the lands. For weeks he had not eaten properly, let alone something that was warm, and his stomach longed for a soup or some cooked vegetables or deer stew. And some pipe weed, Aragorn mused wryly. But alas, with Gollum and in these bare lands, hunting was no possibility. It took time and effort, and Aragorn had to spare neither. Therefore, he ate some of the roots and drank some water, before he took out the healing herbs he still had in his possession. With nothing but the light of the moon, he unwrapped the bandage from his right hand and examined the bite wound. The flesh was red and inflamed, hot to the touch and it still bled, although only a bit. Every movement of the hand or wrist caused pain to race up and down his arm, and with every passing day Aragorn feared more that the wound would never heal. Setting his yaw, he moved his fingers, then his wrist and then he made a fist and clenched and unclenched his hand. It hurt, Valar it hurt. But there was nothing he could do than numb the pain, clean the wound and wrap it again in some bandages. So, he took some of the pain reducing herbs, chewed them and then smeared the past on the wound. It stung and burned, but Aragorn rubbed the paste into the wound with a determined face until the pain subsided and then vanished. Then, he wrapped the wound in the same bandages he had used before; he had no others. While he put away the herbs, food and water, Aragorn could hear Gollum whisper under his breath. He could not make out all the words, but he guessed that Gollum was mumbling the same that he had been mumbling since he had found him in the Dead Marshes. Gollum was missing his 'precious'. Every night and day the creature was longing to see the One Ring. His mind had been corrupted by the ring and every waking hour and even in sleep Gollum wanted him. To Aragorn it seemed as if the creature needed the ring to survive, as much as he needed air to breathe. Looking towards Gollum, Aragorn saw that the creature had curled in upon itself, as far under the dead bushes as it could,