Title: A wandering star Summary: Aragorn and a group of rangers are on their way to The Angle. Arwen and a group of elves are on their way to Lothlorien. When both groups meet, a well kept secret may be revealed, that could change things forever. Disclaimer: I do not own the recognizable characters or anything that has to do with Tolkien's works. Rating: K+ (violence, romance) Timeline: After Aragorn returns from Gondor, meets Arwen in Lothlorien en pledge to her. A/N: Written for the Teitho challenge "Secrets" (3rd place) Mae govannen, elen síla lumenn' omentielvo: Well met, a star shines upon the hour of our meeting. Feredir: Hunter The branches of the mighty firs were swaying gently in the wind, needles rained down to the earthy ground, and high in the crown of a tree sang a lark his beautiful, if sad song. The summer was almost spent, autumn was fast approaching, and with the early set of the sun, the world seemed to grow dim and silent. Expectant. For weeks the small group of rangers, with Aragorn and Halbarad in the lead, had travelled along the outcroppings of the Misty Mountains. During this summer the rangers had taken care of bands of orcs, wolves and other fell creatures, had helped in the villages to build houses and sheds, had repaired bridges and fences and had protected the common people from thieves and ruffians. At the same time, the rangers had scanned the plains and woods for hunting grounds, had located springs in the mountains, and generally done all the things that they would need to sustain the Dunedain villages through the coming winter, if it came to the worst and food would be sparse in The Angle. And furthermore, they had built up bonds with the leaders of a few settlements, which could benefit them in the future. Now, after weeks on the road, the eight rangers were on their way home. Home. The rangers were happy to finally go home, to their houses, wives and children. To a place were everybody knew their names, were they could freely talk and laugh. Where there was no danger, no fear of being stabbed in the back or attacked at night. Yes, even Aragorn, who had neither true home nor family in the village they were heading to, was happy to return. Further and further the group travelled West, and with each day that they left the mighty mountains behind them, the lighter the heart of the men became. They were not talking much, rangers never did, and always were their senses alert and their eyes watchful, but there was an air of relief around them, for all with hearts to see. The group entered the forest at noon, and for many days they travelled through the deep, lush woods without anything out of the ordinary happening. The nights became colder, the days clearer, and when the clouds gave way to black sky, the stars could be seen shining down on Arda. Yes indeed, autumn was fast approaching, but the world was in balance. Everything was just as it should be. His horse snorted softly under him, hooves sinking into the ground that was still slightly muddy from the last rain, but it carried its rider faithfully through the woods, like it had done so many times before. Aragorn relaxed the reins a bit, giving his horse more freedom. He was in no particular hurry, and he knew that his horse would enjoy the ride more this way. And he would, too. It was only an hour from sunset, and Aragorn looked around to determine how far they had come today. He knew these woods almost as good as he knew the plains in The Angle; he had hunted in them for years, after all. Scanning the area, Aragorn saw a few trees and rocks that he recognized. There was a clearing to the West, with fresh water from a small brook and adequate shelter should it rain again. His brothers and he had stayed there numerous times during hunts and trips, and without even saying so much as a word, Aragorn steered his horse gently in the right direction. The rangers followed him silently, trusting him implicitly. A few minutes later, Halbarad guided his grey mare alongside Aragorn, giving him an appraising look. "How is your back doing, Captain?" He asked, a small smile playing around his lips. A few days back, Aragorn had (rather embarrassingly for him) slipped on some stones in the river while crossing and landed painfully on his back. Turning towards Halbarad, Aragorn shrugged, "Has been worse." "Ah." Halbarad commented. He knew very well that Aragorn's back was covered with purple bruises and some abrasions, and that riding the whole day would make the muscles stiff and movement painful. With a sweep of his arm to indicate the woods around them, Halbarad sighed deeply, deciding to let the matter rest for the moment. "Isn't it beautiful here? I will never understand why you traded Imladris and the adjoining woods for The Angle." Taking a deep breath of the fresh air, Aragorn inclined his head, "Aye, it is nice here. But The Angle isn't bad, either. It is my home now." Lifting an eyebrow at Aragorn's choice of words, it was now Halbarad's time to shrug, "Is it? I don't know. You know, you always seem so eager to leave the village again, even after being there for barely a week." "Ah, Halbarad, that is simply the lust for adventure that flows through my veins." Aragorn said good naturedly, although deep inside he knew that this was only halfway the truth. He indeed, enjoyed the days and weeks on the road, being only a ranger, not the Chieftain. But he also enjoyed being in the villages, working on the fields and caring for the needs of his people. It was simply that somehow, he wanted to be away when he was there, and be there when he was on the road. He never seemed to get that which he wanted at the given moment. And the fact that his heart yearned for someone special, some beautiful elleth with hair as dark as the night sky and eyes as clear as ice, did not make the situation any better. Never had Aragorn told Halbarad of his love for Arwen. No one knew it. It was a secret that he had not yet been willing to reveal to anyone but Arwen and her family. And Aragorn wondered not for the first time, if things would be easier for him if he could but tell Halbarad. They rode on in silence, watching the woods get darker and the birds louder, until the birds settled for the night and the shadows between the trees grew large. In the last light of the day the group of rangers reached the clearing, with the brook gurgling nearby and the scent of wildflowers in the air. With a sigh of relief Aragorn dismounted his horse, stretching his back to relax the stiff muscles. His back hurt, but it was not as bad as in the previous days, for which he was thankful. The other rangers dismounted, too, and for a moment they all simply enjoyed standing on their own feet again. Being a ranger or no, riding on a horse all day made even hardy rangers a bit stiff. Suddenly, the horses began to flick their ears and toss their heads. Hooves stamped on the ground and the excited neighing of the horses filled the clearing. In the next second, the rangers moved into action, without anyone of them uttering so much as a word. The youngest of the group took care of the animals and led them away, deeper into the woods the way they had come, while the rest of the rangers vanished into the trees and underbrush, already readying their bows. Aragorn and Halbarad took up positions behind some huge firs, unsheathing their swords. If someone was coming, the rangers would be ready to meet him. The woods rustled and whispered, but after only a few moments silence settled once more over the clearing, with nothing but the brook gurgling merrily. It was as if the rangers had never been there only a few seconds before. For a few minutes nothing happened, and Aragorn began to wonder what it had been that the horses had smelled. It was too early yet for wolves to hunt, and had it been orcs or wargs, the horses would have reacted more violently. So, what had it been? They waited for a few more minutes, and then, suddenly, they heard it. It was like silver bells ringing from high mountains in the clear winter morning air. High and beautiful, wondrous and in harmony with the world. The most magical signing in all of Arda. A moment later, Aragorn could make out the sound of horses, then voices. Rider were coming their way, and from what Aragorn could tell, it were elves. Breathing a relieved sigh that he would not have to fight tonight, Aragorn sheathed his sword. He stepped out from behind the fir the same moment that the riders broke into the clearing. The first rider, a tall elf with silver hair stopped his horse in surprise when he saw Aragorn, and lifted his hand to signal the other riders to stop as well. Numerous elves filed in behind the rider, all of them looking at Aragorn curiously, and the singing stopped. They were not looking very happy to see Aragorn, and some of them had drawn their bows and nocked arrows, although they were not aimed at Aragorn. Yet. Taking a step forwards, Aragorn bowed in the elvish fashion (ignoring the pain in his back), extending his right hand to his heart and forehead. "Mae govannen, elen síla lumenn' omentielvo." He said in Sindarin, greeting the elvish party. One look at the riders and horses told Aragorn that these elves were neither from Imladris, nor from Mirkwood, and he wondered what a party of elves from Lothlorien was doing in these woods. It was not common that the elves from Lothlorien visited the Last Homely House, and surely not such a big party, for there were at least twenty riders. The rider in the lead looked down at Aragorn for a moment, taking in the worn leather coat, the patched trousers and muddy boots, as well as the unkempt hair and scruffy beard. He lifted an eyebrow in mild disapproval, but his voice was friendly when he spoke, "Mae govannen, feredir." Giving a small smile, Aragorn shook his head, "I am no hunter, at least not tonight, Master elf." "And may I ask what you are, then?" The elf asked, his hand staying on the hilt of his magnificent sword. He was taxing the situation, and Aragorn knew that these elves, all of them, were experienced fighters and warriors. With another brief bow of his head, Aragorn answered, "A wanderer, Master elf. A ranger of the North." There was some whispering in the group of elves, but Aragorn could not tell whether that was good or bad. He knew that elves would not fight rangers, but he was not so sure whether these elves from Lothlorien knew that as well. "A ranger, you say?" The lead elf asked, looking down at Aragorn in the settling gloom of the night. "It is dangerous for a lone man to wander in the wilds at night, ranger. We could have mistaken you for a bandit and shot you." The elf's voice had taken on a mocking tone. Smiling sweetly, Aragorn shrugged, "Aye, you could have." He gave a secret signal with his hand, and the rest of the rangers materialised out of the woods, bows at the ready. "But then my men would have been forced to shoot you." For a moment, the elf said nothing, but then something akin to a smile curled his