They Did It Their Way Author: Imaginigma Teitho Contest Entry Topic: Proverbs Rating: G Time frame: During the Ring War. The Fellowship has left Imladris but has not yet reached Moria or even Caradhras. I am aware of the fact that this story is not canon. Genre: Humour, Parody Disclaimer: I own nothing, nada. Summary: On their way through Hollin, the Fellowship faces many perilous situations. A/N: Have you ever noticed how many proverbs we use or hear each day? Written for the Teitho Contest Proverbs. Many thanks to Chen for her wonderful beta work. :o) The rustling of the leaves and the soft twittering of the birds was the only thing that could be heard in the small clearing where the Fellowship rested. It was still early in the morning, with the sun barely peeking over the horizon. All was quiet and serene and even Gandalf the Grey was still sleeping peacefully, his grey hat drawn deep into his face to hold out the bright winter light. The Fellowship had taken to traveling during the day, now that they had reached Hollin, for the nights were too cold and dark for them to walk safely. Already the air smelled like snow, but Legolas was convinced that it would not snow ere they were further south or higher up in the mountains, and Aragorn and Gandalf shared his opinion. Feeling only little need for sleep and having rested the night before, Legolas had taken the last two shifts of the watches, relieving Sam from his night watch some hours ago. The wind played with Legolas' long blond hair and when the first rays of the sun caressed his face, he tilted his head backwards and drank in the warmth of Anor on his skin. Suddenly, something caught his attention and out of the corner of his eyes Legolas saw one of the heaps of blankets and cloaks move. Smiling, he closed his eyes and tilted his head a bit more, so as to feel more of the sun on his face. "Mae arin, Aragorn." Wrapped in his cloak with a warm blanket around his shoulders, Aragorn approached stiffly. "And a good morning to you, Legolas." Aragorn took a deep breath and let the air out slowly. White mist formed before his face and he stomped his feet on the ground to get warm. "How was your watch?" Legolas' grin widened. "Some orcs attacked while you slept, but I killed them before they troubled your sleep. After that a horde of wolves tried to eat Bill, but they were no match for good old Bill and he chased them away." Snorting softly, Aragorn began to rub his arms. "Oh good. And here I thought something important happened." "No, nothing worth mentioning." Looking at Aragorn with a humorous shimmer in his eyes, Legolas added, "Although if you want to know everything that happened," Legolas' grin widened, "young Master Samwise has taken to talking in his sleep and from what I heard Frodo is not the only one who holds his heart." A genuine smile lit up Aragorn's weathered face. "Is that so? I am glad to hear that." He rubbed his arms one more time and sighed. "Mhh, what about breakfast? I could do with something warm to drink." As if on cue, another of the mounts in the clearing moved, and a moment later Sam poked his head out from under his blankets. He looked around, his eyes automatically searching for Frodo, and when he saw that his Master was still sleeping peacefully, he yawned widely and then got slowly to his feet. He nodded in greeting to Aragorn and Legolas and after a quick morning wash he began to prepare breakfast. Soon, the inviting smell of sizzling meat and roasting bread filled the air. Sipping his warm tea and feeling better already, Aragorn watched the rest of the camp come alive. Frodo had woken shortly after Sam, helping him with the breakfast. Gimli and Boromir, both light sleepers, had awoken when Sam had clanged the pots and pans, and although Gandalf had not moved yet, Aragorn knew that the wizard was awake and surveying the camp from under his broad-rimmed hat. Merry, who slept beside Pippin, stirred and then got up to join Frodo and Sam. The food was almost done and the fine smells of breakfast permeated the crisp morning air. Legolas nudged Aragorn with his elbow and nodded in Pippin's direction. Shrugging, Aragorn saw out of the corner of his eye that Gandalf was also looking in the young Hobbit's direction, but when the wizard did nothing to wake the Took, Aragorn did not act either. The young lad needed his sleep, after all. "Breakfast is ready." Sam announced loudly, gazing at the still mount of blankets that was Pippin. Frowning, he repeated even more loudly, "Breakfast is done!" The mount did stir a little, but apparently Pippin only rolled from one side to the other without waking. "Let the lad sleep. Means more food for us." Gimli announced, taking a plate of hot food from the still frowning Sam. "Pippin never misses breakfast." He said worriedly. "Or second breakfast. Or elevenses, luncheon, afternoon tea, dinner or supper." Merry quipped and stuffed his mouth with hot meat, gulping it all down with a huge swig of water. "Perhaps he is not hungry." Frodo commented, eating more slowly than Merry but with the same eagerness in his motions. "Ha, a Hobbit and not hungry? A Hobbit who is not hungry does not exist." Gimli said in between bites of bread. After this comment, the Hobbits began to chatter worriedly about the nature of Hobbits, their love for food and the reasons why Pippin had not yet woken. "Perhaps it is his Took blood." Merry said and swung his fork around for emphasis, sending small pieces of egg flying around. "Even a Took has to eat." Sam said meekly, still looking very concerned. "He is still young; he needs more food than we do." Frodo shot the sleeping Took a worried look. "And Pippin even more so, with all the bouncing and questioning he does all the time." And so it went on and on; Frodo, Sam and Merry discussed the sleeping Pippin as if he were an object and not a living being, and finally Legolas had had enough of the chatter. With an exaggerated sigh he rose from his spot on a boulder, placed his plate on the ground and made his way gracefully over to the sleeping Hobbit. "What is he doing?" Merry whispered, but Frodo and Sam had only eyes for Legolas and Pippin, their mouths hanging slightly open. Sighing once more and tucking a strand of blond hair behind his ear, Legolas eyed the mount of blankets and cloaks, trying to figure out where the head and feet were. The fact that Hobbits had very hairy feet did not make the decision any easier. Finally, when a soft snore came from one end of the bundle, Legolas bent down and shook the sleeping Hobbit. "Wake up, Master Hobbit." "'S too early," came the grunted reply and Pippin rolled over onto his other side, completely ignoring Legolas. Lifting an elegant eyebrow at that, Legolas shrugged and said cheerfully, "Well then, Gimli will be glad to hear that, for that means he can have your breakfast." With that he turned and made his way slowly over to the others, who watched the scene with amusement shining in their eyes. Silently, Legolas counted to five. He had reached three when… "Breakfast? Did you say breakfast?" Laughing, Legolas turned and smiled down at the sleepy Hobbit. "Come now, Pippin. The early Hobbit catches something to eat!" And with that said he resumed his walk over to the fire and the rest of the Fellowship. Needless to say, Pippin was faster than Legolas and was already complaining that they had not woken him for breakfast when Legolas sat down next to Aragorn, who smirked into his tea. Once Pippin had had his breakfast, he and the other Hobbits began to break camp, while Boromir and Legolas scouted ahead. Gimli supervised the packing, ordering the Hobbits to do this and to do that, giving Aragorn and Gandalf the time to speak in private. The route they planned to take was dangerous, and for some time now Gimli had the feeling that wizard and ranger were not of the same opinion concerning their way. "Mithrandir, think about it. Caradhras itself will be dangerous enough. Let us take the path that will lead us around the caves." Aragorn said quietly. His time with the Hobbits had shown him their good hearing. "Aragorn, I know you worry about the caves, but I have foreseen nothing and neither has Elrond. I say we take the eastern path. Why, we could even rest in the caves for a day or two before we move up the mountains." Sighing, Aragorn shook his head. "You will not change your mind on this, will you?" Gandalf merely smiled and patted Aragorn's arm in a gesture of sympathy. "Has your time with me taught you nothing about my stubbornness, ranger?" Another long-suffering sigh left Aragorn's lips, but he knew when he was fighting a losing battle. "Fine. Under one condition." He lifted a finger and pointed it at Gandalf. " You will tell Legolas that we will rest in some caves ." For a moment, Gandalf looked positively upset, but then he stroked his long beard with a gnarled hand. His eyes twinkled in a strange light and a smile played around his lips. "Well, what the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over." With that said Gandalf took his staff and made his way over to Pippin, just in time to prevent the young Hobbit from throwing an apple at Gimli's head from behind. Shaking his head, Aragorn followed, but he was wise enough to stay away from the Hobbits' argument about what there would be for supper. Soon Legolas and Boromir returned, declaring that the way they would take was free of obstacles for at least a league and that they had seen nothing out of the ordinary. As usual, Gandalf took the lead, with Frodo and Gimli following right behind. Legolas was next, then Merry and Pippin who talked softly, but animatedly. Sam, leading Bill, walked behind Boromir and Aragorn was at the rear, keeping an eye out for trouble. Most of the morning passed by uneventfully, though Pippin complained loudly that they did not stop for second breakfast or elevenses, claiming he had not eaten enough during breakfast. Only when Merry had had enough and slapped him on the back of his head did he finally cease his complaining. A cold wind blew into their faces, reddening their cheeks and noses. Legolas, feeling nothing of the discomfort the others were feeling, scouted ahead of the group, vanishing between the trees one time, only to suddenly reappear out of thin air, giving them all near heart attacks. All except Aragorn, who seemed to always know when and where Legolas would appear. A few hours before noon, Aragorn traded places with Boromir, who took the rear position, while Aragorn joined Legolas in the scouting. Legolas had seen movement in the distance and Aragorn wanted to see for himself whether there was trouble ahead. The rest of the group would follow them more slowly, so as to give them time to investigate. For a quarter of an hour Legolas and Aragorn made their way through the forest, keeping their eyes open and their steps silent. They crossed a tiny stream that was nearly covered in ice and climbed up a small rise that was overgrown with ferns. The leaves of the ferns had rolled into themselves because of the cold and the ground was frozen. "Come Aragorn, it is not far now." Legolas said and in the next moment he swung himself into the branches of an evergreen