Title: A perfect day Rating: K Warnings: Kitschy Disclaimer: Alas, I own nothing. Not the elves, the rangers or even the dwarves. But sometimes I wish I would, ´cause then we would never be parted again. Feedback: Yes, of course Summery: King Thranduil gives his son a special present. A/N: Written for the Teitho contest "Family" and, it was the winner story ! I still can't believe it. The twittering of birds could be heard, their small feathery wings flying through the warm summer air and tiny bees and insects could be seen flittering on the gentle breeze. The green and thick leaves of the high trees swayed softly and with every leaf that swayed the suns rays coloured another patch of flowery forest ground in its golden light. Summer had come to the realm of Mirkwood and the gardens of the royal palace were a beautiful sight to behold. For although the rest of the forest of the eastern elven kingdom had fallen into shadow and darkness, the immediate area surrounding the palace was still as lovely as it had been when the Queen had still dwelled in Middle Earth. It was on such a lovely summer day in early Narie (June), when the flowers blossomed and the sun warmed the earth, that a young elfling lay in the soft grass, his body outstretched on the bed of tiny flowers, his arms folded behind his head and his gaze turned towards the azure blue sky, feeling the suns warmth on his skin, that the life of the young elf should take an unexpected turn. The young elfling, Legolas Thranduilion, son of the elven King of Mirkwood, his hair as blond as his fathers and his eyes the shade of his mothers, was enjoying the day as it was one of those rare days in his childhood that he had no lessons to attend or homework to do. As a prince of Mirkwood, his father the King expected his child to be well educated and trained, in court etiquette as well as in archery or sword fighting. But not this day, for this day was special. It was Legolas begetting day, which was cherished by the elves. As elves were immortal they did not celebrate the day each year, but only special dates. And this year was such a special year for the young elven prince. It was his 20th begetting day and it was a tradition in the House of Oropher that the 20th begetting day would be celebrated. Legolas had waited many weeks for this day to come and when had gone to bed the last night he had thought that he would never find sleep, so exited he had been. But as it is with all small elflings, soon the elven dreams had claimed him and his small heart had come to rest for the night. The morning had dawned beautifully golden and orange, promising a lovely day to come. After a breakfast that had been larger than Legolas had even seen one and after many congratulations and heartfelt words of joy, the small elf had gone outside to bath in the light of the sun and to wait for his father to fetch him. Because, as it was tradition in his family, his father had promised him a great present, but when Legolas had greeted him in the morning, nothing had been waiting for him on the breakfast table. Only the mysterious smile of his father and a glimmer in the King's eyes had told Legolas that his father had not forgotten. Instead, the King had bade his son to wait for him outside, because his present would await him there. And so, Legolas waited patiently. He knew that his father was a busy King who stole the time for his child from his rare moments of peace, and often the meal times were the only times of the day in which Legolas had the time to speak with his ada. For when the loving father came in the evening to his elfling´s chamber to say good night and tug him in, his young Greenleaf was most times already asleep, exhausted from the adventures he had had during the day. Smiling, the young Mirkwood elf closed his eyes, wandering in some distant memory of his father and himself, when they had been playing together one afternoon, when all the work had been done and the sun had slowly painted the sky in the evening colours. Some time later, at the same moment a rather bold butterfly had chosen Legolas nose as a landing spot, the young elf heard the soft rustling of robes behind him, followed by the gentle tread of his father. Opening his eyes as a shadow fell across his face, blocking out the sun, Legolas looked up into the smiling face of his ada, his father's eyes glimmering lovingly. His father rose one of his eyebrows and said very softly, like a whisper on the breeze: "It seems you have found a new friend, ion nin." His eyes twinkled as he directed his gaze to his son's nose, where the colourful butterfly still sat, its wings spread wide to drink in the sun. Looking at his own nose, Legolas had to laugh softly, which made the small animal rise into the air and fly away with the wind. Both father and son looked after the animal for a while, seeing it land gracefully onto a blossoming summer flower. Looking back down to his son, Thranduil smiled and said: "Well, get up, ion nin. I have something to show you." And with that, the King helped his son to his feet, waited while Legolas brushed the grass and the leaves from his clothing and together they walked to the front of the palace. Legolas felt his heart beat in his chest, so loud that he feared his ada would hear it. He was so exited. What was it his ada wanted to show him? It surely had to be his present. But why outside? And why before the palace? Swallowing nervously, the small elf unconsciously straightened his tunic and tugged an strand of his long blond hair behind his pointed ear. Whatever it was that his father wanted to show him, Legolas just knew that he would never forget this moment. And truly, Legolas would never forget it, not in all his immortal years. When father and son reached the courtyard before the palace, the King stopped and looked expectantly at his son, his eyes shining and a knowing smile on his face. Legolas, seeing what was before him, could not help the fact that his jaw dropped and his eyes turned wide. A small smile spread over his face and after a moment of silence he turned to his father and said almost breathlessly: "Ada, hannon le." Smiling back in return and lifting his son in his arms and hugging him close, Thranduil answered: "You are welcome, my son. I love you." "I love you too ada." Because there, in the middle of the courtyard, stood a small contingent of elven warriors, all clad in the dark colours of Mirkwood, armed with bows and swords, each clasping the reign of a horse, smiling. And in the front of them all stood his father's horse, tall and proud, flanked by Legolas´ own horse, a light brown steed, packed with a bedroll and a small bow. His father had given his son the one present that the young elfling had wished for since the day Legolas had been able to ride. A hunt. Legolas was going to go on his first hunt, with his ada. The ride through the quiet woods that surrounded his home had been uneventful and father had son had had the time to talk and cherish the time that they could spent together. They had given their horses the freedom to chose their own paths, crossing light covert clearings and whispering streams as they went, the sun shining down at them and warming their hearts. When the day had flown by and they still had not stopped or turned around, Legolas was beginning to wonder and had timidly asked his father. The King had smiled at his elfling and with a loving sparkle in his eyes he had told his son that they would stay three days in the forest. The first to reach their campsite, the second to hunt and the third to return to their home. His small heart had pounded excitedly at this news. Three days, three full days! It was as if a dream had come true. Never before had there been a time in which Legolas had been able to spent so much time with his father. Grinning like the little elfling that he was, Legolas rode on, beside his father, as happy as he had never been. And even to the eyes of the warriors riding with them it was plain to see the deep love between father and son. When the night approached the riders, they had finally reached the chosen camping place and with the last golden rays of the sun they set up camp. The fires burned merrily, throwing flickering shadows over the company and its embers glowed red and orange, sparks flying high into the star sprinkled night sky. It took the young prince not long to find sleep this night, resting in his father's strong embrace, the smell of his father in his nose and the soft rising and falling of his ada calming his senses and sending him into a peaceful and secure elven dream. The next morning dawned bright and clear, the air already warm and the sun that had woken them all promising a warm and rainless day. Tiny fleecy white clouds floated in the sky, adding to the perfect blue of it. After a well tasting breakfast, most of the company set out to go hunting, only two elves remaining behind to guard the camp and care for the horses. Shouldering their bows and their weapons, father and son set out into the green forest side by side. So happy and excided was the young prince that he had not even noticed that one of the warriors accompanying them was no warrior, but one of the palace healers who the King had bade to come with them, just in case. Thranduil knew of the dangers a hunt could present and he wanted to ensure his son's safety. For hours they walked through the forest, the warriors keeping a respectful distance to the pair, giving them the needed privacy and at the same time protecting their beloved King and his son. The sun that found its way through the trees to the forest flour illuminated the ground and where the warm rays met it, beautiful flowers of all kinds of colours were blossoming. Thranduil let his son pick his own way through the forest, over boulders and under fallen tress they went, crossing tiny rivers and even up a small hill. While they went he showed his Greenleaf various flowers and trees, pointing out their use and answering all of his son's inquisitive questions. They saw footprints of animals, of squirrels and rabbits, badgers and rascals. It was not Legolas´ first trip into the forest, but never had he been allowed to venture so deep into the green realm and with his father by his side, it was just perfect. The sun neared its zenith as the pair reached another small river. The water was shining like mithril in the sunlight, flowing steadily over rocks and water plants, gurgling and sparkling. Yellow and rose flowers grew on the banks and bees and dragonflies soared through the air. The King stopped in his tracks, taking in the peaceful sight that met his eyes. But he saw more than just the river and the flowers; his skilled eyes saw the trampled grass and the flipped stones in the water