Title: Helping Strangers Author: Imaginigma Summary: Bree is not friendly to rangers. And neither is the outside world. Can prejudices be overcome when Aragorn helps someone by endangering his own life? Rating: K Feedback: Welcome Archive: Just ask, I don't bite. Disclaimer: Not mine (hihi, I think you already guessed that). A/N: This story was written for the Teitho Contest "Hobbits". I won the first place (yay!). ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Pulling his worn cloak tighter around his shoulders and lowering his head against the biting wind, Aragorn crossed the rain splattered marketplace. The rain that had fallen throughout the night had stopped half an hour ago, and many inhabitants of Bree used this rain free period to hurriedly go about their business. Now, in late February, the rain rarely ceased to fall, and everybody had enough of it. Aragorn brushed his unruly hair out of his face, hurrying on. A young boy, a heavy sack flung over his shoulders crossed his path, causing Aragorn to step aside to not get run over. He cursed silently as this manoeuvre caused him to step into a mud puddle and cold sludge seeped into his boots. Shaking his long leg disgustedly, Aragorn splattered even more mud onto his clothing, and with a tired sigh he resumed his walk. He knew Bree as well as its inhabitants, maybe even better, for he knew also the dark corners and the dangerous sides of the town. But protecting Bree and its villagers was not the reason Aragorn was here right now. No. Quite frankly, he had not even planned to visit the town. But circumstances had forced him to rent a small room in one of the shabby inns for a night. He would have loved to stay in The Prancing Pony, but he knew that he would use any coin he had to buy healing supplies. For, that the reason he was in Bree. Aragorn had spent the winter months travelling the northern borders of The Shire, patrolling and fighting here and there. It had been a cold and snowy winter, with sparse game. Wolves had become desperate to find food, and with every week that had passed, they had moved closer to the Shire, until the rangers had been forced to kill the threat. Two weeks ago, Aragorn had started on his journey south, for he and Halbarad had agreed to meet near Newburry at The Hedge around his birthday. They would patrol the eastern and southern borders of The Shire during the summer, before they would return to The Angle for the winter. Avoiding another collisions with a wet dog, Aragorn strode on. Here and there some people stared at him, but most of the people he met avoided contact with him. Aragorn was used to such treatment, another reason he had not wanted to stop in Bree on his way south. But his unlucky meeting with a starved wolf three days ago had caused him to change plans. The deep scratch and bite marks on his arms and legs had become infected, and Aragorn's healing supplies were nearly spent. A winter in the north could do that. A gust of wind caused icy spray to wet his face, and with a sigh Aragorn increased his speed. He rounded a corner, and finally the house of the Bree healer came into sight. With but a few long strides Aragorn reached the door, opened it and entered, making the small bell above the door tinkle. It was warm inside, almost muggy. The air was smoky, and a quick glance at the old hearth told Aragorn that it was not working properly. Almost instantly, his wet cloak began to steam. Rows and rows of boards lined the walls, all of them filled with boxes, jars and sacks. The healer was not really experienced in the healing arts, but he could read and had therefore taken to store all the herbs he saw in books. Aragorn knew that he would find here what he needed, and being a healer himself, he would have no problems to mix the slaves his injuries demanded. Woken by the bell, a fat man wobbled out of the back room, wiping his sausage fingers at his apron. Aragorn fleetingly wondered, whether this made the fingers clean or even more dirty. The healer was bald and almost as round as a barrel, but he had not the kind tempter that often went with these kind of people. Aragorn had dealt with this man before, and he knew that he was greedy and bold. And the fact that Aragorn seemed to know more about healing than he did, made his consider the ranger as an arch enemy to his business. When the healer's small eyes fell on Aragorn, they narrowed dangerously and red spots began to colour the man's cheeks. "You." He said disgustedly, crossing his arms before his round chest. "What do you want here?" "Do business." Aragorn said, and he reached under his cloak and loosened the small leather pouch from his belt, where he kept his coins. Shaking the pouch, he made the coins tinkle, knowing that this was the only way to get the healer to cooperate. As Aragorn had hoped, the healer licked his lips and stared at the pouch. He seemed to battle with himself, and seemed to have come to a decision when he finally said, "My goods are not cheap, only that you know it." Aragorn sighed audibly when the door fell shut behind him. The healer had charged a horrendous price for the dried herbs, bandages and needles Aragorn had bought, and Aragorn knew that there was not enough left in his pouch to spent another night in the inn; he would have to leave Bree today and treat his injuries in the wild. Not that he had not done that before… But, he mused, maybe it was enough left to at least get his old, worn, beloved boots repaired. The winter had done them no good, and they had more holes than cheese. His socks were constantly wet, and small stones and thorns entered his boots and made walking quite uncomfortable. Hefting the pack with the healing supplies over his shoulder, Aragorn turned and made his way down the street to the cobbler. It had started to rain again while he had been in the healer's store, and the people hurried hither and thither to get out of it. A cart rolled by him, splattering mud onto his cloak and face, and with a shake of his head, Aragorn wiped his sleeve across his face. The house of the cobbler lay nearly in the centre of Bree was easy to find, and when Aragorn entered, the smell of leather and wax reached his nose. No sooner had he stepped over the threshold, came a voice from behind the counter. "One moment, good Sir! I just have to…Ah, there you are." A triumphant "aha" was soon followed by an angered hiss, and a second later by a soft curse. Then, a red, bushy cat jumped onto the counter, stretched its legs and then trotted to the end of the counter and lay down, licking its paws. Stepping closer, Aragorn peered over the counter. The shoemaker, a Hobbit of middle age, with sandy coloured hair and brown eyes, sat on the ground, shaking his head and nursing a scratched finger. Obviously, he had tried to catch the cat, but the animal had been quicker. "Good morning, Master Hobbit." Aragorn said, and the Hobbit came slowly to his feet, coughing slightly. Only then did he look up at his customer. The Hobbit's eyes grew wide at the sight of the tall man leaning over the counter, with the wet and dirty hair, the untrimmed bread and dark clothing. Taking a step back, the Hobbit stammered, "G-good morning. What can I do for you?" Sighing inwardly, Aragorn took a step back, not wanting to scare the Hobbit. He knew that there were stories and rumours told in Bree about the rangers, and not few of them had to do with Hobbits. Rangers ate Hobbits, rangers kept them as slaves, rangers were murderous, thieves, liars…Aragorn had heard them all. Trying to sound as civilised as he could, Aragorn pointed at his boots, which had left muddy imprints on the wooden floor of the store. "I had hoped you could fix these boots for me, good Sir." The Hobbit leaned forwards a bit to inspect the boots, and after a moment he cleared his throat and gestured at them. "They look rather worn. Are you sure you do not want to have a new pair?" Aragorn almost laughed at that question. He would give a lot to be able to buy new boots, but he had no money and he knew that he would have to wait till winter until he could get new ones. Surely one of Halbarad's sisters would have enough pity with him to convince the shoemaker in the village to make a new pair. For, even in The Angle a man had to pay for his belongings, Chieftain or not. "I am sure, Master Hobbit. A repair is all I need." Shrugging, the Hobbits pointed at a chair in the corner. "Take them off then, and let me have a look at them." Aragorn did as he was told, and the Hobbit took the boots with him to inspect them. More then once he shook his head in disapproval, and when he returned to Aragorn, he shrugged his shoulders, "These are no good anymore. I can repair them, but that will cost you." Even sitting, Aragorn was taller than the Hobbit, and when he reached under his cloak to retrieve his pouch with coins, the Hobbit felt threatened and took hastily some steps back. The shoemaker had probably thought Aragorn was reaching for a weapon or other. "I have only two coins left, Master Hobbit." Aragorn said, showing the coins to the Hobbit. He had expected it, and when the Hobbits shook his head, Aragorn sighed and replaced the pouch at his belt. "This kind of repair will cost you at least eight coins." The Hobbit said, coughing again and taking another step back from Aragorn, who had reached for his boots and pulled over his feet. He grimaced slightly when he felt the wet leather on his shins, but said calmly, "I see." Standing up, Aragorn took his pack of healing supplies, wincing when his injured arms protested that movement. Aragorn knew that the rangers were charged higher prices in all of Bree, but eight coins was half the price for a new pair, and he knew that the Hobbit simply had no wish to repair them. So, Aragorn made his way over to the door, but when he reached it, he turned around again. "Excuse me my boldness, Master Hobbit, but the cough of yours sounds not good. You should make some calendula tea, eat some honey and go early to bed tonight. Otherwise it could get even worse." And with that, Aragorn left the store of the cobbler, stepping out into the falling rain and vanishing out of sight. Inside the store, the Hobbit sat down on the chair Aragorn had vacated, coughing slightly and shaking his head. He was glad that the man had left, for he had lived and worked in Bree long enough to know that these rangers were dangerous folk. The less he saw of them, the better. Slowly, he reached inside his pocked and pulled out his pipe. Suddenly, the voice of his son, who would one day take over his business, asked from the entrance to the back room. "Why did you not repair his boots? Why did you charge so much?" Puffing on his pipe, the Hobbit whacked his finger at his son, "Don't mess with those folk, son. They are dangerous people." "But…" "No buts." The Hobbit shook his head to silence his son. "They are