Title: Where few dare to go Rating: K+ Genre: Action/Adventure/Suspense Disclaimer: I do not own the characters or anything that has to do with the Lord of the Rings. It belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien, his heirs and license holders. I make no money with this story. Summary: After Aragorn leaves Minas Tirith and defeats the Corsairs at Umbar, he left the service of the Steward, crossed the Great River Anduin at Pelargir and was last seen facing Mordor. This is what could have happened. A/N: Written for the Teitho Contest "Wanderlust". °°°°°°°°°°° Black and dark the mountains rose mightily in front him, and as Aragorn tilted his head backwards, he was not able to see the peaks of them. Mist clung to the rocks and boulders that had rolled down to the ground ages ago; it swivelled around the grey tree trunks and covered the ground. No grass grew here and what had once been lively and colourful had died long ago. The trees were ill and thin, most of them dead and decaying. No animal lived here, no insects flew; the air was filled with nothing but cold wind and whispering dangers. The darkness never left this place, as if it had been born here, and when one looked closer at the shadows, one thought to see the darkness come alive. No, this place was silent, it was dead, it was evil. Aragorn tightened his cloak around his shoulders, and resumed his slow march across this barren wasteland. For weeks he was now travelling in this region of Arda, never looking back or to the side, only forwards, out of fear that his heart would stray and his feet would disobey him. He needed to go on, there was no other way, and to stop or to turn would be his sure death. Ai, he thought, what devilry has brought me to this place, that not even my worst nightmares have shown me? But he received no answer, and all he heard was the whisper of the sand and pebbles that he churned while he walked; his feet left no trace on the stony ground, and once his tall frame had passed, nothing remembered of his presence. For hours he marched, his head bend low and his shoulders, once proud and strong, hunched as if a great weight was pressing down on them. The sun travelled across the sky, but Anor's light did not reach the ground, as white and grey clouds barred the light. The world was a misty grey, a shadow in itself. When night came, Aragorn crouched down under some low hanging stones that formed an outcropping in the mountain's side, and he wrapped himself in his filthy cloak, shivering in the chill. But he did not dare light a fire, as the smoke and the light could attract the enemy. Oh aye, the enemy lived here, everywhere. Behind the dead trees and the dry bushes, under the stones and rocks, in caves and crevices. This was the enemies' land, forbidden territory, a place that few dared to go willingly, but that Aragorn had to traverse. This was as close to Mordor as he wished to go, although he knew that his path would lead him ever closer to Mordor, if he wished it or not. Shivering in a sudden gust of icy wind, Aragorn drew his cloak tighter around his shoulders, and sighed wearily. So long since I left the green fields of South Ithilien, and the gurgling streams and flowery meadows, he thought wistfully. For how long have my tired feet carried me across this deserted plains, I wonder? For indeed, it cannot be that long, as I still have water from the last stream I crossed in my flask. A few days, a week? Ah, this land gnaws not only at my body, but my mind as well, and I wish to leave it. But alas, I cannot, for I have no other way to go, and turn I must to the North and walk through this land, ere I can leave it. Alas! Indeed, it had been short over a week since he had seen the hills of Emyn Arnen in the distance, and had then followed the untrodden paths into the shadows of the Ephel Duath. Since then, his way had led him steadily northwards, parallel to the Harad Road, and he knew that The Crossing and therewith the path to Minas Morgul was not far. Minas Morgul or Minas Ithil, the Tower of the Moon, as it was once called. Old and ancient books described the city as beautiful and shining with the moonlight, but now the place was dark and evil prowled along its walls. Still, Aragorn felt a strange longing in his heart when he thought of the city, for few men had laid eyes on the Tower since he was taken by the enemy, and he wished to do so. I wonder, he thought while he tried to ignore the chill that crawled along his body and settled in his bones, if the valley looks the way told in tale and song. And I wonder, if I will live long enough to tell someone that I have been here and seen it. And with that, he fell into an uneasy sleep, his mind not truly resting and his senses alert for any danger that might find him. But the land was quiet and nothing stirred; the dead trees bent under the shadow and the moon was hidden by dark clouds. Morning in this land came silent; no birds greeted the day, no animals skittered hither and thither, and no flowers opened their colourful blossoms to drink in the sun. Indeed, in this far away land, the day was as dim as the evening, and all there existed shone in a brown twilight. Tired and weary, Aragorn climbed out of his nightly hiding place, and tightened his tattered cloak around his shoulders. The morning was cold, the sky grey, and the rays of the sun were blocked by the clouds; mist clung to the ground, and Aragorn could not even see his boots, so thick was it. Shivering, he set out, his feet carrying him northwards. Northwards…for many days now he followed that direction, his gaze and heart focused on that which lay there. It had been knowledge, then memory, and now it was but a dream. Thin and fragile it was, blurry and hazy, a figment out of another world, a world full of light and life, fresh air and colours, sounds and smells that were fair and sweet. Here, all was dead, and those beings that still drew breath and lived, Aragorn tried to avoid. They were evil and would not hesitate to torture him, before they killed him. And after his death, they would most likely humiliate his body, or eat what was left of him. Another shiver crawled down Aragorn's spine, and he forced his feet to walk faster, wishing to leave this place as fast and as far behind as possible. No indeed, the Ephel Duath were no place to stay too long. The day passed slowly, as they all did in this place, although the night came early here so close to the Nameless Land, where not even the sun wished to be seen. Around midday, Aragorn rested for a while, eating from his provisions, but even his hunger had left him here and he ate little. Using the rest he forced himself to take, despite his wish to walk on, he examined his weapons and gear. His sword was still sharp, as he had not been forced to use it since crossing the Anduin, a small miracle in itself. His daggers and knives were well cared for, but he sharpened them nevertheless, more to give his hands something to do than for any other reason. The other contents in his small pack, some food, water, herbs, bandages, spare clothing and rope, looked fine, although he knew that he would need to find some water and food soon; he had seen no river or stream and had found no food since he had left Emyn Arnen behind him. Sighing and replacing the items, his only connection to another world, back into his worn pack, Aragorn got to his feet and shouldered his gear. It was time to move on. The landscape that he walked through looked like nothing he had ever seen before, not even when he had been to Harad or Rhun. The ground was broken and uneven, covered in pebbles, stones and rocks of all sizes and forms. Dense thickets grew here, wastes of brambles and dry bushes. From time to time, he saw places where the earth was blackened from recent fires, and then he would scan the ground for tracks of orcs or other fell creatures, but he never found anything, for the ground was hard and gravel thrown; no prints would stay visible on this ground, and what had been there had long been blown away by the cold wind that blew in the nights. Still, that did not stop Aragorn from making sure that he would not run blindly into danger. Danger, he thought wryly, I have felt enough here to last my lifetime. For, nearly every night he lay his tired body down to rest, he could hear drums in the distance, dark and heavy sounds that carried far and shook the earth. And always he would lay awake in fear and anguish and listen to the sounds, praying that it was not a sign that he had been found and that the enemy was going to get him. And sometimes, when he lay on some rocks with his face and ear on the stone, he could even hear the drums come out of the ground, from deep down in the mountains, as if something evil lived down there, awake only at night. It was a disquieting thought, and whenever that happened, Aragorn would pack his things and leave that place ere the dim light of the morning send the drums to sleep again. Aye indeed, this land was benighted, and never again would it be fair or green. And even should Sauron the deceiver be overthrown one day, this scar on the surface of Middle-Earth would never fade. The day progressed, and the land he came through changed little. He walked through shrouded hollows and dark pits, passed black bushes with thorny twigs that would reach for him if he did not pay attention, and when the night darkened the sky, he found a tangled knot of thorns to sleep under. Aragorn took a swig out of his water flask and then closed it carefully, making sure that he spilled not the tiniest drop. Crossing his arms across his chest, he lay on his back and stared through the thorns into the night sky and his thoughts wandered. He saw far away countries, green rolling hills and wide meadows full of blossoming flowers; he could almost smell the sweet scent of the daffodils and buttercups. He saw clear rivers that sparkled in the sunshine, gurgling merrily while washing over stones and rocks, the silver fishes in the water fighting the current to return to their places of birth. Colourful butterflies flew around his head as he stood in the middle of a field full of violet blossoming clover, and bees and other insects buzzed around him. The wind was warm on his face, soothing and calming. But then the dreamy vision left him, and he felt the sharp stones poke into his back, making already sore muscles even sorer, and when the cold and harsh wind made him shudder, Aragorn gazed at the cloud covered sky. No stars shimmered there, and no light could be seen except a dull red glowing that hang over the Ephel Duath, like the glowing of an everlasting fire in the distance. It made the night eerie, and not