Title: Friends for life Rating: T Summary: When a mysterious beast haunts the villages and farms the rangers seek to protect, a small group of brave rangers, lead by Aragorn and joined by Legolas, starts to hunt the creature. But, are they the hunters…or rather the hunted? Warning: Blood, violence, some mystery… Disclaimer: I own nothing in conjunction with The Lord of the Rings. I make no money with this story. A/N: This was written for the Teitho Contest "Friendship" (2nd).I think I watched too many episodes of the X-Files… Ilya na mae, mellon nin. Estel anim: All is well, my friend. Trust me. Pedo mellon, saes: Speak friend, please. His breath came in short gasps, but so far Aragorn had no intention of slowing his pace. Trying to make his legs carry him faster, he glanced to his right, trying to catch a glimpse of Legolas, but the trees stood too close together to let him see his friend. And truly, Aragorn doubted that Legolas was running on the ground; surely the elf had taken to the trees and was by now many yards in front of him. Swallowing and suppressing the coughing fit that itched his dry throat, Aragorn sped through the forest, gripping the hilt of his sword tightly in his right hand and hoping that today, finally, he would find what he was looking for. Circling around trees, jumping over boulders and ducking under low hanging branches that snatched at his cloak and scratched his hands and face, Aragorn went on and on, his feet never missing a step and his senses alert to the danger that surrounded him. He could hear no other sound than his own heavy breathing and his feet that pounded the forest ground, but he knew that the other hunters must be close. They had set out together on this hunt, nine experienced rangers with years of hunting the servants of darkness under their belts and with skill beyond that of most men, joined by Legolas, who had heard of the rumours himself while visiting Imladris, and who had come to their aid upon hearing that the rangers had set out to kill this new menace. The beast that they were hunting was nothing that they had ever encountered before, indeed, they did not even know what it was that they were hunting. Rumours had reached the rangers; stolen cattle, slain sheep, destroyed farms and killed families. No, not killed, slaughtered by an unknown beast. More and more tales of the beast had reached the rangers' ears, and after seeing with his own eyes what the beast was capable of, Aragorn had decided that it was time the rangers found out more about the animal. So, they had waited and started to hunt the beast. At first they had thought it to be a wolf, but after seeing the split skull of a stag, the brain having been eaten, they had decided that no wolf would only eat the brain and leave the rest of the animal untouched. Now, they presumed it to be a warg, or perhaps even a werewolf. Although, it had not been full moon when the animals and farmers had been killed. All this raced through Aragorn's mind as he sped through the dark forest. He had only caught a glimpse at the beast when this hunt had started, but what he had seen he had not recognized. Yellow eyes, grey fur, long clawed paws. It was fast and agile, strong and able to blend with its surroundings. But it was not invincible, as Legolas's well aimed shot had proven this very night. Perhaps they would be able to kill it tonight and succeed in what they had set out to do almost three weeks ago. Panting, Aragorn jumped over a fallen log, landed securely on his feet and hastened on. He did not like the idea that Legolas was ahead of them all, without any protection. The other rangers that took part in the hunt had to be to either side of him, but he knew that none of the other rangers would have been able to keep up with Legolas. Valar, not even he was able to do that. Grimacing and pushing the thought to the back of his mind, Aragorn's instincts suddenly screamed at him in warning. Without thinking and totally trusting his senses, Aragorn threw his body to the right, crashing hard to the ground and rolling around and getting to his feet in one fluid motion. His action had not come one moment too soon. The moment he flung himself to the side, a shadow flew past him, missing him only by inches and churning the ground were he had stood only seconds prior. The stench of rotten meat filled his nostrils as Aragorn brought his sword up in a defensive gesture, trying to see what had attacked him. A growl reached his ears, and before he knew what happened, something furry and heavy collided with his chest, knocking his arm to the side and the breath out of his lungs. Pain radiated through his back as his spine cracked ominously, and for a moment Aragorn could neither breathe nor move. The weight on his chest shifted and then a sharp pain shot through both his shoulders as the beast on top of him drove its claws into his flesh. Panting from strain and pain, Aragorn brought his sword up, but the moment the blade would have pierced the beast, the weight on his chest vanished and his sword stroke only met thin air. Breathing heavily, Aragorn sat up quickly, ignoring the agony in his back and got to his feet. He needed not to search for his attacker; the beast stood only a few feet away, drool trickling down its yellow fangs, its eyes trained on Aragorn and its paws pounding the ground. For the first time, Aragorn saw the beast clearly and he was shocked at what he saw. The animal was bigger than a warg, larger and more muscled. Its head was huge, the fangs large, its limbs strong. The tail of the animal was not sleek as he had thought it would be, but furry like that of a dog, and the whole body of the beast was covered with long grey fur. This was no wolf, and neither was it a warg. It looked like a mixture of both, but before Aragorn had time to further contemplate the origin of the beast, it growled deep in its throat…and leaped. Aragorn ducked and brought his sword up, and he felt the blade cut the side of the beast, but at the same moment one of the paws hit Aragorn's shoulder, making him tumble and crash to the ground once more. Pain shot through his already heavily bleeding shoulder, but Aragorn grit his teeth and rolled to his feet. Once more, the beast stood a few feet away, tail swishing from side to side, its eyes never leaving his form. It growled and then began to dance around him clockwise, opening its snout and barring its deadly teeth. Sweat stood on Aragorn's brow as he gripped the hilt of his sword tighter. His back was screaming in pain and he knew that his earlier fall must have dislocated a joint or something, for never before had he experienced such an intense pain in his back. Blood soaked though his tunic and cloak where the beast's claws had cut his skin, but there was nothing he could do to stop the blood flow. Keeping his eyes on the animal, he slowly stepped away from some of the trees, trying to manoeuvre himself into a position in which he could safely swing his long sword. But the beast never gave him that chance. Without warning, it stemmed its paws into the forest earth, pushed itself from the ground and attacked. The impact was enough to knock the sword from Aragorn's grasp, and when his body crashed against one of the trees he had tried to avoid only seconds before, Aragorn felt his breath leave him in a rush and his back send such a fiery pain through his whole body that his knees buckled under him and he tumbled to the ground in a heap. Dazed, he shook his head to clear it. He had to get up, he had to get to his sword! This beast would kill him, it would tear him apart until nothing was left of him other than bloody pieces. Aragorn presses his hands into the soft soil of the ground, trying to push his body into a kneeling position, but the pain in his back made him cry out in pain and he slumped to the ground, grimacing. A growl reached his ears, evil and menacing, and when he turned his head, he saw the beast advance slowly. The arrow that Legolas had shot at the beast stuck out of its hind leg and dark blood had run down the leg, but Aragorn knew that this injury had only infuriated the beast even more. It would kill him, if he could not get to his feet. Now! Holding his breath and gritting his teeth, Aragorn once more tried to push his body upwards, and this time the pain in his back could not stop him. He had to move, if he wanted to survive. Sweating, he got to his knees, then to his feet, but when he looked around, he saw that his sword was too far away. He would never reach it in time. The beast growled deeply, moving from left to right, never leaving him out of its sight. Slowly, so as not to startle the animal, Aragorn reached behind and drew his long and sharp dagger. It was not a very useful weapon against a beast such as this, but it was a weapon nevertheless. For a long moment, man and beast locked eyes, and then the beast growled once more, barred its fangs and leapt. Having anticipated this, Aragorn jumped to the side, bringing up the dagger and feeling grim satisfaction when he felt the weapon bury itself in the beast's side, before the animal rushed past him. Having kept his balance, Aragorn lunged for his sword, hoping that he would be fast enough. He was not. The moment his hand wrapped around the hilt, a heavy weight slammed into his back, slamming him face first into the ground and pinning him down. The beast growled and Aragorn felt its hot breath at his neck. Saliva dripped down onto his neck and cheek, and Aragorn knew in that moment that the beast would kill him now. Fear gripped him. If this was the end, he hoped that it would come quick, and that his friends would at least find enough of his body to bury him properly. The weight on his back shifted, sharp claws dug into his back and shoulders, and then he felt the animal's rough tongue lick over his exposed skin, just before sharp teeth clamped over his neck and the beast bit down in what had to be a deadly bite. But…the beast bit down and drew blood, but not deep enough to kill him, to cut his jugular. Neither did the jaws crush his windpipe nor snap his neck. Instead the beast stayed immobile for a moment, growling deeply in its throat, before it released its hold, licked at the blood, growled once more and then…jumped off of Aragorn's back. Aragorn could hear the beast leap away into the forest, could hear the twigs snap under its paws and the rustling of the bushes it tore through. But even louder was the pounding of his own heart in his chest and the rush of his blood in his ears. He swallowed thickly, unable to move as the shock of what had just happened raced through him. His own warm blood trickled down his neck and onto