A/N: This is for the Harry Potter Post Secret challenge. The prompt I was given was: My biggest regret is simply not giving you a love letter. The 31st of October hit him hard that year. It was 1988 and the war was seven years over. Remus, age twenty-eight, was standing in front of a crowd of all the twenty-somethings who had survived the war. He wondered whether or not he was imagining the small turn-out as he stared around the room, gripping his goblet of firewhiskey tightly in his left hand while his right hand shook at his side. He knew what was coming-it came every year, somewhere between the small talk and the assurances that they'd all get home safely, despite the amount of fire whiskey they'd consumed. It didn't matter to Remus how many times they said it, or how many times they actually ended up home safely (which they always did); he worried anyways. But no, it wasn't time for that yet. That's right-they were all waiting for the toast. His toast. The part when he was supposed to talk about how his best friend and his wife had died for a good cause because apparently that was supposed to make it okay. But Remus didn't believe that, and the others didn't either. Not really. It didn't stop them from saying it out loud, year after year though. It made his blood boil. He clenched his fist tightly, attempting to control his emotions before they got the better of him. The anger wasn't new, but it seemed to be seasonal. Each October for the last seven years, his transformations had been more painful, and took longer to recover from. Like the hangover I'm going to have tomorrow , he thought bitterly, taking another sip of firewhisky. He glanced around the room again, his eyes falling on a young girl with bright blue hair. She sat on a bar stool, sipping a butterbeer, and not speaking to anyone. She scooted her chair closer to the bar, accidentally kicking it. She looked alarmed, as if she was afraid she might have broken it. Remus smiled, knowing without a shadow of a doubt that the Hog's Head would outlive all of them, regardless of the damage it ensued. "Remus, are you ready?" He turned around, startled, and slopping firewhiskey down his tattered sleeve. The crowd was suddenly gathered around him expectantly, so he was unable to figure out who had spoken. He glanced at the young witch at the bar, who had turned her attention to them-to him. He wondered briefly why she was not at Hogwarts, but did not have time to ponder the matter for very long. All eyes had turned to him and he made eye contact with Kingsley Shacklebolt. "Um," he started, and as soon as the stutter was out of his mouth, the crowd quieted, as if someone had uttered a Silencing charm. He glanced toward his goblet, hoping that somehow the firewhiskey might give him more courage to speak. He tried to smile, but felt sure it didn't reach his eyes. "Seven years ago..." he began. His mind flashed to the stories he heard afterward, the witches and wizards celebrating in Muggle villages, the rumors about Sirius' motorbike being used to transport Harry out of the wreckage of the house in Goodrich's Hallow. He was ultimately left with the image of the bodies laying on the floor and the baby Harry, crying in his crib. Having not seen the scene unfold that night, it was all he could cling onto, the night that Lily and James lost their lives and Harry lost any sense of security he might have ever had. "Seven years ago," he began again, "we became free," he said. He glanced at his goblet again, concentrating all of his energy on it so that he could speak to it instead of the crowd. "We stopped hiding. We could all breathe again," he said, and forced a smile. He looked around at the people around him. They all wore solemn expressions, and Minerva McGonagall was wiping at her eyes with a handkerchief. "Some days I wish we had Lily and James back. Well, most days. But I think I'd rather have them here and still be living in terror because, right now, we don't know what we're living in, not really. If we did, we would know he was gone." He looked up again; his gaze was met with looks of discomfort, as if they would all have preferred him to lie. He shot them all a wry smile and nodded curtly, hoping this would be a sufficient end to his speech. It was not much, and had not been what he'd planned but it was all he had, and he was quite glad to be done with it. The crowd thinned after that; the speech was their cue to leave, but Remus did not. He waited, felt certain he was waiting for something, although he could not have placed what it was. He sat down at the bar; it was then he realized just how much he had had to drink. Perhaps it was he who would need to be careful getting home that night. "I liked your speech." Remus looked to his left. The young witch with the blue hair was sitting on the barstool next to his. "You said what they were all thinking; they were all just too stunned to admit it." He looked over at her. She couldn't have been more that fifteen. "You think?" "Yeah," she said. "They all lost friends in the first war, and are too afraid to say that that they'd all rather live in fear than have their friends dead. The Potters', I mean, and all the others who died and were tortured. There was fear then and there's fear now. This one's just more uncertain." "You sound like you've thought about this." She nodded. "I guess. I've had a lot of time to." "Why aren't you at Hogwarts?" he asked. She shrugged. "Don't have a lot of friends there," she said. "This felt more important than a Halloween feast. This matters, y'know?" He nodded. The girl swiveled her chair, and then looked past Remus. He followed her gaze to Professor McGonagall who was waving at her. "That's my cue," she said. "I've got to go back to the school now." He nodded as she hopped out of her seat. "I'm Tonks," she said, more as an afterthought, and sticking out her hand for Remus to shake. He smiled and shook he outstretched hand. "Remus Lupin," he said, but was not sure how he would want to be addressed, feeling like this was too formal a greeting from a fifteen-year-old. He turned back to the bar as she walked away. Then, on an impulse, turned back, and shouted after her. "Do you think it's over?" The words fell from his lips before he could stop them and he had to pointedly look away from the alarmed face of Professor McGonagall leading Tonks back to the school. Tonks turned back to him. "Can't be," she said, and she said it with such conviction he was sure she was right. "You said it yourself. If it was over, we would know for sure what happened seven years ago, wouldn't we?" He shrugged, finding himself unable to argue with such logic. "I don't think so either," he whispered but when he looked back to see if she had heard him, she was already gone, and he was alone but for the barman in the Hog's Head. / Remus was walking through the doors of the Great Hall, glancing along the House tables, and finding himself torn between nostalgia and unbearable grief. It was April of 1990 and the war was nine years over. He stopped short when he saw a glimpse of bright purple hair, sitting towards the end of the Hufflepuff table. Tonks turned in her seat and Remus looked away hurriedly, but he watched as she all but jumped out of her seat, racing down the center aisle. "Remus!" she said, waving her arms wildly. He bit back a laugh as she ran towards him as if they were longtime friends. It startled him to think she might even consider him as such. He smiled when he saw her and held up a hand as way of greeting. The purpose of his visit had already slipped his mind. "Hello Tonks," he said and found that the melancholy feeling he'd had as he'd entered the Hall had all but vanished. "Remus," she said, nodding her head at him as if trying to cover up the fact that she was excited to see a friendly face in the Hall. She glanced around the room, and found a few curious onlookers. The look on her face told him that she relished the fact that she was the only student to know the man who'd walked into the Great Hall unannounced and turned all the heads in the room. The idea made him somewhat sad. "How are you?" he asked, looking up at the Head table to find Professor Dumbledore watching them curiously and Professor McGonagall watching them too, her lips pursed like she did not approve of the scene she was witnessing. "I'm great!" said Tonks. "It's good to see you." "It's good to see you too," he said, although the words sounded forced, but she did not hear them that way. "I'm graduating next month," she said. "Got all the NEWTs I need to become an Auror. But I'm really going to miss this place. This is home and yeah, my house is home too, but this place is...wow. It's amazing. I'm going to miss it." He nodded, unable to help the smile forming on his lips. She had a strange sort of confidence for someone so young and he found himself drawn to it. "I know what you mean. My time at Hogwarts was the best of my life." She cocked her head to the side. "You were friends with James Potter. From what I've heard about him and the rest of your friends, I can definitely see why you had such a good time here." He chuckled, thinking that she didn't know the half of it, but appreciated her words all the same. "Without them, I don't know that I would feel any attachment to Hogwarts," he said. She nodded, looking like she wanted to say more but didn't. She just smiled at him. "Professor Dumbledore needs a word with me," he said, looking to the Head table again. He felt awkward suddenly conversing with her and was unsure whether it had more to do with her age or his own. She turned on the spot to see more eyes drawn to them but she did not head back to her seat. "It was good to see you, Remus," she said. He laughed again as she stuck her hand out for him to shake. He was almost certain she was going to go in for a hug, and he found the idea not so unwelcome. Instead, he placed a hand on her arm and said, "It was good to see you, too, Tonks." / The hot August air was sticky and Diagon Alley was filled with students and their families shopping for their books and robes and wands for the upcoming school year. It was 1991 and Remus couldn't help but scan the streets hopefully for the face of Harry Potter. It was a strange thing to think about, the fact that he had never met the boy. It felt like somewhat of a betrayal that he'd known the boys parents' so much better than Harry had. He walked along the shops with no destination in particular, and trying not to let his emotions get the best of him. He was walking past Florean Fortescue's ice cream parlor when he started hearing