My first published Scorbus fic! I hope it's great, because I really ship them, and there are no reasons not to as far as I'm concerned. There was chemistry in that book, I swear. It was there I want to thank one of my friends for encouraging me to write this. (Actually, though, shame. You've brought another monster into the world, borne of my less-fast-than-lighting fingers and my hyperactive brain.) Anyways, I hope you'll enjoy it, and maybe go so far as to read it! Wow, wouldn't that be great. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Sorry. The only thing I could've made better at all would've been the outcome of Scorbus in The Cursed Child, because that was sad, and that alone is not enough to transfer ownership... Albus gets a cake for Scorpius on Valentine's Day. It's not a romantic gesture at all, no matter how much it might seem like one to an outsider. He just wants Scorpius to know how much he values their friendship, and he trusts that Scorpius will recognise it for what it is. They've been friends for so long that it only makes sense to celebrate it in some way. Plus, he's really been craving cake recently. So he goes to Luna's pastry shop, since he known how good her cakes taste, if also looking slightly unconventional. He buys a turquoise cake in the shape of a turtle, because he feels like Scorpius would like it, and pays quickly. He eagerly thinks of taking the cake to Scorpius' place and eating it, and speeds up his already fast exit. Before he makes it out the door, Luna asks, "Getting it for anyone special?" smiling at him like she knows something that he doesn't. As usual. "A good friend, yeah," he responds, smiling back. He's gotten used to her smiles by now. Luna's smile turns distinctly more smug, but Albus doesn't question it. This is Luna, so that'd be pointless. He hurries out of the door, and on the way to the nearest public floo, Albus passes by a shop that has Valentines cards on display in the window. The idea strikes him to get a card to go with the cake, and and maybe write some stuff to go along with the message the cake is supposed to convey, about how much he values Scorpius. It's mostly out of kindness, but he does also feel a little bit guilty about the fact that he got this cake partially because he was hungry. Wait. He didn't mean to admit that. Anyways, he gets the card and awkwardly tries to convey his message in words on a piece of paper. It's not perfect, but it's good, and all genuine, too. He sticks the note to the top of the cake box with magic and heads off again towards the nearest floo. Scorpius has been having a fine Valentine's Day, but only fine. Nothing's happened yet, and while he wasn't really expecting anything to, it's still kind of disappointing. Pitiful as it may seem, at about noon, he had gone and bought himself some chocolate- because hey, he was hungry- and is now munching on it. He's also reading while he snuggles further into the blankets wrapped around him, and while he has to admit that he's worried about the chocolate getting on his book, the arrangement is too cozy to resist. Just as he gets to the good part, the floo chimes, telling him that someone wants to enter. He's sorely tempted to ignore it and continue reading, but his polite side convinces him to get up. He drags himself to the floo, realizing too late that he's still in his pajamas. Deciding he doesn't care enough to do anything about it, he presses the button to show him who it is, forcing a polite smile onto his face. The stiff smile melts into a genuine one when he sees Albus' head looking around from wherever he is. He feels himself lightly blush at seeing Albus as well, which has, to his great dismay, become normal. He quickly let's Albus come through the floo, stepping back as his friend falls into his living room. His blush intensifies as he sees the cake and Valentine's card in Albus' hands. "Hi!" Albus smiles, dusting himself off with one hand as he balances the cake in the other. "I brought cake." "Hi," Scorpius responds, still blushing. He has to wonder what this might mean. He can objectively realize how high the chances are that Albus is just making a friendly gesture. He also knows that Albus was probably just in the mood for some cake. Still, though. Albus brought Scorpius a cake. And a card. A Valentine's card. On Valentine's Day. It doesn't just seem like a friendly gesture, okay? He doesn't want to let himself hope this means something more than just "we're friends, let's eat cake", but it's already too late. He tries to put the unwelcome thought out of his mind as he and Albus walk to the kitchen. Judging by the red still spreading along his face and now his neck a little bit, too, it doesn't really work. Albus, having inherited some degree of thickheaded-ness (from his father, judging from the stories Scorpius has heard) doesn't notice. Scorpius is thankful for the small mercy. When they get to the kitchen, Scorpius can't help but take a moment to appreciate the cake that Albus brought. It's clearly from Luna's, which just makes it all the better. It looks really good, and it distracts from some of the tentative hope that's been filling him since Albus arrived. "The cake looks good. Luna?" Scorpius asks, trying to start a conversation. Maybe it'll work as a further distraction. "Yeah, course. Luna's great." They smile at each other, thinking of Luna. "How's your Valentine's Day been going?" Albus continues. "Fine, I think." "Anything planned?" "No. You?" "No, I was just thinking that I'd drop in over here, and maybe stay for a while and eat the cake." "Yeah, that sounds nice. I was just relaxing and having fun reading before you got here, so you can stay however long you want. The book was getting pretty good though." "What're you reading now?" It's nice when they have conversations like these. Calm and casual while both of them are still engaged and genuinely interested. They continue talking while they cut the cake, trying to make the process less gruesome than simply chopping the turtle's head off. As expected, it's delicious. After they finish the cake, they sit together and talk, and eventually just coexist. Scorpius ends up reading on the couch while Albus sits next to him, alternating between thinking, being on his phone, and reading. At some point, Scorpius feels pressure on his shoulder and looks down to see that Albus has fallen asleep on him. He smiles and goes back to reading. Only half an hour later, when Albus wakes up, does he realize that maybe Albus wouldn't be the most comfortable with the idea of sleeping on him. "Sorry, should I have woken you up earlier?" He asks, trying not to sound too worried. "Nah, it's alright," Albus responds. "I should probably get home now though. Thanks for eating cake and hanging out." Albus smiles lazily at Scorpius, clearly still sleepy from his nap, and it makes Scorpius' heart flop pathetically in his chest. "Thanks for the cake." "No problem." Then Albus gets up, stretches, and walks right out of the floo. After Albus is gone, Scorpius immediately takes the card to his room to read it. He tries not to have any unrealistic expectations, but it's hard not too. As he carefully takes it out of the envelope and unfolds it, he's almost tempted to close his eyes, close the card, and just put it away. He feels like knowing that it says something bad might be worse than not knowing what it says at all. Eventually, he gets up the nerve to read it. It's relatively long, but he finds that in its multiple paragraphs, nothing comes off as anything past platonic. He almost feels like crying, but he can't even do that. The card is too nice. It shows that Albus really values him, it does. But just as a friend. He shoves aside the part of him that is a little bit broken hearted and takes the card to his desk. He opens a drawer and takes a moment to think and reflect on everything in the drawer as he gets mentally ready to put the card away. Scorpius doesn't want to admit to himself that the drawer is creepy. Sure, it could definitely be considered as such by anyone else… well, it is creepy, but that isn't the point. It isn't as if he's doing anything wrong. He isn't invading Albus' privacy or doing anything objectionable with the collection. He just likes to look at it sometimes. To remind himself that he does have a best friend, and even sometimes just that not everyone dislikes him. It helps him be happy, when he needs the help, and that's all. Still, having almost everything Albus had given him, not including things too big to fit, in a drawer in his room, is admittedly no small degree of creepy. It's just small things, not only in size, but also in importance. Whenever Albus makes something, he always seems to want to give it to Scorpius, and no one else. Albus probably gives stuff to other people too, in all honesty, but Scorpius has yet to notice anyone. So Scorpius has a fairly large collection of small things Albus's given him over the years. As he looks through everything, which he tends to do when he's going to add something like now, he embraces the inevitable trip down memory lane. The first thing that stands out to him is from really long ago. When he and Scorpius were starting at Hogwarts, they were pretty shy. After finding each other, they didn't really venture out or try to connect to anyone else. That's how it had been for the first one or two years. They had an abundance of free time created by, for one, not having to save the world, and also from having absolutely no social life outside of each other. They'd often used this time to fuel projects that one of them would think of, and after proposing it to the other, they'd be off. Most of these were pretty stupid, but certain ones did yield decent results. One such project was based around their mutual interest, at the time, in sewing, strange as it may seem. Albus had made a detailed toy in the shape of a mammal of a completely original species, as far as Scorpius could tell. Once Albus was done with it, he'd shrunk it with the help of his parents and given it to Scorpius as a present. Scorpius had put it in the drawer, and now he picks it up and admires it. Since it was originally so much bigger, the detail is really amazing. It's really soft, too, and beautiful in its color choice and combinations. That isn't the only thing in the drawer, though. Among other things, there's a small glass model that Albus had made during their third year at Hogwarts. It isn't like window glass though. It is colored glass, made for melting into designs. Though it's simple, this piece, specifically, warms Scorpius' heart. It is all on one small, oblong circle. There are two purple blobs near the top end, and one grey cylinder in the middle at the bottom. These are supposed to be two bats and one stalagmite, in a cave. It's definitely simple, but Scorpius almost loves it more for that. It's one of his favorite pieces in the drawer. He often takes it out and chuckles at it's admirable simplicity. Sometimes he entertains the idea of