A/N: Restarting and hope to update more regularly with actually quality and not a mess of words The cream walls were made of pale paint not reflecting much. The roof lighting though were dim too, so were the sidelights near the bed. A soft bed was set against one wall with the stunningly beautiful window. Decorated were wonderful colors allowing a stunning paint works. On the side was some box like frames with protrusions at certain spots serving as a bookshelf plus showcase. Depending upon what the user wanted in this case it was a combination of both... there were few books, some kind of a mirror and a diamond top thrown in with some pictures. Very few pictures - stuck to the wall! The bed was set with a beautiful light green quilt and a dark maroon bedspread. The cushions were set in gold silk with red thread works and maroon silks with green thread work matching the bed perfectly. The floors were set with beautifully polished wood... leading up to a partition made of glass interrupted only by a black bean bag lying against the wall. A small extension of wood came from the wall were a chocolate-brown coffee mug and strange handle with a slide in spoon attached. A small Chinese mug with sugar in it… All through the mug were sparkling stars clearly magical in nature. Along with it was the day's newspaper. All three were set in a light cream tray! When the partition opened there stood a man with a white towel wrapped around his waist and another across his shoulder revealing his toned physique topped up with an unruly mess of black hair. He had a lightning bolt scar on his forehead… right above his bright green eyes. His eyes were dull and filled with dark circles! Drying the mess of his hair with the towel on his shoulder he picked up the spoon adding two sugars. He stirred it, in the process spilling a bit in the tray… was it carelessness or frustration was unclear. "Again Harry?" Turning around he saw a young girl dressed in a pale red off shoulder dress with frills set against the neckline. It fell a little under her knees, a dark green ribbon acting like a belt and a beautiful flower on the right side of her waist. Never had there been such a stunning sight ever Never there been such a stunning sight ever, especially against the open hair styled into a beautiful hair do. Topping it off were the stunningly beautiful golden sandals with a beautiful butterfly. "Again Harry? What happened?" "The same nightmare, I can't shake it off Ginny. Why wont you tell me what really happed that night?" Ginny sighed looking away, "What's there to say Harry? Is there anything you like for breakfast?" "Normal breakfast would do fine. Ginny when ever you're willing to speak…" Ginny looked at him, her blue eyes shinning with something that was not love or happiness. "I will approach you. Yes you have told me several times. A man came to meet you yesterday saying that he knew something related to the death eaters. A meeting has been fixed after breakfast so I suggest you have a proper one. When ever your ready to have lunch let know I will have it ready." "Ginny I was thinking lets go meet your mum and dad. It has been two weeks since I saw them, even in the ministry dad seems to avoid me." Ginny sighed before saying anything, "I will tell mum… specific requests?" "Anything's fine… did she wake up?" the she in question made Ginny flinch and Harry's eyes get fixed upon a picture that hung there. It was a beautiful one with a wooden frame and worked with delicate crafts. A picture of three people in it, their very first picture together. Second year – Colin had taken it! Harry was in the center dressed in Quiddich robes a broom in hand. On one side was a boy with red hair just like Ginny and blue eyes. The other side was a girl with bushy brown hair and caramel brown eyes; her clothes look same as the boys. She had a light smile that struck across her face revealing her bucket tooth but despite it her beauty was not completely hidden. Harry was standing, smiling as the boy too stood opposite to Harry facing them. Both were tossing a ball between them… when the only girl in the room was seated. Her head was bent even though she sat cross-legged reading a thick volume. As the ball was tossed she would look up smile and once again go back to what she was reading. It was a casual moment between the three friends yet so beautifully captured by that young first year that had such a passion for both Harry and photography. "Hermione is fine even though she's not woken up as yet." "Her name is now Meya – our Hermione is gone. That picture is the only one we have of her… our Hermione. She became Meya soon after that! That's the last time we were the golden trio her, Ron and I." Ginny flinched, "You know it's not true Harry…" "She has changed it legally too in her records – school, ministry everywhere. She is not our Hermione any more." Harry insisted, without further argument Ginny picked a note from her bag and handed it to him. "This came in the morning owl for you today. Ron floo called to ask if you are up for a game this weekend." "Will be there why did he not ask me yesterday? Sudden plan?" She nodded, "What do you plan to do today?" "Few party orders are there along with the regular orders. Apart from that wanted to try a few new recipes vegan, fusions and stretch on recipes. You know the works." Harry rolled his eyes, "Ginny you were the strongest warrior in that war and yet you want to spend your life running a bakery?" "Harry I am bound to you. If you want me to work with you as an… y-you just needs to order it." Harry smiled removing the hair from her face. "You can't even say the name of the job and you expect me to demand it of you? I just wanted you to know that if you want to work on a real job you have my support. Not just in the minister but anywhere else that you want. I will support your decision and help out any way you want. That's what I wanted to tell you!" "I know Harry you may be all right with it but not many jobs are open for creatures." Harry snapped at the girl, "Don't call your self, that your not one." "I am one Harry and that's something I need to accept no matter how much you – MUM WILL BE DOWN IN A MINUTE. Get dressed quickly, this sounds like trouble." Rushing out of the room Ginny dashed down the marble stairs to a beautiful hall with modern furniture's setting the hall. Leather sofa sets and armchairs with a beautiful coffee table in the center. It was beautifully decorated with a vase and multiple flowers providing a highly feminine touch to the otherwise masque in set up. Specifically the weapons, dark magic identifiers and wall decorators. Manny from across several cultures and times - globally. Stopping at the couch she saw the couple seated there with tear filled eyes and a slumped body. The man looked very much like Harry but much older and hazel eyes. His hair much more messier than Harry's. He was dressed in brown jeans and a white and brown checked shirt with thin black stripes too... The woman was set with red hair and stunning beauty especially with bright green eyes. She wore a simple jeans and a lacy off shoulder The woman was set with red hair and stunning beauty with bright green eyes. She wore a simple yet bright blue, umbrella cut dress which came down to her knees with a dark blue ribbon belt around her waist set in a flower pattern cut into it. Underneath it were dark blue leggings and a set of silver shoes! Her hair was in a complex hairdo with silver shoes. "Mum? Dad! When did you get back?" the man got up hugging Ginny, "How are you pumpkin?" "I am great missed you a lot. When did you get back? Why are you still in costume?" Sighing the man sat down as Ginny sat on the armrest, "What can I say securing the muggles was tougher than we expected!" "How so? I want complete details regarding this project." the elder lady laughed, "You might do so thanks to James she's not going to let you go. I will go make us some breakfast." "Mum I want my coffee with caramel." the lady nodded and Ginny jumped onto the seat next to James hearing the story, "Moony had stepped out for a minute and he came back to the bar with a case. At least a trigger to one when he got the whiff of an essence of purity from a woman who was gulping away drink after drink something just did not fit. So we got Sirius to go chat her up... two more rounds and a truth serum later she was confessing about how they had been running an underground operation using several magical creatures. We ended up going to Kingsly, got a clearance and next thing we know we were in a whirlwind of investigations and details collection." The voices were cut off by a partition in the kitchen and luckily it worked both ways. She loved the calm of this kitchen in the mornings when making breakfast or dinner. Ginny running a bakery meant being in a larger kitchen the whole time. She loved to cook for everyone especially since they appreciated the efforts. A ping had caught her attention the eggs had arrived. "Good I needed them for French toast!" French toast a wave of memory passed as she remember another girl who loved it. That girl with brown hair and caramel like eyes that shone at the sight of the toasts being turned. How she used to say in a clear full voice, "I would skip time with my dad any day to have these!" A statement only few understood and fewer appreciated. That girl who burned a chance of a family so that many could have theirs. A girl, "I miss her too Lilly not just you." "Sirius? Joining for breakfast?" The man dressed in a casual blue t-shirt and blue jeans stood there. A healthy glow on his face but tiered eyes and silver gray hairs despite which it was presentable done. On his wrist were metal bracelet and the other an expensive watch. Topping it off was a leather belt around his waist and designer shoes reflecting a man who liked to dress up. "Would love to bit hungry after yesterday's expedition what's on the menu?" "Bacon's, French toast, oat meal with herbs and fresh fruits. Anything else you would like?" Sirius smiled shaking his head, "It is surprising seeing you in the kitchen. Certainly never expected you to cook the muggles way." Lilly laughed as she blended the eggs, sugar, cardamoms and milk for the toast. "Its something I have always enjoyed these years away." "While on the topic of years away I never really understood what happened?" Sirius leaned back as Lilly began their story, "Potters were bound to Maya's mum Ana Beth. That was how they had entitled themselves to a lot of property and power. James hid this from you because many people felt that such situations were sources of dark magic, none understood that it was not so. Especially because being bound to a vampire meant that dark magic was kept under