A Cup Full of Words By Berzerkerprime Notes: Can someone please tell me where the idea came from that Faramir and Beregond were old childhood friends? I've never read anything beyond Beregond's admiration for a brave captain. I suppose it's not impossible, but I thought I'd offer up an alternative. Beware of slight raunchiness ahead. It's two guys getting drunk in a bar, after all... Enjoy! March in Minas Tirith had not been so grand in some years. The Sun shone brightly, unblemished by the darkness that had been in the east, for days after the crowning of King Elessar. Across the Pelennor, gulls lazily circled over the flowing waters of the Anduín river, their cries carried on the soft, warm breezes. Beregond, son of Baranor, barely noticed any of this. He had been walking about the city in a sort of haze since his last visit to the Citadel. He had, at that time, gone to face the King's doom, fully expecting to lose his head for his actions during Mordor's siege of the city. Instead, he had been given a promotion; he was now captain of the White Company, the guard of the Steward Faramir. All of this posed its own problems, however, as Beregond was currently the only member of the White Company. And thus it was that haze had set in. The new captain suddenly found himself buried in solving all sorts of logistical problems and reading all sorts of official documents. He had had to closet himself in the study of his home in the sixth circle to even begin to get any of it done. At the same time, his son had been oddly clingy. The boy had been quite distraught while they were waiting for the King's judgment and Beregond could only surmise this was some sort of backlash. But at present Beregond was alone in his small study. The Periain , Merry and Pippin, had proven to be of more interest to Bergil than Beregond's paperwork and they were distracting him for the moment. However, even this silence could not keep the captain's attention for long. The worries of the day piled up and soon, they were all he could think of. The elegant Tengwar words Beregond was trying to read shifted and formed themselves to remind him of anything but what they were actually saying and while Beregond's eyes were reading them, his mind was not. Soon, he pushed them aside as a lost cause and sighed wearily, leaning back in his chair. Days before, Beregond had shed his uniform as a Citadel guard and he had not worn the livery since; he had no more right to. And now, as he looked forlorn at himself in the mirror above his desk, at his dull grey tunic and old white shirt, he wondered if he had any right to wear the livery of any company of Gondor, captain or not. Which reminded him; it would likely be his responsibility to commission new livery for the new company. One more thing to do. As his tangled mind began to spin off in these new directions, Beregond heard a knock on the front door of his home tiredly, he got out of his chair and went to it. He blinked and squinted in the broad daylight as he opened the door and there found the Steward Faramir. Though they looked at each other in silence for only a moment, to Beregond it seemed to be an hour. In the meantime, the idea that his lord was standing there slowly dragged its way through the captain's tired mind. Finally, he gathered himself together enough to form an appropriate response to the situation. In near panic, he dropped into a bow. "My lord, forgive me!" he said. "I did not expect you." "Calm yourself captain, please," Faramir said with a bit of a laugh, "this is no inspection. I had not spoken to you since the king's judgment and I merely thought it time to come down from the mountain, as it were." "Yes, yes, of course," Beregond said, moving aside and gesturing to the open door, "please. My home is yours. For all it may be worth." Beregond followed Faramir within and closed the door after them. It was then he realized with horror that every seat in the parlor was occupied by some facet of his work, be it papers or clothing or even an unwashed cup. He hurried over to the nearest seat and lifted a stack of papers from it. "Please, make yourself comfortable, my lord," he said piling the stack atop another resting on a table. Faramir took the proffered seat and could only watch as his panicked captain tried and failed to keep the top-heavy stack from toppling to the floor. "I take it you have been keeping busy, then?" Faramir asked. Beregond spun around to address Faramir properly, neglecting the lost cause of the papers. "Aye, my lord," he said, "this has all turned into quite the task. Uh, not that I am not equal to it, my lord. I assure you, I will see it done." "I have no doubt of that," Faramir replied, "that is not why I wanted to speak with you. It occurred to me that-" "Hey! Bring it back!" cried a voice from the back door, accompanied by a loud slam and the pattering of bare feet. "Faster, Bergil, we'll overtake him yet!" came a second voice. "For Gondor!" Suddenly, Merry came charging into the parlor, a loaf of bread clutched tightly to his chest. "You'll never take me!" he shouted backward over his shoulder. "For the honor of the Shire!" Turning to watch where he was going, the Hobbit stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Beregond and Faramir. An instant later, Pippin and Bergil crashed into him from behind, reaching for the load of bread and making a ruckus. "Bergil!" Beregond exclaimed, crossly. At once, the boy and the two halflings ceased their horseplay and looked up. Bergil took one look at Beregond's face and gasped, untangling himself from Merry and Pippin. "Sorry, father," he said, "we were just-" "What have I told you about such behavior in the house?" Beregond thundered. "Our fault entirely," Merry sprang in. He spotted Faramir and waved a greeting. "Oh, hey Faramir." "Meriadoc," Faramir greeted back, amicably. "I'm afraid we got more than a little wound up," Merry continued, speaking again to Beregond. "The bread, you see..." Pippin offered, by way of explanation around a bite of the loaf. "Hey, he's eating it!" Bergil exclaimed, then remembered the none-too-happy tone of his father. He grinned sheepishly. "Just, go back outside with it," Beregond said rubbing his temples, "this is not the time. Out with you." "I think that look is universal," Pippin mumbled, "c'mon, lads. Best be movin' on." Merry nodded his agreement, his mouth still full of a bite of bread he had managed to wrest away from Pippin. He grabbed Bergil by the arm and led the way toward the back door with his cousin close on his heels. "By the Valar," Beregond muttered to himself, turning back to the parlor. Faramir was still sitting there, having watched the exchange with a twitch of a smile on the corners of his mouth. But it vanished as soon as Beregond dropped into another bow. "Apologies for the interruption, my lord," he said, "please continue." For his part, the Steward seemed taken aback by the way Beregond was acting. He stared at the captain in silence for a moment before finding his voice. "Yes," he said as segue, "I wished to learn from you what you think should be done for the formation of the White Company. And what defenses I may wish to consider for the new city in Ithilien." "The defenses for the city?" Beregond asked. "But, my lord, that his hardly my area of expertise." "Nonsense," said Faramir dismissively, "you have been a guard of the Citadel for nearly a decade. Certainly you mush have noticed what worked and what did not in that amount of time." Panic flooded Beregond's mind and he found he could do little more than sputter in response. A thousand things flashed through his mind in an instant, recollections of things that had gone awry in the defense of the Citadel of Minas Tirith over the years. But, as he looked at Faramir, he found he could not separate one from another. To make himself stop babbling, he clenched a fist, digging his nails into his palm. "If it please my lord, I can make some suggestions to the architects," he said at last, "perhaps, by tomorrow?" "There is no rush," said Faramir. "No, no, if you desire it, it shall be so." Faramir cocked an eyebrow at Beregond, ever so slightly. A strange look of puzzlement cross the Steward's face for just a moment before it was covered with practiced ease. Beregond could do little but feel scrutinized under the gaze. "It would seem that I have found you at a bad moment," Faramir said, rising from his seat, "I should have sent my assistant to arrange a time. My apologies. Perhaps we could continue this conversation later?" "As you wish, my lord," Beregond replied. The two men exchanged a few more stilted pleasantries and Faramir was on his way. Once the door was closed, Beregond allowed himself a moment to sigh in relief. Then, he looked about the parlor and once more remembered all that needed doing. At once, he went back into his study and closed the door. After a few moment's silence in the parlor, three small faces appeared at the edges of the back door. Merry, Pippin, and Bergil looked at each other in puzzlement. "My father was acting very strangely," said Bergil, "what's going on?" "I'll say so," Pippin agreed, "and Faramir, too." "Kind of reminds me of the way Sam and Rosie are around each other," said Merry, thoughtfully. "What do you mean?" Bergil asked. "Merry, that can't have anything to do with it!" Pippin protested. "All evidence to the contrary, in fact. I mean, what about Éowyn? Not to mention Bergil..." "What do I have to do with anything?" Bergil asked. "What?" Merry was equally puzzled. "No, not like that! They're nervous around each other, is all." "Well, that's no way to go about things," said Pippin, giving Merry a knowing glance over the top of Bergil's head. "They'll never get a thing done." "What are you talking about?" Bergil pressed. "Grown up stuff," said Merry, "don't worry about a thing with your da, Bergil. Pip and I know just what to do." The Sun had long since set by the time Beregond had paused in his work with the thought of sending Bergil to bed. The light over his desk now came from an oil lamp that flickered in cooler breezes from the window. He found his son already asleep, though, and a different small form was quietly sitting in the parlor, a lit pipe to his mouth. "Master Peregrin?" Beregond asked in puzzlement. "Ah!" Pippin exclaimed, softly. "He emerges at last! I was beginning to think I would run out of Longbottom, first!" "Is there something the matter?" "Yup!" Pippin replied, putting out his pipe and hopping down from the seat that was far too large for him. "There's a captain of Gondor that's not getting a bit of work done. He needs to relay a bit, celebrate a little. After all, it is nice being alive." "Some days I wonder," Beregond muttered, "really, I have no time for-" "Nonsense!" The Hobbit zipped over the Beregond and grabbed his wrist. "No arguing now. You're expected, after all." "Where?" "The tavern of the Glittering Sword." "But that's all the way in the Second Circle! Pippin!" Beregond's protests were of no use, though. The Perian had a surprising grip on his hand and did not let go until