Disclaimer: The Lord of the Rings and all its characters, races, and creatures, as well as our beloved Middle Earth, belongs to JRR Tolkien. "Mother! Why did you call me?" Leofa shouted. "I've not got time to waste answering needless calls." I cringed as the door slammed. "I called because I am your mother and you are my son. I need no other reason than that, young man. You come when I call. That is how it is." It seems we were caught up in another shouting match, my son and I. Well, I was not shouting yet, but it was only a matter of time if this argument went like most of the others. I liked it not at all, but what is a mother to do when her son raises his voice at her, but raise hers right back after a while? "Do not shout, son," I continued. "Shouting only gets everyone angry—it usually does not get you what you want." How many times had I said these exact same words? Leofa was not stupid, but he could not seem to get this lesson, at least when it was presented by me. I watched him as he collected himself, trying to appease me, I suppose. My son was growing tall. As it is he is as tall as I am already. His hair has darkened, and while it isn't as dark as Aragorn's, it is no longer the golden red of mine, either. His eyes set in an oval face are the unmistakable gray of his father's and his square chin has a cleft in it. So like Aragorn. The King of Gondor had never been able to deny his son, but it was becoming clearer with each passing month exactly who Leofa's sire was if anyone cared to look closely. "I would not shout, Mother," he said in a quieter tone, "but you seem to not hear me if I use a normal voice." "I am listening, son." "I started not to come at all when I heard you calling me," he said defiantly. "I do not recognize 'Leofa' as my name, Mother. Uncle Haedren calls me Leo. So does my father, as I asked him to. Even Grandfather did! Why can you not grant me this one thing?" I felt a pang in my heart at the mention of Elrond. He'd not sailed West all those years ago when he'd first set out to, but he waited until Galadriel was ready to depart before he'd left the shores at the Grey Havens. Leofa was ten when he'd said his goodbyes to the one person he adored more than any other. "You were named for—" I began, for possibly the hundredth time. "—the eleventh King of Rohan!" Leofa finished for me in a sarcastic tone with a fierce roll of his eyes. "I know that Mother , but I would allow that even King Leofa's mother called him Leo did he ask it of her." "Do not get fresh with me," I began again. But Leofa was beyond hearing me any more. "I have no time for needless bantering, Mother. Uncle Haedren expects me. I will be in his barn should you really have need of me, for other than miss-calling me!" He slammed out of the house, without even knowing what I had called him in for. And thus my son and I would more than likely spend another evening apart. I'd 'miss-called' him in the first place because he had a message from his father—Elessar—the King of Gondor. It had been delivered to me as I worked in the Houses of Healing in Edoras. The missive was still in my pocket, not presented and not read. Leofa probably would not even return home tonight. Perhaps not even tomorrow. My brother would send him home in another day or two out of pity for me, I suppose. Haedren was Leofa's anchor, when Leofa was not in Gondor with his father or when neither of the twin sons of Elrond were about. And while none of them would sanction Leofa's impertinence to me, they could talk to him so that he would listen. Would that I had been granted such a gift. I wondered—not for the first time—if Tristin had lived, would we have tread the same rocky ground as his brother and I did now. I somehow think not. When I had first arrived back in Rohan after Leofa's birth, it did not take long for my brothers—especially Haedren and Dirhael—to point out to me the error of my ways in sheltering my son. They'd whisk him away with no notice, saying they had manly things to teach him—and I'd ask what manly sorts of things did one teach a toddler? They told me to never mind, they were just seeing to his proper upbringing, since his father was no where about. It took not long for me to get their message: I was hovering, and sooner or later I would have a pansy-prancing boy-child at my heels did they not see to it that I did not! It had been twelve years since I had brought my son home to Rohan, after birthing him in Imladris. Leofa's thirteenth birthday had been the month before this past Yule. I am now forty-two—and feeling every year of it today. I'd spent a most harrowing day in the wards. There had been a fire in the smithy right after noon, but thankfully, it had not burned to the ground nor spread to any of the barns. The farrier was the only one hurt, but he was hurt grievously. He would not live. Yet I had spent all afternoon tending to him, trying to ease not only his pain but also his labored breathing. The smell of his burned flesh and hair left me wanting to retch, but I'd had no time to do even that, and I finally got used to it—if one could get used to such a thing. The memories the burned man brought with him had me numb for now. Structures on fire, in which people or animals had burned, tainting the air with their acrid scent, left me cold. I suppose I would lose whatever composure I had later, after I'd watched the farrier breathe his last. His death was inevitable. He was one, huge raw wound, and one did not survive being burned in such a way. I'd bathed his charred limbs in the coolest water I had, and then had slathered him with honey to kill the chance of infection. But he was burned so badly over most of his body, he would not be alive through the night. His gasping breaths would cease before long. I would fail in my care of him, even though I'd done the best that I could. And I would go back to the Healing Halls in a few moments to take up my care of him again. I'd needed a break and had only come home to give Leofa this message. I had failed in that also. I was now the Warden in the Houses of Healing in Edoras. Lord Keodwen had welcomed me back when I'd returned from Imladris. I was astounded when the story explaining my absence, and subsequent return with an infant, reached my ears, and I'd not even uttered a word! It seems that Eomer, along with my brothers, had conjured up a dead husband for me after all! I'd not had to do it. I just had to go along with it. And what else would I do—gainsay the King? Hardly. I only hoped that chance or fate or whatever one might wish to call it, did not rear its ugly head one day, and bring someone here from Gondor who knew the truth. Then we would all be shown as false. So far fate had not turned its back on us. Since my return I had worked with Lord Keodwen as his chief aide for five years, until he had died in my arms one day. He went doing what he loved most—healing the people under his care. That fateful day, Lord Keodwen and I were in the wards tending a man with an arrow wound, which he'd taken by accident while he hunted with friends. Lord Keodwen had just bandaged the man, when he looked at me strangely and asked to sit down. I brought him a chair and he sat. In my worry for him, I'd squatted in front of him, and he slumped right over and died on me. Literally. So five years ago, I fell into the position of Warden in Edoras' Houses of Healing. Or perhaps I should say it fell into my lap. I pulled the missive for Leofa from the pocket of my apron. How my fingers itched to break that seal! For years I was privy to what the King of Gondor wrote to his son—I was the one who knew how to read! But I'd made the mistake of teaching Leofa, and a couple of years ago he quit telling me what was in Aragorn's letters at all. And when he was in Gondor, which at this point was for three months of each year—just before and just after Yule—Aragorn saw to his education there. Unless this was an invitation to Gondor, I would not know what it said. Leofa would tell me if his father asked for his presence immediately upon reading it, if it did indeed contain a request for my son's attendance. I did not deceive myself in thinking that Leofa loved living in Rohan even a fraction of the amount he loved being in Gondor. The two of us lived simply, and Leofa was just another of the local boys while dwelling in Edoras. But in Gondor he lived in the Citadel—right alongside royalty. Our royalty in Rohan—King Eomer and his lovely Queen Lothiriel and their son Elfwine—lived much more simply than their counterparts in Gondor, and Leofa perceived that and held them if not in disdain, then not in the proper respect that he should have done. I'd certainly noticed. I could only hope that Eomer was not wise to my son. I received regular messages from Gondor myself. Arwen—the beautiful Queen whom I had truly grown to love over the years—would keep me informed of her life and life in general in Gondor, as well as send news of her brothers and Haldan. Yes, my fellow healer Haldan from Imladris' Healing Halls, the Elf who had sworn his life to Elrond's family, had not weathered well the scare we'd had with Elladan and Elrohir, when separating them almost ended their lives. Haldan opted to sail at a later date and keep his watch over the sons of Elrond, as well as on Arwen and Aragorn. Elrond, along with Elladan, Elrohir and Haldan, had been here in Edoras one last time before Elrond would sail, when Haldan had made this announcement. The look on Elrond's face when Haldan broke the news to us all was one of complete relief; as if Elrond knew that the members of his family that he was leaving behind would now be fine, since he'd left a consummate healer in his stead to see after them. Arwen and Aragorn had become parents when Leofa was not quite two years old. Eldarion they named their son. From the moment Leofa and Eldarion saw each other as children of two and three, they had become fast friends, as well as half brothers. Arwen had delivered four daughters to the King as well! Ellerrina, Laurelin, Idril and Melyanna. Arwen's arms and heart were full, as she'd wished so long ago before any of them were born. My wonderful Dwarven friend Gimli had brought some of his kin from Erebor, and together they'd settled within the glittering depths of Aglarond. Those in Rohan knew Gimli by sight, and they had bestowed upon him a