Hellow people ^.^ This is my new story, Endlessly , which is basically a what if Finnick didnt die? thing. Im making it a part of a series, and each story will be about a different couple from the Hunger Games-Sphere. This is also my first Hunger Games fanfic, and second story. I plan on making it about 15 chapters long, and focusing on Annies pregnancy and Finnick and her as parents... And so, without further ado, I give you peasants the first chapter of Endlessly : ) The whole world was a swirl of blackness, rippling in and out of crevices around her as Annie floated, or maybe she was sinking, in a sea of nothingness. She didnt quite know where she was, and for a split second she wondered if she was dead. Dont be silly, Annie. Why would you be dead? Because the monster wanted to take off my head. Theres no monsters any more. Its all over... Is it? Or has it just begun? The dull thudding of her heart grew louder in the vast expanse of blackness, reassuring her of its existence. The emptiness beneath her turned into something soft and foamy frothy - bubbles? - and Annie giggled as they popped beneath her back. She tried to wiggle her fingers so she could pop more, but they wouldnt move and shed lost feeling in them. Never mind, the bubbles were still popping under her, making tinny noises as she moved her head from side to side. They smelt like sea salt. She sighed in content, breathing in deeply. She hadnt smelt sea salt in a long, long time. She liked this, floating around like driftwood with no worries, no fears, no monsters. Annie shut her eyes, but she felt like she was missing something... what? Finnick. Something went wrong as the realization struck her. All at once, the sea salt in the air disappeared, replaced by a sickeningly familiar, stomach-lurching odor. Roses. And that wasnt all. The delicate swirls of black that were zipping past her were crumbling like ashes, with red taking its place. It actually looked familiar... Annie wondered where shed seen it before. Oh, it was that dress. The pretty one that the bird wore. What was the birds name? Something with K? But something was still wrong. Instead of glowing orange embers, the ashes fell to reveal a deep crimson shade. Blood red. It was bubbling, like lava, and Annie tried to shriek. Nothing came out. And then, there were faces. Emerging from the dripping blood all around her whilst she tried to scream and kick, to no avail. Her eyes widened as the different faces became clearer and clearer, triggering the memories of years ago that shed spent the past five and a half years trying to forget, as if they happened yesterday. She suddenly became aware of all the noises around her. Screams for help, cries of mercy, sickening crunches of bones and the sound of tearing flesh. Annie shrieked, shoving her hands onto her ears in an attempt to block it all out and kicking her legs to get the blood off them. But there was a quiet, lulling sound cutting above the tortured noises coming to her ears - whispers. And as she stared at the variety of faces before her, helplessly screaming her head off, she could just make out their bleeding, battered lips moving slowly to form two syllables, over and over and over again. "Annie... Annie... Annie..." "No!" She screamed, thrashing her limbs as tears began to stream down her faces. "No, stop! I didnt do anything! Please, please, no!" But the whispers continued, and one face moved to right above her. "Remember me, Annie?" He snarled in a low voice, his kind, sparkling eyes now a cold, dead, grey. His face was contorted with pain, and to her horror as he stepped out of the curtain of blood, his head was being held up by his hands, his neck nothing but a stump spewing the red liquid Annie had grown to fear. "Apollo, please..." she started, trying to wipe the tears from her face. "You did this to me!" He exclaimed in a rough, gravelly voice unlike the Apollo she used to know. "No!" "I protected you the whole time and this is how you let me go!" "Please... please..." Annie begged, unable to form a coherent sentence as sobs racked her petite body. "Murderer!" He yelled, wielding a jagged dagger from his belt and raising it above her chest. The whispers grew louder. Annie screamed again, flailing her arms and legs and trying to wield off the knife in his bloody hands, but to no avail. "Youre going to die, the way you let me die!" "No, no, thats not true!" His menacing yet lifeless eyes stared down at her. With one hand, he clutched his head to his neck as the other plunged the dagger into her chest above her heart, and she screamed as life was drained from her, with the soundtrack to her death as the menacing whispers of her name. "Annie... Annie... Annie..." they jeered as she screamed, pain exploding her chest and life leaving her eyes till she sank, drowning in a pool of bloody nothingness. "Annie!" A voice yells through her incessent screaming, and she thrashes her arms and legs around to ward it off, crying hysterically. "Annie, Annie, its okay! Youre okay, youre safe." "Finnick!" She shrieks, as though he never spoke at all. "Finnick, help me!" "Annie, baby, its Finnick," he soothes, grasping her hand in the dark. Being so many feet underground, theres no calming moonlight streaming in from the window - only the dim light from the hallway outside, coming from the one-way windows. As she calms down, sitting up in bed and sobbing to herself, Finnick envelopes her in his arms as he rocks her back and forth, whispering familiarities in her ear till gradually the sobbing recedes to tears streaming down her face whilst she clutches him. The stiff mattress makes it difficult to keep rocking her, but he doesnt stop. It helps her, Mags had told him. He strokes her hair softly, whispers to her what he always did when this would happen ( Your name is Annie Cresta, youre 22 years old, you grew up on the beach, you won the Hunger Games, youre safe with me... ) Gradually, her breath slows to a more relaxed pace and she stops clutching Finnick so tightly. He wipes a few stray tears from her cheeks and presses a kiss to the top of her hair, caressing her cheek with his calloused fingers. "Are you okay?" He asks gently, stroking her hair with his other hand. She nods after a minute of contemplation, placing her left hand over the one on her cheek, so he can feel the coolness of her wedding band on his skin . She buries her face into his chest, sighing softly. The thin t-shirt hes wearing is damp with her tears, and it worries him. Annie hadnt been so shaken up since she found out they could be going back into the arena. He has no doubt that after he left and the nights that followed, she must have been in much worse condition than this, and it leaves a pang of guilt in his chest knowing how awful it wouldve been for her with neither him nor Mags to coax her back to sleep and assure her she was safe. And her being in the Capitol, with absolutely no one she knew except Johanna and Peeta - and that was only vaguely - it was too much for Finnick to bear, knowing it was inadverdently his own fault as he hadnt set any conditions for Annies safety being so preoccupied with Katniss and Peetas. "Whats wrong, Annie?" He asks, not fooled at all. His fingers twirl a lock of her auburn hair absentmindedly, and he grips her hand with the other. The mattress shifts as she pushes herself off his lap, holding both his hands and stroking his palms with her thumb. From the window they see a guard passing by with who appears to be Peeta in handcuffs behind him, and she purses her lips. "Poor Peeta, they treat him like a fugitive now," she says softly, shaking her head slightly. Finnick sighs. "Annie..." She tentatively looks back at him, the same ocean green eyes that mirror her own, and she bites her lip. "Im worried." He sighs again, leaning over to kiss her cheek. "Ill be back soon, you know," he murmurs, gripping her hands. "Will you?" Her question makes him pause for a minute, as he carefully tries to form a good answer. As if reading her mind, she shakes her head. "I dont want you to lie so I dont worry, Finn," she says. He bites his lip, pulling her closer to him. "I never understood how you did that, you know. You always knew what I was going to say." She looks at him, and he knows better than to beat around the bush. "Annie, my life isnt guaranteed out there, and you know it as well as I do." Her face crumples, and Finnick mentally punches himself for wording it that way. "Then dont go," she pleads, tears welling up in her foam-green eyes. "Stay with me." Gazing into her eyes, hes half convinced to drop out of the mission tomorrow morning, but he shakes his head regretfully and sighs. "Darling, I cant. Were still in the Games, only now its us against Snow. And we cant afford to let Snow win, not again. Can you imagine how horrific life would be if they crush the rebellion for a second time? The first thing theyd do is kill all the victors, then the rebels like Plutarch and Coin. Theyd massacre all thats left of us, and then what would happen to the poor people that are left over? Theyd be punished for no reason. We cant let that happen." Annie nods, but still wraps him in a bone-crushing hug all the same, and he starts rocking her again. "What about us, Finn?" She asks, and he closes his eyes and wishes he could just freeze this moment, never having to leave his wifes side again. His wife. It felt so amazing to finally be able to call her that, and to have his ring on her finger and her ring on his, tying them to each other endlessly. And he knew, without a doubt, he would do everything and more in his power to be able to wrap his wife in his arms again. He knew he would come back. "Im coming back, Annie," he says, a new determination in his voice. "And once this is all over were going back to District 4. Were all going to donate the money we got from being Victors to the new Capitol, and theyre going rebuild all the districts with it. Well have a house on the beach, and a boat, and well fish and have picnics and swim and everything we couldnt do under Snow. Ill never have to leave you for another Capitol woman again, and well have a family, like we always said we would. Well finally be free, Annie." Annie holds him tighter, but nods. "A family," she murmurs approvingly. "No Reaping Day." "No Reaping Day," he repeats, nodding. "Our children will never have to worry about the Hunger Games, and will never have the threat of the Capitol over them. Nobodys children will. Well all be free at last." Its enough convincing for Annie, knowing that should Finnick and the other rebels succeed, her children will never have to endure the horrors that she or their father did, and neither will any other children. She thinks of Katniss little sister, Primrose, whom shes been told to call Prim. Shed been reaped before Katniss volunteered, but