A/N Hi everybody! This is a story I started to write several years ago, but abandoned due to my busy schedule. However I've forgotten my password & email address I used to log in. My previous user names are "Roshinlevy" and "crazyarwencullen". As there are many requests to continue my stories I thought of re-uploading them using this account. I'm doing slight changes. Hope you enjoy. Chapter 1 They thought I'm a god I walked aimlessly, moving from one shade to another. I didn't want any humans catching glimpse of my scarlet eyes. There were some women giggling in front of a bar, smelling heavily of vodka .Always …. Drunken or not, Women never bothered to look at my eyes, their lustful eyes just feast on my body. Yet I didn't want to take a risk. My mind wandered on its' own. Though I didn't want to hear any of it, I heard everything, One woman in that group wearing a short red dress was flirting with a man who looked ten years younger than her. "What if I just bend down pretending I dropped some thing….he will see my…." Ugh! I cut her off from my mind. "Bitch….what a slut.I even paid for her drink & now she's trying to seduce the only good looking man here….!" "mmm…she looks yummy…." "Yes baby… scream…. Fight…no one will hear you….tasty. Love the way you writhe under me… aaah… you bit me bitch. You're gonna pay for that!" I stopped in my track. That last thought didn't come from either of these humans. It came from somewhere else, not distance… somewhere near. My pray is close...…. I backed off to the dark ally behind the bar which smelled of dirty shirts, spilled liquor, vomit and rotting food. But I inhaled, my pray was near, and I had to be hurry before that monster get what it wants. Running at my full speed to the destination where I guessed his thoughts emerged, I tried listening to him again. I needed the exact place. It was difficult. To filter his thoughts from hundreds. Yet, it was not impossible….. Finally I found his dark mind. The man was pressing down a weak human girl on the rough ground, her lips were swollen where he hit her after she bit him, and blood drops were oozing from a corner. She was screaming, But her voice was drowned in loud pop music coming from somewhere near. Yes! I knew that night club. Everything around me turned to a blur as I sped my way to that place. I saw her eyes through his eyes, deep brown eyes filled with fear, tears streaming down her cheeks, she struggled as he tore off her cloths and flinched away trying to shove him off when he started grabbing her exposed skin roughly. But he didn't last for long. I was really glad for the music as it drowned the pained scream of that filthy man as I hurled him to the back wall. I was satisfied when I heard his elbow hit the wall and arm bone crack. "What the fuck…" He didn't get a chance to finish his sentence. When I threw him on the ground he screamed again. "Who the hell !my arm…!you son of bitch! I'm going to kill you!" I smiled as his mind formed a plan to finish me off. I love to see them trying. But I wanted to finish this as soon as possible. It was late and I was hungry. "you're the only one dying tonight.." I whispered to his ear and bit his neck. He smelled terrible. And he struggled, pleading like he was the most innocent living thing in this world and begged not to kill him. His feeble struggles stopped along with his heart beat. I drained his body to the last drop, making sure I make no mistakes... . I'll have to take care of the body later….. Then I realized I'm not alone in that ally…... Usually the rape victim runs for there dear lives after I pulled the man away from them. Sometimes they see my inhuman appearance (or beauty as some call it) , with red eyes and believe I'm some kind of a god or a super hero sent to rescue them. Or their survival instincts just scream them to flee. Run away from the worst monster. So they ran. But this girl here hasn't. And I was positive she witnessed me killing that man. "Damn it"I silently cursed myself for not dragging him away before killing him. She must be terrified to death right now. Too shocked to move. I wiped my bloodied mouth clean & turned to her .she was still lying on her back, looking at me with a blank, horrid expression on face. Head light of a car passing near the other end of that ally illuminated I noticed several things I didn't notice at the heat of the fight, and in that same moment a sudden wind blew her warm scent crashing on to my face…. She looked so fragile, pale, yet really beautiful. And she was almost naked, bruised & bleeding. Her thought were somehow so quiet... And she has the most delicious & sweetest blood I smelled in my existence….. BPOV I couldn't move. I wanted to believe what I saw was just another dream.I will wake up in my bed when my mom kiss me in another several minutes, a sweet thing she usually does when I'm restless. And I could laugh at my own foolishness for dreaming about rapists & hot vampires rescuing me! But a small voice in my head told me that this is not a dream... Your mother forgot to pick you up after your music class Bella…. While you're walking home, stumbling & fidgeting nervously, a drunken man caught you when you passed that dark ally & dragged you with the intention of raping you... He almost raped you Bella. Feel your bruised arms, bloodied lip, your cloths are torn apart... This is not a dream! This is not a dream & he is a vampire! He just bit a man, drank from him, killed him….oh god...OH MY GOD…. I felt sick.I'm feeling sick….I wanna throw up….. I'm not sure whether I should be glad about this or not. He just rescued me from that man. He must have probably saved my life too. But I saw that man withering under his grip. Blood streaks stained the ally. I wondered whether I'm his next pray. But I couldn't move. I was caught by the grace of that god like creature, correction – monster in front of me. yet, I felt safe, I knew I should be running away screaming, but I couldn't….. He slowly turned to face me. I saw he wipes his mouth clean. His movements were slow…like he doesn't want to scare me. But it reminded me of a cat slowly crawling to catch a mouse. But he didn't crawl, or jumped on. He just turned and stared at me. His gaze followed my dirt covered toes, bare legs.. my torn skirt slightly covered me, and my blouse was open revealing my cotton underwear. I covered myself as his intense gaze lingered on my neck. I was embarrassed though I couldn't see his face in the dark, he saw my body from the light of a car on streets. He took two steps forward. And I automatically backed away against the wall. He took another slow step. And then I saw him. If I say He was handsome, It's an understatement, he was perfect. His body was a work of art. Long and strong arms, strong chest, abs,perfect jaw and lips and all.. But eyes…..those freaked me out! He had red eyes! Those were like blood! He stared at me from those freaky scarlet eyes so long that I thought I'm going to turn insane. Then I cleared my throat. "ugh..mm.." He looked like he's holding his breath. Not moving a muscle. Just staring…creepy…no wonder…he's a vampire "Thanks, for saving me" my voice still sounded broken, husky. I cleared my throat again. He just and stared...I saw his fist clenching I stood up. My back pack was thrown to a corner. I found it & tried to tide myself .one of my flip flops was broken. mom will kill herself today if she finds what happened...she was blaming herself since I turned eight..my mommy was my best friend,she cares about me,though sometimes she forgets certain (important) things like cooking meals and stuff, she's the best mom one can have. I must not breath a word about this.I must go home before she arrive. I buttoned my blouse & saw the dead body as I straightened my skirt. I shivered. A chill ran up my spine. He killed him! He killed him! "You killed him" It wasn't an accuse, just a statement of fact. He didn't move yet. I met his eyes & jumped when clearly saw his expression. His face was a face of a tortured, broken man. Yet his eyes were filled with hatred, He's in such an agony & pain, for a while I forgot to breath. His eyes shone with a burning hostility, he looked like he want to kill me too! Why? Why he hates me? Is it because he had to kill that man because of me? Or Is he still hungry? what if he want to drink from me as well? Yeah he saved me… I can offer him some blood. I was amused. It sounded so stupid & I had the feeling that this is a weird dream again…It must be. It's not making any sense. I took a step forward & a faint growl escaped from his mouth. He rolled his lip bearing a set of perfect white teeth Whoa! Fangs ! but those don't look like fangs … I'll wake up in the morning & regret that why I didn't kiss you or let you bite me… I took another step. Then several things happened at once. He lunged at me, I was thrown back by a strong hard arm & I fell. Cursing him I stood up to see a glimpse of a black jacket in the other corner of the ally, it was just a blur, Running away from me…..I looked down & realized that the body was gone too. But I knew that happened. I finally realized this is not a dream. Because I saw blood on the ally. And there was something which doesn't belong to that place there.I picked it up. It was a leather wrist band, with a green stone in the middle. There were some foreign letters carved around it in silver. I put it in my pocket & left the ally. I was like a sleep walker, my mind was empty. I had questions. I knew I won't ever have answers…and I had to reach home before my mother arrive. To clean myself up & prepare to lie. But I knew one thing. Life won't be same ever again….. EPOV I wanted that blood….. I can not explain how her blood smells like. Like a juicy fruit, peach? Cherry? Apples? Strawberry? No…. much better. Fruits and Flowers. Warm …. Soothing …tasty. Tasty? That's what that fucker called her. A tasty . I licked my lips. My throat is burning…I can't believe I emptied a whole human several seconds ago. She set my whole body burning. My mind screamed.I couldn't think about anything else…my mind was wrapped around it, repeating the same mantra again and again... Blood! Blood! I want her.I NEED HER….. Tasty … I realized I'm walking to her, my legs working on it's own accord. Tasty… warm …. Tasty! That word made my stop. I wasn't a monster like that. The one who tried to rape her. Called her tasty , licking her face. I wasn't a monster. But… I