I'm getting older, but today I just want to hold onto Mama's hand. I want to but I can't, because she's got both her hands full. One of her arms is busy holding Nan up on her hip because the baby's too little to walk fast. She just toddles one shaky leg at a time, and falls over on her face and cries. She always wants to walk now, but today someone's got to carry her. She was whining and squirming because she wanted to get down, but now that she sees this swarming field of strangers, I think she's okay letting Mama carry her. Mama's other hand is holding onto Lily and making sure she doesn't get lost. Lily's only three and she still thinks Mama and Daddy and Granny can do anything just because they're grown up. She doesn't know that if she gets lost in this crowd we might never find her. District Eleven's got more people than even Mama can count, and she went to school for longer than any of us. More land than she can count, too. When I ask how big she says, "You haven't even seen a tiny piece of it, Ryllis." My sister used to take me to work with her so I could help make money. We climbed trees together and I could see pretty far from the highest ones, miles, I think, and I've still never seen the fence. And then Mama told me what I've seen, that's not even a tiny piece of all of Eleven. I couldn't imagine something so big. Mama says I could meet one new person here every single day of my life and not meet them all, even if I got to be as old as Granny. Granny is so old, she was a little girl the year of the first Quarter Quell. This year will be the third. If she remembers that she must be at least eighty years old, but she doesn't remember her years. After a while they say you don't see the point in counting your years, but I don't know. I think I'll always want to know my year. Zaley and Annie hold onto my hands because they can't hold Mama's either and I'm the next best thing because I'm the next oldest here. Daddy doesn't count because he's home with the wasting-away sickness that makes people all skinny, and Granny stayed home in case he needs anything. They're the only two who don't have to come to see the victors. We'd all stay home if we were allowed. But actually, maybe I would come. I want to see Katniss. I want her to say something about Rue. I don't want her to forget my sister. I don't want anyone to forget. I want to hear her say it, and I think Mama and Zaley and Annie do too. Nan and Lily are too little to remember. Nan was still tiny last year when my sister got up on the stage and went away forever. The rest of us were crying and trying to keep breathing, and Nan just kept drinking down her milk under Mama's shirt. Nan and Lily won't even remember Rue, but the rest of us will never forget. My sister. I don't know how she did what she did, and I don't know how I'll ever be able to do it as well. She didn't have enough to eat, but she'd skip meals and let us divide her food up and gobble it down. She worked every day, as hard as any of the adults, to bring home enough money so we could eat. She taught me how to climb trees so I could come help her during harvest. Now I'm the oldest sister and I don't know how to do it. That's how Katniss ended up in the Games. She was being a big sister. So now her sister gets to live. And mine was the same age and she died anyway. I wonder, though—if it was Zaley or An, would I be brave enough to volunteer instead of them? I don't know. I really don't know. I don't want to think about it. But Zaley and Annie are six and five, so I don't have to worry about that yet. I only have to worry about my own name right now. I'm nine years old. Only three more years until my name goes in the ball. My family needs me, too. Since Rue's gone, they need me more than ever. Rue and I used to do all the hard work and earn most of the money. Daddy got too sick and Mama's busy with the babies and Granny's old. They all do what they can, but it isn't enough. Mama watches other peoples' babies for them so they can work. Granny makes herb medicines and sells them cheap because when someone gets sick, no one here can afford the special medicines that come from the Capitol. If you're sick you either fight it on your own or you die. Granny is Daddy's Mama and she moved in with us because she couldn't keep fixing up her house anymore. She's the one who had a family tradition of naming us for plants. Rue, Amaryllis, Azalea, Anise, Lily, and Nandina. Katniss's sister is named for a flower too. I just remembered. I hadn't heard of primrose before. I hadn't heard of katniss either, but now we all know that word. We can't get any farther through the crowd. We're supposed to go stand in front, up on the platform for the tributes' families, but the crowd is too thick to let us through. In a place this big, they don't recognize us. We're just another group of pushing, brown-skinned, curly-haired people. Well, until the Peacekeepers see us and begin to push their way through. People pull away from them, and the white-suited people move easily toward us. No one wants to touch a Peacekeeper. Zaley tries to act like she's not scared, straightening up and staring right in their eyes. I squeeze her hand to remind her she can't do anything to get us in trouble, which she actually might. Zaley likes to be the brave one, but Peacekeepers aren't a game. She wasn't there the day they shot Martin for putting the glasses in his pants or whipped Delilah because she was eating crops while she worked. They didn't even warn them or think first. They just drew their weapons and bam. It was that fast. We're so powerless. Zaley doesn't understand that or she wouldn't stand up so stiff and glare right in their faces. They could do the same to us as they did to Martin in not even a second, right here, right now, they could whip out their guns and bang and there wouldn't be any consequences. Zaley doesn't want to understand that but she has to. Annie holds tight to my hand and presses up to my side as the Peacekeepers come closer. She's scared of them. Well, who's not? I don't like even being close to the men in white who tower over me and have whips and guns in arms' reach. No whips and guns for us today, though. They just stand in two lines, forming a white path just for us. Now everyone is staring. Now they know who we are. I feel like I can't even look them in the eye, so I sneak glances at them as I pass and it startles me to realize that one of them has brown skin. He must be from here. I've never seen dark brown skin on anyone but District Eleven people. I can tell Zaley is glaring extra-hard at that man. I don't know how he ended up in the Peacekeepers but just because he has skin like ours, I can't help thinking he is a traitor for being in that uniform. He doesn't seem to notice our accusing gaze. He just stares forward like all the other Peacekeepers do. Up at the platform, we all look straight ahead toward the stage. I don't want to look behind us and see miles of tired eyes and skinny arms and hopeless grown-ups holding hopeless kids. I can't even tell them apart, it's all just one long field of sad and tired. I bet that's what we look like to them and it's funny to think of that, of anyone looking over my Mama in a crowd and not knowing who she is. She's a short woman with wide, dark pink lips. She wears her hair in a braided wreath to keep it out of her way. Her skin's lighter than ours but darker than Daddy's. She's always got the baby up on her hip and she likes to tell stories. When we were little and we were scared, she'd tell us a story about something. Her slow, quiet voice made us calm and her words made us forget. She sings, too, if she thinks nobody's listening but the baby. When we got old enough that she stopped singing to us, Rue started. That's another thing of Rue's that I can't do. Or can I? I've never actually tried. I'm going to have to remember to do that. I want to try singing so that I'll remember the songs Rue used to sing. And I can pass them on so Nandina and Lily remember too, and then they can have something of Rue even if they don't remember her. Katniss and Peeta aren't here yet. The stage of the crumbling Justice Building is empty. Mama lets go of Lily and tells her sternly, "You stay right where we can see you. Do not go wandering off, Lily, do you understand?" "All right, Mama." "What did I tell you to do?" "Stay." "Good girl." Lily can't stay still, she's got so much energy. She's lucky she's too little to understand. She hops around the platform pretending to be a bird in the field, pulls on her braided pigtails, and sings up at a passing mockingjay overhead, trying to get it to mimic her, but it ignores her voice. She tries again, louder. She doesn't understand how to let the gentle tones flow like a stream. She's making mincemeat of sound. Of course they ignore her. "Lily, listen." I sing carefully, four notes, the four notes that Rue taught me. Now that she's gone, I'm the one to climb the tree at the end of the day and sing it so the mockingjays pick it up and carry the sound all over the fields. I'm the one watching a chain reaction of workers stopping to listen, packing up their tools, heading home to their families. I'm good at it now. The mockingjay sings it right back down to us, flying another lazy loop above us. Lily claps and grins. "Again again again!" She demands. "Ryllie, again! Do it again, Ryllie!" So I keep doing it until the mockingjay flies away. "Hey. I thought you might want to know," says a serious voice. We all turn at once, like a startled flock of birds. A big, dark girl is standing next to Mama. It's Thresh's sister—I don't remember her name—so his family must be here. She points to the front of the crowd, where an old man in overalls is talking to a bunch of people. Some are nodding, others shake their heads and frown. "That's Crow. He's been saying if they say anything to thank us, we should all do that thing they do in Twelve." She puts three fingers to her lips and holds them out. Mama and I look at each other, both nervous. I want to show her respect if she honors my sister. But that, here, could be dangerous. "What's he think he's doing? That man is going to get everybody killed." Mutters Mama. "I want to do it!" Zaley says boldly. "For Rue. Because