Tyren had been walking for half the day and now part of the night, yet he still had no idea where he was. If only he had listened to his Uncle who had warned him many times not to wander too far into the forest - especially at night. But Tyren loved the forest more than any other place. He spent most of his days (and some nights) exploring and was always most careful not to lose his bearings when he pushed the limits - save this day. This day he went further than he ever had before, thinking all the while that he knew the way back, but the forest was a funny place that would sometimes change right before your very eyes. He thought sure with all his walking he would have found a tree, or a rock or anything at all that was familiar to him, but there was nothing. Finally exhausted and frustrated and hopeless and scared, he did what any other child would do – he collapsed against the nearest unfamiliar tree and began to sob. Suddenly he heard a noise and snapped his head up, expecting to see some monster coming for him, but instead of a monster, he saw a bright sparkling orange orb of light no bigger than a woodland moth hovering above a tree branch right in front of him. Filled with amazement, he stopped sobbing and starred at the tiny orb for the longest time, wondering what it could be. Finally, his curiosity got the better of him and he stepped closer for a better look. Startled by the sudden movement, the tiny Orb made a squeaking sound and shot backwards. "No please wait." Tyren said urgently. The tiny orb stopped. "Don't be afraid." He insisted and continued stepped forward slowly. "I won't hurt you." When he got closer, he was amazed to realize he was looking at some sort of fairy with fluttering wings and pointed ears similar to his own, only this little creature was not like him, this creature was a…. "Are you a fairy?" He asked with the wonderment that only a child of the forest could possess. The little creature nodded its head sheepishly. "My uncle has told me many tales of fairies, but I've never seen one with my own eyes." Tyren explained as he starred almost mesmerized by the bright sparkling wings. "Your wings are really nice." The fairy blushed and gave Tyren a bashful shrug as it hovered, twisting back and forth in mid air, delighted. It was then that he realized the little creature was a she. "I am Tyren Alvendar." He said giving her a little bow. "I live in a castle just beyond the forest, where my uncle is king. They say I am a prince, though I am not quite sure if that is true or not, but in any case, I am pleased to make your acquaintance." The fairy curtseyed. "Do you live near?" He asked her. She shook her head and pointed further into the forest. Tyren nodded. "Are you lost as well?" Again the little fairy shook her head then she pointed to Tyren. "Yes I am lost. I've been walking for hours and I still can't find my way back." He paused suddenly, hit with an idea. "Do you know the way?" The fairy nodded her head with a smile. "Will you show me?" She nodded again. Tyren followed as the fairy led him through brush, over streams, under fallen trees, over rocks, and all the way through the forest to where things began to look familiar. When he reached the edge of the forest where the clearing began he turned to her very excited and amazed. "You did it. You led me home." She grinned at him. "I never thought home would look so good. How can I ever possibly thank you enough?" She shrugged. "Look, I must go this instant as I am sure everyone in the kingdom is looking for me by now, but do you think the next time I am in the forest I could make your acquaintance again?" He asked her. She shot forward suddenly looking very excited and began nodding her head quickly. Tyren reached his hand out to her and waited till she placed her tiny little hand on his first finger. "Until we meet again then my Lady…." He said and leaned forward and kissed it gently. "Thank you again for helping me. I will never forget your kindness." He said. The tiny Fairy's orange glow turned the same bright shade of pink of her now flushed cheeks as she shrugged her shoulders upward and began twisting back and forth in the air in front of him. He bid her farewell and after one last bow he ran through the brush and into the clearing towards the castle. When he got near the gate and saw that the guests were starting to arrive he decided to enter a different way - Around the back and up the ivy, and in through the window off the kitchen, where he gave everyone quite a start. "Good heavens! Prince Tyren! Your aunt has been searching for you. Where have you been?" Misses Thatcher cried as she helped him through the window. "And just look at the state of you." Tyren looked. xxxxx The celebration was soon to get underway, and Arietta was beginning to get frustrated with everyone, especially the young men in the household. The girls had given her no trouble past what they would wear and once that was decided, they spent the day primping and preparing. The male members of her family on the other hand - Uh, those men! She was about to ring every one of their necks, the king included. The bath was prepared early enough to get all of them in and out and finished in time for the celebration, but of course her brother, the King - who was first as he was the head of the household - spent far too long soaking and napping in the warm water. She had to pop her head in twice to wake him, ordering him on the second to finish so the rest of the house could take their turn. Kelvin was next after that, and then Jarrett then Rudd then Braden then Dulcin then Lander till finally it came to the last – Tyren. Where in the name of all the gods was Tyren? She went to the hall, but he was not there. 'Ah, the kitchen,' she thought, 'trying to get to the sweets no doubt.' and she headed that way and that's when she caught a glimpse of movement out of the corner of her eye. She snapped her head in that direction and there he was in front of Miss Thatcher looking a filthy mess. "Tyren!" she shouted as she stepped closer, looking him up and down, completely shocked at the state of him. "Just look at yourself." Tyren looked down at himself for the second time that evening. He was covered in dirt and mud and bits of leaves, his shirt and trousers were torn, he reeked of sweat and the forest. "Where on the good earth have you been?" "Exploring." Tyren said as a matter of fact. "Exploring what I can only guess. You look like you've been rolling in the mud." She said, still gawking at him. "I slipped and rolled down a hill." She shook her head and sighed then suddenly there was this look on her face as if she had just decided something in her mind and she snatched him by the arm. "Come with me." She said pulling him along. "Come where? What are you doing?" "You need a bath young man." "A bath, I don't need a bath. All I have to do is change my clothes and I'll be as good as new." He protested. "This is a very important celebration and I will not have any of you not looking your best. Now come, please. I have much to do and no time for foolishness." She said, her voice sounding stressed. Just then Rudd turned the corner in front of them, freshly bathed and nicely dressed in a fine green tunic. His eyes went wide when he saw his filthy young cousin in his Aunts grasp. "Oh, thank the Gods, Rudd." Arietta said with a great amount of relief. "Would you please see to it that this mess of a child gets cleaned up and dressed appropriately?" Rudd looked as if she were asking him to pull out his own teeth. "But Auntie, I was just on my way down to the festivities." He protested in a voice that was very close to a whine. "And I am not a baby." Tyren added. "I can get myself cleaned up and dressed." "If that were true, you would have done it without argument." She said pushing the younger lad into the older one. "Please Rudd, the guests are starting to arrive and I need to get down there." "I am the son of the King in case anyone has forgotten and I need to get down there as well. Besides…." He said shifting his eyes to the boy. "…the little rat is not my responsibility." Arietta took a sudden step toward the flippant young man who now towered over her with a look on her face that made him take a step back. "Now you listen to me – Son of the King." She snarled, her voice beginning to rise. "I am the Sister of the King as well as your aunt and I say that you will do as I ask of you or I swear I will revoke your invitation to the festivities and have you locked in your chambers for the remainder of the evening. Now, what say you to that?" Now very regretful, Rudd began to back step. "Now Auntie…I did not mean any disrespect I was simply saying…..." he tried. "I don't care what you were simply saying! I only want you to do as you were told, now can you do that or Not?!" She demanded. Rudd nodded his head, completely compliant, and respectful now. "Yes my Lady." "Thank you!" She snapped then simply turned on her heels and marched herself down the corridor to see to her guests. Both lads watched her back till she was gone, then they both turned to each other – one angry and one smirking. "What are you grinning at, blast you?" Rudd snarled as he grabbed the boys arm and jerked him forward. "Come on!" "Ouch! Stop pulling on me! You're hurting my arm!" Tyren shouted "Oh shut up!" Rudd snapped as he dragged the child to the bathing chamber and shoved him through the door, sending him stumbling across the floor. XXXXXX Claudette, the newest addition to the castle staff, was in the bathing chamber dumping pots of hot water into the wooden tub to warm it up for one of the prince's she had heard had just arrived. It was not normally her station to be in the bathing chambers, but was overjoyed to oblige when Miss Thatcher asked her to oversee the task. Any chance to see one of the Prince's that closely was fine with her. She had a wee bit of a crush on each and every one of them, especially Jarrett, the eldest with his dark hair and emerald eyes that always seemed to dance every time he smiled, which was quite often. It was him she was daydreaming about when the door burst open and hit the stone wall, giving her quite a start. She jumped and spun around, not knowing what to expect, and that is when she saw Rudd, the largest of all the Princes with his broad shoulders and muscular arms and every bit as handsome as his older brother, only with chestnut eyes. With him