Grimmauld Place, 4th June 1998 Harry let out a soft groan as he stood, his body stretching in a way that made his back pop and crack in relief after sitting for so long in the same position. The book he had been reading, Soul Magics and Bonds: The Lost Rituals, hadn't had the answers he was looking for and he was almost at the point of losing hope that he would find any answers. He was currently residing in the newly restored Grimmauld Place, more specifically the famous, or rather infamous, Black family library. When he had returned to the house for the first time days after the battle, Harry was surprised to see that the damage done by the war wasn't as excessive as he had imagined. Sure, it had been ransacked but most of the furniture was redeemable with a few scouring and repairing charms - and, with the help of Kreacher, the house was soon habitable. Luckily the library and a few other rooms had been spared completely thanks to the Black family's previous paranoia: certain rooms required Black blood to open and allow people in. Resigned that he wouldn't find what he was looking for tonight, Harry made his way to the kitchen. Kreacher popped into existence as soon as he reached his target. "What can Kreacher do for great Master Harry?" The elf asked. Exhausted, Harry sat down. "Can you heat me up whatever is left over? Oh, and a cup of tea, please." Harry soon found himself smiling softly as Kreacher mumbled to himself about great masters and mighty wizards who were too stubborn. Chuckling under his breath, Harry waited for his food; he knew Kreacher would have prepared a meal for him earlier as the elf had come to recognize Harry's habit of forgetting to look after himself and had taken it upon himself to ensure his "Great Master" was properly cared for. Tucking in when the food appeared moments later, Harry thought back to what had led him here. Ever since the final battle, when he had finally fulfilled his destiny and that damned prophecy, Harry had been feeling empty and devoid, like his life had lost its meaning. At first he put it down to survivor's guilt, even if he did technically die. Yet, the feeling still remained, always there, subtly growing like a cancer in his mind. In the days that followed the battle, Harry had found it hard to connect to the people around him. The few remaining Order members were all there, asking him question after question - watching him, wanting to know how he did it, and the public was the same. They all were wanting interviews with the newly dubbed saviour, the Light's hero. Even Ron and Hermione had questioned him with something like suspicion after the battle. Hogwarts, 2nd May 1998 "Are you sure you're alright, mate?" Ron asked, staring at Harry intently. "I'm fine, Ron," Harry assured firmly, tired of the questions and just wanting to go to sleep, as he looked around the destruction and carnage with sad eyes. "Maybe you should go be with your family," he suggested gently, seeing the remaining Weasleys huddled together in their grief in a far corner. During this Ron and Hermione exchanged a glance that went unseen by Harry. "You know you're considered family right?" Ron asked. "Especially now." Harry nodded absently. "Yeah, I know," he agreed, thinking about all the family had done for him. They had taken him in, fed him, and housed him in the summer; they had loved him like their own. "And don't forget about you and Ginny," Hermione added, staring intently at the boy saviour. Harry frowned at this slightly, thinking of his ex-girlfriend. He just didn't feel the connection anymore, the excited nervousness in his stomach when he thought about the fiery redhead. "Me and Ginny? You know we broke up," he said. Ron frowned slightly before smiling. "Well yeah, but you did that for her protection! It's obvious you love her, mate," he said with conviction. Hermione quickly jumped in before Harry could think. "Of course Harry, you're perfect for each other!" Harry shook his head slowly but didn't say anything, and his silence was taken as agreement by them both. His two friends smiled and started to make their way towards the grieving remains of the Weasley family. As the trio approached the crowds parted easily, people thanking Harry even in their grief. "Oh, Harry dear!" Cried Mrs. Weasley as she pulled Harry into a tight hug. Harry, still dazed by the recent events, felt himself stiffen at the contact. Feeling this, Mrs. Weasley let him go and looked him up and down. "Oh look at you, are you hurt dear?" She asked, receiving a slow shake of his head from Harry. Releasing him with a sigh Molly stepped back in time to avoid Ginny, who had launched herself at Harry and clinged to him as she sobbed. "Oh Harry, it's so awful," she wailed, grabbing him tightly and making Harry wince as he realised that, although he wasn't seriously hurt, he was bruised and sore. That's when Harry realised who was missing. George was standing alone, well not standing, being held up by Bill and Arthur. The look on his face was void of life. Looking around with panic, Harry felt his throat tighten. "Fred?" He asked, his voice coming out unrecognisable but still carried to those around him. The only reply he got was a tightened grip and a fresh bout of crying. His eyes however were still locked on George, who looked as lost as he felt, like he had just lost half of his soul. "I'm just so happy you're alive," Ginny said, drawing attention back to herself. "How did you survive, Harry? You were dead!" She asked, almost hysterically. "I don't know," Harry said as he realised everybody had gone silent when she had spoken. "It's a miracle," Ron said after the silence had grown awkward enough for even him to recognise. "Yeah," Harry agreed half heartedly, pulling away from Ginny to rub at his neck in a nervous gesture. Looking around once again at the carnage, Harry closed his eyes, exhaustion making him sway slightly on his feat. "Oh. look at you," Molly spoke, once again pulling Harry into a hug, "you're exhausted; we're all exhausted. We should get out of here. There's nothing more to be done." Nodding because he really wanted to leave this place, Harry barely noticed the walk to the gates or apparating away with the Weasleys. In the days that followed after Harry returned to the Burrow with the Weasleys, Harry found it hard to reconnect. Bill and Fleur left the day after the battle, taking with them George who they felt needed time to try and come to terms with his grief. Harry, however, barely noticed their absence as he just wasn't there and with the amount of potions he was on from Mrs. Weasley to help him heal, he didn't mind. "How are you feeling harry?" Ginny asked a few days later, sitting down next to Harry in the living room. He had been alone for most of the day, simply sitting and trying to gather his thoughts. Shrugging Harry tried to smile at her, determined to not make her grief worse. "I'll be okay," he said finally, not wanting to lie. Ginny bit her lip at that, drawing Harry's attention to her mouth. He had kissed those lips countless times, yet he had no desire to do so again. He thought it strange, as he had had every intention of getting back with her after the war. Ginny, noticing his stare, smirked internally and slowly leaned forward, pushing her full chest against Harry's firm one and brought her lips to his. The kiss did nothing for Harry who was about to pull away in apology when they got interrupted. "Well, it's about time!" Ron shouted as he entered the room. "Ron!" Ginny squealed, snuggling up against Harry's chest in victory. Harry, however, was lost in his daze. The kiss had shocked him; making him fully realise his feelings for her - the kiss had felt wrong, like kissing his sister or a friend. "So you two finally back together, then?" Ron asked, sitting across from them with a massive smile. "Of course," Ginny said, not waiting or asking Harry, who was about to explain that they weren't back together. "Good, that's good, that's great even," Ron said. "What's great?" asked Hermione who entered the room then, smiling as she saw the position Harry and Ginny were in. "Oh, I see you two are back together now. That's perfect, just in time for school to reopen in September." Harry, who had been lost in his thoughts, slowly blinked and was now focusing on the conversation around him. Finally he spoke up. "School?" He asked. He wasn't returning to school; sure he regretted missing his last year but he couldn't sit in a school now, not after all he had been through. He would just take his NEWTs at the ministry when it was time. Hermione, who was now sitting with Ron, turned to look at him. "What about school, Harry?" "I'm not going back to school," Harry told them, surprised they thought he would want to return after everything. "What?" screeched Ginny and Hermione simultaneously. "But you must Harry!" Hermione added, trying to sound reasoning but coming across as pompous instead. "Why?" Harry dully repeated. "After everything I've been through, I just can't 'Mione." "What about me?!" Demanded Ginny. "What about you?" Asked Harry incredulously, confused as to what she had to do with anything. "You're just going to abandon me again, for an entire year?" She asked, trying to make her voice sound sad. "What about your NEWTs, Harry? You can't expect to get a job and provide for Ginny if you don't have proper qualifications! You can't expect to get a job just because you defeated Voldemort. I thought you were better than that," Hermione said, sounding disappointed. By this point Harry had had enough, pulling away from Ginny and standing. He looked around the room in anger and said, "I'm not going back to school and I don't expect anything like that Hermione. I thought you knew that, knew me." "Oh Harry I'm sorry, it's just—" "No!" Harry interrupted angrily, "I will take my NEWTs, but I'll do it alone, at the ministry." Interrupting him again Hermione spoke, "But you can't expect to do well then either, Harry! I mean I'm not saying you would fail but—" "Enough!" Harry finally shouted. "It's my decision, and I've made it. I'm not going back to Hogwarts in September. " Ron who had remained silent, finally developed a look of understanding. "You're going to become an auror instead then, right mate?" Harry just shook his head. "No, Ron. I don't think I even want to be an auror anymore." He was tired, and the thought of spending his entire life fighting just didn't appeal to him. "But - that's what we've always dreamed about," Ron said, his face becoming red. "I'm tired Ron, I just want to take some time to myself," Harry said, finally letting his voice calm and looked around the room, hoping they would understand. "Oh, Harry," Hermione said, nodding at Ginny slightly. They had been staring at each other as Ron spoke. Ginny, who had caught Hermione's look, nodded her head. "We understand," she said and stood before she made her way to hug Harry. Stepping back before she could reach him, Harry ran his hand through his hair. This was the most he'd spoken since the battle and he felt exhausted now that his anger had faded. "I'm going to go speak to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley," he said. "I think it's time I left." "You should call them mom and dad Harry," Ginny said, before she fully