It had been a long time since he had walked on two feet. It was a strange sensation to be so exposed to the environment but he managed to blend in as though he belonged in this small rural town. He wasn't sure which state he decided to stop in this time but it was definitely different from his home back in Washington. He walked until he found the first motel he saw, unfortunately for him there didn't seem to be anything besides a run down bed and breakfast. He walked into the two-story house, which on the outside looked perfectly normal with a white picket fence, blue shutters and lively green grass. There was even a flowerbed overflowing with different colorful flowers to the right of the front door. However, the moment you walked inside it was a completely different story. The carpet looked like it hadn't been washed in years and the wallpaper was peeling off the walls. He walked to the front counter and rang the small gold bell. He looked around and wondered if this was a good idea. Not that he was worry about his safety, there wasn't much out there he was afraid of anymore. He was more worried about his health. An elderly woman wearing a tattered pink floral dressed walked out with a pep in her step. "Oh dear! We have a guest! Hello, darling! How can I help you?" She said coming forward, opening the guest book that was covered in two inches of dust. "I need a room for the night. Just one night." He emphasized as he took another look around questioning his sanity at the same time. "Not a problem, dear. I'll just need a name and credit card." "Jacob Black. And I'll pay in cash." He handed over the correct amount that was posted on the wall. "Here you go, it's up the stairs and the first door on the right. I hope you find everything to your liking." She handed him a small silver key and pointed to the left where the staircase was located. He walked up to his room and slowly opened the door, afraid of what he would find. He was pleasantly surprised to see, the bedroom at least, was kept up very nicely. There was a queen size bed in the middle of the room with a nightstand on either side. There was even a television set that looked relatively modern. He threw his bag down on the blue comforter and walked into the adjacent bathroom. It was decorated with a beach theme that now that he thought about it, just about everything that he saw in the house seemed to fit that theme. He wondered if he was near the ocean. He walked over to the sink looking himself over for the first time in almost two months. He definitely needed to shave. He almost laughed thinking about how long that would take in his other form. He opted for a shower and put fresh clothes on. He shaved and then walked back downstairs, making sure to lock the door behind him. He rang the small bell again and the woman came back out. "Yes, dear?" She asked and he noted the strong southern accent this time. "Hi, I was wondering where the closest restaurant was located?" She gave him directions to a small local seafood restaurant/ bar. As he got closer he could smell the salt water. Definitely a small beach town. Once he reached the restaurant he realized it was right next to the ocean. The building itself was made of a dark wood that fit the location and was decorated with fishing nets and buoys. It was a nice warm day, something he had come to liking over the past couple of months. He knew if he ever returned to Washington it was going to be a shock to his system. There were a few people sitting outside on the dock have drinks and talking happily. He felt like he was in a scene in a movie. He started to walk over to the pier but it was almost as if something was pulling him into the restaurant. Not questioning it he walked inside and sat down at the bar. He looked around for a bartender or waitress until he saw her. It was a good thing he was sitting down or he might have fallen over. He had heard the stories a million times, how your whole world shifts the moment you lock eyes with her but he never fully understood what it would feel like, until this very moment. She had long, shiny, auburn hair that flowed to the small of her back. Her eyes were a dazzling hazel and were staring right at Jacob. He felt his heart rate increase with every step she made toward him. She appeared to be an average height, probably around 5'5'' he guessed but her legs seemed to stretch for miles. She was wearing a light blue T-Shirt with the restaurant's logo in the top left area, and a pair of torn blue jean shorts that showed of her long tan legs. "Can I get you something?" She asked and he almost melted at the sound of her voice. To anyone else it probably sounded just like an ordinary girl, but to him it was the sweetest of music. He snapped out of his daze to answer her before she started to question his sanity. "Y-yes, just a coke, please." He was able to stammer out. She smiled and fixed his drink for him. "I don't think I've seen you around before. Are you new to town?" She asked while pouring ice into a tall glass cup. "Yes, I just got here today." "I figured as much, you look a little lost." She giggled and he couldn't help the smile that stretched across his face. "Mind helping me find my way around?" He asked boldly, leaning forward ever so slightly as she placed his drink in front of him. She raised one eyebrow at his forwardness and opened her mouth to respond. "Kali! Have you finished inventory?" An older man, in his late forties, yelled from the other side of the restaurant. "Yes, it's on your desk!" She yelled back, she turned her attention back to the strange man and smiled again. "Never work with family." She joked with a wink and walked over to a different customer. He knew it was rude, but he couldn't stop staring. He really had to travel across the entire country to imprint on some random girl in a bar. But to him she wasn't just some random girl. She was the girl. The girl he would spend the rest of his life with. After a few minutes she came back and asked what he would like to eat. "What do you recommend," he asked. "Hm, well if you're a burger kinda guy, which you look like you are, we have the best Jalapeño Burger. They're huge but I always finish it, it's just that good." She was definitely his kind of girl. "Sounds good to me!" She smiled and went to go put the order in. He nursed his drink until she brought his food out, when she put the plate down he grabbed her wrist. She looked up alarmed. "Can I take you out some time? For dinner or something?" "Um, I don't know if that's such a good idea…" "Please? You won't regret it! One date, if you don't have a good time, I'll leave you alone." Which he knew wasn't true. He could never leave her now. She hesitated before she smiled and nodded. "Okay, meet me here tomorrow at six. If you are even a second late, I'm leaving." He laughed and smiled back as he let go of her arm. Once back in his room, Jacob couldn't get her image out of his head. She was it, he had to come all they way across the country to imprint! Now he had to wait a whole day to see her again. He didn't know if he could last that long. Kalista. Kalista. Kalista. She had such a beautiful name. To match her beautiful face. After a long hot shower he was able to lie down and go to sleep. "Who was that guy?" Her dad asked walking over to the bar after Jacob left. "Oh, just some tourist. It's nothing." She said casually as she finished cleaning up the bar and putting all the alcohol in the right space. "It must have been something, you agreed to go out with this guy." He stated not looking up from his clipboard. "You were spying on us? How did you even hear that?" She asked outraged. Her dad had always been the overprotective type, but he had never spied on her before. "I didn't, Jason did." "Ugh, look Dad, it's nothing, we're just going out to dinner. For Gods sake I'm 21 years old, I don't need your permission anymore!" She stomped out of the restaurant and into her old red Jeep Wrangler. She wasn't that interested in this Jacob guy, I mean he was very attractive, but she had only known him for an hour, the word "known" being a bit of an overstatement. It was more of just her dad trying to boss her around again. She moved out when she started college only coming home on the holidays but he still seemed to think she was a child. Now that it was summer she rented an apartment by the beach with her best friend, Shelly. She pulled into her driveway and turned the car off. She sat in her car for a few seconds before getting out. She walked up to the small one story house painted in a bright beachy blue color with a white trim. It was on stilts making it looked bigger on the outside. She walked up the stairs and open the door into her living room. The walls were painted a sandy color with furniture made of beach wood and a white and blue color pattern for the cushions. Shelly was sitting on the couch watching television on their modest 30" flat screen. It was Shelly and Kali's home-welcoming gift to themselves when they moved in. "Hey girl! How was work?" She asked looking up from the screen. Shelly was gorgeous with long blond hair to contrast with her tan skin. She had wide brown eyes and perfectly red lips. Whenever Kali and Shelly went anywhere Shelly was always the center of attention, which was perfectly okay to Kali. "It was alright. This guy asked me out on a date for tomorrow night, and I said yes-" "What?! You don't know what kinda guy he is? What if he murders and rapes you?!" Shelly exclaimed, cutting Kali off. Kali raised her eyebrows and looked at the TV where a crime investigation show was playing. "You've been watching too much TV, Shelly." Shelly rolled her eyes but turned the TV off anyways. "Besides, he didn't seem like a creep at all. He is gorgeous! Like drop dead beautiful! So if figured, why not? It's about time I started dating again." She said with a smile on her face as she pictured Jacob's face again. "I agree. Derrick was an ass-wipe and it is time for you to find someone else!" Shelly stated referring to Kali's ex-boyfriend Derrick. "It has been three months since y'all called it quits!" Kali nodded with a sigh. "Yeah, so anyways, Jason overheard us and told Dad. And of course, Dad flipped out. But I kindly reminded him that I was 21 and could do whatever I wanted." Shelly raised her eyebrows at the word "kindly" but didn't say anything. "He's taking me to dinner tomorrow night and as much as I hate to say it, I'm really excited. I hope he's not another ass-wipe." She worried out