"Whatdya think yer doin in here woman? This ain't no place for ya to be flauntin yerself. Git out." The barkeep was leaning heavily over the counter, his breath smelling of alcohol and badly cooked meat. He was almost in my face, which was shrouded by a dark black cloak. It didn't hide my features from curious stares but it kept the humans from seeing the pointed tip that my ears sported. It wouldn't have really mattered had they seen them, but a lot less questions were asked this way and I didn't like the way this man looked. He seemed to be someone who would use the information for ill. My companions stood at my back, facing away from the barkeep. They were keeping watch for anyone who may cause us harm. "I am here, like many travelers before, looking for a place to sleep and eat for the night." I said, keeping my voice deliberately low and smooth. The effect on him was almost immediate. Everything in him relaxed and suddenly he was very interested in us. "Who are ya?" He asked. "Where do ya hail from? Yer ain't no regular traveler I kin tell. Not with them shady fellows at yer back and yer sword at ya hip. Who be ya, and what be ya business." "Our business is our own." I replied in a clipped tone. "We simply seek shelter for the night. What say you, have you any rooms?" The barkeep stood up straight and gave me a weary glance. "All I got isa small room on the top floor. It ain't no royal rooms, but itta be outta the rain. If two of ya don't mind sleepin on the floor itta accommodate alla ya." I nodded. "That is all we need, how much?" "Twenty bronze for the room, and four more each if you wanna eat." The elf that stood closest to my back turned and placed two silver pieces on the counter, which nearly made the barkeeps eyes pop out of his head. In no time he called a boy from the back, who led us up to our room and hovered in the doorway to make sure we had everything we needed. It was indeed a small room with two beds that would accommodate two elves at once. There was a wash stand in the corner to the left of the window but other that that the room was bare. I found myself grateful to be out of the harsh weather. The boy gasped when I dropped the hood of my cloak. Jet black hair stuck to the sharp features of my face. I knew that to humans, elves were impossibly beautiful creatures and I was no exception, though to my own race I was actually rather plain. "If we may, we'd rather eat in our room." I told him. This snapped him out of his daze. "Y-Yes'm. I'll bring it up right away." And with barely a sound he made a hasty retreat from the room. "Lle tyava quell Arwenamin?" (Do you feel well my Lady?) Amras, the captain of the Queens guard, asked, placing a cool hand on my arm. "Hush," I murmured, placing my long fingers over his, "You forget I am a seasoned traveler, this journey has caused me no hardship. I had hoped that the weather would have held, but for now, we will wait out the night." This was received with quietly spoken agreements from everyone in the room. In addition to Amras and me, four more elves had been chosen to make this journey; each of them from different walks of life. Aerandir was a blacksmith from the southern most tips of the Greenwood forests. He was a tall, slender man with dark brown hair that was held in a tight braid down his back. He was the oldest of us, and never let us forget it with his good natured jokes. He was sitting down on the bed closest to the window, pulling off of his light, leather boots. Sitting on the other side of the bed was Oropher a traveling story teller. He was tall like Aerandir, but instead of having the bulk of regularly used muscles that the blacksmith had, he was rather lank and wispy. That didn't mean he wasn't strong, he could still take an enemy down just as easily as the rest of us, but it did mean he wasn't as fast at it. At the foot of their bed setting up a sleeping space, was Finrod, Amras's second in command. He was the shortest of us, but by far the best swordsman. He was a good choice as Amras's second, with his calm demeanor and willingness to obey commands. Strawberry blond hair was plastered to his gaunt face, making him looked like he'd been drowned on the way to the inn. Well, we were all probably looking the same, but he had the fairest skin, so there was a light tint of blue that made him look especially drowned. The last of us was by far the most important. Eö. He was Bereth Örelindë's oldest son and the reason there were so many elves in one space on the journey. Eö acted and looked like a royal. Even though the last couple of days had been a lot of hard riding, he had refused to wear anything other than the fine white silk that was the trademark of the dark elves royalty. Surprisingly, it had actually managed to stay undamaged so far, but I had a feeling that wouldn't last long. I would not admit this out loud, but was never very fond of him and he was fond of us even less. For most of this trip, he'd kept stubbornly quiet as we had made our way to Rivendell. It was already apparent when he stretched out in the other bed that he wasn't planning on sharing with anybody, which I knew for a fact wasn't going to be a problem for the other men in the room. Nobody wanted to volunteer to share sleeping space with him. "We can fit three to the other bed." Amras whispered into my ear. He was nearly a head taller than me, but his vibrant red hair reached down to his back so it hid us from the view of Eö when the silky tendrils spilled forward to create a curtain. Aerandir and Oropher had already situated themselves on the ground while Finrod had already relocated himself to the bed. "They did not need to move." I said indicating to the men on the floor. "They would not take no for an answer." Was his reply. "They said they have slept in the beds in the past few days, they have decided it's our turn." I found myself unable to argue, I could already feel exhaustion seeping into my bones, but before I could properly thank them for their generosity, there was a knock on the door and by silent agreement I was the one voted to answer it. The boy had come back holding a tray of stew and bread. I took the tray from him and handed it carefully to Amras. "Thank you." I said, this time in my real voice not the one I had used on the barkeep downstairs. "I hope it wasn't too much trouble to bring this to us." He shook his head vigorously. "No'm it was no trouble at all." After that there was nothing to say, but something stopped me from shutting the door on him. It may have been the way he was bobbing on his feet, or that his eyes kept darting on the direction of the stairs. Then I realized what he was doing. He was warning me. "Aier, shut the door." (short one) Eö's voice came slightly muffled; he must have had his face pressed in the mattress. The boy's face went panicky, even though the words had been in the elvish Language he must have gotten the gist of it by the Prince's tone. "Tulien." (Coming) I said even as I contradicted my own words by stepping out into the hallway. The boy looked relieved. "Should we go for a walk?" I asked casually. "Yes'm." As we headed down the hall, I absently touched my hand to the sword on my right hip. I could hear two men breathing heavily around the corner, so it was no surprise when they jumped out to attack me, shouting out violent abuse. They must not have known that they were dealing with elves, because the moment they realized it there was a moment of hesitation. That hesitation gave me the chance to take them both out with only a few well placed hits. I heard the door to our room open and then Amras's amused voice floated over to me. "Need help?" The next morning found us making the final leg of our journey to Rivendell. Eö was just as quiet as always, but the odd thing was that everyone else was the quiet as well. Something hung heavy around us and it felt as if our meeting at Rivendell wasn't going to end the way we wanted it to. The high arches and beautiful buildings glittered at us as we finally made it to the magnificent city. The Rivendell Elves treated us civilly enough, though their disdain for us was almost palpable. We were placed in beautiful rooms of pearl and jade but somehow I found myself joining Finrod in Amras's room. "Melloneamin." (My friends) was the captain's greeting to us. "I have just spoken to Elrond, the high Elf of Rivendell. He has informed me that, to make things even, only three of our party may attend the meeting of the races. Eö must go as he is our Bereth's choice, but the question is, who else will attend the meeting with him?" "You and Finrod of course." I said not even hesitating. "You are the top of the Guard, it would make the most sense for you to go." My suggestion was met with silence. "I disagree." Amras said slowly, "I think you and Finrod should go." I don't think my eyebrows could have raised any higher. "Me? Why me? I hold no position in Örelindë's court. There is no sense in my attending." "There are no women attending this meeting. It is all men," was his reply. I had no idea why this was at all relevant. Amras seemed to sense this because he continued to explain. "You may not hold a position in court but that does not mean you are not important. Your swordsmanship rivals Finrod's, Your archery skills rival mine, Your way of telling stories rivals Oropher, you are much more civil that Eö and your not afraid to keep him in line. Aerandir is the only one to catch up too, but we can not send him, for he doesn't know the procedures. You're our best choice and I intend to put you in a position that shows it." "And what of you?" I asked. "You are the captain of the guard, should you not be there too?" "Putting three known and very powerful persons to one meeting will be seen as arrogant or defensive. They do not know of you, but if I stand by your side it may give away how powerful you really are. Finrod is known barely so it is not an intimidating line up." That meant that he was using the fact that I was a woman to soften the fears of the races. Unfortunately there was a flip side to this plan. Sending me out there to the meeting may signify weakness instead to them. "Are you sure you want to do this? We do not know why the light elves have called for us. I can only assume it has something to do with the darkness that has started to settle over the land, and