A/N: This one shot was part of a wonderful little collaboration over on Facebook called What's in Santa's Sack. It was done to promote fun, love, and excitement for the fandom. Thanks to Twiddler83 for all her hard work on the Sack! She also did some pre-reading on this baby and the ever sweet blueeyedcherry who worked her magic red pen magic! *mwah* to you both! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or the characters.. I do own Amelia and sappy mind. ENJOY! The crowd rushed by me as I stood off to the side waiting by the Proactiv Solution kiosk. I was glad to see the obnoxious blond that normally worked there was absent. In her place stood a small man that had the tenacious desire to make every person stop and try his free samples. He had been eyeing me, but I knew the secret was to avoid prolonged eye contact. I scanned the crowd of passing Christmas shoppers looking for her. I was hungry and she was never this late. A quick glance at my watch showed that she was ten minutes tardy. A soft bump against me had me looking up and ready to tell who ever bumped me to watch where they were going. Luckily I looked before I spoke. "Sorry I'm late. Had an irate mother who wanted to return a bib with puke stains on it." Bella rolled her eyes and I just smiled. "No mention of puke before I consume my lunch," I scowled causing her to laugh; it was nice to see her relaxed. It wasn't a normal state of being for her. Most days she was just this side of stand-offish and reserved. I've been lucky to be on the receiving ends of her rare smiles. "What's your pick for today?" I asked as we made our way to the food court. Since it was right in the middle of the lunch rush, so getting there was slow going. Out of the corner of my eye I saw her tap her chin in deep thought. "I think I'll choose Panda Express. I'm in the mood for rice." She rubbed her tummy and my eyes were drawn to a small slice of exposed skin. I groaned not only at her choice but also at the skin exposure. Bella loved to torture me when it was her turn to pick our lunch destination because she knew I never got full on Chinese. We stood in line and while Bella pondered picking between beef and broccoli or shrimp lo mein, I wondered for the millionth time whether she would ever see as me more than a friend. I met her almost two years ago when she first started as the store manager of Cutie Pie Clothing. It turned out her friend was the designer and was expanding her stores and Bella was in need of a job. So Bella was tapped as the manager and the store moved in next to the one I worked at, Cullen's Home Creations, which my family owned. She came over in need of register paper. She looked a bit flustered and I offered to help her out. Over time we developed a lunch routine and now we had lunch at least three times per week. In the beginning I tried hard to get her to go out with me. I was attracted to her from day one. She had shoulder length brown hair, the most striking green eyes, and the poutiest, most kissable lips. Or at least they looked kissable, I'd never gotten close enough to her to actually kiss her. Each time I asked her out, she would turn me down. Each rejection was like a deep blow to my ego. I've never had an issue getting the ladies to say yes before, so Bella was an enigma in that aspect. After a while I just settled on being her friend, as much as I hated it. With our plastic trays filled with piles of rice, noodles, and fragrant meat, we found a table over by the fireplace that stood in the middle of the food court. For a few minutes we ate in silence, both us rather hungry, and food was more important than conversation. Not that silence with Bella was a bad thing. It was rather comfortable. "Got any plans for tonight?" asked Bella. For a moment I got excited that maybe she wanted to go out. But her next words crushed that hope just as fast. "I heard it was going to snow. Supposed to get over six inches," She pouted at the idea of snow and it was adorable. She wasn't a Minnesota native, and even though she lived here for about three years, she wasn't used to the winters and all the snow. It seemed all the rain in Seattle didn't translate well into snow for her. "I've got a family thing." My face scrunched up at the idea of my family obligation. It wasn't something that I enjoyed doing, but all of us boys promised to help out and when a Cullen makes a promise we keep it come hell or high water. "What about you?" I asked. A slight guarded look crossed her face, but when I blinked it was gone. "I have a family thing as well." She forked some rice into her mouth and I knew that was the end of our conversation. This time, when the silence descended, it felt as if Bella was miles away. "How much time do I have left?" I asked my cousin, Tanya, who was standing next to me. "Ten minutes," she replied. "I'm going to start cleaning up so we can get out of here faster. I checked the weather and it's snowing hard." I nodded and her elf hat jingled as she walked away. Not only did our family own a store at the Eden Prairie Mall, we also owned the Santa Workshop stand where kids would come to sit on Santa's lap to tell him their deepest Christmas wishes and dreams. This year my two brothers and I agreed to help my dad, who was the one who spent the majority of the time in the scratchy Santa suit. I glanced at my watch and noticed I had five minutes left when I heard a small voice say, "Excuse me, Santa." I looked up to see a girl with dark brown wavy hair and bright blue eyes that looked very serious, almost too serious for a person her age. "Well hello there, young lady. Did you want to come here and tell me what you want for Christmas?" She bit her lip and nodded. I prayed that she wasn't going to be a puker or a crier as I situated her on my lap. "What is your name?" I asked. "Amelia and I'm eleven years old." She paused and regarded me very carefully before she craned her neck toward my ear. I bent down so that she could whisper what she wanted. "I know you're not the real Santa," she stated so matter of fact. My mind whirled with a way to assure that I was real, but she never gave me the chance to say a thing. "But, you're one of his helpers, right? You get to see and talk to him?" "Of course I do," I reassured her. The relief on her face was visible. She squared her shoulders and looked me straight in the eye. "You need to give this to him." She held up a heavily decorated envelope with Santa written on the front. "He needs to read this as soon as you can give it to him. Can you make sure he reads it?" I took the letter even though I didn't want to and I gave her my best Santa smile. "I'll give it to him and I will make sure he reads it, Amelia. Do you want to tell me now what you want for Christmas?" She shook her hair and gave me a slight eye roll. "Everything is in the letter, that's why it's important for you to give this to him. He's gonna need a lot of time for what's in there." "Okay, I'll give it to him tomorrow, I promise." That seemed to be all the confirmation that she needed. She smiled, gave me a hug, and smiled brightly as Tanya took our picture. As she skipped away with her candy cane, I couldn't take my eyes off the girl. Maybe it was the weight of the letter tucked into my pocket that gave me a sense of foreboding or maybe it was the thought that something life changing was going to happen, either way, my eyes tracked her as she wound her way through the ropes. When she reached the end she ran to hug the person who was waiting for her. When they separated, I gasped in surprise. I knew that person she was hugging. My heart lurched as I saw Bella help the girl into her coat before they walked away hand-in-hand. I trekked up the stairs to my parents' front door, shaking off the snow before I went inside. When the door opened, the warmth rolled out and all tension left me. Familiar smells enveloped me and reminded me of my childhood. I could smell the fire that was sure to be blazing in the hearth and, mom's cooking mixed in with the scent of fresh pine from the large Christmas tree decorating the corner of the living room. I hung my coat in the closet by the door and placed my snowy shoes on the mat before I walked into the room. My dad was in his favorite arm chair, glasses on, and Sunday paper on his lap. My youngest brother Jasper was sitting on the floor in front of the coffee table teaching his younger son Seth how to play chess, while his wife Maria talked to Rose, who was married to my older brother Emmett. I couldn't find Emmett, so I snuck into the kitchen hoping I could speak to my mom quietly and privately. As I entered the kitchen, I spotted her in front of the stove, stirring a pot of what smelled like homemade apple cider. "Hello, Edward," she said without turning around. "Hey mom," I replied as I kissed her cheek. "Smells good. Can I have some when it's done?" "Sure, sweetie." She patted my cheek and went back to focusing on the cider. I took a seat at the kitchen island and pulled out the envelope that hadn't left my mind since I got it two days ago. I hadn't had the heart or courage to open it up and read it. I hoped that mother would take pity on me and offer to take it off my hands. "It's done. Can you get me a few mugs and I'll pour us both a cup?" "Sure," I replied and moved to the cabinets to fetch a couple mugs. Mom was pouring the cider as Emmett strolled into the kitchen. "Ohh, cider, I want one! I want one!" He was hopping from one foot to the other with obvious glee as I got down another cup and mom poured him one. The cinnamon stick was barely in before he snatched it from me. Of course, like the overly excited child he sometimes acted, he took too big of a gulp and burned his tongue. "Fuck, that's hot," he cursed. "Emmett, language," chided Mom. I just sat back and watched it all, hoping that Emmett would soon leave and I could finally talk to Mom in private. Too bad fate had other plans. As Emmett was busy screaming that his tongue was on fire he happened to bump the letter off the center island, and when he saw me pick it up, he screamed. "Eddie got another one!" He snatched it from my hand and went bellowing into the living