Narrator POV: A single house in the forest was lit up. Normally the house had not been touched, it was a safe house for all demigods alike. Well it was supposedly a safe house. Layers and Layers of the Mist laid over the house so not even monsters themselves could find it, only the demigods that knew the whereabouts of the house could easily access it. "How's your wound?" Travis asked his brother quietly in a hush whisper. The monsters they had just found had been nothing that they have ever fought before and it was luck alone that got them away. Connor cringed for a moment, not wanting to be reminded of the wound on his arm. His eyes flashed down for a brief moment before back to his brother. "It hurts, it hurts so much. Connor told him in a strained voice. The wound was brutal, it had blood all over his arm and it was torn up in three different spots. The number of painkillers he had taken along with Ambrosia and he was surely past his weekly limit. Travis stayed quiet for a moment, checking outside to see if there was anyone. "We should iris message Camp. Perhaps they could send back up?" Connor shook his head, "We have already lost 4 demigods to those things. What were they? I have never seen those types of monsters before." "I-I don't know." Travis went back to whisper before cleaning off Connor's arm. "Regardless, we need to contact camp about them. We need to let Chiron-." A knock on the door shushed Travis up. Both boys looked alarmed. "Could it be other demigods?" Connor said as quietly as he could. Almost breathing it out. Travis shook his head and turned off the lights. "No other demigods are in this area." They waited for a few minutes, no other knocks were heard. Connor looked to his brother. "Iris message camp now, we need to let them know." Travis looked grim but did as his brother suggested. Grabbing a bottle of spray mist and some drachmas he sprayed the water and threw in a drachma. "O, Iris, Goddess of the Rainbow-." The door broke down and standing there were two people. One a man and the other a woman both with red eyes that glinted dangerously. "My, my what do we have here. Two little demigods who were trying to tell the Gods and Goddess's about us?" The females voice was filled with excitement as if she had just gone on a grand treasure hunt and found the gold. The male had a boring look on him, "My lady, let us get on with it. We still have things to do before the sun comes back up." The female sighed, "Your right, as always Alucard." The man named Alucard said no more as his lady turned to the two boys who had fear planted on their faces. Shakily Connor stood up, "Travis go, I will hold them off for as long as I can." Connor said grabbing his sword. "Ah, do you see this Alucard? Look at these demigods giving up their lives for one another. How heroic." The lady mentioned off handily to her servant. Connor's eyes flashed dangerously, did she know who she was speaking too? He was a son of Hermes. He would not be talked shit about by this woman. "Go Travis. The gods must know about these creatures." Connor snarled at them. Travis eyes looked shocked, he had never seen this side of his brother but regardless took off. Connor looked at them with a glare. The female just looked amused while Alucard had a blank look on his face. "You fucked with the wrong demigods today bitch." "Oh Connor, we are going to have so much fun ." Travis was running for his life to the next safe house, dodging trees and bushes that tried to stop in his path. The house was over four miles away but for a son of Hermes it did not take nearly as long for him running at full speed. Within moments he was out of breath and at the safe house. He got to work at once, if the monsters could get inside that safe house there was no reason they couldn't get into this one either. "O, Iris, Goddess of the Rainbow, accept my offering, show Chiron at Camp Half Blood." Travis paced nervously as he waited. It took a moment but sure enough Chiron lit up, talking with a camper. "Chiron!" Travis almost shouted at him Chiron must have got the hint because he looked over to Travis. "Travis? What is wrong my boy?" Travis breathed heavily, "We found a new monster, one that is unstoppable. They have red eyes and move-" "Did you just say red eyes?" Chiron cut him off, "They look humans but with red eyes?" Travis took a deep breath but nodded. "Travis get out of there immediately and come back. You need to run." "Who is running exactly?" The female with red eyes said from right next to Travis. "Oh Chiron! It has been so long! It's so nice to see you!" Chiron's face paled dramatically. "Lady Selene. It is lovely to see you once again. May I ask what you are doing?" She grinned wickedly. "Oh nothing. Just looking for a demigod who's quite famous to us 'monsters.'" She mentioned off handily, "Do you happen to know where he is?" Chiron squinted his eyes in slight anger but held a calm posture. Seeing this Selene put her arm and wrapped it around the poor boy. "Now Chiron, why are you so angry? Isn't it nice to tell me what I want to know. No one gets hurt like poor Connor here." Selene grinned wickedly as she pulled a severed head of Connor up. Blood was all over the face and yet not a single spec was on Selene. "C-Connor." Travis said horrified. His twin brother was dead and seeing him with his eyes bloodshot and a scared look on his face broke Travis. "Selene why have you done that?" Chiron said a rather grim expression on his face. This was not how he expected the day to go. While it was often that he heard of demigods dying, seeing them ripped apart the way that Connor was only happened once in a blue moon. She winked playfully at him, "For no reason. Now Chiron, please tell me where Perseus Jackson is, and I let this young man go home. If he tells me quickly enough I may revive his brother." "What?" Travis jumped coming back to his senses. Selene let go of him. "I can revive the dead; did you not know that?" She grabbed his chin and made him look into her scarlet red eyes and pale lips. "I could bring back every single one of your friends that died today. As long as you tell me where Perseus Jackson is." Before Chiron could respond she swept her fingers through the Iris message. "All 5 demigods coming back to life. As long as you tell me where Perseus Jackson is. Think about how happy your brother would be to come to life. You guys could live together forever. Have a life of not dealing with monsters but growing up, getting wives and even having children. Imagine living without the fear of monsters." "Together forever?" Travis echoed as the whispers of immortality were in his ear. "All you have to tell me is where Perseus Jackson is." She told him seductively in his ear. He took one look at his brothers scared face, and slowly it morphed into a memory of him hanging out with his brother in the Hermes cabin the happiness they were both having a bonding moment. "Manhattan, New York. He lives with his mother, step-father and little sister in an apartment." He said almost sleepily. She smiled at him, "Thank you. Now rest." And with that his sleepy face became mortified as the truth of what he had just done happened. It was only for a moment though before his own head came flying off. "Perseus Jackson?" She spoke to no one in particular, "Here I come." ~0~ "BOO!" A girlish scream was heard. Perseus shot up, scanning the room, he noticed a small child that was jumping on him with a small grin on her face. "Rose, I thought you knew better than to wake me up." She pouted at him, "But its already 8! And you said you were going to take me to the park today just like you told Mommy and Daddy!" Percy rubbed his eyes, he hated having to wake up early but he would do anything for his family. "Alright, alright! Get out so I can change." The four-year-old grinned in triumph before exiting the room. Sighing, Percy stood up from his bed and checked his phone. His face suddenly turned into a frown as he saw the amount of missed calls from Chiron. At once he called Chiron back but there was no answer. "That's weird." Percy murmured, "Perhaps he's training some children. "Percy!" Rose banged on the door. "Come on! I want to go to the park!" "Rosalie Persephone Jackson, you be nice to your brother right now! Don't make me come up there." Percy heard his mother yell through the house. It was refreshing to know that not everyone was completely wrapped around his sister's finger. Throwing on just a T-shirt and some simple jeans. Percy made his way to the door and opened it to see his little four year old sister waiting right outside the door with eyes wide open. "Can we go now please!" She begged. "Have you eaten yet?" That clicked her mouth close before she ran down the stairs, sticking her tongue out at him. Once more Percy sighed but gave a small smile. He had always wanted a sister to love and cherish but in all honesty, he had no idea that they would have been so much work and at the age of 21 he was amazed at how much work it would be to take care of her. While his mom and Paul loved and cherished her as well they just didn't have the time. They refused to let Percy pay for anything, (Apparently saving the world gets you quite a bit of money). Though it also became a hindrance since they were out working so much. His mom fell back into the habit of working multiple jobs while Paul was slowly getting promoted at his school. That left the responsibility of watching his younger sister since he was taking online college classes until next year where she would be joining Pre-K. "Percy come eat too! I need to get going to the shop soon someone called in sick!" His mom hollered through the house. Percy went down the stairs where his mother was waiting for him. "Percy make sure you don't give Rosalie any ice-cream while you're at the park. She's had enough sweets the past few days as it is" His mother gave him a critical eye. Percy waved his hands in a surrender motion. "Yes Ma'am!" He told her with one of the biggest grins on his face. Rosalie smiled brightly at her mother. Sally let out a sigh but smiled nonetheless. It was the small moments like these that kept their dysfunctional family still rolling. "Well I'm off, tell me if you need anything alright? And Percy by the way Chiron called, said he needed to speak to you?" Percy nodded, "I got a call from him while I was sleeping. I don't know what it was about but he never answered when I called back." Percy told her leaving nothing out, "I'm worried, I told him not to call me unless emergencies arise." She pursed her lips together, "Don't worry about it for now. If it was bad they would Iris message you,