hay guys, I wrote this for LWHxExpress or you may know her as Lynn. She requested a solangelo story. I don't know if this is good or not but I gave it a shot. Hope you guys enjoy it It was one of those days. Life had been amazing, I was happy... Really happy. Just not on the 28th of January, I would never be happy on my birthday. I didn't want a cake, or my friends surrounding me. If I heard someone scream "happy sixteenth!" my way I might have just broke down. I just wanted to stay in my cabin alone. The soft tapping at the door said other wise. I knew who it was, I could practically see his glow through the obsidian door. I didn't move or speak hoping he would leave, I didn't want to hurt him, to yell or scream at him... To break down in front of him. I always seemed to hurt people on my birthday, I was just so angry and sad. So I was better off alone so not to hurt anyone. I heard the door creak and grown as it slid open, the light from out side barely seen peaking in the room as if the darkness of the cabin was repelling it. I looked up to see that the stupid sun spawn had come in anyway, he looked like he usually did, I could see his toned surfer body underneath his orange camp half blood shirt. He was wearing his normal shorts and flip flops, his golden hair messy and yet still neat, but... He wasn't smiling. I was looking up at him from my spot on the lounge where I had made my self a blanket burrito of misery and saw that the twinkle in his eyes had left to. He looked just plain sad, not pitiful or upset, not depressed like he had been when he lost two of his half siblings. No, just sad. I pulled my knees to my chest and brought my blankets closer as I dragged my eyes off my boyfriend to look at the crackling fire. I whispered in a small croaky voice trying to keep my emotions in check "will just... Just go" in the past I had just shadow traveled away but this time I just couldn't. I felt like someone had taken a blade and slowly sliced away at my heart, I couldn't run or hide this time. Will being his stubborn self instead sat next to me on the lounge. Out of the corner of my eye I saw him scanning me as if his eyes could detect any medical problem with one glance. I saw him move and flinched when he brushed my hair away from my face but he didn't move his hand. Instead he used it to turn my head so I was facing him "will" I said warningly although it sounded more like a plea "I'm not leaving neeks so just come here". I felt a small pang in my chest, gods I loved him, so so much. If I ever lost him... He wrapped his strong arm around me and I placed my head on his shoulder. The smell of Antiseptic gel and salt water filled my lungs but even that didn't help. I felt the darkness around me, as if it was going to swallow me whole, like every breath I took was laced with razor blades slicing at my throat. We sat there in silence for so long I thought he had fallen to sleep. That was until he spoke his deep voice echoing around the room a little. "Do you trust me?" I looked up to see will staring blankly into the fire, he was frowning in thought and breathing slowly as if he was preparing for me to say no. I swallowed, it was as if I had gargled sand. "Of course I do" I said "why wouldn't i?" His eyes moved from the flickering light to me. "I know you hate talking about it and you don't have to" he said in a rush. "it's just... I love you so much and yet I still don't know that much about what happened to you...I look at you sometimes and the look in your eyes, the pain I can see. I just wish you'd talk to me about it. And then you have days like this. When your so bad you don't want anyone, not even me. You have never told anyone, and I don't expect you to tell me. We can just sit here like this all day if you want. But I just want you to trust me enough to be able to tell me about it you know?" I looked down, I could still feel his piercing blue eyes on me. I trusted him, of course I did. It was just the matter of actually saying the words out loud. I had known him for a long time, been friends for years. We had even been dating for about a year this march. So of course I would tell him... Could I tell him? I had never told anyone, never. I knew I would completely break down but from the look on his face I knew I had to. He wanted to help me. He always had, to make me feel better. But a band aid and a lolly pop wouldn't fix me. I probably would never be "fixed". "Will you know I-" "you don't have to if you don't want to Nico. We can just sit here like this. I'm fine with waiting. you know that" I shut my eyes tight, my hand under the blanket twirling my ring. "I'll...Will its just my life story isn't exactly what you'd call a happy one" his arm tightened around me "I know" he whispered. I took a deep breath and moved myself so I was cross legged staring strait at will who did the same. He gripped my hand in his, his long docters fingers intertwining with mine. I loved him, I really did and I trusted him. "Alright" "you sure?" I nodded "what-what do you want to know?" Will leaned forward placing a soft light kiss on my cheek and said quietly "everything" I rolled my eyes feeling the heat rise to my face and he pulled away still holding tight to my hand. He was tring to stay still but I could practically see the jittery ADHD buzzing through his blood. I bit my lip in thought. How would I tell him EVERYTHING? "I umm" I cleared my throat and began again "I was born in Venus Italy, I grew up with my mother Maria and my sister Bianca in the 1930's. World War Two had begun so we moved to the United States." I took a breath and closed my eyes. Will squealed my hand reassuringly. "From what I know my mother was killed my Zeus and we, me and my sister were protected by hades. Or at least that's what I've picked from other peoples stories. I don't remember much. We were put in the lotus hotel for seventy years until we were taken out. We eventually made our way to camp with the help of percy and the others." My heart was pounding in my chest and my eyes felt like they were burning. "She, my sister ended up going to join the hunt, I was uhh, I was angry at her back then but now... she always looked after me. She deserved freedom I know that now. She was an amazing sister, always getting me things to make me happy. Like before she left on the quest to find Artemis and Annabeth she gave me my ring" I smiled a little down at it as will brushed his thumb over it. The cold ring becoming warm under his touch. " I didn't want her to go on that quest. I didn't want her hurt, didn't want to loose her. So before they left-" the memory came floating back as if it were yesterday, the traumatising images flashing in my mind. "I, I asked percy to keep her safe and when- when I found out that she-" I pulled my hands away from wills and wrapped them around myself trying to control the shaky breaths, I looked up trying to blink the moisture out of my eyes. She died, gone forever, I would never see her again. Never. Will leaned forward and placed a soft warm kiss on my forehead "you can stop if you want to" he whispered tucking my hair away from my eyes. I shook my head and swallowed my tears. I blocked out the memory and instead concentrated on the crackle and the pop of the fire and will right in front of me. "I-I ended up running away. I blamed percy and myself. I just. I needed her you know? She had always been there. I looked up to percy and when he didn't save her it was like I had lost two people I guess. So yah, I ran away through Daedalus's labyrinth. I met the ghost Minos there. He taught me how to use my powers and showed me through the labyrinth. I had looked up to percy as if he was some type of super hero. I got angry, I hated him for a long time. After Minos taught me what I could do I tried to use my power to find Bianca but it wouldn't work. Not until percy was with me ironically. He ended up saving me, being mr perfect timing as always. Her ghost came, she told me holding grudges was a flaw of hades kids and that I shouldn't be mad at percy. She told me what I needed to know but that wasn't what I wanted. I wanted her... I always will." I sighed and shook my head to clear the thoughts. I was just about to speak again when I felt will get up. For half a terrifying second I thought he was leaving but instead he walked over to the other side of the lounge so he was sitting behind me. He pulled me close to him so I was against his hard chest. I felt the steady thump of his heart and the warmth coming from him as if he was an electric blanket. I would never understand how he could be so warm and comfortable. He reached over me pulling the many blankets over us both even though his warmth would have been plenty. "She'd be proud of you, I know she would. Proud of what you turned into" he whispered into my ear. a small smile flickered on my face but it was gone just as quickly as it appeared. "It's just when I went to save her and found out she chose rebirth. I guess I was mad. I could have saved her, could have been together again. But she deserves a better life than we had. To have a stable life and family. I saved hazel and now I have her, my little family" wills arms wound tighter around me. "then why does it make you so sad on your birthday? If you know they're in a better place that is" I rolled so I was propped up on his chest looking down at him. I reached into my jean pocket and pulled out a little green soldier and showed it to him. It was cheap looking and bent in places, the little guy had a hat and a suit, even a gun that he held as if ready to shoot. "When I was little birthdays were important to my family I guess. Just me, Bianca and mama. We would play stupid games and tell embarrassing stories and at the end of the night mama would sing us a song before we went to bed. Bianca gave me this a few