Town Gossip I need complete ignorance here, but convincing. "-And then he just returns, acting like he had never left in the first place!" the elder hobbit said. He took a sip of ale, a much needed refreshment after his long story. "It ain't right. None of it! Just when we thought Hobbiton was ridded of him he shows back up just like that cracked uncle of his did," said Sandyman, the Hobbiton miller. "Excuse me, sir," said the youngest of the three hobbits. "But if Frodo Baggins and those other hobbits hadn't returned, those ruffians might still be running about the place." "Nonsense!" said the elder hobbit a little louder than he had intended. "Don't you see, Larn? That's the whole reason those ruffians showed up in the first place. If that Frodo hadn't went out where he didn't belong informing all the outlandish folk of our whereabouts those ruffians wouldn't have come." The young hobbit nodded his head with a new understanding, "Oh." "Aye," agreed Sandyman. "Remember when Bilbo went off where he didn't belong? That's when all the queerness started. When he came back people started talk of seeing elves and walking trees on the borders of our land." "You've seen elves, sir?" asked Larn, unable to contain himself. "No a 'course not. Elves aren't real. That Baggins just put the wrong ideas in many heads. Making them think they're seeing things that aren't there." "It ain't natural. Stirring up imaginations like so, nothing but trouble came of it." "And let us hope no more comes." The once intense conversation lowed to whispers, as the Gaffer approached the table. As he took a seat beside the other three hobbits all gossip was silenced. x-x-x-x Frodo stood on the tip of his toes, stretching his short arms high into the air while his hand felt around the top shelf for a mug. All that came in contact with his hand, however, was dust. A year's collection of dust had packed on top of the shelf while he had been out on his adventure to destroy the Ring. "Ah!" he said at last, grasping the handle. He began to step down from the step stool but returned back to his reaching position after hearing the door of Bag End creak open. He began his search for a second mug. After hearing Sam's incoherent muttering he called, "I'm in here, Sam." "It's mighty cold out there this morning, Mr.Frodo," stated Sam, walking into the doorway to join Frodo. "It is," agreed Frodo. "Quite unusual this time of year. Here, this tea should warm you up." Frodo slid Sam a mug, and they both took a seat at the wooden table. It was silent for a few moments. The two friends hadn't a need to start a conversation, for being in each other's presence was enough. Frodo couldn't help the small smile that began to form on his lips. He was finally home. He was happy to at last take comfort in the warmth of Bad End, as opposed to the sharp rocks and fickle climate he was forced to travel in. Sam, noticing his smile, furrowed his brow in confusion. "What's got you smiling like that, Mr. Frodo? It's been too long since I've seen your smile." "Oh, it's nothing. I suppose I'm just happy is all, happy to be back…home." "Well, of course you are! I'm rightfully glad to be back too, sir." Sam smiled and sighed in content. "Finally home, it feels good don't it? Sleepin' on a soft bed with feather pillows. Waking up and being able to eat breakfast. Real food, mind you. And the warm showers, gardening, birds chirping, smelling the roses, taking strolls in the morning, watching the sunrise-" Frodo chuckled in amusement, causing Sam to realize he was getting carried away. "-and laughing," Frodo added. "It feels good to laugh again." Sam returned Frodo's smile. Yes, it was good to laugh again, and to hear Frodo laugh. During the adventure, Sam couldn't recall a time that Frodo had laughed or smiled. Sure, he would try and fool Sam with a hollow laugh or would force himself a fake smile, but it was never convincing enough to trick his servant. During those troubling times he would often recall what it was like before, when Frodo would always engage in interesting tales with him to keep him company while gardening, and the way he used to laugh and smile at the simple pleasures in life. 'The Ring is destroyed, and now everything can go back like it used to be…the way it was supposed to be. Mr. Frodo wasn't meant to endure so much, it just wasn't right!' thought Sam. Suddenly, Sam cleared his throat and forced himself to get rid of the darkness that threatened to engulf his mind. It was all over now. He drained his mug and slid it forward a couple of inches. "You'll be at the Green Dragon tonight?" "I haven't forgotten about tonight, and you needn't remind me. How old do you think I am, that I would forget such a thing?" Frodo said, as he picked up the empty mugs to place in the sink. He turned back around with a playful smile. "You're not old, sir. And you've not missed a single night that we've got together," said Sam. He rose from the table and snapped his coat across his shoulders. Frodo nodded in agreement and walked Sam to the door. "Then again, you've made sure I hadn't forgotten each night we've planned to get together. Perhaps that could be the reason?" "And each time I remind you, you say 'of course I remember! How could I forget such a night?' Now, I know you're not one to lie, Mr. Frodo." "Well, I'm glad that's settled," said Frodo with a laugh. "I'll see you tonight, Mr. Frodo. Now you keep warm." Frodo nodded. "You too, Sam." Sam quickly slipped out the door and shut it, denying the cruel wind that wanted to devour the warmth of Bag End. Frodo turned around and began tarrying down the hall, unsure what to occupy himself with until tonight arrived. When he came to his room he stopped and peered into it. He placed his hand on the doorframe and sighed. There it was, lying on his desk. The book that once provided him with comfort and excitement when he was so young and so ignorant. The book Bilbo had treasured so dearly that he made sure no one tampered with it. It was his pride and joy. It was the Red Book. The more he looked at it the more threatening it became. Bilbo had wanted Frodo to write his own tale in its crisp pages, so it could never be forgotten. What Bilbo didn't know was Frodo wanted it to be forgotten. He dreaded having to experience again the terrible days, all he wanted was to forget and never remember. Which was something that could only be wished, for he would have to relive his worst nightmares for his uncle, for the book. "There is no point in delaying. The sooner I write it, the sooner I can put it all behind me." Frodo reluctantly stepped toward his desk. Minutes could have passed or it could have been centuries. Too enthralled with writing, Frodo hadn't a clue. Despite the chill wind from the window, sweat trickled down his temples. His hand was cramped for not having written in many months. A bolt of pain suddenly shot up his arm, pulling him out of his trance. "Ouch…" he said, massaging his cramped arm. He took the sudden spurt of pain as a sign that he had pushed himself. He curiously filtered through all that he had written; countless pages were filled with ink. Satisfied with all that he had accomplished he stepped away from the desk in desperate need of fresh air. Frodo took a step outside of Bag End and allowed the sweet aroma of flowers to fill his nostrils. The burnt orange sun was beginning to descend behind the Shire. The sky was still lit up, but just barely. It was a beautiful sight, one that he could be intrigued with for hours. "Now where is that Gamgee fellow!" a voice came. Frodo looked around in confusion. A woman emerged from the shadows and walked up to the gate. Her gray hair was tousled atop her head and her hands where planted high on her hips. Frodo began walking toward the gate. "I beg your pardon?" he asked, knowing what she had said but curious as to what she had meant. "That Gamgee, is he up here?" She repeated. "Well, no. Why?" "I had a feeling he mighta been up here, he spends more time on yer' garden than he does with his others!" She said furiously. "Is there something wrong?" The elderly woman placed a hand on the wooden fence and narrowed her eyes on Frodo. "Yes there's somethin' wrong! He was to be at my house three hours ago, THREE! I have my cousin comin' in two hours. That garden was to be done before they came!" The woman turned back around and started down the path once again, "That boy is goin' to be in some trouble. He'll be lucky not to be fired for this one!" Frodo quickly opened the gate and rushed after her. "Mrs. Burdo, wait! I'm sure Sam is just caught up in something, he's never forgotten before. You can't blame him for a single time." Mrs. Burdo continued walking, ignoring Frodo's pleading. "Please, don't fire him Mrs. Burdo. His reputation…he doesn't deserve that." "You go back, now, this ain't none your business to be meddlin' in. I told him this was an important night! Did he listen?" "Allow me to do it then if it's so important, that is of course if you don't fire Sam." Mrs. Burdo stopped in her tracks, obviously amused and surprised by the offer. She turned around to face Frodo. Then an unexpected burst of laughter exploded from her mouth. "A Baggins? Working in a garden? Tell me Mr. Baggins, do you devote your life to be as queer as you can?" The hunched woman walked away, caught up in a fit of laughter. "I'll pay you," said Frodo, surprised with himself as much as Mrs. Burdo was. Mrs. Burdo swiftly turned around, "Pay me? To work in my garden? What's this all about? What's the big deal about getting this done?" Frodo waved a hand, dismissing the string of questions. "I'm just trying to help Sam out." "You helping out your gardener?" She shook her head disapprovingly. "How much money are we talking about here? I ain't gonna let you ruin my garden for anything cheap!" Frodo held up a finger, signaling he would be right back, and then dashed into Bag End. Once he was in his room he fell to his knees and raised the top of the trunk in a frantic search for his stash of money. Sam had always been there for Frodo, even if it meant death. He would have died for him, and he proved it many times. He was strong and brave and put Frodo before himself numerous times. He recalled the time when he was recovering in Minas Tirith; he had been sick and exhausted from the quest. Sam had sat beside him on the bed and rubbed his hand, telling him he would get better and to just hang in there. It was absurd! Sam had walked with Frodo, been through the same events and yet even after everything, when he should have been resting after his weary adventure...he didn't. He stayed with Frodo to make sure he was tended too, despite his own exhaustion. Now was his chance to help Sam out in his time of need, even if it was something as simple as tending to a garden. 'After all, how hard could