As she rushed through the crowd, her sleek heels clacked loudly with every step on the worn stone of Diagon Alley. She only had her short lunch break to pick up a gift for Ginny's 27th birthday party later that evening, and make it back to the Ministry where a, now cold, ham and cheese was waiting on her desk, likely to be eaten in distracted bites while reviewing documents for her next meeting with the French Ministry. She was constantly told by friends and family, even strangers, that she worked much too hard; an attractive, bright girl like her should be enjoying life while she was young, maybe getting ready to settle down and start a family of her own. But Hermione Granger was on a roll, a 10 year roll that started with the end of the Second Wizarding War. When Voldemort's regime crumbled, the Ministry needed to be rebuilt, and Hermione jumped at the chance to make a new, better world for everyone. Now she was one promotion away from becoming the head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation, and she was far too invested in her work to let something as seemingly insignificant as a social life, or Merlin forbid a love life, slow her down. Despite the afternoon rush, she seemed to part the crowd. The loud, attention-seeking heels paired with the tailored muggle suit would have attracted stares regardless of the face that went along with them. But considering it was Hermione Granger, war hero and political powerhouse, walking down Diagon Alley for something as lowly as running errands, the effect was multiplied. Although the press had reluctantly backed down over the years, Hermione would never get used to being in the spotlight. Of course, she would never change anything, but it was the one thing she despised about having such a prominent role in the war. If anyone ever asked, she would nod politely and say "I was only doing what I had to," before turning away with a tight smile. It was the period in her life that she would most like to forget; even thinking about it brought back the pain that she fought so hard to suppress. Although she never really meant it, she sometimes longed for the blissfully ignorant lives of her parents, who were probably still traipsing around Australia to fulfill their lifelong "dreams". So in order to escape the mostly hidden (but some blatant) stares, Hermione ducked into the first shop that looked somewhat promising. She would pick up something simple and be back on her way, after all, 27 was hardly a life changing milestone. Maybe she could find a nice book, although that was far more up her own alley, as Ginny was only an avid reader if Witch Weekly was considered literature. As it was, Hermione was already on her third shop in her, now desperate, attempt to find something for her fiery best friend. She had already stayed out far longer than she intended and was pushing her luck if she wanted to make it back to the Ministry on time. She could already see Ginny's face as she sheepishly whispered that she didn't have the time to find the perfect gift, but no worries—she'd make it up in some way or another. Ginny would try to cover up her disappointment with a smile so bright it looked painful, while spouting off assurances that she completely understood, future Minister for Magic business and all, her presence at the party was enough anyways. The worst part was it was becoming true; although it wasn't "enough", her presence was somewhat of a gift recently. As Hermione got more and more wrapped up in her quest to spread goodness around the world, she saw continually less and less of her friends. The first time she caught flashes of surprise cross her friends' faces when she unexpectedly showed up to their weekly dinner at the Leaky Cauldron—a tradition which she was always invited to, but rarely actually made it—she almost took a step back from work altogether. But now she was used to occasional shock, and occasional disappointment, that accompanied her busy schedule. It killed her to know that her friends were slowly slipping away; she loved them dearly and credited all of her success to their steady support. Her only consolation was their pride for her work and its visible improvements to the wizarding world since the war. As she left the small shop empty handed, she made a mental note to call up some old friends when she got the chance, maybe even have a little dinner party at her place. She was long overdue to host anyways. Hermione made her way back through the mid-day crowd to the Leaky Cauldron, where she could access the Floo Network and finally get back to work. She was already late and rushed as fast as she could manage in her heels, caught in that awkward phase between running and walking. Despite her tendency to focus on the ground or other inanimate objects, really on anything without prying eyes, she still managed to catch a shock of bright blonde out of the corner of her eye. No matter where she was, seeing that shade of hair always made Hermione do a double take. But nearly every time, it wasn't actually him, and Hermione could go merrily on her way, pretending she wasn't disappointed. Which is why, after her routine glance back, when Hermione found herself staring into the stormy eyes of Draco Malfoy, she couldn't help but stumble in her path. She quickly chalked up her clumsiness to the unlucky combination of heels and cobblestone, and by the time she had regained her balance and straightened, she had run through all possible scenarios in her head. And it all boiled down to one choice: she could ignore him and leave, pretend it was all just another false alarm, or she could face the dragon head on. If she had been disappointed when a blonde head turned out to be stranger, the dread of actually facing Malfoy was far worse. Leaving would certainly be the smarter option. From where she was standing, with Malfoy just out of view, she could already see the Leaky Cauldron's sign and smell the greasy comfort food wafting from the pub, mocking her. She could be back at the Ministry within two minutes and avoid the awkward conversation that was sure to ensue. It would be easy. Just walk forward, Hermione. Don't look back. She took a step forward. And she looked back. When she turned, she found his eyes already locked on her own, undoubtedly watching her pathetic attempt to flee. Years ago, she had become quite talented in the art of translating Draco Malfoy's expressions to normal human emotions. But she seemed to have lost her touch, as she couldn't read the steady, impassive face that stared back at her. More than a few moments passed with the two former enemies frozen, just watching each other, before Hermione snapped back to reality. She immediately admonished herself for acting so ridiculous. Honestly, y ou're a grown, independent woman! Stop acting like some lovesick teenager and making a fool of yourself. Considering how Draco Malfoy topped her list of "Stupid Reasons to Miss Work", Hermione was about to turn away and finally make it back to the Ministry when he took a large step forward. With just a few more sweeping strides, Malfoy had cut through the crowd and was standing before her, close enough to touch. There were a few more awkward moments before Malfoy greeted with a nod, "Granger." "Hi, Draco," she acknowledged softly. "How are you?" She was just inquiring out of politeness, at least that's what she told herself. After all, with a golden reputation to maintain, she couldn't afford to appear rude in public. Anyways, she would have stopped to chat with any other friend she ran into in Diagon Alley. Although, she probably shouldn't consider Draco a friend, she thought. She toyed with the idea for a moment before deciding that no, Draco was certainly not a friend. "I'm doing well, thank you," he replied. Despite how the conversation was painfully forced and formal, he finished with a small smile that even the most oblivious person could tell was genuine. "And you?" In answer, she merely nodded in agreement, avoiding eye contact. After Draco raised an eyebrow at her response, Hermione shot him a wide smile in an attempt to convince him that she meant it, but it only ended up rivaling one of Ginny's smiles that she always privately made fun of. She really was doing well, as she'd convinced herself. And despite how her chance meeting with Draco had her mind reeling and made her question her definition of "success", she couldn't deny that she was doing well. In terms of her career, she was right on track, exceeding expectations that she'd held for herself while merely an ambitious Hogwarts student. Wasn't this exactly what she wanted for herself? Her deserving success at such a young age had, of course, required some sacrifices, but she'd always deemed them necessary and moved on without dwelling too much. Now, standing in front of him again, she couldn't help but wonder if it was too late to draw a line. She quickly decided that the middle of Diagon Alley was not the best place to question her life decisions, and instead jumped in to veer the conversation in a different direction. "I never got to thank you properly, for all your help with the United Magical Beings Association. I guess I could call you a full-blown philanthropist now," she teased with a light smile. "You don't have to thank me, Granger. I guess I couldn't spend all that time with you without being influenced a little bit," he joked back as she rolled her eyes. "Besides, that was ages ago." "I guess. But still, I do see your name pop up on the donation lists every once and a while," she offered. Immediately, his eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Those were supposed to be anonymous." Brushing off his glare at her comment, she continued, "Do I have to remind you that I'm still technically president of the organization? Even if my team deals with most of the daily business, I still have access to the donors, even the 'confidential' ones." She noticed that his scowl soften into a slight frown, but that he still was not completely appeased. "Don't worry, your good deeds remain secret to the public," she added, slightly amused. "Although I don't know why ," she muttered, half to herself. "Granger," he started, raising an eyebrow, a touch condescending, "if you must know, I'm not embarrassed about donating to your organization. I just don't think it needs to be some big affair. The donations don't become any more effective if everyone knows where they come from. Plus, I don't want people to get the wrong idea; I don't want them to think I'm trying to buy a new start for the Malfoy name. That would be counter productive," he ended with a scoff. The conversation lulled as she thought about his words and couldn't help but think they had merit. Just as Hermione, genuinely curious, was about to ask him more, Draco broke the silence, "Well anyways, I see you in the Prophet a lot, making headlines every other day." He added his signature smirk, "I still can't believe you managed to bring your beloved house elf rights to an international level," he chuckled. She laughed and rolled her eyes in response, finally relaxing into the conversation. Although he had teased her endlessly about her passion for the small creatures, the casual remark only reminded her of how he had supported all of her ambitious plans, regardless of how seemingly outrageous, more than anyone. "You know I don't really care about that stuff, right?" she asked, meeting