" It's like a switch, clickin' off in my head. Turns the hot light off and the cool one on, and all of a sudden there's peace." – Cat on a Hot Tin Roof Peeta did a lot of drinking these days. Ever since the games had ended, and the peculiar pair of Cato and Peeta had returned to district twelve for peace and solitude – had returned, in part, to escape the media and the masses and all of the people so goddamn thankful for their part in the revolution, so goddamn thankful for the boy on fire and his strong-willed counterpart – Peeta had taken to drinking. Cato didn't notice when it started. He had no reason to suspect his gentle baker would allow himself to descend so harshly into a reality where Katniss hadn't died in the arena, where Cato hadn't offered him the berries, where Snow hadn't hung their executions over their heads like a sick bough of mistletoe. When Peeta had come home, tasting mildly of something strong and foul, he assumed the baker had dipped into some of the supply he used to make rum-cakes over at the bakery, and far be it for Cato to deny his love a drink. He also drank, some nights, over dinner. He would pour himself a glass from the fancy bottle of scotch they had ordered from the capital, and would indulge, once in a while, in the sweet reverie of a drink. Peeta would never join him, preferring tea, or coffee, or something sweet. Cato hadn't blamed him. And so, when Peeta began drinking, he didn't take particular notice. When Peeta grew distant, and often times turned his back away from Cato while they slept, and did not return his affection so amorously as he had before, Cato brushed it off and the baker needing his space. God only knew sometimes he needed time away from other people. He would grant his love the same. But then it had worsened. Each week, it seemed, the taste of their kisses grew more bitter in flavor, until one day, months after it had all begun, Peeta came home, stumbling, and reeking of something flagrant, as though it had been festering in the hob for some time. That was when Cato noticed. He had watched, concerned, as Peeta cooked dinner for them that night, refusing any help and bumbling around the kitchen as a drunkard would. When he had reached to take the roast from the oven, he had nearly burned his hands, forgetting to wrap them in a cloth before removing the pan. That was where Cato had drawn the line. He had held Peeta against his chest, quiet, as he struggled, until the baker was exhausted. Then he had lead Peeta to the couch, where they sat for quite a long time, with an uneaten roast cooling on the stove top and the kitchen, in its state of disarray, abandoned. They stayed like that, Peeta dozing in the fitful way of intoxication, and Cato, holding him close and wondering how Peeta had come to this point – how he had allowed Peeta to come to this point. The next morning, when Peeta had insisted he be allowed to go to the bakery, even through his pounding headache and his dry mouth, and even though Cato assured him that they had more than enough money and Peeta could afford to miss a day of work or two, he had finally relented. Peeta needed this. He needed time away. And Cato needed time to think. So he kissed him hard on the mouth, and held him a beat longer than he normally would, as if to offer some kind of divine forgiveness, and then he let him go. Cato had his own business to take care of. Not long after Peeta had disappeared from the view of the front porch, Cato had made his way two doors over to Haymitch's house. He hadn't knocked, even though all of the lights were off. Probably the haggard old man was passed out at his kitchen table like always, with a knife nearby. Cato knew he could defend himself against a hung-over Haymitch with a kitchen knife. He pushed against the door, then tested the handle, and let himself in, all in a very smooth, very hasty manner. He didn't wipe his feet on the mat. Haymitch had passed out sometime last night, he hardly knew when, after about his third or fourth glass of Greasy Sae's moonshine. He had tried to sleep, honestly, but they never ceased to plague him; the memories of his hunger games, the screams of Maysilee, and the way her eyes latched onto his own, pleadingly, desperately. Those eyes were often the source of his nightmares. Those haunting eyes that would not let him forget. And then, after the Hunger Games that had taken Katniss, the prolific hunter from District 12, there were more eyes. More sets of eyes that bore into his own in accusation. He was a murderer. Katniss, and Maysilee, and the eyes of every child before Katniss, every now-dead tribute gazed right into his very soul. So he drank. He drank until he could not see those eyes any longer. And finally there was peace. He had fully expected for the following morning to carry on in the same way it always had; he would wake from his stupor to an empty house, a knife stuck in the table beside him, and the sun streaking in through his filthy, unkempt windows. He should have learned never to expect anything. The next morning, a headache had not awoken him, but the sounds of angry stomping and the forced opening of his front door. He had sprung for his knife without thinking, before turning to glare at the offending figure at the door. The hair was blonde, and the figure was fairly muscular. It was either Peeta or Cato, but he couldn't be sure with his vision so shoddy this early in the day. Not that it was particularly early, but considering Haymitch's internal clock hours, noon was, indeed, very early in his day. He relaxed his grip on the knife, knowing whoever was at the door was not a threat. The knife was yet another remnant of his Hunger Games days. He could not sleep without a weapon readily available. In annoyance at the intrusion, and assuming it was Peeta back to beg another bottle of his stock of Greasy Sae's white liquor, Haymitch sneered at the figure in the doorway. "What do you want, Princess?" There was an intonation of pity hidden within the sarcasm. With all his great displeasure at Peeta's habits, he could not judge, lest he be a hypocrite and a murderer. "Only to talk." The voice that replied was not that of the haggard Peeta he had seen in the last few days, but that of Cato, his begrudging accomplice. After the games, he had tolerated the tribute for Peeta's sake. That was, until Cato had come to him the night of the reaping for the quarter quell, shared a drink with him, and begged him for assistance. They would keep Peeta alive, together, at any cost. And for that, Haymitch warily accepted their alliance. It was never a joy to see Cato, but it was always worthwhile. Haymitch muttered to himself, and motioned to the seat across from him at the table, before gathering a glass that at least appeared clean, and topping it off from his flask. He eyed Cato as he sat and accepted his drink. "What do you need?" Haymitch asked, albeit irritably. "I came to check on Peeta. Have you seen him recently?" Cato asked between mouthfuls of his drink. Whatever he was thinking about, it must have weighed on him heavily. In the three years he had known Cato, he had never been much of a drinker. Only occasionally did he indulge. He thought he ought to be truthful and come clean about Peeta's visits, but lied through his teeth instead. "Not more than usual. He's stopped by a few times for a visit, but other tha-" The knife that had previously rested upon the table beside him was now wedged between the two wooden slates in the table. A seething Cato clutched the handle. There was a violent look to his eyes. "Don't lie to me," he ground out, eyes fixed on Haymitch's. Haymitch refused to back down, instead returning the stare with equal ferocity. They stayed like that for quite a while, watching, at a stalemate, hoping for the other to back down. Neither did. Their stubbornness was too great. Finally Haymitch conceded. "Let me tell you a story, sweetheart," Haymitch said. His composure was relaxed, and he reclined in his kitchen chair with his hands folded over his lap. His voice held a sarcastic lilt to it, but for the most part, he was being amiable. Cato relaxed and became enraptured rather quickly with the story Haymitch told. Haymitch recalled the night the Quarter Quell had been announced. He had been at his table, drinking, when Cato had come and had a drink with him, begging the mentor to help him save Peeta. He had certainly given the tribute hell, as he didn't much care for District 2 or their self-entitled attitude, but had agreed to help because for once, Cato was asking something selfless. Cato remembered this night. It had not been long ago, and he had not yet succeeded in blocking out his misery from his memory. What came next he had not been aware of. Peeta had come not long after Cato had left, retiring to walk the district a bit and think before he headed home. He had screamed, threatened, even tried to bribe Haymitch into helping him save Cato. But Haymitch was a man of his word, and even though he had not told Peeta of his previous bargain, he had not given in, either. He had laughed in Peeta's face, complaining that their fool's luck in the first round would not last through a second games, and both would be dead before the initial bloodbath was over. Peeta had smiled rather evilly at this, and then busied himself rounding up every bottle of liquor and pouring it down the drain. Haymitch hadn't realized what he was doing until it was too late. And then, before he made his grand exit, Peeta had told him, "You aren't going to let us die. We're going to train, like careers. And careers don't drink." The story ended. They sat quiet for a minute, processing. And then Cato laughed. He let out a great cackle, and cut the tension in the room suddenly. He was laughing, choking on the idea. His Peeta, gathering all of the bottles around Haymitch's house, and the way Haymitch must have looked as he watched them being poured down the sink. It was priceless. His Peeta, trying to desperately to look threatening. He knew he shouldn't be laughing, but he was. Then he sobered. He knew what he was going to do. He thanked Haymitch, shook his hand, much to Hay Mitch's chagrin, and sauntered out of the house and toward the hob. He was going to remind Peeta who he was. Peeta was smart, and caring, and compassionate, and did not need to drink to face his fears. He was going to fix Peeta through his love for the other. When they had first moved to District 12, Cato had been appalled and the lack of resources. He knew that after the rebellion, most of the districts would need rebuilding, but the state of 12 suggested that it had never had anything to begin with. He had looked with pity for days after upon Peeta, who had never known the luxury he had. He had tried to entice Peeta into moving back to 2 with him, recounting the fabulous wares they could