Title- A Tale of Drarry and Coming Out Chapter- One; Ah, That Would Be Telling Author- JessicaLouisePotter Rating- T Word Count- 6647 Disclaimer- I do not own Harry Potter, don't worry I'm not about to steal it from Rowling, I'm simply borrowing the characters to play around with for a bit. Oh God, that sounded wrong. Sorry, I have a bit of a dirty mind. Enjoy my story and I hope I don't abandon this at a cliff hanger, if you're reading this in 2024 and I haven't updated for seven years I'm sorry. Harry tightened his red and gold scarf about his neck before taking a deep, shivery breath. Steeling heightening nerves, he took a small step forwards. The night seemed to curl itself around his lithe form, covering him and coating everything in sight with a deep midnight-blue colour. Trees swayed slightly in a breeze that chilled Harry right to the bone. The grass seemed to follow in this dance; flowing about his ankles, tickling them in a strange greeting. Looming golden hoops stood firm high above him; stark in contrast to the dancing of the plants. Removing his trusted holly and phoenix wand from its holster and holding it firmly between slim fingers, Harry muttered a word, watching as the light of his wand mingled with the fog left by this breath. "Lumos." All at once, he could clearly see the Quidditch pitch in all its glory. Large, colourful stands filled with rows upon rows of polished benches, shimmering ever so slightly when he moved his wand in their immediate direction. "Finally, I was beginning to think you'd gotten lost," An amused voice came from the direction of the hoops, "I am glad to see you made it however." A pale-faced blond-haired head swam into view, held in place by Harry's wand light. Harry scoffed, "Of course I came, Draco. You know I wouldn't miss this." Stepping closer until he was standing directly opposite Harry, moving his head so their lips where almost touching, able to feel Draco's breath on his skin, "I'm glad you think that way." He whispered, claiming Harry's lips with his own. Breaking apart, Harry gently took hold of Draco's hand, revelling in the heat that seemed to radiate outwards from him. Harry reached downwards, clasping his free hand around the shaft of his Firebolt. Holding the only gift Sirius had ever given him out, Harry asked, "Do you want to steer or can I?" "You. You're the more proficient flier out of the two of us," Draco replied easily, letting go of Harry's hand and motioning towards him, "Come on, we haven't got all night." He joked as Harry climbed on the broomstick, to be followed seconds later by Draco's solid warmth. HPDM Smoothly dismounting, an act that had taken rather a lot of practice given Harry's natural clumsiness, Harry turned to Draco and kissed his wind-flushed cheek, grinning at Draco's apparent speechlessness. "We'd better go in now, we have classes at eight and we need to get some sleep." Draco nodded dumbly in a Crabbe-and-Goyle-like way. He was clearly still shocked after Harry had taken a sixty-foot dive right down to the ground at about eighty miles an hour, skimming the thick blades of grass with their toes, only to stop right at the last second. Draco had screamed hysterically all the way down and would've likely woken the whole castle if it weren't for the silencing charm Harry had previously cast on the entire pitch; just a precaution, Draco. "Come on then, I can't walk you all the way but I can take you to the Entrance Hall." Harry coerced Draco into walking and only left for his own House when he was sure Draco wouldn't fall over. Having completed this act, Harry set of for Gryffindor Tower. Jumping on the trick step that Harry was pretty sure had something to do with Fred and George, Harry continued on his way to the Tower, stopping to wake the Fat Lady and give her the password. He knew full well that she was likely annoyed to be woken up at such a ridiculous time. Nevertheless, he also knew that she would not tell anyone, having made a deal with her back in third year. What Harry was not prepared for however, was the figure sitting in a squashy armchair facing the portrait-hole. HPDM Hermione Granger didn't miss a trick. Everything that went on at Hogwarts of some importance was stored away in that marvellous mind of hers and kept for future reference. Really, Harry shouldn't have been as surprised as he was when he spotted her, siting in an overstuffed armchair facing him when entered the common room that night. She spoke only one simple word. "Explain." Harry decided that playing dumb might be his only chance of getting out of this alive. "Explain what?" He asked, feigning confusion. "Harry James Potter don't you dare play dumb with me. You know exactly what I mean." Hermione hissed as she stood up from where she had been sat, arms crossed over her chest, murderous glare marring her soft features. "Umm… well, you see… I," Harry scratched the back of his neck nervously, Hermione always made him tell the truth, especially when he didn't want to. Hermione raised an eyebrow. Harry hadn't even thought up an excuse. It was going to be easy for her to evict the truth from him, it was playing chess with Ron, and no matter how hard Harry could try he would never win. Harry sighed wearily. "Okay, fine, I'll tell you where the kitchens are and you can rally the house elves together." Harry tried, regardless of the fact that Hermione already knew where the kitchens where locate, but Harry was willing to ignore that factor. The glare on Hermione's face deepened. "Don't even bother, Harry. You know what I want to know so don't give me that crap." Harry winced as she swore. Hermione never swore, only when she was livid enough to start throwing curses around. "I-I've been meeting with… someone every evening because… because we're dating." Harry rushed out the last part, a dark blush racing up his neck, staining his cheeks, only deepening to a shade familiar to deep crimson velvet when Hermione's eyebrows shot up into her hairline and she forgot to glare at him, such was her shock. "Y-you and… and this person you refuse to mention have been dating? For this long? Why didn't you tell me? I would have wanted to know! It might have been nice to know that you where dating someone, you know!" Hermione exploded, that o-so familiar glare returning to aid the look of a battle stance. But now Hermione would want to know who it was, what gender they were, how long he'd been dating them. The list went on and harry only hoped it didn't take them all night. He sank into the worn red sofa near the fire, relaxing in the warm embrace that it provided. Since Harry was bisexual, Hermione had no way of telling who the person was, hell, she couldn't even guess based on gender. Hermione had a brilliant memory of little things people had told her, errant comments and thoughts were locked away for reference at a later date. She was certainly going to use this to her advantage. "So, who's the lucky man or woman that gets to date my baby brother?" Regardless of the fact they were close enough in age to be in the same year, Hermione delighted in being able to call him her 'little brother'. Even if they weren't biologically related and especially since Harry felt slightly embarrassed each time she said it; he hadn't been shown any love as child so he was still working on knowing how to react when people told him things such as ' I love you' or even just 'how are you'. This was why he blushed faintly each time Draco told him he loved him; it was special every time and each moment stood out in Harry's mind. "I'm going to make you guess, 'Mione. First clue: they are male. Second clue: they are not in Gryffindor." Harry watched as Hermione's face puzzled over his hints and searched her vast knowledge of the student body to figure out just who Harry was with. "Ummm, well you said last year that you thought Terry Boot's arse was nice, is it him?" Hermione tried, brow crinkling in thought, desperate to know. Harry was absolutely mortified that she had somehow managed to remember that fact. Hiding his red face in the glow emitting from the dying fire, Harry spoke with amusement laced in his tone, "Nope. I'll give you another clue." Harry scooted a little further towards the embers, "They're in Slytherin." Hermione gave a small gasp of surprise before a smug look snatched her features. "No way. Harry Potter and Draco bloody Malfoy." "Ten points to Gryffindor, Miss Granger!" Harry exclaimed, "The only reason I didn't tell you was because I didn't know how you'd react to Draco." He spoke softer, more quietly this time, as if afraid that speaking too loudly would cause a bad reaction. Hermione's face lost any trace of smugness but now only held a sympathetic expression. She stepped over the book she dropped when he had walked in and gave him a hug. "You know I'd still love you regardless of who you where dating, Harry, you're my brother and I only want to know one thing." She replied, holding back tears. Harry tensed slightly within her embrace. "What is it?" He asked, fearful of the repercussions. "Does he treat you well?" Hermione leaned back so she could view his reaction. Harry could have laughed outright. "Yes, Hermione, he treats me fine, I swear." "Good." Hermione patted his shoulder and gave him a watery smile, excusing herself to go to bed before she got over emotional about next to nothing. Harry bade her goodnight and settled back on the settee, feeling stupidly happy about the outcome of his conversation. Hermione had taken the news unexpectedly well, wanting only to know if Draco treated him well. Thoughts of how other friends could react. He imaged Seamus jumping up and going crazy like the eccentric Irish man he was. Harry amused himself with these thoughts for a moment, contemplating. Suddenly, he came crashing back down into the harsh folds of reality as he realised- he still had to tell Ron. HPDM Ron Weasley came stumbling down the stairs from the boy's dorm the next morning to find his best mate curled up on the couch, covered in a red blanket and fast asleep. Harry was still wearing his robes and scarf, his cloak laying forgotten on the plush carpet. Ron shook Harry's shoulder to wake him. "Mate, you need to get up, classes start in an hour." Harry blearily opened his crusty eyes and blinked twice before realising Ron had just woke him up and he needed to get to class. Harry cast a sleepy gaze around the partially empty common room, a table coated in a layer of books do deep it had to have been last used by Hermione greeted his vision. Stranded firsties milled around with each other in small groups, figuring their time tables and deciding what to write in their essays. Slowly but surely, the events of the previous night came flooding back to him, causing a dopey smile to spread across his features. Ron looked at him funny as he headed to the Great Hall for breakfast. Standing, Harry took the stairs two at a time up to his dorm, harried and anxious to get the class on time, knowing he had Potions and that Slughorn might look kind-hearted, but he absolutely despised late-comers. HPDM As always, Harry joined his friends at the Gryffindor table for breakfast, ignoring the knowing look Hermione sent his way in favour of watching