DISCLAIMER! I'm just an avid fan laying no claims to Stephanie Meyer's world of Twilight. All characters are hers and storylines are largely based off the Twilight series books. The Louisiana bayou vampire coven ARE mine however and completely and totally made up. Any resemblance to real or fictional people is entirely a coincidence, yada yada yada you get the gist! Preface: The metallic smell of blood permeated the air. Both wolf and vampire blood intermingled into a wild and deadly combination. Sounds of metal tearing and twisting with occasional whines and howls echoed in the forest. A new coven of vampires thought they could take up residence in the lush Pacific Northwest forests, however they didn't know that these forests were already occupied. They didn't know about the legend of the shape shifters who protect these lands. They didn't know how outnumbered and inadequate they would be. Picking off unsuspecting tourists in the Louisiana Bayou had been easy, too easy. They didn't know that they weren't the top of the supernatural food chain. What they didn't know would get most of them killed... Unfortunately, despite the devastation of the loss of most of their coven, they weren't finished. The few remaining vampires wanted revenge and they figured out how to get it. Chapter 1: Claire POV (age 16): Summers used to be my favorite time of year. My parents let me stay with my auntie Emily and her husband Sam, well they used to until the accident. The details around what happened are fuzzy. I have the feeling that the "adults" don't want us "kids" to know something. But that could just be my imagination working overtime again. I do that a lot. People say that I come up with some pretty crazy stories. Once my parents took me to a therapist when I told them that I had dreams of a giant wolf who was my guardian angel. Overactive imagination, I tell ya! Back to the accident, last summer my auntie Emily was the victim of a wild animal attack. Some rumors say it was a bear, some say it was a cougar, but no one really knows the truth. Why? Because my auntie can't speak anymore. She survived the attack, however I don't think you could consider her current state as really living. She is being kept alive by machines pretty much, but my uncle Sam won't take her off of them. He says something about it being his duty to always protect her. Who knows - maybe there will still be a miracle that she'll wake up one day? Now this summer is going to be spent at home with my parents. How much more lame can a teenager's summers get? Despite the lame summer, I really miss my friends and family on the Quileute reservation. I felt like it was my second home. And then there's this guy. Isn't there always a guy? I loved to spend my summers drooling over him. Of course he didn't even realize I existed much. That is to be expected when I'm still just a kid anyway, but hey I can dream! Oh and dream I do (overactive imagination, remember?) . In my fantasy land he's my soul mate and we are destined to be together, but he is just waiting for me to turn 18 - which explains why he has to pretend like I don't exist until then. This guy though, how cliché it sounds but he's...so...perfect. All the guys on the Quileute reservation are like super tall and super muscle-y. Yeah not a word, but there is no better way to describe them then that. Quil though, The Guy, is just different than the others. His eyes, his hair, his smile, his biceps... I could go on and on. It's not just physical attraction though, at least I don't think it is. I really feel like we have some sort of secret connection even though he rarely looks my way or even says more than two words to me. Sometimes I get the feeling though that it's nothing more than a childish crush like my friends have on their favorite celebrity..and just as obtainable or possible too (in other words NEVER GONNA HAPPEN). Apparently Quil (The Guy) used to be quite close with my family, so I know he knows my name at least. From family pictures and a few fuzzy memories I have, he was like a brother to me. We're NOT related though, let's be clear on that right now. Trust me, I checked the family tree. For some reason though he just really liked hanging out with my family I guess. He was a really good babysitter too and took care of me a lot (how embarrassing is that!) Something happened a few years ago though and he never came around as much, then soon it was not at all. Now it's like I don't even exist to him. This summer my parents were planning on some big European cruise that they were supposed to take alone. However, because of auntie Emily's accident my sister and I are stuck here at home. I offered to keep an eye on things and watch my sister so that my parents could still go. Besides, my friends are all off having beach parties and whatever else, and I'm just not feeling up to it. I miss my Quileute friends and I miss seeing Quil. Even if he pretended like I wasn't even on his radar, just being near him made me feel better somehow. Now I feel only as if I piece of me is missing. Today my parents are leaving for their cruise. They gave me a list nearly a mile long of "emergency numbers" to call. Oh and they also have our neighbor, an old cranky cat lady, keeping an eye out for us. It's not like I've never been home alone before, even if it is for three weeks . I can drive, cook, clean, and I'm perfectly capable of taking care of Gracie. My sister Gracie is only a couple years younger than me anyway...it will be a breeze. I have some grand plans of visiting the library, maybe watching a few movie marathons (Nightfall, a movie series about vampires, are my sister's favorite *gag*), and reading several books. All in all, it will be a SUPER fun summer (can you sense my sarcasm?) Quil's POV /backstory The few of us that are left who are strong enough to fight are nearly on constant patrol these days. We are jumpy and not quite ourselves. We often think we hear sounds and smell vampire when there is nothing there. This constant patrolling also gives me a lot of time to think...to think about things I'd rather forget and painful things that make me ache. Being away from your imprint is worse than any imaginable torture for a shape shifter like us. However, tragic events over the past few years have caused me to place a safe level of separation between Claire, my imprint, and I. I am so thankful that I listened to my instincts back at the very beginning of all of this and distanced myself from Claire years ago. My wolf instincts knew that there was a threat against my imprint and that the only way to save her was to forget her. While an imprint can never truly be erased or forgotten, the bond grows weaker as distance and time separates the pair. It killed me to walk away from Claire, but I felt that I had to do it. I didn't know why yet, but I could feel that it was necessary. At first I kept trying to come back and see her anyway. I couldn't just quit cold turkey. I needed to see her and know that she was okay. Turning my back on my imprint felt like a piece of me was being literally ripped away. As I kept seeing her, however, even the little amount of time it was, the more I felt that danger was in the air. This sort of danger was different. This sort of danger didn't make me want to run and protect Claire, but rather it made me feel like I needed to keep her away from me, for her own protection. I'm glad I listened... I couldn't explain to the pack how I felt. They had imprints that they were romantically involved with already. Claire and I were different, however. I had no romantic interest in her, obviously. Our imprint bond worked as such that I was solely her protector. I was who she needed me to be. It worked the same for the other guys in the pack, but I think the romance side of things got in the way sometimes of the natural instincts. That is the only way I know how to explain what happened. God, I wish I had figured it out sooner. So much hurt and pain could have been prevented. My memory starts to flashback to seven years ago...where it all began. We thought our pack was done growing after all the newborn vampire drama and Volutri intrusion, however we thought wrong. We were taken by surprise when two young boys of the tribe, Eli and Jace who were barely 13 years old, shifted. No one was expecting that. What we didn't know was that a new vampire coven was trying to take up residence in our forests. Silly them had never heard the legends up here I guess. They were from downs south, Louisiana or something. They led a pretty sheltered life in the Bayou from the looks of them. When we finally caught their scent and met up with them, they looked totally shocked to see us. We completely ambushed them. Unfortunately in the scuffle, they took out Brady and Eli. A couple of the vampires in their coven were very fast, like Cullen fast. Once they recovered from the shock, they got a couple lethal bites in, and that was all it took. We got them back good though. We wiped out four of their coven that night. My only regret is that we couldn't get them all before two escaped. I figured they wouldn't be back, but after the deaths of Brady and Eli, the pack felt we needed to double up on patrol duties for a time. I couldn't spend as much time with Claire, and I started to feel that warning signal starting then - that I needed to keep away from her. The quiet and calm of the next three years to follow was a facade. We realize now that the remaining two vampires were just laying in wait while trying to figure us out. They had all the time in the world to wait until the time was perfect to strike. They knew that two of them couldn't stand a chance against the pack, even with us down two members. So they found another way to get us. They had abilities that we didn't know about, abilities that could hurt shifters like us. The first attack was four years ago (or three years after we nearly decimated their coven). Rachel, Jacob's sister and Paul's imprint, was out for a run on an old logging road up in the mountains. Paul hated that she would insist on these solo jogs up in the mountains. She loved Paul, but she loved her space though. He found a compromise by giving her enough distance to make her feel like she was alone, yet he could still be there within seconds if needed. That day , however, he got tied up patrolling elsewhere due to a report of a possible vampire in the area on the opposite side of the Rez. Rachel was supposed to be baking or something with Emily, but instead she decided to go for her run early that day. While up on the mountain road, a