Mine – my instincts screamed. I caught the deer and easily held him down, while sinking my sharp teeth into his neck. Blood flowed into my mouth and I simply gulped. I didn't want to taste it. Deer was not exactly appealing to me. It was unnecessary the torture of being constantly thinking how disgusting this activity of mine was – hunting. I just needed it to keep my monster in control and I had no wishes to enjoy it. There was a light smell in the air. A disgusting one – an awful wet dog smell. I guessed I was near the treaty line. There were no werewolves here, but I was sure they were at the beach, which was a little bit far way and that was the reason the smell was not so strong. The scent turned heavier and heavier. I realized I didn't recognize it. Was there someone new to the pack? That seemed to be the only explanation. I didn't move though. Why would I? This was our territory. They had no rights here. Besides, I hadn't done anything wrong. I could hear a loud heartbeat, but it wasn't strong enough to be a wolf's. Whoever they were, they had to be in human form. A male. I could smell his arousal. Well, that is new, I thought. He was clearly hard because of me. I was the only thing his mind could focus on, as it kept shouting MINE. Many men have been attracted to me before, but a werewolf? Could that even be? Was it even "legal"? He was close, which was obvious. He was thinking about me as his prey. I almost laughed out loud. This man could not know who I was, for sure. Me? A prey? His thoughts became somewhat poetic. Interesting. I haven't ever seen myself that way. I've always seen my true self. What this man was seeing was a camouflage. Which one, I had no idea, though. My monster was completely free at the moment and that was what he was seeing. Funny thing was that he liked it. Scratch that: he loved it. People can be so stupid sometimes. So young, his mind said, A terribly sweet child. And so beautiful, so innocent, so graceful and selvage. Little did he know I was probably old enough to be his grandfather. So naïve. He doesn't know what the close future holds for him. Is this guy for real? I'm sorry, my Edward. But it is for the best. I'd like to promise you it won't hurt too much, but I'm not certain how much control my wolf has. I'm so very sorry, my sweet boy. I tried to know what he was talking about, but he somehow could block me. He wasn't as young as I thought, certainly. He knew too much for that. No one should know enough to be capable to block my power. Just Alice could do that. And Bella, of course. I had no idea how he knew my name, but the man was most likely to know me from somewhere. I didn't have time to react, much less escape, as a too warm and big body made me fall flat on my back.I looked up and it was then that it finally started to kick in. "Ephraim," I whispered, horrified. How could it be? Did the pack know about this? Did The Elders? Did they know he was alive? It had been many years ago since I had last seen him. The scene played in my head like it was yesterday. The way he looked at me, the way his mind was centered in me. I hadn't paid attention at the time. It had been making me feel uncomfortable, unprotected, self-conscious. I remembered Carlisle noticing it and telling Ephraim (in his own polite way) to back off. What was he doing here? Hadn't he forgotten me yet? Hadn't he gotten over his little crush? What the hell did he want from me? Oh, yeah, that's right: me. He pressed his body on top of me, arms at his sides, holding himself. His hard cock rubbed against my stomach and I cringed in disgust. What was he up to? I decided I didn't want to know and tried to push him off me, but found I was unable to. "…the fuck?" I mumbled. I never cursed in front of Bella, always being a gentleman, but behind her back, it was kind of another story. I tried to escape another way, but realized I was trapped. I attempted to push him off again, but to no avail. I tried with both my arms and legs, but he didn't even move. How could it be? How could he be stronger than me? Or maybe it was me who was weak. No. I wasn't weak, I didn't feel so, physically. "What do you want?" I sneered. "Isn't it obvious, Anthony?" he said, calmly, too calmly, while tracing the scar on my collarbone with his index finger. I froze. No one had called me that since I returned from my lonely years of human blood sucking. Anth – it was the name I gave the demon inside me. Not the monster. That one was called Edward and I'd decided I didn't care to keep it inside me. That was what I was and there was nothing I could do to change it. But I could be empty; I could simply not have a soul. But no – there had to be something more. After all, a creature made by the Devil couldn't be like those innocent leeches. I was worse than them. I was the worst of the worst. Carlisle had always said I was an angel – his angel. Had he known what was on my mind, had he known the demon I had in me, he would have swallowed what he had said. So how did he know about that? No one called me that. No one. He was pressing himself against me, watching me with intense lust in his eyes. "Don't touch me," I said, trying to be threatening, but it came out shaky. "Oh, my beautiful boy, do you think I'm scared of you?" his tone was gentle, but it made me stiff. It was too gentle. "H-how… are…are you stronger than m-me?" I stammered. "Of course I am. Did you expect me to be the submissive?" My eyes widened. "What…what you're t-talking ab-b-bout?" He started kissing my face. "St – stop!" I pleaded, while trying to shove him off. Once again, it was useless. My fate was in his hands and I didn't believe it would be good. I was starting to royally freak out. One second my too expensive jeans were in the right place, untouched, the other second he was ripping them off. If I would live long enough to be with Alice again, then I was in big trouble. He did the same with my boxers and I started shaking, realizing what he was going to do. Somehow my stomach managed to flip and I felt a sudden urge to throw up all the blood I had ingested a while ago, but I couldn't bring it up. Deciding I couldn't scare him nor fight him, I took the other way: begging. "Please…don't," I whispered as I hyperventilated, even if I didn't need to breathe. Reality started to kick in. He wasn't going to stop. There was no way I could avoid this. He wasn't even listening to me. My attempts to thrust him weren't even bothering him. He was completely decided. Ephraim Black was going to fucking rape me. Loud tearless sobs escaped from my throat. For once I thought of me as a victim. I didn't even think of me as a monster anymore, I didn't even consider I had a demon inside me. It would have felt right, if it weren't for the circumstances. He pulled my legs apart, squeezing my ass cheeks. My mind screamed NO. He brought my knees up his shoulders and I struggled to break free. "This is going to hurt a little," he said quietly next to my ear. Pure agony took my senses away as I arched my back and screamed and he thrust into me again. I gripped my shirt trying to concentrate on something else and tearing it. "Please," I begged loudly and desperately, "Y-you're h-hurting me. Please, stop!" I cried. But he didn't. He kept going, faster, harder. "So tight," he mumbled. "So fucking tight." "W-w-why are y-y-y-you do-doing this…to me?" I sobbed. "Because you're mine, " he all but growled. Then a small smile appeared on his lips. "You know," he started, breathlessly. "The first time I saw you, I could not believe such a stunning creature could exist. You looked so beautiful in your own way, so haunted. I can't believe how much you've changed, at least outside. You don't seem to be the same little boy with lost golden eyes I met so many years ago. Oh, but I can see right through you. This adult strong façade you put on so no one can see how fragile you actually are…it does not fool me. There's just too much that time cannot erase." Did he just quote Evanescence? God! But he had hit a weak point. He had just put salt on a wound. Because he was right. He was so fucking right. He was fucking obsessed as well. "That blonde bastard, your creator," he continued. "I'll always hate him. He's the cause of our unhappiness. If it wasn't for him we could have been together for a long, long time. But now you're here. And I can finally have you all for myself." I was horrified. "You're sick." I felt a sharp pain on my cheek where he had just slapped me. It started dulling until it was just throbbing, like it was…bruising? "You are not to speak to me like that, understood? You're the submissive and you'll respect me." Realization started to kick in. All of this… Could it be? I had read it on Sam's mind. Imprint. The strong love between him and Emily. So how could it be? In that kind of relationship people had to love back. I certainly did not love this man. He repulsed me. How could he love me and hit me and force me into this at the same time? Could they even imprint on vampires? And males? Bullshit. This was all just a bunch of bullshit. He kept thrusting. Each time harder, as his pace quickened. Each time it hurt more and more until I was a sobbing and whimpering mess on the ground and he finally released his milky semen into me. He lost conscience through his orgasm and I took the opportunity to escape, but he was too fast. The second I was on my feet, he grabbed my ankle and pulled me. "Please, no more…no more." He clawed my shirt, leaving me completely nude. He pinned me to the ground, as he sucked, licked and bit the skin on my torso. Suddenly, he wrinkled his nose. "Shit," he muttered. He grabbed my face with his two hands and looked me in the eyes. I tried not to focus on his, but it seemed impossible to do so. His orbs were a dull brown, not chocolate brown like my Bella's. No, his eyes weren't kind and warm like hers. His were cold, unattractive, menacing, even though they held so much adoration in them. Adoration for me. I shivered at the thought. "I'll come back for you, love. I'll come back for you. I promise." Instantly leaning down, he kissed me on my mouth. I tried to turn my face away, but his hands were still on it. He gripped me tight, signaling for me to open my mouth and give him access. The way he did it hurt…a lot, so I indulged him.