A.N.: Happy birthday, Chloe! () " Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them." – George Orwell, 1984 () Edward didn't scream. For the toughest of humans, it would be considered an impressive feat. Edward didn't scream, but his leg did, a dozen organ pipes tunneling through every single bone of his right leg and making it vibrate, infrasounds seemingly spreading through the solidness of the member. They reached his head, too, accumulating into a drawn-out, low-pitched note, solemn and ominous, and his brain was turned into boiling mush. Boiling . It seemed as if the icy matter inside had melted – something too hot too close –, and the temperature of what had remained rose and rose and rose. Something boiled under his skin. Behind his closed eyelids, images wavered, shaped like crackling flames. A blurry ceiling and a pale hand. And fire – although that was just a word caught up in a whirlwind of confusion and supplications. Blood bubbling so ostentatiously that it created tears in his veins. It'd happened more than eighty years before, and Edward thought he'd screamed then, because at the time there had only been fear of the unknown. He didn't scream now – this time he was conscious of his surroundings. La Push, in the state of Washington. Amongst evergreen trees and broken trunks, scattered over forest soil, through which nutrients leached. His fingers dug into that same soil, softened and watered by the rain that had fallen just hours before. A familiar kind of burning in his nostrils, a grumbling sound shared by the lungs of five large creatures, and a set of heartbeats so majestically loud that they pulsated through his already throbbing head, made him aware of the presence of a group of beings whose thoughts – when it came to him – were tinted by a pair of bodeful colors, black and electric crimson. But it wasn't embarrassment that kept him quiet. Whereas eighty-eight years before his mind had been devoured by an avalanche of agony, now it was hit by a startling memory. Muddy, like the rest of his human memories, but not so much that he couldn't describe it. And this one had a forewarning tone behind it, summoned an instinct that was common to both humans and vampires. It wasn't fear of the unknown, but a guilt-tinged fear. Of something vague, albeit predictably unpleasant. Edward had been told several times not to run in the house. His seven-year old mind hadn't been able to understand why, since most rooms were considerably spacious, his balance was just fine, and even the corridor carpet, whose margins were the residence of multiple wooden doors, looked like a great running lane. There was a window at the end of that corridor, separating his comfortable dimension, warmed by the flames that crepitated in the fireplace in his father's office, from the outward world. A rather large window, he thought, in front of which the branches of the naked plane tree that faced the main street of the residential area served as beds for thick layers of snow. His morning run was interrupted by the whining of a heavy door. Edward came to a halt, breathless and red-faced, his green eyes level with his father's golden clock chain. The sight was unexpected, and the halt, sudden. Edward inhaled sharply through his teeth, and the sound initiated a succession of unsteady heart beats within his ribcage. The clock chain disappeared below his field of vision. Tartan waistcoat. Black tie. A pair of blue eyes, round islands surrounded by a white sea, corrupted by red branched lines. A heavy hand fell on his small shoulder. "Have you been running?" His heart inflated now and shrunk then a trifle too fast, and there was an odd feeling in the pit of his stomach, like an ice cube had been dropped into it. Edward thought it would be wise to answer "No, Sir", even if, by doing so, he wasn't telling the truth. A tendril of guilt embraced his sternum. The hand on his shoulder tightened its hold on the fragile bones. "Don't lie to me." Edward wanted to say he hadn't been running , not exactly; he'd just been walking a bit too fast. But he also wanted to tell the truth, soften it with the assurance that he was always careful. But the down-turned lines carved around his father's mouth, extensions of his hard-pressed lips, and the threatening flashing of his eyes stopped him cold. His breathing picked up, and his father's shoulder rose up like an angry wave, and– It was the opposite of a thunderclap. The sound – a loud, dry paft – came first. The pain came later, hot and malevolent. It spread across his right cheek and flipped it like an earthquake, and young Edward imagined that it didn't exist at all, that there was only an undefinable, vibrating ache in its place. His throat tightened around an intangible rock, and tears sprang to his eyes. "Don't cry!" his father shouted, and the blurry panorama made the ice in the pit of his stomach crack. Edward Senior's large hands took hold of his trembling shoulders, and suddenly he was thrown off balance, then brought back to his original stance, pushed and pulled, and it happened twice, thrice, four times, too fast for him to understand what was really happening, and by the end of it, his brain was ricocheting off the rounded walls of his skull. His throat felt achier now, and his eyelashes were wet. "Don't cry!" His father shook him again. This time Edward paid heed to his words, the warning in his voice, and the sob that had been building up in his gullet was pushed down with a big gulf of air, which he held within his suddenly still chest. It pressed down on the escalating hiccups but let one or two escape, curt, strangled sounds that he couldn't help freeing. Don't cry. Those were timeless words. Edward parted his lips, seeing his own dark mouth open wider and form a horrified 'o' in the wolf's gleaming mind. It didn't happen, of course. His mouth hadn't opened more than an inch before he clamped it shut, his teeth grit firmly. A warm draft had slithered into it, and as it slipped past his vocal cords, he heard a low, thin noise. The wolf's eyes flashed in alarm, his thoughts swirling around red flags but covered in a soft sheet of fine purple silk – there was a strong feeling of pride in his head, Edward understood vaguely, but there was also insecurity, detached from the former emotion. You're not gonna scream, bloodsucker, are you? Edward wanted to, the air in his chest joining the boiling sensation within his body. Brewing a cacophony as tempestuous as the howls of the organ pipes, still ringing. (God, it hurt. ) Instead, his fingers dug deeper into the earth, clinging pathetically to the roots of a fern and the rhizoids of the moss that covered the ground. Jacob, the wolf, eyed him threateningly, shushed him with his large brown eyes, before stepping back and taking a look at his work of art . Mentally – and despite himself –, Jacob winced. The direction that the lower part of the leech's leg had taken formed an angle… No . Jacob didn't think there was an angle at all. Just two different routes under the same tunnel, the torn fabric of the bloodsucker's fancy jeans. The pale skin underneath the tears had been scratched – Jacob had heard the metallic screech created by his scraping his claws against non-human flesh –, and although (or perhaps because ) it wasn't nearly as bad an injury as the broken leg, Jacob felt satisfied when he saw the marks. But the arched shape of the leech's back and the badly concealed horror in Cullen's coaly eyes pushed his paws backwards. His gaze drifted down to that ungodly–to the fractured leg, before being brought up again. Was the monster afraid ? The irony forced a huff out of his animal mouth, what'd have been a chuckle were he in his human form. He imagined what Bella would think if she were there, standing beside her perfect bloodsucker, her so-adored god lying at her feet, helpless. Perhaps she'd take that crazy idea out of her head – she wouldn't suddenly become indestructible if she turned into one of them, because they could be reduced to this very easily. And they were nothing but vincible, lust-driven monsters. (Monsters that could feel afraid.) Jacob stalled, no trace of amusement in his mind. His stare had gone back to the agonized face of his enemy, the clenched jaws and the…eyes. Wherein he saw a fearful, unexplainable apology, like the honest, regretful look of a frightened child. "Jesus." Seth appeared at his side. His voice took on an almost effeminate quality, a few tones higher than usual. "Jesus. Fuck. Fuck. What have you done to him?" This was his duty, he wanted to reply, but Seth had morphed back into his human form, and the mental connection had been cut off. His pack mate kneeled beside the twisted, motionless figure of the thing , his youthful face set in a displeased grimace while he examined Cullen's right leg visually, like he was worried . Like they were friends . Jacob's muzzle moved as he tried to get rid of the bitter taste in his mouth, and with his tongue pressed against a long, sharp canine, he watched Leah's hind legs falter slightly. A curious question on her mind, hidden behind the relief of seeing her brother out of harm's way. She shifted her sharp gaze to Jacob's paws, and a loud snapping sound echoed in her head. She'd seen it through his mind. But of course – everyone had. Leah rushed off to meet the others, who had managed to cage the nomadic newborn in a tight circle, while Jacob phased back. "Why did you do that?" Seth's grimace stung and stamped his mind like a fresh tattoo. Jacob bent down and untangled his denim shorts from his ankle, the familiar sound of vampire flesh being torn to shreds reaching his ears in the form of enthusiastic clapping. The flavor of a hunt was always sweet. In a sense, sickeningly sweet; in another, cool and relieving and so damn satisfying. This had been a lost hunt, but Jacob found its substitute to be much more satiating than the casual leech chase. The smell of death was a blunt fingernail scraping the curves of his nostrils. "We have rules, Seth. He's in our territory," he said, and with a repulsed look sent Cullen's way, he added, "In fact, he should've gone back to Leech Den already." "Sam gave him permission to cross the border," Seth protested. "You know he did, and you decided to attack him anyway. Hey, you okay?" The weight of Cullen's torso was poised on his right forearm, his black gaze fixed on the split extension of his leg. Jacob stopped his reflection-wince before it could stretch too far. "I'm fine," Cullen said, voice reduced to a reticent murmur, eyes eclipsed by white blinds and black brushes, and Jacob thought it was a strange arrangement. It could only be the eyelashes. Too damn thick and long and dark and unreal . Everything connected to their kind was offensive in its sheer bizarreness. Human-looking things that were obviously not human, and yet – yet, from their white-washed, immaculate faces suffering could transpire. And Jacob saw in the narrowed gap between his eyebrows and the tightening of his mouth that the leech was lying. How cute, Cullen. Heroism almost looks good on you. "Edward." Sam's bass voice alerted Jacob to the presence of his leader. His muscles stiffened, touched by instinct alone. A growing tension settled in the air between