IF These WINGS Could FLY …. Summary: Because when she told him she loved him, he replied that he loved her more….and she punched him. (Au: All human) Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. If I did would I be writing fanfiction? Hell no. I'd be writing sequels! Team Jake 4LIFE! Usually The Person That You Argue With The Most, Is The Person That You Love The Most. -Unknown Graduation was in a few months and Bella could feel the pressure to plan for her future weighing on her shoulders. She wasn't ready to leave Forks; to go to college and meet new people. She wasn't ready to get a job and settle down with a bunch of strangers. She wasn't ready for the rest of her life to start. Jessica was confident in her future. She's going to be a great lawyer one day and she knows it. Mike was a little less sure of himself but he has a job waiting for him at his parents store of things don't work out. Bella had no safety net to fall back on. She mentioned this to Jacob, one afternoon and he laughed. " Don't worry, Bella. You'll be fine," he reassured her. Needless to say, his answer just made her even more frustrated and she slapped him upside the head for being so damn optimistic. Luckily, she had Angela. Angela had a calming presence that always makes her feel better. But Angela was excited about graduating, she's been preparing for this her whole life and has family waiting to help her if this get hard. So Bella was the only one who was unsure what to do with herself. "You'll be fine," Angela said, when Bella confessed her worries during lunch. "That's what Jacob said and I still don't believe it," Bella whined. "Are you and Jacob dating?" Jessica asked, butting into the conversation, and Bella chokes on air. "N-no!" she replied, her sandwich slipping out of her hands, "What gave you that idea?" "Well, it's kind of obvious. I thought that you guys had started dating a long time ago. If it were me, I'd leap at the chance to have someone who adores me as much as Jacob does you!" Jessica said, with a wistful sigh and a less than subtle glass at Mike. Bella winced at the reminder of Jacob's very persistent feelings but quickly brushed those thoughts away. It wasn't like she returned his feelings. So what if her eyes lit up whenever he would called her Honey or Bells. So what if, sometimes, when he would casually grab her hand she blush. That didn't mean that she was in love with him or anything. "Look, like I've said many times before, Jacob and I are just friends! Anyway, lunch is almost over so we should get back to class." Bella put a napkin on her tray and finished off the rest of her juice, no longer hungry. Jessica shrugged and went back to eating her fruit salad. "Say, Bella. What are you doing after school today?" Angela asked and Bella freezes. "I'm… I'm going with Jacob to try out the new pizza place that opened on the other side of town," she said, slowly and Jessica smirked, but sparingly said nothing. Bella blushed and ducked her head, pick up her tray as she left the table. … Bella bit her lip and glared at the math problems on the page. Jacob watched her with his hand on his chin. He finished his homework with no problem and a part of Bella, a very small part, hated him for it. "What's wrong?" Jacob asked. "Nothing!" she snapped, angry at herself for not being able to figure it out. How could she be expected to live on her own in college if she couldn't even solve a simple math problem? Jacob shrugged, unfazed by her sudden anger, and peeked at the paper. "What's wrong with you? You look like your heads about to explode," he teased and Bella glared at him. "Everything! Nothing! I don't know!" she said in a confusing rush and drops her head on the table in resignation. "I don't know the answer to this," Jacob slid the paper over so he could get a better look at it, "The answer's sixteen," he stated. Bella lifted her head up and looked at him with a frown. "What? How can you tell?" "It's a little complicated but if you divide by X and carry the one-," he paused and did a double check, before repeating, "It's sixteen." She snatched the paper from him and glared at it before erasing her answer and starting over. If only all her problems could be solved by Jacob's ability to see the whole picture instead of getting stuck on the little things. She wished she could take him with her and carry him in her pocket to help her but she knew that wouldn't be fair to him. "Thanks," she mumbled and Jacob grinned. "No problem, now hurry up so we can go eat. I'm starving!" …. They ate at the brand new pizza place eight streets away from the police station. They decided that they would drop a slice off to Charlie after they were finished. The food was supposed to be really good here. That's what Mike said, but who could trust his opinion? He thought Face Punch was a great movie. Angela and Ben were holding a study group for finals, so everyone will pass there test, which Bella skipped to eat pizza, that was probably going to be disgusting, with Jacob. She was obviously not responsible enough to leave Forks and live on her on. She ignored the fact that she'd taken care of herself and her mother for almost 17 years on her own. That was different. "I don't want to go!" she exclaimed, slamming her empty glass of sprite against the table. Jacob arched an eyebrow. "To college?" "Yes! I mean, no, I mean, I don't know. Ignore me, I'm not serious," Bella said, waving her hand, wishing she could take those words back, "I'm just- it seems like I'm the only one who's not ready and I can't- I don't think I can do it. Not on my own." She sulked. "Bells, you're worrying too much. Everything will be fine. You'll see. Once you get there, you won't even remember why you were so nervous in the first place," Jacob assured her with an amused snort. He's right, she knows that he's right but it still doesn't make her feel better. "I can't even answer a simple math problem," she grumbled. "So? Everyone has their weak points. If you get stuck call me. I don't mind helping. Math is my specialty." He boasted and Bella giggled, before letting it fade into a soft sigh. She looked down at the pizza and noticed Jacob picking off all the green peppers on her side of it. "What are you doing?" she asked, puzzled. "You don't like green peppers," he stated and Bella tilted her head to the side. "You don't like them either," she reminded him and Jacob shrugged. "Better me than you," he said "Thanks, Jake!" Bella said, as she bit into her now pepper less slice of pizza. It was surprising how one small act of kindness could make her feel warm inside. She smiled to herself and looked down at her plate, missing the way Jacob's eyes watched her as he gave her an affectionate grin before flitting his gaze downward to the pile of peppers on the side of his plate. He was glad Bella didn't ask him why he ordered their pizza with peppers if neither one of them liked it. "Anything for you, honey," Jacob said, taking a huge bite of his food and wrapping the peppers in a napkin under the table. …. "Hey, Dad?" Bella called and Charlie looked away from the television. "What's up, Bells?" he asked. "Do you know what the answer is for this?" She pushed the textbook across the table, shooting him hopeful glances from where she was sitting on the floor. Charlie made an effort to understand the problem before sliding the paper back to her with a shake of his head. "Sorry," he replied. "I haven't been in school in more than a decade and even then it wasn't this complicated. Argh, I feel old," he complained and Bella rolled her eyes. "You should call one of your friends and ask them for help," he suggested. Bella blew out a frustrated breath and closes her book. She needed something sweet. She rose to her feet and stomped into the kitchen, grabbing a box of Oreos. "So, Bella," Charlie called and Bella looked up, her cheeks puffed out from the Oreo she stuffed in her face, "How are things with Jake?" She swallowed, slowly. "Things are fine," "Just fine?" "Yeah, Jacob's been studying for his tests too. I'll see him tomorrow and help him study for his English final." Bella stated. "Hmm," Charlie responded and Bella shot him a suspicious look. And why was everyone asking her about Jacob? Nothing's changed. She hasn't allowed anything to change. Jacob and her our friends and they were always going to be friends. He was too important to risk losing and he assured her that he was okay with the way things were so… "I'm going to go study in my room. The noise from the TV is distracting me," she put the pack of Oreos under her arm and gathered up her books. "Good luck," Charlies said, and Bella gave him a tired look. "Thanks, Dad," she replied, "I'm going to need it," She struggled with her problems for half an hour before giving in and calling Jacob. "Don't give me the answer! I just want to know how to get the answer," She demanded and Jacob chuckled on the other end of the line. "Okay, honey, here's what you do-" he went on to explain and she tapped her pen against her book, trying to focus on his explanation. She fell asleep with the phone pressed against her ear, Jacob's voice following her into her dreams. ….. Jacob had a baseball game and she decided to take a break from her almost obsessive cramming to support him. A group of girls behind her, screamed Jacob's name at the top of their lungs when he stepped up to bat and Bella covered her ears. She shoots them an annoyed glance before turning back to the game. She felt her heart constrict when she saw how him give the pitcher with his usual sunny smile and God she was going to miss him so much . She watched the game, not really understanding it, even though Jacob and Charlie had explained the rules over a million times. Her eyes would usually glaze over while they spoke and they'd eventually give up. As soon as it was over, Jacob made his way towards her and the girls behind her start giggling. "Hey, Bells!" Jacob called and she could feel the girls glaring daggers at her back. Her cheeks turned red, she looked at her feet as he sits beside her, and grins impishly instead of smiling. "You didn't tell me that you will be coming." He stated, happily and Bella pouted. "What? You thought I wouldn't come support my best friend? What kind of girl do you take me for?" she joked and Jacob rolled his eyes. "You got distracted reading one of your books again and missed Angela's study group didn't you?" She involuntarily blushed when he mentioned Angela's study group. Sometimes she hated how well he knew her. "Shut up," she huffed and Jacob's grin grew wider. "Aww, did you miss me?" he asked and Bella glared at him. "You're out of your mind," she denied, nudging his shoulder harshly. Jacob laughed and nudged her back. "Quit being stubborn and admit it," he