There Are Two Tragedies in Life. Summary: "I guess what I'm trying to say is—are you okay with this?" "Why wouldn't I be?" he asks. The question is meant to be rhetorical, they both already know the answer. "There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it." ― George Bernard Shaw , Man and Superman The day Edward proposed to Bella, Jacob was stuck in traffic on his way to the restaurant. After all, it was Bella's 21 birthday and what kind of friend would he be if he wasn't there to celebrate? They announce their pending engagement to him as soon as he arrives to the restaurant. (Actually, he overhears them talking about how happy they were.) "This is the happiest day of my life. Now that you've said that you'll marry me Mrs. Cullen," Jacob didn't know how he was supposed to feel. Should he be excited? Should he offer congratulations? …. He looked up from his English paper to see her. Long brown hair that he wanted to run his fingers through, tempting soft pink lips that he wanted to kiss, and beautiful brown eyes that were lighting up like stars as she looked over at- He looked away not wanting to see anymore. Any longer and he was sure to spot her boyfriend join her. Sure to see her laugh. To see her smile. To see them kiss. He couldn't stand it. Seeing them. Happy. It just reminded him how he'd never have her. . …. In the end, he leaves the restaurant and pretends to be stuck at work when she calls. "Edward asked me to marry him last night," she blurts. "Congratulations," he says, when she tells him the news. "That's all you have to say?" she asks and he knows she's pouting from her tone of voice. "What do you want to hear?" he questions calmly. She's quiet for a long moment. "I guess what I'm trying to say is—are you okay with this?" "Why wouldn't I be?" he asks. The question is meant to be rhetorical, they both already know the answer. ….. She'd been like a zombie for months. It was hard to compare this shell of a girl to the vibrant vision of beauty she'd been not so long ago. He did his best to help her. Sometimes he made her smile. Sometimes he made her laugh. But in the end, no matter how hard he tried to hold her together, she always shattered to pieces, cutting his hands in the process. "Please, just let me in. I want you to cry and scream and yell if you need to. You don't have to hold yourself together anymore." He kept his gaze on hers as he pulled her arm away from her chest. "Let me help you, Bella. No matter what Edward did or what he said I know he loved you. He wouldn't want you to live like this." He stayed quiet as he watched as tears slowly made their way down her cheeks. Tears have formed in his eyes too and placed her hand over his heart. "I'm here for you," he said and Bella sobbed. "He's gone Jake. He left me," she choked out, tears rushing down her cheeks faster than before. He took her face in his hands. "I know," he whispered, before pulling her into his arms. She sobbed as he repeated that everything would be okay. He'd be here for her as long as she needed him. ….. "You've never really supported my relationship with Edward and I know that you two don't exactly get along. I just want to make sure things won't be weird between us. It's a huge change for all of us, not only me." She babbles. "Don't worry, Bells. Things between us won't change." He says. "You promise?" she asks and Jacob closes him eyes. "Bella, I never make a promise that I don't intend to keep," he states and hangs up. ….. "You didn't have to come with me," Bella said, as he sat next to her in her and Edward's meadow. "As if I would let you go wondering around the woods by yourself," Jacob said, trying to ignore how wrong it felt to be sitting in the same place as the guy who left her. "Your always there for me, Jake," Bella mumbled. " And I always will be," … He takes Leah with him to pick out a suit. "I think the blue one is good. What do you think?" he asks, browsing the racks for one in his price range that doesn't look to bad. "I think you're an idiot," Leah growls and Jacob shoots her a look over his shoulder. "You always think I'm an idiot." He points out. "Well, now you're an even bigger idiot. Why are you going to this thing?" she questions. "I was invited," he answers. "Just because you were invited doesn't mean you have to attend," She responds. "Why wouldn't I go to the wedding?" he asks, wondering if maybe he should go with the grey suit instead. "I think this one will go better with the décor or maybe the white one. It's more officer in the gentlemen but-" "Because you're in love with the bride," Leah announces and Jacob hand stutters in midair, halfway to the white suit. …. "Don't you ever worry about the future? I mean one day we will all be old and ugly. I hate it. I mean, what's the point in living when one day I'm just going to die alone and my life won't mean anything." she blurted, fiddling with her hands. Jacob didn't say anything for a moment as he considered her confession. "Hold still." Jacob said. She turned at the sound of Jacob's voice and he leaned towards her, wanting nothing more than to kiss her. "W - What are you doing?" Bella stuttered. Jacob's hand moved closer to her face. "You have a feather in your hair," he slowly removed the white feather as he spoke. His finger brushed against her ear as he pulled his hand back and his skin tingled at the touch. "And, despite the fact that I will one day grow old, ugly and die. I'd say that life's not too bad, right? Why waste time worrying about something that won't happen for another fifty years. I think you should just try to live every day to the fullest. So, when your time does come, you won't have any regrets." Jacob looked out towards the ocean smiling wistfully. It really was beautiful. "And you won't be alone when you die." Jacob added. "You'll always have me" A comfortable silence once again washed over them. "Jacob, hold still." she said. " Why? Do I have something in my hair too?" Jacob asked, as he turned his head to look at Bella and she pressed her lips against his. Their lips brushed before Bella pulled away and turned back to stare at the ocean. "What was that for?" Jacob asked, after a moment. Bella smiled and shrugged. "No regrets, right?" She said, standing up and holding out her hand. Jacob smiled back and grabbed her hand. "Right!" ….. "And your point is?" he asks, and checks the tag to the white suit. Leah glares at him. "You really don't see the problem with this picture?" she asks. Jacob shrugged. "I think that I should go with the grey one. I mean-" "Forget the damn suit!" Leah snaps and Jacob flinches. "You've been in love with Charlie's daughter almost all your life. You're really just going to sit there, smile, and watch her marry another guy?" His back stiffens and he slowly drops his hand back to his side. "What other choice do I have?" he questions and Leah opens her mouth to say something but he doesn't let her. "I think we should check out another store. I don't really see anything I want here," Leah rolls her eyes and grabs the suit at the end of the rack. "Get the black one. It's the one most appropriate for this tragedy and you can never go wrong with a classic," … "You're my best friend, Jacob. I don't know what I'd do without you." she said, as he helped her get rid of the garbage bag at the back of her closet. He stared at Bella's profile, watching her worry her lip between her teeth as she shifted from foot to foot nervously. "I love you," Jacob said, only realizing he'd spoken aloud when Bella's shocked brown gaze snapped to his face. Long moments passed as they stared at one another, Bella's mouth hanging open, Jacob wishing he could press rewind and shove the words back down his throat. They'd been friends for a long time, and they had kissed a few times, but they'd never once exchanged that phrase. Jacob knew he should have played it cool, pretended he meant them in a friendship sort of way, but he couldn't bring himself to deny the words for what they were. No regrets, right. Abruptly, Bella looked away. "I think you should go." Her voice soft, and panicked and Jacob felt as if she'd slapped him. He flinched back, from the pain in his chest, harsh and piercing. Of all the ways he'd envisioned Bella reacting if he ever dug up enough courage to say those words, he'd never imagined being told to leave. Maybe his dreams of Bella would let him sweep her up and kiss her. At the very least he'd expected a gently put, "I love too…but just as friends." At most, he'd wanted...well, everything. A declaration of love, a kiss, a promise for the future...something. Instead what he got was silence and Bella studiously avoiding his eyes. "Bells?" "Please. Just…just go." Jacob stood and turned away before he let himself say anything else, before he could break off another piece of his own heart and stomp it to the ground. He'd known— he'd known— thoughts of love and romance had no real place in his relationship with her. She needed him to fix her. She wanted him to make her whole. She didn't need his love. She didn't want his love. Jacob's eyes burned as he quickly descended the steps. He walked past Charlie without saying anything and sped down the drive way to get his motorcycle off of Bella's truck, as he fled from the girl who he'd loved since he was five. … "Are you happy, Bells?" He asks as he watches her try on her wedding dress. It's sophisticated and extravagant and…just doesn't suit her. She seems surprised by the question and another emotion flashes across her face but it's gone before he has a chance to identify it. "Am I happy? I... Yeah, I guess. Of course, I mean, Edward's great. He's smart and serious. He's handsome and he loves me. He wants a future with me and I'm not getting any younger. So why wouldn't I be happy?" she questions, and laughs nervously. Jacob watches her fidget for a moment under the intense of his gaze before he nods and looks away. … "Can't we watch it one more time?" Bella pouted. Jacob shook his head. "I don't know why you like Pride and prejudice so much but it's my turn to pick the movie." he said grabbing the remote. Bella leaned over and kissed him. "Please?" She asked, kissing his neck. "Stop trying to distract me! You're so manipulative!" Jacob said, pulling away from her lips. That seemed to have struck a chord with Bella. Bella turned her head unable to look at Jacob at that moment and slid away from him to the other side of the couch, hiding her face with her hair. "Manipulative?" She whispered, lost in a memory. At that moment Jacob found two choices presenting themselves to him. Either he