Fighting For Your Love (Fire And Ice) Summary: Some say the world will end in fire; Some say in ice. From what I've tasted of desire. I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate to say that, for destruction, ice is also great and would suffice. ~Robert Frost Chapter One: Coming Home To You "...and when one of them meets the other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy and one will not be out of the other's sight, as I may say, even for a moment..." ― Plato, The Symposium January 17, Forks, Washington Beau got off the plane, a scowl on his face. That plane ride had been dreadful. Airport security was a nightmare and he'd been forced to sit between two gross, annoying children, while their mom slept the whole four-hour trip. But he couldn't blame her. If he had two little overactive brats like that then he'd sleep all day too. Beau dusted off his favorite T-shirt – a Monty Python one with the swallows and the coconut that his mom got him two years ago, for Christmas. It was a little snug but he didn't care. It went well with the Monty Python watch that Julie had given him for his birthday last year. He wasn't the best at keeping track of time or so Julie said. Beau ran his fingers through his dark brown hair, that was a little longer than he wanted it, but he'd fix that if Charlie could give him the name of a good barber. He grabbed his bags and made his way over to where Charlie was waiting for him with the cruiser. "Hi, Dad," Beau said, sullenly, and his Dad pulled him in for an awkward one-armed hug. "Welcome home, Son," Charlie greeted, smiling. After they put his bags in the car, Charlie said that he had a surprise waiting for him at home. "Surprise?" he questioned, and Charlie nodded. "I think you'll really like it," he stated. "I doubt it," Beau said under his breath, looking out the window. The last time his father said he had a surprise for him, it ended up being something sports related and Beau was a lot of things…but he wasn't the least bit athletic. Charlie spent the rest of the car ride trying to make conversation and Beau gave him short one-word answers until Charlie gave up. When they get home, there was a faded red, Chevy pickup truck in front. It was big, it was mean, and it was perfect. "Is this my surprise?" Beau asked, and Charlie shook his head, making Beau frown. "That's you're welcome home present," he corrected, then gestured towards the house, "That's your surprise," Beau looked up to see a girl come out of the house. She was wearing an unbuttoned, red, plaid, flannel shirt, a tight black T-shirt that stopped just below her naval, showing off her tight stomach, tight black jeans that showed off her calves. As his eyes traveled up from her well-toned legs, to round hips, to her tiny waist, to her breast which were at most a C, to her hair as black as midnight that spiraled into curls at her shoulders, all the way to her gloss covered lips curved into a captivating smile, wrapped up in the smoothest russet skin he had ever seen. But what called to him most were her eyes. Slanted, dark brown eyes, with long stunning black lashes that brought back memories of mud pies and laughter. "Julie?" Beau questioned, eyes widening and her smile spread in a familiar sunny grin. "There's my Beau!" she called, giggling, and it had been years since he'd heard her laugh in person. Beau couldn't help the returning smile from spreading across his face. His first smile since he left Phoenix. Julie ran across the yard and pulling him into a tight hug that he instantly returned. "I see you've finally mastered the art of hugging," she joked, before burying her face in his chest, and Beau laughed, his arms tightening around her. "It's so good to see you, Jules," Beau said, still smiling. Charlie watches them for a minute, then went to the house to give them a moment alone. "You look good," Beau said when he finally realized that their hug had gone on a little too long, pulling away to give his friend another once over. Julie smirked, "You don't look so bad yourself," she placed her hand on his arm and squeezed, "Have you been working out?" Beau felt his cheeks warm and hated how expressive his face was. "Maybe a little," he mumbled, "What are you doing here, anyway?" "I fixed the truck," she said, gesturing to the truck. "It's nice to know that some things haven't changed," he joked and Julie sent him a scandalized look. "As if there's a version out there of me that doesn't love cars," she grabbed his hand and led him to the car. "Now let me show you how to work it," Once they were inside, Julie started talking. "Okay, so you got to double pump the clutch when you shift, don't forget to change the oil, and this truck doesn't have a reserve so try to keep it on above half a tank," Beau listened, nodding occasionally, but he couldn't take his eyes off her. Julie had really grown from that little seven-year-old girl who wrestled with him in the mud. Julie caught him staring and gave him a look. "You're not listening to me, are you?" she questioned, and Beau blushed. "Yes, I am," he protested, and she crossed her arms, making her breasts stick out more. "Then what did I say?" "Um…" Beau trailed off, eyes snapping to her face. "You said that I should keep my truck on above half a tank of gas?" Julie glared at him then smiled. "Good, you were listening," Beau nodded, ashamed of himself. This wasn't just some random chick he'd eyed, this was his best friend. A girl who could probably kick his butt if it came down to it. "So, how's school life on the Rez?" Beau asked, changing the subject. He loved Julie, but when it came to cars, she could get a little intense. Julie shrugged, "I wouldn't know," Beau gave her a confused look, "What? Did you drop out?" Julie shook her head, "Nope, I transferred a couple of weeks ago," "You mean…." Beau trailed off, stunned. Julie grinned, "I'm going to school with you tomorrow!" Beau was ecstatic. Being with Julie just felt natural to him. She made everything better, more fun, and easier. "Thank God," he breathed, "I thought I was going to have to go it alone," Julie slapped his shoulder. "Did you really think that I would abandon you?" she asked, and Beau shook his head. "I knew you'd come through, Jules," he said, honestly. "I always do," Julie smiled, looping an arm around Beau's shoulders. "And I always will." "That's why you're my favorite girl," Beau stated, wrapping his arm around her waist. "And you're my second-favorite boy," Julie chirped, and Beau glared at her. "Second?" Beau questioned, "Yeah, after Chris Pine," Julie joked, and Beau scoffed. "What does Chris Pine have that I don't?" he questioned, and Julie paused to think about it. "Piercing blue eyes that make me melt," Julie sighed. "I have blue eyes," Beau growled. "A gorgeous body and great sense of style," Julie added and Beau rolled his eyes. "I could have his body too if I had a personal trainer and I bet he doesn't even dress his self," "a $20-million-dollar net worth," Julie drawled and Beau shut up. "Oh, don't pout, honey. You know I don't care about money," Beau just shook his head. "I did not miss your sense of humor," he states. "Well, I don't like your attitude mister," Julie said, getting out of the truck and slamming the door. "My sense of humor and I are going somewhere where we'll be appreciated," Beau followed her without a second of hesitation. Julie and Beau spent the rest of the afternoon fixing up his room. Julie put a rug down on the wooden floor, helped Beau hang up posters on the lights blue walls, and threw away the yellowed lace curtains around the window. "We can buy you some more curtains later," she said, "But those bright, pee-colored curtains were destroying my retinas, now." Beau just shook his head and hung up his Hamlet poster; the one with the black crows crowding around the white one in the middle. It hung to the left of his Monty Python poster – Life of Brian, Domestic Poster. There were also Two Romeo and Juliet posters, a Mansfield Park one, and one of Amy Adams in a bikini. Julie raised an eyebrow and Beau rolled his eyes, wishing his face wasn't so pale so she wouldn't see him blushing. "Amy Adams?" she questioned. "What?" Beau snapped, "I happen to think she's very pretty," "Whatever gets you going," Julie said, flopping down on his bed and Beau was glad that he hadn't put up his poster of Megan Fox in a swimming pool. Beau sat down next to her and Julie laid down, stretching out on his bed like she owned the place. "Ah...I'm tired," she yawned, and Beau laid down next to her. "Me too," he admitted, "That flight was exhausting," Julie sent a smirk his way, and Beau saw a twinkle in them. "Did you join the mile-high club on the way over?" she asked, and Beau shot her a confused look. "Mile high...?" he thought about it and then his face turned scarlet, "No!" Leaning up to rest her head on her arm, Julie grinned. "I was just kidding. You're too serious for your own good," "You're too playful for your own good," Beau mumbled, kicking off his shoes, and Julie laughed. "No such thing," she kinked an eyebrow, "Come on, you've gotta have fun sometimes," "I have fun," Beau countered, defensively, "And come on, I have good reason to feel a little gloomy," Julie stared at him for a moment before rolling out of bed and landing gracefully on her feet. "Well, I'll do the best I can to keep you smiling then, Sunshine," Beau didn't respond, too busy staring at the perfect curve of her ass and her long well-defined legs, as she bent to pick up her boots. Julie cleared her throat and Beau blinked, considering her glowing eyes, as she smirked knowingly at him. He swallowed and looked up at his ceiling. That was going to take some getting used to. "I'm going to go get started on your welcome home meal. You go ahead and take a nap while I go talk to Mr. Hot Stuff out there," she stated and Beau lifted up. "Are you talking about Charlie?" Beau asked, eyes widening. "Hell yeah! Have you seen your dad?" Julie commented, "He's a total DILK," "DILK?" Beau couldn't help but ask. "Dad I'd Like to Kiss," Julie made a kissy face. "Eww gross!" Beau's face scrunched up in disgust. "That's my Dad!" "And he's my hot Dad fantasy," Julie replied, "Just imagine him in a James Bond tux with his gun in hand and a couple of bad guys on a boat." She sighed, fanning herself, and Beau threw his pillow at her. "I was just kidding," Julie giggled, "Or maybe not," She blew him a kiss and skipped out the door, while Beau tried to scrub the image of her and his dad out of his head. Instead, he let his thoughts go dark, as he tried to think about what school would be like for him on Monday. He knew he was a