The Love You Crave In The Dark Summary: This dark shadow touching her…biting her…claiming her as his, can't be Jacob and this shamelessness creature moaning in his arms couldn't be Bella. They were just to shapes, two shadows, merging together in the darkness. In the daylight, she would be Bella again, Edward's girlfriend and Jacob would go back to being just her best friend. Until the next time the craving hit. " To crave and to have are as alike as a thing and its shadow. For when does a berry break upon the tongue as sweetly as when one longs to taste it, and when is the taste refracted into so many hues and savors of ripeness and earth, and when do our senses know anything so utterly as when we lack it? And here again is a foreshadowing - the world will be made whole. For to wish for a hand on one's hair is all but to feel it. So whatever we may lose, very craving gives it back to us again." ― Marilynne Robinson , Housekeeping She thinks that because it's dark that it makes what she's doing acceptable and that the shadows will hide her. They don't. Yet, for some reason, she always comes back, despite the nauseous feeling that threatens to devour her with every step she takes. She pauses outside of his bedroom window, not surprised to see it wide open. He always leaves the window open for her and she always leaves her window open for Edward. It sickens her sometimes how alike they are. She climbs in through his bedroom window and she knows that even in this blinding darkness, he'll see her. He always sees her. She can feel his eyes trailing over her and stays silent. They don't speak in the dark. Because if they speak, then it'll become real. And if it becomes real, then it will have to end. Before she can form another thought, he's on her. His teeth nipping at her neck, leaving his mark in a place that she'll have trouble hiding tomorrow. His fingers creep down her shoulders, hot- scorching - and she can feel his chest pressed against her back, rising and falling with each breath he takes. He makes her moan, from pleasure or pain, she's not sure. But her fingers tangle themselves in his hair and she pulls him closer. When she thinks of Jacob, she thinks of warmth, smiles, friendship, safety, and light as bright as the sun. This dark shadow touching her…biting her…claiming her as his, can't be Jacob and this shamelessness creature moaning in his arms couldn't be Bella. They were just to shapes, two shadows, merging together in the darkness. In the daylight, she would be Bella again, Edward's girlfriend and Jacob would go back to being just her best friend...until the next time the craving hit. A whimper breaks free as his teeth bite harder into the soft skin of her throat. Part of her delights in the pain. Because it shouldn't just be pleasure. What she's doing is wrong and the pain takes the guilt away. She can feel his lips curl against her skin, as if he can read her thoughts. He pulls away, his hands tugging her shirt over her head and she kicks of her shoes, before he pushes her pants down to floor. She reaches behind her back and unsnaps her bra, then she runs her hands over his body, knowing him in a way that she would never admit to in the daylight. His hands, his mouth, is everywhere but not the one place she wants it to be the most. She reaches for his edge of his boxers but he grabs her hands and pins them to her sides. With her hands pinned down, and his with them, he uses his mouth to taste her skin. Kissing, licking, biting, until she's a complete mess. If she could speak, she would beg. But she can't speak, she can only moan and whimper. Don't say a word He plays her body like an instrument, and he's playing his favorite song. How long is he going to tease her? How long is he going to let her ache? He leaves little marks all over her body; her neck, her breast, her thighs… A gasp escapes her as his tongue finds her center through her panties. He lets go of her wrist and shoves her down onto his bed. His hands grab her waist and he holds her steady as he torments her through the cloth. Her mouth opens, words rising to the surface, but she drowns them out with her moans. Don't speak. Don't say it. Don't… He moves her panties to the side and bites down on her clit. She cries out and he sinks his nails into her skin, a warning for her to keep her mouth shut. She made the rules, so she has no right to break them now. It wasn't always like this. She can still remember the first time like it was yesterday. Jacob and Bella were sitting on the steps of the movie theater. Jacob had his arm wrapped around her shoulder and she had her face buried in his neck, when Mike stumbled out of the bathroom, his face grey and covered in sweat. He looked horrible. " Oh no," she gasped, pulling away from Jacob and standing up. " I don't feel so good," Mike moaned, wrapping his arm around his stomach and leaning against the wall. " Do you want to leave early?" Bella asked, and Mike shook his head. " I called my mom," he said, "She should be here soon. You two go finish the movie," Bella opened her mouth to protest but Jacob grabbed her hand. " Thanks Mike but we'll wait here with you until your mom comes," he said, and Bella gave him a grateful smile. " Why didn't you tell us you were sick?" Bella asked, and Mike shrugged. " I didn't want to miss our date," he started coughing and Bella instantly felt guilty. "But I started feeling nauseated before the lights went down," " You should've told us. We could have come another time," Mike said nothing and they stood in silence, Jacob holding Bella's hand until Mrs. Newton pulled up. She gushed over Mike, pushing him into the back seat and gave Bella and Jacob money to see another movie. " I'll call you later to let you know how he's doing," Mrs. Newton said, before pulling off. Bella looked down at the money in her hand and decided to let Jacob pick the second movie. Bella paid for the tickets, not even asking what the movie was about and found herself watching an R rated movie that had her squirming in her seat as a poison-injected professional hitman proposed having sex with his girlfriend on the pavement of a crowded street, in front of a crowd of onlookers, in order to keep his heart pumping. "Take me right here in front of everyone…Come on, get it up!" Jacob's eyes widened, as the man forcefully placed her over a newspaper vending machine and took her from behind. " I'm alive!" Jacob laughed, and grabbed some popcorn from Bella's lap. " What a rush, right?" he joked, and Bella's mind whirled. " Don't even think about it!" Edward's voice growled in her ear and Bella turned to look at the empty seat beside her. " You alright, Bells?" Jacob asked, and Bella looked at him through the eyes of an addict searching for her next high. " I'm fine," she muttered, trying shake the idea out of her mind. " Okay," Jacob said, and he tried to engage Bella in conversation for the rest of the movie. But Bella's mind was somewhere else and, minutes after they left the theater, she had him pressed up against a wall in a dark alley. It was so dark that she could barely see her hands in front of her face. Which was perfect for what she was about to do. Too much light would make her second guess herself. Her lips on his as her hands fumbled with their clothing. " What are you doing?" he asked, when she pulled away. " No talking," Bella mumbled, trying to listen hear Edward's voice, pulling at his jeans. " Bella, you can't do this," it said. " Watch me," Bella told the voice. " Wha-?" Jacob started and Bella kissed him again. It was like a dream, all sweating hands, panting, a little pain, and pleasure. She was glad that she couldn't see his face in the dark. He was just a shadow. He wasn't real. If they didn't talk about it, then it wasn't real. If they didn't talk about it, then it didn't happen. She walked out of the alley, her shadow trailing behind her. Once they were in the light of the street, Bella blinked and Jacob stepped out of the shadows to join her. It would've been easy to dismiss as a fantasy. The only evidence was the untidy state of their clothing, the ache between her legs, and the teeth marks on her skin. He lapped at the spot he had bitten, soothing it with his tongue before pulling away, and spreading deeper into the darkness. She knew what was coming next. She felt him at her entrance and he paused, waiting for her to protest or push him away. They counted down together. 10… His lips go to her nipple, and it hardens swiftly with a few strokes of his tongue, sending a delicious feeling of fire and electricity to the pit of her stomach. 9….. He sinks his teeth into the sensitive nub after a moment, and it makes her hips rise off the bed, a drum pounding between her legs. 8…. A moan catches in her throat as his teeth sink in deep enough to draw blood. 7… There's pleasure wrapped around the pain, and it only serves to make it more beautiful and the beauty of the darkness brings tears to her eyes and make her back arch even higher off the bed. 6….. Her nails dig into his shoulders, and she's not sure whether she should push him away or pull him closer. 5…. His fingers trail their way down to her stomach before he claws at her, pawing panties and tearing them to shreds. 4… His fingers force themselves inside her, and she screams as his fingers twist inside her, increasing the pleasure and lessening the pain. 3.. She lets out a sob, twisting in the sheets, teeth sinking into her lower lip, to keep from begging. 2. Mine, he traces the words into her skin with his nail as he leans in to kiss her neck, sucking on the place where her pulse was racing, before moving down to where he neck and shoulder met. His teeth sinking deeper in the juncture, making the pain rise just as high as the pleasure, before thrusting into her roughly. A broken gasp breaks free, and then he's thrusting into her with all his might. She winces a little; it hurts … it feels good … it hurts … it feels amazing . It's an agonizing pleasure that only the darkness could offer. He slows down a little, and she can tell that he doesn't want to hurt her, but she bites down, viciously, on his shoulder warning him not to be gentle. It had to hurt. It was the only way she could do this. He growls, low in his throat, pushing himself forward, resting his hands on the wall above her head, thrusting in her as hard as he can, giving her what she asked for. She wraps her legs around him, pushing herself into each thrust to make them harder. Hurt me, she wants to beg. Scare me Break me Make This Real The second