A/N: Cato/Peeta Going according to the movie versions, mostly So just to set the mood, in this alternate universe when you become victor in the games you're done, that's it. I wanted to write a fic with some humor and good vibes but I can't do that while thinking about how the victors get turned out like Finnick and basically become slaves once they win. I loved Finnick, *sigh*. All in all, this one should be four parts 1. Interviews 2. Training 3. Games 4. Post games I'll either post them together or separately depending on what you guys think, I wanted to try and see if I could write each part independently of the other. But still mesh together. We'll see how that works out. Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness (although some of the OOCness was unfortunately necessary) Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger games or any of its characters Cato was on his bed, staring up at the ceiling as he listened to music blaring out loudly from the wireless headphones on his ears. The interviews were over, he didn't bother staying after talking to Caesar since there really didn't seem to be a reason to stay, besides training would start the next morning so he could check out the competition then. But Cato wasn't too worried about that. He's trained his entire life for this, from the moment he entered the Academy in two he knew that he'd enter the games and someday be crowned victor. So it didn't really matter who he went up against or whatever challenges were thrown his way, no one had a hope in hell of beating him to the title. It was right at that moment that his door was suddenly flung open and Brutus stormed into his room, snatching the headphones right off of the blondes head and glaring hard at the teen. "What the hell-" "What the fuck do you think you're playing at Hadley?!" Brutus was pissed, glaring at the teen with barely restrained rage while his face had flushed with anger and his body practically vibrated with tension. Cato hasn't seen him this mad since well… ever. "What are you talking about?" Cato asked as he sat up both unnerved and incredibly annoyed to have his peace interrupted by Brutus going into another one of his rage spells. "Don't fuck with me Cato!" Brutus growled out in a warning tone as he stepped closer to the bed, "I'm talking about you and that kid from twelve." Cato just stared back in confusion, "Kid from twelve?" "Get your ass up." Brutus said grabbing a hold of Cato's arm to yank him up from the bed and drag him from the room, an impressive feat considering the fact that he and Cato were more or less matched when it came to physical strength but the blonde didn't quite have the same insane levels of rage so that probably counted in his favor. Brutus dragged him all the way from his room down the hall to the living room of the floor where they would be staying for the duration of the games to find Clove on the couch in front of the television projector while Lyme stood behind it leaning over the back of the seat as they watched something on the live stream. Cato was surprised to find Clove sitting there still in her outfit for the interview with barely restrained amusement on her features and her arms folded over her chest. The girl glanced up at him with a wicked grin, "Well well well, if it isn't Romeo." Cato frowned, "What?" "That, that is what." Brutus said letting go of his arm to gesture towards the screen. Cato looked up at the screen but that didn't seem to help his confusion one bit when he saw Caesar's muted form speaking on the screen. Lyme reached down to snatch the remote off the couch to turn the volume up with a snort. " And we're back with the story that has the whole Capitol buzzing as the tribute from district twelve made a shocking confession during tonight's interview portion of the games…" the shot changed to show a short clip of a small door opening to reveal two blondes inside what looked like a closet with the shorter one's back pressed against the wall and the taller one with his hand braced against the wall beside the shorter ones head, just before bright flashes from cameras flashed all over them and the two quickly pulled apart before the taller one slipped out the door. It was a clip of Cato and Peeta just moments after the ceremony held when the tributes arrived at the Capitol just before the grand opening ceremony with the chariot rides. "What, this is what you're so pissed about?" Cato asked incredulously, "I already told you what happened; the twerp and I got stuck in a fucking broom closet when we were being taken to the dressing rooms we were barely in there for more than three minutes, besides I already took care of it on the show." " This footage was taken mere moments after the tributes arrived for the games just two days ago and caused a media storm after rumors and accusations of competitor tampering and intimidation were raised among Hunger Games officials. However during an interview with one of the men involved, Cato Hadley, this year's male tribute from district two it seemed that the public forgave the young man for the incident as he blamed his rash actions on his competitive spirit…" ' Cato, I have to ask; what were you doing in that closet with Peeta Mellark?' Caesar asked leaning in towards the other from his seat as if waiting for some juicy piece of gossip and the audience chuckled while Cato just laughed as he leaned back in his seat placing his right ankle on his left knee before he spoke, 'Well at first, it was a simple mistake; we were being ushered to our respective rooms to prepare for the opening ceremony when we were swept up by the crowd of tributes and civilians and ended up locked in the closet. I have to say, I never knew Capitol women could be that fast in those heels.' The audience laughed along with Caesar while Cato continued, 'But then while we were in there I decided then would be the perfect time to check out the competition.' ' Competition? Do you think district twelve could turn out to be a threat this year?' ' I can't really know that for sure until I've actually seen what the two tributes are capable of, but I never leave anything to chance. So I decided to appraise him up close get a feel for what I can expect to deal with during the games' Cato shrugged and Caesar nodded, 'So you were sizing up your prey, so to speak?' ' Call it a… predator's instinct.' Cato said flashing the audience a seductive smile causing some of them to swoon loudly and others to chuckle, 'When I know what I want I go after it and I don't let anything stand in my way.' Cato let out an exasperated sigh, "See, I took care of it. So why the hell are you on my case?" "Wait for it…" Clove said pointing at the screen and Cato frowned as the broadcast continued. " Well, we had our answer and the citizens of Panem were relieved to find out that this year's star tribute was still set to take on the games and give us the show to end all shows until later in the night when the male tribute from district twelve, Peeta Mellark a baker from the merchant's section made a shocking confession." Cato's frown deepened, "Confession?" Another clip played, seeming to pick up after some kind of joke was made since the audience was laughing along with Caesar while the blonde on the screen just gave them a charming smile. "The kid cleans up nice, what does this have to do with-" ' So Peeta, since your debut here a few days ago women all over the Capitol have been dying to know; do you have anyone special in your life?' Peeta looked away for a moment as he shifted in his seat, 'No not really.' ' I refuse to believe it, a handsome young man like you?' Caesar tried as he leaned in a bit closer to the teen, 'There must be someone you're interested in, maybe a gorgeous girl back home.' Peeta let out a soft chuckle, 'Well, there is someone I'm interested in, but I'm not sure if he's really taken any notice of me. Actually I'm pretty sure he didn't know I existed before the reaping.' The audience filled with gasps and Caesar seemed to blink in surprise, 'So this special someone is male… that can't be easy coming from a district where same sex relationships are frowned on.' ' It isn't, but it doesn't change the way I feel about him.' Peeta said shifting in his seat a little more as his skin flushed in a light blush, 'I don't think there'll ever be a moment where I'll ever stop caring about him.' The audience filled with longing sighs and heartfelt cooes before briefly clapping and Caesar gave the tribute a smile, 'Well Peeta, I'll tell you what; you go out there and give it your all, win the games, ask your true love out on a date once you get home and not only will that special someone just have to go out with you but you will have the support to make sure that your love perseveres.' Peeta took a deep breath with a shake of his head, 'I don't think winning will help me.' Caesar scoffed, 'Why on earth not?' ' Because he's here, competing in the games.' Peeta said looking up to look Caesar straight in the eye and the blue haired man's eyes went wide for the briefest of moments, the audience filled with shocked gasps before it suddenly went completely still. Caesar cleared his throat, 'Well that is unfortunate.' ' You're telling me.' Peeta said with a short laugh and the audience seemed to chuckle with him albeit a bit awkwardly and Caesar quickly reached out to shake Peeta's hand forcing a smile onto his face as he spoke, 'Peeta thank you so much for taking the time to talk to us, we wish you the best of luck with the games' ' Thank you I appreciate it.' Peeta said as the both stood up and he waved to the crowd when it suddenly started to cheer as he left the stage. ' Well, never a dull moment in the Hunger Games huh folks?' Cato gaped. No way. The blonde looked up at his mentors first before looking down at Clove with wide eyes, "Oh no way! You don't actually think he's talking about me?! I hardly know that idiot!" "Shhh!" Lyme shushed him and Clove gave a snort. " In light of Peeta's confession we here at the show can't help but ponder the incident that occurred between him and Cato. Was Cato really just checking out the competition or was he appraising Peeta for a completely different reason." Caesar asked as he stared right into the camera before turning in his seat towards the one beside him, "Joining us tonight to discuss this shocking turn of events we have marriage and couples counselor and noted romance novelist, Geraldine Splicer." The camera turned towards the woman sitting in the seat beside Caesar, she had dark skin with a sea foam green colored wig that had gold highlights running through it, green eye shadow and fake eyelashes laced with gold behind the frame of a sleek pair of glasses while she wore tight black pants and a shirt with a black jacket. " Geraldine it is a pleasure