A/N: I have ALWAYS wanted to try writing for Peeta, because he's perfect. Courage gained, it's finally time to do this. Cato/Peeta and Gale/Peeta, my first Hunger Games fic. My knowledge of this series only goes as far as the movies so my apologies for any inaccuracies. Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own any part of the Hunger Games franchise in any way whatsoever The arena was silent, save for one tent in the middle of the career camp about ten yards away from the camp fire where Clove and Marvel kept watch. Cato let his hand tangle and curl in Peeta's hair, watching as the other teen's head bobbed up and down in his lap and let out a deep moan as the blonde licked and sucked around his length. Before his hand tightened in those blonde locks and he pulled the other teen off his cock and up to his face. "Cato?" Peeta was breathing hard, staring at the career with flushed cheeks and bruised lips eyes blown wide with lust. Cato felt desire pulse through his veins and his chest swell with warmth before he moved forward to force the other tribute down against the sleeping bag to capture those bruised lips with his own in a deep kiss, tasting himself on the other's tongue while Peeta moaned as he opened his mouth to allow the career access and his arms wrapped themselves around his neck. Peeta Mellark. Cato would capture stars for this boy if he could; follow him to the ends of the earth as long as it meant that he could hold him close. It wasn't meant to be this way. He was meant to volunteer as tribute, win the games and go home as victor. That's how it was meant to be, that's all he'd planned on doing. Falling in love with a baker boy from shitty district twelve was not part of the plan. Cato found himself torn between absolute joy and complete heartache. Joy because he got to meet Peeta. Cato got to spend just a few days with this incredible creature, he got to keep him locked in his arms and pretend that Peeta was his even if he knew that it would all have to end eventually. For just a few hours of the day he wasn't just another Capitol monster bred from the day he was born to be some kind of bloodthirsty killer and Peeta wasn't a scrawny nobody meant to be his prey. He got the opportunity to be happy, truly happy for just a few hours of the day as long as he kept Peeta close and locked in his arms. Then there was heartache, because he knew that it all had to end. The joy and love he felt for Peeta couldn't last, it was never meant to last. From that first time he kissed the blonde that night on the roof before the games were meant to start, he knew. Eventually Peeta would have to die and he would be the one who would have to do it. It couldn't be any other way. Peeta is his after all; he has to be the one to do it. To watch those full lips blow out their final breaths and watch those bright blue eyes dull and fade away. Because he loves Peeta too much to watch him die at the hands of someone else. Cato felt heart ache, because he knew that he would follow Peeta into the world of the dead if he could, but he couldn't. He has to live on. He has to win the games and become victor, because Peeta won't and if Cato isn't victor then Peeta will die at someone his hands. Cato broke the kiss to start kissing and sucking his way down the boy's neck, drawing out sharp gasps and moans as Peeta writhed beneath him. The only problem he still had to deal with was Gale. Gale Hawthorne is district twelve's first ever volunteer and the reason why Peeta joined the career camp in the first place. During the interviews Peeta claimed that he was in love with Gale on national TV and he put on a show so good the entire Capitol believed him. Cato knows that Peeta was only doing it for Gale's sake. District twelve didn't usually get a lot of sponsors since they haven't won the games in more than twenty years, but in order to win the games you need sponsor's on your side and nothing grabbed at the greedy money grubbing hearts of Capitolists than a heart breaking story of two lovers destined for destruction. Throw in the fact that said lovers were both male and you have yourself quite a show. So Peeta confessed on national TV so that Gale could have a fighting chance and get back to his family. Peeta's own family despised him, his mother treated him like crap and his siblings didn't care. His father is just about the only one that ever seemed to give a shit but he was too weak, too tired to stand up for his own son and keep him safe. Peeta didn't have a reason to live for back in twelve, but Gale had a mother, two brothers and a sister that all depended on him and needed him to come back home. Peeta was going to make sure he got home. Peeta didn't plan on going home, he actually feared the idea of going back to twelve where no one wanted him and no one cared. He's perfectly happy dying in the arena, he doesn't want to go back. Of course Cato knows that Peeta's feelings for Gale weren't all fake, he cared for the hunter. Not as much as he cares for Cato but enough for Peeta to put his life at risk by joining the careers in an effort to buy Gale some more time. Peeta's willing to die for him. That fact should have Cato feeling less than cooperative; it should've had Cato gunning for Gale right off the bat especially after Peeta told him that Gale kissed him just moments before the kiss that they shared on the roof. And he did. That day they got Gale cornered in a tree, Cato had actually looked forward to killing someone for the first time since they reached the Capitol. But then he saw the look in Peeta's eyes and he just crumbled. Gale got away thanks to the tracker jackers and Cato didn't actively go after him again. It's ridiculous how this one boy could break him down and pull him apart with nothing more than just a look. Peeta loves him, there's no doubt about that in Cato's mind so he held back on hunting Gale and managed to convince the other careers to do the same. Gale will have to die eventually though. Cato can only hope to make sure that Peeta dies before Gale does. It would tear the tribute apart if he had to watch Gale die after he did so much to make sure he survived. That being said, Peeta wouldn't want to watch Cato die either. But there can only be one victor of the Hunger games, so Peeta has to go first and Cato is willing to grant him that much. "Cato." Peeta gasped as Cato started to rut into the shorter teen, breathing hard as he marked his neck and chest for the entire world to see. Marks that will still be there even after Peeta's blood runs cold and his heart stills. He'll always be Cato's. Peeta dies tomorrow. Cato decided that when they got back to the camp after the mines around their supplies blew sky high and they managed to salvage just a few supplies. With the boy from three dead after the explosion and the little girl Rue earlier that day, that left only seven tributes left. Cato, Peeta, Hawthorne, Marvel, Clove, Thresh and the girl from five. He and Clove already decided that Marvel needed to be the next to go. She'd take care of it while they kept watch while he took care of Peeta the next morning. The alliance they formed at the beginning of the games is strained. None of the careers wanted Peeta to join them but Cato insisted so they were all just waiting on an opportunity to get rid of lover boy and with just four of them left, the alliance was all but dissolved. They're going their separate ways and Cato's going after Gale, Peeta can't see that. He shouldn't have to see that so Cato's going to make sure he doesn't. "Cato please..." Peeta whined and Cato felt his heart thump a little harder at the sound, he grabbed Peeta's hands and kept them restrained up above his head before sealing their lips in another deep kiss. With one hand keeping the boy restrained the other slid down to rest on Peeta's neck, gently feeling around the boy's throat to feel his pulse and giving a slight squeeze as he deepened the kiss and Peeta's pulse jumped as he moaned into Cato's mouth. It's a little frightening just how much Peeta trusts him. Cato could kill him right now, he could've killed him the moment they stepped into the arena and Peeta wouldn't even blame him if he had. Cato knows Peeta would never hate him, not even if he knew what was set to happen tomorrow. At that thought Cato moved back up to seal their lips together and kissed the shorter boy with a level of desperation so strong that Peeta was caught off guard for a moment before he just gave in and gave himself to the career, feeling as if his soul was being claimed and pulled from his body through the kiss and not seeming to care either. He'd give his life for Cato, his very soul. " ATTENTION CONTESTANTS; THERE HAS BEEN A RULE CHANGE" Cato didn't stop; he let his hand slip down to trace every inch of skin he could reach on Peeta's chest before slipping down to his waist to pull the hemline down. Peeta didn't break the kiss either; just lifted his hips so Cato could pull the offending material off. Whatever Seneca had to announce probably wouldn't help either of them either way anyway so there was no point in listening. What they needed was a way to leave the games together. For Cato to maintain his family's pride and keep the baker boy from shitty district twelve that somehow managed to save his life. What Peeta needed was a way to escape, not just from the games but from his cold harrowing life as well. But what they needed could only be achieved by means of a miracle and the Capitol rarely ever afforded their citizens miracles. The odds were never really in their favor. " THE RULE OF ONLY ONE VICTOR OF THE ANNUAL HUNGER GAMES HAS BEEN ALTERED-" At that Cato had to pull back and break the kiss staring back at Peeta's wide blue eyes since and Peeta took deep gasping breaths to get some more oxygen to his brain since he couldn't possibly have heard what he thinks he just heard. " THERE CAN NOW BE TWO VICTORS OF THE HUNGER GAMES, REGARDLESS OF WHICHEVER DISTRICTS THE TRIBUTES COME FROM. I REPEAT; THERE CAN NOW BE TWO VICTORS FOR THE SEVENTY FORTH ANNUAL HUNGER GAMES. GOODLUCK AND MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR" Cato stopped breathing as he stared into the other teen's eyes and a new emotion suddenly over took him. Relief. Deep harrowing relief that made the heavy weight that had settled on his chest since that moment that he realized that he had fallen in love with Peeta suddenly lift. Now, he can have Peeta, even after all of this is over, he can keep him. They