EMOTIONAL WARFARE By Completerandomness12 I don't own Twilight or any other Stephanie Meyer work (duh!) I've been bored this week. So, I thought I'd get started on the 1st chapter of Emotional Warfare Welcome dedicated readers and new readers as well. You all voted. Now, I'm introducing the first chapter of my new story. I'm doing something a little different. I hope you approve. For all of you who aren't familiar with me, my name is completerandomness12. This is my third story. Chapter 1 EDWARD "Now, for the Valedictorian speech, given by Edward Cullen," the Dean spoke into the microphone as I made my way to the podium. "Hello and g-greetings, my fellow g-graduates," I stuttered as I pushed my glasses up my nose. "Don't worry. I w-won't keep us here all day. I'm p-pretty darn sure that most of you have a…soirée or s-something of that n-nature to at-tend, too," I added, to silence. They were supposed to laugh at that. Darn it. "Um…we've come a long way in the past four years. Most of us didn't even know what we really wanted to do until we got here. Now, we consider ourselves future doctors, lawyers, business people, and so forth. I think I speak for everyone when I said when we go to college, most of what we learn is in theory, and when we graduated, it's with great expectations of ourselves and hope that we can change the world. "The world will see those expectations as us being doe-eyed and try to beat that sense of hope out of us. But, I'm here to challenge you to keep that sense of hope, even if it's a little. Because if you do that, though you may not be able to change the world, you can make a difference. So, I say to this year's Harvard's graduating class, t-thank you and h-have a n-nice life," I finished quickly. When I turned my back to sit down, I wiped the sweat off of my brow. The crowd did the customary polite golf clap that was appropriate as I made my way to my seat, shaking my head at the epic failure that was my speech. That was deplorable. Luckily, I got my diploma first since those who graduated with honors got their diplomas before the others. My 4.0 GPA was good for something. I guess. I didn't understand why. I mean, we were graduating from Harvard . We should have all gotten honors. I looked at all of my supposed classmates and realized that I didn't know any of them. I guess they knew me, though. I was a Cullen. I got past the point of being shocked at the attention I got based solely off of my last name in the first grade. I sat in a daze, drowning out the sound of the microphone and watched my peers pass by. Some looked at me in awe. Others looked at me in envy. Most of them looked at me with confusion. It was probably because of who I was, because I wouldn't consider myself to be a particularly attractive person. I had eyes that were too green. People always thought I was wearing contacts. It didn't really matter because I wore glasses, anyway. I was practically blind without them. My sister, Alice, had been trying to get me to wear contacts since I was fourteen. The thought of my finger going anywhere near my eyeball was gross. She tried to get me "sexy" frames, but I liked my thick frames. I thought they gave me character. I was born with a crooked smile, which coined me the nickname " Stroke" in middle school, because when people had strokes, their lips curled over. Let's not get started on my hair. When I didn't cut it, it stuck up everywhere like I had just touched a plasma ball. This forced me to use an obscene amount of hair gel every day to avoid looking like I was insane, which was a pain in the ass, in addition to growing my hair out to where you couldn't really notice the cowlicks. I looked at myself in comparison to my family and wondered if I had been adopted…or my mother had had an affair or something. My mother would have never done that. I was probably adopted and they just didn't have the heart to tell me. "I now introduce to you the graduating class of 2011!" the Dean said, prompting everyone in the auditorium to throw their caps into the air. I gently tossed mine so I could easily retrieve it. The thought of catching another person's hat and wearing it terrified me. I slowly made my way through the crowd before the small creature known as my niece jumped on my back. "Ahh!" I crouched over, letting her hop on. "Is that any way to greet your niece?" my sister, Alice, asked, trying to run her hand through my hair. Her face quickly turned to horror as her hand became covered in hair gel. She wiped it on the graduation program. "Edward, we've got to talk about you putting all this shit in your hair," she rolled her dark blue eyes. "I love you, too, little sis," I kissed her on the cheek and ran my hand through her short black hair. Alice, my twenty-year-old little sister, was what I liked to call a force of nature. Being the baby in the family, she was used to getting what she wanted without delay. However, she was never going to get me to let her have control over my wardrobe. I liked my sweater vests…and my hair gel…and my glasses. "Hey, Uncle Eddie! You did good!" my niece said, bouncing on my back. She was the only person in the world I let shorten my name in any capacity. She was just that cute. All Hell broke loose in our social circle when Alice got pregnant at fifteen. However, instead of getting an abortion, she decided to keep her baby. Now we had Alexia Karen Whitlock, who might have been the most adorable little person ever. "You smell like Skittles," she giggled before her father picked her up. "Hey, man," Jasper said, giving me a guy hug. "Edward, honey!" my mom shouted from nowhere, engulfing me into a hug. "I was so proud of you, sweetie. You spoke so well" "Well done, Son," my father clapped me on the back while starting to move us toward the parking lot. "Don't lie, Dad," I pleaded, "We both know it was horrible" "That's subjective," my mom replied, hugging me from my side. "Where's Emmett? And Tanya?" I asked looking around. "Ugh," Alice rolled her eyes and shivered, "I don't know what you see in that b…" "Alice!" I hissed in warning, "Don't talk like that about Tanya. You know I don't like it." "I wasn't gonna call her a bitch," Alice deadpanned. "I was gonna call her a BARBIE DESTROYER!" she hissed. "Here we go again," dad sighed, going to get the car. It was no secret that Alice and Tanya didn't like each other. To be honest, I think Stevie Wonder could have seen it. It all started when Alice was six and Tanya was seven. My sister had a liking, or others might have called it an obsession, with Barbie dolls. She called Barbie the first legitimate fashion icon. When our great-grandmother passed away, she left Alice a vintage 1955 Barbie, which was in mint condition. You know the one, with the black and white swimsuit. It was still in the box, which tripled the value or something like that. I was not into collectibles. It was one of the happiest times I had ever seen for my sister. She claimed that she would never unwrap it. Alice claimed that Tanya took her vintage Barbie out of the box on purpose . Tanya claimed she thought it was just a regular doll and wanted to play with it. It ruined the doll's value and Alice threw an Olympic-sized hissy fit. Names were called. Pigtails were pulled. Tanya even said that Alice had tried to strangle her. They hadn't been able to be in the same room with each other since. "It's not 'what do I see in her,'" I smiled, "It's 'what does she see in me?'" Tanya Denali. I'd known her since we were practically in diapers. She was my best friend…my only friend, really. She was smart and pretty. Really pretty. Really, really pretty. Really. Her face was just…perfect. She had this amazing strawberry-blonde hair and always smelled like vanilla. I hated to seem like I was not a gentleman, but her body…wow. I had absolutely no clue what she saw in me. I could tell people thought the same thing whenever they saw us together because she was so pretty and I was so…not pretty. But I was glad that she at least saw something. This was why I was planning on proposing to her tonight…in front of both of our families. "Now that we're talking about it, you could do so much better," Alice said nonchalantly. "No, I can't," I shook my head. "Of course you can, Edward!" she yelled. "Her cat is mean to me," Alexia chimed in, rubbing the spot on her arm where Tanya's cat had badly scratched her last year. "I don't want anyone else. No one is better than Tanya," I hardened my resolve. "Where is she?" "I don't know," dad said looking around. "They're probably on their way to the restaurant. They sat with us during the ceremony." Our families knew each other because my father and Alec, Tanya's father, were best friends and frat brothers. My mom and Heidi, Tanya's mom, were college roommates. They met each other at a party and the rest was history. "We need to get going. Our reservations are for six o'clock," dad said. "Six o'clock?" Alice shouted, looking at her cell phone. "I have to go change! I'll meet you guys there." She took off, rushing through the parking lot and I heard the sound of tires screeching moments later. "I'll meet you guys," I said, shifting my suit before wiping my glasses off. "Okay," dad nodded, taking my mother's hand. "Baby, I'll ride with Edward," mom said smiling at me, "We have things to talk about." "See you there then," dad said confused. She linked her arm through mine and we started to walk to my Volvo XC60. My siblings and Tanya teased me when I requested a Volvo for a car instead of a Porsche, Mercedes, or other high-end car. I even considered it. But once I read about the safety features on this Swedish beauty, my heart was captured. "Edward, honey, I'm so happy," she said as I drove off. "I'm so proud. My son was valedictorian at Harvard. Your grandpa would be so proud, too," she smiled. "Thank you, Mom," I replied. "You don't think he'd be disappointed because I'm not going into the family business?" I asked scared. I knew I could always count on my mother to tell the truth, even if it hurt. "Sweetie," she laughed, "In case you haven't noticed, none of your siblings have shown any interest in it, either." She was right. Alice went to school in New York for fashion while Emmett…well, he was just Emmett. "It's just…don't you think at least one Cullen should…" I was one of the heirs to let's say…a very popular company. Yet, none of us wanted to take the reins. If she asked, though, I'd drop med school and endure it. "That's what your father's for," she interrupted me. "You should be excited. You're going to medical school to be a doctor," she grinned, looking out the window. We rode for a couple of seconds before she started laughing. "Only in this family would a child feel ashamed or guilty over going to med school," she shook her