HELLO AGAIN By completerandomness12 Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any other Stephanie Meyer work. Only the plot is my own. It's baaaaack! I would like to thank TraciSnow for helping me get the first nineteen chapters of this story back, and Dollybigmomma, for making them readable. I never got a chance to make a banner for this story. Any takers? Chapter 1- Starting the Day Beep…beep…beep… "Fuck!" I shouted to myself as my alarm clock went off for the sixth time this morning. Considering the fact that I was not a morning person at all, I wondered how I had gotten into the industry that required me to wake up at the ass crack of dawn every fucking day. But, to be truly honest, I wondered how I had gotten into this business at all. How did an awkward, socially-isolated girl from Georgia end up in Hollywood as a comedienne? I asked myself this same question frequently. My phone started going off, Lady Gaga's Fashion blaring obnoxiously at me. Whose ringtone was that? "Hello?" I asked in my groggy, I'm-still-sleepy voice as I tried not to drop my phone. "Who is this?" "Hello, Ms. Swan, this is Alice Brandon. I'm your new assistant, remember? I'm calling to finish waking you up. I remember you said that you never wake up on time. I'll be at your house in ten minutes and I'm bringing coffee! Oh, and donuts!" she said in a rushed voice. I didn't think she'd even taken a breath. Alice Brandon. How could I describe her? If I had to sum her up in one word, I'd say…perky. Yes...very, very, very perky. That was a good quality to have, seeing that it took a whole lot of perk to get my ass out of bed in the morning. When I was looking for an assistant, I only had two criteria. One, don't be a yes person. Have your own opinion. Two, be able to take a joke. It seemed that in this town, people would do anything to be accepted and would go along with anything someone said to not rock the boat. I needed someone who could keep me in line, still let me have my fun, and have fun themselves. Kind of like a babysitter. I was not a fan of the whatever-you-say-goes attitude of a brown-noser. Also, people took themselves too seriously. Come on. Live a little. I was not saying go out and do coke every other day, but geez! I found that in Alice…by accident. On a rare occasion when I actually chose to go shopping, I went to Fred Segal. As I was walking around after trying on an outfit, I was tapped on the shoulder by a short, pixie-like woman with jet-black spiky hair. She introduced herself and told me that the jeans I was trying on made my ass look fat. I thought her honesty was funny so we started talking and found that we clicked. So I tested her. I made a joke about how short she was, asking if she had to use two booster seats as a kid. It was harmless. The joke was met with loud laughter. She then told me that I dressed like a homeless street whore. It was love after that. I hired her on the spot. "Thanks, Alice, but just call me Bella. My mother won't even let anyone call her Mrs. Swan," I said with a small chuckle. After ending the phone call, I hopped in the shower and let the hot water release the tension in my body. When I was done, I put on a t-shirt that said, "STOP reading my shirt!" along with some blue jeans and red converse and headed downstairs to see Alice waiting for me with the aforementioned coffee and donuts. My German shepherd, Captain, was running in circles around her, sniffing the bag as she tried to keep it out of his reach. She looked terrified. "Are you okay?" I asked her. "I just didn't know you had a big dog, that's all," she squeaked as her eyes followed Captain like she was waiting for something bad to happen. I couldn't help but laugh. "It's okay," I grinned as I took the bag from her and gave the dog a donut. "He's was just sniffing you for drugs." "What!" "Oh, I forgot to tell you. He's an ex-police dog. He was a member of the LAPD K-9 unit. They retired him from the force and were going to take him to the Humane Society. He was too cute for doggie jail so I saved him. He does that to everybody when he first meets them and he doesn't bite. Don't be scared." I figured I'd have to gradually ease these two together, so I took Captain and put him back in his room. That was right. My dog had his own room in my house. Don't judge me. I loved that damn dog. When I got back, I was met with a much calmer Alice. "Good morning," she said as she wrapped her small arms around me. "I'm so excited to be working with you. We're going to be great friends." I couldn't help but share her sentiment. This chick radiated happiness. My dad always told me to surround myself with good people. Alice was a good person. I could tell. "I think we're gonna be awesome friends, too. You brought me food. I love you already. What's on the agenda today?" I thought today was going to be rough so I wanted to get started as soon as possible. "Well…" she drawled as she scrolled through Terry the Blackberry, looking at my schedule, "It's not that bad. You have a meeting with the studio at ten o'clock to discuss the finale. Then you have that photo shoot for Glamour at two o'clock. Then we have Jay Leno at eight o'clock to do the promo for your comedy special and Time ." "That's it? Way to go, Alice. Mad props on your scheduling game." "Thanks, I try," she winked, giggling while popping her invisible collar. "Working smart doesn't mean you have to work hard. Well, I'll wait for you to get dressed and we can get to the meeting. It's almost nine o'clock already so hurry up." "I am ready." This statement caused her to howl in laughter. "Oh, my God, you're hilarious in real life, too! Do you write your own material?" she questioned between breaths. "Come on and get dressed. We need to leave in thirty." "I know. I'm ready." "You're…not joking. You're really planning on wearing that?" she asked as if my question held the answer to all the world's problems. This was the problem with being a comedienne. People always thought you were joking. "Yeah? I don't see anything wrong with it." As soon as the sentence left my mouth, I saw a little black blur heading upstairs into my room. I heard the sound of opening and closing drawers, followed by a loud shriek. After five minutes, I went upstairs to check on her. She'd been up there a long time. I was scared something had happened to her. When I looked in my room, I noticed my clothes thrown all over the floor with a frustrated Alice in the center of the chaos. "Jeans and t-shirts, that's all?" she asked me with a pout that made me feel somewhat guilty. I didn't know why I felt guilty, but I did. I'd bet her daddy gave her everything she wanted as a kid. She was good. "No," I replied. It sounded more like a question. "I prefer comfort over fashion." "But you don't even own one pair of heels. How can you be twenty-eight years old and not own at least one pair of heels?" "Alice, you saw that video on YouTube, right?" Someone out in cyber land thought it would be funny, and it was, to edit together every public fall I'd ever taken and post it on that godforsaken website. I think it had like twenty million views now. They put Fergie's Clumsy as the music in the background. It was a clever choice. "It's okay. You can laugh. I did." Alice nodded her head and giggled to herself. "If I can barely stand upright in flats and sneakers, what makes you think I can do it in heels?" "It's okay. We can go shopping after your meeting with the studio. But right now, we need to get going." "Alrighty then, let's hit it. Do you want to ride with me?" "Okay." As we were leaving, I let the dog out of his room and put food in the bowl for him. Once he was finished, we went into the garage and got into my 1967 Ford GT Mustang and started to make our way into the studio. After we dropped Captain off at the groomer's, we talked and got to know each other further. I almost felt like a normal woman talking to one of her friends. Then we pulled up to the studio and I remembered what I was here for. "You nervous?" Alice asked with a concerned voice as we were stepping out of the car. She must have sensed my hesitation. "I'm not nervous, I'm just dreading going up there," I said in a deadpan tone. "You'll do fine. It's never as bad as you think it is," she reassured me while patting me on the back. "You're right. It'll probably be worse." I hit my head against my palm repeatedly, trying to prepare myself for the impending torture. "Stop being a drama queen and go to the damn meeting. You're just going to discuss shit for the series finale of the show. I repeat; it won't be that bad. Do you want me to come with you?" "You don't have to if you don't want to." "Oh, please," she said laughing, "The pout won't work with me. I invented it. I'll go." As we were waiting for the elevator, I took a long and hard look at myself in the mirrored hallway. I was 5 feet 4 inches tall, an average height, and I was an average weight. I had boring brown eyes and a slightly olive-toned complexion due to my grandmother's Jamaican heritage on my father's side. I considered myself to be an average girl. I didn't know why I was famous. I was not even pretty, really. However, I must mention my hair, which was a thick brown and fell down to my lower back. I was known for my hair…and my rack. People had been saying they were fake for years. Sorry, haters, but my 36DD girls were homegrown and all natural. Personally, I thought it was weird. Maybe Angelina felt the same way when people talked about her lips. "BELLA!" Alice shouted as she waved her hand in my face. "Stop checking yourself out and get in the elevator," she chuckled and dragged me in. As we ascended, I stood in complete silence and prayed that this meeting would go well. I just wanted to talk about the finale and do a run-through of the episode, nothing more and nothing less. In Jesus name I prayed, Amen. The sound of the elevator's doors opening broke me out of my bubble and we head toward the boardroom, or as I liked to call it, the "Fuck You" room. It seemed that for the past four years, every time I set foot in that room, something had happened to piss me off. The last time was no exception. I was legally prohibited to say what had happened, but let's just say they'd had to call security and everyone who had been present at the time had had to sign a gag order. Yep, we were one big happy TV family, lawyers and all. I was a part of the NBC hit comedy series, Halfsies . It was about two