Hello lovelies! Welcome to the first chapter of the Hello Again sequel. If you haven't read HA, I recommend hopping over to my profile and read it. The first chapter was originally the epi to HA. However, I've decided to start the sequel with this chapter. BPOV 17 years later "Okay," the photographer breaths, starting to pack up. "We're done here." "Finally," Rose huffs, kicking off her shoes. "I can't believe that I wore heels every day when I was young." "You're finally feeling the pain I've felt for 30 years," I laugh, sitting down. "Shut up," Alice rolls her eyes. "We look fabulous." "Ugh," I roll my eyes, as the reporter comes over. "Hello, Bella," she says. "I'm Patty. I'll be interviewing you today." "Hey," I wave to her. "First," Patty starts. "I'll start by saying that Vogue is very pleased that you could be here today," she smiles. "Sure,' I wave it off."It's no problem." "Let me just say…" she leads off grinning."Wow. I mean you've come so far from your role on Halfsies . Did you ever see yourself being such a high profile person?" "No," I laugh. "Not at all," I shake my head. "I never took any acting classes. That was the furthest thing from my mind. I originally wanted to be a safe profession like a lawyer or a teacher." "Really?" she asks. "In earlier interviews, you always said that you felt like circumstances brought you to this place in life. What do you mean by that?" "Around the time I was 'discovered,'" I say, using air quotes. "I was going through a really difficult time. I've always been the type of person who laughs to keep from crying. I was doing this 5 minute routine and some guy passing through thought I was good. The rest is history, I guess," I shrug my shoulders. "When you first started comedy, there weren't a lot of female comedians that received any form of recognition that can close to that of their male counterparts. Now, it's on more of an even keel. Do you feel that you might have something to do with that?" That was something I was proud of. When I was doing comedy, I got paid significantly less than males. However, once I got my thing going, I could demand just as much as Adam Sandler or Jim Carrey. I did it my own way. "I have no clue," I say honestly. "I think it came down to women not being afraid of being course or being raw and funny," I start. "You know, there is this whole stigma about what is and isn't 'ladylike.' When women started doing what they thought was funny without caring about what people thought. I think that was a turning point. When I was starting out, it was shameful how I had to fight not to be objectified. I know that how I looked, while might have helped me, also put me in a box. I never did any type of nudity. I wanted them to see me for my talent and not for my boobs," I laugh. "But…it feels weird to take credit for something like that." "Carrie O'Day said in an interview, "Bella Cullen is my idol. Doing what she has done on her own terms is really inspiring. I hope that I can have reached her achievements someday," she reads. "How does that make you feel?" Carrie O' Day is the new "it" comedian now a days. I admit. She's funny as Hell. "Honored, I guess," I smile. "I didn't start this to become anyone's idol. It feels good to know that I had an impact." "She's actually been cast in a remake of "I Hope They Serve Martinis in Hell," she says. "How is that?" How ancient am I? First, they're showing reruns of Halfsies on TV Guide. Now, they're remaking my movies… Wow. "It makes me feel old," I laugh. "You're a very busy lady," she says. I nod. "Two time Oscar winner. Actress. Wife. Mom. Business woman. How do you do it?" "I believe in prioritizing," I start. "I mean, I act. I have my own business. But I put my family first. I never wanted to be that mom that missed important things because I was working." "How is your family?" "Crazy," I tell. "But I expect it." "Edward?" she asks, a grin growing on her face. Yep. My husband is still a sexy son of a bitch. He actually won Sexiest Man Alive last year. Long ago, we made a rule not to discuss our relationship. I can't believe she even asked. "Good," I nod my head. "We're good." "You've had a great track record with assistants," she smiles. "What is with that?" I smile at that. I have had great assistants. Once Alice had her show during fashion week all those years ago, she became a household name. She designs clothes, shoes, bags, accessories, men's clothes. She's even starting a line for teens. I need to ask her about that. Angela is now a successful author. Three of her books were turned into movies and one of them is now a television show. After Angela, there was Dianne. She's doing a little acting now. "I choose people who have drive. No one wants to be an assistant for the rest of their lives. Plus, I'm not selfish enough to want to keep someone to myself when they have so much talent. I love helping people achieve their goals. If I have the means to do so, I'll always try to help." "As you know, you, Alice, and Rose, are being featured in our Mogul Mommies issue," she starts. "When you started to branch out, did you think it would become this big?" They asked me, Alice, and Rose down for an interview and photo shoot about us. Me for my acting and business, Rose for her and Emmett's strong agency firm, and Alice for her designing empire. "Not really," I shake my head. "I just wanted to try it, at first. I like to think of myself as a person that had a good idea and was lucky enough to know people that could help me make it happen." "Great," she beams. "We're done," she shakes my hand. "Thanks." "You're welcome," I hug her. "Can I have an autograph?" "Sure," I grab her pen and sign for her. "Are you done?" Rose asks, crossing her shoulders. "We're been waiting forever." "Yeah," I poke her. "It wasn't that long?" "What time is it?" Alice asks, looking at her watch. "One o'clock," I answer, checking my cell phone. "Who's picking the kids up?" Rose asks. "I'll do it," I volunteer. "It's on my way home from the studio anyway." "Great," Alice says. "I need to approve some sketches before I can move forward with my fashion week stuff." "Speaking of that," I remember. "Have you worked out that whole…." "Of course," she smiles, rolling her eyes. "Like I'd refuse." "I'm gonna make so much money off of this," Rose grins. "What?" she asks, when Alice looks at her funny. "I'm giving you guys a discount." "Great," I hug them. "Kennedy will be so excited." "She better," Alice warns. "Bella," Roger, my new assistant rushes to me. "You need to be at the studio in the next 30 minutes." "Fine," I say, looking at the girls. "I'll see you guys at dinner." "I can't wait!" Rose pats her stomach. Thanks to Roger's rather awesome scheduling skills, it only takes 10 minutes to drive from the photo shoot site to the studio. "I forgot," I tell Roger. "What are we talking about during this meeting?" "Casting," he replies, as the elevator doors open. "Oh," I deadpan. This. Again. As I'm walking down the hall, my phone buzzes. Edward: In case you forgot, I Love You. Aww…Who does shit like this after 17 years of marriage. Edward. Bella: I know. I Love You too. Edward: I miss you Bella: I miss you too. "How Sweet," Roger coos, looking at the phone. "Hey, Bella," Angela beams, rushing over to hug me. "Hello ladies and gentlemen," I smile, entering the boardroom. "Are we ready?" "Yes," Drew, one of the head producers at Sh!ts and Giggles comes forward. "Here you go," he smiles, giving me the dailies. Sh!ts and Giggles is my production company. Once Nathan and Kennedy were born, I took a couple years off to actually raise them. I don't believe in nannies. One day, I got bored and wrote a TV script. It was called The War at Home . It was about a Marines veteran who comes home from duty and attempts to raise a family with his wife. Hilarity ensues. If you can't tell, it was based off of my family. We had the hard-ass with the heart of gold, his loveable hair-brained wife, their twins- one who is a whore and the other who is sexually ambiguous. Then, lastly the adorable yet smartass little kid. The last one was me. Edward read it and thought it was great. So, he came up with an idea to form a production company. Two years later, the show debuted on NBC and was a hit. It lasted 6 years and won a few Emmys and Golden Globes. Since the first show, we only produce a few projects. Simply, because we have a hand in every show so we want them to be good. "Thanks," I smile, putting the disk in my purse. Then, I grab a jumbo bag of Cheetos. It's a rough copy of one of the newer shows PESTS . It's a cartoon about bugs that live in a field. We can't say it…but they live in a pot field. That show comes on Cartoon Network during Adult Swim. It's been getting great reviews so far. "Let's get to the real reason why we're here," Janice, head of casting tells me. "Of course," I nod my head. "I have to pick my kids up at 2." "I'm Patrick," the man introduces himself. "I'm Jenna's agent." "Where is Jenna?" "She's not here." I raise my eyebrow. Strike one. "She's…busy," he lies for his client. "Sure she is," I smile, looking over the script. Three years ago, we started producing movies. We were chosen to produce a 's called Guns of Brooklyn . It's about various people living in Brooklyn during the Crack Epidemic in the 1980s and how that era affected their lives. Angela wrote it. I'm such a proud Mama. "Jenna really wants to be in this movie," Patrick tells me. "I hate to be a bitch," I saw awkwardly. "I just don't see it." Jenna Scott is yet another Disney superstar. She hit it big 4 years ago when she got her own show. Since then, we have backpacks, t-shirts, pre-teen movies, and some platinum albums. Now that she's turned 18, she's trying to prove to everyone that she's not a little girl anymore and that she can act in a serious role. When we found out she wanted to play one of the principle roles, all involved on the project, Angela included, didn't see her as a lead. We offered her a smaller supporting role. She won't take it and begged me to meet her in person. And she's not even here . Wanna know what my problem is? She can't act and has a bad attitude. It's not public knowledge but anyone who has talked with her more than 5 minutes can't stand her. I must give Disney credit. They sure can pick them. "We both feel that you might have gotten the wrong impression of her," he replies. "I was hoping to disprove that impression with this meeting," I tell him. "She didn't show. Plus, she's declining a role that most actresses in her age group would kill for." "Come on, Bella," he rolls his eyes. "We both know she's too big for a supporting role." "She's