Good news! While cleaning out the abyss of my computer I found this PDF. I'd been getting a lot of requests so I thought I'd post again. Also, my blog has a new post. Also, I've moved to a new website with a KICKASS new design. Check it out. The link to my site is on my profile. The site is (krystlelovesmovies)com. Make sure to follow me on Twitter and WordPress! Thanks! BPOV "Bella!" I hear my mom shout from downstairs. "Wake up! You can't be late to school… again" she adds as an incentive to wake me up. It's only November and I already have 25 tardy slips. That's not even including those that are in school. You see, I have a slight problem with punctuality. To me, time has always been relative. Why rush? Everything that needs to be done will get done. Unfortunately, the administration at Jefferson High School doesn't feel the same way. They say that if I get to 30, they're going to start to suspend me in increments of 10 absences. Since that would mean my "perfect" record would turn to piss, I guess you can say that my parents have been riding my ass. Yep. That's right. I'm still in high school. You figure that someone as awesome as me would get out for good behavior like any normal penitentiary, but noooo… I'm forced to attend school with the same dicks, pussies and assholes that I've known since daycare. I'm a little bitter for those of you who hadn't noticed. "Bella!" dad shouts, this time. "Get up. Now!" I run over to my drawer and find a semi clean shirt. It's black with a turned over bowl of cereal that says "Serial killer" on it. I thought it was funny. I find my favorite pair of black jeans that are ripped within an inch of their life and grab a pair of Converse and race out of my room to the bathroom—but not before I fall down the stairs from my attic bedroom. It hurt. Badly. "You okay?" my parents ask. "Yeah" "Okay. Don't wash your hair today. It's cold outside today. I don't want you getting sick." I drag my borderline limp body to the bathroom and proceed to take the shortest shower of my life. I run downstairs and grab a granola bar and a cup of juice. I check the time and see that it's 8:45. School starts at 9. I have 15 minutes. I should make it on time. I scarf down my makeshift breakfast and head towards the door. "Bella!" mom catches me before I can leave. " Remember to pick your sister up from her cello lesson at her school today at 5…on time. You also have to watch her until your dad and I get back from work." "Which is?" I ask, hurried. I really need to leave. "8…maybe 9" she shrugs. "What?" I whisper yell. "You know I have band practice at 6." I'm in this awesome band called Social Siberia. I'm the lead singer, 2nd guitar and only female of the group. We're pretty cool. At least I like to think so. We've only been together 2 years. But, we've gotten a few gigs. I take it seriously. Mom is threatening to make me quit if I make it to 30 tardies. "Your dad has to supervise a case and I need to stay late to work on my briefs." There is either the sucky or awesome part about having successful parents. They're hardly ever home. Today, it's sucks. My father, Charlie is a lead detective in the DEA. He catches all kinds of bad ass drug dealers. Seeing that we live in Washington D.C.- one of the crime and drug capitals of the country- you can guess that he's gone a lot. It wouldn't be odd to see him on the news after catching a well-known drug dealer. He's already gone to work. Then there is Mom. Renee is a hardcore environmental attorney. It's been said that other attorneys see her and run away in fear. I've yet to see it. She's fought everybody from oil riggers in Texas, to developers in Brazil. She's even been on Good Morning America about one of her past cases. She's been itching to get in on the BP oil spill. Pretty much, if you're fucking up the environment in any shape, form or fashion, she'll find you. Then she'll sue your company until there isn't anything left. Point is, you don't argue with her. "But-" "But nothing" she interrupts. " Your father and I have to work and your 9 year old sister can't be home alone while you go off and play rock star. It's about time you earned your birthday present isn't it?" she smirks. Damn. She pulled out the big guns. For my 17th birthday present, my parents got me a brand new 2015 Ford Escape (to replace the beat up Chevy that died. This car is fully loaded- and perfect. My mom pushed for it because it's a hybrid so it wouldn't be as bad as most cars. When I first received it, I was so happy I could shit. Now, I see it as a curse. As soon as I got it, I became the errand girl of the house. Getting groceries, taking and retrieving Angela from her various practices, it doesn't seem to end. If I'd known I'd be selling myself into slavery, I'd happily be taking the bus. No. I wouldn't. Anyway, my mom calls it responsibility. I call it strings attached. Now, every time I do something a little wrong, they threaten to take my car away. It's torture. Mom has me by the balls and she knows it. "Fine" I give in. "You win" "I had every intention" she smirks. "It's 8:50" she informs me as she walks out of the door as I race to my car. "Shit!" I yell. "Language" she tells me as she hops into her Prius and pulls out behind me. "I love you" she yells out of her window. "Love you too" I tell her as I wave and drive off. Luckily, Washington D.C. morning traffic wasn't as big of a bitch as I imagined. As I race to school, I'm pretty sure that I almost broke the sound barrier by how fast I was going. I check and notice that it's 8:55 when I finally find a space. I run to my locker to drop off my bag and step into homeroom as soon as the bell sounds. I made it. "Wow," Ms. Shaw says in fake astonishment causing the room to laugh. "You made it" I rush my way to my seat and wait for the bell to sound to get this day over with. I feel a buzz in my pocket. I reach for my cell phone and notice a text from Rosalie. Rose: Cutting it kinda close. Aren't we? Bella: I don't know how to do it any other way. I look over and see my best friend surrounded by the usual flock of popular kids. Most people, okay everybody, wonders how Rosalie Hale and I are best friends. I mean, Rose is blonde, gorgeous, the whole nine. I'm just…me. Brown hair, brown eyes. That's it. Don't you think it sucks that I can't even describe myself? But somehow, we get each other. Me, Rose, and her twin brother Jasper have been best friends since kindergarten. We bonded over our hatred of assholes. Flashback Today is my first day of big girl school. I didn't want to go, but mommy and daddy made me. I wanted to stay home. Why do I have to go to school anyway? I walk into this room. It's filled with bright colors and pictures. Some of the kids are running around. All of the chairs are taken so I have to go to the back of the class. I sit next to these two blonde kids. One is a girl. The other one is a boy. They are talking to each other. I don't want to get in the way so I just look around and be quiet. Then I hear the girl and the boy yelling. "Dummy!" the girl yells and slaps him over the head. That's not nice. "You forgot the crayons. How are we supposed to color?" she asks him. "You took them so you could color in your room. You should have packed them" the boys says as he rubs his head. "I'm telling mom you hit me" "No you aren't!" she tells him. I don't want them to get in trouble so I grab my crayons out of my book bag. It's the 64 pack… with a sharpener. I tap the girl on the shoulder. "You guys can share with me. I can't use all of mine anyway." The girl and the boy look at each other and shrug their shoulders. It's weird. "Okay" they say. "Thank you." "You're welcome." We sit in the back of the class coloring until the girl tugs on my shirt. I look up. "My name is Rosalie. But my parents and Jasper call me Rose. You can too if you want." "I'm Jasper" the boys says from beside her. "Hi" I say. "My name is Isabella. But can you call me Bella please? Isabella is an old person's name" "Okay Bella" they say together. We spend the rest of coloring time coloring. We didn't say anything. Then recess came. I couldn't find Rose and Jasper. I went to the sandbox and started to build a sandcastle. I was almost done until this blonde haired boy came by and stepped on my castle. "Hey!" I shouted. "That wasn't nice!" "You're ugly" he shouted as he pulled on one of my pigtails. "Ow!" I shouted before I started to cry. "Shut up!" "No" he shouted. "Bella's ugly! Bella's ugly! Bella's ugly!" he started to chant. "No she's not" Rose shouted coming out of nowhere. "You can't be mean to her cuz she's our friend." Jasper said. "You're ugly too" he said. Rose got mad. "Are not!" I yelled at him. "Are too" "Are not!" "Are too!" "Shut up, Mike!" Rose says as she throws sand in the boy's eyes. "Yeah" me and Jasper say as I find my lunchbox and hit him in the stomach. Jasper pushes Mike to the ground. " Bella! Jasper! Rosalie!" Ms. Brown yells at us. "I can't believe you." For the rest of the day, the three of us took up three of the four "naughty corners." But, from then on we never looked back. We've been best friends ever since. I couldn't help but laugh. Rose: What's so funny? Bella: Do you remember when we jumped Mike Newton in kindergarten? I hear her snort out in laughter. She must have gotten the message. Rose: It's one of my fondest memories. Eventually, homeroom gets out and I start my gruesome day. Nothing of note really happens. Teachers talk. Students text while pretending to pay attention or take notes. It's all monotonous. As soon as I sit down for lunch, I'm ambushed by Rose and Jasper. "I heard that you almost got number 26 today" Jasper laughs. "Jeez, Bella. You only live like 5 minutes away." "Seriously, Bella" Rose starts. "You gotta start waking up on time. How are we supposed to go to Georgetown together if you have 10 suspensions for tardiness?" That's our dream. Ever since we knew what college was, the three of us always said that we'd go to Georgetown together. Rose for Engineering, Jasper for History and me for Music. Music if my life. I wouldn't want to live in a world without it. It's the soundtrack to the universe. In a perfect world, I'd be a songwriter. I love being able to put my feelings on paper and share it with people. I feel otherworldly. "I wasn't late" I deadpan. "How are