I've had this little plot bunny in my head for two years. LOL. I finally got the time and energy to do something about it. I own nothing of Stephanie Meyer. Charlie's Daughter BPOV September 13, 2002 "A little wider," the woman with the dentist mask asks politely. "Awwww," I comply, extending my jaw as far as it can go. "Thank you," she smiles with her eyes. "We're almost done." "Ugh," I moan, rolling my eyes. She'd been saying that for the past thirty minutes. I close my eyes and try to tune out the sound of wire and metal being cut. She continues asking me a string of yes and no questions to kill the awkward silence. I nod as best I can. I could care less about what she is trying to say. I just want this shit, her hands included, out of my mouth. Maybe if she concentrated on not jabbing that pointy thing in my gums instead of whether or not I had a date to my Homecoming dance I'd be done already. This is not how I wanted to start my birthday. I never understood people's obsession with needless conversation. It's why I don't watch game shows. No one cares about what the contestants do in their spare time. Poor, Alex Trebek. He looks bored out of his mind. Even he knows how pointless it is. However, I must admit that I do enjoy a good episode of The Price is Right. How long has Bob Barker looked that old? I mean… "Okay," the woman grins, taking off her mask. "You're done," she holds up a mirror. "Smile," she requests. I lick my lips and face the moment of truth. I smile tentatively in the mirror. It's not long before my smile is covering my entire face. "Wow," I smile again, swiping my tongue over my teeth. "No more braces for you," she says, marking something in my chart. "Yeah," I blush at my new reflection. Honestly, I don't think I really needed braces. With the exception of a slight gap between my two teeth, they were straight. Things tend to change when you add petty high school bitches that look for things to tease you about. Renee decided on a 'preemptive strike' and got it fixed. I rolled my eyes and told her that I was fine with it. She replies by mentioning how I'd love how they looked. She was right. I think about how to admit I'm wrong without actually admitting it. Renee loves being right. Afterwards, I go outside to have pictures taken of my new smile before going into the waiting room. "It's been a pleasure, Ms. Swan," Dr. Dentin smiles, opening the door for me. As soon as I step outside, my driver exits the sleek Lincoln Towncar to open my door for me. It's a short ten minute drive back to my apartment building. I exit the car and breeze past the doorman to the elevator. "Ahhhh!" Kate ambushes me. "Let me see," she grins. "Cheeeese," I joke, giving my best playful smile. "Nice," she gives her nudge of approval. "You were cute before. You're unstoppable now," she raises an eyebrow. Kate is your typical Mary Sue. You know…the girl who is so perfect that it's borderline annoying. She's absolutely gorgeous, smart, funny, rich, and has a kickass body. Her mom was a supermodel in the 80s' and her dad is the General Manager of the Boston Celtics. "The boys don't stand a chance," she wraps her arms around my shoulder. "If you think about it, it's kind of not fair," she smiles. "You're far too kind," I say, in fake modesty. Did I mention she's the nicest person you'd ever meet? "What's going on for your big day?" she asks. "You only turn sixteen once," she mentions. "Father/Daughter…" "Besides Father/Daughter Fenway," she rolls her eyes. Every year to celebrate my birthday my Dad takes me to a Red Sox game with just the two of us. Mom hates sports. "Movies and Chinese," I answer with no hesitation. "Seven. Be there or else." "I don't want to be square," she rolls her eyes. "I'll tell the others," she waves, getting back on the elevator. "I'm off to get your fabulous gift." "Okay," I laugh, opening the door. I hear my mother and another man talking in hushed tones. He puts his hands on his hips like he's trying to assert some form of authority. Renee sinks in her chair and hands her head on the table. He steps forward and puts a hand on her shoulder. It's like he's trying to comfort her. Something was off. He takes a small box from his pocket and opens it. He takes a watch from the box and puts it on my mother's wrist. What the fuck? Why is this stranger giving my mom gifts? "Hey," I say sternly. The pair jumps apart at my presence. I see our guest's face. "Wow," I whisper. I immediately hope he didn't hear me. There is literally NO way to describe how sexy this man is. Usually, I pride myself on having a way with words…but this guy? Adonis doesn't hold a candle to him. I've never seen someone whose face was so…proportional. It's as if God drew his face with a protractor and ruler to make sure each side was perfectly even. His cheekbones. God, his cheekbones. You could probably cut diamonds with them. He had a small bump on his nose like he'd broken his nose before. My eyes scan up to the most gorgeous blue eyes I've ever seen. They're so clear…like sapphires. His lips form a perfect wide smile that shows his pearly white teeth. I bet he didn't even need braces. The small dimple in his right cheek appears and he starts to laugh and shake his head at me. Shit. He caught me ogling. "Hey, sweetie," Renee perks up, wiping her eyes. "Who's he?" I point to the stranger. "Let me see," she gets up, trying to change the subject. "O-kay," I say slowly, giving a half-hearted smile and ogling our visitor. "Beautiful," she smiles, nervously moving her eyes back and forth from me to the other person in the room. "I'm Bella," I break my mother's embrace and offer my hand to the elephant in the room. "You are…" I lead off. "He's…" Mom tries to intervene. "My name is Anthony," he smiles, shaking my hand. "I'm a friend of your mother's," he offers. Renee's huff of indignation spoke differently. She begins to bite her lip obsessively, a habit I've seemed to inherit from her. She does it when she's nervous. What's going on? Why is she nervous? "Oh," I reply. I'm pretty sure I didn't sound convincing. Something was off. "We…went to the same high school," she offers, pouring herself what looks to be bourbon. Hard liquor at three in the afternoon? Yep. Something is off. "We were catching up on old times," Anthony adds, leaning on the countertop. His gaze stops on the painting in our living room. I don't blame him. That thing is massive. It practically takes up the entire wall above the fireplace. "Uh huh," I grab a glass and fill it with water. The deadpan in my voice gives me away. I don't care. I want them to know that I'm not buying what they are selling. "Sure." "So…your mother tells me that you're really smart," he tries to make conversation. "You're graduating early." His eyes move to a vase my father brought back from his business trip to Italy last year. He takes it in his hands and tosses it from one end to the other. His gaze never leaves the portrait. "In December," I elaborate. "A year and a half early." "She's really proud," he stares at my mom. She averts her eyes. "What are your plans for college?" He stops tossing the vase and runs his gaze over it like he's studying it. "I'm keeping my options open," I take a slow sip of my water. "I should get going," Anthony sighs, setting the vase back on the table. "This is a really nice view," he smiles, pointing to the downtown skyline, expensive oak flooring, and furnishings. "Your husband has really nice taste," he grabs his jacket. "I'll walk you out," I volunteer. I wasn't being nice. This guy gave me a bad vibe. I wanted him out of our house. "It was nice meeting you," he smiles. "Uh huh," I nod, shutting the door. What the fuck? "Mom…" I race back to the kitchen. "Yes," she answers, pouring another tumbler of liquor. "Who was that?" I demand to know. "Seriously?" "A friend," she replies, taking the drink in one gulp. "If you just met up today then why did he give you a gift?" I flick the watch on her wrist. "This isn't…" "DON'T LIE!" I yell, tears pouring out of my eyes. Hushed voices. He's here at the time Dad is out every day. Secret gifts. Being too nice. There was only one explanation. "You're cheating on Dad," I whisper, wiping my eyes. "What?" she asks, irately. "Bella, no. Never." "Bullshit," I hiss, yanking my arm away from her. "You don't under…" "I'm home!" Dad yells, as he enters the room. "Kiddo!" my father wraps me in the kind of bear hug only fathers can give. "Hey, Dad," I whisper in his ear. I hug him as tight as I can. "Ouch," he jokes. "What's this all about?" he wipes a rogue tear from my face. Your wife is cheating on you. "You're not getting soft in your old age?" he asks. "I just missed you. That's all," I smile, kissing his cheek. "Good," he hugs me again. "We can't have tears ruining your sweet sixteen," he smiles, taking a wrapped box and giving it to me. "Thanks," I take the box and put it on the table. "I think I know what it is," I hint. "Of course," he hints back. "I'm too old for these," I giggle, opening the wrapper to find another Bella Bee adventures book. My dad loved to draw. When I was seven he came up with a book idea called Bella Bee . If you haven't guessed it, it's a bee with my likeness that goes on adventures around the world. Now, every once in a while he'll draw another book. They're only about five or ten pages long. He used to tell me that way I got to go with him when he went around the world. "Never," he replies. "You may not be a little girl but you'll always be my little girl." "I prefer Bronte," I joke. "Hey," he holds his chest like he's wounded. "You're going to miss those when I'm dead." "Morbid," Mom crosses her arms. "I hate to talk about people dying." "I didn't forget my beautiful, loving, wife," he beams. "Here you go," he gives my mom a beautiful bouquet of pink orchids. "Your favorite," he kisses her. "Thanks, baby," she smiles, deepening the kiss. I feel sick. "Sixteen years ago, you gave me the prettiest little girl in the world," he kisses her forehead. "Other men think they have the prettiest wife in the world. They're all liars because I have the prettiest wife in the world," he places kisses all over her face and neck. "Charlie. Stop!" Mom cries out. She's trying to sound playful. "Look at this beauty," Dad points to me. "Show me that smile," he smiles. "Beautiful," he kisses my forehead. "Look at this," he holds up two Red Sox tickets. "I've come bearing so many gifts I almost forgot." "Father/Daughter Fenway," I try my best to smile. "Front row," he rubs them together. "We'll be able to see the sweat drip down their face. We're leaving in 15 minutes," he runs off to go change. "How could you?" I ask my mother in disgust, as she puts