A Collage of Broken Hearts. Chapter 1: I sighed in content as I wriggled out of bed, my long blonde hair a tangled mess. Today was a sunny warm Monday, the beginning of the last week of August. In a week I'd be going back to Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, to course my sixth year. I entered the bathroom and took a long nice shower, and then I brushed my teeth while I looked at the mirror. A young beautiful girl stared back at me; she had wavy blonde hair that reached her waist, and light brown eyes that looked honey when the light hit them, her nose was petite and her full lips were a dark natural pink, her skin was fair. She was tall, bordering on 5'10 and a half and skinny but that didn't mean she didn't have curves. I frowned at her; she frowned right back at me, reflecting my moves. I hadn't always been like this. Two years ago I didn't even reached the 5'7 and my bra size was barely an A cup, but apparently my body had decided to change and now I was taller than all my girl friends and had gained two bra sizes, which meant I had a C cup now. It bothered me, though. My mother said that it had been the same for her, one year she was plain and the next she was strikingly gorgeous, she said it was a gift I should be thankful for, that beauty took you places plain people couldn't reach. I only wished I would stop growing, God forbid I grew taller than the boys. My physical appearance and my perfect notes gained me the title of Princess of Gryffindor; that, and the fact that I hang out with the most popular people of Hogwarts. I shook my head and got dressed in a purple summer dress, trying to forget about my height for a second. My mother was tall and so was my father, my siblings had the same problem—except perhaps my little sister but she was only twelve, and even by twelve-year-old girls standards she was tall.—so I didn't have to worry about being a giant in my own house. The kitchen was on the first floor of the four story manor, those were the perks of coming from a wealthy family of purebloods. Our bloodline was so old it blurred in the past, no one was really able to know when it had started. And since Hogwarts had been created all members of my family had belong in Gryffindor. "Good morning, everyone." I greeted as I entered the kitchen where my family was having breakfast. "Good morning, Glitter." I smiled at the elf, who hurried toward me. The kitchen was vast, the floor was made of white marble and the counter and table were made out of finest mahogany. The window overlooked the front lawn. We had one house elf, Glitter, a cute little elf that had been in my family for about 25 years. "Good morning, Miss. Will Miss want some scrambled eggs?" she asked me, already going to make some scrambled eggs. "No, thank you, Glitter. I am fine." I answered as I sat next to my father. "Hi, mum, dad." I smiled. My father raised his eyes from his copy of The Prophet and gave me a warm smile; while my mother reached down to kiss my cheek. Ariadne and Christian, my twin siblings, raised an eyebrow at me at the same time. They were a year older than me, which meant they were about to start their seventh year at Hogwarts, and were as similar as a twin boy and girl could be. They were both dirty blonds and had striking hazel eyes; Christian was slightly taller than Ariadne. I met their gazes with a raised eyebrow of my own and they smirked, at the same time. Sometimes it was eerie, others plain annoying. "What, no 'good morning' to us, little sister?" Christian asked me. "Yeah, you can't possibly still be angry about yesterday night." Ariadne added, smiling sweetly at me. Glitter handed me a cup of steamy coffee and I smiled at her to show my gratitude. My sister's comment brought the attention of my parents, I grunted inwardly. Trust my sister to try to get me into trouble before breakfast was over. "What about yesterday night?" My mother inquired, her honey brown eyes meeting my own. "You did not try to go to that party, did you? You know I didn't want you to go." "No, of course not. She was talking about her borrowing my shoes without asking me." I lied quickly, shooting my siblings a glare. My parents nodded and I looked down at my cup of coffee, the rest of them going back to their breakfasts. I hated lying to them but there was no way mom and dad could know I did want to go yesterday, and that I had begged Ariadne to take me and neither her nor Christian gave in. I had spent the last weekend of August in my home while the entire teenage population of magical Europe went to this party. Even the girls from Beauxbatons and the boys from Durmstrang had attended. "Your mail, Miss." Glitter handed me a bunch of envelopes. I sorted through them. There was a copy of The Prophet, a letter from James Potter, my cousin, a letter from Marlene McKinnon, one from Lily Evans and a copy of Hogwarts: a gossip. I placed the letters apart and opened the magazine. It was something very lame, actually, but no one stopped reading it. It had started a few years before I went to Hogwarts. No one really knew who started it or wrote it but everyone read it anyway. It talked about Hogwarts' highest elite and/or the biggest gossip happening at the moment. From the cover of the small paper, no other than Ariadne Potter laughed and blew kisses my way. I rolled my eyes; of course the front page would be about the party from last night. I opened it and started to read, having to move it a little bit until the letters came into focus. I needed glasses only to read but I had left them on my room. For those of you who don't know, and if that's the case please return this copy to its rightful owner, Ariadne Potter, perfect as usual, is featuring on the front page in what was probably the best party of the year. We had the opportunity to see many well-known faces, like Lily Evans, Sirius Black, the eternal Casanova who at least snogged five lucky ladies and got to take two different ones home; James Potter, who persecuted Lily in vain, as always; Marlene McKinnon, Evelyn Rosier, Christian Potter, who was loyal to his girlfriend and didn't do anything he'd regret; Jeremiah Wood, who didn't even last two hours sober; Dorcas Meadowes, who surprised us all by going solo; and we were even blessed with the presence of Remus Lupin, the adorable young boy who hadn't showed his face all summer. We had missed you, Remus, glad to know you're back. We were even granted with the company of the drop-dead-hot Prewett brothers, who made that party go crazy. And that's only the London part of the party. Young wizards and witches of all Europe attended, not wanting to miss an event that had been full of promises. There was music, three different dance floors, many buffet tables that had any kind of food you wanted, thanks to the house-elves, any kind of entertainment you desired, and, of course, the one thing we all really care about: lots and lots of alcohol. From fire whisky to muggle drinks to a mix of both magical and muggle beverages. It occurs to me that this might not have been such a good idea, the consequences were horrendous and many of them will wake up today without knowing where they are, but where would this lovely paper be without their indiscretions? It appears that this young crowd decided to end the summer with a flourish, and who am I to judge? The entire adolescent population went to this event, well, maybe not all of it. Where was the lovely Princess of Gryffindor? None of us had the pleasure of encountering the gorgeous Meredith Potter, even though various members of her family were present. Has the Princess finally been dethroned by Marlene McKinnon? Or did she think it would be ideal to allow the night to be Sirius Black's, Prince of Gryffindor? Whatever the reason for your not being there, we want you to know, My Highness, that you were greatly missed. A party is not a party without the one who makes all the calls, after all. "Hey, look I'm on the front page!" Ariadne laughed as she read the paper. I closed the article, not wanting to read more, and smiled at my sister's amusement. I did not think it wise to tell her that apart from being mentioned once, the article did not talk about her. I was sure there were at least another two pages about who did who and who fell on the punch bowl, that always happened somehow. There'd have been an entire page about me and what I had done, had I assisted. They'd talk about my clothes and who I fought with or who I snogged or who I talked to all night. I was pretty sure there was an article about Black and another about Marlene somewhere inside the paper but I didn't want to know. I knew them; there was no fun in reading things you already knew about. I took one of the letters and opened it, not bothering to know whose it was. Oh, My Dear Highness, I, Lord Potter, inquire as to why you have not assisted the greatest of parties ever known to mankind. It pains me, because, had you been there, I might have gotten Evans to like me. She's always nicest to me when you're around, thank Merlin you're her friend. Going back to the matter of the party, it was so wild I'm still drunk. I don't even know what I'm writing and I hope I at least wrote the right address because other wise this would be very awkward, Professor McGonagall if this reaches you please do not take points from Gryffindor, the school year hasn't started yet, be cool… I stopped reading, trying to contain my giggles but to no avail. Seeing as though I was a 'princess' James thought he ought to be royal as well, it was an inside joke he and I shared but he had never taken it this far. That itself showed how truly drunk my crazy cousin was, but the fact that he admitted it expressed how really gone he was. I was sure he wouldn't even remember writing the letter, let alone sending it. "You have got to see this." I laughed as I passed the letter to Ariadne and Chris. It hadn't been two minutes when both of them were in hysterics. They had bothered to read the entire letter and I was sure it was full of incoherencies. I knew they wouldn't let poor James live this down but it was too good an opportunity and besides, James always made pranks on me. It was time someone pranked him in return, or at least tried. I took Marlene's letter and read it. She talked to me about her last week, not mentioning the party at all but at the end was a rushed postscript that said: P.S. I did something very stupid last night. I tried to throw myself at Remus, well, that but minus the 'tried'. What am I supposed to do now? Please, please, don't tell anyone. I'm so embarrassed. I shook my head; this was why I had to go.