Links to trailers can be found on my profile page while chapter music can be found at Hawthorn & Vine or by searching 4shared. Draco blinked away his dreams of death and they faded into the darkness of the night. He was shivering under his quilt. One would think living in a manor guaranteed warm nights throughout the year. The charms placed on Malfoy Manor, however, had been losing their effectiveness over the past couple months and Draco couldn't figure out why. He peered up from his four-poster bed to look around his large, empty room. It wasn't a generic bedroom of a teenaged wizard. It didn't have a desk. That was in Draco's private study. There were over a hundred rooms in the manor and each one had its own purpose. Some teenaged wizard hung up posters of favourite bands or Quidditch players. Indeed, Draco once thought of doing the same but he never bothered due to his father's sharp criticisms. While Draco went to school, Lucius became increasingly more disapproving of everything his son did because his grades were never the highest. He would lecture him about success and a family legacy that spanned over centuries. Draco was sick of hearing it, just as he was sick of having paintings of his ancestors adorning his walls, but he had no choice. Each ancestor slept peacefully and Draco began to envy them. They never had to wonder if they were on the wrong side. Death is the safest side. Draco's breath hitched when he found his aunt looming over him at the foot of his bed. Bellatrix Lestrange eyed him curiously as if he was the subject of her next Transfiguration class. Indeed he was, in a sense that she was here to change him forever. Her rancid breath blew across his face and he nearly choked. Bellatrix was once a beautiful witch, but all that changed when she was was sent to Azkaban. It was in the nature of every Dementor guarding Azkaban to harass the inmates to near insanity. Truth be told, it would be difficult to care for one's appearance while Dementors snatched away every happy memory you attempt to recall. It was over a year since Bellatrix was freed, but she made no effort to look more presentable. All she cared about was the purging of Muggle-borns from the Wizarding World and her fanatic servitude to the Dark Lord. "Get dressed, Draco," Bellatrix ordered. "Why?" he asked her groggily. He should have known better than to question her, but she answered him nonetheless. "I've got something to show you. Now hurry up! We're going to have a little fun tonight." Bellatrix emitted a very childlike giggle and Draco blinked away his fear. He had a vague understanding of his aunt's idea of fun and it was not something to look forward to. He knew he had to obey her, otherwise he'd end up being the subject of her fun activities. As Draco emerged from his bed, he realized that his impatient aunt wasn't going to give him any privacy while he got dressed. She merely backed away and motioned for him to move faster. He cherished his privacy and seeing Bellatrix stand before him as he emerged in his underpants added to the already vast amount of discomfort he felt when she was around. Draco moved to the set of clothes that appeared at the end of his bed. He quickly slipped into his dress pants. As he buttoned his shirt, he started to wonder why these clothes were sent to him and not a mere house robe. The Manor's enchantments were acting strange. Buttoning his shirt like this immediately reminded him of the night on the Astronomy Tower. Draco opened the Vanishing Cabinet to let Death Eaters into Hogwarts three weeks ago and yet it felt like just yesterday to him. He could recall in vivid detail how he dressed that day, feeling like he was preparing for his own funeral, despite being tasked to ensure Dumbledore went to his. His hands shook as much as they did now and he was still struggling with his shirt. It wasn't tucked in and the buttons were in the wrong holes but he didn't care. Neither did Bellatrix it seemed because she was heading out the door. Draco slipped his bare feet into his dress shoes and followed her. "Aunt Bella, where are we going?" he asked as they made their way down the halls and staircases of the dimly lit mansion. "Don't be scared, Dray-key. Just follow me." Draco cringed whenever Bellatrix called him that but he didn't have the courage to confront her about it. Bellatrix led him down to the cellars underneath the Manor, opened the metal gate, and gestured for him to enter. His footsteps weren't the only sounds echoing along the columns of the chamber. He heard the subtle drops of liquid and the dragging of chains along the floor. Draco didn't realize he stopped until Bellatrix poked her wand into his back. He jumped and turned around in shock. His aunt merely smiled as she swaggered past him and walked deeper into the chamber. Bellatrix disappeared around a column while he stayed put. "Crucio!" The incantation of the torture curse echoed along the walls, followed immediately by the screams of pain exerted from a man. Draco instantly felt shivers run up his spine and he sucked in a breath. The shouts and cries would have roused everyone in the house but the Silencing Charms cast over the room prevented it. Draco took several reluctant steps forward until the columns no longer restricted his view from what his aunt was having 'fun' with. Thomas was the name of the man currently kneeling before Bellatrix. Draco knew him because he once played Quiditch against him. He was the Hufflepuff captain when Draco first started as a seeker. Thomas' wrists were held to the ground by chains conjured up by Bellatrix's wand and he was thrashing around as the woman standing above him intensified her assault on his body. Blood coated his face and dirt stained his clothes. His jacket lay forgotten at the foot of a pillar. It was a distinct brown colour and Draco immediately surmised that the unfortunate soul under his aunt's foot was an Auror. "He's a loud one, isn't he?" Bellatrix cackled as she nudged the Auror with her toe. He was on his knees before her, clasping her robes with desperation. "Please, stop! Please! I'll tell you what you want to know!" he shouted as tears poured down his face. Draco reckoned his aunt must have tortured this man for hours before waking him. Bellatrix backed away from Thomas and swiped her hand over her skirt, fearing his dirt-smeared fingers had soiled her robes. "Silencio," Bellatrix uttered as she flicked her wand and his pleas fell silent. She turned to Draco who stood frozen as he looked upon the Auror. "Do you know why you're here, Draco?" she asked. It took a moment for him to respond and he merely shook his head. Bellatrix pouted mockingly, mimicked his response, and approached him. "This doesn't remind you of anything?" Bellatrix whispered as she paced around him. His gaze met the crazed woman's as she stalked him like a predator stalks its prey. "Once upon a time, there lived an ugly, old man by the name of Dumbleedore… " Bellatrix chanted as if she were telling an age-old fairytale. "He was so vile and ugly that the Dark Lord ordered him dead… " When she was behind Draco, she slowly closed the gap between them. "But when the time came, the boy chosen to do it… did not do it. And why is that, Draco?" she asked as she leaned up to his ear. Her breath blew across his neck, which caused him to shiver and swallow audibly. "Because I-" "Hm?" Bellatrix interrupted. Draco's response was a mere whisper and she wanted him to say it loud enough for the whole world to hear. "Because I couldn't do it," he stated shakily and Bellatrix could sense the weakness in his voice. That was why they were here: To purge him of that weakness. "You're wrong, Draco. You wouldn't do it, but you can… now," Bellatrix said with a smile. His eyes widened with dread. "We're back where you started," her voice was a whisper, "And all you have to do… is kill him." She gestured to the prisoner kneeling before them. Thomas had a Silencing Spell cast on him so he could not make a sound but he could still hear their conversation. He trembled with fear at the knowledge that this moment might be his last. "I… I didn't bring my wand," Draco stuttered. "Yes you did," Bellatrix whispered and he recognized the feeling of his hawthorn wand sliding into his hand. She had taken it from his bedside table just before she woke him. "So… What do you say, Draco?" "Th… thank you?" Draco muttered over his shoulder and Bellatrix laughed at his response. "You're adorable! No! The spell, silly! You know it, don't you?" Bellatrix pushed his elbow and guided his arm to aim at the intended target. Almost simultaneously, the breathing of the two males quickened with apprehension and time slowed between the three in the room. "Who is he? What did he do?" Draco asked and Bellatrix shook her head as if the answer was as clear as day. "That doesn't matter." "Yes it does," he quipped back and his aunt just sighed. "He's an Order member and a blood traitor. Kill him!" She gripped his arm firmly toward Thomas, who now had fresh tears rolling down his face. "I… I can't." Draco shook his head as his own tears threatened to escape. Suddenly, he felt stinging pain at the back of his head as Bellatrix yanked him by his hair. "Now, you listen to me, you pathetic little boy! I'll kill you right now if you don't do as I tell you!" Bellatrix prodded her wand into Draco's ribs and shouted the Cruciatus Curse. He cried out as fire and electricity burned through his nerves, and he fell to his knees under her grasp. "Do you remember what I told you?" Bellatrix yelled in his ear. His eardrum rattled in alarm. "You either kill or be killed! Do you understand me?" He whimpered something under his breath and she leaned in to hear it. "It's not the same. He's unarmed." "Get up. Get up!" Bellatrix pulled him back onto his feet and pushed him toward the victim. Draco squeezed his eyes shut, wishing he was somewhere, anywhere, else and this was all just a bad dream, but it wasn't. He knew it because he could feel Bellatrix's tight grip on his hair and her wand poking deep into his jugular. When he finally opened his eyes just a bit, the first thing he saw was the Auror's understanding look. Thomas understood that Draco was not a willing participant in this situation either and that there were some good people on the Dark Lord's side, but they couldn't do anything. Draco was at wand-point and Thomas knew that if Draco refused to kill him, Bellatrix would kill them both. Thomas realized he was destined to die but he still had a chance to save a life. To save Draco's simply by reassuring him through this process. It was a completely selfless sacrifice that would haunt Draco with guilt forever. Draco looked upon the face of the man he was about to kill and under all the blood, dirt, and tears, Thomas had hazel-brown hair, fair skin, and striking blue eyes. The Auror's appearance as he nodded slightly in consent was seared into the back of Draco's mind forever. "Avada Kedavra." That was the moment when Draco Lucius Malfoy became a Death Eater. The Dark Mark he received a year before was the beginning and