Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson A/N: He guys this is nutsofthechest with a new story I think you guys might like. Unlike my other stories the gods are not part of this one. But this time they are Espers, and human race is running them out of the galaxy in attempts to kill them all. But after 5000 years of fleeing from galaxy to galaxy they are finally tired of fleeing. YEAR: 7002 THIRD PERSON POV: Esper: A human being born capable of using telepathy and other paranormal mental abilities. Long ago it was only science fiction that had these people with special abilities in them. Such as flying or being able to transform into animals. Even the ability to have x-ray vision or have immense strength. Everything was possible in science fiction back them but then, but as the year 2050 hit everything changed to those science fiction tales. It all started on an evening like any other just as the night sky covered America, the one place UFO's seem to land most often. But that day went unnoticed by many for they were asleep, the night was the night a meteor shower started up. The meteor shower was viewed by millions everywhere, it was supposed to gone on for one week. This event was called the fall of heaven since it looked like heaven itself was falling, millions of meteors burning up in the atmosphere daily. Little did they know that some meteors did break through the atmosphere, and land in many different places around the world. These small meteors some no larger than a baseball carried a virus on them that went undetected for years slowly spreading across the planet affecting all it came in contact with. But the virus did not kill no instead it improved, the human race then began its first step true evolution. Within 5 years the virus had spread to every human on the world but it stayed doormat for years. Newborns already having it in them the second they were conceived. The virus becoming almost a new none active chromosome in all humans. But then it happened, a solar flare like any other hit earth. Like normal the magnetic pull defected it with ease but with that solar flare giving off so much energy so close to earth the virus activated. The solar flare being the trigger for the virus, as the Great Change began. But the thing was the virus only activated to certain genes that only 1 in 5 million had that is 1400 people. Any others that had the virus were not affected to it awakening, the virus simply died inside their system. Nothing else happened to them, but the people who were activated found out that they possessed these power they were static. But the thing was it was their blood line it was secluded to. No one else outside of it for the past 5 generations were not able to get it. These people self-proclaimed themselves as Primordials, but then the humans found out about these people and their powers. Quickly the government came in and began capturing and killing them all. Slowly their numbers dwindled into the hundreds then the double digest until finally only 13. These 13 were the youngest of their family barely over the age of 16 and well hidden in the depths of the deepest parts of the amazon forest. Their names were: Chaos, Order, Chronos, Erebus, Nyx, Aether, Hemera, Gaia, Uranus, Ourea, Pontus, Tartarus, and Eros. Each given names of the most powerful Greek gods that ever lived but they all shared a power thanks to Chaos. That power was immortality, Chaos himself had two powers. Creation and Golden Blood, Creation was simple power. The ability to create any substance and matter he wanted. But Golden Blood was beyond rare power even by Esper terms, the ability to bestow immortality of age. But each power they knew was like a wager with the power, you pay the power something and it will act in return. The power of immortality giving was heavy on him, the power took away 5 years of his life each time. And giving it to 12 people he had aged into a 76 year old man. But you can guess each other possessed the powers that their names matched. Chronos the control of time, Eros control over the basis of love and all emotions, and so on. But as time went on they grew to worry what would become of their race so what they did was flee earth. The year was 3000 and the managed to catch a space shuttle into the deepest reaches of space. They were the subjects of an expansion on a habitable planet on the other side of the Galaxy. The planets name was Etholla and a little over 1 light year away, as they travel they began their mission. Their mission being was to kill all humans on the ship, all 20,000 of them. All it took was one night for them, with the power of Uranus and his control over air he suffocated them all I their hyper sleep. Gaia a more loving of them all protested against it but the majority vote was in Chaos's favor. As time went on and they disposed of the bodies in their beds they quickly made the massive planet habiting ship their home. For the next 200 years they sat quietly listening to the loneliness of the massive ship. Chaos making his room the captain's quarters as his old body kept him not moving for days at a time. But as the time went on the loneliness got to some of them particularly Gaia and Uranus. In the vast deepness of space a child was born her name, Rhea as Gaia found it funny and suitable for the small child she held in her arms. Thankful for a successful birth Gaia and Uranus treasured her like no other. Then another and another child was born in the deepness of space from the two. This went on for years until they had 12 beautiful children. Themis, Crius, Oceanus, Tethys, Mnemosyne, Iapetus, Clymene, Coeus, Phoebe, Hyperion, Theia, Kronos, and Rhea. The called them this new generation the Titans as to fit with the Greek mythology that they were named after. By then Erebus and Nyx also had many children almost too many to count all possessing an ESP like all the others. But as they landed in the faithful year that Helios, Selene, and Eos were born, Hyperion and Theia being the mother and father. As well as Asteria and Leto were the children born from Coeus and Phoebe that year as well. But during that year the Primordials and their family began to settle on the surface many more children were including. Promethius, Epimetheus, Atlas, Menoetius all children of Iapetus and Clymene. At the same time Nyx and Erebus and all their children seemed to disappear into the darkness of the world. Using their powers to create a world of darkness underground, each child blessed with immortality thanks to their parents having it. Tartarus joining them using his power to create an underground world of his own but at the cost of his body becoming place itself. Over time they began to disassemble the ship making cities for their children as the Primordials seemed to disappear one by one. Each one finding a new purpose in this massive world 3 times the size of earth. Finally even Chaos found a place that he could finally rest his head after so many years. The last one to see him before he fell asleep was Gaia, his last request that she lead the Espers to a new life. She gladly accepted as their world finally began. As the years passed like fluid around them hundreds of thousands of Espers were born. Olympus was the name of the city that it all started from but Gaia no longer held a hand over it. Instead it was passed onto Zeus and his council of brothers and sisters. As well as his children filled the group they called the Olympians. Each as powerful as the next but nowhere near the primordials before them. Gaia gave the control of the city over unwillingly as the Olympians her own grandchildren killed her son Kronos. At the same time the titans were forced to follow the Olympian under Zeus's rule he forced the titans to nearly disappear from the world but still kept some around. Like Calypso the titan who was claimed to be so beautiful that even Apollo would not tempt but court her. Or like Rhea and Leto his daughter's mother. But over the years Espers with powers as weak as only being able to light a candle became known as Duds. But even though their powers were weak they could train to grow stronger and many did to please the Olympians and earn their blessing. Many created cities in their names and eve fought wars in their names. It was like 'history repeating itself once again' Athena once said as she remember old books she read about their old home called Earth. So the rule of the Olympians began as more and more Espers were born but no longer receiving immortality due to their birth line. After the Olympians no more Espers or gods they called themselves got immortality to their blood line with their powers. But as time passed and the year reached 6000 off the human calendar they were attacked. The humans found out what happened and scaled a massive attack on the planet. Many Espers were killed in massive barrages of missiles and lasers that entered the atmosphere from space. But the Olympias foresaw this thanks to the Fates and their rare but very accurate predictions on the future. Even able to tamper with fate itself but only in the slightest of ways. So with the help of 10,000,000 Espers they built a warp gate. With Athena the Espers of absolute knowledge she calculated a new planet they could populate. But it didn't go as planned as when they moved not even 200 years later the humans followed again attacking them. Slowly but surely their numbers began to dwindle to barely even 100,000 as the attacks continued pushing them across the Galaxy. But soon no more ships attacked instead ground troops attacked them hopping to end the Espers once and for all. Human technology reaching new levels just to kill Espers. But by the age of 6996 as one of the last planets that was habitable for Espers was under attack. The Espers number yielding only 10,000 most Espers with no powers or duds were dead because of the attacks but a few remained. But on this faithful day was the day Poseidon an Olympian had a son, one of his few children unlike his siblings. But also on this day was day that the Espers finally seemed to give up hope. DATE: August 18, 6996 THIRDPERSON POV: Poseidon sat quietly in the back of a medical vehicle as he watched the women he loved hold the tiny baby boy in her arms. Tears streaming down her face as he felt what she was feeling. Complete and absolute despair, the baby boy was born at the right time but the wrong time at the same time. As he watched her the van suddenly screeched around a corner as he heard a distant explosion as he looked out the window to see giant columns of smoke as he let out a sigh. "Don't worry Sally the ship will be able to get you two away." He said quietly as her face looked rigid with fear. "What about you?" She asked with tears in her eye as she looked into his deep sea blue ones. "I will stay and help fend off any things that might endanger the ships warp." He said even quieter as