Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson A/N: He guys this is nutsofthechest with a new story I think you guys might like, Percy is still the main dude but different person. He is the son of no one he is the father of none; he is an entity that is a singularity. Existing in one dimension at a time, he has seen more than even Chaos herself. FORGOTTEN'S POV: (aka: Percy) I sat in forest do dense trees grew into each other and multiple trees had grown into massive trees, the mortals had a name for this place but it slipped my mind. I never really remembered anything like names as I stopped trying many years ago; my fire burned a low temperature as the snow fell around me in a light manor. I like the snow the feeling of the ice crystals falling on my skin that wasn't covered by my pure white cloak. The cloak was simple white nothing special about it well other than it wouldn't break, but that was it didn't change colors or anything else. I sat silent listening to the sound of the nature around me. The silence brought me back to the when I first awoke, I was floating in a black space so vast but so empty at the same time. But I sat silently thinking of what I was, but that didn't last for a mere millennia as new beings suddenly appeared in the blackness with me. It was a crying baby girl I just watched as she grew into a fine young woman. She called herself Chaos the creator, I could feel her power radiating off her in mass waves unlike me. I had learned to suppress my power long ago as I watched her create the universe, it was a fine invention but I could tell it wasn't perfect as she intended it to be. But with the creation of the universe I saw different ones split off from the original one. With every decision she made or any organism that made a choice I could see a new dimension split off of it and those split as well. She couldn't see the dimensions she created but I could, I could actually traverse the dimensions. I did this for years until I witness the destruction of my first universe, it was a sight I wished to never see again but again and again it happened. But as the civilizations in the original universe began to expand and increase I returned it, but when I did I found out the original universe had sealed itself with multiple other universes creating roads for normal people could travel. With this it ensured its survival of a universe as I settled in, but that was almost 7.2 trillion years ago as I entered this universe watching over. I merely watch until one day Chaos found me as I watched over one of her children Gaea, she took me to her palace to figure out what I was. Flashback: "Who are you boy?" She asked me as I was strapped down to the chair as I watched her with a emotionless mask I always wore. "I am me and you are you what else do you need to know?" I asked her in my voice that seemed to surprise her a little; it was that of middle adults as I forever remained the body age of a 21 year old. "I mean you name you imbecilic." She said as I just continued to look at her as I moved a little. "I have no name as I have not given myself one, but if you what to call me a name please by all mean chose one. I won't remember it anyways." I said as I mumbled the last part as she seemed to get a little mad. "What do you mean you have no name, you must have a name your parents gave you?" She said as I still looked at her with my emotionless mask. "I don't have parents that I know off Chaos, but I will tell you one thing the day you came into the universe I saw it how did you chose your name?" I asked her as she took a step back. "That's not possible I was the first being of the universe how do you even know my name I haven't even told you it?" She asked in a harsher voice as she let out a little wave of power, it had no effect on me. "The same way I know that this universe is your twelfth design you had for it, the same way I know that when you came into existence you were wrapped in black blanket. I know that you turned that blanket with magic into the very dress you were now." I finished as she almost fainted. "How do you know that?" She said in a nervous voice as she had to sit down from the information I revealed. "Because like I said I came into existence before you, I watched you grow and make the universe all those years ago. So please let me go, but I must tell you something please don't capture me again I like staying on Gaea's surface gives me a feeling of belonging I don't want to be taken from that again." I said as I simply stood up as my restraints just disappeared. "Wait what should I call you then, you must have something you go by?" She said standing up as I began to warp out. "I go by the Forgotten." I said as space warped and sucked me back to Gaea's surface. Flashback End: It has been many years since then as I watched the earth grow, I just simply watched from a distance not helping at all as I watched the world grow. I remembered the day the first titan was born then their brothers and sisters, I watched as the gods were born and overthrew the titans. I watched man and women develop the world into a master piece of their minds, but I still remind watching from a distance. Occasionally spread an idea around to help them just a little here and there. But I never did more than what was need in times of need, but I still remind vigilant on this earth. But after so many years apparently the gods caught a sniff of my power and requested I meet them, that was the day I didn't do as I was asked as I simply watch Zeus get infuriated that I didn't listen to him. But that brings us to today in the year 2000 ad in human years as I sit on my log watching my fire. I had befriended a small rabbit as I fed it some carrot I summoned; I smiled as he nibbled on the carrot thankfully. 'So I guess you have a family to feed huh.' I mentally talked to the rabbit. 'Yes sir I do seven mouths to feed.' He said back as I just smiled as I petted him. 'Here take these carrots to your family it should be enough for a while I guess.' I summoned ten carrots as his ears went straight up. 'Thank you sir you have no idea what it means to me.' He grabbed a carrot and began hopping away to were the den lay, I just watched as he got all of them. He said his thanks and left leaving me again alone in my little area of trees. "I wonder if there is anybody else around here?" I said in a whisper as a silver arrow passed my head straight into a tree I was sitting by. "I guess that answers my question." I said again as I heard the trees rustle as another five arrows shot towards me. I simply just leaned back as the arrows sailed over my body into the tree, I hear a couple of curses as I extended my senses around us to find thirty demigods, one demi titan, and a Olympian god. "Please come out I can sense all of you!" I shouted as the rustling stopped as thirty two women decked out in silver jackets and black pants came out of their hiding places. "Geeze I thought you killed him already?" One said as one cursed at her to shut up, then they started to get in an argument as I watched them fight. It stopped as soon as what seemed to be a twelve year old girl, she raised her hand as they stopped fighting with each other. "Please you two you will make a mockery of yourself, I can sense he is no normal human. You what is your name." She said with power as I realized she was the goddess of the hunt. "My name is not of importance to you Phoebe Artemis." I said as she suddenly drew an arrow and fired it at me, I caught the arrow as she seemed amazed did. "How do you know my full name not even the other Olympian gods know it!" She yelled at me as I tossed back the arrow to her feet. "I know much about you and your hunters so don't be amazed when your true name comes up, but since you asked for my name it is Forgotten." I finished as she looked furious at me, the hunters looked like they wanted to murder me along with her. "Forgotten what kind of name is that?" She said out loud as I looked up at her. "I named myself that long ago before you were born along with all of your hunters, I am what you could call a watcher of this world." I said as she looked at me like she was going to stab me. "That can't be Artemis is older than you will ever be!" One girl spat at me as I raised eyebrow under my hood. "Silence Kelsey S. Halling daughter of Apollo, found in Oregon underneath a burning building. Two huntresses sacrificed their live to save you that day, so I do not wish to hear another word out of your foul mouth." I spat at her as she suddenly collapsed on her knees as the shock that I knew that hit her. "How did you know that only Artemis knew that?" She said in tears as the memory pooled her mind, other hunters rushed to her side as Artemis still looked at me like I was nothing. "Boy, come with me we are going to Olympus." She said drawing a arrow as I sighed at her antics. "Artemis please don't make me have you regret this please don't." I said as she fired the arrow into my hood as I pulled it back, as my face revealed itself Artemis and the other gasped. I had pure white hair and fair skin that was a little on the white side, my face was exceedingly handsome even goddesses fell for my looks. My eyes were deep sea green but had a hint of white in them; even my eyebrows were white as they looked at me. "What it's like you have seen a ghost." I said as they continued to look at me, I stood up as I toward over all of them at my impressive sixe five. "Oh I see I must still have on my power of what my face looks like, or as I call it mask of fear." My face didn't look like what it really looked like at all to them, instead they saw my face as someone they truly feared from the depths of their hearts. I took a step forward as a majority of the girls crumpled to the ground; some held their head screaming that I shouldn't be alive. Others fainted as they peed themselves, but Artemis was shaking in fear as I stepped closer to her. She fumbled for