Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson A/N: Hey guys this is nutsofthechest here with just an idea for a later story okay. This is just a quick chapter so that I have it on the board okay. Don't worry I will finish my other stories and you don't have to worry okay, this is just so I have the idea out of my head and I don't have to worry about losing it and forgetting about it. How did humans originate? This question has no simple answer, some say evolution from a single gene that created all humans and other animals. Some say that it was god that created us on this wondrous planet to live out our lives. Some even believe that aliens put us here millions of years ago for a simple experiment that they forgot about. Or even that this world around us is one elaborate dream that we are living right now and everything around us is a world we created with our own consciousness. But too few who actually know of the true origin of humans, these few are the gods of Olympus and the titans who were defeated by their children. Their creator was Prometheus the titan god of forethought, but with his creation he became the creator of humans. Prometheus was given the task of creating man by the gods, so from the mud he would shape man. With the help of Athena she would breathe life into his creation. Many gods argue it is Athena who created man but giving them life, but many agree that it was Prometheus who was in fact that the one that created the body of man thus making man. This argument is long since been extinguished over year after it happened though. But in the process of man Prometheus assigned Epimetheus the task of giving the creatures of earth their various qualities, such as swiftness, cunning, strength, fur, and wings. Unfortunately when he was done no qualities were left of man so he decided to make man stand upright as the gods did and give them fire. In true Prometheus love his creation more than the Olympians. He cared for them so much he tricked the great Zeus when he demanded the humans give offerings to the gods. He did so by wrapping bones in juicy fat and putting meat under a hide and had the ruler of Olympus choose which one the humans would sacrifice to them. Since he had given his word Zeus had to accept that as his share for future sacrifices. But this made Zeus furious and in his fury he took fire away from man leaving them to the darkness. Prometheus being the caring creator for his creations he went to the sun and lit a new torch and brought it back to the humans to have. Zeus was infuriated at Prometheus already for a few things but by this act he punished Prometheus by forcing him to have his liver eaten by a large eagle every day for the rest of eternity. But that is not the part of the story we are focusing on, no we are focusing on Prometheus's first time creating humans. Unlike many believe the humans were not what you would think, no these humans were powerful and strong. Standing over 10 feet tall and having two sets of all limbs and body parts. Two beings in the same body forever to be one being was his intention. But each creation is not without its faults that lead to the true product, which is where we will begin out story. NOW: TIME: 5000 B.C. THIRD PERSON POV: "Beautiful isn't it?" Said Prometheus as he looked over his clay mold of a two headed, four armed, and four legged 10 foot creation. "I wouldn't say beautiful but it is indeed impressive." Athena said as she observed his work, she was given the task by Zeus to make sure the titan wasn't trying anything that would threaten his reign. "Bah you gods and your definition of beautiful, you have to look past the exterior and into what really created it. It may not be as beautiful as Aphrodite or any goddess but that isn't what I was referring to." He said as his plain grey eyes starred into her stormy grey ones. "I can see what you mean, though why does it have to be so big?" She asked as she sketched down the creation. "I thought I might make man tall like the gods." He said as he worked on one of the arms still as she stopped for a moment. "Father will not like that." She commented as Prometheus mane a lonely smile. "I know but it is my creation I can do what I want as did Chaos when she created the universe, this is my time to play creator so let me have my moment." He said as he finished on the large arm as she sighed. "He is not going to like this." She said as she close her note book and started to walk around the room she had never laid eyes on before. She had to admit it looked like a hospital/garden with the tables and giant piles of soil. But as she did she noticed another table with a blanket covering it. She just walked forward and starred at the large table before Prometheus spoke up. "Wait don't uncover that-." But he was cut off by the ever curious Athena flinging off the blanket as she laid eyes on a very interesting sight. There lay two bodies, each made of the finest clay she had ever laid her eyes on. Their features were perfect unlike the large one, but the thing was instead of a two headed body each of them had one head and only one set of legs and arms. All she could do was be amazed at the perfection of the clay figures. "Please these are failures." Prometheus said rushing over and trying to cover them up but Athena stopped him. "Why are their failures?" She asked him as she looked over the clay figures, one was obviously a female standing at maybe 5 foot 11 and the other a male standing at 6 foot 5. "They were just something I put together in my spare time, but look at them they are imperfect." He said as he looked over the two clay figures. "I see nothing wrong with them, in fact like the detail you put into these. It is like looking at a real god or goddess." She said running her hand over the female clay hair as she observed the two figures. "It is what you can't see that is wrong, I made the fatal mistake of using my magic to try and combine these two bodies. I meant to morph them into a larger body such as my other one over there but instead I made the mistake much greater than not morphing them. I accidently fused their strings of fate making them a whole being but in two different bodies. Basically it's like the big one over there, they have one life string but instead of one body they have two." He said as she looked surprised. "I can see how that is a problem, but I have never heard of such a thing before." She said as he sighed. "It was old titan magic meant for weddings and such ceremonies. I thought it might work on morphing them together but instead it just fused their strings of fate. I am afraid for them to come to life because of that reason. I know they will be two different beings but I am afraid what will happen if one of them perishes." He said as this intrigued the wisdom goddess. "What happens if one dies?" She asked as he shrugged. "From rumors I have heard that the two will die at the same time as their life sting is cut. But I have also heard that one can live if the other dies if they wish to stay in this world. It is not very explored on what can happen but I do know it is dangerous." He said as she smiled. "Well how about we test it now, let's give life to these two and wait until one dies and see what happens. I will breathe life into them and give them minimal knowledge on how to live in the world bellow. After words I will transport them to the surface and give them a place to live for their time being. I will not tell father about these two I promise on my name, I simply want to know what this magic effects have." She said holding out her hand as he looked skeptically at her. "Fine I agree with you as long as I get to name them." He said shaking her hand as she looked surprised. "You want to name them?" She asked as if it were a slight joke. "Of course I will what kind of creator would I be if I didn't name my creations?" He asked as she slowly nodded. "So what have you decided to name them?" She asked him as he looked at the two beautiful clay creations. "How about as a species we call them human beings." He said as she looked impressed at the same. "It is simple but I like it, but what about their own names?" She asked as he seemed to think harder. "How about Perseus and Irene." He said as Athena laughed lightly. "You know those names translate to destruction and peace right?" She asked as he nodded. "They will balance each other out." He said as she simply nodded. "Fair enough, so why don't you go present your other creation to Zeus while I take care of these two humans." She said as he smiled and nodded. "It would be a pleasure granddaughter." He said as she grew a slightly angry face. "Whatever." She said as he disappeared in a flash with his much larger creation. All she could do was looked down at his much smaller ones, still she wondered why Prometheus would call these two a failure. She had a feeling it was something more than just simply just their string of fate fusing was what he meant but they were flaws. Something that would be his first and last mistake Prometheus ever made of this kind. "I will have to ask him later." She said as she flashed out with the two smaller creations. LINEBREAK: In a large forest by where the city of Athens would soon grow to be there was a flash. From the flash appeared Athena the goddess of wisdom. For some reason she always loved this area, for one it was strategically perfect in its own way. But aside for that it was just a simply beautiful forest that seemed to calm the goddess's mind. But as the flash darkened revealing the darkness of the night only lit by Selene as she dragged her chariot across the sky. "This will do." She said as she walked forward as the clay bodies floated in silence behind her. But as she walked in the clearing that was in front of her she couldn't help but admire how perfect a little place this would be. The clearing was about a 100 meters squared that was completely free of trees. But running through the middle of the clearing was a semi large stream that was large enough that Athena saw fish swimming through it. "This is perfect." She said as she moved towards the center of the clearing as she set the two down as she smiled. "Now to give you life." She said as she bent down and slowly exhaled into her hands as a small grey light appeared trapped in her hands. Slowly she extended this light and pushed into