Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson A/N: Hey guys just so you know this is just a rewrite of a story called The Undying Mortal. It is just so I can make it less messy and easier to understand for all. But the main part is I think…no I know I can write a better story version of this one. I don't know when the next chapter will be out but for the time being this is all I got. THIRD PERSON POV: Mortality…a simple but very confusing word that many might think is a simple thing. But they wouldn't be wrong if they did think it was a simple concept. Mortality is the state of being subjugated by death, or in simple terms you can die. Mankind does its best to put this word in the back of their mind for all people who are subjugated to mortality fear it. But who does not fear death? Humans and any animals are all the same in this aspect, death is the last thing on their mind most of the time. But when a time comes and their lives are threatened that is the only thing on their mind and how to prevent it. But even to this day humans fear death more than anything, to even go as far as cause deaths of others to protect themselves from death. Death to humans is the last stop and they want to prolong that stop for as long as they can. Even with all of our knowledge of the human body after death it is a mystery unknown to men and women across every galaxy and every universe. The concept of death is like that of a closed door. We don't know what is on the other side only until we open it and find out, the only problem is that once you open the door and pass through the door you cannot go back. However there are some who look at this door and laugh since they will never have to open it themselves. These people are called immortals, people who have ever lasting life and do not fear what cannot reach them. This door is a joke to many of them a concept they never have to worry about since they cannot die. However some immortals know that even with death no longer available to them there is an even worse fate…fading. This is what one might call a true death, no afterlife no rebirth, a death in which no one pure immortal can escape. But thankfully to fade it takes considerable variables to do so to an immortal, even getting tossed into a volcano cannot cause one to fade. But simply reform since their body was destroyed but their soul remains alive. But to make one Fade is to destroy the very soul of an immortal for an immortal can live without a body. A body to a true immortal is nothing but a device to allow them to interact with the human world. But there is still a few immortal that are cursed to fear death even if their age is not a problem, these few and rare immortals are called half immortals. They are simply a human gifted with the everlasting life of a true immortal. But a human cannot become a true immortal for the true immortals would never allow a simple mortal into their personal realm but only a taste of it. You could almost say it is like the crumbs of a fine meal that slipped away and fell on the ground. But these half immortals are very limited too few in this world such as the hunters of Artemis. A group of 13 year old girls that travel across America with the goddess of the hunt. She is one of the few gods left that Zeus allows to turn humans into half immortals. Still even then she takes precautions in turning humans immortal. You must be wondering though, you seem to make it as if the gods themselves are not immortals. Well you would be wrong they are simply the third and last category of what an immortal can be classified as. From the bottom up you half immortals, true immortals, and finally godly immortals. Beings that possess the power to bestow the power of immortality and even then some to the beings of this universe. They unlike the true immortals are nearly 100 times more powerful. They are the beings that hold the world in their hands and decide its path and how the humans advance. They are the beings that change the world for the better or worse, they are the cause of wars, they are the cause of peace, they are the gods of Olympus. But even with a rule over everything in this world there are few things even they cannot control. Beings that were born far before them and lived centuries in hiding far from civilization. But these beings are long asleep, they live in their dreamless worlds of darkness away from the world around them. One reason is because a dreamless sleep is the closest thing they can come to death since even they fear the permanent death of fading. Second is because if they wake their very presence will affect the world they stand on. Skies would turn black, seas and oceans would turn to poison, light itself would vaporize the surface of the planet, and nightmares would become realties. For this reason they sleep or take refugee deep under the planets crust away from everything. But some still are awake but simply partake in the duties that their domains demand them to. You all must be wondering what I am getting at. Well let's make a recap with a few simple words put into sentences, humans are prone to die, gods and immortals a prone to live forever, half immortals can live forever but can die by a sword, the Olympians control who live and dies, beings so powerful they could destroy the world live deep in the crust and most sleep to this day. But how does this all fit together? Well that is where I come in, my name is Perseus Jackson an enigma to these rule that have been set by Chaos herself. I am the definition of a rule breaker to say the least and I cannot say I am one to deny such a fine title. But back to the main point at hand, where do I fall in place in all of this information? Well I am glad you asked because in tail I will explain how I fall into the place that can only be called Perseus Jackson. But let us begin our journey at the beginning of the end in the year 3000. In the one place that I can be me without worrying about some certain deities bothering me. Unfortunately those certain deities' didn't quiet get the memo. LINEBREAK: LOCATION:? ARTEMIS POV: "Milady I have the repot you wanted." I heard as I looked up from a map that laid flat on a table in my tent. As I looked up I saw my hunters leader, her name was Zoe Nightshade. But currently you could almost not tell it was her as she was in one very large and poufy white coat. To be precise it was a polar bear skin parka, currently the ones we purchased to make the trip were not sufficient for the weather we were in. She just pulled down the hood as it revealed the newer winter coat underneath it along with a pair of goggles. But from her nose which was slightly frostbitten I could tell even with all the extra clothes it still didn't protect her nose. She didn't keep the goggles on long though as she reached up and pulled them off along with her second hood which was silver. As she did it revealed deep charcoal black irises and a face of a Persian princess. "Thank you Zoe." I said as I took the frost covered file from her, and set it by a couple others I have as Zoe just stared down at the map. It took me a minute to notice that she hadn't left as I looked back up at her with an eyebrow raised. "Is there anything else that I can help you with Zoe?" I asked as she shuffled in her spot for a second as she cleared her throat. "With all due respect Milady…some of the girls are beginning to wonder if what we are going here is worth the effort." She said quickly and quietly as she looked down as I sighed. "Well I wouldn't want to spend my summer in the coldest place in the world but it must be done, why do you think I allowed you all to age to 18?" I asked her as she couldn't find an answer, indeed it was rare for Artemis to age her hunt to fit certain situations. Being in Antarctica was one of those situations. "Also why are you looking at a map of Antarctica without all the ice?" Asked Zoe as she looked at the map in front of me. Indeed it was this continent without its icy layer above it, special order from Athena I might add. "Because the person we are looking for isn't dumb enough to hide on the top of the ice." I said as Zoe raised an eyebrow. "What type of person has the resources to drill a hole to the land of Antarctica?" She asked me as I smiled as an old thought crossed my mind. "The very person we are looking for." I said as suddenly my door was thrown open by a hunter gasping for air as the icy wind blew inside. I just grew worried face as the hunter was helped off the ground by Zoe as I walked over and closed the door as the icy air was cut off. "Atlanta what is wrong?" Asked Zoe as she sat the young women in a chair as she pulled off her two hoods and goggle as Atlanta looked at me with panicked eyes. "B-b-b-b-b-b…." But she couldn't get it out as I motioned for Zoe to move as I kneeled down in front of her shivering body. "Atlanta listen to me." I said as she nodded quickly as she looked into my eyes. "I need you to take deep breaths, in and out in and out." I said as did the movements myself as Atlanta did them as well. But as I watched my extremely scarred hunter calm down I shot a glance at Zoe as she nodded. Quickly she put on her goggles and pulled back on her two hoods and rushed out the door. As the door shut I turned my attention back to Atlanta as she seemed to have calmed down. "Now I need you to tell me what you saw." I said as I knew she was just on border patrol. "R-Really big-." "PENGUIN!" Yelled a voice outside as I raised an eyebrow as Atlanta nodded her head vigorously. But then I noticed she wasn't scarred she was freaking out in enjoyment, then I forgot that Atlanta was what you would call penguin fanatic. Or anything with feathers and looked cute Atlanta was all about it, she had only seen pictures of the flightless birds and right now I bet she was in heaven. "You have got to be kidding me." I said as I hung my head down as Atlanta began to giggle. "Milady you have to see him he is so cute!" She said grabbing my arm as she pulled me to the door as I didn't try and fight back. Luckily for her and my own persona; secret I found penguins very cute and cuddly. "Fine, I guess I need a break anyways." I lied to myself as Atlanta just smiled as