Hey guys this is just a short one shot that I had in my head and wanted to get out. It is simply a no superpower Percy that goes to school and his teachers need to find a way to 'motivate' him. This is going to have smut in it so watch out. TIME: 2015 THIRD PERSON POV: "What do you mean we are getting a transfer student from Olympia high school?" Asked a curious math teacher named Athena. "I think it's pretty self-explanatory Athena, I don't see how you don't get it." Said a slightly snarky basic environmental skills teacher that went by the name of Artemis. "Not my point sister what I mean is why in the hell is someone from fathers prize collection of students coming here? As far as I know children that go to that school are well beyond what normal high schools can give them." Athena asked as Chiron their current principle and boss as he could only sigh. "From the report I received there was no real reason why they were sending him here. All your father told me was that he lacked motivation, for some reason he thought sending him here might inspire him." He said in a tired tone as his hand rubbed his paralyzed legs to try and get some blood flowing since they were a tad cold. "What section is the person from?" Asked the ever so curious French teacher Aphrodite as she sucked on a sucker more seductively than a teacher should be. "He is from section A." He said as suddenly the sucker was launched across the room followed by a fit of coughs as Aphrodite was patted on the back by her boyfriend and PE teacher Ares. "W-What? I thought those people were like Einstein times like a thousand." She sputtered out as Hermes the Communications teacher ripped a still wet sucker out of his hair. "While they are indeed smart I think you're over exaggerating Aphrodite." Said the farming teacher Demeter. "So who is this student?" Asked Hera the life science teacher. "He goes by the name of Percy but his full name is Perseus Romulus Jackson he is also Poseidon's only son." Chiron said as everyone stopped talking. "Poseidon had a son?" Asked Athena as he nodded. "Yes he does apparently Poseidon didn't know until a few years ago when he met up with one of his old college hook ups that goes by the name of Sally Jackson. Apparently after he found out he was not happy with himself and offered to give Perseus the best education possible. After he got admitted his smart genes sort of 'kicked in' and he rose through the sections like a rocket and now he stands at the top of his class and one of the smartest student Olympus high has ever seen. But as of lately he as seemingly lost motivation for his classes." He finished. "So what do you want us to do about it?" Asked Hera as she rubbed her forehead as the information processed. "Well to put it simply try and find something to get him motivated to participate in his studies like he used to." He said. "What if we can't?" Asked Aphrodite. "He is an 18 year old male I am sure you can find something to motivate him." Chiron said as some of the females stiffened. "Are you suggesting something?" Asked Hestia the Home EC teacher. "No I am not suggesting 'that' I assure you I do not wish to have another case that involves a student and teacher relationship. One was enough with Luke Castellan and Annabeth Chase." Chiron said as Artemis pocked at Athena's side as the math teacher looked like she was about to strangle her younger sister. "Fine but what about clubs? They are all full and our school requires each student participate in at least one club." Said Demeter. "Actually there is one club with enough room." Chiron said as his eyes landed on Artemis as she froze as Athena poked fun at her now. "My club is an all-girls club." She stated quickly however Chiron had a certain look on his face. "Yes as of last year it was before we implemented the co-ed clubs policy I am sorry Artemis but he must join the Archery club it is the only one with an open spot." He said as she cursed under her breath. It was quiet well known that Artemis was not a fan of males and neither were the girls in her club. "Artemis." Chiron said firmly as she cursed under her breath and faced him. "Find he can join." She said as he smiled and nodded. "Good because I already sighed him up and everything." He states simply as Artemis just sighed deeply and rubbed her eyes. "You know Chiron if you keep making my sister go through mental pains like this then she is going to beat you up one day." Said Aphrodite spoke about her sister Artemis. You see Zeus likes to sleep around a lot and currently Aphrodite, Artemis, and Athena were all siblings by father by not by mother. "I guess you are right. Now that is covered here is his schedule and I hope you all try and motivate him." He said passing out a piece of papers as everyone looked at it. "Well I believe that will be all and I hope you all have a good rest of the day, now go back to your classes before your students go haywire." Finished Chiron as they all nodded. "Wait is he coming today?" Asked Athena as Chiron nodded. "Yes he is, as a matter of fact he is in your classroom right now." Chiron said as Athena sighed. "Got it." She said as everyone disperse back to their classes leaving Athena to wondering how her class was holding up with the mystery person in it. PERCY POV: I sat quietly in my new class as I leaned back on my chair and crossed my legs on my desk as I used it to prop them up. My arms were crossed across my chest and I currently had a math book acting as a sun blocker. Due to my temporary seat I was by a window as it let in the dreaded light to hit my face so I decided to use the book for something better than it had been designed for. However as I heard the students around me chat away during their free study and I enjoyed my light nap until I heard the room quiet down as a door opened. However no one spoke as I heard the clicking of heals on the floor until they stopped by my current location. I however didn't move as I couldn't help but let a sigh escape my lips. "Mr. Jackson I would appreciate if you didn't use the math books as sun visors." Said a female's voice. "But I am not using it as a sun visor." I said as she let out a sigh. "Then please explain to me what you are using it for?" She asked as I heard her tapping her foot as I unlocked my arms and legs and sat properly as I removed the book. I however was not prepared for the sight in front of me as I starred at the women. She stood maybe 6 foot 2 with her heals as her blonde locks of silk like hair flowed down her shoulders. Black rimmed glasses adoring her face while almost framing her…should I say beautiful stormy grey eyes. Her figure that of a model but very well hidden under her current pantsuit, but currently her face was the eye catcher as it reminded me of a secretary. However her current facial feature was one of curiosity. "Mr. Jackson your explanation?" She asked me in a slightly irritated tone as I gulped as she starred down at me. "S-Sorry I didn't realize that my teacher was Athena Olympia of the three heirs of Zeus Olympia." I said with a smiled as her eye twitched as everyone looked like they were already planning to bury me. "Well if you are without an explanation I am going to request you do the problem on the board for the rest of the class." She said turning her back to me as her long hair flew like a curtain around her shoulders. "Fine." I grumbled as I looked at the simple problem. "No that one is too easy for you, do this one." She said erasing the question and writing a completely different equation that took up a good portion of the board. "Okay but what is in it for me?" I asked as she raised an eyebrow. "You get to stay in my class and not get detention." She said as I rolled my eyes. "You teachers are never any fun." I said as I walked to the board and began solving the equation as Athena watched in amusement. However I knew this equation was not a normal equation but a theory of physics that remained unsolved. But 5 minutes later I tossed the now gaping Athena the capped marker as she starred at me I shock. "B-But the worlds experts couldn't even solve that one." She said in astonishment as I yawned and sat back down in my seat. "Oh the reason is that if I do this I feel like the information simply flows into my head." I said as I propped myself up again and crossed my hands across my chest. With that I finally placed the book upon my head and closed my eyes. "2 hours detention." I heard from an angry Athena as I heard her stomp towards me. "Fine let's make it 3 she said as I threw my arms up in the air in exasperation as the book slid off my face as I met a flushed and angry Athena. "God what could make this any worse?" I asked as suddenly my legs to my chair gave out and collapsed as I hit the floor hard as I just sighed to myself as everyone started laughing. Even Athena who had a very lovely laugh. LINEBREAK: LUNCH "How do you get 6 hours of detention on your first day?" Asked my father who was on the phone with me. "Well 3 of them came from a crazy math teacher lady." I said as I stuffed a meatball from my spaghetti in my mouth. "Oh you must mean Athena, yeah I kind of forgot to mention don't try ad embarrass her or she will get you back." He said as I sighed and nodded. "So how did you get the other three?" He asked me in a curious voice. "I had class with Aunt Hera and apparently saying you're a dumb ass to another student who doesn't understand some simple information is considered wrong here." I said with as I could hear dad sighing through the phone. "Percy…I realize that sometimes normal people are harder to relate to but you need to understand that not everybody has the same intelligence you do." He said in a tired voice. "Fine…so how is mom doing?" I asked him. "Fine so far she joined one of those housewife reading groups, apparently they freaked out when she told them she was the author of one of the world's most popular books." He said with a laugh as I joined him. "Well-." But suddenly the phone was ripped out of my hand as I looked up to see two women staring at me. One of which had auburn her hair and silver like eyes in a pant suit but if looks could kill I would be a smoldering pit of fire right now. However the one who currently took my phone had black hair and ever changing eyes with a skirt suit on and currently the body of a model as