This is a story that me and Vampireacoholic decided to come up with this story hope you enjoy Please read and Review Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, Stephanie Meyers do. -Line Break- "Jake!" Billy screamed after him. Jacob ran across their front lawn ignoring him as he disappeared into the woods. He didn't know what to do with these emotions inside of him and he just wanted to burst. He was angry to the point of disgust. He couldn't believe that this was happening. Under all their anger there was heartbreak. He didn't think a heart could break and right now it felt just like that, like it was ripping him in half. He clutched at his chest in an attempt to try and still the pain, but there was no use. He knew there was nothing he could do about it, but he had to try. That's why he was making his way to the only person he could get through. The only person who could fix everything, the person he hated the most. "What do you want?" Edward asked, not really comfortable with Jacob appearing before him. "I love her." Jacob stated. "She loves me. You can't deny it even if she does." "It doesn't matter what you say..." "I'm better for her." Jacob said. "Don't you think I know that?!" Edward huffed frustrated. "You can give her all the things I can't. You can give her a human life, a family. She wouldn't have to fake her death, wouldn't have to give up having children and more importantly her mortality, her soul." "Then leave again, but this time don't come back. Don't go and get yourself killed either. Let her have the life you want her to have, give her to me." Jacob pleaded, almost begged. "That's the thing and you, being her best friend, should know that Bella can't be forced to do anything. She's made her choice. She chose me." "Then there is no use talking to her." Jacob growled and tossed an envelope at him. "Take that as a decline to your invitation." "Why can't you be a man about this? Why can't you be happy for her? I would be happy for you if she had gone to you. Her happiness is my happiness." "Oh, so you think you're better than me?!" Jacob roared feeling the sensation to burst through his skin. He huffed in a failed attempt to control his anger. Edward stepped back knowing what was about to happen. Jacob visibly shook and lost control. There was no going back; Jacob was ready for a kill. In front of Edward he shifted into his wolf form. He was snapping at him not seeing him as a person, but for what he was his enemy. The crouching form before him was nothing, but garbage. He was ready to sink his teeth into his hard, white, skin. He was salivating at the idea as he growled with hunger. He was ready to make the first move, declare battle. Edward's voice brought him back to his senses. "Look at me, Jacob." Edward ordered. "You don't want to do this, think about..." Jacob wasn't paying attention at all. He focused his burning eyes to Edward's and he was lost in them immediately. It was like he was seeing him for the first time. Those golden brown eyes were piercing through Jacob. He found himself thinking how beautiful they were and how beautiful Edward was. He was both disgusted and confused by his thoughts. He wondered why he had never noticed Edward's strong presence before. It was as if he could feel him in a whole different type of way. It was like Edward was the missing puzzle next to him. He felt this new emptiness inside of him that began to fill with just thoughts of Edward. He felt whole. Jacob whined at the fear in Edward's eyes. His legs buckled at the weight of his new emotions and realizations. He hung his head in shame. Edward was talking still, but all he could focus on was in the fact that he was about to kill someone who meant so much to him. He cared about him, there was something in his heart beating that never had before. Not even for Bella. He spun on his heels and ran away before Edward could register what had happened. Even Jacob wasn't really sure. 'Did I just imprint?!' Jacob thought horrified. He is too rattled by his thoughts. He finds his secret stash of clothes and phases back. His heart is beating and he can feel the tug. A tug that is telling him that he is going too far from his imprint. He doesn't want to think about it, he shoves the thoughts further into his mind. All he knows is that he wants to get away, away from Edward and Forks. He wants to leave and never come back. That's all he can think about as he finds himself wondering a park alone. He takes an empty bench available. He looks around and he knows he has chosen the wrong day to come here. Couples, couples everywhere. His eyes follow every single one of them as they hold hands, laugh, kiss and whisper into each other's ears lovingly. Love, love in the f*** air. He even spots two men together and he can't help, but see himself and Edward. He wants to laugh and so he does. It's a loud and obnoxious laugh and he doesn't care if people are staring. He's feeling sorry enough for himself, there was no way Edward and him could be like that couple. It was impossible and therefore, his imprint was impossible. There was a sharp pain in his chest and he winced at it. He felt physically ill and he placed his hand over his chest to make sure he could still feel his heart. It had felt as it had stopped for just a second. "Are you okay?" He looks up at the soft voice and is in awe of the beautiful girl before him. She's cocking her head to the side, her long blonde hair falling to one side. It was passed her shoulders and straight. He could see down her shirt at the angle that she was bending over. It was sort of cute and maybe Jacob would have blushed, but not anymore. He looked at her almost bewildered. He stared deeply into her eyes wishing that he could feel anything for her. Girls had always been his weakness, making him a blubbering mess when they could. "Fine." Jacob sighed, giving up as he looked away. "You don't sound fine." She said and sat next to him. "Didn't anyone tell you not to talk to strangers?" He asked annoyed. "What do you want?" "Don't be rude." She pouted. "You're the one that looks like you could talk to someone." "You want to help me?" "Yeah, it's what I do. My mom says that I have a big hea…" "Can I kiss you?" Jacob asked interjecting. Frankly, he could careless about this girl especially the more she talked. Maybe a few moments ago he would have given anything for something like this to happen, but now that wasn't the case. He didn't want her.. He wanted… "Um, what?" She laughed as she blushed deeply. "You're nuts." "You're the one that offered to help. I'm giving you a solutions." "I'm not going to kiss you. Why?" "What does it matter if you're not going to let me?" Jacob shrugged. "Maybe if you give me a good reason…" "I think I'm gay." Jacob blurted out. Saying that was easier than explaining he had imprinted and a lot easier than explaining vampires and werewolves. It was better to just say it that way, but it still didn't stop him from cringing at the word. He wasn't really even sure, but if his imprint was male than that's what he was and he wasn't really against it. It was just so sudden like, what the f***? "Oh." She said and looked around before scooting closer to him. "I mean, I guess. If you're f*** with me… I'm gonna be really pissed. Like, I won't ever be nice to anyone again. Don't let me lose faith in people." "You shouldn't trust people so blindly and especially if you don't know them." He said offering her advice. "But no, I'm not fucking with you." "Alright, go." She said. She closed her eyes and leaned forward. She didn't even pout her thin lips. Jacob wondered if Edward's lips were like hers. He had never really looked at him and now he was wondering all these little details. He tried to push thoughts of Edward aside as he took a hold of her chin. He tilted her face up and he leaned down. Their lips met and for a couple of seconds he wasn't sure what to do. It wasn't until she started moving her lips that he followed. It was slow and boring. He did it like in the movies and stuck his tongue in, but it was still not going anywhere. There was no passion, no feeling and no want. They pulled apart and she stared at her apologetically. She knew what he knew. "I have to go." Jacob said and stood up. "Oh, wait… Here…" She said pulling out her phone. "What's your number? We should talk…" "Thank you for helping me." He said cutting her off. He didn't look back as he walked away. He knew what he had to do and he had to do it now before it was harder to do later. He hadn't realized how far he had walked until it got dark and he still wasn't home. He would have phased and ran home, but he needed the time to think. He needed to know what he was going to say exactly. "Jake!" Sam said surprised seeing Jacob at his front door. "We were about to do a search party." Jacob walked into the living room to see it packed with his brothers and sisters. Everyone began to ask him questions all at once, but he silenced them quickly. "I have something I have to tell you." Jacob said. "Start by where you were." Sam scolded. "Billy was so worried. He said you ran off after receiving the invitation. We called Bella and the Cullens. Edward had said you confronted him. You guys had an argument and you ran off. We were so worried that you were… You know pulling an Edward…" "Kill yourself." Leah clarified. "I would never." Jacob said shaking his head. "We know how much you cared, loved, Bella. You gotta move on man, she's getting married." Paul said. "She's becoming one of them." Jared added. "It's okay, Jake. There's going to be someone else." Seth said reassuringly. "That's what I'm here for…" "See that wasn't too long. Is that where you were?" Sam asked. "I imprinted." He stated. "Really?" Quil asked happy. "Who is she?" "Is not a she." "Huh? What are you trying to say?" Paul asked. "He. It's a he and it's…" "A guy?" Sam asked confused. "That's not true." "What do you mean not true?" Jacob asked. "I'm not gay. I loved Bella, that doesn't just change because now I want to be into dudes, that's not how it works." "Imprinting doesn't work that way. Imprinting is to find your mate, in as, the one to carry the lineage. A man can't do that." Sam said. "You think I chose this?" "If you want to be a fag don't bring us down to your level." Paul spat. "Bring you gay shit over here like we're supposed to accept that!" "Wait, you guys…" Seth said. "Not another word out of you." Sam said strictly. "Leah get him out of here." "But that's not fair…" Seth began as Leah pulled him to his feet. "We should bash…" "Be quiet."