Harry's a What? After Voldemort kills Harry's parents, he was adopted and abused by his uncle under the direction of Dumbledore, while his aunt stood by and did nothing. Even though Harry appeared perfectly normal he wasn't and only two people know the truth… Remus and Tonks. I do not claim the right to any of the characters in this story. The characters belong to J.K. Rowling. WARNING: THIS STORY CONTIANS LANGUAGE, CHILD ABUSE, NEGLECT, AND RAPE! Harry P. & Hermione G. AN: Originally the bad guys were the twins it has since been changed to Percy. Chapter 1 This was going to be another typical summer at the Dursley's. It was the summer between Harry's second and third year. Harry hated summer. He knew that he would be locked in his room and he would be lucky to get a bowl of watered down soup every other day. This summer Harry knew was going to be bad because Professor Dumbledore had sent a letter home with him for his aunt and Uncle. This letter was all about the fight that Harry had gotten in with his number one enemy… Ron Weasley. The letter made Harry look like the bad boy for beating up Ron for no apparent reason even though Ron had always been the one to start it. You see, Ron hated Harry because everyone loved the "boy who lived" Ron would mess with Harry and provoke him. Harry never hit first, he would wait for Ron to hit him then he would beat Ron up and usually sent him to the hospital wing. As Uncle Vernon read the letter, his face turned red, and Harry could tell that he was furious. Uncle Vernon put the letter down and glared at Harry. After a few minutes, Vernon said, " What the Hell is your problem? Why can't you keep your hands to yourself? Boy you are going to spend the whole summer in your room. You are not going to leave at all. When we decide to let you eat, food will be placed through the cat door and there will be a bucket by the top of the stairs for you to use as a bathroom. Now go upstairs and wait for me. You know what happens when you get into fights at school." Harry hung his head and walked out of the living room and walked towards the stairs. Harry's trunk was at the bottom of the looming staircase. Harry looked up at the stairs and let out a small whimper. He had to get his trunk up not one but two flights of stairs. This was going to be difficult considering the fact that he only had one hand. You see Harry had gotten into a fight with Ron at the beginning of the last week of school just before finals. Ron pushed Harry backwards and Harry lost his balance and fell down. When he did, his right wrist hit first and he heard a "crack." To make matters worse Ron then stepped on his wrist several times. Harry knew once he landed on it that it was broken, and now it defiantly was. On top of everything, Harry still had exams to do. By the end of the week, Harry's hand was burning and he was in a lot of pain. He was still in pain but he knew what was coming was going to be worse. Harry had no idea how he was going to get his trunk up both flights of stairs. He let out a sigh, tightened his grip on trunk with his left hand and began to climb the stairs. He made it up the first flight and dragged his trunk to the door at the end of the hall. Harry placed his trunk down and opened the door. He then flipped on the switch that turned on the light. The light was faded in the attic and it was very hot. Harry hated the attic; he hated living up there. He picked up his trunk again and began to drag it up the stairs. Harry was about half way up the stairs when he felt his left shoulder was about to give out, when he suddenly felt the trunk get lighter. Harry turned around to see Dudley holding the other end of the trunk and smiling. Harry smiled back at Dudley and the two of them carried his trunk up the stairs. Dudley was nice and liked Harry as long as his parents were not around. If his parents were around Dudley would just ignore Harry. Dudley would sneak food from meals to save and give to Harry when he could. The boys set the trunk down at the foot of a pile of blankets that Harry used as a bed. Harry looked at Dudley and said, "Thanks cuz!" Dudley patted Harry on his left shoulder and said, "No problem. You hurt your hand at school?" "Yeah I fell on it. I will be fine." Harry replied. Then he said, "You have better get going your dad is going to be up here soon." "Did you get into another fight at school?" Dudley asked. Harry nodded and then said, "It is always the same kid that always get into fights with. He doesn't like to leave me alone." Dudley gave Harry a hug and turned around to leave. He stopped before going down the stairs and turned to Harry and said, "I will bring you up some pain meds when dad is finished." "I will be fine." Harry said quickly. Dudley smiled at his cousin and walked down the stairs. After Harry heard the door close he sat down on the pile of blankets. After about ten minutes, Harry heard the door open and heard heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. He knew right away that is was Uncle Vernon. He made it to the top of the stairs and walked over to Harry and said, " You know why are you in trouble right boy?" Harry nodded. Uncle Vernon slapped Harry across the face, knocking him sideways, and said, " I want to hear you say it boy!" Harry sat up right again, making sure to not make eye contact, and said "I am in trouble because I got into a fight at school." Uncle Vernon nodded and said, "Right now take your shirt off and go face the wall." Harry took off his shirt and went over to the wall. He placed his hands on the wall. His right wrist began to throb more than before. Uncle Vernon took off his belt and began to beat Harry with it. After about five minutes, Uncle Vernon stopped and Harry slid down the wall and onto his face. Harry's back was covered in welts, bruises, & blood, lots of blood. Harry could feel the blood rushing down his back. It was warm and ran like a river down his back. Uncle Vernon left the attic and went to his bathroom, washed the blood off of his belt and hung it on the towel rack to dry overnight. Then he walked down the stairs to his desk in the living room. He wrote the following letter: Dear Albus, Thank you for letting me know about the fights that Harry has been getting into while at school. I can't believe that he would beat up another boy let alone the minister of magic's youngest son. I made sure that the boy would regret what he did. Let's just say that his back is black, blue, and red. I am glad to be of assistance to you in assuring that my horrible nephew suffers and his life is miserable. He deserves every bit of punishment. Yours truly, Vernon Dursley. Vernon then placed the letter in an envelope, sealed it, and addressed it to: A. Dumbledore Headmaster of Hogwarts Witchcraft and Wizardry. Then he went to the closet under the stairs and took out an owl named Herbert. This was one of the owls that Dumbledore used to send messages back and forth to the Dursleys. Vernon gave Herbert the letter and sent him out via a window and Herbert flew towards the castle. Meanwhile, upstairs in the attic, Harry was in the process of trying to get himself off the floor and on to his 'bed'. This was difficult with the cuts, bruises, blood and a broken wrist. After about 20 minutes, Harry finally made it to his 'bed'. As he lay there on his stomach trying to catch his breathe. He was wishing that he had taken professor Lupin up on his offer to stay with him, his wife Tonks, and Harry's three-year-old godson Teddy for his summer vacation. He had not even been at the Dursley's for 24 hours and already he wanted to leave and he also wanted to vanish from the planet. Harry decided that he should get away from the Aunt and Uncle's house before things got worse. He decided that he would send Professor Lupin a message. Harry then realized that all his parchment paper and his quill were in his trunk, which was at the other end of his bed. Harry tried to sit up and fail to do so. He tried again, and this time he managed to sit up for a few seconds before falling face down in a small puddle of blood, his blood. Just then Harry heard the door open and footsteps on the stairs. Dudley came into view. He had a cloth over his arm, a bowl of warm water, a glass of water, and a bottle of aspirin. Dudley set everything down and helped Harry sit up. Dudley then took the rag and placed it in the bowl of warm water and turned to wipe Harry off. Harry protested. Dudley looked at Harry and said, "Please let me clean you up. You are covered in blood." Harry relented and finally let Dudley clean him up. Dudley took the rag and dipped it into the warm water and began to wipe the blood off of Harry's face. Once the blood was off of Harry's face, Dudley wiped the blood that had dripped down Harry's back. After Dudley did this he handed Harry two Advil from the bottle and then handed him the glass of water. Harry didn't want to make Dudley mad so he took the medicine without complaining. Afterwards Dudley helped Harry get his shirt back on being careful of Harry's wrist. Harry looked at Dudley and said, "Thanks." Dudley smiled back and said, "No problem!" Dudley then turned around to pick up the stuff he had brought up with him and he headed for the stairs. Harry asked, "Dudley can you please send Hedwig up here and leave the door open?" Dudley smiled and nodded. Hedwig stayed in Dudley's closet since the attic was too hot for her. Dudley left the attic and Harry managed to open his trunk, get out a piece of parchment, his quill, and ink. He held the note with his right hand and wrote the following message: Dear Professor Lupin, All is well. I made it home safely. Summer is going to go by slow as normal. Looking forward to school starting up again. H. Potter. Harry set the quill down and his right hand began to throb. He dropped the letter right in to the puddle of his blood. Harry quickly picked up the bloodstained note and folded it up. Just then Hedwig flew up the stairs, and began to circle around Harry's head. Harry tried to hide the note but Hedwig saw it, swooped down, grabbed the note from behind Harry's back, and flew down the stairs and out Dudley's window towards Grimwald Place to find Remus. It is almost as if Hedwig knew who the letter was going to and that it was in Harry's best interest that the note make it to Remus. Hedwig reached Grimwald place and flew