(( So a few things before you read. This story is inspired by Let the right one in, which is an amazing book. This story shares some basic plot ideas. Secondly this story was adopted from user Sleepy ocean and rewritten with her permission after discussing ideas. This story has very mature themes. If that makes you uncomfortable please don't read. Jasper is a lot older than in the twilight saga. Jasper, Edward and Bella's are all 11 physically. Enjoy)) 3POV It was raining. It was always raining in Forks. The sky was black and the there was a biting wind. The man stumbled from the bar, cursing loudly. The bartender had taken his keys, and there was no way he was calling a cab. He walked down the long dirt road home. Lined with forest, it would have been a beautiful walk during the day. But at night it made everything pitch black. He was an older man, unafraid to walk alone in the small town. Nothing ever happens in Forks. Nothing publicly. He saw them from a distance illuminated by moonlight . Two small figures. His breathing picked up. Two children. His mind flashed to distant memories. Memories of his son. Memories of his son crying and begging him to stop. Oh yes, he was a sinner. But no one had ever caught him. No one knew what he had done. He lived alone now, mainly known as the town drunk. No one would notice if he was gone a week or two with these children. His cabin was in the woods. No one would hear anything. Licking his lips he approached the two figures. Two young boys. They wouldn't have been more than 11 or 12. They were beautiful. One has messy copper hair wearing a hoodie and long pants. The other long blonde curls wearing a white shirt and jeans without any shoes. They were both thin and dirty. Drifters maybe. No one who would be missed. He could feel his excitement grow. What he could do with two boys. But he noticed something off when he got closer to the boys. The blonde boy was covered in scars. White lines everywhere. On his face and bare arms... The man stopped walking when one of the boys stood up. "Please help us sir. My brother is so cold. We just want to get warm. Please, we will do anything. ". The copper hair boy said, voice shaking. The man felt himself feel pity for the boys. Such beautiful creatures in the cold. Even scarred, the blonde boy was beautiful. Those lips.. "Anything? " the man repeated, taking a step closer to the boys in the dark night. Their dark eyes looked at him. They looked almost black. The copper haired boy moved closer and the blonde boy reached for the mans hand. The man grabbed the icy hand and gasped while pulling him up. He really was ice cold. He ran his fingers over hand that was so small in his own, and reached up to cup the blonde boys chin. Dirty thoughts raced through his head. "Do you want to fuck him like you did to the other little boys?" The copper haired boy asked, the shaking in his voice gone. It was harsh. Too harsh for a child. The man yanked his hand away from the scarred boy and turned around to face the other. "What did you say to me you little fucking shit." He hissed. No one knew what he did. He made sure of it. But it was already too late for the man. Panic flooded his senses as he heard a growl and suddenly the two boys were on top of him each latched onto the side of his neck. He tried to scream but nothing came out. The darkness was coning so fast. He couldn't feel anything anymore. But he did hear a voice before the blackness. "Burn in hell" The two boys dragged the body into the tree line, pushing it into a predug hole and covered it carefully, replacing leaves to make the scene look uninterrupted. "No one will find him until spring.. did you see where he lives?" The blonde boy asked softly. Taking human lives always had an emotional toll on Jasper. Edward knew when they got to the mans house, he would break down. He always did after a kill, no matter how evil the victim. While he saw their last moments in their thoughts, Jasper was the one who had to feel their last emotions. Edward nodded as he led the way to their temporary new home. BPOV The leaves were starting to dry up, and the smell of them burning filled the afterschool air of Forks. The school bus was full of chatter, and laughter of kids, everyone pushing to sit near that back. I , of course, sat in the front alone, awkwardly avoiding the eye contact of other kids. It was my first year of middle school, and I seemed to be the only one who didn't change over the summer. Everyone else had different hair styles, tighter clothes, or cooler personalities. I was the same old Bella, with the same plain wavy hair, and the same plain face. I was in my favorite sweater, an overly large zip up that looked like a lamb. The white material had the texture of their wool, and the hood even had two little ears attached to it. I had the hood pulled over my head, trying to hide my face from the other kids. But it didn't work, and never did. " Isabellaaa ." I looked up to see Lauren staring at me, a big smile on her face. I frowned. Her clothes were tight, and she looked like a kid who gotten into her mom's makeup. She reminded me of my own mother, in the way of trying too hard. "You look like an idiot. Why are you wearing baby clothes?" she teased, her hands flicking at my hood. I blushed, and looked down. I hoped she would just go away, and leave me alone. She didn't. She sat next to me, and I looked up at her in surprise. "Don't you have boobs yet Isabella?" she said, and put her hands on the little boobs she had."No one is ever going to like you if you dress like a baby. Don't you want to be sexy?" I blushed harder, and looked at my lap, trying to hide. Lauren huffed in aggravation, and glared at me. "Why don't you fucking talk? " she growled, and I flinched. "I have nothing to say." I whispered out quietly. It was the truth. Words were pointless. It was just a combination of sounds she wouldn't listen to anyway. "You're a freak." she said, and got up, walking back to the end of the bus. The bus came to a halt, and I got up, dragging my heavy backpack. I could hear them laughing as I exited the bus, and they yelled something indistinguishable as the bus passed. My head hung low. I was a loner. A loser. I walked to my mom's house in silence, and found the door unlocked. Walking in slowly, I heard noises from something in the living room. I walked slowly to the edge of the room, and looked in to see my mom and another man. She was laying with her head thrown back, her legs spread. The man was kissing her neck, one hand holding her head, and another lurking under her skirt. He was on top of her. Her make up was smudged, and neither of them noticed me. She was with another man on the couch where my dad use to sit with us. Where we use to laugh together. When we use to be happy. I wanted them to stop. I threw my back pack down with a crash, and they both looked up to me in shock. "Isabella!" my mom yelled and I ran before she could say anything else. I couldn't tell if I was trying to out run my embarrassment or the shame, but I ran faster than I ever ran in my life. The cold wind whipped my cheeks, and my lungs burned every time I took a breath. I must have ran 10 blocks before I collapsed at a small park I use to play at as a child. I was overwhelmed with emotions, and could feel tears fall down my cheek slowly. I picked up a stick, and walked to the monkey bars. Looking at a thick supporting bar, I swung the stick, and a small piece broke off the end. I swung over and over again, mumbling things under my breath, letting tears roll down my cheeks. I was angry. Angry that everything always went wrong for me. The pieces broke off the stick, slowly making it shorter and shorter. I wondered curiously if this was how my life was, and if soon there will be nothing left. "What are you doing?" a velvet voice asked, though it wasn't asked mockingly. The voice held only curiosity 3pov Jasper was having flashbacks again. Edward knew this because he could see into his thoughts. Jasper was a lot older than him, by hundreds of years. But he was turned as a child like him. He had found Edward lost and alone in Chicago right after he was turned. Children vampires were not allowed. If they were found, they would be killed. He was reminded of this by Jasper's memories. The torture he had endured, the scars that coated his skin. They could never trust anyone but each other. Edward knew Jasper's panic attacks and flashbacks were set off by the killing of the old man. They had gotten to the house that night and covered all the windows. As soon as they blacked out the house, Jasper went to shower. That's how it always began. It never mattered how many humans they killed, or how evil the person was. All Jasper felt was the pain and fear. It triggered something inside of him that made him get lost in the memories. He would sit in the shower and frantically scrub the blood off. Then he'd try to srub off the scars. Edward would get him then and bring him to the bedroom. He would sit in the corner of a room for days after, lost. He only thing that brought him to reality was fresh blood. Blood he didn't kill to get. Edward knew it meant Jasper's days of killing were coming to an end. If he didn't kill for them, his mentor would starve. If he let him continue to kill, he was sure Jasper would end up killing himself. The thought of being alone in the world for eternity terrified him. He left the house thankful for a cloudy sky. He needed to get blood. Edward had Jasper but he was still lonely. The breaks in his mind made him even lonelier. Maybe that's why he had befriended the human girl. He saw her from the woods, smashing her stick to bits. He silently watched her for a long time. He longed for a friend. Maybe that was the child part of him that didn't die. He listened to the emotion in her muttering. But he couldn't hear her thoughts. She was innocent and beautiful. He felt a need to protect her. And with her he felt like he had always wanted. Like a child. Carefree. Excited to see her. Even the burn in his throat wasn't so bad. Edward could have killed her then. He wanted to. It had been days since the old pervert. But he couldn't hear her. And his curiosity overwhelmed his hunger. He instead spoke to her. BPOV I turned to see a pale, bronze haired boy staring at me. He looked really tired, with dark circles under his eyes. Dressed in only