Disclaimer: I don't own anything Twilight related. This is rated M for the lemon at the end. O/S shot for arashi wolf from vampygurl402. Happy Birthday! Taking a Ride – One shot Winter 2000 Edward Cullen thought life was perfect or close to it. At 28 he had achieved the rank of Lieutenant in his firehouse. He had a wonderful family that included his parents, Carlisle and Esme, twin brother Anthony and sister Rose. Rose had married a few years ago to a high school football coach, Emmett, and produced want most likely be the only Cullen grandchildren, Tyler and Angela. The reason that these two children were going to be the only grandchildren was twofold. The first being Anthony was a Roman Catholic priest and unlike that character in Saturday Night Fever he was at no risk of losing his faith. Tony, as his family called him, was a very happy man with the priesthood. Unlike his siblings who did their due diligence for the church, Tony lived and breath the faith. Edward on the other hand was a lady's man through and through and swore he could never settle down with one woman. It wasn't that Edward didn't believe in marriage, he just didn't feel that someone out there that could keep his interest longer then the time needed to wine and dine her into bed. As a fireman, Edward was a walking fantasy. He was 6'2 with copper colored hair and bright green eyes. In his physical prime, he had graced the NYFD calendar a couple of times. But the reality was it took a special kind of woman to accept the life that Edward was willing to offer and that was a lot of ask of any woman. "Fuck man why did we get called," Edward asked, rubbing his eyes, as they drove their rig to New Presbyterian. "We have the dubious distinction of being both firefighters and paramedics," his partner, Mike Newton answered, yawning. They had been called to an apartment for a microwave fire, which turned out to be nothing. But the 42 year man who lived there with his wife who made the call was turning grey. What started as a fire call turned into a medical situation with Edward and Mike starting to treat the man until for the ambulance came. Now they were following the ambulance to Presbyterian to give the report. "Let's just give our report and leave," Edward said, "I'm wiped." They had worked a 72 hour shift and were ready to go home and get some sleep. And if there happened to be some female company beforehand well Edward wasn't complaining. "Exhausted my ass Cullen – you're going to be a Hooligan's and blond first," Mike teased as he put the rig in park. "Can I help it if blondes are more fun," Edward asked with an angelic smile that got him through 12 years of Catholic school. "Not me – I prefer brunettes," Mike said smirking, looking over to where a young woman was walking in, "In fact I'm going to hit on that one over there." Edward looked over were Mike was looking. He didn't get a good look at her face but he felt the oddest sensation, a combination warm bath and electric shock, when he saw her profile. She looked petite, slim, with dark hair that fell to her shoulders. From what he could tell she had very pale skin. But instead of looking sickly she looked luminous, almost like a pearl. All the sudden he didn't feel like blondes were more fun. Edward looked at Mike and said, "Dibs!" Then jumped out of the rig before Mike could react. Bella Swan had been at New York Presybertian now for 3 days as the new ER day supervisor. She had always been fascinated with healthcare but realized one summer after volunteering as a candy stripper she literately had no stomach for blood. Bella had fainted the first time she walked in and saw some poor guy bleeding out on the table. She found that by combining her passion for health with her computer skills she find a field in healthcare that she could do. Bella had spent a year at Forks General Hospital after her graduation from UDUB researching master's programs and found a good one at Columbia University. Her job at the hospital would cover the tuition. So after thinking about it and talking it over it with her family she decided to move to New York. Her sister Alice and mother Renee had been all for it. Charlie, her dad, not so much but in the end he flew out with her and helped set up her place and got her a can of mace. Her brother-in-law Jasper was more surprised that Charlie didn't try to push for a gun license for her. Both he and Charlie set up her small studio in Parkchester by the park. She loved her new apartment with the big picture window on the 6th floor. It was by the 6 train so she had easy access to the city and was about 20 minutes from school and work. Now she was walking into the emergency room for her first official day on the job. She had spent the last two days in orientation and straightening out her benefits. Her new job was to help manage the admitting staff. They had a high turnover, one of the reason the management staff was willing to take on a few fairly young manager. Part of her job was to find the holes and help keep the ER staffed. Mr. Banner, the administrative head was walking her to her new office. "Okay Bella – this is going to be your space," he said showing her the glorified broom closet that was now her workspace. At it least it has a door, Bella thought to herself. She had a lot prove in the next few months. Her manager Kate had taken a chance hiring Bella over more seasoned candidates, thinking that Bella's proficiency with computers would heavily benefit the department. "Thank you Mr. Banner for everything," she said to the short man who had brought over from the education building. "No problem and if you need anything please call," he said handing her a card. She nodded as Kate came in. "You ready Bella," Kate asked. "Yes – let's start," Bella replied, putting down her bag. "Well I like the baptism by fire approach and you're about to get it first hand," Kate told her, "We just had 3 buses come in the staff is moving." "Great," Bella said, anxious to get out there and see the registrars in action. Being an admissions registrar, especially in the ER, could be a thankless job. The clinical staff often got a lot of the recognition in the treatment while the registrars were seen as the paper pushers. A lot of people never take into action how difficult the job could be as you had the dubious responsibility of getting the patient in the system in a timely fashion and acting as a liaison between the family and the medical staff. Let's not forget the hotshot paramedics who were always yelling at the registrars to move faster. It was little wonder that registrars had a two-year life span before moving on. As it was when Bella got on the floor she realized that the she was already seeing some of that behavior. It looked like a couple of the firefighters were harassing one of the younger female registrars. "For fuck's sake Angela," the one with bronze (there was no other color to describe it) hair was yelling at the clerk. "Christ, Cullen is in fine form this morning," Kate muttered. "May I," Bella asked quietly. Kate raised one perfectly formed blond brow at the younger woman. She was interested to see if Bella was as meek as she seemed. "Good ahead," Kate told her. Bella nodded and walked over to the trio by the movable computer. The blond man looked amused at his partner's treatment of the registrar. "Good morning – I don't believe we've met yet, I'm Isabella Swan," Bella said extending her hand to the clerk. The clerk looked freaked when she realized that her new manager had caught her being berated by one of New York's bravest. "Angela Weber," she replied quietly. "Nice to meet you – what's seems to be the problem," Bella asked, looking at the two firemen. "Well Isabella," the bronze one said, Bella caught name off his uniform and realized this was Cullen, "We need to get out of here and Lauren is holding up things." "I need to get finish adding in the demos and first responder info for the doctor," Angela explained quietly, "The copier is down." Bella nodded realizing that no copier meant the staff had to do this all by hand. "Do you have a ticket number with IT," Bella asked. Angela nodded and patted her pocket. "Okay," Bella said, "Give to me and I'll see where they're at with it. " "Thanks," Angela said relieved. It had been wickedly busy morning so far with no lull in sight. "You finish up your job – I'll do mine," Bella told her and turned to the men, "The issue is that Ms. Weber has to do this by hand since our copier is down. Can you give her a minute and I'm sure she'll have this done." "Hey – wait," Cullen told her, "Wait – Izzy –" "Isabella," Bella corrected, "Or Bella but never Izzy." Newton snorted behind Edward. This scene was so worth Edward calling dibs on Isabella earlier. Edward shot him a look. "Sorry, Bella," Edward said, "I'm sorry – I'm not trying to give Angela a hard time but we need to get back to the firehouse." "I understand that but she needs to get that information to the medical staff so they can treat their patient," Bella replied like she was talking to her two year nephew. Edward took a deep breath as he watched Bella speak. He could admire the way she was carrying herself but wondered for a minute would it take to push into her into bitch mode. Even before Kate married Garrett it hadn't been that hard to push her. Edward decided to see what happen if he tried to push her a little harder. Call it a throw back to the days that boys would drip the braids of the girls they had a crush on into the inkwell but he was curious. "What she can't go find another one," Edward asked, crossing his shoulders, "You gotta have more then one copier in this hospital." Bella took a deep breath realizing that guy was just an asshole. A gorgeous Adonis of an asshole but an asshole none the least. "What's your name," Bella asked. "Edward Cullen," Edward said winking at her. That really made her skin crawl. "Ok – Edward," she replied taking a deep breath, "Is that your firehouse across the street?" "Yes," he answered, wondering where she was going with this. "You're the first responder but didn't take the victim in," Bella said. "Yes – be kinda of hard to fit in a fire truck don't you think," Edward told her. "So to summarize your firehouse is across the street and you're only here to add to the report," Bella asked. "Yeah," Edward replied, "Where are you going with this?" "In the time you were harassing Angela you could have also ran across the street to use your copier when you already knew it was down because the medics responding already were aware of the situation. Angela and the other staff haven't had a break all morning," Bella told him, the other idiot started to laugh. Edward smirked and shook his head. "That would break protocol," Edward told her finally. "Yeah it would have but guess what harassing my staff isn't tolerated, especially