DISCLAIMER: Percy Jackson and the Olympians doesn't belong to me. Our dear Rick Riordan has the rights. :3 Whohoo. Okay. My muse and I decided that we MUST watch the New Prince of Tennis series before I upload the next chapter on HIAB. So, she said so that the readers may not be bored too much by my sporadic updates, I MUST upload the first chapter to the story I made last year, when I was in my Percy Jackson Craze. Yeah, my muse has me grovelling at her feet all the time. :/ So, I complied, lest she turns on me and not let me finish HIAB. T.T And so, without further ado, I present to you Chapter 1 of my new genderswitch fic, Ocean's Wings . Chapter 1: I Vaporize my Pre-Algebra Teacher Okay. Let's get one thing straight. I. Did. Not. Want. To. Be. A. Freaking. Half-blood. If you're reading this and think you are, close it right away. Believe in whatever thing your "parents" told you about whether or not you're their kids, and lead a normal life. If you think you're a normal kid, read on. Nothing's gonna happen to you anyways. But, if you feel like what I'm telling you is somehow similar to your own story, slam this book shut and forget everything you've read until now. If you don't, well, it's only a matter of time before you get mobbed. Don't say I didn't say anything. My name is Persis Jackson. Percy for short. If you EVER call me by my first name I personally guarantee you that your life will be torture, both here and in the afterlife. Capiche? I'm twelve years old. And yeah, yeah, you're all probably thinking that my language isn't appropriate with me being a girl and twelve? Well, deal with it. That's what you get for living with a complete bozo for almost all of your life. And until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Was I a troubled kid? Well, yep, you could definitely say that. I could give you my whole life story here and you'll probably understand. Though, I'll save you the trouble and just give you the most disturbing part. And whoop-dee-doo, it just happened last May, when our sixth-grade class took an exciting trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. With twenty-eight mentally-challenged kids, two teachers and a yellow school bus, doesn't it seem fun? Note the sarcasm, please. But, then again, Mr. Brunner, our cool Latin teacher, was leading the trip, so I pretty much had hopes. Mr. Brunner, FYI, was this middle-aged dude in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair, a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket which always smelled like coffee. Hey, you wouldn't think he'd be cool and all, but he's the most lax of all our teachers. He'd tell us stories, jokes, heck, he even let us play a little tournament and let us use his collection of Roman armor and weapons. Conclusion? It was the only class which didn't put me to sleep. Hey, give me a break. With ADHD and dyslexia, would you really criticize me? I really hoped that the trip would be okay. Well, I hoped that Lady Luck would smile on me and doesn't give me trouble. I mean, really, was that too much to ask? 'Coz it was not very funny when I found out I was dead wrong. So, let me give you the low-down. Bad things always happen to me on field trips. For example, on fifth grade, we went to the Saratoga battlefield. I sort of had this teensy little accident with a Revolutionary war cannon and the school bus. I mean, it was an accident , for Goodness' sake, but did that change anything? Nooo. Oh. And before that one, in fourth grade, we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool. I sort of took the whole class on an unplanned swim when I pushed a lever. And well, those two are just the tip of the iceberg on all my disastrous trips. So, you can imagine, this trip, I wanted to be good. And to prove that little tidbit, I was even ignoring the resident school bully, a freckled redhead by the name of Nancy Bobofit. I know, what kind of name was that, right? And here's the thing. It was hard ignoring her 'coz she was hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the head with bits and chunks of peanut-butter and ketchup. I mean, ketchup? Can you say eww? Anyway, let me explain why it was Grover she was targeting. Thing was, he was easy . He was scrawny, and he even cries when he's frustrated. And I'm so incredulous about his crying because he must've been held back several grades now. He's starting to grow a very wispy beard and he's got ACNE for Goodness' sake. And, to top it all off, he's crippled. Yeah, that makes me his lady in a shimmering silk dress. Don't be fooled by his looks though, he could move as fast as a contestant in a 100-meter dash when it was enchilada day at school. Anyway, the crazy klepto girl was throwing the chunks because she knew I wouldn't do anything to her. Why? Well, the principal had threatened me with suspension – the LONG one – if something or someone does as much excitement as an amoeba. I know, unfair, right? It wasn't my fault he ran a school for mentally disturbed kids, right? Finally, I've had enough. "I'm going to skin her alive," I snarled quietly. Grover patted me on the arm, trying to calm me down. "It's okay, I like peanut butter." He dodged another chunk of sandwich. "That's the last straw. You're dead, Bobofit!" I started to get up but Grover pulled me back down. "You're already on probation, Percy," he reminded me. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens!" Thinking about what mess my mom would have to clean up with me being suspended again calmed me slightly. Looking back on it now, I really wish I strangled her then. Suspension, heck, even getting expelled would've been less than a heart attack for my mom compared to the mess I somehow landed with anyway. It was Mr. Brunner who led the tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the drafty, echoey galleries, past big marble statues and busts, and glass cases full of orange and black pottery that were slowly crumbling. I really couldn't believe that this stuff had been here for thousands of years. He gathered us in front of a thirteen foot tall stone column with a really big sphinx on top, and then started telling us how it was a grave marker, a whatchamacallit? A stele? Yeah, that's it. It was a stele for a girl about our age. He told us about the meaning of the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because, bite me or something, but it was interesting and all, but everybody around me was talking, and each time I would tell someone to shut up, the other teacher chaperoning us, Mrs. Dodds, would give me a glare. Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket. Take note, she's freakin' fifty years old! She also looked mean enough to drive a Harley straight into your locker. She came to Yancy halfway through the year when our original math teacher had a nervous breakdown. Yeah, teaching kids like us is dangerous to one's health. Anyway, from her first day, Mrs. Dodds absolutely loved Nancy Bobofit and figured I was something to be wiped off from her boots. She would point her crooked finger at me, say, "Now honey," like she was going to reward you or something, but it always resulted in me getting an after-school detention for like, a month ! One time, after the infamous after-school detentions that had me out until midnight, I met Grover at our usual hiding spot after curfew, the alcove separating the dorms into male and female, and told him that I didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He looked at me, surprised at first, but then he turned really serious and said, "You're absolutely right." I mean, detention until midnight? Really? Well, Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. Finally, Klepto Girl snickered about something she said about the girl on the stele. I turned around, gave her an eight out of ten glare and said, "Will you shut up?" And, yeah, it came out louder than it was supposed to. The whole group laughed at me. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Ms. Jackson," he said to me, his voice questioning, "did you have a comment?" Oh my gods. I thought my face was about to burn off or something. I said, "No. No, sir." Mr. Brunner raised one eyebrow, and wait a minute. Did he just smile? He pointed to one of the pictures on the stele. "Perhaps you'll be able to tell us what this picture represents?" I looked at the carving and mentally thanked whoever was out there looking out for me 'coz I actually recognized it. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" "Yes," Mr. Brunner said, his voice prompting me to elaborate. "And he did this because..?" "Well.." I turned my brain upside down so I could find the information. "Kronos was sort of the king most powerful being, and-" "Would you elaborate on that, Ms. Jackson?" Mr. Brunner asked. "Oh, uhm." Come on, girl, think! What was Kronos called again? Zeus and crew were the gods, and Kronos was.. Aha! "Titan. Kronos was king of the Titans," I said, looking at Mr. Brunner for confirmation. Seeing the nod, I continued. "And… he really had major trust issues with his kids, who were the gods. So, Kronos ate them. But his wife hid baby Zeus and gave her husband a rock to eat instead. And then, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad into upending his stomach to get his siblings out-" "Eeew!" said one of the girls behind me. I swear. Am I the only normal girl in this school? I even said the censored word! "-and so there was war between the Titans and the gods," I continued, rolling my eyes at the pale faces of the girls listening to my narrative, "and the gods won." Some snickers and a few muttered "Geek!" fluttered from the group. Behind me, Klepto Girl mumbled to a friend, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.' " "And why, Ms. Jackson," Mr. Brunner asked, his eyes glittering with mirth and something else I couldn't place, "to rephrase Ms. Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Hah. Busted," Grover muttered but, with the silence of the museum, the whole group heard anyways. "Shut up!" Nancy hissed at him, her face brighter than her rustic hair. Well, at least Klepto Girl got what was coming. Mr. Brunner really was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. He had bat ears or something like that. "I don't know, sir." "I see." Mr. Brunner looked disappointed, but his eyes shone with relief. "Well, half credit, Ms. Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of wine and mustard, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely indigested in the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that