A/N: I do not own any of this. Enjoy! The sun was beginning to near the horizon, and the sky had become tinged with orange when Clarisse and Chris finished sparring in the arena. For the past few days, they had blown off steam until dinner here. As usual they were alone. A week ago, they had gotten word that Percy Jackson had bested another prophecy, saved the Gods, and kept his friends alive. Since Gaea had been defeated, and the Romans had been calmed, none of the campers felt like sparring. They wanted a celebration, not more training. Clarisse had other ideas, however, and naturally forced her boyfriend to partake in them. She intended to keep her skills sharp. In her opinion, everyone should be on guard until the Romans were long gone and the other heroes returned home. Chris humored her, but tonight he looked especially disappointed by the idea. The entire camp had been waiting anxiously for the Argo II to return, so when she and Chris saw it practically limp across the horizon, they jumped to their feet and sprinted to camp. As happy as she was to see the ship, she could never admit it to anyone. Percy Jackson was a practically illiterate sea spawn who'd pushed his luck to many times. Fortunately, his luck, good or bed depending on how one looked at it, had saved the camp, and Clarisse, many times. Most of her anxiety was actually worry. After the note that the camp had received from Annabeth when she and Percy were in Tartarus, Clarisse was worried about two of her oldest friends. But the return of the ship also meant the imminent departure of the Romans, which couldn't come fast enough. Despite the desire for celebration, there was still an uneasiness about camp if someone paid attention. The Greeks were happy but secretly wary, and the Romans were split between their two leaders. Reyna wanted to congratulate the heroes and Octavian wanted to hang them. At least that particular brat had enough sense not to come near camp without a heavily armed escort. Still, after she and Chris spread the word of the arrival, hundreds of demigods from both camps streamed towards Half-Blood Hill, under the shadow of the Athena Parthenos resting near Thalia's tree. Clarisse noticed that Nico di Angelo had crept out of the shadows. He had been distant since his return, but he was more than simply worn out from his own trek through Tartarus and shadow-traveling with the Parthenos. He had, with much prodding, filled in as many gaps as he could about the journey of the seven, but Clarisse could tell he was still holding back a few things, things that were eating away at him. But she didn't really care. If he didn't want to talk about his issues, fine by her. She was pulled out of her thoughts as some of the younger campers squealed when the Argo II hovered over the clearing and finally began to descend over the valley. She could see her friends on the deck, smiling and waving. They looked happy and relieved, but still very tired, especially Percy and Annabeth. As soon as the ship touched down, the heroes were mobbed, by a literal mob. Everyone wanted a piece of the seven, so they were soon separated and overwhelmed. Despite Clarisse's muscling and threatening, she couldn't fight her way to her friends, which frustrated her to no end. It appeared there was no help coming either, until an impossibly loud whistle sounded and the mob began to part. A short, plump figure was slowly wading through the demigods until he could stand up on the deck, in full view of everyone. Quickly, word spread through the crowd that it was Dionysus, in Greek form. He had not returned to camp since Zeus had called him back to Olympus when the war had started almost a year ago. "Yes, I'm sure you are all quite giddy to see your heroes and me , but I do believe that all this might kill Peter and his friends," Dionysus found Percy's eyes in the sea of people and winked, "Besides, it is dinner time and almost curfew. You don't want your dinner's cut short." It didn't seem right to split up the two camps now, so Chiron and Mr. D ordered the harpies to serve everyone dinner on the hill. It was absolute chaos, but was still more organized than the first rush to the Argo II. The seven spread out through the crowd without eating much. They tried to find as many of their friends as they could but didn't come close. As the sun began setting, Mr. D once again climbed to the ship's deck to stand with the seven and Chiron and held everyone's attention, "Dinner is now concluded. We are instituting early curfew tonight, because I'm sure you will all want to be refreshed for the festivities planned for tomorrow. Goodnight." Clarisse pushed her way to the front as the entire crowd groaned. She made eye contact with Annabeth, who smiled and waved. Percy followed her gaze and smiled at Clarisse too. She responded by punching her open palm with her other fist. Percy only smiled, which infuriated Clarisse. Mr. D made an attempt to climb down but was interrupted by a shout from the middle of the crowd, "Mr. D, you are, forgetting something. Sir." The entire crowd fixed its gaze on Travis Stoll sitting on his brother's shoulders so he could be seen and heard easily. Clarisse gaped at them. The nerve of those idiots! She expected Mr. D to turn them into dolphins on the spot. A grunt escaped Mr. D's lips, but to everyone's amazement he stopped climbing off the ship. "Ah, yes. Apparently, I owe those two demigods a debt, but in all of Hades I can't remember why," Travis began to shout again but a snap from Mr. D's fingers curled a vine around his lips, "Ahem, yes, well today is coincidently the Johnson boy's birthday, which somehow was only remembered by the two thieves," a cheer went up from the crowd. Clarisse scowled. She knew something else was important today besides Prissy's birthday, but couldn't remember what. Mr. D continued, "Which in itself is not very important," a boo followed, "but it has been brought to my attention that some of you have another tradition, a rather wet one, which I enjoy the idea of. After that has concluded, to bed you go." Most of the demigods in attendance looked very confused. Clarisse put the last piece of the annoyingly elusive yet simple puzzle together and leapt onto the deck of the ship as Travis and Connor screamed, " GET 'EM !" The campers who watched everyone dump Percy and Annabeth in the lake last year after their first kiss stormed the ship. The two heroes did not even struggle but smiled broadly as Clarisse, Malcolm, and a couple prepared Hermes kids picked them up and tossed them gracelessly over the side into the waiting arms of the mob. The rest of the seven, and the crowd was shocked, but quickly recovered and joined the stampede to the canoe lake. The crowd, in honor of last year, carried the two heroes close enough to hold hands until throwing them clumsily into the lake. The pair did not surface for some time and the crowd's interest slowly faded as Percy's air bubble power was explained to those who didn't know. Eventually all but a few meandered back to their cabins and tents. After about an hour, there weren't many Greeks or Romans left on the deck. Piper and Jason sat silently with their feet over the dock, her head resting on his shoulder. Leo sat to the side, chatting with the Stolls, who were still beaming at the success of their arrangement with Mr. D. Leo's gaze only left Thalia to visit on Reyna, who were idly chatting, comparing war stories. Katie Gardner sulked, partly because Travis wasn't paying her any attention, and partly because the only attention she did end up getting was the bad end of a prank. Frank and Hazel were returning from a long walk around the lake. Nico had disappeared. Chris and Clarisse held each other silently, reveling in the peacefulness of the lake. Connor finally broke the silence, "so do we just, go to bed?" "Not a chance, I want the uncensored version of their story, of all of your stories," Thalia flatly stated. Connor and Travis perked up at the word uncensored until they realized that probably meant war and horror stories. "Frank, why don't you go goldfish mode and give 'em the hint?" Leo said with a wink. "But what if I, you know, see something that I can't un-see." Hazel and a few others laughed. "Well I've had enough waiting, and I have an idea." Thalia grunted as she walked to the edge of the dock and dipped her hand in the water, "sorry Kelp Head." Everyone ran off the dock as they realized what she was going to do, except the Stolls who were laughing too hard to move. The electric shock raced across the lake in seconds, followed quickly by a sizable jet of water blasting Thalia off the dock. Percy and Annabeth gracefully emerged from a wave, but their hair stood up with static electricity. They both were smiling broadly. "That hurt Pinecone Face," Percy chided as Thalia climbed out of the lake, "what was that for?" "We are sick of waiting for you two to finish your alone time. We've been waiting to hear the not-PG version of your story for an hour." She replied as she climbed, soaking wet out of the water. "Oh, why didn't you say something earlier? To the Argo II!" Percy shot back with a smile, earning a growl from Thalia and laughs from everyone else. Katie was elected to get Rachel while the rest made their way to the ship. Once they were below decks and unafraid of being overheard, the real reunification actually begun. During the day, the group wasn't able to really talk, or give each other a proper hello. Annabeth draped Connor in a hug, "Oh my Gods Connor. You saved us, you saved the camp. If you hadn't gotten my message – if you thought it was a joke – thank you so much." Connor wasn't used to being a hero. He was supposed to be the comic relief, so when Percy followed Annabeth with a bear hug, he almost lost it. Blinking away the tears, he hugged Percy back as best he could. Just then Katie walked down the steps. Closely behind was Rachel, who was half-dragging Nico by the arm, "Look who I found. He shouldn't miss this either." Nico scowled as the crew of the Argo II congratulated and properly thanked him for delivering the Parthenos. Everyone took their places around the table that had served as the Argo II's donut covered warm room for the duration of the war. Silence crept into the room when no one knew where to begin. There was too much to tell, and not enough words to tell it. "Okay, why don't we start at the beginning? We all know Jason's story, so Percy tell us what happened at the Roman camp," Rachel volunteered happily. Everyone nodded and Percy looked embarrassed, but he began with waking up in the Wolf House. He explained how he was hounded by gorgons, with no memory besides his name and Annabeth's face. He walked them through when he carried Juno across the river, with help from Frank and Hazel. Some of the Greeks were a little nervous that he lost his invincibility. They were subsequently awed when they realized he'd stopped Gaia without the Curse of Achilles. Boos rang around the room during his introduction to Octavian, but the silence was painful when Percy