o Chapter One o The Awful Tea Party Part I o It was a good life, the one that I had. Not a particularly interesting one, mind you, but still good. Okay, it was boring as hell if I'm honest, but it was mine. And my life stopped being mine the instant that Harry Potter pulled me into his world. The worst part of it, the one that really pisses me off, is that I hadn't asked for it. During no part of my last day in a normal universe did I bemoan my fate, curse my ordinariness, or look to the sky hoping that someone, anyone, would take me away on an improbable adventure. Those kinds of things didn't happen in the real world, so I'd long stopped wishing for them. That's what growing up is. And sure, that's lousy, but it's life. You work with what you have. What I had was an affordable studio apartment; Fyodor, a boyfriend who was sweet and steady; and a mind-numbing career as a market research analyst who sidelined as a cover-story inventor for a married boss who everyone knew was slipping it to the HR lady during lunchtime. Not extraordinary. Not special. Not magical. But all of that was real and it was good. And then I stepped into a supply closet to get some toner because no one else could figure out how to refill the communal printer despite the instructions being taped to the side two years ago by someone who was tired of staining her fingers black, and found myself in a dim, candlelit room filled with stale air and the thick scent of blood. Sitting cross-legged on the stone floor was a thin young man with black hair. He was holding a yellow-paged tome so large that it seemed to take all his effort to keep it upright. And I knew him. From the eyeglasses to the lightning-shaped scar on his head, I knew him. You'd know him too, provided you're a fan of popular fantasy novels. This was a face that I had seen while reading book after book in one particular series, a face that had been locked in my mind, a face that was like that of a familiar friend. The one thing out of place was the Slytherin crest on his school robes. Why was he wearing robes like that when he looked only a few years younger than me? He was well past Hogwarts age. Oh, and that body in the center of the salt circle was unexpected too. It might have frightened me more if I hadn't sat on the grimy floor rocking myself, convinced that I finally had some kind of boredom-induced break with reality. Twenty-six was too young for such shit. The man watched me sob and beg for someone to take me to a hospital. He really was a man. Twenty or twenty-one, maybe. Hard to tell through the blur of tears. A kid of his age shouldn't have looked so ... detached. God, it was bad enough that I'd had a breakdown, but had it really needed to involve the Harry Potter series? A non-canon version of it at that? And why Slytherin Harry, of all the cliches? Couldn't it have been, I don't know, Hufflepuff Harry? A Hufflepuff wouldn't have made what looked like a summoning circle and engage in probable human sacrifice. Or maybe he would have. You never knew with the nice ones. Fuck, my imagination really had got away with me. Mom was right. Shouldn't have had my nose in books all the time. Look where it had got me. I strangled down a panicked laugh. The sound squeaked through my teeth anyway. His gaze shifted to snare mine. It was cold and sharp, yet curious. That curiosity seemed worse than the detachment, as if he'd found an interesting Flobberworm that he wanted to dissect. No one should wear an expression like that. It was too empty. "What's so funny?" he said in a soft voice devoid of emotion. "Everything," I said. That sounded whiny. Tearful. Christ, this really was a breakdown. Karen from HR was going to waddle over to see why I hadn't come back with the toner and find me blubbering. Maybe she already had. Maybe the ambulance was on its way and the EMTs were readying the sedatives. So I might as well explain myself while I could. This figment of my imagination wouldn't last much longer, so there was no harm in furthering the conversation. Modern medicine could do a lot for sick people. "I have gone insane," I explained, "and I am talking to someone who isn't real." He stretched out his long legs on the blanket beneath him. Tendons in one of them popped, as if it'd been kept crossed for too long. He shifted the heavy book in his hands. Read. Turned a page. Turned another. Frowned. Traced a scarred finger down the thick paper. What the hell had happened to his hands to scar them like that? "Are you a Squib?" A pause. "No, Americans call them Defects, don't they?" "What?" Right, this was a themed breakdown, wasn't it? Squibs. I knew what those were. "No, I'm not anything like that." Pleasure flashed across his face, startling compared to its former blankness. He quickly schooled his features. "Excellent." He flipped another page. "How closely are you related to the Evanses? You must be a cousin. A second or third one, perhaps ..." "I'm not related to any Evanses." Now annoyance flashed on his face. It stuck there. "Then what are you? A Muggle-born? No, wrong term — Were you born of Blights?" "I'm a Henry. Violet Henry." "With no relation to anyone named Evans? I find that difficult to believe after the little ritual that I've done." My gaze drifted to the body not half a foot in front of me. "What have you done?" "Summoned a witch or wizard of my blood to me." He saw where I was looking. His resulting smile was thin and nasty. He set aside the book. "Don't look so upset. The man had been a Muggle. A perverted one at that. Wanted to buy 'my time' for a hundred pounds. When I had refused to give it, he tried to take it, so I cut his short instead ... along with another small thing of his." My gaze darted away from the bloody spot on the body's trousers. Potter's smile popped up again, thinner and nastier. "If he hadn't been rough with me, I would've just been on my merry way and he would've been alive." The dead guy had been a pervert? If this hallucination was anything like the countless Slytherin Harrys in countless fan fictions, then it'd be hard to trust anything he was saying. Those types were always unrepentant liars. Then again, he was a product of my broken brain. He couldn't hurt me. I was fine. I was safe. I was real. He wasn't. The power was with me, not him. I uncurled from the floor. Sat up. Brushed loose hair behind my ears. "Where I come from," I said, "there are no witches or wizards." He grabbed his wand from where it had been sitting beside him. Rolled it idly in a hand. "Forgive me if I don't believe you." "It's true." "You know what a Squib is." I sighed. Hallucinations shouldn't argue. "Because it's in a book," I said. "A series of books. You're just a character in them — one who's Gryffindor, by the way, not Slytherin." His amusement dissolved into distaste. There was anger too in his thinning mouth and his narrowing eyes. He said, "It seems that we'll have to discover the truth the hard way," and pointed his wand at my face. " Legilimens ." What followed was a pain that I couldn't have anticipated. It wasn't physical. But it hurt in ways that I had never been hurt before. Ways that would still hurt hours later. They'd hurt for the rest of my life. It's hard to tell you what that was like. Maybe you know. But I hope that you don't. I hope that the world has changed for those reading this chronicle. Let's pretend that it has changed, that you don't know the touch of an Unforgivable. So how can I let you know what it's like to have Potter in your mind? Oh, wait. I think have the right comparison. Have you ever had a diary? A journal? Something that you kept from all the world and filled with your observations, your dreams, your secrets? Did anyone ever read that diary? It's awful, that kind of violation, isn't it? Someone else knowing your deepest and most private thoughts. Doesn't matter how irrelevant they are. You wrote them down and locked them away for a reason. The reason could be as simple as those thoughts just being yours. No one has the right to go through them. They shouldn't want to have that right. Everyone deserves privacy and trust. Legilimency gives you neither. That spell is an intruding hand that cuts the lock on the diary of your mind, slices out the pages, and reshuffles them in its ceaseless, restless hunt for whatever secrets it wishes to find. Occlumency is the only thing that can slap that hand aside. But I didn't have Occlumency then. There had been no such thing as magic in my world. You can't defend against a weapon that doesn't exist. I sat helpless as he tore through my entire life. And I mean helpless . Active Legilimency, I would later learn, was a different beast from passive Legilimency. The second one happens when a practitioner of the art silently uses his skill to skim surface thoughts from the eyes of other people. It's not particularly strong, so an Occlumens of passable skill can deflect such intrusions without any real effort. Active Legilimency doesn't skim, it invades. You feel it slithering into your thoughts, rifling, exploring, tainting. It stirs up memories like ghosts, resuscitating their accompanying emotions. It suspends its victim between past and present, paralyzing them with the weight of remembering. No Legilimens, no matter his skill, can pick one memory at a time, can be careful, can find exactly what he wants on the first try. And sometimes, like Potter, they just want to crack open your skull and see the insides. Here was the disappointment when my family forgot to call on my birthday two months ago. There, connected to it by a skein of anger was a memory of my mother texting to say that it's your sister's birthday two weeks from now, don't forget! Here was me on a three-nights-in-a-row crying jag when I thought that Fyodor was cheating on me, and God, I'm so lonely, why hasn't he come over in three weeks? He can't be that busy. Is there someone else? Oh, that's stupid, he's too nice to cheat. Just imagining things, like always ... Here was last Christmas. No, the Christmas before. No, no, no, the Christmas when I was five and Grandma got me that book. Books. Always liked books. Books like the one he'd come from. Here was another book from another time and another and another, so many titles passing by until there was one called Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Another memory, of a later edition with the original title floated in the back of my mind like a phantom, then dissipated. The memories of my first reading of that first book cascaded through me. Then the second book. The third. The fourth. The fourth. We lingered together on the fourth. Alastor Moody's face, craggy and ugly, filled my head. Then another man's face, one that was slender and freckled and hollow-cheeked. Barty Crouch Jr. The faces that I had imagined them having. But the face that was lingered on the longest was always that of Harry