This story was an entry to the Phases of Life contest of the group Free Writers One-Shot Contests on Free Writers and Readers. ...~~~~~~~~********~~~~~~~~... THEME: Phases of Life STORY TITLE: Why Should This Merely Happen to Jacob ...~~~~~~~~********~~~~~~~~... SUMMARY: Leah is heartbroken after Sam imprints on Emily. Then a chocolate-skinned stranger catches her attention. Leah soon learns that Jacob isn't the only wolf who can imprint on a hybrid. (canon) DISCLAIMER: The stories and characters of the Twilight Saga are the property of Stephenie Meyer. I only borrowed some of her characters to play with them. ...~~~~~~~~********~~~~~~~~... Why Should this Merely Happen to Jacob? She thought, she never could relate to the leech-lover turned vampire, but here she was, stomach round with not only one, but two babies from a not so human lover, waiting for the time to be delivered of the little monsters she loved already. How ironical Fate was. She had even sent a good friend through some suffering like Bella and it was only luck, that he, like her brother, had imprinted on one of her sisters in law. Right now, near the time to give birth, she was stuck to the bloodsuckers' big house, while her husband and pack brothers were on patrol around in the woods. As a precaution she had moved in with the leeches to have the vamp doctor at hand, when something unforeseen should turn out. But how did it happen that she was in this situation? ...~~~~****~~~~... The battle was over. Could one name it even a battle? After all, they hadn't to fight physically. In the end it came down to a verbal combat. The three old leeches with their black robes, in which they looked like oversized bats, chickened out. They gave in and left the clearing with their appendage like the cowards they were. It took their party a moment to figure, but then she heard the cheers from all the bloodsuckers around and the howls of her brothers and she joined in. Only the two Draculas from Romania, which had speculated for a fight, and the Denali coven, which had so suddenly lost a sister, didn't rejoice like the rest of the group. She didn't feel like celebrating either, but she also didn't want to diminish the joy of her pack brothers with her own moroseness. " Hey, Jake, am I allowed to leave and deliver the good news to my mom and the other elders? I'm not in the mood to hang out longer than necessary with all the good bloodsuckers around. Maybe I can stay for the night at home and come tomorrow, to fulfill my duties, since, hopefully, I'm no longer subordinated to Sam," she asked her Alpha of four months for permission to leave. His answer came prompt. "Yeah, Leah, but make sure, you're at the Cullen-house early in the morning. I don't trust those spineless Italian leeches an inch, so we don't cease the patrols. Quil and Embry will take the night-shift, but you and Seth have to assume in the morning." With one last glance over the clearing she turned to leave towards the rez. From the corner of her eye she saw the attractive newcomer, whose story had saved them from the physical fight. He had watched the wolves with rapt attention since he'd stepped onto the place and she had ogled him secretly too. He sure was a view to behold, but she couldn't allow herself any frailties. She mustn't fall in love again, especially not with a half bloodsucker. She resisted the urge, to take a second look back and started to run. Reaching La Push, she phased, dressed and went directly to her parents' house, where, as she knew, the elders waited in suspense for the result of these day's actions. She hadn't much time to inform them about the events, when Sam and Emily arrived, to talk about and analyze the whole concourse. Her presence was promptly forgotten. Once again she felt superfluous and unwanted and went to her room, after she shortly wished her mom and all others a good night. She lay in bed and sleep evaded her. Damned! She wanted badly to forget for some time, but her thoughts wandered to long forgotten times; her childhood in the rez. When she was a small girl of eight or nine she'd often sought the company of the Black twins, but Rachel and Rebecca were an entity; they'd lived in their own twin world and had no eyes for others besides themselves. They'd only noticed her, when they'd needed someone to look after their little brother and, at some times in summer, the girl tagging along behind them. So she'd played the nanny for little Jacob, Bella and her own tiny brother Seth. They'd strolled along First Beach, playing with the things they found there, but she never could form a real closeness with the younger ones. Especially Bella was truly strange and also very clumsy; every time they'd met she had to overcome her dislike. Only from afar she'd watched the other kids around the beach and the rez, she hadn't dared to search friendship among them, from fear to be rejected again. Thus she'd more and more become a loner; the children in the reservation had considered her as an outsider. Her only friend then was her cousin, Emily. But Emily had lived at the Makah reservation and they'd met rarely. When they'd met, though, they'd been like birds of a feather, more sisters than cousins. When Bella had refused to come back to Forks for summer, her nanny duties weren't required anymore. The boys were old enough to go on their own paths with their own friends. She'd felt even lonelier than before. The start of her freshman year in high school, had initiated better times for her. Her body had changed over the summer, breasts and hips had become well-defined, which had confused her at first, but then made her much more self-confident. She'd caught the attention of Sam Uley, the good-looking sophomore; he'd had only eyes for her. It had appeared like love at first sight for both of them then and they'd started dating; in the early days secretly, later openly. It was the first time in her life she'd felt quite happy and desired, although her parents didn't wholly approve. They'd warned her, not to be too serious about their relationship. And they were right! Man, were they right. Four years! She'd given him four years of her life, her honest feelings and her virginity. As long as it had lasted it was like heaven on earth for her, but after he'd graduated from school, he'd altered extremely. She hadn't known the connection then, but it was a year after the Cullen family moved to Forks. At the beginning, he'd suddenly disappeared. She was worried and frantic with fear, because she'd thought he lay injured in the woods around La Push. To no avail she'd recruited her whole family for the search for him. They'd never found a trace of him. Two weeks later he'd emerged back as suddenly as he had vanished. She'd never heard a word of explanation or an apology from him, but she'd stood by him in spite of the rumors about his maybe drug misuse and the secrets he'd kept from her. Their relationship had had the first cracks, though. It had gone completely down the drain, when Emily had come to a visit on her graduation day. Her cousin had seen Sam on some occasions before and thought he was a nice guy, but both had never shown any interest on each other aside from a vague kindliness. On this day, however, as soon as Sam had looked Emily in the eyes, he was obsessed with the girl. She'd felt forgotten, superfluous and unwanted. The man she had trusted most in her life, even more than her parents, had left her high and dry, to pant after her own cousin. Her despair then had no limits. She'd cried for nights on end, but by daylight and in front of others she was hard as a stone. She'd shown no weakness and turned bit by bit into a bitter harpy. Emily had turned Sam down again and again, her cousin knew how hurt she was, but Sam was adamant, he'd never given up. Then, one day, Emily was attacked by a bear. The beast had blemished the entire right side of the upper part of the girl's body. Especially the face was very badly scarred. Selfish as she was, she'd hoped Sam would now turn away from her cousin, yet the total opposite had happened; Sam was still as smitten as from the begin, but this time Emily had given in. Soon they were the dream couple of the elders and the whole tribe and she was the outcast once more. She was so absorbed in her own desolation; she hadn't noted the drama around Bella, who had moved back to Forks. But this tragedy was the trigger for the worst day of her whole life. It was the pinnacle of her misery; the day she had phased into a wolf, the only female wolf in the tribe's history, the day her father had died. In retrospect she knew it was because of the redheaded vampire woman, who stalked the wretched, leech loving Bella. She had felt her body heat rising for some days and she was on the verge of a nervous breakdown in front of her whole family. And then her mother had told her, that Emily had moved into Sam's house. This was it. She'd burst out of her skin. In the truest sense of the word. Suddenly she was on all fours; covered in fur, she'd stared at her family, to see how Seth had followed her suit. He'd changed into a sandy colored giant wolf and out of the blue she could read his puzzled thoughts and had seen herself through his eyes as an equally huge wolf with grey fur. To top the confusion she'd heard a lot of other voices in her head, which tried to reassure herself and her brother. To her dismay the most moderate voice in her head was the voice of her ex-lover Sam. Chaos had broken loose in the backyard of her family's house, but she couldn't help it then; she had to calm down with this voices in her head. The tranquility, washing through her body, had helped her, but it also had let her be aware of her surroundings again. So she was able to see her father turn blue and collapse in her mother's arms. She'd bridled up and emitted a ferocious howl in which her brother had joined in. The next hours were filled with hectic activity. Sam and the pack had arrived only minutes before the ambulance and her father's friend, Charlie Swan, Bella's father and chief of police in Forks. She and her brother were swiftly escorted to the woods, before the paramedics and Charlie could detect them. In the forest Jared and Embry, two of the other wolves, had taken over the task of explaining the essentials of the tribe's wolf legend and consoling and soothing them, to enable them to phase back into human form, whereas Sam had accompanied her mother into the hospital and Jacob had searched for the disaster-prone Bella, who was roaming the rez on her own. When Sam and her mom had come back with the awful news of her father's dead, she and Seth were already in their human forms. It had taken all her strength, to stay human, but she'd managed it. The last year of emotional pain had taught her well. She was capable of helping Seth over the loss of his dad, even if she was hurt as much as the rest of her family. She had worn her tough- and bitterness like an