Okay so this is a new story that I've started working on, you may be a little confused at first but I promise things will be explained the more this story continues. Disclaimer: I still don't own Twilight or any of the characters Alice POV Deep breath. This is going to be fine, don't worry your going to be okay, just remember everything you ever been taught, everything you already know, and everything will be okay. "Hi my names Alice Brandon, it's my first day here," I say to the receptionist "Oh, you're a little early dear, why don't you take a seat, someone will be here shortly to take you to your department," the receptionist says kindly to me Giving her a friendly smile, and a slight nod of my head, I turn towards the waiting area and take a seat, looking around I see that there is only one other person near me. Deep breath. I see a stack of magazines on the coffee table next to me, I decide to select one to read to pass the time, soon enough though I'm approached. "Miss Brandon," I look up to the voice, and notice a stocky well built man, with a cutish smile looking down at me, I nod my head yes, and then stand up to greet him. "Yeah that's me," I reply "Well welcome, the names Emmett McCarty, and if you'll follow me ill take you on up to fifth, you're gonna love it," "I'm sorry 'fifth'?" I question him "Oh sorry, I do apologise, around here we just refer to the departments based on the floor number, as you can see we have 7 different departments, and the 8th floor is for the senior management, as well as were all meetings and such as placed," Emmett laughs "The fifth floor is the best floor, we're the best team around, your lucky to be starting out with us," "You're on the fifth floor then?" I ask him "Yeah, my specialty is working with the computers, I do data base, statistical analysis, you know the works, every nerds dream job," Emmett chuckles Emmett leads me over to an elevator. "Right there are three ways of getting to the different departments, this is our main way, its the fastest way of getting any where, the other two ways are stairs, and one of them is actually the fire escape, so you cant exactly use that," Emmett tries to say with a straight face "I'll keep that in mind then," I reply "Oh I do need to give you a slight warning about our floor, our detective, well she has the ritual with newbie's, so don't fret if she starts picking on you, or comes across snobbish, she just needs to make sure that your suitable for our department," "O...kay? Wait our detective, as in one? I thought each department had 4 main detectives, that's what I got informed of during my interview," I say "Sorry, that is what normally happens, except on the fifth and seventh floor, well seventh now has 4 detectives, well they're gonna drop to three," "Why?" "Because one of there's is moving down to ours, he hates it up there, always has done really, but Cullen has always persevered about 5 months ago he got offered a position down on fifth, but he only accepted about 2 months ago, he'll be permanently with us by the end of the month, in his words 'Thank God for that'," Emmett says "So right now, we only have one detective?" "Yeah, and we have done for the past 4 and a half years, she's all we have ever needed, she is honestly the best, she takes good care of us all, always listens to us..." Emmett pauses "So whys... Cullen? Moving down to fifth then?" I ask curiously "Ahh right, whilst we don't really need another detective, those two work really well together, I believe the big man upstairs has been waiting for an opportunity like that for a while, you put them both in the same room, with a case 20 of us have been fretting over, and within an hour, not only will they have a plan devised, a list of what we went wrong over, but they will have solved it as well," "Wow, that's impressive," I say slightly awed "Wait...you haven't mentioned our Detectives name," "I don't have a death wish that's why," Emmett sighs "Sorry she just has this thing about people talking about someone behind their backs, its why she never reads up about anyone whose joining us, she believes that you should get to know one another at the same time, so she hasn't bothered to learn anything about you, so don't be offended if she asks you your name," Emmett says sheepishly "Don't worry about it, actually that's a pretty good point, I'm liking this girl more and more already," I giggle By this point Emmett and I have reached the fifth floor, Emmett swipes his card at a door entrance and then proceeds to lead me through it. "Sorry, you have to have ID to enter this room, its where we keep everything we need, I just need to find your package, it contains everything you will need for day-to-day business, ID, notebooks, pens... our detectives idea of course," Emmett quickly locates a box and hands it to me, I open it up to find everything Emmett told me was in there, including a leather satchel bag to store everything in. Exiting that room, Emmett begins a slight tour of the department, he points out different rooms, well our break-out area, and the bathrooms, then leads me to the reception area, were a woman, in her late twenties is sat typing away on the computer as well as talking on the phone, she suddenly looks up and stops her typing. "McCarty's back... yeah the newbie's with him...why would I lie... just tell everyone... okay will do... no that's fine... yeah I contact him now okay... oh get someone to track down... I'm not that stupid... okay will do, bye." Turning to look at us she says "Everyone's been waiting for you to turn up Emmett," "Awwwh did they miss me?" Emmett laughs "Always said they can't go 5 minutes without seeing my adorable face," "Actually Hale said to tell you when you return, to remind you that your not cute, your quite dumb, oh and your way to much in touch with your feminine side, and too... how did she phrase it, oh yes to 'Man up mate,'" "Thanks for that Sarah," Emmett pouts "The database has been running a little slow today, I've been asked to ask you if you could take a look at it," Sarah says "Course I can, you know I live for this shit, oops sorry, I meant stuff," he says sheepishly looking at me I try hard not to laugh at the look on his face "Don't look at me like that, I don't give a shit if you cuss in front of me," I giggle Emmett dramatically sighs, and wipes a hand over his forehead, as if though he's relived by my words. With that he smiles at Sarah and walks through the double doors in front of us, he turn to me and waves me forward. As we enter the surprisingly smaller than expected room, I take notice of everyone, no one looks up at our arrival, they are all engrossed in their work, or so I presume, there must have been only 20 people, max, in this room, but from what I could see they were all extremely hard workers. Just observing the room, and seeing the different things that people were doing, jolted me back to a time in my life, that I try hard to forget, what did I really expect, that this would never come to light; I should have expected this to come about. Deep breath Alice. "YO!" Emmett suddenly yells loudly This causes everyone to stop what they are doing and look up from their stations. At that specific point a tall man, with copper coloured hair, happened to just walk into the room. "Seriously McCarty... how old are you?" He asks "Well its nice to see you again too Cullen, anyway this lot wouldn't have paid attention to me unless I yelled, and I needed to introduce our new colleague," Emmett casually replies "Oh and I'm 2 by the way, or so I've been told," The guy 'Cullen' seemed to ponder Emmett's words for a few moments, before deciding to just laugh, to which everyone else laughs as well. Emmett wasn't joking. "So who's this then?" he asks Emmett "Oh right Alice, this is Edward Cullen, the guy I was sayings moving down here, Edward this is Alice," Emmett smiles encouragingly at me "Well I hope this idiot hasn't given you a headache, I can only guess of how long he's probably talked your ear off, but seeing as your still alive, and more so he still is, I'm gonna say your off to a good start," Edward says "Where's... you know who?" Emmett asks delicately Jesus, seriously what is with the no names around here, its starting to get a little annoying now. "Oh she'll be here in a moment, speaking of do you have her file on hand, I'm sure she'd like to find out a little bit more about..." Edward started A loud snort sounded through the room, but before I could take notice of who made that noise, I only caught a glimpse, before the said person flew out of the room. "What the hell?" Emmett said pointing in the direction I had just been looking at. I watched as a girl with mahogany coloured hair walked back into the room, with her hand over her mouth, I think she was trying hard not to laugh. "What was th...?" Emmett started "Don't ask," she said "Well, well, well, I never thought id every see this day, this is freaking unbelievable... cant believe you actually had a nerve," she says looking at me "I'm sorry," I say puzzled "Have I done something wrong? Do I know you or something?" Shock is evident over her face, before she replaces that look with one of calmness. "Oh you most certainly know me Alice Brandon," she says "You must be mistaken, I've never met you before in my life," I say honestly "Wait how do you know my name, Emmett said you don't read up on files about new people," "How do you know her name, I never told you," Emmett says "Mary-Alice Brandon, born 2nd of April 1990, only daughter of Richard and Diana Brandon, went to Yaleside Nursery, Infant and Primary school, before going to Northwallis Boarding school, at age 10, and stayed there till she was 18," "Who the hell are you? And how do you know so much about me?" I ask slightly creeped out "You told me," she says "No I didn't," I say "Oh I'm sorry did I forget to introduce myself, silly me," she hold her hand out to me "Bella Dwyer, we went to boarding school together, heck we were even in a club together," That's when it hit me. Retracting her hand, she looks at me with a slight smug smile, making me instantly wary. "Oh I see you do remember me," she spits "Bella what's going on?" Edward asks "Oh, she's Collab guys," she states simply I watch as the faces of those closest to me become full of understanding, I see Emmett take a few steps to the left, whilst Edward takes a few steps back. Okay? "Wait," one of the girls in the room says "Do you mean to say that she was what you were?" "I know hard to believe isn't it," Bella laughs "I can assure you no one is more shocked than I am at this moment in