Hello friends! Due to the high number of requests, this is my second neko-based Jalice fanfiction! Thanks to everyone who has stuck around through Lucky Cat and motivated me to keep writing! Please take the time to review if you want to see more! I love hearing your feedback! This story, although polar different from Lucky Cat, will still feature neko Alice and her romantic tale with Jasper in a completely new (and slightly darker) adventure. I hope you enjoy! Without further adeu, here is the Pilot for "Cirque de Nightmare"! Alice's POV As a child, I always considered myself lucky. The house I grew up in may not have been the nicest, but it definitely shouted "country home" with the sunshine yellow walls and the smell of blueberry pie baking in the kitchen. Mississippi was a great place to live because the people were always friendly and when someone new moved down the road, you always showed up with some kind of baked goods at their doorstep. Momma said when I was born the whole town showed up for the baby shower, which is probably why I had so many toys in the bottom of my closet. Momma and Papa moved to Biloxi about two years before I came along. Since Momma had just moved out of her parents house, Papa was the sole provider with his degree in science and engineering. They bought a small house on a huge stretch of farmland to the edge of town and decided to buckle down there for the rest of their lives. By the time I was born, Momma had a job working as a wedding dress tailor and was making a lot of income off of it. Unfortunately that meant that as soon as I was out of diapers, she was usually traveling. That left me home with Papa. He was often working in the basement, where I was forbidden to go. I was too young, he constantly told me, and I could mess up his important research. I never knew what he researched, but he spent a lot of time down there. For some reason this never bothered me. Instead, I spent most of my time growing up outside on the farm, feeding the chickens and riding my beautiful stallion, Jackson. I was a real country girl. One of my favorite things to do as a child was to help Momma cook. Sometimes, when Momma would have an occasional day at home, I would help her clean the house and then we would go down to the creek and pick berries together. By the afternoon, there would be a fresh pie cooling in the windowsill. Some of my favorite memories were rolling dough on the kitchen counter, listening to the radio and talking about Momma's new dress designs. Momma would call me her "little angel" because I was so small. She always said that even though I was tiny (a whooping four foot six by age fifteen), I had a heart bigger than the world. I knew some kids weren't that close with their Mommas. I knew I was lucky. Every Sunday, no matter what, we always piled into the blue pickup truck and went to church. I didn't mind church, other than being forced to wear a frilly white dress. The people were always nice to me. The same old woman would tell me every week: "Mary Alice, I just love your dress". Even though I hated my dress, I would giggle and thank her because that was the polite thing to do. Sometimes church would be the only time in the whole week that I saw Momma and Papa sitting together. As I grew older, I started to grow wary of their relationship. They were never as close as two parents should have been. I always assumed it was because they both worked so hard. Still, I felt lucky. They both loved me very much and I knew that no matter what happened, they would always love me. My luck ran out on my sixteenth birthday. It was a Sunday. We all piled into the pickup truck to go to church, but it was a rainy, dark morning and the roads were really slippery. Another driver lost control of his vehicle around a turn and slammed our truck right off the road and into a big oak tree. The passenger side was completely caved in, and Momma was killed. We didn't go to church that day or any day after that because Papa couldn't understand why God would be so cruel to take my momma away from us. Months later, Papa was still in a deep depression. He hardly ever came out of the basement and when I made him supper he would tell me to leave it on the stove. The same pot would sit there for the next two days because he wouldn't eat it. I was hardly ever home anymore because I had gotten my first job, trying to keep the house. I was only sixteen and my part-time job at the bakery was paying the bills. When I finally confronted Papa about it, he claimed that he was very close to a breakthrough in his research, and when he did, we would be rich beyond our wildest dreams. I believed him. Before I knew it, Papa started bringing home cats. Whether they were stray cats or adopted, I wasn't sure, but he never had any food or toys for them, he would just take them into the basement and close the door. I wondered if I should call animal control or something, because he had brought in at least twelve different cats in a number of days. Once I asked him if I could play with the cats, and he shouted at me to leave him and his research alone. Finally, one early morning, Papa barged into my room and shook me awake. He looked like he hadn't slept in days by the bags under his eyes and the shakiness of his hands. "Mary Alice," he had said, out of breath. "Come with me. I have something to show you." Still wearing my nightgown, I followed Papa into the basement. I had never been further than the fifth step from the top, so I had no idea what to expect from the place my father had basically been living out of for three months. What I saw was beyond anything I could explain. There were cages lining the unfinished walls, each of them full of cats. One or two of them were meowing pitifully at the bars, but most of them lay still, unclear if they were alive or not. The "office" was a wreck; papers were spilled across the ground, test tubes were unmarked and scattered among the desks, and the weirdest thing I saw was a hospital cot locked down in the center of the room. There were restraints fastened on the cot, as if it had been used in a mental facility. "Papa… what is all this?" I asked him, running my hand along the bars of the cages, briefly stroking the fur of a malnourished-looking feline. "My research." Papa told me. "I've run all of the tests, Mary Alice. It's going to work, I know it will." "What's going to work?" I asked, feeling the hair on the back of my neck stand straight. Something hard hit the back of my head and I fell forward, and that was the last thing I remember as a human. When I finally awoke, I was in a lot of pain. I tried to move my arms, but they were fastened to my sides by the very restraints I had noticed before. My entire body felt sore and weak, as if there were rocks weighing me down. I turned my head to look around, but everything was much brighter than I remember and I couldn't focus my gaze on anything in particular. "How do you feel?" A familiar voice shouted, sounding like thunder in my ears. When I opened my mouth to speak, my jaws felt heavy and my lips were dry. When I went to wet them with my tongue, I felt the canines of my mouth much sharper than I remembered them to be. "What's wrong with me?" I asked, attempting to tug at my restraints again. My ankles were also fastened. "Papa?" There was fear running through every vein of my body, which didn't feel like my own any more. "My experiment was a success!" Papa shouted again. "Mary Alice, you were the final test!" "Papa, what did you do?" I cried. " Something inhumane!" Another voice caught my attention, one that I did not recognize. I struggled to see where it had come from. " Something terrible!" shouted another unfamiliar voice. " Get out while you can!" " He'll hurt you worse!" " Let us out!" " Help us!" I jerked my head from side to side, but I could not see anyone in the room except the faint outline of my father, who was crouched over his desk and shuffling through papers. The wider I opened my eyes, the clearer he became. I continued to examine the room for the source of the voices. The cats. Several of them were meowing and pushing at the bars of their cages, but they were all staring straight at me. I can hear you…? "Mary Alice." Papa interrupted my train of panicked thought by holding up a hand-held mirror in front of me. The reflection of the light on the ceiling temporarily blinded me and I struggled to adjust my vision once more. I did not recognize the person in the mirror. Her eyes were the most striking topaz I had ever seen. I knew it could not be my reflection because my eyes were hazel. Her hair was cropped short and sticking out in several directions. I knew it could not be my reflection because my hair was longer than my fingertips. There were large furry ears on the top of her head. I knew it could not be my reflection because that was impossible. To test this theory, I blinked my eyes. They blinked back. I turned my head. The jagged bangs fell across her forehead. I tried to twitch my ears. The furry ones twitched back. "For years, I have been researching ways to enhance the human body." My father began to explain, setting the mirror down and picking up a folder. "My best hypothesis was by using cross-species genetics. With careful research, I found a way to infuse human DNA with that of a domestic housecat… thus hypothetically giving them the enhanced capabilities of a feline… the perfect vision, extended hearing, sense of smell, balance… to make a form of superhuman. Do you understand?" I didn't understand. All these years that my father spent locked in his secret laboratory, he was experimenting on animals and trying to create a superspecies while I was upstairs baking pie with my mother? "Think of all the possibilities, Mary! The elderly who have lost their vision and hearing...the children born with poor sight… we could enhance our bodies just by a few injections! Naturally, I succeeded in all of the possible experimentations. The last step was human subject testing and… well, where was I going to get a volunteer for that?" "So you use your own daughter?!" I shouted, pulling at my restraints one more. "Don't you see, Mary Alice? This is a good thing! You're going to be famous! We both are! You're going to have the life you always dreamed of!" "Let me go!" I cried. "Turn me back! I don't want to be a cat! I want my hair back! I want to wake up!" "You're not dreaming, Mary Alice, and certain things had to be sacrificed for the better good. There were a few negative side effects of the transformation and until I work the bugs