Disclaimer: If I owned any of Tolkien's works, I wouldn't be writing "fanfiction". One can always hope, though...*goes back to tracing family trees*. Seriously though, only the host of OCs in this fic actually belong to me. Hello guys! It has been a long time (three years) since I actually posted this fic, but I've decided to edit and re-post it as part of a challenge to get me writing again. There was a time when I would write constantly but for the fast 12 months I've written absolutely nothing. Now I need something to ease me back into it, thus this fic was reborn! I hope you enjoy it! Please let me know what you think in a review, whether it is good or bad, you have some advice/criticism, or help with my Sindarin – which is dismal at best. I'm also looking for a beta reader, if anyone is interested? That alone might keep me writing...I have a tendency to let my lack of confidence get me down. Thanks! Prologue Two beautiful ladies knelt in a glade in the forest. The first lady was silver-haired and slender, with a merry face and laughing eyes. The second lady was tall and lithe. Long silver hair hung in an intricate braid down to the small of her back. Her skin was pale, but healthy; the sunlight, dappled by the canopy of the forest, seemed to make her skin shimmer. She was clad in a simple green dress with no adornment beyond simple embroidery, and she knelt on the damp earth in pursuit of a small flower. Lostariel forced her small shovel into the earth. The plant before her was perfect, and though it may not have liked being uprooted, she desperately wanted it for her garden. The elf sighed and rocked back into a kneeling position casting a smile at the little boy playing next to her. So absorbed in his game was he that he did not notice. Instead he let out a pretend warrior cry and moved his archers through the forest floor, his stuffed pony Mellon at his side. She smiled anyway. Her son was nearly five now, and doing as well as he should be; he could speak well, he had learned to run before he could walk and had a very creative imagination, though he had almost no friends to share it with. He had been born in dark times, and the few other elflings in Eryn Galen were much older than him. It's a pity , she thought, turning her attention back to the plant whose roots were still firmly embedded in the soil before her. When I was a child I never lacked company. There was always my friends and I, who ran almost wild through the corridors of Menegroth. Lostariel smiled at the memories, of her friends, of Thranduil when they were young. She stopped to watch her son again, as if by thinking of his adar she had to check that he was still here too. He was. She almost joined in with him as he threw back his tiny head and laughed because her friend was tickling him. She stared at his flaxen hair, whipping back and forth as he shook his head. "No! Nana, tell her to stop!" The little boy shouted, wriggling away from Faelwen, snatching up Mellon and toddling over to Lostariel, who sat him on her lap. "Hush, little one! Calm down and listen to the trees." The song of the trees always made him go quiet. From the moment he was born the trees had called to him. He loved them as much as his parents. With Mellon tightly clasped to his chest he crawled over to the base of a large oak tree and, closing his eyes, sank into the embrace of the old tree, which began an entirely different song just for the entertainment of its new friend. A happy smile played on the elfling's lips. Faelwen let out a quiet laugh. "He's a sweet child, Lostariel. I never saw any better. He truly is a credit to you and Aran Thranduil." A bubble of pride blew itself up inside of her, and she was about to thank her old friend when she was interrupted. "Nana? What is that?" Her child bounced excitedly up and down in her lap and thrust his miniature fist out towards one of the plants. She followed the finger with her eyes. "That, ion nin, is a butterfly. It is very pretty, is it not?" The elfling nodded his head vigorously. "Yes! Its blue, and green, and black! Can we take it home, nana?" He turned his lovely blue eyes on her. His eyes were definitely his adar's. Lostariel and Faelwen both smiled down at him with expressions of love and adoration. "No, we can't. You see, tithen pen, this glade we sit in is its home. It wouldn't want to be separated from the place it is used to. Besides, they are very difficult to catch." "Oh." The boy's face fell for a second, but as soon as it fell it was lit back up. "Can I go look for more, nana?" She nodded and saw him tear off as fast as his little legs could bear him, Mellon in tow. Her thoughts lingered on the butterfly for a second, and then she spotted a particular type of plant, one that she had been after for quite some time. She gathered her tools and moved over to the plant. She was so caught up in her work that she didn't notice the time fly by. "Lostariel! Where's Legolas?" She raised her head sharply, immediately scanning the surrounding area for a flash of gold, a quickly stifled mischievous giggle, any sign of her son. There was none to be found. "Legolas? Where are you, tithen pen?" No answer. A lump established its presence in her throat. Faelwen promptly took up the shout and began to search the trees around the glade. "Legolas? Game over! Come back to nana!" But still there was no sweet voice. Her panic began to mount as she paced through the forest, shouting for her elfling. Faelwen followed some two or three meters behind, but Lostariel wasn't stopping. She had to find Legolas. How far could one little elfling have gone? Her chest constricted. "LEGOLAS!" Silence. Her scream had been met by silence. And then, as if all her frantic prayers to the Valar had been answered... "Nana! I found a really beautiful butterfly! Come and see!" Relief flooded through every bone, every vein, in her body and she slid gracefully to the ground beside her son, whose gaze was fixed avidly on a butterfly with delicate violet wings. Her heart began its tune once more as her lungs drew in a great breath of air. She snatched him up in what would've been a selfish way had she not just thought she'd lost him, and swung him round once before clutching him tight like a lifeline. He was her lifeline. "Yes," She laughed breathlessly, "it is beautiful. Well done! Though perhaps next time you will not stray so far from the glade in your mighty search, hmm?" She caught Faelwen's eye as she put her son down and they shared a quick smile. When she looked back down, Legolas had picked up Mellon and was hugging him again. He gazed up at her and shook his head slowly. Lostariel fought hard to fight back tears of relief and joy. She should have known he would wander off. "No nana. I'll stay close." She smiled at him, satisfied, and Faelwen led them back in the direction of the glade. Though the incident was over in less than five minutes, it had seemed like an eternity, and one she wouldn't forget for a while at that. "Nana?" "Yes?" Lostariel glanced down at Legolas, who was crushing Mellon against his chest. His perfect little face was scrunched up in a confused expression. But she saw fear there too, and when her elfling's bottom lip began to tremble she frowned. "What is it, tithen pen?" He glanced around himself warily, as if they were being watched. "The trees. They are different. I don't understand." Now that she listened properly, Lostariel could hear it too. It was a whisper, a hoarse, scraping sound that was unnatural for a tree. It was the voice of fear. The trees spoke of danger heading towards them on swift feet, bringing death with them. Lostariel saw that her friend understood too; Faelwen's face was as pale as her silver hair. She placed the palm of her hand against the nearest tree trunk. Immediately the ancient beech told her to take her little one and fly. She did just that. "Come, ion nin. Come!" She took hold of his hand and lifted him into her arms. With a glance at Faelwen, who nodded once, she began to run as fast as she could. The forest was a blur of greens and browns as she ran, so that it seemed as though the trees themselves were racing her, instead of the other way around. She could almost have believed it if it weren't for the aching burn beginning to form at the back of her throat. Panic was making her breathless just as much as running. Legolas knew as well as she what the trees said; he just didn't know about the dangers of the world. All she could think about were the agitated groans all around her, steadily rising in volume until it seemed as though the trees were screaming at them to go faster, to flee the coming dark. What evil was following? Orcs were easily lost, for their tracking skills were of no use if the intended prey was seeking the safety of the trees. But spiders... Faelwen screamed. There was a thud from behind them and a screeching sound that Lostariel was certain was not the trees. Legolas's grip on her neck tightened into a strangle hold. "Nana!" Instinctively placing her hand across her child's eyes, she whipped around. Faelwen lay still on the ground. Blood pulsed from some hidden back injury. Shelob's offspring were unique; they were more the size of grown horses than your average spider, in various cases larger, though the principle characteristics still remained intact. It was such a monster that had felled Lostariel's best friend. It towered over her corpse, sting still buried deep. Panic and despair flared and adrenaline hit a high as Lostariel launched herself forwards once more. An angry shriek and a snarl seemed to ring in her ears. She knew that the spider was hunting them. Nothing but weapons could counter it. She shifted her arms and felt her son curl up even more, shoving his head into her shoulder and burying his face in her dress. His whimpers were muffled by the fabric. "Hush, ion nin. Don't worry, it'll be over soon." She tried to soothe him, to do a naneth's job, but the words came out as breathless pants. Branches seemed to snatch and grab at her whereas just this morning they had been as friendly as ever. Paths wound around and treacherous roots tried to trip her up. Her breath caught in her lungs and even her survival instinct couldn't force it out. A knot had formed in her stomach and it now slithered up to her heart, where it twisted and writhed like a snake intent on squeezing the life out of her. She forced her trembling legs to pick up the pace. She knew it would end one way or the other. If none of the patrols had caught sight of the spider, then there was only the one solution. She would die. Not her son, though. No. There was surprisingly little emotion as she though if this. Certainly no second thoughts. It was a naneth's obligation to protect her child, and through primal instinct she