I don't owe the characters but I just love them. kanya Haymitch glanced at his reflection into the mirror. He looked like another person in the suit that Portia had barely stitched on him less than an hour before. It was a night-dark smoking, its color remembering the one of that May, warm, stars-less-sky. "So you can't soil it!" she smirked, a bright smile on her purple-sticked lips. Haymitch couldn't really understand if hers was a kind or unkind idea, but he was grateful to her: he couldn't face that night at the Presidential palace without the help of a bottles (well, few bottles) of alcohol. And in case he would be, in the middle of the party, drunk out of his mind, no one would notice. He hoped so. He extended his hand to touch his reflection, with his index and middle fingers right into his reflected eyes, like he would perforate them. And he would be pleased to do it, so that he could escape from tolerate that pool of disgusting hypocrites. He closed his hand into a fist and sighed loudly. He was doing that thing for Katniss and Peeta. He was doing that thing for the kids, he had not to forget it. He was doing that thing for no one else. Except, maybe.. "Oh, God! Please tell me you're ready!" squeaked Effie, materialized at the very second at his door, after she had opened it furiously, with a bellicose gaze. Haymitch, who had seen her in the mirror, rose his arms in surrender. And, turning towards her, grinned "I'm dressed, sweetheart, breathe! I just have to tie this goddamn thing and I'll be all yours" She sighed in annoyance, moving towards him with little steps. "Let me do this, Haymitch" she hurried, stealing the white bow tie from his hands and starting to tie it around his neck, with expert fingers. They were so close..closer than they have been in all those years they had worked side by side. Haymitch gulped, his throat dryed, trying desperately not to meet her eyes, so blue, so concentrated in knotting that piece of cloth. He colud feel it tightening around his pulse on his neck. He tried not to think to her sweet smell, not to care of her ivory-skin (not hidden by the dress wrapped around her slim waist). To ignore the impulse that was driving him to fill the gap between them. "Et voilà" giggled Effie, apparently satisfied of her work "Let's go now, kids are waiting for us downstairs". She run out the room, shouting to him to hurry as she vanished from his sight. Haymitch didn't breathe until he couldn't hear the sound of her heels on the ground anymore. What the hell was he thinking? He grabbed his jacket in irritation. Raised his arm to grasp his flask but, at the very last second, he stopped his hand and slid it back into his pocket. At the party there would be rivers, falls of alcohol: so why should he waste his own reserves? -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- When the Presidential Palace's gates opened wide in front of them, they were greeted by a roaring crowd. All these people barely run towards Katniss and Peeta, congratulating them for their dresses, for their just ended Tour and, of course, for their engagement. It was the very scoop of the day, and no sound could stand above their excited cries. Looking at all those hands that were touching them almost everywhere, Haymitch felt a surge of pity for those two, main course of that feast of fools. "So? Daydreaming Haymitch?" Effie's crystalline voice jingled behind him. The woman reached him and stopped by his side, raising her eyes on his face. "You're not envying them, aren't you? You had had your time in the spotlight, too. Let them enjoy what they've earned" she went on, her voice quivering in appiness. Haymitch swallowed the words that he was going to say, that were they've earned anything and that he did not see what glory was in survive a feud, a slaughter minutely set to entertain the population and to frighten to death the underdogs. Haymitch preferred not to say anything, that night: deep in his consciousness, he knew that Effie disapproved all that shit, too. But he knew also that she were happy that, for once, the victors had been her tributes. He nodded silently. Effie extended her hand and squeezed his arm for few seconds, then she moved on before him through the gates. Haymitch felt that point on his arm – where her fingers tightened- burn for a little while. He shook his head, following her into the beast's jaws. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- "Absolutely! She frightened us to death! We hadn't the palest idea of what were she thinking. We were paralyzed! All of us thought she'd had ended killing him. But, you know, love is a weapon no one can defeat. She'd died herself rather than let him die, wouldn't you Katniss?" Haymitch looked at the girl smiling wide to the new Head Gamemaker, Plutarch Heavensbee, a man Effie had begged her to be kind with. "No way, I couldn't live without Peeta" she said. Haymitch poured himself another glass of wine. He commiserated Katniss, forced by a unfair fate to come up on a stage she'll never come down, to live with that girl-on-a-crush mask forever. He gulped down the liquor, pleased to feel his throat catching fire at its way down his stomach. He felt lighter every time he swallowed. When he went back looking towards them, he noticed Plutarch had taken Katniss on the dance floor and he were talking uninterruptedly in her ear, Peeta were quietly chatting with Ocatvia and Flavius, like he felt comfortable in that place. His eyes wandered, looking for Effie. They found her smiling slightly to a black-dressed man with grey-and-blue-speckled hair, that Haymitch couldn't identify from behind. The man raised his hand and put it on Effie's shoulder, whispering something in her ear. Her smile cracked, she raised her gaze and nodded, putting down the glass of champagne she was holding between her fingers, letting the man's hand guide her out of the hall. He was walking behind Effie, his hands on her hips and roaming her body with a disgusting look in his eyes. They vanished from his sight. Haymitch could hear his heart beating in his ears in anger, his guts on fire. He stood abruptly, too faster to not have a vertigo that made him barely fall down, holding tightly in his hand the wine bottle, now almost empty. Faltering and with his eyes blurring he found the door the two were disappeared behind. The knob almost cracked under his weight as Haymitch clung on it and the door opened wide on a long hallway. Even after he closed it behind him, the noise of the party thudded in his ears, not allowing him to hear any other voice. Haymitch rubbed his eyes, his heart beating furiously into his chest. He couldn't say if it was so fast because of the alcohol or the rage running through his veins. Along the hallway there were almost twenty doors, all locked. Cursing the hell of noise the party was making, Haymitch began to eavesdrop, moving his ear closer to the keyhole of each door. He pressed his cheek against the wood, not able to sense nothing until he came to the thirteenth. " Excellent job" the voice of that despicable creature came pretty clear to his ears "You've had not only one winner – and it'd be really a smash, considering that you have District 12 – but two victors..so good, my little girl.." Effie was silent. " I did know you were a waste of talent in that filthy District. A beauty like you isn't supposed to soil her gracious hands with their dirt.." " They're better than you think" Effie's voice was just a whisper but cold. " You know, I've never need to handle that kind of scum.. It was necessary a delicacy like you to make me willing to produce your two victors. I'd never asked Seneca to not let them die with those berries if it would be your drunk mentor to ask me to.." " Let him alone" Effie growled. " Oh,so sweet to defend your, hm, friend.. But, you know, you're not supposed to do this, he can't hear you, you can freely say what you really think" " He's thousands times better than you.. If, if you had only passed through a hundredth part of what he had to.." Her voice was interrupted by an abrupt noise, and a thud. And a moan of pain. He had just slapped her. Haymitch grasped the doorknob, as he wanted to enter the room, when the man spoke again, his voice lower and crueler. " I don't think I'm here to listen to your whimpering, little slut. I think I'm here to collect what you owe me. And I want it now: the President's speech will be in an hour.." Haymitch barely noticed he had spread the door until he found himself facing two pairs of eyes. Effie's huge, blue, terrified ones and the man's, which were dark and angry. Her nose was bleeding quite badly and she was pinned up against the wall by his gloved hands. "Let her go" The man, unexpectedly, did that and Effie slid down along the wall to the floor, her hands trying to stop up the blood. "Oh, joy !" the man laughed at him, not bothering to look at her "Here you are, we were talking about you right, hm, three seconds ago. Have you got a detector flashing when someone say your name or what? Oh, sorry, maybe in District 12 you don't even know what manners are, do you? Mommy didn't tell you not to eavesdrop?" He walked towards him, anger written in every single wrinkle of his face. He was taller than Haymitch and quite large for a Capitol man. "Oh, what an idiot, I forgot. Probably she died before she could do it. Or maybe she didn't know manners herself, who could say? What was that, by the way? A mine accident?" Haymitch's hands were closed into fists and his knuckles were pale for the lack of circulation. How dare he talk about his family pretending not to know exactly how and why they had been killed? He shut his eyes closed too, trying to not jump on him. He had to think about Effie, who was trying to stand up, her legs shaking, leaning on the wall to support her weight. "Come here, Effie. We have to go." He said, reaching out one hand towards her. "No way, she has an outstanding balance with me. And, you know, you really know it's better to everybody if she settle it" the man's voice was soaked with amusement. "C'mon Effie" Haymitch said, pretending not to hear him. Effie glanced at his hand, then at the man, then at Haymitch. Her eyes were scared but resolute. "I can't..I..have to stay" she whispered, her eyes not leaving his. "What the hell? You are coming with me" Haymitch felt his voice tremble a little. "No I'm not" she was shaking a little, too. She sent him a sad look "Haymitch, please, get out" "Effie.." "Haymitch, please.." The man burst out in laughter and circled her waist with his arm, turning her to face him. "I wonder if you'll beg me like this in a little while" he said, his voice so unctuous that Haymitch began to walk towards them, blind with rage. "Haymitch, no ! I told you to get out! Let it go!" Effie hissed. "Yeah, Haymitch , let it go. Unless you want to participate.." the man said mockingly, with a malicious glance. Haymitch moved back slowly, his eyes still fixed in hers. He noticed a lone tear sliding down her face when she