Disclaimer: I don't own the characters. At all. They're Suzanne Collins'. Lucky her. But I'm just happy that she gave them life. So overwhelmed with effniss feels todat, idk..just something that came up to my mind. I hope you enjoy. Set in Catching Fire. Ps, just remember that English is not my mother tongue. Too bad. KATNISS POV " The female tribute of District Twelve..Katniss Everdeen" Later, on the train, it's almost night when I decide to pour myself something to drink. I need something strong, something that makes me forget I'm on the final road to my death. One more week and I'll be in the arena. Again. And this time I won't coming back but in a wooden box, if it will be something of me left to bury. I shudder at the thought of the several ways I can die. A precise stab of a knife, perhaps. Or maybe I will be blown away by an explosion. Or someone could choke me with his own hands. I shake my head, trying to focus on the landscape that goes by so fast under my eyes, out of the window. But it's almost night, and I can't distinguish the things anymore. I just lost my latest occasion to take a look to the beautiful nature surrounding the districts. Oh well. I drink the glass of whiskey I have in my hand all at once. It's strong, I cough because it burns but it's ok. It goes straight to my head, leaving me dizzy. But it's ok. If this is the only way I can forget what's going on, even if it's just for a little while, even if tomorrow morning, when we'll arrive to the Capitol, I will regret it. It's ok, because I just can't afford myself to think, this night. I can't think I couldn't even say my goodbyes to Prim, to my mother, to Gale..but, let's face it. It's probably better this way. I don't think I could bear the sight of my family crying because they know it's the last time they see me alive and breathing and with my heart beating in my chest. I simply can't. So, it's ok. The moon is shining in the night sky when I decide it's time to bed. I force myself on my feet and a wave of nausea hits me, right in the stomach. My head is pounding and I can feel the blood weight in it. I'm heavy and light at the same time. It's an awkward feeling. I can't decide if I like it or not. I try so hard to put one foot before the other one, but after a few little steps I have to lean to the wall to balance myself. My room seems so far away to me, right now. But it's only there.. Finally I reach the door and I slide it open, craving the softness of the mattress, and the warmth of the sheets. It's pitch dark and I find myself trying to reach my bed without knock out anything. Suddenly I hear something. A sniffling, like someone is crying, rises from under the covers. "Peeta?" I call out, in a lower voice, thinking it's him the only one who can be in my room. Even uninvited. I begin to feel annoyed by this. Even if I asked him a few times to stay with me at night, I don't like the fact that he does this without my consent. The sniffling stops abruptly. "Who's there?" I try again, narrowing my eyes trying to find out Peeta's blond hair or something of his body. "Katniss?" a thin, female voice rises from the point I'm looking at. Definitely not Peeta's. And there's only one other woman on the train. Before I can even say her name, she switches on the small lamp next to the bed. The light hurts my eyes and I shut them close, my head nearly breaking in two at the sudden flash. After a few moments the pain softens and I open my eyes again. "Effie?" I ask, not quite believing in what I see. I have no doubts it's Effie the woman in front of me. But for sure it's not the Effie I have known in the past year. The woman in the bed, who's trying to cover herself with the sheets, is smaller, thinner, younger than the usual Effie. She can't be older than 30 and she has blond hair that reaches her collarbones and huge, glossy blue eyes. She obviously didn't expected me because I can read the shock in her expression. "Katniss, are you alright?" she asks me in a trembling voice. I don't answer immediately. I can't help but stare at her, stunned by her look, so unusual to me that I need a moment to adjust. "Katniss" she calls me again, now sitting on the bed, wiping the tears that are still streaming down her cheeks with her hand "Is it all right? May I do something for you, dear?" I arch my eyebrows in disbelief and I am about to ask her why should I need something from her when it's her that is in my room. But I hold my tongue when I notice the golden wig standing on the vanity, and the huge amount of eye shadows, lipsticks, and all sort of make up next to it. Then it hits me. This is not my room. It's hers. I feel stupid and very drunk. "No, sorry" I manage to say, trying to focus on the words instead of on the blue eyes that are piercing me "I thought it was my room, I didn't want to wake you up" "You didn't" she says, the questioning look still in her gaze. She looks down. "Can't sleep very well by the way" she whispers more to herself than to me. I look at her, now noticing that her eyes were slightly puffy and red for the crying, her hands trembling weakly. Something pushes me towards the bed until I'm standing next to her. She looks up at me but then adverts her eyes, like she isn't able to bear mine. I reach out and touch her shoulder with my hand. "What's wrong Effie?" I ask softly. And suddenly she breaks. She closes her eyes and starts sobbing, her shoulders fall down and her whole body quivers. Her face is covered by her hands and hair, that hides her eyes and mouth; her whimpering muffled. I sober up almost instantly at the sight of this always bubbling woman now broken and crying all her tears. "Effie.." I whisper, kneeling next to her, so we're at the same level. "It's my fault.." she sobs, not even looking at me, tears falling down and wetting her nightgown and sheets. "What is your fault?" I ask her, my hand still on her shoulder. She chokes a cry, lightly rubbing her eyes trying to stop the tears from streaming down. "I am sending you back there again, you and Peeta.. You are such lovely kids, you could be happy and be married, you could love each other and I spoiled everything, I reaped you again.. I am so sorry, Katniss, I.." A sob stops her from finishing the sentence, but this time I hug her. "Shh, Effie, it's not your fault, you don't even think it is" I say rubbing slowly her back "It's not you who decided this Quell, you had no choice, just like us." She hides her face in the crook of my neck, and I feel her warm tears reaching my skin. I hug her tightly. "Last year I picked your sister.." she whispered. "..and it was my choice to volunteer for her, you picked her name between thousands of papers, it's not your fault" I say. It's strange I'm saying this, after I spent all my existence blaming the Capitol for what they do to the Districts. But Capitol doesn't mean Snow, and I learnt that there are people I couldn't help but get attached to. Like Cinna, Octavia, Venia, Flavius..and Effie. In a strange way I stopped despising them, because I can see how much they care for me, for Peeta, even for Haymitch. How joyful they were when we won, how sorry and broken they are now, that we are forced back to the Hunger Games. I don't hate them. Maybe I never hated them. "You were so brave, Katniss.. you always are" she sniffed "I wish I had a hundredth of your courage, I would have the spunk to refuse to do that, the reaping.." "You'd have get yourself killed in vane, and we would be here anyway, don't be stupid Effie. You didn't have a choice, none of us did". I pull away from the embrace and look in her eyes, big and shiny. "You should think of all the good things you have done to us, Effie. We would never have the opportunity to thank you enough. You have been the best escort to us, you are kind, you care, you can always find the silver lining in all this dark." She starts to cry again, but this time it was a silent cry. Tears escape from her eyes and they are full of sorrow, pain but also gratitude for what I have said. I smile softly and I raise my hand to capture the tears and wipe them until they stop falling. She is a mess, her curls disheveled, the collar of her nightgown wet with tears, her cheeks and neck flushed and her eyes glossy. "You know, you look better without the wigs and the make up" I say, trying to make her smile. Instead, her lips begin to tremble again, and I would do anything to stop her from start crying more. So I kiss her. I kiss her on the mouth in a desperate attempt to end the quivering and the pain. If I did it because of something else I don't know. All I can think of is how soft her lips are, how small and cute her mouth is and how wrong Peeta's and Gale's feel like in comparison. I feel Effie stiffen and her breath stifle, and my first thought is that I'm not skilled at all in this kind of things. With Peeta I don't ever go further than a light peck on the lips and he doesn't do anything more because I know he's scared of my reaction. And I am not that kind of person that asks for more, especially with him. Gale's kisses are rougher then Peeta's but he never did something more daring, his kisses only last longer. With Effie is different. I never kissed a girl before, except my sister but it was on the forehead, or on the cheek, and Prim always laughed when I did, while Effie stays still, not reacting. And this scares me a bit, because I kissed her without her consent and maybe she's not enjoying it. I pull away for air and I hear that Effie's breath is deep and lightly shaking. I feel myself blushing for what I did and I am about to stand up, mumbling "sorry" when she grabs softly my wrist. I look at her and I see her cheeks more flushed than before and her eyes bigger and a bit darker. Then she drops her gaze. "I..I'm sorry Effie.. I don't know what.." I start, ashamed, I can't even find the right words so I manage to say "I better go.." Her grip on my wrist tightens and when I look into her eyes I can see something like a plea. Stay. So I kiss her again, molding my lips on hers, so soft, so sweet. I raise my hands and put one on her cheek, and I can feel she's burning hot, and the other one on the side of her face, my fingers brushing slightly her