I do not own Twilight, nor any of its characters as they belong to the wonderful Stephanie Meyer. And there's no remedy for memory, your face is like a melody, It won't leave my head; your soul is haunting me And telling me that everything is fine; but I wish I was dead—dead like you. Every time I close my eyes it's like a dark paradise No one compares to you. I'm scared that you won't be waiting on the other side. There's no relief; I see you in my sleep. And everybody's rushing me, but I can feel you touching me There's no release; I feel you in my dreams telling me I'm fine. Every time I close my eyes it's like a dark paradise No one compares to you. I'm scared that you won't be waiting on the other side. Dark Paradise – Lana Del Ray They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Whoever spouted such nonsense can be deemed a ridiculous man, and a complete and utter fool. For what is beauty if there is none to be found? I do not believe myself to be the most interesting of people, I have no such traits which would regard me as such, in fact I would conclude that I am an average person – average looks, average intelligence, an average teen with an average life, when you look past my clumsiness of epic proportions. That has gotten me into more scrapes than I can count., but that is neither here nor there, so all in all, nothing that remotely qualifies as interesting about me at all. However if there was one thing about me that I believed to be unique to me, something that would put a step above the rest, it would be my curiosity. My never ending need to know what should inevitably be left well enough alone. Sometimes I wish that it wasn't a trait I carried at all. Sometimes there are things in this world you are simply better off not knowing. Then again, where would be the fun in that? For as long as I can remember I was always a curious little thing, searching out the answers to things best left alone, to find the truth hidden behind the lie, courting danger and death and embracing it like a long lost lover. It was not as if I could help it; there were just so many puzzles to figure out and not enough pieces to see the full picture. I had never told another soul about my twisted fascination with all things strange and unexplainable. They would not have understood had I told them, as I just knew somewhere deep within myself that they would never fully understand; Shame really, as it would have been nice to not feel so alone all the time. I was already deemed enough of a freak by my peers as it was, there was no need to add any more fuel to their fire. You should never take things at face value, because if you look hard enough you can see all the little things people try to hide. My third grade English teacher for example who was always so immaculately dressed, hair pinned back into a neat bun and not a hair out of place. However when you scratched beneath the surface you could see the glazed look in her eye, the smudge of lipstick in the top left hand corner of her mouth, her skirt shifted just a couple of inches to the right. Now if I was to take a guess on what happened that frosty Wednesday morning of June 1987, she was with my maths teacher, who had lipstick the exact same shade of scarlet on the tip of his collar, shirt un-tucked and the top button of his slacks undone with the same glazed look in his eye. Now he either secretly prances up and down the halls of the school every morning with his perfectly applied lipstick on and wearing a dress because he believes he is a pretty lady and should be treated as such, or he was having carnal relations with my English teacher every Wednesday morning. Slightly off topic, but the point still stands, that if you looked hard enough all the evidence of every individuals past indiscretions are laid bare before you. I swore myself to secrecy under some misguided notion of humanity. I believed there to be good found in every soul and I could never have been more wrong. I tried to telling myself to stay out of it, it's none of your concern, it's not your place to pry, there's a perfectly rational, reasonable explanation for everything . Of course, being the curious little thing that I am, I refused to heed the warnings, believing myself to be superior to my own mind and that I knew better. Just because I didn't necessarily "need" to know everything doesn't mean that I didn't want to. So what if I did? Would that be so wrong of me to do so? I'm not harming anybody; I only need to know just enough to satisfy my burning curiosity, to satiate its hunger until another day. All of which of course, has landed me in the current predicament which I know found myself placed in, by discovering the existence of, and irrevocably falling in love with what they are known today as a vampire. My little personality trait has a strange way of attracting the strangest things – who am I to ignore cues such as skin that is cold to the touch, increased speed and strength along with avoiding days in which the sun shines brightest. If that is what is classed as normal nowadays, it is not the current normal that I know. His own curiosity to my heated glares and absence of fear when in his presence is another factor to what brought us together. However had I not tirelessly kept up my search to find the explanation behind his abnormal behavior, he would have dislocated my head from my shoulders without a second thought. And I most certainly be where I was today, sitting helplessly atop the marble steps within the antechamber by his throne (well what he calls a throne I personally call a glorified chair), his fingers carding through my mahogany locks and unable to tear myself away from his intense gaze. A creature of the dark. It was just over a year ago when I'd first met Caius, before I realised that I had never continued on with my research. Instead of pouring through every piece of information made available to me, in order to fully understand what it was that I inevitably would be confronting, did I not realise the weight of the situation that I was getting myself into. I ceased my searching when what information I had gathered deemed to be "enough". It was not enough; it was never going to be enough. Now as I sit here staring into the never ending depths of his eyes, prisms of light reflected across his alabaster skin where patches of sunlight had filtered through the high arching glass window of the antechamber, that it struck me how I barely knew anything about vampires – and when I truly look back on what I had known and gathered during my research, it seems paltry in comparison to what I should have known before confronting the dark aspects of their nature. If were to truly look at what I had known about them after all this time, was the basic characteristics that identified them to be anything other than human: enhanced speed, strength, heightened senses, cold to the touch, inhuman beauty, that there skin refracts light when placed in sunlight, and that they lack any key characteristics that would identify them as human (a pulse or a heartbeat). I knew how blood affected them physically: it was their staple, their life source in order to remain among the living or undead as it may seem. It was blood that allowed them to continue to walk upon this earth. Without it their eyes turn pitch, senses are dulled, their strength weakens and, control around blood deteriorates. Depending on the type of blood they drink their eyes would turn either ocher (indicating they have animal blood within their system) or a startling shade of crimson (consistent with human blood). When entering this life there are those who are considered to have talents, dominant traits in their human life that are carried over and manifest as some form of gift in the next. These talents can include the illusion of pain, clairvoyance, tactile telepathy so on an so forth. Talents such as these are considered to be exceedingly rare, as many of those that are brought over do not contain such an ability. Whether or not two vampires can have the same talent or not is unknown, however there can be variations of a particular talent. My naivety with the situation at hand is beyond startling, was I simply content with this meager scrap of knowledge that would barely cover a page had it been written down! How was I satisfied by this insignificant amount of information for so long? I turned my gaze from his tousled, ashen hair, towards the fresco painted in a multitude of colours across the vast domed ceiling of the chamber, before turning my vacant gaze to peer through the arching stained glass window to look at the leaden sky above, watching the scant shafts of light cast down onto the city below between the breaks in the clouds before disappearing once more. Overcast days in Italy were few and far between, it appears however today one of those days it seems. I didn't mind it though, as the somber sky fitted my somber mood perfectly. I've chewed on my lip when thinking ever since I can remember, it seems that particular trait is not lost on me today, as I chew on my lip thoughtfully, content in the knowledge that no one would bother me. Was it simply the thrill that a being of incomparable beauty was even able to spare a glance my way? There were others more comely than I, whether that is humans or vampires. Was I so enamored by him and all that he stood for that I simply forgot about all the progress I had made in my attempt to understand his vampiric nature? Maybe it was my fascination of a creature that should simply not exist, and out of the billions of people who currently walk this earth, I had been the one to look past the veil of ignorance only to discover a whole other race right beside my own; not only that but to be allowed entrance into that world was something else entirely. Could that have been what caused me to forget everything I had learned and just drop it all no questions asked? Why was it that every time Caius tried to remind me that his existence was no existence at all, that he claimed himself to be a monster, and yet every time I quietened him not entertaining the idea that he could ever be what he claimed, no matter how many times he tried. Always I told him that in order to be a monster he would have to be truly heartless, and that no monster could be so kind and gentle as he was with me. From that moment on there was a gleam in his eye every time I caught him looking at me, a flicker of an unidentified emotion passing through those pitch depths leaving just as swiftly as its arrival. It was a frightening prospect, especially looking back on past encounters with each other, that maybe it wasn't such an impossibility after all. Was it simply better to be kept in the dark and all the secrets it