Welcome to another of my fanfictions and if you are new WELCOME! Okay this story is going to be going through a very slow updating process so if you don't like waiting don't even try to read this till it's done. Now enjoy. I walk through Diagon Alley looking through the shop windows. My first year at Hogwarts is tomorrow and my godfather is too busy to help me shop for supplies being a professor at the school himself. I slowly, hesitantly walk into Ollivanders Wand Shop finally ready to get my wand. The last thing on my list... other than possibly getting a pet. I tuck my list into the back pocket of my pants and set my magic bottomless purse down. For my birthday my godfather had bought me the purse and told me I would most likely need it for the years to come in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I look around the front of the story to see I'm the only one here. I hesitate to speak, to call out for the mysterious wand maker thinking over my godfathers offer from the day before as I fiddle with my necklace from my eight birthday. I sit in the kitchen reading one of the many potion books my father's study has to offer when he walks into the kitchen his robes still as he walks slowly as if trying to delay the inevitable. "Still afraid of the year to come?" I ask teasingly pushing a few strands of hair back behind my ear. He lets out a sigh and turns to me his dark eyes warming as they fall upon me. "Don't I always?" He groans. "Yes, yes you do." I answer with a laugh. "But this year I'll be going to Hogwarts and you won't be so lonely." I whisper watching him over my shoulder. He rolls his eyes then turns to the glasses cabinet. "I'm planning on going to get my school supplies soon anything I should be warned about?" I ask as I turn back to my book. I hear the cabinet close and glass touch down on the counter. "Get everything at once. I'd start by getting your books, go early or they'll run out, you won't be the only last minute shopper. Most students will be eager to get their wands so they'll go there first. Speaking of wands you don't have to get your wand from Ollivander. I know another excellent wand maker if you wish for a more... personalized wand." He informs me and I look over at him. "Really?" I ask. "Yes it's the same wand maker I got my wand from." He admits as he walks over to the fridge and pulls out a jug of milk. I nod my head a little before I turn back to my book. "I'll think about it and tell you what I think later." I shake my head and look around again. 'Do you really want your wand from here?' I pick up my stuff and walk back out the door and look around. Its only one twenty seven in the afternoon but hundreds of people are moving about as kids run around chasing one another. I begin to head back to the floo network as people run around calling out to their friends. I get knocked to the ground by a cheerful red head with freckles on his face. He yells at someone and when I look there's another red head who looks exactly like him. The one in front of me turns to me and offers a hand as everyone else continues on their way some kicking me as they do. I slowly take his hand and he helps me up off of the ground with surprising ease. "Hi the names George sorry 'bout knockin' yea off your feet there me and my brother weren't watching where we were shoving." He explains as his ears burn red. Cute. "Its alright. Names Hailey, nice to meet you George." I offer him my hand and he takes it happily. "Nice to meet you too. So you still shopping? I can help to repay you for knockin' you down like that." He offers but I shake my head. "I'm finished. Been here since 'bout seven thirty this morn' gettin' ready for school." I explain as his smile wavers a bit. "An early bird I see." He chuckles. "Yeah." Something my godfather got me used to. I nod my head and watch as the boys twin grabs his arm. "Come on George stop flirting with the girl mom's probably lookin' for us." He says and George's ears begin to burn red. "Fred!" George yells mortified as I feel heat rush up to my cheeks. "No no it's fine I've gotta go any how toodaloo." I jump in quickly. I make my way back to the floo network quickly and grab some floo powder then step into the fire calling out my destination. When the flames vanish I begin to brush the ash off of myself before stepping out and rushing out of the living room to the hall. The hall has few pictures in it but the ones that are still there watch me move along. I give a small nod to some of them and they smile at me gently having watched me grow up and run through there hall with a fearful squeal every time I need to reach my room, the kitchen, or the living room. Once I reach the stairs I take them two at a time then once at the top I open my bed room door and step in the warmth of my room versus the warmth of the rest of the house is amazing it's as if I've left the cool spring and entered a comfortably warm summer. I close my door and walk over to my bed, dropping my stuff on to it, before I fall to the floor my legs tired. I pull my trunk out from underneath my bed and open it to see everything the way I left it. I stand up and open my purse and frown as I stick my hand in and begin to search for my school robes. About ten minutes later my bag is up to my shoulder as I dig around for my robes still. A soft chuckle from behind me causes me to let the bag slip off of my arm and fall to the floor as I spin around to see Severus watching me. "Do you have to do that?" I snap angrily, finally fed up with my bag my annoyance getting to me. In response he raises an eyebrow but he doesn't tell me to mind my manners or to direct my anger somewhere else. "Do what?" He asks as he bends over and picks up my bag. "Move without making a single sound? I mean sure I understand why you do it when I'm breaking the rules but still." I growl crossing my arms over my chest before I sit down on my bed. Behind him I can see myself in my mirror but it doesn't help me feel better any. My cheeks are burning a bright red as my wavy red hair runs down my shoulders framing my pale face and bright green eyes that burn in anger. "Yes, yes I do." He offers before waving his hand over my bag. "Robes to me." He states calmly and before my eyes my robes shoot up out of the bag then into his hand. "Why didn't you tell me it's could do that?" I growl as he hands the bag and clothes over to me. "Thought you'd figure it out yourself." He admits with a shrug of his shoulders. "So where's your wand?" He asks and I shake my head. "I didn't like the look of Ollivanders store plus I really do want a custom wand." I admit and he smiles. "Alright then we'll go right now. He should have it done by tomorrow and if not then it should be done the next day and I'll hand it to you then." He informs me and I nod my head as he leads me out of my room. I follow him quickly and quietly out of the house thinking over what the next day will bring. 'Slytherin, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, or Ravenclaw? Slytherin, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, or Ravenclaw? Slytherin, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, or Ravenclaw?' I repeat over and over again as we walk down the side walk side by side in the slum. He turns left and leads me into an empty alleyway before he grabs my arm. "Hold on." He states before he spins on the spot. Everything vanishes and I feel as if my head is being smashed and pull all at the same time. My ears pop then everything is still. The scene has changed now. We no longer stand in a bright alleyway, now we stand in a dark shadowed alleyway as the sounds of night awaken. Severus lets go of my arm and begins to walk off and I quickly follow him across the empty street to a store on the other side all lights on. He opens the front door and let's me in first. Once I step in I get an overwhelming welcoming feeling that calms me down. "Hang on I'll be out in a second." I hear someone yell out from the back. A man, a bit shorter than Severus, walks out of the back of the store his eyes a bright blue and a happy smile on his face. "Ah Severus don't tell me you've finally blown up your wand making potions." The man says with a laugh. He's a cheery man with bright red cheeks reminding me of what I look like after having a snow fight. "Almost my old friend. Today we're here to make a custom wand." Severus explains step to the side so the man can see me. "Ah I see. Well come this way Ms?" He asks and I blush a little. "Emma Evans." I answer softly glancing over at Severus who nods his head reassuringly. "Alright Ms. Evans lets see what your wand wood(s) and core(s) are." He says and I smile nervously as he pulls out two boxes but I can't flush my nervousness away. "Now when choosing you must not look the wood(s) and core(s) will call to you. It is quite alright if you pull out two of either one it happens with some." He explains before opening the first lid a bit. I lift my hand and slip it in and freeze. I feel to strong forces pulling on my hands and I go to them then remove my hand quickly to see what I've pulled. "Holly. Corresponds to one of the months of the Celtic calendar, from July 8th to August 4th. Your birth month is one of the two I presume?" I nod my head quickly and look back down again. "Mahogany. Powerful and good for when doing Transfiguration." He informs me and I look up again. "Now the core my dear." He states as he puts the wand woods container back. I do the same as before but end up pulling out three cores making me wonder if something has gone wrong. "Unicorn tail hair, very common. Consistent magic, bonds strongly to its first user. Thunderbird tail feather. Extremely powerful, difficult for just anyone to master, my dear, particularly prized by strong Transfigurers. White River Monster spine. Produces spells of force and elegance." He finishes with a nod of his head and a gentle smile. "From the sound of things I believe you'll be a strong young witch madam." "Is it... odd that I've pulled three cores and not one or two?" I ask and he looks at me thoughtfully. "Not completely. You're not the first I've had who's pulled three wand cores." He admits and I feel myself calm some.