Disclaimer: All rights go to JK Rowling. Anything you don't recognize is mine. Confession: I love the Marauders too much. I physically cannot stop myself from writing about them. Thus, this story was born. Chapter One: Mudbloods and Other Assorted Curses I was staring at him – again. It was by sheer accident though, totally harmless and innocent, an honest mistake. At least, that was what I kept telling myself, though the argument started to lose its integrity after I had repeated it to myself for the fourteenth time since finishing my exam. The large hourglass at the front of the Great Hall was running low, the sand trickling into the bottom at an alarming rate, and those who weren't finished with the essay portion of the Defense Against the Dark Arts exam were beginning to scribble furiously, rushed for time. I flicked my eyes away from him long enough to catch a glimpse of Severus Snape with his hooked nose pressed nearly flat against his parchment, his pale spider-like hand twitching his quill rapidly to form words, and I balked as I noticed he had written almost two whole feet of parchment. I had only managed one and a half, and I was slightly miffed about it now that I saw how much he had written. "Five more minutes!" I jumped at the sound of Professor Flitwick's squeaky voice; the Hall was completely silent, save for the mad scratching of quills and the occasional rustles of papers, and his voice was like a tiny trumpet call in the great room. Those who were still writing became harried and flushed, and I watched them in some amusement, drumming my fingertips on top of my desk. I had finished my exam almost twenty minutes ago, which was why I wasn't cramming sentences together like a lunatic ( ahem, Snape). I was a little bit nervous that I had finished so quickly, and I couldn't help wondering if I had gotten everything wrong despite thinking it was one of the easiest exams I had taken this week. Maybe it was easy because I was wrong. Or was it easy because I knew all the material already? Maybe I had gotten my concepts mixed up. There was that one question about the distinguishing traits of a werewolf that I hadn't been so sure about… Enough, G, I scolded myself internally. You're freaking out over nothing. I made a visible effort to relax myself, letting out the breath I had been holding and rolling my shoulders, trying to get the stiffness out of them. My brothers liked to joke that my posture was so straight because I had fallen on a meter stick when I was a child and it had gone up my…well, you know where, but they'd be as stiff as I was if they had had half the pressure placed on them as on me. I was the perfect child, the Ravenclaw, the prodigy. Anything less than flawless was a great travesty in my parents' eyes, but since my brothers were all Gryffindors, they got the free pass. I glanced around the Hall out of boredom, determined to keep my eyes away from him. Two rows to my right and three behind sat my best friend, Florence Bellchant. She was staring at her parchment, unblinking, and several of her chestnut curls were sticking out at odd angles, probably from when she had gripped her hair desperately, as she did whenever she got too nervous. I had to roll my eyes at her antics; we had spent the last two nights revising for this exam, and I knew she had understood all the material, but I also knew that that wasn't going to stop her from worrying. It was practically a part of her personality at this point. My eyes swept from desk to desk, pausing on anyone I knew or glossing over them completely. Discreetly tilting my head left, I let my gaze drift over the boy sitting two seats away from me, trying not to make my observation of him too noticeable. Remus Lupin was another Gryffindor and fellow Prefect, but also my competitor; we had been battling for the top spot in the class since our first year, and I glared at him from where I sat, watching him reread his answers as he scratched his chin with his quill. He looked a bit pale and peaky, and I felt smug at this, hoping his nervousness was costing him – not severely, of course, but just a few points to ensure that I had the better score. Not too far away from Lupin sat mousy Peter Pettigrew, who was chewing on his nails and occasionally darting his eyes to his neighbor's paper, adding something new to his parchment after each glance, but I wasn't surprised; Pettigrew lacked talent, and after catching him cheating off me in Transfiguration third year, I had disliked him ever since. At first it had been a mystery to me as to why he hung around blokes like Lupin, who were so far out of his league, but I had to give the Gryffindor credit; if you were going to be insignificant, you might as well find some mates who made you look better than you really were. A loud crack drew my attention away from Pettigrew, and I looked to see another one of his more talented friends, James Potter, seated further in front of me, tilting his head from side to side and popping his neck. He set down his quill and reached up to rumple his already messy hair, and after sneaking a glance at Professor Flitwick, he turned around and grinned at a boy sitting four seats behind him, and two before me. Bugger. Of course, he would look at him. It was like the messy-haired boy had read my thoughts and was now taunting me with the one thing I had told myself to stop doing. I couldn't help myself though; I had to see. I shifted my gaze to the back of his head, my stomach experiencing the same sharp jolt it got whenever I saw him – Sirius Black. He was lounging casually in his chair, tilting it back on two legs, and he shook out his mane of wavy black locks, my heart skipping several beats at the motion. He gave the thumbs-up to Potter, and I found myself staring at his hand, marveling at the olive tone of it and the graceful elegance of his fingers. They looked like they belonged on a piano player, but they were far too rough for that, calloused and worn from being a Beater on the Gryffindor Quidditch team. He dropped his hand as Professor Flitwick turned back around, and I shifted my gaze away hastily, hoping no one had seen me practically drooling over the dark-haired boy. I doubted anyone had actually noticed; Florence was the only one who knew of my guilty little pleasure, and I intended to keep it that way. Let me be absolutely clear about one thing: I did not fancy Sirius Black. In fact, I'd rather have a fascinating fixation of fanged puffskeins than him. It was no desire of mine to shack up with him in a broom cupboard at night like he was rumored to do with a new girl almost every week, and even so, he had no idea who I was. I had never spoken to him before, and the only contact we had ever had was in second year, when all this madness had started: he had bumped into me in the corridor once, barely sparing me a glance before muttering, "Sorry," and trotting off with his mates. Ever since then, I had made cringeworthy efforts to seek him out, only to admire him from afar. I was perfectly content with him not giving me the time of day. It would spare everyone in the vicinity considerable embarrassment. He was just someone you couldn't help noticing, like a star twinkling out at you from the vastness of space and being the only thing you saw for hundreds of miles. His devastating good looks, his Quidditch talent, his brains, his charm…he had it all. Unfortunately, he knew it too, and that was why I kept far away from him. I didn't need someone like that to wreck all my life's plans on a whim; he was a rebel at heart, and no one could change that. I needed stability and sanity, and he needed… Well, someone who wasn't me. "Quills down, please!" squeaked Professor Flitwick. "That means you too, Stebbins! Please remain seated while I collect your parchment! Accio!" More than a hundred rolls of parchment zoomed into the air and into Professor Flitwick's outstretched arms, knocking him backward off his feet. Several people laughed. A couple of students at the front desks got up, took hold of Professor Flitwick beneath the elbows, and lifted him onto his feet again. "Thank you…thank you," panted Professor Flitwick, waving his wand and vanishing the pile of papers to somewhere they would be graded. "Very well, everybody, you're free to go!" I jumped to my feet, hastily stashing my quill and the exam question paper into my bag and slinging it over my shoulder. I watched as Black stood and stretched luxuriously, and I'm sure an audible sigh escaped my lips as he went to join Potter, Lupin, and Pettigrew. "I knew I should've expected to find you making heart eyes at Black." I turned quickly at the sound of the voice, my face flushing as Florence raised her brows at me, a half-amused, half-exasperated smirk on her face. "I wasn't making heart eyes," I insisted, casting a nervous look around us, but no one was paying any attention. "Please, I'm surprised you could even focus on your exam with him sitting two seats in front of you," she said, rolling her eyes as the talk in the Hall swelled, people beginning to stream out in great crowds. "It was a challenge, but I rose to meet it with grace and resilience," I said, and she laughed, shaking her head. "C'mon, stalker, I see Hess and Sera." We wound our way through the rows of desks until we caught up to the other two girls who shared our dorm, Hestia Jones and Seraphina Selwyn. Hestia waved when she saw us, but Sera was chattering on as we approached, her voice reaching an octave that resembled Professor Flitwick's squeak. "I know I messed up on Noval's Theory of Counterproductive Defensive Spells – my mind just blanked! And question thirty-eight I didn't understand at all — " "Florence, Georgie!" Hestia said, cutting off Sera's rambling with a relieved expression. "How'd it go?" Florence shrugged. "Not too shabby." I scoffed, nudging her shoulder. "You were practically pulling out clumps of your hair at one point, Flo. Don't act blasé." "I'm sorry that not all of us are at the top of the class, Miss Perfect," she said, rolling her eyes, and I only gave her an indulgent smile in return. "Well, I guess we'll all find out our scores over the summer, after we take Transfiguration first, of course," Hestia said, tucking a strand of black hair behind her ear. "This means that we're almost done with OWLs! We should celebrate!" Sera perked up at the word 'celebrate.' "Soiree by the lake?" We all exchanged a glance, not even needing to confirm our unanimous answer out loud, and we giggled, falling into place amongst the exiting students and speculating what kind of party the fifth year Ravenclaws would be having later that week due to the blessed end of OWLs. I snuck a quick glance over my shoulder, a shock of excitement going through me when I saw that the four Gryffindor boys were walking behind us, laughing uproariously at something that Lupin had said. I could see students all around us gazing to the famously