Disclaimer: All rights go to JK Rowling. Anything you don't recognize is mine. It's me, back with another Marauders fic! This is, quite literally, the story nobody asked for, but it's something new for me to try and I hope that you will all enjoy it nonetheless. Happy reading! Chapter One: Rumor Has It If you ever heard the name Taylor Aster, a few things would probably go through your mind, some of which weren't the most flattering. "Oh, that's that one Slytherin, right? The scary tall one who looks like she'd gut you using only her fingernail?" "Isn't that the half-blood the hat Sorted into Slytherin? The one who's brother was Sorted into Hufflepuff? Yeah, I bet she's real scary." "I heard she dared Davey Gudgeon to touch the base of the Whomping Willow and he almost lost his eye." "I'm pretty sure I saw her dragging a body into the Forbidden Forest once. Do you think she's a serial killer?" While most of those things were true (except for the body – well, partially, but we'll get to that later), that isn't the whole story of who I am. It never is, really; people only see what they want to see, and it wasn't until a year later that another one of my scandals would come to the forefront once someone mentioned my name. "Doesn't she fancy a Gryffindor?" Stories get twisted. The truth warps into lies, and those lies spread as rumors. There are a hundred and one stories about how exactly this came to be – the Slytherin who began to fancy the pants off a Gryffindor – but I'm going to tell you the only one that is the truth, and nothing but the truth. This is the story nobody asked for – after all, lies are always more entertaining than the truth. But as the days grow darker and the war gets more dangerous, I figure I should tell it the way it is – the way I saw it through my own eyes. It all started when Emma Vanity challenged me to break Remus Lupin's heart. "Jacob Henry Aster, if you don't start moving those feet faster, I'm going to plant one of mine up your arse!" "My trunk's heavy!" My twelve-year-old brother complained, puffing along behind me as we dashed through King's Cross Station pushing our trolleys at breakneck speed. Ugh, bloody Hufflepuff. They were such softies. "You know what's gonna make it heavier?" I asked, steering my trolley through the crowd of Muggles clogging the place and ignoring their scandalized looks as we barreled through. "Dragging your trunk all the way to Hogwarts because we missed the bloody train!" I could hear him muttering something very unflattering under his breath, and I made a mental note to ask him where the bloody hell he learned that kind of language. As we kept ducking and weaving through people, I tripped on my shoelace – of course – and shouted a panicked, "Fuck!" Oh. Maybe that's where he learned that kind of language. Finally, the platform we had been running towards appeared in view – or, at least, the barrier. The brick wall separating platforms 9 and 10 grew closer with each step, and I glanced at my watch: 10:58. We had two minutes to board that bloody train, and if Jacob didn't step on it — 10:59. Merlin, if I missed the train, Davey would never let me live it down… We passed through the barrier with thirty seconds to spare, and I breathed a sigh of relief as we emerged onto Platform 9 ¾, the scarlet steam engine billowing smoke into the already thick air . Jacob nearly collapsed behind me, his round face red and beaded with sweat. I clapped him on the shoulder. "All right, go find a compartment with all your bumblebee mates," I said, referencing the Hufflepuffs, whose school colors were yellow and black. An unfortunate combination, if you ask me. "And what are the rules?" My brother gave me a dry look that was reminiscent of mine. Damn, I needed to watch myself around him more. "Don't talk to you or your mates, don't associate with any of the Slytherins, and don't eat more than three Chocolate Frogs or else I'll be sick." "Atta boy," I said, ruffling his hair, and he batted my hand away, though he was smiling slightly. "Now, go on; scram." He looked around nervously before tugging on my sleeve. I raised a brow at him, hoping whatever he had to say he'd make it quick. Most of the students had already boarded the Hogwarts Express, and I wasn't keen on having to search for a compartment forever. "Can I hug you before we go back?" he whispered, and I couldn't help my smile. Hufflepuff though he was, I loved my brother more than anything. It wasn't often I got to show him, either. When he started Hogwarts the year before and got Sorted into Hufflepuff, I had made myself a vow that I would protect him as much as I could from my own House. It was bad enough that I was a half-blood trapped in a place where pure-bloods were placed on a pedestal and lauded as better than everyone else, and though I had kicked and clawed my way to a better standing amongst them, I didn't want to give them any ammunition to use against me, my brother being one of them. So to protect him, I had to act like I didn't care – and trust me when I say it's one of the hardest things I have ever done. "Yeah, 'course," I said, wrapping my arms around his shoulders as he briefly squeezed around my middle. Sheesh, this kid was going to be tall. I was taller than average myself, my height only more pronounced due to the heeled shoes I always wore, but his head was already up to my chest. Oh, wait, gross. We seemed to realize this issue at the same time, for he suddenly drew back from me, looking slightly repulsed. Little prat. "Love you," I said as he wheeled his trolley towards the train. "And behave, and get good marks!" He only waved over his shoulder, and I watched him go before he was lost in the throng of first-time parents still clogging the platform. Figuring I should get a move on, I turned my own trolley and began jogging down the length of the train, searching for any sign of someone I knew in a compartment just as the conductor blew the whistle from behind me. Shite! That meant the train was about to start leaving. I didn't have any more time to look; I just had to get on and pray that I wasn't about to enter a car full of Gryffindors. Fuck it, I thought, swinging a door open and beginning to shove my things inside. Luckily, I didn't have to worry about a cage or anything; Jacob had been the one to get an owl when he had turned eleven, but I had preferred not to have an animal at all. They were too much work, and honestly? They stank to high hell. I clambered aboard just as the engine began to chug, slamming the door behind me and thanking Morgana that I had made it. "If you wouldn't mind finding a compartment, miss?" the conductor said, skirting around me and making sure the door I had just come through was secure. "The Express is set for departure, and we wouldn't want any mishaps." He smiled kindly at me, though his lips twitched beneath his ridiculous moustache once he saw my face – not that I blamed him. I decided long ago that if I was going to play the part of the 'scary Slytherin' I had to look like it, hence the overly long ash blonde hair and the thick black liner surrounding my eyes, giving me a heavy-lidded effect (hey, if it worked for Bellatrix Black, it could work for me too). "There's room for one more in this compartment," he said, avoiding my gaze and instead taking my things. "Right this way." I entered the compartment warily behind him, the girls within who had been chattering a moment before falling silent, tension suddenly thick in the air. I nearly groaned aloud when I saw the five Gryffindor girls from my year all staring at me with expressions ranging from apprehension to outright dislike: Lily Evans, Marlene McKinnon, Alice Fortescue, Mary MacDonald, and Dorcas Meadowes. Bloody wonderful. "If you'll take a seat, miss," the conductor said, pointing to the only open seat available, which was next to McKinnon. "Once we get out of London you'll be able to move compartments if you so wish." You can count on that, I thought, but instead I only gave him a slight nod – a dismissal. The Slytherin had come back out to play. He exited the compartment, sliding the door shut behind him, and I plopped into the seat next to McKinnon, aware that all eyes were on me. "Anyone got a copy of Witch Weekly?" I drawled. "I love looking at the monthly horoscopes." "Er, yeah, here," Fortescue said reluctantly, reaching into her bag, but her movement was cut off by Meadowes's sharp voice. "What are you doing in here?" she asked, her large eyes narrowed into slits that were raking me over with suspicion. "Shouldn't you be with the other snakes?" "I was late for the train, Meadowes," I replied blandly, already bored by their caution. "You heard Conductor Pornstache; once we're out of London I'll move to a different compartment, and perhaps I'll even make it in time to join in on the Salazar Slytherin worshipping tradition that we do at the beginning of every year." MacDonald and Fortescue exchanged uneasy glances while Meadowes just looked annoyed. McKinnon edged further away from me, but the only one who didn't react was Evans. She hadn't glanced once my way since I had sat down, and I bit back a sneer; perfect Evans, who was shoved so far up her own arse she couldn't see anyone else but herself. I turned back to Fortescue, who visibly shrank back from my steely gaze. "So, how 'bout that Witch Weekly , Fortescue?" She hurriedly took out the glossy magazine and passed it over, nearly throwing herself back into her seat. Huh. Some Gryffindor. She was going to have to get over her skittishness if she wanted to be an Auror, as she had declared during our career counseling sessions last year. The only way I knew that was because I had peeked through the file, of course, but no one else needed to know that. Once the Gryffindors determined that I was safe enough reading my magazine and wasn't about to whip out my wand and curse them all, they started up their chatter again, and unconsciously I began listening in, a habit I had fallen into since my first year. It was all idle chat, nothing serious: what they did over the holiday, what N.E.W.T courses they were taking, blah, blah, blah. The only thing really worth eavesdropping on was when they started talking about crushes. Now that was information I could use. "Did you see Emmeline Vance on the platform?" Meadowes was saying. "Her arse looked amazing in that skirt." "Wasn't she seeing that Stebbins bloke at the end of last year, though?" MacDonald said. "Oh, they ended their fling over summer," Meadowes replied, waving her hand flippantly. "But I think I'm going to go for it; she went out with Sharon Kays in fourth year, remember?" The girls let out collective "oohs" and nodded enthusiastically, urging her to take her chance. I had to refrain from rolling my eyes, still pretending to be interested in this year's 'Hottest Robes for Fall' article. "What about you, Lily?" McKinnon said with a devilish grin. "I know Potter's