Disclaimer: All rights go to JK Rowling. Anything you don't recognize is mine. Welcome! Since joining this website, I told myself that I would never try and tackle a Harry Potter fic, but fate has a funny way of working out. This is not my first fan fiction, but it IS my first for HP, so bear with me - it's been a while since I've been truly active in this fandom. With that being said, please feel free to leave any comments or feedback - it helps me out immensely to know what you guys think! Chapter One: The Invisible Girl Cassie Alderfair does not remember much of her past four years at Hogwarts. It wasn't as if her memory had been Obliviated, or she was suddenly diagnosed with a severe case of amnesia. It was simply because she kept her head down and minded her own business, and remained as inconspicuous as possible. Her name was not on any award in the trophy room, and her grades were average at best. In fact, if one were to inquire about her to any student in the school prior to her fourth year, they would probably have received blank looks and confused frowns. The only reason why she wasn't an equivalent of a Hogwarts ghost (and even then, more people knew of Nearly Headless Nick and the Fat Friar than her) was because of her surname. Despite her best attempts at anonymity, the name Alderfair had a certain ring in the Wizarding world that was hard to shake. Perhaps it was because of her father, a prominent figure on the Wizengamot, or maybe her mother, who was an editor of the famous Witch Weekly magazine. Or perhaps because the Alderfair family was one of the only pureblood families left in England, and on top of that, were very outspoken sympathizers of the Death Eaters' cause, led by the man they called Lord Voldemort, the name whispered in the backs of pubs and the Ministry alike. It was no secret that the Alderfairs approved of this 'Lord Voldemort' (or, more accurately, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named), this point being especially proven when at the end of her third year her elder brother, William, finished his seventh and final year at Hogwarts and was recruited right into the Death Eaters' ranks. That in itself had stirred quite a controversy at the school, remarkably so as Cassie and her brother had both been Sorted into Gryffindor. It was something much more expected of a Slytherin, but as Cassie had begun to see it, people were surprising – even those dearest to you. Fortunately, the talk had petered out by the end of her fourth year, and after another boring summer holiday, she was ready to go back to her invisible self for her fifth. The morning of September the first dawned a clear and watery grey, and at approximately 10:13 AM, if one were to look directly at the wall separating platforms 9 and 10 in the King's Cross Station in London, they might have seen a surly teenage girl wheeling a cart with a trunk and an owl in a cage walk right into the wall and disappear, closely followed by a woman wearing very strange and very bright clothing. Cassie blinked and found herself back in the usual chaos of Platform 9 ¾, where students ran up and down greeting friends they had not seen over the holiday, and frazzled parents were left to deal with their children's luggage. Smoke from the Hogwarts Express drifted over all their heads, adding an opaqueness to the scene, and Osbourne, Cassie's sleek-feathered brown owl, hooted at all the sudden noise and presence of other animals. "Well, come on, then, dear," Eleanor Alderfair said, gripping Cassie's upper arm and ushering her towards the train, not heeding the attention the dazzling woman was receiving in her fuchsia robes and the exotic-feathered quill tucked behind her right ear. "Mum, I've done this before," Cassie said sullenly, tugging her arm out of her mother's grasp and scowling. "I'm not a child anymore." "Of course you're not," Eleanor replied absentmindedly, returning the enthusiastic wave of a witch who must read her magazine, and Cassie resisted the urge toroll her eyes as she walked to an empty compartment where she could load her things. She found one more toward the back, where she could avoid the thickest crowd of students clustered in the middle, and turned when she reached it. "Well, bye, Mum," she said, and returned Eleanor's sudden embrace half-heartedly as she heard her mother sigh. "Goodbye, pumpkin," she said, pulling away dramatically and giving her a wide, pink-lipped smile. "Daddy sends his love, as well, and he hopes you have another great year." "Tell him thanks, and I love him, too," Cassie said, if only to appease her; since starting school, the only consistent contact she had with her father were letters throughout the school year, and even those were rare. The Ministry was his first home at this point, and after her and her father's argument at the beginning of the summer… Well, she wasn't surprised that she was receiving this secondhand goodbye. "We'll see you home for Christmas, then," Eleanor said, kissing her daughter's forehead lightly and beaming at her. "Be safe, pumpkin, and write us if you need anything. I have to go, the office needs me, but write, you hear me, young lady?" "Yeah, got it," Cassie said, forcing a smile in return as Eleanor blew a last kiss before hurrying away, out of sight amongst the throng of parents still clogging the platform to see their children off. Cassie huffed out a sigh, more from irritation at having to load her heavy luggage alone than at her mother. Eleanor was a summer storm; there one moment and gone the next, but Cassie was used to it. She had learned to look out for herself from a very young age because of this, and her independence was something she valued greatly. She opened the outer compartment door and first took Osbourne off the cart, as he was the lightest thing. The owl tittered and flapped his wings in annoyance when she put him inside on one of the seats, and Cassie gave him a dry look. "Stop fretting, Ozzy," she said. "I'll let you roam about in a moment." The owl glared at her with amber eyes, and she rolled her own as she hopped back out of the compartment, trying to figure out the best way to get her trunk in there by herself. She lifted one of the ends experimentally and cursed when it slid and rammed into her knee, a sharp breath sucking through her teeth as it began to throb. "C'mon," she moaned, when she tried to push it next, but to no avail. She was just about to pull out her wand and jinx it to get into the stupid compartment (wondering if that was even legal; after all, wasn't the Hogwarts Express technically part of school grounds?), when a voice behind her said, "Having trouble?" Cassie spun around, her face pinching into a puzzled expression when she saw who the person was; the last time she had seen him, he had been hightailing it away from Filch's office on the last day of the term with the rest of his juvenile friends, his face screwed up in laughter as Filch screamed about "pants" and "fire." Sirius Black had not changed much over the summer holiday, as far as she could tell. He still had the same shaggy black hair, grey eyes, and crooked grin, with the only noticeable differences being that he had grown at least two inches, and his smile was cockier than she had remembered it – which was a feat in itself. Sirius was in her year at Hogwarts, and in the same House, and after seeing that smirking face nearly every day, she was surprised it could even get any more smirking. "I can manage," she said shortly, proving her point spectacularly when she attempted to lift her trunk again and promptly dropped it on her foot. "I see that," he said amusedly, raising a brow when she swore violently. "Here, budge over, or else you'll end up in Madam Pomfrey's before the term even starts." Cassie wanted to protest, but the pain in her foot made her stand back and watch as he hoisted her trunk in both hands and loaded it into the compartment with apparent ease, climbing back out and giving her a wide grin that she did not return. "Thanks," she mumbled, about to board, as well, when his voice stopped her. "Hey," he said, gazing at her quizzically when she turned back. "You're a Gryffindor, right?" Cassie nodded, already preparing herself for the recognition, but he only tilted his head, seeming to study her carefully. "Are you a fourth year?" Cassie glared at him, wondering if he was being serious or just a berk, but he looked at her as if he genuinely didn't know who she was. "For the record, I'm in your year," she said haughtily. "I've sat behind you in pretty much every class for the past four years." His eyes widened at this, and finally, recognition dawned on his features as he began to say, "Cass—" She didn't let him finish, already climbing aboard the train and shutting the compartment door in his face, her shoulders tense and her face flushing with mortification. She knew she wasn't very well-known around Hogwarts, but to not be recognized by one of her own classmates? That was a new low, even for her. She looked back to the window, her eyes raking the platform, but Sirius Black had already gone. She saw him standing with three other boys on the platform, talking to a set of parents that had to be James Potter's, Sirius's best friend, as the man was the spitting image of his dark-haired son. Cassie watched James dodge another hug from his mother, instead turning her embrace on Sirius and the other two boys, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew, before the train whistle blew a shrill warning and they jogged to their compartment, laughing and jostling each other as the Potters waved at them from the platform. Cassie felt strange, watching this encounter, and instead turned her attention to the cage Osbourne was still in, unlatching the door and allowing the owl to hop out and stretch his wings. "Oh, Ozzy," she said, scratching the owl's head as the Hogwarts Express began to trundle out of the station, the many waving hands and faces of the parents beginning to blur together as the train picked up speed. "Why do I feel like this year is going to be complicated?" The morning passed in a haze of silence interspersed with small talk, as Cassie gained the companionship of a Ravenclaw in her year she had spoken to several times on occasion, by the name of Bellamy Armstrong. Bellamy was a quiet but observant girl, with curly brown hair and almond-shaped eyes, and she politely asked about Cassie's holiday and what she was looking forward to the most this term before retreating behind the cover of this year's Potions book. Cassie spent the rest of the train ride staring out the window and watching the countryside flash by, greens and browns and greys blending together as the day wore on. She munched on some Pumpkin Pasties she had bought from the trolley, and watched the tiny picture of Merlin pacing back and forth in his Chocolate Frog card before she grew tired of staring and stowed it away. Outside their quiet compartment, she could hear the shouts and laughter of the other students, but she tried to block out their noise, curling up in her seat and closing her eyes for a small nap, telling Bellamy to wake her when they got close to Hogsmeade. When next Cassie awoke, after having