Disclaimer::Wakabe Writing Firm doesn't own Lord of the Rings A/N: Isuzu has run off with our writer, but luckily, I was able to grab this from her before she was chained to her desk with the newest chapter of Rules. Hopefully, our little writer will be able to escape soon. Wish us luck.- Damon (Banshee Secretary, Wakabe Writing Firm) Death Dare Not Part This is the end. A screaming comes through the skies. The light of angry red flashes across the heavens. The wind rips into the earth below, tearing up all that dares to defy its might. Violence and destruction take hold of the land, leaving none in its path untouched by its cruel hands. There is a howling, a growling, a groaning, a moaning. There is no peace here. There is no love. There is only violence and hate so raw that not even this grandiose display of pure power and fury can show the extent of it wrath, the far-reaching consequences of those in a land east of here, where death has claimed many, and those left alive are faced with an inevitable doom. This is the beginning. There is no one left in that world of darkness, no one that dares to survey the land that was once their home. Better for them all to pretend to be dead, to be at peace, than to be in a land that can offer them nothing more. Better to close their eyes and sleep and dream of days gone by, of a life untouched by the evil of that battle, by the damning actions of a king that should have let go of a cursed treasure taken from his enemy. It was better for them all to pretend that this was all a dream, that there was nothing left, that if they stayed still long enough, could ignore the pain of their wounds and the suffering of their stomachs, that they could join their brethren in an eternal slumber that was not yet ready for them. This is life after the end, when all seems lost. But they do eventually rise again, shaking off the dirt and dust of fires and ashes and death and decay. They know that they cannot stay here, that this land is forsaken, even if only until it no longer brings them the pain of who lie buried beneath them, if indeed they are buried at all. Half heartily, they rummage through the wreckage, packed what they could and left the rest to rot, hoping that when they returned, if they returned, that there would be no trace of what once was there. They could not stay, when it would do no good for anyone, when it would make the sacrifices of brothers and fathers and uncles and husbands and sons be in vain, because those that survived them decided to join them before their time. Because though for some, life no longer held enough meaning to continue, that they would leave to pass out of these lands, and escape the heavy burden time and surviving those that died and should have lived. This is the growth of new life, small, fragile, but defiant of all odds, ignoring the call of extinction and destruction and death without rebirth. They now are in a new land, a new home, far from where they once lived, away from the reminders of battles and death and tragedy and loss. These are children that survived in the safety of their mother's wombs as their fathers died. They don't understand why it is that their mothers sometimes cry at night. They don't know why it is that they carry names that speak of loss and love. They don't know why it is that their uncles tell them stories about their fathers that they have never met. All they know is that something happened to papa, and now he isn't here, so mama is sad. They don't like the hurt they see in their mother's eyes, and they want to take it all away. But they can't, so they just do their best to give them a reason to smile, a reason to laugh, even if it means that they have to endure lots of kisses and cuddles and fretting. They just want to help, even if it just means being there. These are generations gone by, years without a king, a division between the lands, and an estrangement between kin and kingdoms. How long they had gone without a king was anyone's guess. Few bothered to remember, and those who did had their reasons for such. They eventually returned to the land of their ancestors, and some of them were able to keep the past behind them, as they tried to focus upon the needs of today, knowing that just to get to the next minute, they had to force themselves to breathe through the pain of being in a place that was once full of life and happiness and beloveds that were gone now, forever. These are childhoods filled with monsters that don't come from under the bed, and saviors that they are taught to fear. They all know of the Rangers of the North, the Dunedain that wander the lands, with their hoods up, and eyes like hawks, but more powerful, that pierce the soul and mind in a single glance, leaving many feeling unbalanced, swaying slightly in the wake of a roaring wind passing through their bodies and minds. It makes people unsettled, to see these haunted, silent figures as they walk through their towns, never staying very long, always moving, always wandering, blending into the shadows, appearing and disappearing. It makes everyone unsettled, because it is in this that they are confronted with just how vulnerable they truly are, how much they do not know, and how much danger they have placed themselves in, simply by living. This is death, which is not the end. This is life, which never truly starts. The passing of years and seasons, as life goes on and old wounds finally scar over, never gone, but no longer so painful. It is said that time heals all wounds, but for those that have survived their loved ones, they know this not to be true. All time does is make one accustomed to the pain, forces the bearer to learn to live with it or die from it. But in doing so, they give the future a hope, a chance. So they keep going, even when they do not wish to. All those who had been alive during those dark days were gone, their children gone as well. There was no one left alive that could speak of the horrors and terrors of that time that was mortal. Those that were immortal tended to keep themselves from the mortals, having known betrayal, or sorrow, or heartbreak, or pain from the Edain. These are small moments of perfection and paradise. The fire roaring, a family gathered around, laughter filling the air. A boy getting his first sword lesson, learning of honor and courage and his proud history. A mother holding her newborn child for the first time. A wedding long anticipated between lovers. Reunions, special moments. Things lost in time, small things that really mattered, because they led up to the creation of a person. These are the tragedies and anguish of life. Orcs that kill and plunder and destroy in the dark of night. Funerals for so many that died too young. Mothers and sisters and wives grieving, singing their laments to those that have gone. This is life after the light of your life has left, where breathing hurts and sleep never offers peace, only visions of death and destruction, and a love that is no more. Captured and tortured beings, who, if saved, will never recover from the blow dealt to their souls in those dark places, where not even love can truly reach them. This is the blossoming of something yet unnamed, foreign but familiar: something called Hope. Small and fragile moments, where it is sparked. It is so delicate, that even the slightest cold of despair could kill it. But still it survives, stubborn and determined to continue, to grow, to blossom into something more, something beautiful and wonderful: the fulfillment of Hope. They all know that it can be fulfilled. They know that there is more to life than this ever encroaching darkness and death that spreads from the east like a disease, destroying all in its path and leaving behind a wake of devastation and destruction and death. So they cling to hope, cling to it desperately, in the dark of the night, and the sound of screams in the mountains roll down, sending children into silent terrors they dare not give voice to, least they call down those monsters into their homes. They cling to hope when they send their boys off to learn the art of war and husbands into a battle that never ends. They cling to hope when they see the refugees come in from villages not far from them, where their brothers lived, and died. They cling to hope, because at times, it is all they have besides the never ending grief and sorrow and anger that comes from living in the days of growing darkness. This is trial and error, filled with pain and grief and hard lessons that leave everyone questioning the the world, wondering where the gods are, in their darkest hours, and why they are so alone, even among the throngs of people and life. Scrapped knees and small cuts, tended to by the loving hands of a mother. A broken arm from climbing up a tree and then plummeting to the ground. A deep sword wound to the arm, blood running hot and fast from the open cut. Broken ribs from falling off a horse. A hand severed from the rest of the body. An arrow to the chest, inches from the heart. The fallen bodies of brothers in arms and a family made from steel and sweat and blood oaths dead, with but two survivors, who would forever bear within their minds the burning memories of their fall, the screams, and the silence. This is love leaving, where the unknown and what-ifs come forth with a vengeance, and are almost enough to destroy. Letting go and staying behind is in itself a special hell. There is no strength more under appreciated, more sublime and true, than the strength it takes a mother to let go of her son to a way of life that will end in death. There is no purer love, than a wife who is willing to relinquish her hold on her husband as he kisses her one last time before jumping upon his horse, and leaving her behind. There are no words to describe the courage it takes for a daughter to wrap her small arms around her father's neck one last time, before smiling and pretending like she is still innocent to the ways of the world, to the death that she knows will be dogging her father's every step while he is away defending her. There are not enough words to describe what it is like to be left behind, isolated in a crowd of others, feeling torn because a part of your heart is out there, and might not ever come back. This is a returning home, even if only in body and not soul, or solely in spirit and not body. If they are able to return home under their own power, the joy that sweeps through them is overwhelming, profound, and soul deep. It does not know any bounds as it takes hold of their hearts and minds, a feeling of being whole again and happy. But if they are borne upon the backs of their brothers, if their eyes are forever closed, never to open again and smile, then there is no sound