Bluebell Primula and Drogo Baggins had just welcomed a new edition to their family; Bluebell Baggins. Her older brother, Frodo, couldn't help but feel jealous. He couldn't remember the last time his home in Buckland had been even remotely quiet, or when his parents had paid much attention to him. Bluebell had only been home for a day and a half and Frodo already hated her. "I never thought that I would ever hate someone in all my eight years," he thought to himself that night. 'I wonder what's wrong with him,' Primula had said quietly as Bluebell had started to finally quiet down. 'It's probably jealousy,' Drogo answered. 'The doctor said that it might happen, but that he would grow out of it soon enough. I'll go check on him,' and with that Drogo left his wife and new born child to go and check on Frodo. Drogo knocked on Frodo's door and opened it quietly. There was Frodo in tears and sitting up straight in his bed. 'Frodo, what ever is the matter?' Drogo sat down on Frodo's bed and pulled the young child into his chest and comforted him. Frodo couldn't keep his tears from falling when only a few moments ago they had been silently dribbling down his face. He eventually stopped and he looked at his father. 'Do you love me, Da?' Drogo was taken aback and he had no idea what was running through Frodo's three year old mind. 'Of course I do, Frodo-lad. What's wrong?' Drogo was worried. Never had he seen his son cry like this. 'Does Ma love me?' Frodo had a sincere questioning look on his face. He wasn't being stupid or funny he was genuinely asking if his parents loved him. 'Of course she does, we both do, and little Bluebell as well. Frodo what's wrong?' But Frodo didn't answer. How was he supposed to tell his father that he hated his sister? He simply pretended to have fallen asleep. Drogo gently laid the young lad on his pillow and pulled up the covers. He kissed Frodo's head and then left the room. Drogo went and sat down again next to his wife. Primula was fast asleep and Bluebell was whimpering quietly. Drogo took the small infant in his arms but he couldn't have made a bigger mistake. Bluebell started to cry and scream uncontrollably and it woke up Primula with a start. She was so tired and stressed about Bluebell. 'Frodo was never this bad. I don't recall the lad ever crying. Bluebell won't stop. Are babies supposed to cry this much?' Drogo didn't answer. At length he took the small wailing child and told Primula to go to bed. 'I'll send a message to the doctor first thing in the morning,' he said. Primula went to bed and fell asleep as soon as her head touched the pillow. The next day Drogo woke to Bluebell shivering and coughing uncontrollably. He was startled that he hadn't heard this. He quickly jumped up and took her in his arms and wrapped a few blankets around her. She was shivering violently so Drogo took her over to the fireplace hoping for Primula to awake and help him. Thankfully she did and she saw the state of her child and took Bluebell from Drogo and told him to go and fetch the doctor. Drogo was out of the door within a few seconds and Frodo emerged from his bedroom sleepily. 'Ma what's happening? I heard some banging,' Frodo said sleepily. 'He has gone to fetch the doctor,' Primula said stressed and rather harshly. Frodo was taken aback by her tone and backed away. Primula had seen her wrong suddenly and motioned for Frodo to go to her. Frodo moved to his mother a little warily. He soon got his confidence and walked to his mother and grabbed her dress and held it tightly. 'Can I hold her?' He asked with a gleam in his eye. 'Of course you can, Frodo. Just sit down over there and I will put Bluebell in your arms.' Frodo sat down on the chair, making sure that he was comfortable enough to sit in the same position for a while when he was holding Bluebell. Just as Primula was about to hand the young infant to Frodo Drogo and the Doctor burst into the room. Frodo was still sitting on the chair for the next five minutes waiting for Primula to hand Bluebell to him. Unfortunately, she never did. The three adults went into one of the back bedrooms as they started to discuss Bluebell and her symptoms. Frodo was left alone and helpless. He wondered how in just a day he could go from hating someone to wanting to play with the very same person the next day. Frodo was nervously fingering his buttons on his tunic when Drogo and the Doctor came out again. Drogo said goodbye to the doctor and turned around after the door had closed. He had teary eyes. Frodo was about to ask him what was wrong and if he could hold Bluebell when Drogo walked off again to the back bedroom again. Frodo heard the door close and he sighed. He was left alone again for another half an hour when after listening to some indistinct mumbling he decided to go and find his parents. He got off of the chair that he was sitting on and slowly walked down to the back bedroom. The walk seemed to take forever. It was as if Frodo felt he was getting further and further from the bedroom at the end of the hall. It was like it took years to get there but eventually he did. Frodo was dreading it. His heart was thumping loudly in his ears. He opened the door but he wished that he hadn't. He found Primula and Drogo huddled together holding Bluebell and crying. He felt sort of left out. Drogo spotted him and gestured for Frodo to go to them but instead Frodo fled the scene. He ran and ran and ran. He wasn't sure where he was going or what he was doing all he know was that he had to get out of that place and go somewhere my himself. Unfortunately he could hear Drogo coming up quickly behind him. Soon the older Hobbit scooped Frodo up and tried to get him to stop squirming. Frodo was beating on Drogo's chest hard to get him to stop holding him. Soon Drogo was out of breath and he dropped Frodo as he tripped over a root in the field. Frodo ran but this time he knew where he had to go; to Brandyhall. Merry was there. Frodo needed his cousin and a good campout for a while until he cooled down. Drogo watched his son run off and disappear. He didn't know how to feel. 'I don't know what's wrong with him,' Drogo thought to himself as he slowly walked back to Primula and Bluebell with tears stinging his eyes and hands in his pockets. How was he going to tell Primula that Frodo had run off? This was unwanted and unneeded stress. He got back to his home and looked at Primula and burst into tears. Primula did too. She thought she had lost her son. The one person that was generally there for her had been hurt so much to run away. What was she to do? 'Do you know where he went to?' Primula asked Drogo when her sobbing finally started to subside. 'I'm not sure, Prim, I really do not know. He might have gone to Brandy hall, though. He was headed that way at least. Merry's there so he won't be alone. Tell you what, I'll go tomorrow and see if he's there. I don't think right now is the best time to go and persuade him to come home. We need to wait for Frodo to cool down.' Frodo ran to Brandy hall. Everyone was bewildered and rather confused to see him there, especially Esme. 'Frodo what are y—'but she never finished. Frodo cut her off asking hurriedly and tearfully asking for Merry. Esme was in a fluster. What was Frodo doing here, in tears and with no parents around? Before Esme had even finished answering Frodo's question, the lad ran off down the hall and out of sight. Frodo ran and looked in every open door there was until he bumped into something. Frodo fell to the floor and looking up with his teary eyes he saw Merry looking at him rather taken aback with his cousin's sudden appearance. 'Frodo what are you doing here?' Merry said when he had come to his senses and had realized what had happened. Frodo simply got up with tears still streaming down his face and hugged his cousin tightly, nearly winding Merry with the sudden tightness. The next day Drogo got up early in the morning, before the sun had even risen, to go and check if Frodo had gone to Brandy hall. Drogo kissed Primula and Bluebell, took his warmest cloak and went in search of his son. Drogo's heart would break if Frodo wasn't at Brandyhall. The walk took forever. Drogo was hoping to get to Brandyhall by about lunchtime but at this rate it didn't seem possible so he quickened his pace. Soon Brandyhall came into sight and Drogo walked faster than ever to the front gates and he knocked on the door. Saradoc answered the door looking relieved. 'I'm glad you're here, Drogo. What's happened? We found Frodo here in tears. Is everything all right back at home?' Saradoc pulled Drogo inside and closed the door. The two Hobbits walked down a hall where Saradoc opened a dark brown door to find Merry and Frodo sitting on a bed and talking lightly. Frodo turned around to see who it was that had walked into the room but turned back around when he saw that it was Drogo. Saradoc motioned for Merry to come with him out of the room. Merry followed sadly. He still had no idea what was wrong with Frodo. Saradoc closed the door and Drogo moved closer to Frodo and sat on the bed next to him. Frodo deliberately moved away onto another bed and faced the other way. 'Frodo,' Drogo started. His voice was almost like a frogs croak. Frodo's behavior was terribly sad to Drogo and he didn't even know what it was that was wrong with Frodo. 'Frodo, what's wrong?' Drogo managed to get out. 'You lied to me, Da,' Frodo said coldly without even turning around. Tears were starting to sting his eyes again but he wanted to sound tough so he didn't move. Drogo was taken back. He didn't remember ever lying to Frodo in his life. What was Frodo talking about? 'Frodo, I'm sorry but you're going to have to tell me how it is that I have lied to you, I don't really remember.' Frodo got a sudden furious rage surge through him and he whipped around and screeched. 'You told me that you and Ma loved me. But you don't do you? I saw you with Bluebell. I saw you hugging her and leaving me alone to myself. You could have asked me if I wanted to join in. I walked in on you in a "family moment", I guess. Well I'm staying here now, you can go back to your family,' and with that Frodo turned around and hunched over with folded arms. Tears were streaming down his face. Drogo said nothing more. He got up trying to blink away his tears. He kissed Frodo's brown curls but Frodo just shook him off. Drogo left then and there; back home to Primula and Bluebell. He would come again tomorrow and try again with Frodo. Hopefully tomorrow would be a better day. The next day Drogo was very nervous about seeing Frodo after all he