Title: Reminders of Mirkwood Author: Justtice Rating: Pg-13 Feedback: constructive Chapter; 1 The Prince of Mirkwood sat tiredly atop his horse next to Aragorn and Gandalf in the caravan to take the dead home from the battle of Helm's keep. With the hope that Sauron, was defeated he felt a little more awake now. He now felt his skills had given him an edge against it all. His father had relentlessly drilled and pushed him to work harder and keep perfection. In Thranduil's mind, royalty should be as flawless as the best but should do so with the flare and grace that set royalty apart. Legolas felt badly for the fallen and that they had met an untimely end. Yes, men had lost lives but the elves gave up much longer lives. A slight sigh escaped thinking of all the men that they would need to honor as well. Perhaps they had graves but Aragorn had expressed the need to show them respect and honor when his feet fell in Gondor again. He knew Frodo had accomplished his own goal by riding of the ring into the fiery grave and he looked back with a little smile at the hobbit that followed them. Frodo had lost a finger to rid middle Earth of the ring and now he seemed to look a little older and wiser to Legolas. He quickly remembered why Frodo and the rest road with them, to pay their condolences to the Elves, who knew little of loss. Elves lived such long lives that people thought them to be immortal and they truly felt it. The lives that mean lived were but a blink in the life of an elf. It meant the elves had given up much more than man, Dwarf or Orc just in time. What most never seemed to know that they lived such long lives that they had perfected each motion, each word and even breath so they would live in ease. Verily, to live so long would be harder if a limb were lost in battle because they could be without it a thousand years. Not often did an elf die but many had sailed. Even sadder now, so many had given away long lives of grace for a death in battle. No matter how glorious, still it was death. Legolas thought of the friends he had just seen slain fighting for the greater good. Friends he had known a long time, some he knew casually and some that had lived in Mirkwood. Fathers and brothers who would return home one last time and he hung his head at the thought. His mind moved a thousand ways as he began to wonder if Galadriel would journey as well. He felt a hand upon his shoulder, "We are nearly there." Aragorn sighed. Legolas nodded and sat up straighter because Aragorn might have well told Legolas to look strong for his people. He caught sight of Rivendell and took a deep breath. A warm hearth would be nice and to see other friendly faces would be a welcome sight but considering his news he wasn't sure they would be the same blessing for them. Shouting ahead told them that they had been spotted and there would be a welcome near the gate. Aragorn seemed to come alive a little and he was sure it was in hopes to see Arwen. Legolas felt a chuckle catch in his throat as Aragorn's new demeanor seem to improve each hoof falling closer to the house of Elrond. The young prince longed to be home among the trees he had known and loved since youth or to see his father's pride after. His father was hard to please in his eyes and Legolas found himself trying harder each time to satisfy him. For now, the look of Rivendell growing closer appeased him as well as the enamored look Aragorn tried to keep hidden. Arwen sat the other elf called Arri and Arwen paced as Arri tried to comfort her. "I am sure your father will understand in time," Arri sighed looking out the window to the trees. For hours they had spoke about the plight Arwen faced. Life of a peredhil and to want to choose a human mate rather than journey as her father had bade her. Arri kept her gaze downcast at her folded hands moving ever so slightly under the covering of her long sleeves. "He would be much happier if Aragorn was Elven too," Arwen sighed. Then she looked to Arri and knew she shared some of her conflicted feelings. "Your father is a strong fighter and I am sure he will return to us, Arri." She gave an inward sigh as she thought, 'Estel.' The name her father had given him long ago, meaning hope. Hope for a kingdom, hope for victory, hope to heal that what was broken... hope for love? The Sindarian name was to help conceal him from the evil that would strike him down but she had come to love this hope. Arri simply nodded but she knew in her heart her father was gone. She had tried to busy herself with thoughts to help Arwen's worry. Truly to talk about the troubled love did divert thoughts of the grim truth of their return. She could feel the loss of connection between her and her father but held onto the hope she was wrong as she kept her eyes on the road watching the elves at the gate for a signal somebody would return soon. She sighed and looked to Arwen hoping to distract them both. "I think you are attracted to his passion," Arri finally turned to her. "Humans know they shall die and tend to live every day as their last. The fulfill every desire and don't hold back." Arwen stifled a smile because it certainly sounded like Aragorn. "Where as, we spend boring lives making every ourselves more perfect for we have nothing better to do?" She smiled thinking of how they seem to perfect each thing they did from skill with music, charms, sewing or even cooking. Some might even call it obsession. Arri gave a small smile at the tease, "I suppose we do." She tossed her lose hair over her shoulder and sighed as she cast a quick look back to the road. "I find I admire their freedom and how carefree they are." Arwen stopped her aimless pacing and stood next to her. She looked to her friend and her profile as the waning sun's light touched her small frame lightly, as if a beam kissed her. Arri was not an elf to simply forget, with her long hair spilling down her shoulders she was a breathtaking sight. Arri stood the same noble grace Arwen carried but she was so different to look upon. Arri had very deep blue eyes that shone against the shadows playing in the window but a small gleam showed truth of an unshed tear. As the sun touched the trees tops it began to spray though the window in crisp rays playing over Arri's soft blonde hair. Full of pale blonde curls they seem to hold each ray with a sparkle that lighted them whimsically. It had been said far and wide that she had inherited her beauty and quite uncommon curls from her mother who had been killed by a goblin when she had lived in Mirkwood. Smaller than most elves she stood in the light straining to see the return of the heros, alive and passed. At the moment with her pensive look and the shadows creating such a contrast to the peering light, she looked like the essential face of an elf in meditation. Upon the death of Arri's mother, her father moved them to Rivendell because the beauty of Mirkwood had reminded him too much of his wife. Arri's father Thondas had always been a resident of Rivendell until he had met a beautiful elf maiden from Mirkwood, Livian (Arri's mother). Thondas fell in helplessly in love with Mirkwood as he did Livian and they began their family there. With Livian's untimely death a broken hearted Thondas moved his daughter to Rivendell and all he had known before Livian. He knew to fade from grief would have been dishonor to them both with Arri still in her youth. He knew Livian held a great love for their child as he did and would see their child grow, to honor Livian and keep her name alive. Yet he could not forget his beloved wife it did help him not to be find ghost of her in each thing he touched by the Mirkwood. Arri was nearly a living statue of her mother with the same rare intense stare and bountiful ringlets and to present her as daughter of Livian... she knew it did her father proud. Arri sighed thinking of her father's reasons for moving them but she did miss Mirkwood and the friends she had left there years ago. She loved her friends now and smiled at Arwen who had become dear to her as well. She looked down at the road and watched Eosin one of the elves who stood by the gate. Eosin was every bit as beautiful as any elf she had seen but he was pale blond like Arri or even Legolas. His regal manner seemed higher of his simple duties he held in Rivendell and Arwen often thought he belonged among the talons with Galadriel. His eyes seem to hold millions of secrets until he would see Arri then his eyes would become soft and warm. Eosin watched Arri grow and that seemed to be Arwen's answer for his fascination early on but now he seem to be unsure around and at a loss when she gave him a small glance. Arwen watched as Arri's face traced crimson with Eosin's smile at her when he noticed her gaze at the gate. "He is handsome Arri," Arwen watched as the male elf finally took his eyes from Arri, "My father was right when he first saw you." Arri was intrigued, "How so?" She looked away knowing Arwen had romantic thoughts of the two where there was none. Arri loved him but he had seen her through the same things her father did and to see him in any other light seemed false. Still the idea of this breathtaking male did make her heart skip. She had never had any male think of her in such a way. The idea of it being Eosin was flattering because he was handsome and many a maiden did vie for his attention and no other male had shown such interest in a simple elf as Arri. Arwen gently tangled fingers Arri's bouncing tendrils letting her fingertips marvel at the softness and losing her fingers in it, "He said that you had better be good because with this hair you would never be anonymous." Arri sighed because she loathed her hair. She spent much of her time binding it into a braid to hide the curls in a fashion that might hide the texture but that wasn't always acceptable. "Is that was he told you? Perhaps he never knew the trials and tribulations it put me through in younger years." She blew a curl that had settled upon her nose until it sprang back at her and she looked at the dancing hair as a traitor. Arwen laughed despite herself, "it is lovely Arri." She also remembered that her father had told her once Arri's hair was because Arri had a human in her lineage. She had in turned gotten the hair her mother had not so many years ago. Arri and Arwen heard the tolls of the Elves announcing the caravan's approach. Hooves falling over the rocky path was a familiar sound but so many at once began a chorus of tired feet. Slowly they could see figures taking shape from the shadows