"Alright class, we will practice going from rest to arabesque and then back to rest. Continue, until I stop the music." Nico, pressed the play button on the boom box, turning his attention back to his students. Johann Strauss' music filled the room as his students practiced. He walked among them, correcting their form with his cane, as he went along. If he didn't have to, he would have never started the dance class, he generally disliked being around people, but he did have to pay the bills when not performing in the theatre. Ballet, one of his loves, gave him a breadth of calm, its elegance and grace distracted him of thoughts of his late sister and mother, and other more primal desires as well. As he walked amongst his students and noticed a lack of enthusiasm coming from twins Brian and Kimberly. The two 9 year olds were out of rhythm with the music and rigid in their movements. "Brian, Kimberly, let the music flow through you. Your movement is too forced." He pointed his cane at their knees." They nodded at him, wordlessly and continued the exercise in perhaps a more forceful manner. Nico sighed to himself, it was difficult working with children. He continued down the line of kids correcting anything he saw, along the way. At the end of class, the kids rushed to the front to grab their jackets and greet their parents. He didn't like chatting with them all that much, preferring for them to be on their way, but he put up with it, after all, they were paying him for the class. A particularly chatty couple, always seemed to be nosy. Percy and Annabeth approached him. Nico groaned internally, but let out a sigh of relief as thankfully Percy had remembered to remove his shoes this time when walking on the dance floor. "How was my daughter?" he asked jovially. "She can show us when we get home," Annabeth admonished her husband, smiling at Nico. She knew her husband was just trying to be friendly with Nico. The poor guy always looked gaunt, as though he could die the next day. Nico recalled quickly, "she needs a bit of improvement on her Demi-Plié, but otherwise I see an improvement." "As blunt as always," Percy chuckled. "Listen, the boys and I are having a poker night and-" "I'll have to decline your offer," Nico interrupted the other man, he added quickly "but thanks." "Oh, alright. Door's always open though," Percy smiled and turned around embracing his now bundled up daughter. Nico felt a knot tighten in his stomach, but chose to ignore it. Instead what caught his attention, was someone new in the dance studio. A man around Nico's age, talking to Brian and Kimberly. He approached them, curious as to why it was not their parents picking them up. Nico cleared his throat, announcing his presence. The man turned to face him. "Oh!" The man was surprised. He turned around. "I'm sorry, I didn't have time to introduce myself when I dropped these two troublemakers off," he chuckled. "Had to take some wedding photographs." He held up his camera. When Nico's expression was unchanging, Will quickly continued: "I'm their uncle." Nico looked at the two kids for affirmation, and they nodded. Will had a distinct southern accent, and Nico didn't want his students to walk off with some stranger. Will turned to Brian and handed him the car keys. "Warm it up will, you? You go with him too, Kim." The two children waved to their instructor and left the dance studio, Will turned back to Nico with a stern expression. "Their mother and father – my brother, died in a car crash, five days ago, a drunk driver – thank god for the harsher penalties they're bringing in now… Anyway, I was named in their will as their guardian. Oh -" Will took out his hand from his pocket for Nico to shake. "Name's Will by the way." Nico took the hand, begrudgingly, and was surprised to feel how warm it was. "Nico." He said simply, letting the other man continue. "Anyway, I figured bringing them to their class like usual, might help them get back on their feet. Did it help?" "It was noticeable," Nico commented. "Oh, well, hmm…" A silence followed. "So same time next week?" Will, changed the topic. "Yes, and there's no class on the 23rd." "Gottcha," Will nodded. He zipped up his coat. "Nice meeting you, Nico." He smiled and left the building, the last parent (or guardian) to leave he premises. Nico closed up the dance studio and ventured into the crisp early December air. Will's mention of the two deaths caught him off guard. The last time he had thought about death had been a while ago, he never even turned on the news, or read the paper. Will wasn't use to kids. Never mind having to take care of them 24/7. He had been living the bachelor life, ever since leaving the farm back in Texas. He always wanted to do something bigger than just working on the farm all his life – as his father intended, and New York City was the perfect opportunity. In two years' time, in the Big Apple, he had already had a good number of wedding photography gigs and was already lined up for more. It was natural for him, and he loved making people happy. Will had vaguely remembered agreeing to something of Michael's will, but never put much stock into it. So it was a surprise to him, when he was given custody of their twin kids. However, despite not necessarily being ready to parent children, when asked to provide evidence that he'd be a suitable guardian, he did at least present evidence of his success as a photographer, in the wedding industry. Though his ulterior motive was that he did not want the kids to live with or default to his own mother and father (their grandparents). He had already escaped them once, he didn't want anyone else subjected to backwards parents, ever again. "Can we go to McDonald's?" One of them asked – he wasn't sure who. They couldn't even wait a few minutes, as Will pulled away from the dance studio. "I keep telling you guys, that that place isn't healthy!" Will rolled his eyes, they had to ask, every day. "Awww, come on, Uncle," Kimberly complained. "I'll make better hamburgers at home," Will mediated. They groaned anyway. Their two bedroom apartment was a cumbersome place, its cozy interior had to be quickly set up for two additional kids and Will attempted to make do. He sent them off to do their homework, as he got a start on supper. His brother's passing also included a small imbursement of money, meaning Will knew he'd want to start looking for a home, rather than living in the current cramped space. It was one thing that the kids didn't complain about though, it was their living arrangements. But Will wanted to do for them, better. Finding mattresses for them, and buying other necessities in a short span of time was a bit overwhelming, for all of them. He'd hope that would change once they got to some place bigger. Getting up early, driving the kids to school and ballet class, was exhausting, even when he wasn't scheduled to photograph a wedding. With all that being said, Will did enjoy the change of pace. Years ago, he went on over his head, upon his arrival to NYC. As he already knew he was gay, New York was his first experience in that matter. No more just looking at hunky men in Life magazine. He quickly found out that the truck stop was the "go to" place for people like himself. A no-questions asked "encounter". He was practically addicted to the place. After waffling in wanting to take a jaunt to the truck stops, Will had been feeling a bit cocky, he had received his first paycheck as a freelance photographer, and he felt like the king of the world, finally getting somewhere in life, that wasn't in Texas or dead end jobs. He had the go-to places all figured out, so after eyeing a few men, some reciprocating, he found himself at the truck stop. The man he had finally "chosen", motioned his head to the back of one of the many truck trailers. Heart beating, Will followed the unknown man into the dark container. He was immediately inundated by the smell. He even heard others engaging in their own affair. Once the kids became a part of his life, Will became more focused on building his portfolio and finding plenty of work, preferring to do right, for them. He may not admit to having missed the truck stop, but he no longer let his inhibitions control him. Even as he looked back on the experience however, he was no longer interested in one-off encounters or being used as a tool for someone's momentary pleasure, he wanted something more. Sure he'd have liked to date, and perhaps be serious with another man (even if no men seemed interested in this at all), but he didn't even know where or how to start, it was a new realm for him. The splattering beef grease on his hand, brought him back to the present. "Okay, you two, they're ready!" he called. Will looked at the time, they were already late for the kids' dance class! Arriving a few minutes late, he nearly pushed the kids through the dance studio door. Nico stared at Will with disdain. Will responded by lowering his head and leaving immediately, he also had a wedding photoshoot scheduled between their dance class, and couldn't be any more late. He wasn't hurting for cash, but money was money. And now especially having two more people in his life, Will's goal of a bigger house was fortuitous. Will also wanted a Christmas for the kids that would at least be passable, as it would be their first Christmas without their parents. The phone hardly rang at the studio, but Nico kept it just in case parents had to call. And it just so happened to ring as class came to an end. "Hey, Nico, it's Will, I'm at a payphone. Is it possible for you to take the kids to my place, and watch over them, both of them have keys to the apartment, and there should be food in the fridge. The bride and groom wanted more photos, and I had to go buy more rolls. Oh, and they'll ask to go to McDonald's, don't let them. And make sure they do their homework. That would be great if you could do that, thanks, bye!" He didn't leave even leave room for Nico to object – he's not even a babysitter. He mumbled to himself, walking towards the two remaining kids, who had been waiting for their uncle. "Well, looks like your uncle is going to be late… and I have to lock up," he mused. They looked up in shock. "I'm not leaving you two on the streets though," he chuckled darkly. "Not a very good uncle though, is he?" They chose not to answer him. Nico put on his coat. "Actually, he wanted me to take you to his place, and stay as a babysitter." He mumbled the last part. Nico led them out of the dance studio and to his car. "And of course he forgets to give me the address." "I know where it is!" Kimberly suddenly yelled. She recited the address. Nico cringed at her loud announcement. In his class, he expected obedience, he didn't care how they acted outside of his class. But to have loudmouthed children in the back of his car, was predictably jarring. He wasn't sure if he could survive the evening. They hadn't even started driving 10 feet when one of them asked,