Okay I know it starts off as most mary sues do but it gets better later on, at least I hope it does. I've worked really hard to make this (mary sue that it is) presentable. So enjoy! Please review, but try to be kind. If you like it I'll post the next chapter! Prologue The forest floor was covered with cold, dried leaves. Small beams of light were able to pierce through the thick canopy of forest. Everything was glowing with the bright colors of fall. Only the occasional sounds of animals scuttling through the undergrowth could be heard. All was peaceful in this tranquil little forest, until it was disturbed by the crunching of leaves underneath the fast footsteps of one girl. Megan ran through the woods near her house as fast as she could, hoping to get as far away from her pursuer as possible, but it didn't seem to be working. Katie was only a few feet behind her. She didn't know exactly what she'd said to anger her friend, but whatever it was the argument had ended with Katie chasing her back toward the house. Megan turned to see if she was gaining on her friend, but this caused her to stop looking where she was going. She didn't see the rock that caught her toe but it did and she fell. The girl tumbled headlong down the hill and landed in a heap at the bottom. She then sat up on her elbows with a grunt. "Are you alright?" Katie yelled between her giggles. "Yeah, fine." Megan said, slightly annoyed, as she got up and dusted herself off. Soon, Katie was at her side. Megan looked up from her dusting and suddenly saw something she'd never seen before. It was a strange brown moth, fluttering a few feet from them. Megan froze and studied it; it was an odd dust brown color, with long fuzzy antennae. "Do you see that, Kate?" She asked. Katie nodded. The moth fluttered away a few feet, and there was a sudden strange feeling in the girl's chests. They had to follow it. To where the creature would lead them they didn't know, but no matter, they had to follow. Megan and Katie looked at each other in astonishment. They didn't know what to do, but then the moth flutter away and they had no choice but to plunge in after it. It led them through the woods on small paths and deer trails, until they were in a part of the forest that neither girl knew. It eventually led them to a small cave. From the entrance, they could see water dripping from stalactites and small crystals littered the rocky walls and made them glitter. The moth fluttered inside. Megan took out a small flashlight she carried and turned it on. She looked at Katie and sighed, then they followed the moth into the darkness. It led them down dark winding paths. Neither of them thought about getting back out only about what lay ahead. They kept walking until something suddenly hit them and they froze. It felt like a huge wave of power. They both stumbled a bit. "Did you feel that, Meg?" "Yea, I think-" Her voice was cut off when a bright swirl of lights and colors surrounded them. They felt as if they were floating, yet on the ground, and as if they were moving yet, stationary. They felt suspended in space and time. Then everything went black, nothing around them but black. Part One: The Fellowship of The Ring Chapter One: Many Meetings Megan awoke and tried to open her eyes in the bright sun that bore down upon her. 'Where am I?' She looked tentatively at her surroundings. She certainly wasn't at home. The room was a pale, pale blue. It almost looked white. Delicate, silk curtains blew in the wind, revealing a great, white balcony. The floor was of smooth stone that was so polished it looked as if the slightest misstep would cause one to slip. The walls were intricately carved and adorned with many elaborate paintings. Megan could not figure out what time period they must have been from. 'Where am I?' She thought again. It didn't smell like a hospital room, but where else could she be? On second thought it didn't look like hospital rooms either. Everything was too light and airy, and felt more like life instead of death and disease. She glanced around again and furrowed her brow. Thoughts ran through her head of where she might be. But, no, it didn't look like anything of her world. That's when she knew. It looked Elvish! Like from her favorite books, 'The lord of the rings' trilogy. 'Wait!' She shot straight up in bed. 'This can't be!' She then did the one thing she knew would do no good, but seemed appropriate. She screamed, and boy, did she scream. She tumbled to the floor, her blankets twisting around her small frame. After managing to untangle herself from the hold of the soft material, she quickly got up, wavering a little, and then went out onto the balcony. Her jaw hung agape as her mind registered the similarities between the Elven Haven known as Rivendell from the movies she loved and the place she was in now. She gazed around in shock and disbelief. Long had she ached to come here to this world, though she had stopped hoping years before. 'Is this a dream?' she thought. Convinced that a dream was all this could be, she pinched herself hard. And it hurt, very badly. She winced. 'Ok so it's not a dream.' She thought, rubbing the now red area. "Maybe this isn't really here. Maybe it's a hallucination." She shook her head and smacked herself a couple of times, but the view was still there. "Lord, help." She said out loud desperately. This was real. Suddenly there was a soft rapping at the door. Megan turned quickly and glanced around nervously. "Erm…come in… I guess." She said hesitantly as she walked back into the room, fidgeting with the hems of her sleeve. And who did she expect to open the door, but an elf. He was tall and his grey eyes held a deep knowing wisdom. He had dark brown hair, braided intricately around his pointed ears. His light grey robe swished gracefully about his ankles as he walked toward her. His name she now knew. This was the great Lord Elrond of Rivendell! He spoke first. "Good you are awake," He said "Are you feeling all right?" The things around her proved too much for the girl to stand; she fainted and landed on the bed. She woke up a few minutes later. She didn't know weather it was a good or bad thing, but when she opened her eyes, Elrond was still standing there and she was still in the Elven room. She shot up. "Why am I here?" She asked quickly. His reply was cool. "I do not know why you came at this time." He said, "Glorfindel found you and another on the bank of the ford." He explained. "By 'another' you mean Katie, right?" She asked, bewildered. "If that is her name, then yes, she was found." Elrond replied. "What is today's date?" Megan asked. "October the twenty- fourth, why do you ask? He questioned. "Just wondering." She replied. Megan looked around the room. Again, she hook her head, "I gotta be out of my mind." She said quietly "Are you feeling all right?" He asked again. "Yeah, Just wondering why I'm here." She replied. "All will reveal itself in good time," He said to comfort her. "I must go I have things to see to." With that he walked out. After Elrond left, Megan decided to explore the room. The bed had light blue lace draperies that were tied back. She examined the pictures on the wall and was able to identify some of the scenes. The adjoining bathroom was equipped with a claw foot tub and matching sink. There was a mahogany vanity with a three-piece mirror and a matching wardrobe. Next to the wardrobe was a chair, and there were some clothes piled on top of it. Megan walked over to it and examined the clothes. There was a dirty grungy t-shirt, with holes in it, and a pair of jeans in nearly the same condition. It was then that she realized that those were the clothes she had been wearing. Of course, they weren't in such bad condition the last time she had seen them. She then examined what she was wearing; it was a long cotton nightgown with lace at the hems. 'Maybe I should change.' She thought and opened the wardrobe. It was filled with beautiful dresses, some red, blue, silver, purple or gold. She picked out the one that looked most comfortable. It was a light peach with long flowing sleeves. Stripping down and tossing the nightgown aside, she quickly slipped into the gown and, amazingly, it seemed to fit perfectly. She then took a pair of cream slippers from the bottom and slipped them on. They too were a perfect fit. After that she sat down at the vanity, which had all the necessities, brushes, combs, pins, anything you could think of. She looked in the mirror and what she saw wasn't what she expected. Her skin was light and pale like porcelain, and perfectly clear. Her eyes were crimson blue, and her hair was longer and lighter. But what was most unexpected was her ears: they were pointed. Shocked, she brushed out her hair and fixed it in a simple braid down her back. She then got up and walked to the door, but stopped before opening it. 'Maybe when I open it I'll return to my own world' she thought. She hesitated once again as she reached for the handle, not knowing weather she wanted to return or not. Taking a deep breath, she opened it. To her shock and relief she was still in Rivendell. She sighed and began to walk; aimlessly she wandered. Every corridor looked the same as the last, and yet different. After nearly thirty minutes of this she rounded a corner and finally saw someone. It was a tall woman with long dark hair. She wore a long light blue dress. "Excuse me!" Megan called and hastened to catch up with her. The lady turned and Megan froze. This just got stranger by the moment, before her stood the evenstar of the Elven people. "Yes?" Megan snapped into reality. "You're Lord Elrond's daughter aren't you?" She asked. Arwen smiled, making the pendant around her neck glisten. "Yes I am," she replied. "I'm Megan, your father has been caring for me for… well I'm not sure how long," she explained. "Oh, you're the one that Glorfindel found down by the river," Arwen replied. Megan nodded. "Can I help you somehow?" The Elleth asked. Megan rolled her eyes. "Yes, I seem to have gotten myself lost, could you point me toward the gardens?" Arwen smiled again. "Of course, it's just down the stairs around the corner. I'll show you if you like, I'm going that way myself." It was Megan's turn to smile, "Sure!" They walked until they reached the bottom of the stairs. At this point Arwen said, "This is where we part ways. The garden's are just through there." She pointed in the direction of an arch that led to a wide stone path. "And supper is served at six." The lady informed her. "Thank you." Megan said as Arwen left. Megan again wondered if as she stepped through the arch that she would return to her own world. Reluctantly she strode onto the sunlit path. And yet this vision continued, she was still in this dream world. She continued down the path until she reached the gardens. The gardens were the most beautiful part of