Title: The Heir of Slytherin Summary: At the end of the war Harry was sent back in time by the Goblins, tasked with preventing the Dark Lord from turning Goblin made artifacts into Horcruxes. If he had just killed the Dark Lord as a child it would have ensured that could never happen, how the bloody hell did he end up adopting the boy!? PAIRING: Harry / Young Moody WARNING: Spanking, Yaoi ### Chapter One Harold Godric Slytherin, that was now his name. The Goblins had given it too him when they gave him his task. The Goblins had given him a great many thing, of course taking 'adequate compensation' as well. Not like Harry was hurting for money anyway. He was the sole heir and last member of the house of Potter as well as the named Heir of the House of Black. All the resources of the Black and Potter estates were liquidated. All the empty houses and artifacts turned into raw coin and sent back with Harry in a magical coin purse charmed with an impressive extension charm. All this money was then moved into a new account under the name 'Harold Godric Slytherin' and Harry was listed as the Heir of Slytherin in their records. Apparently the Potters were by birthright but never claimed their inheritance for political reasons. The Potters were also related to Godric Gryffindor but they weren't his heirs, the Longbottoms were. The new identity may be flashy but could even trick an unspeakable. The Goblins gave him a large island and did some questionable things Harry would never have agreed to. They gave each of the residents, over 60000 people, false memories so that they would think the island always belonged to the Slytherins instead of the Goblins. That had actually been true up until the past few decades. Salazar Slytherin had fled to this island after leaving Britain. He ruled over the island as Lord for over a century before his son took over and so on and so on. In reality that line of Slytherin had ended but the Goblins fudged the family tree to make Harry the last member of the house. He was the most direct descendant of Salazar by blood they just had to make the paperwork agree. The Goblins proceeded to manipulate events so that the new identity followed Harry's real history as closely as possible, as he had always been a rubbish liar. In this new life, much like the old, Harry's parents were murdered by a Dark Lord well hunting their one year old child that was destined to defeat him. When the Dark Lord tried to kill Harry he died instead. In this new history it was later discovered that Harry's mother had placed a powerful rune on the babe's head, fulled by her love and the ultimate sacrifice of dying for her child, which protected him against the killing curse. Although all this happened in the real world it was never known to the public. They thought Harry survived the curse under his own power. Even though it was a tactical mistake in his new life Harry wanted it known what his parents had done for him. Because of his mother if he was ever hit by a killing curse he would be placed in a death like sleep for all of an hour before waking up perfectly fine. Due to a magical contract both his parents signed the moment they died all their magical power was transferred to himself. It was the reason he had so much more raw power then most wizards. His mother had also used her death to set up blood wards to protect Harry from harm so long as he lived with someone of her blood. The wards prevented anyone tainted by dark magic and meant him harm from touching him as well as bent reality a bit to make him... well... luckier. Due to this luck he could survive almost anything. It wasn't impossible to kill him but it was hard. He still could get hurt pretty badly but he'd most likely survive his wounds. Unfortunately this meant he had no choice but to be moved in with his none magical relatives on his mother's side, his only relatives. These muggles were cruel and abusive and it seemed his luck didn't protect him from that either. His mother had greatly overestimated her sister's capacity for compassion. Her bitterness ran deep. The only reason she took Harry in was because the Blood Wards protected all that lived under the same roof as Harry as well. Harry grew up unloved and what was effectively a life as their slave. He did everything, cooked, cleaned, weed the garden, paint the fence and shed, all well they never lifted a finger. He'd only been three when they put him to work. The occupants of the island didn't know any of this but the Goblins made some of the muggle neighbors notice things such as the occasional black eye. The neighbors, like in real life, thought it was because Harry was a delinquent who always got in fights just like his relatives told everyone. When Harry turned seventeen and the blood wards finally fell his relatives packed up and moved away never to be seen again just like they did in real life. Throughout his years studying magic at school the Dark Lord's wraith attacked him annually well trying to get himself a new body. He eventually succeeded and forced the island into a war. Eventually Harry defeated him and made it so that the wizard couldn't even come back as a ghost. Something that didn't happen in real life was he claimed his family title after the war. The Goblins claimed that he immediately left the island after the war, due to unpleasant memories, and didn't even bother going to see his ancient family home after claiming ownership over it. According to the Paperwork he just arrived in Britain today after contracting the Goblins to build him a house in the wizarding village of Hogsmeade. The reason why the rest of the world never heard of him or the war was because although the island was large it was also very isolated. The Goblins went to great lengths creating family members that never actually existed except on paper so it looked like the Slytherin line survived longer then it did, as well as people who 'died' in the war. They even gave various people memories of these fake victims, friends and even people who hated these imaginary people. No Harry didn't agree with the length the Goblins went to at all but it was obvious no one could tear the story apart. Even so it didn't make sense that Harry would need such a well thought out background for what he had to do. The Goblins insisted this wasn't a matter of getting a fake ID. They had sent Harry back in time and everything had to be done precisely for the action not to be notice. The Goblins of the future sent back the plans for all this with Harry as well as the compensation for all the work they had to do which was exactly 37% of all of Harry's money but again he was still the richest man on the planet even after that. Harry's job was to make sure specific Goblin artifacts didn't become tainted by black magic and the easiest way to do that was to kill the Dark Lord who did it before he had a chance... this had all gone so wrong. The horrible disgusting evil Dark Lord Voldemort was currently an eight year old boy named Tom Riddle. The boy was standing in a pet shop, one Harry had followed him to from the orphanage. The boy was smiling and laughing looking so... innocent as he hissed words at the snakes that no one but them understood. Harry stood nearby trying to build up the nerve to go through with it. 'This is Voldemort' he thought to himself, kept insisting to himself, but the boy didn't look evil or vengeful just... sad. There was something in his laughter, as if he didn't do it often. "Did ssssspeaker do well on his test?" asked the snake, a young boa constrictor with white scales and a few darker orange stripes. "I always do well" Tom, no not Tom 'Voldemort', rolled his eyes "Test are easy... unless it's gym but those aren't really test anyway. So what if I can't climb a rope? Not like I'd ever need that" "Climbing is important hatchling" the Snake informed and the boy made a face at it. The snake sighed "How can you expect to hide from predators if you can't climb?" "Humans don't have 'predators' and you might not have noticed this but neither do you. Hard to have predators when you spend all day in a glass cage" The snake just looked at him for a second "Climbing can still be fun" the snake demonstrated this by climbing up his fake tree prop "Oh yes what remarkable fun" The boy rolled his eyes. They talked for over an hour about nothing in particular, unaware that at the other side of the store a man was losing his nerve to commit a horrible deed. Then the snake asked something that shattered it completely. "Those boys still bothering you?" The boy looked down "I-it's not so bad. If I stay out of their way they don't mess with me. I only got beat up twice this week" "It's only three days into the week and you've been hiding out here all day. Not that I'm complaining as I do enjoy the company" The snake quickly insisted "How does a snake know what a week is not to mention how far into it we are?" The snake pointed at a calendar on the wall with three boxes crossed out. "Oh... guess that is a little obvious... how do snakes count?" "You humans are not so genetically superior as you might think" the snake scoffed "And don't change the subject" The boy sighed defeated "Can we please just not. They're jerks but like I need them anyway. I got you. You're my best friend. I'm saving up money so that I can buy you and then you won't just have a cage to crawl around. You'll be able to go anywhere in my room" "That would be nice" the snake allowed the change in subject after all and they talked about how great it would be when they could finally live together. That's when a man came and picked the snake up out of the cage. "What? Where are you taking Gobbler" the boy demanded as the snake was put into a box. "Sorry kid the guy at the counter bought him" the man said not understanding that the snake was screaming "Tommy" and begging not to go. Harry looked over at the man at the counter, who didn't seem to notice what he was putting the child through. "But, But I told you I'd have the money next week!" "Well he has it now. Sorry kid we got lots of other snakes for you to hiss at. When you have the money then you can pick out a new snake" "No please, you don't understand" "Kid quite it down or I'll have to kick you out of the story" "Don't!" Tom begged grabbing the shop keeper's wrist. The man screamed dropping the box. The man pushed the kid away and looked at his wrist. There was a small burn mark in the shape of the child's hand. "What... what the bloody hell are you!?" The man gasped. Tom looked at the burn with large eyes clearly not understanding what just happened. He grabbed the box and ran as fast as he could out the door. The man went to the phone to call the police when Harry once again