Title: Becoming a Weasley Summary: Harry's first summar after Hogwarts had been the worst yet until he is rescued / kidnapped by his friends the Weasley family. They try to convince Dumbledore that something is wrong at Harry's home but the Dursleys can explain away everything and with Harry denying everything his hands are tied. Then Harry overhears a conversation that changes his life forever. ### Chapter One Harry yawned walking down the winding hall of the oddly constructed house. All the rooms were added on in awkward places, looking like a mixed match block tower. It was only held together by the power of magic. No non magical person, or 'muggle' as funny as that word was, could have built a house like this and expect it to stay together. It was pretty wicked. Stepping down the staircase, in the vital mission of getting a glass of water, Harry's foot paused hearing voices coming from the living room. Despite having poor eyesight he did have excellent hearing. Years of having a cupboard as a bedroom had trained him to make sense of most muffled noises, in order to understand what was going on on the telly in the next room. "Molly I understand you are concerned for Harry" It was the headmaster "But the Dursleys explanations check out. Bars on Windows may seem like an overly radical thing but this is Harry after all. Petunia told me she was tried of him sneaking out all the time and seeing it first hand at Hogwarts I know the boy does tend to wonder from his bed. Harry himself admits that's the reason for them and although it is a tad barbaric it seems to be a muggle custom. There are whole neighborhoods that have bars on all their windows, a very strange practice but maybe it's a statement of some kind" "A statement that they like keeping children prisoners in their own homes!" Mrs Weasley growled. Dumbledore sighed "Molly I looked into it as you asked and nothing seems to be out of the normal for muggle culture" Harry rolled his eyes. Wizards knew absolutely nothing about muggle anything. "What about the fact they were starving the boy!?" Molly growled "Unfortunately Mr Dursley lost an important contract and they haven't been able to feed either of the children their fill" Harry just barely resisted snorting. As if the Dursleys would ever let their precious Dudley go hungry for even an hour. "I increased the monthly payment I give them to compensate" "You REWARDED them for starving a child!" "Lady Weasley" Dumbledore's voice got a bit harder but took on a more scolding then angry tone "Surely you of all people wouldn't condemn them for falling on hard times" "I always make sure my children have full bellies" "Muggles do not have the ability to buy seeds for plants and grow them in a matter of seconds before ever meal as you do. They cannot use spells to do the same to livestock and breed them indefinitely. The basic necessities such as food cost them a good deal more then it does us. Petunia is a proud woman and will only accept so much of my help. Again something you should be able to relate to" "Albus, whatever my financial situation I have always made sure my children have what they need" "I'm know Molly, you are an excellent mother. Anyone can look at your children and see they are happy and healthy. I'm just saying the absence of magic and their bizarre cultural norms makes it harder for muggles to do so in the best of circumstances" "I think we are losing sight of the problem" Mr Weasley suddenly spoke up. Harry didn't even know he was in the room until then. That guy really wasn't much of a talker "Albus, it is obvious to everyone that Harry is being abused but it seems you keep telling yourself convenient excuses. This can't just be about the blood wards. You could just transfer those over to Harry's cousin, worst case scenario. Both boys would have to be removed from the household if the parents were found abusive and it be best to keep them together anyway" great prove the boy wrong by saying a complete mouth full. Harry smirked a bit at his mental joke. Dumbledore sighed "You're really thinking far too much about this. Harry himself keeps assuring me everything is fine" Mister Weasley insisted "Albus have you stopped to think that maybe the boy is scared?" "Harry knows he can tell me anything" Dumbledore assured "I let him come to my office whenever he wants... although he doesn't tend to visit that much" Harry felt a stab of guilt at how sad Dumbledore sounded that he didn't visit. "Albus" Molly sighed "I know you love Harry but maybe that's why you can't see the obvious. You want so badly to believe he is happy, of course you do, but he's not. Those people are horrible to him" "She's Lily's sister Molly" Albus said that like it meant something "They may not have gotten along very well but Lily believed her sister would step up and do the right thing if the worst should happen. I know for a fact that if the roles were reversed Lily would have cherished Dudley like her own son. Why should I believe anything less of her own kin?" Dumbledore awaited an answer as if he actually expected one. When he didn't get it he sighed "I know you care for Harry but I can assure you he is safe. If he wasn't completely happy with his living situation he would tell me. I'm his grandfather after all, honorary though it may be... I'm more concerned about what to do now that the trap with the stone has failed" ... trap? "Harry is in much greater danger after accidentally helping Voldemort's wraith to escape. Harry even stopped him from getting the stone. However noble his intent he not only stopped my plan but my backup plan. Perhaps I should have put a sticking charm on his bed that day" Dumbledore sighed "And he got your little one hurt as well" "As you said" Mr Weasley spoke "The boys had the best of intentions. The flaw was setting traps so easy a small group of first years could get through them!" "I figured Fluffy could be used to scare the children off. Hagrid trained it far to well to hurt the students, although it did give Severus a little nip but they never did get along. It is a big scary three headed dog. I assumed the children would stay away. The rest of the traps I needed to look intimidating but something Voldemort could get through even in his weakened state. Traps that would make him feel like he outsmarted us... I'm so sorry your boy got caught in the middle" "Ron is fine Albus" said Mr Weasley "It was his own recklessness that got him injured but he's fine now. Harry is not so lucky" Dumbledore sighed again "Arthur, I can assure you Harry is not being abused. He's-" "What's that?" Mrs Weasley interrupted feeling the wards go off. With a house full of seven children she set them up to alter her if any of the children were in emotional distress. She got up from the couch and stepped out of the living room. She was about to walk up the stairs when she saw the dark haired child sitting on the steps with eyes filled with tears but making not a sound "Oh Harry" she looked on sadly "How much did you hear?" As Harry continued to silently cry Molly attempted to pull the child into a hug but the boy flinched at the touch. "Want me to take you to Ablus?" Molly asked Harry quickly shook his head. Molly sighed and took a seat on the stairs next to the boy. She tried again slower this time, gently pulling Harry into a hug. Several minutes passed before Harry could speak but the first thing out of his mouth wasn't what he was expecting "Dumbledore knows" was the seemingly ransom comment still Molly encouraged him to get the entire thought out "He knows... how the Dursleys treat me... he just... just doesn't care" Molly seemed to tense for a second before asking "What makes you say that?" Harry fiddled with his hands "It... it said it..." "Said what Harry?" Molly spoke kindly Harry shifted uncomfortably. He tried this before, told a nurse at his muggle school where the bruises were really coming from. The nurse had tried to help but the Dursleys called Harry a liar and... Harry didn't back it up. When the child serves people talked to him he couldn't bring himself to say it again. They wrote it off and the nurse ended up getting fired... and Uncle Vernon whipped Harry till he was bloody and left him locked up for a week, telling the school he was sick. Harry swallowed, he wanted to say it. He had to, and he had to have the courage to go all the way through this time "The cupboard under the stairs... it... it was may bedroom until I got my Hogwarts letter... the Dursleys thought someone was watching them so they moved me into Dudley's second bedroom... I'd get in trouble if I touched any of his stuff though" Molly looked at him a moment before saying "I'll get this sorted out Harry, I promise, but right now I need you to go up to Ron's room. It's well past bedtime" Harry hesitantly nodded and went back up stairs, forgetting whatever it was that made him come down here. Harry laid in the second bed in Ron's room for near an hour, just watching the hands on the clock. He couldn't sleep, he felt too miserable and to... scared. When the door began to creek open he instinctively pulled the sheet over his head. He listened to the sound of feet approaching and gulped when he felt the bed sink. Someone was sitting on it. They were silent for what felt like hours but couldn't have been longer then seconds "Is what Molly said true Harry?" was the voice of Dumbledore but it sounded so strange. Harry hesitantly peeked out from behind the sheet and say Dumbledore tear stained face. He'd never seen a grown man cry before "Harry" the man tried "Are they... the Dursleys... hurting you?" Harry's first impulse was to shake his head 'no' just stopped half way. "Harry" Dumbledore tried again "I can't do anything unless you tell me the truth" Harry took a gulp of air "They lock me up in the cupboard" he admitted "And Unlce Vernon... hits me when he's in a bad mood" Harry yelped as Dumbledore pulled him into a hug "I didn't know" he assured "I didn't know" "B-but my letter," "Harry" Dumbledore pulled back, placing his hands on Harry's shoulders "The letter is addressed by magic to the place a child feels safest. Usually a tree house or some such. It's supposed to help convince Muggle born children that the letter is authentic. I doubt anyone would feel even comfortable reading the address on it as it would be very private for the child and many times is a secret place only they know about" "Oh..." Harry looked down "Harry... I love you. I... I genuinely through you were happy" Harry hesitantly nodded "I need to take care of some things... some people from the ministry will want to talk to you but... I'll make sure your placed with the Weasleys if that's what you want" Harry nodded again, not trusting himself to speak Dumbledore lightly kissed Harry's forehead "Now go to sleep Harry, everything will be just fine now" Harry hesitantly laid down his head ### The next week that followed wasn't pleasant for Albus Dumbledore. Not only