Author's Note: Hello Everyone! This is my first fanfiction and I would love any feedback that you could give. Please don't be harsh, but please be honest! I don't own any of the characters. The amazing J.K. Rowling does, but I hope you like where my ideas have taken them! I really hope you enjoy the story. Chapter One Draco looked himself over in the mirror. He was dressed impeccably, not that that was a surprise. He was wearing tailored black robes that hugged his body closely, eluding to the masculine shape that hid beneath his robes. He wasn't wearing his most expensive robes, but a meeting at the ministry didn't call for anything nicer. This was perhaps already too overdressed for that place filled with mindless wizards and witches doing the bidding of whatever the ministry asked of them. He sneered at the thought of how many 'good' witches and wizards followed the corrupt Ministry when the Dark Lord was in control of it. The Ministry had been so corrupted, Merlin, the whole bloody wizarding world had been so corrupted, so entangled in the mess, that the Ministry had forgiven almost everyone in the attempt to start over. Everyone had bloodied their hands in this war, whether they had wanted to or not. The Ministry had questioned everyone, with truth serum of course, to find out everyone's motives. Almost everyone, was guilty of committing heinous acts to protect those that they loved. Even the Malfoys had been excused for their crimes, once Draco was out of The Dark Lord's clutches, his family quickly turned their backs on The Dark Lord and did everything they could to help The Order in winning the war. It was concluded that the Malfoy's, just like everyone else, had been trying to protect their family. During the war, some were manipulated by the Ministry and other's manipulated by The Dark Lord. The Ministry decided the best route was to try and repair the wizarding world with what they had left of it, not try to rebuild everything from the ground up. They were going to make improvements to their world, but they could not afford to start completely fresh. The Wizarding World population had reached an all-time low and they could not afford to shun anyone from society if they could help it. At least, that was what they told everyone in the press release. Thus, the ministry tried to repair the wizarding world. Draco turned at the sound of the door opening, "Mother," he said as his eyes flicked to the witch entering the room. Narcissa Malfoy, was a beautiful witch, she had sharp lines and a cold poise about her. Her hair was in a sleek bun and she frowned at him in worry. She was a strong and fierce women, especially when it concerned her son. He knew that she was worried about this meeting with the ministry and what it would mean for their family. She rushed to over to her son. Her arms enveloping him in a quick hug. "My son, we must go, we cannot afford to keep the ministry waiting," she said as she brushed some hair out of his face. She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before turning sharply and heading towards the door again. Draco gave a slight nod of his head, knowing what his mother was hinting at. While they had been excused, they still had to be on their best behavior with the Ministry. They could not afford for the Ministry to doubt their loyalty for a second. He followed his mother out of his room and down the dimly lit hallway. It was decorated expensively, having many generations of Malfoys build upon the wealth that was currently his home. The walls a light grey, almost silver color, that gave a nod to their Slytherin roots. While the color was not dreary, paired with the dim lighting, it did have the effect of giving off a rather foreboding feeling. The sense of dread passed over Draco as he tried to keep his face looking neutral. 'Whatever happened today was going to change their lives forever' he thought while his stomach turned with unease. He followed his mother as she turned into the ballroom, where a small group was already waiting for them. Blaise immediately joined Draco by his side as they walked closer to the group. Draco mumbled to him under his breath, "Do you know what this is all about, mate?" "Oi, of course I do." Draco sharply turned his head to his friend and narrowed his eyes. He met Blaise's dark ones which crinkled slightly at the corners before he burst out laughing. "You need to lighten up," Blaise said still chuckling, "why the hell would I know why we were being summoned to The Ministry. Maybe, they had decided that they will punish us after all. We are going to floo there and they are going to cart us all off straight to Azkaban." Blaise's face changed from one of joy, to one of worry, before slipping into a mask of indifference and shrugging at Draco before turning away. Draco thought about this. It was possible of course, there was definitely resistance from some of the wizarding world to keep their families in wizarding society. Most of the elite families, in the past, had voiced hatred for mudbloods and have held a rather superior attitude. The Ministry to combat this resistance had released all of their interviews to the public, after seeing how genuinely sorry and broken they were in the interviews, the general public seemed to accept them and moved on. This had only been six months ago, so it was possible that there were some outcries again, but they had all been contributing members of society now. His mother even threw charities to help those orphaned in the war. They were by no means guilt free or completely changed, but they were obviously making an effort. None of them even really believed in blood status, only up playing it for The Dark Lord and other pure families, all playing a sick game to not get killed. It was astonishing really, how much support The Dark Lord gained by simply picking the right member in the family to threaten. Family was of the upmost importance to the elite wizarding families and The Dark Lord was a powerful wizard, no one had dared to cross him, not directly anyway. Some families of course, did support his cause though most were controlled by fear. None wanting to take the risk of destroying their families, they had done The Dark Lords bidding. In the Malfoy's case, Draco was the one threatened. His mother would have been heartbroken if anything had happened to him, most likely killing herself. Lucius would die if anything had happened to Narcissa. It was disgusting, but all of that was illuminated by their interviews with The Ministry, so what else could they want from them? Before he could dwell on it further, the fireplace had turned a bright green indicating that The Ministry was ready for them. They all slowly made their way to the fireplace flooing with their families to The Ministry. Draco stood next to the fireplace waiting for his mother and father to reach him so they could arrive together. His mother squeezed his shoulder reassuringly before entering the fireplace with Lucius at her side. Draco took a deep breath and followed them through the Floo. Draco instantly heard a sharp intake of breath from across the room. He slowly looked over towards the noise. They were in a large conference room in the Ministry. Decorated in purple, with a large black and white marble table dividing the room. Thick heavy purple curtains lined the windows, letting some light spill into the room. Across the room, were several other wizards and witches. Draco slowly recognized all of them, The Weasleys, The Lovegoods, Hermione Granger, Harry Potter, and Neville Longbottom. His face quickly turned into a sneer, his lips turning downward into a frown. 'What was going on?' He took a deep breath and quickly put on his face of indifference, he made his way to a velvet chair and sat down. He was sitting directly across from Hermione Granger. His mother sat down next to him, while his father remained standing, keeping a protective stance between his wife and son. His hand gently resting on Narcissa's shoulders while he tried to casually reassure her. Draco was alert and slowly let his eyes drift around the room trying to make sense of why they were here. He slowly made unintentional eye contact with Hermione Granger, her eyes narrowed at him in confusion. 'So she must not have any idea why they were here either' he mused. He slowly took in her features. Her long brown hair had seemed to become more manageable. She seemed thinner, and he quickly registered the bags under her eyes, and the overall exhausted look about her face. The war seemed to have a lasting impact on everyone. She still held herself in the same proud stance that he remembered though. Her back was straight and her shoulders were drawn together giving her the appearance of being taller than she was. Her chin was tilted up and looking directly at him, refusing to back down from his scrutiny. He just smirked and raised an eyebrow at her, which only caused her to blush and narrow her eyes at him further. A gavel sounded at the head of the table, where Kingsley Shacklebolt sat, the new head of the Ministry. He stood up. "Everyone, please quit down, I know you are all very eager to discover why this important meeting has been called, so please quit down and we can start." The whispers that had quietly filled the room earlier had quickly vanished. Draco's eyes searched for Blaise around the table. His eyes quickly landing on him. He was a couple seats down from him but turned towards Draco when he felt his stare on him. Blaise looked slightly paler then normal, with a slight frown featuring his face. The fact that the Minister called this an important meeting was not sitting well with Blaise. Draco slowly nodded his head at him, reassuringly, and Zabini seemed to harden his features and turned back to the ministry having accepted the reassurance Draco gave him. Draco was always the one that his friends turned to. He was the leader and he would lead them through this meeting, even though he didn't know what this would mean for them. He would stay strong. The Minister had started talking again, so Draco decided to give his full attention to the man dressed in deep purple robes, not wanting to miss a single word of what he had to say. "All of you sitting here have been at the forefront of this past war, witnessing horrors and destruction that I cannot begin to imagine. I will not reiterate the damage this past war has wrought down on us, you are all well aware of this tragedy." He paused making eye contact with everyone in the room before continuing. "I do not wish to revisit the past today, so instead we will talk about the future and the solutions we have come up with." The tension in the room was thick, everyone wondering why the Minister had summoned them here to talk about a solution to a war that was over with and how this solution was related to them. Everyone around the table sat stiffly, all eyes trained on the Minister as he continued speaking. "The population in the Wizarding world is at a record low," he continued, "This is a grave problem, if we do not try to resolve it, the Britain Wizarding World will cease to exist." The sounds of shock, horror, and worry filled the room. Draco could feel his mother grab