DISCLAIMER: I OWN NOTHING IT ALL BELONGS TO RICK RIORDAN ARTEMIS Laying on the seldom used cot, in my tent I idly run one hand over my forever flat stomach, while twirling one of my hunting knifes in my other hand. 'Why did I chose to make that vow to remain a maiden?' I mutter to my self. 'I should have know being the Goddess of child birth I would eventually want a child of my own'. Letting out a sigh I remove the hand from my stomach and run if trough my auburn hair. Rolling on to my side I let out a huff of air sounding much more like my Lieutenant and forever fifteen year old Demigod half sister Thalia than the powerful Goddess I am. 'Lady Artemis we need you're help!'I hear a worried shout from one of my hunters outside my tent. Sitting bolt upright and grabbing my bow I almost collide with said hunter as she charges in to my tent. Grabbing her arm to steady us both I can't help but feel a little bit better when I realise it's one of my many Nieces from my idiot twin brother Apollo who have joined me over the years. 'what's wrong Diana?' I ask quickly while striding out of my tent at the same time hiding the smile I get whenever I talk to one of my Nieces who is named after me or my Roman form. Stopping dead mid stride and felling Diana collide with my back I just gape at the damage around the camp. Most of the tents look as though they have been on fire, there are scorch marks all other the place and several trees are split or burning with several of the girls runing back and forth from a small stream with buckets trying to put the fires out. 'What in the Hades happened!?' I shout making all the hunters I can see jump. 'The last time I saw this much damage Father had a cold and we spent months putting Olympus back together'. 'Uh yeah it's kinda my fault my lady' I hear a sheepish and congested voice speak up to my left turning towards the fire pit I see Thalia with multiple blankets wrapped round her sat right by the fire shivering. 'Oh for the love of Zeus why didn't any one come and get me?' I mutter under my breath. 'We kinda tried a few of our own cures my lady' Diana pipes up from behind me. 'Thalia was fine till we tried the last one. Turns out despite what dad says giving her grated ginger and peeper tea to drink wasn't such a good idea'. 'Oh for the love of ..' I mutter under my breath shaking my head I look up to sky. 'Apollo I know you're watching no doubt laughing you're Godly ass off, you over grown immature ball of gas, so first ask Aunt Hestia and Athena to meet me in my temple,'. That will give me a chance to pick there brains on the whole having a child of my own thing plus Aunt Hestia sorted Father out no trouble last time I think to my self. 'Second put a warning label next to the cures that shouldn't be used on Demigod children of Father and our Uncles, like you promised you would after that child of Uncle Posiedon's almost levelled Athens, she caused massive earthquakes every time she sneezed.' I reply to the bemused look on my hunters face who then nod in understanding. Scooping up Thalia bridal style I hug her to my chest, smiling a little she buries her face in my small bust. I notice several hunters trying to hide laughter by biting there lips or coughing hardly surprising we must look very funny especially as I look like I am only thirteen years old and I am easily holding up a fifteen year old. 'Girls I'll be back in a bit once I get Thalia looked at, Phoebe you're in charge unless I send Thalia back first. Get a list of every thing that needs replacing, finish putting the fires out and I'll replace the damaged tents when I get back'. After taking a second to make sure the hunter's are looking away and checking Thalia's eyes are closed I flash us to my temple on Olympus and lay Thalia down on the sofa. Waving my hand so she is covered in a thicker blanket from the bed room. HESTIA Humming quietly to my self I continue to watch the various campers mill about while tending to the fire. Smiling as Percy waves at me no doubt on his way to teach a sword fighting class. I do so enjoy watching all the Demigod's racing around especially my Nephews and Nieces. 'Lady Hestia?' turning I regard the nervous shuffling young blonde haired girl behind me. 'yes, what can can I do for you dear?' 'Dad dropped this off in our cabin with your name on it, along with some up-dated books turns out some of the cures should not be used of children of the big three' she handed me a letter and bows nervously before running back to the Apollo cabin shrugging I open the letter. Hi Aunt Hestia, Artie wants you and Athena to meet her in her temple on Olympus, I'm going to tell Athena once I'm done dropping off the new books. Also just so you know expect a rant my daughter Diana gave Thalia my extra strength cold cure and well Thalia kinda destroyed the hunters camp. Don't tell Artie but I'm going to help them fix everything while she is gone. Lots of love your awesome nephew Apollo. Rubbing my hand over my face I shake my head. 'So you're finally doing what you promised Athena you would do before the Trojan war broke out took you long enough Apollo'. Standing up I drop the letter in the fire while smoothing my brown dress out then disappear in flash of fire. Reappearing on Olympus I can't help but pause and admire the redesigned temple in front of me. It's walls appear to be solid silver with hunting scenes etched all around it. The doors are the most eye catching though two rearing hind's with the a full moon above them. Looking to the left I smile at my own modest temple a simple wooden cabin with a large hearth on the door. To my right is Athena's own looking pretty much as I would expect classic Greek architecture with a large owl above an olive tree on the door. 'Annabeth did a great job on these, and thank us that Artemis is not next to Apollo any more the constant fighting was annoying'. Pushing open the door I just have time to register a silver and auburn blur as I'm tackled to the floor before a loud bang goes off right above us. 'Sorry Aunt Hestia' I smile as Artemis rolls off me. Taking in the ceiling for a moment I notice her former Lieutenant Zoe's constellation is etched out in silver and much larger and more prominent than it is in the sky. Getting back up I smooth my dress and hair out again, ignoring the large scorch mark just above where my head was moments ago. 'No problem Artemis, Apollo told me what Diana gave to Thalia. Well better get her sorted out before we have a repeat from last time my dear brother had a cold'. 'Thank you Aunt Hestia, though it was funny how he kept almost hitting a certain bitch queen'. Artemis pauses and gulps at the glare I'm sending her. 'I know you have good reason to dislike Hera Artemis, what with how she treats you, Apollo and Leto but don't insult my baby sister in front of me'. 'Yes Aunt Hestia' she replies while looking down at her feet. 'I need to ask you and Athena something else as well' nodding I stroll over to the sofa where I can see a mess of black hair with a silver circlet covered in multiple blankets. Waving my hand I make a wooden bowl with a green liquid inside appear on the table along with a wooden cup. 'Just have Thalia drink that before each meal and get some rest for a few days and she will be fine, might be better to stay at camp half blood while she is resting though?' Artemis just nods while sitting down and lifting Thalia's feet in to her lap. While I slip the circlet off her head and sit with Thalia's head in my lap. 'Lady Hestia' Thalia mutters while trying to push her self up. I just push her down gently. 'Just rest dear, and please just call me Aunt Hestia I do love it when Athena, Artemis and Apollo call me that. Such a pity they are the only one's who do'. I can't help but pout at this causing Artemis to giggle. Nodding Thalia buries her head in my stomach while I run my hand through her hair. I quietly hum to my self while Artemis keeps looking from me to Thalia and smiling. 'Well you three look comfy' looking up I smile at Athena while she slips in to the love seat across from us. 'So would what did you want Artemis, I can't see you asking to see us just because of Apollo's stupidity?, although if you want to rant and curse him out I won't stop you' gently lifting Thalia's feet Artemis places them back on the sofa then ducks as Thalia sneezes causing Athena to dive to the floor as a vase behind her is destroyed. 'Damn I liked that vase one of Apollo's daughters made it for me' 'I'll see if I can fix it in a moment', Athena replies while straightening her suite before sitting back down, 'now I repeat why are we here?' 'isthereanywayformetohaveachildwithoutbreakingmyvow?' Artemis speaks so fast I can't make a single word out. Athena moans while rubbing her head 'Artemis I love you, I do but you spend too much time around teenagers now how about you try that again.' Blushing a deep gold colour Artemis repeats more slowly ' is there any way for me to have a child with out breaking my vow?' I look at Athena to see an equally shocked expression on her face. 'Um what brought this on?' Artemis flops down next to Athena looking up at the celling. 'I have thought about it before, what with being the Goddess of child birth I'm drawn to kids and I will admit I love my hunters like they are my own daughters'. 'Hmm', Athena interrupts 'I suppose in a way the vow they make is kind of like an adoption'. Artemis just nods 'exactly but I would just like a child of my own either, Godly or Demigod, I'd even except a son as he would probably be my only child.' 'Well I think you have three options, brake your vow and get pregnant that way,' Artemis just makes a gagging noise and pretends to throw up. 'yes given you preference in partners I thought that would be your reaction,' 'how did you ..' 'we all knew about you and Zoe Artemis' I interrupt causing her to blush again. 'May I continue' Athena asks us both with a raised eyebrow we both just nod. 'option two ask Hera for help,' 'that bit..' Artemis gulps at my glare 'women would never help me she hates me' 'true, sad but true' Athena agrees 'I think the only reason myself and Persophone don't get any grief from her is cause we were born before she married Father'. I just nod when they both look at me. 'not that I blame her with how my baby brother can't keep it in pants, but I wish she would take it out on him and not the