Disclaimer: I own nothing except for Aryal (and Leazif (the horse). Not Betad, every mistake is my own. Note: English is not my first lanuage. This is the sequel to A Different Kind of Trouble. You probably should have read that one first. Probably ;). 'What do you mean? She didn't make it here?' Prince Legolas was raging. His normally fair and calm face was red with hanger and worry. Arwen's birthday was coming up and Aryal had wanted to help plan the birthday celebrations. Legolas had led his wife go, though with some discomfort. He himself couldn't escort her and he never liked it if he couldn't look after her. Now it seemed his doubts were justified. 'She had a guard with her, what happened to them?' Legolas shouted. 'We found them, dead, close to the borders.' Aragorn answered calmly. 'I understand your fear, but you have got to keep it together. Aryal won't be helped if you fall apart.' Legolas couldn't deny the logic behind that statement. He took a deep breath and let it slowly slip, calming him down. 'You're right. It is just..' He couldn't finish that sentence. Aragorn slowly walked to his friend and put his hand on his friend's shoulder. That simple gesture broke down all the prince defences. His fight to hold back tears was lost. 'It's just after what happened with Metzar. She nearly lost it. She has been very ill for a long time after that.' Aragorn remained silent. This was completely new for him. It did explain why his friend was so careful when it came to leaving his wife alone. It had taken Aryal and Arwen quite some persuasion to let Aryal come to Minas Tirith without her husband. 'She nearly faded from fear of losing me. No matter what her attitude towards you, she was literary scared to death.' Legolas finished his story. He whipped the tears from his face. 'We'll do anything to get her back, Mellon Nin. My people and some rangers are already looking for news concerning her as we speak.' Aragorn said. Legolas looked at his friend. How had such a little boy, he had met so many years ago, turn in such a great man? In such a great king? 'Thank you Estel.' The Elfen prince found his composure. Aragorn gave a weak smile, the elf and his pride. 'When do we leave?' Legolas asked. Aragorn looked surprised at the question. 'Leave? We don't participate in the search. We can't risk being caught ourselves' 'Your fear is us being captured? My wife might be dead and you worry about us.' Legolas anger took a hold of him. 'No, I'm not worried about us being captured. I am worried, however, that Gondor might lose its king and Mirkwood its prince. You have to consider that Mellon Nin.' Estel said more calmly then he felt. If it had been up to him he would have left days ago. He realised how much this hurt his friend. If it had been Arwen gone missing, Legolas would be amongst the first to start a search. Legolas calmed down slightly. He knew there would be no point in arguing. If he continued this, Aragorn might order him a guard. 'You're right.' He sighed. His anger still close beneath the surface. 'Now I would like to be alone.' With that the prince burst out of the kings room and rushed to his own. It was almost dark by the time Legolas finished the note he had been working on all afternoon. He was fully dressed. He strapped up his quiver and his knifes. He took his bow and placed the note on the bed. Aragorn would find it there. He opened his window. Luckily even after all these years he still had the same room every time he came to visit Aragorn. The tree beside the window always came in handy. With the ease of a wood-elf he climbed down and whistled for Arod. Who had been his horse since the quest for the ring. He always let the horse run free. He mounted Arod without much effort. 'Noro lim.' The elf whispered in the horse ear. They sped off leaving Minas Tirith and Aragorn far behind. 'I am sorry Estel. I can't just sit around and do nothing.' Legolas said while looking. Exactly that second Aragorn woke up. His instinct told him that Legolas had left. Their bond was that close, it always had been. He carefully climbed out of bed, without waking Arwen. He walked to Legolas' room hoping his feelings were unjust. Still he didn't really believe it. First thing the man noticed when he entered his friend's room was the open window. Legolas hadn't bothered covering that up. Aragorn would know he went through the window anyway. 'I really must get that tree removed.' Aragorn said mockingly to himself. He looked around the room and found the note. Dear Estel Though I understand you concerns. I must disagree with you. You are worried about Mirkwood losing its prince. But the truth is, without her I would be lost. I can not just sit around and do nothing. I'd rather die with her, instead of trying to live on without her. I nearly lost her last time. I am not ready to lose her again. With Arwen as your wife, you should understand. Legolas 'Did you really expect him to stay?' Aragorn jumped up at the sudden voice behind him. He hadn't gotten used to his wife sneaking up at him. He had been to focused on the letter to hear someone entering the room. 'No, I didn't. I had just hoped he would stay and let me handle this, but.' 'Would you just sit around if your places had been reversed and I was the one missing.' Arwen interrupted him. 'I would be the first one the road looking for you. No matter what anyone else said.' Aragorn answered honestly. 'And Legolas would be second.' Arwen finished. 'Legolas was hurt in more than one way, Estel.' She didn't sound accusing. She just stated a fact. 'Do you agree with him? Should I have gone with him?' Aragorn asked. In his heart he knew he wanted to be with his friend to help him. His advisors had told him not to, from fear of losing their king. It had sounded logical back then. Aragorn wondered wherever his choice had been the right one. 'Your choice was your own. It is not my place to say if it was right or wrong. What does your heart tell you Estel? The kingdom is safe at the moment. Aryal and Legolas aren't. What does your heart tell you to do?' Aragorn didn't miss the silent pleas. After what had happened with Metzar, it was only because Aragorn had been less injured that Arwen had remained herself. On top of that, Arwen had no intention of losing two of her best friends. 'If you stay her, I'll go as soon as I'm packed. But only if you promise to stay.' Aragorn said, while looking at his wife. He would go, but only if he was certain that she remained safe. 'I'll stay and watch over Gondor. Just hurry and bring them both back alive.' Arwen said, though without really liking it. She had been planning on coming along. She hated to sit back and do nothing. As soon as Aragorn had heard her reply he sighed with relieve. He hurried out of the room to go packing. He didn't notice that Arwen wrote a note and sent a bird away with it. It didn't take Aragorn long to finish his preparations. He had packed a lot of Athealas. Knowing Legolas, he would find some trouble, or the trouble would find him. The only thing he was still missing was his sword. Which was strange, because the mostly wore Anduril. Nobody except him and Arwen had access to the room where he kept his weapons. Suddenly it struck him. 'Arwen!' He shouted. The queen almost ran into her husband. He almost never screamed. His self-control wouldn't allow it. This had to be important. 'Where did you put Anduril?' Aragorn tried to put it nicely, but failed miserably. 'Before you go and freak out, I had a good reason to hide it from you.' She answered giving him his sword back. 'What reason?' Aragorn's anger was less, because of the returning of his sword, but not yet gone. 'It was to stall you. If I can't go with you, I asked someone else to accompany you.' Arwen explained. She was relieved when she saw Aragorn's anger fade away. 'I was worried.' 'It is alright my love. Who did you ask?' 'She asked me.' Said a familiar voice from behind them. 'Faramir,' Arwen said happily, hugging the man who had just entered the room. 'It is good to see you.' At first all Aragorn could do was stare at the other man. The surprise overwhelmed him. 'It is good to see you, my friend, but how did you make it here so quickly? Ithilien is a few days ride at least.' Aragorn asked when he had recovered from the shock. However Faramir had done it, it was good to see his friend again. 'I was on patrol in the neighbourhood. I sped this way after I received Arwen's letter. At this response Aragorn looked at Arwen gratefully. He knew he didn't have to say anything. Arwen could read his eyes better than anyone, with the possible exception of Legolas. 'If you have been on patrol, you might need some rest. However I can't afford the delay. I'll have to go now.' Aragorn said to Faramir. He didn't like asking his friend to accompany him so quickly after a journey. Faramir studied Aragorn for a moment. During the quest he had grown to becoming a good friend of both Aragorn and Legolas. He had studied their friendship and had found there was none like it. He couldn't imagine what Aragorn had to feel, but it looked a lot like guilt. Guilt for not going with his friend in the first place. 'Don't worry about me. All I need is a fresh horse and I'm ready to go.' Faramir said. He had pulled through long shifts before. He would be fine for quite some time. For Legolas' sake, he had to. 'Already arranged. Brego and Leazif gave been prepared and are ready to leave.' Arwen said. 'You can leave no if you're all set. 'Leazif? You lend him one of your own horses?' Aragorn whispered to Arwen during their walk to the horses. 'Speed is required. Almost nothing in Middle-Earth is faster than an elfish horse. You'll need his speed.' Arwen said. She considered something. 'If Faramir should fall asleep from exhaustion, she won't throw him off.' She whispered back thoughtfully. Aragorn thought about that and could only agree. 'I just hope you won't regret sending her into danger.' He said and he kissed her. It was not the long passionate kiss, Arwen had longed for, but that would mean a real farewell. She only wanted him back as soon as possible. Aragorn mounted Brego and Faramir followed his lead with Leazif. The two stormed away. Arwen just looked how the two of them left her sight. 'Why would I mind sending her into danger. Apparently all I love are facing exactly that.' Arwen muttered to herself, before heading back to the castle. Legolas had made it a long way from Minas Tirith. He had reached the borders and was staring at a horrific scene. In front of him were about a dozen graves. He realised that that was probably Aryal's guard. The graves were nameless, but on every grave was one little flower planted. He felt grateful for Aragorn having his men buried. It wasn't the way of the elves, but anything was better that just leave the bodies laying around. He pulled his