Disclaimer: I own nothing Not Betad, every mistake is my own. Note: English is not my first lanuage. So on to the story. 'I'm not ready to lose him, Aragorn. I wasn't ready years ago, I'm not ready now.' The woman looked at the mutilated body of her husband. Aragorn himself looked better, there were cuts all over his body, he had some bruised ribs and a broken ankle. However compared to Legolas he had been lucky. The fair elf had a deep knife wound in his shoulder, had at least three broken ribs, but what concerned her the most were the whiplashes on his back. One of those wounds came scarily close to the elf's neck. Legolas had lost more blood, then he could lose and had been unconscious since the rescue a week ago. 'You won't lose him, I have faith in your skills. I couldn't have done it better myself.' Aragorn tried to joke. He had been honest. Aryal was a skilled healer, at least as good as he was himself. The truth was he feared as much for Legolas' life as she did. He was afraid he had put the elf in danger, one time too many. Aryal saw the look on his face. 'You can't blame yourself Aragorn. He came with you because he wanted to.' Aragorn looked surprised, if someone was going to blame him, he had expected it to be her. She of all people had every right to be mad. Still she was trying to help him. 'I can't help it, if he hadn't been there none of this had happened.' 'And you wouldn't have been alive right now.' She argued. 'Don't take that away from him.' She is right Aragorn thought. How could he have disliked her. When Legolas had told him he was getting married, he hadn't wanted anything to do with her. Actually he had tried to keep him from getting married. Now, he was happy, Legolas had went through with it. She was hurting herself and still managed to make him feel better. 'You're right, he saved my life.' But I won't accept his life in exchange for mine. Aragorn never said this out loud. He knew that would upset Aryal more. Besides that she would tell Arwen. Both woman were watching him too closely already. Aragorn had insisted on leaving his bed. He had wanted to go to Legolas. Arwen had objected, but Aryal had agreed. She understood how the man felt. Aragorn had woken up four days ago, he had spent two days in bed and the other two in Legolas' room. He looked at Aryal, she looked exhausted. He figured that she hadn't slept since their capture. Flashback 'So the king of Gondor and the prince of Mirkwood in my grasp.' Metzar said. 'I should be honoured. May I ask what your business is in my territory.' 'Your territory...' Aragorn raged, 'last time I checked this is still a part of Gondor.' He was being held and his hands were tied behind his back. A guard stepped angrily towards Aragorn for the outburst. 'Wait!' Metzar shouted, when the guard looked back at him, he nodded towards Legolas, who was also being held. The guard grinned and stepped towards the elf. Before Legolas had a time to prepare, he got a punch in the chest. Air was knocked out off his lungs and he bend forwards. He managed to withheld a scream, he would not give the man the pleasure. This only made the men angrier and he punched again and again, before Metzar was able to call the guard back. Legolas still hadn't made a sound. Aragorn looked horrified at his friend. Metzar seemed pleased enough with Aragorn's reaction and nodded to the guards holding them. Aragorn was pushed towards the wall, but before he could hit it he found his balance. Legolas wasn't so lucky, he still was trying to catch his breath when he was pushed. He hit his head hard against the wall. He fell numb on the floor. Aragorn watched as the cell they were in was closed and rushed to his friend. He was glad to see that Legolas was still conscious. Aragorn helped Legolas sit up and untied his hands, with some trouble. 'Can you..' Only then he saw the pain in the elf's face. 'Legolas, you have to untie me.' Legolas who still had trouble breathing, just nodded. Aragorn turned and Legolas untied him. 'How are you feeling?' Aragorn asked, already knowing the answer. 'I'm fine,' Legolas answered. Aragorn sighed. The elf and his stubbornness. 'You must focus on getting us out of here.' Aragorn couldn't argue with that. Aragorn went to check out the cell, in the corner of his eyes he saw the elf pulling himself to sit against the wall. The elf flinched as he hit the wall. Aragorn didn't miss it. Those punches must have done more damage than I thought. Aragorn immediately felt guilty. When he finished searching the cell, he had found nothing. He went to check up on Legolas. He was scared when he saw that Legolas had closed his eyes. The shock disappeared when he noticed that the elf was still breathing. Legolas had fallen asleep. Aragorn was actually very happy with that, it made the examination a lot easier. Aragorn felt Legolas chest and flinched, at least two ribs were bruised, but one of them was definitely broken. It was sad that Aragorn had nothing to help the elf with. When Aragorn looked up, he looked right into Legolas' blue eyes. The elf's eyes held shock in them. 'You would never have accepted examination, if you had been awake.' Aragorn simply said. Legolas could see the truth in that statement and sighed: 'So, I'm fine right, just like I told you.' It sounded like he didn't believe that himself. 'You're not fine and you know it.' Aragorn sounded concerned. Legolas decided to change the subject. 'Stop worrying about me Estel. Did you find a way out of here?' 'There is no way out.' The statement came from Metzar at the door. Legolas' features changed any sign of pain in his face was gone. Aragorn stood up, more calmly then the last time Metzar was there. 'Why are you doing this?' He asked, though the answer was predictable. 'You shouldn't have become king of Gondor. Lord Denethor had promised my father land. You becoming king ruined everything.' Aragorn had expected something like that. Denethor's death had changed a lot of things and Faramir had no idea of his father's plans and promises. 'So your elfish prince decided to join us.' Metzar grinned as he saw Legolas stand up. Aragorn turned around and was caught off guard. One guard jumped at Aragorn and put a knife against his neck. Legolas didn't hesitate and jumped at Metzar. He placed his arm around his captor's neck. 'Release him or I'll break his neck.' Legolas shouted to the guard. 'You know what, I'll order my guard to release the king if you let me go.' Metzar choked. 'Only if you give me your word.' Legolas said after slight hesitation. 'Legolas no, you can escape.' Aragorn said. Metzar tried to smile. 'I give you my word, or would you rather escape and leave the king to my guards.' Legolas looked at Aragorn and realised he couldn't leave his friend here to die. He released Metzar. Metzar smiled and punched his elbow in Legolas' stomach, before ordering his guard to let Aragorn go. Legolas quickly found his breath and walked to Aragorn. Aragorn was about to speak, but Metzar beat him in the face. 'You shouldn't have done that, prince.' Metzar spat. He walked towards Legolas, with a dangerous glint in his eyes. Neither Legolas nor Aragorn had seen the knife. Everything happened too fast. Metzar pushed the elf to the wall and pushed the knife in his shoulder, pinning him to the wall. Legolas fought to suppress a scream, but the pain was visible on his face. Metzar pushed the knife in some further, before exiting the cell. Blood gazed from the wound and with Metzar gone Aragorn rushed to his friend. He felt at the knife, it would take al lot of force to get it from the wall. Still he couldn't leave his friend stuck like that. 'Hold on Mellon nin,' he looked at Legolas, who had understood him. 'Do it.' Legolas' voice was soft, but clear. Aragorn grabbed the knife and gave one hard pull. Legolas gave a small cry when the knife came loose and fell on the floor. With the knife gone the wound began to bleed even more. Aragon ripped some fabric from his cloak and used it as bandage. He bandaged the wound tightly to stop the bleeding, there wasn't anything else he could do. Legolas was fighting to stay conscious. 'You shouldn't have done that mellon nin.' Aragorn already felt guilty for his friends injuries. 'Not your fault' was all the elf managed to say before darkness took him. Aragorn sought for a pulse and was relieved when he found one. Rest my friend, you deserve it, Aragon thought. He just hoped that Metzar wouldn't return for some time. Real time Aragorn sat beside his friend's bed. He had convinced Aryal to get some sleep. She needed it. He would wake her if anything changed in Legolas' condition. The elf looked so peaceful. He didn't show any pain. And in some small way, Aragorn envied him. He still felt guilty despite Aryal's words. He knew that if their places were switched, the elf would have been consumed by guilt as well. 'I'm sorry you risked your life for me, again. I'm sorry you had to. I'm sorry that you are lying here instead of me. I'm sorry..' He never got to finish that sentence. 'Don't let Aryal hear that. Or she'll be at your throat.' Arwen said with a weak smile. She was standing in the doorway. 'She doesn't say, but even she feels guilty. However, that doesn't change anything. She loves her husband, but feeling guilty doesn't help Legolas.' She looked from her husband to their friend. Legolas looked scary pale. 'He cares for you, like you care for him. Do you think he would want you killing yourself with your guilt.' Arwen took her husband's hand, but didn't say anything else. Aragorn looked at his wife, how can women be so rational at one point and so irrational at the other. He remembered the fight he and Aryal had had a few days before her marriage with Legolas. Aragorn still hadn't trusted her and she had become furious about something he had said. Aragorn had had a black eye at the wedding. He smiled shortly at the memory. He had grown to like and admire Aryal. Legolas had made a good choice. It was odd though, that of all the time he and Aryal could get along it was now when Legolas life was threatened. Flashback Metzar returned, but Legolas was still unconscious. Aragorn laid the elf nicely down on the ground and stood protective in front of his friend. Metzar looked on the fair elf's unconscious body and smiled. Aragorn felt his anger return. 'Stay away from him.' His spoke loudly. He launched himself at Metzar, but before he could get close a guard grabbed him. The guard threw Aragorn across the cell. Aragorn landed wrongly on his feet and heard something snap. He fell hard on the floor. Metzar noticed Legolas was waking up. 'Do you give me the promised land?' he asked dangerously. Aragorn who hadn't noticed Legolas was becoming conscious, shouted immediately: 'No!' Metzar gave Aragorn a weak yet terrifying smile. 'Have it your way.' He sighed. 'Get him,' he ordered a guard and he pointed to Legolas. 'No!' Aragorn shouted, while he tried to stand up. Only to fall down again. 'You clearly don't care about your own life. So