Chapter one: life in the ashes My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen yours old. My home is District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capital hates me. Peeta was taken prisoner. He is thought to be dead. Most likely he is dead it is probably best if he is… "Katniss. Should I come down?" My best friend Gale's voice reaches me thought the headset the rebels insisted I wear. He's up in a hovercraft; watching me carefully, ready to swoop in if anything goes amiss. "No need, I'm fine," I call back through that headset, and slowly move away from the ashes that used to be my childhood home in the Seam. Showing both the district 13 officials and Gale that I am fine. The doctors had finally stared weaning me off the medications for the concussion Joanna gave me in the arena and my breakdowns. The medications make me feel off, dimming my emotions making me think slower and some time making me see things. I couldn't risk them thinking it was too soon to lower my meds. I was confused enough without its numbing side effects and making me hallucinate. "Emotional trauma," one of the doctors said. That is the case of my muddled, confusion mind and 'breakdowns' making me need the meds. In the end it means I am 'mentally unstable'. I take a deep breath turn away form were my old home stood, choking on the ash in the air around me. However I'm not sure it's the ash itself that makes me choke or the thought this ash could be a person. The ash in the air is no longer just coal dust from the mines but also from the destruction of the district's homes, shops, and the people of 12. Their deaths fall on my shoulders entirely…. If only I had not shot the arrow into the arena's force field, then maybe the ashes of the dead I choke on now would still be living people. Oppressed, yes, but alive. I stick to the road out of habit, but it's a bad choice, because it's full of the remains of those who tried to flee. Some were incinerated entirely. But others, probably overcome with smoke, escaped the worst of flames and now lie reeking in various states of decomposition, carrion for scavengers, blanketed by flies. I killed you, I think as I pass a pile, and you and you . The realization nearly makes me double over. Yes, I killed all these people with my impulsive act in the arena. District 12 is still burning, like me, 'the girl on fire', I think as I look up at the fires at the coalmines, the black smoke almost blacking out the sun. But there is no one left to care. Most of the District's population is dead. The small numbers of survivors, my family and Gale's among them, have Gale to thank for their lives. We had no resistance movement here in 12, as soon as I was lifted from the arena the electricity in 12 was cut. And within only fifteen minutes the sky was filled with hoverplanes releasing bombs. It was Gale who thought to herd those he could to the Meadow, the only place in 12 not filled with old wood and coal dust. He organized the survivors to pull down the fence, now harmless without electricity, and led the people to the only place he could think that might be safe: my father's lake. He then fought to keep people fed for 3 days before the hovercrafts from 13 showed up and evacuated everyone. Gale is a true hero in the hearts of the District 12 survivors, thought he do's not like to think of himself that why. District 13 gladly took in the survivors from 12. Giving us food, shelter, jobs and educating the young children. District 13 has been living underground in secret since the end of the dark days. Under the ruined city the capital shows the other districts on reaping day. Unfortunately their population has been slowly declining, so their kindness could be interpreted as them needing more people for the district. A suspicion I have that is apparently shared with another refugee form 10, Dalton, who told me one night "they need you. Me. They need us all. New breeding stock because of a pox epidemic leaving most of them unable to have kids," he whispered to me as I crept though the hall of 13 looking for a good place to hid. The surface beneath my feet hardens from the dirt roads leading out of the Seam to the paving stones of the square. There was nothing left—the Justice building, the merchant businesses and homes even the Mayor's mansion's, gone. Besides the meadow the only thing left in 12 was Victor's village. They probably only spared it to show the other districts that there was no ways to eradicate the Capital's hold on them. Or perhaps it was simply so that if someone from the Capital ever had to stay in 12 they had someone nice. Who knows what they were thinking. I look over at what remains of Peeta family's bakery, only ash and a melted metal slab, part of the ovens I assume. None of Peeta's family made it out. His mother, father, two older brothers, his sister-in-law, and his 3-year-old nephew all wiped out of existence because of the Capital,because of my arrow, because of me . Peeta truly would have no one except for me to come home to now. I'm staring to think I could be losing my mind. Not that he is going to be coming home. Because I failed in saving him, the Capital has most likely killed him. I turn and run from the sight of the ash that was Peeta's bakery to the only place that still stands in 12, Victor's Village. I bolt into the house that was mine, slamming the door. It looks as if my family is still live here; nothing has changed. It's clean and quiet, nothing out of place. "What am I going to do?" I whisper into the quiet. The rebel leaders, Plutharch Heavensbee, and the authorities in District 13 all keep telling me that I must become the embodiment of the rebellion, it's Mockingjay. It's why they went to all the trouble of getting me out of the arena alive. It seems my past actions have not been enough, defying the Capital in the Games, being a rallying point of the people of the Districts. Now I most be the leader of the rebellion. No, that's not right, just the face of it: the rebel's puppet. The only person who says nothing to me is the president of 13, Alma Coin. She's in her fifties, I think, gray hair straight as a sheet to her shoulders and grey eyes. But not like the people from the Seam. No, her eyes are pale as if the color has left them altogether. There's something in her eyes I just don't trust. However I try not to think about it. I move silently through the downstairs, not wanting to make a sound. I pick up remembrances as I go, adding them to my hunting bag. My parents wedding day photo, a blue hair ribbon for Prim. I let out a relived sigh when I grab my family's medicinal and edible plant book. What am I going to do? I ask myself again as I head up the stairs. Become the Mockingjay…? Would that help anyone? It seems every time I do anything people end up getting hurt or killed. I stop half way up the stairs at the sound of a hiss in the kitchen doorway: ears flattened, glaring at me, is the ugliest cat in the world. "Buttercup," I say, moving back down the stairs. Somehow he has survived, and he looks well-fed too. I don't want to think about what he has been eating. He must be getting in and out through the window we always keep ajar for him. I get down low to the floor and put my hand out to him, but he only hisses at it. "Come here boy." He hisses and swipes at me with his paw. Buttercup and I have never gotten along, and he is likely mad about being left behind. "Do you want to see Prim?" That did it. His ears perk up and he lets out a meow and approaches me. I grab him, putting him into my game bag that has the photo, ribbon and book already in it. There no other why to get him on the hovercraft, and getting him back to Prim will make her happy. He means the world to her. "We need to go," Gale's voice says over the headset. But before I can go there is still one more thing I need in this house. I sling the strap of the bag over my shoulder and run up to my bedroom. I had moved my father's hunting jacket here from the old house before I left for the Quell, hoping it would be a comfort to Mom and Prim when I was dead. Good thing too or we would have lost it along with the old house. As I pick up the jacket, feeling its worn leather between my fingers and its familiar smell of the woods, a calm seeps into me, like my father is here in the room. I take in what feels like the first real breath in a long time and just like that the calm leaves me. In its place an uncomfortable tingling sensation runs down my spine, my palms begin to sweat and a strange feeling creeps up the back of my neck. That's when I smell it. The strange artificial smell of President Snow's white rose. I look around my room and there it is, preserved perfectly like it was just picked, in a vase of dried flowers on my dresser. I know he sent it. President Snow. How long has it been here? A day? An hour? No, the rebels swept the village before letting me come to 12. No, this was a message for me, that only I would know the meaning of. That we have unfinished biasness. That he will kill me and everyone I love. I run from the room, downstairs and out of the house, my father's jacket under my arm and my hunting bag still slung onto one of my shoulders with a hissing protesting Buttercup inside. I gulp down the fresh air outside, purging myself of the smell of the rose. I look around myself, and my eyes lock on Peeta's house. Part of me wonders if I should run in and just grab something of his so that the world does not forget him, and the more selfish part of me adds so that I have a part of him to keep with me. His sketchbooks, his apron, just something of his that's just Peeta, that does not have the Capital's taint on it. Something of his that will remind me of the hope he once gave me, something of the boy with the bread. Slowly I make my way over to his house, Gale protesting in my ear that going to Peeta's is a bad idea, and how we really do need to leave. I ignore him, and climb the steps leading to Peeta's front door. The need to have a piece of Peeta to hold on to nags at me. I hear a clattering sound from inside and freeze in place. Could there be a trap inside, one of President Snow's soldiers lying in wait for me? No, the rebels swept the village. It's most likely an animal that got in somehow. Or maybe a survivor. My heart leaps at the thought, only to sink again. The rebels swept the village.