{A/N} This is a self-insert story. What author doesn't have one when they write fanfiction? Any feedback is quite appreciative, as well as constructive criticism. It has been a long time since I've written, and this story does not have a beta, therefore there may be some grammatical mistakes. I've edited as best I can but an author can't catch every mistake they've made, so if anyone wants to point something out I'd appreciate it. I do curse like a sailor in my internal monologue, so I'm sorry if this annoys or insults someone, but it's how I think as a person, therefore it's how I"ll be writing myself as a character. Obligatory, J.K. Rowling owns Harry Potter and the Potterverse. I don't own anything except myself, and I'd sell my soul for a chance to meet Jim Butcher, my idol. Darkness is a radical concept. I've never been able to achieve true darkness when trying to fall asleep. Living in a converted basement would sound conducive to that but even with blackout curtains on the door out to the storage room, there's always just that tiny sliver of light. The lights on my computer might flicker even though I turned it off or the hallway light might be on outside the door to my bedroom. My point is, there's always something keeping me from achieving a true darkness, and now that I'm experiencing one, it's pretty radical. Of course, being dead and all, I should have expected it. I know it's surprising, such a swell young guy like me just up and dying, right? One minute I'm driving down the road on my way to meet up with some friends for a drink and the next there's a car slamming into the driver's side door of my pickup truck. I lived past the initial impact but there was something wrong with my back and I couldn't feel a damn thing below my chest. I was pretty woozy when the paramedics got there and heard something about internal bleeding but by that time I'd decided to say screw it pass out and let the paramedics do their damn job. The problem was, I don't think I woke up. Sure I mean, I've got some type of consciousness now but it's like in the Metallica song One, no sight, no sound, no feeling. Nothing. This is pretty much what I figured death would be like, except without the consciousness part. I was only an occasional church-goer after I turned 16 and my parents couldn't make me go anymore, so I figured God and I weren't as cool with each other as we could have been. I'd like to say that I lived a decent life with minimal lying, stealing, cheating, and other various and sundry things, but really, I was only 22 when I died and hadn't had long to make up for the follies of youth. Whilst pondering whether I was in Hell, Heaven, or some other transitory place, for an immeasurable amount of time I began to notice a beat. It was a bit like laying your head against someone's chest and listening to their heart beat, but in surround sound, and without the steady beat. Not really the best metaphor I've ever made, but you get the picture. This one came faintly at first, and there was so long between beats that I didn't really notice anything at first, but soon it picked up and the frequency became shorter and the all encompassing darkness began to writhe and beat faster. At this point I was shitting my metaphorical pants and trying to exert my will on my environment with absolutely no success. And then I was moving, and let me tell you that in hindsight it should have been obvious, but thinking about my second birth still makes me queasy. I could finally hear again, and feel, and feel I did. The air was rough like it never had been on my skin and I was sore all over, and it was freezing cold and so, giving into my body's instincts I cried and whimpered until something warm and soft was wrapped around me. My eyelids were thin and I could tell that there was an intensely bright light on so I kept them shut as I was passed around. It was only when the light had dimmed a bit that I cracked my eyes open, and wasn't that an ordeal because my eyelids did not want to obey my commands, and took a good look around. Indistinct blurs greeted my newly opened eyes, something I was familiar with due to my poor vision before I died, and I couldn't make anything out until someone pulled me very close to to themselves and blue eyes filled my vision. A soft, maternal voice cooed from very near me, "Hello Michael, I'm very happy to meet you." Let me tell you, being a baby is a pretty boring existence, especially if you have the mind of a 22 year old man. Most days I just lounged around and everything was pretty much a blur. Of course that did give me a lot of time to have an existential crisis. When I finally figured out that I had been reborn, I freaked the fuck out. My parents must have thought I had a terrible disease because I screamed and shouted my head off for three days straight. Once I'd calmed down, and given my poor new parents some rest, I lay there in my tiny baby body with my metaphorical jaw wide open as I considered that damn, Buddha had it spot on. At least, I was fairly sure that Buddha was spot on because he's the only guy I thought of when I considered reincarnation. There was also something about the caste system in India but I'd written that off years ago, in a sense, as ridiculous. I was beginning to rethink that. It took me a while because I had to wait for my hearing and eyesight to get a bit better and because I freaking had to listen to my parents actually talk, not talk to me in baby talk, but I finally figured out who and where the hell I was. My name is now Michael Cooper, firstborn to Terry and Kathy Cooper. I was born on July 29th, 1980. We live in Austin, Texas where my new father works as an engineer at an oil and gas company, and my new mother works as an elementary school teacher. They'd apparently been high school sweethearts who went to college together and got married straight after, having me barely a year after the wedding. My father apparently had a very cushy job because from what I could see from being carried around the house it was brand new my parents owned it. It was spacious, but not overly so for a new family just starting out with two stories and three bedrooms. I didn't see father that often in the beginning, probably because he had to work hard to keep up with a new house and a new baby so I spent most of my time with my mother. Kathy Cooper was pretty in the girl-next-door kind of way, like so many others in Texas. Tall, blond haired and blue eyed, curvy in all the right places, she was probably a cheerleader in high school. (I later found out that yes, she was.) Dad was also quite tall, well muscled, but with the beginnings of a gut that suggested he'd spent more time inside than out since high school, probably from getting his engineering degree. He had dark hair, dark eyes, and a deep voice that was pleasantly soothing to my small ears whenever I felt like a nap. Growing up again kind of sucked because it wouldn't be until high school that I would get started on my do-over. Before I was reincarnated I had never been a great student. Solid B's and C's through high school and college and a fairly useless history degree. This time around I was savoring the chance to improve my grades, because who doesn't want to go back in time and tell themselves as a kid that they need to get their rear in gear and study hard. I'd also come to the conclusion that a higher power had allowed me to keep my memories through my reincarnation, it could have been a crazy random happenstance but better safe than sorry, and I didn't want to piss it off by wasting my second chance. Of course, I'd gone through in the 2000's and the 2010's and now I'd been reincarnated in the 1980's. My mind was awhirl with all of the things I could do and see that I'd been too young for while growing up the first time. But that was all in the future. I had to make it through elementary school first. That was a bitch. I didn't want to make an early reputation as a genius, because I wasn't. Originally I had been a very bright child, elementary school had been a time of rapid learning and a burgeoning understanding of the world. In middle school I discovered video games and the television and lost all drive. I squandered my potential the first time around and was damned if I would do it again. Even with my reincarnation I would never be a genius, but I was still quite smart, and would work to live up to it this time around. That didn't help the frustration I felt at my little six year old peers. They just weren't on the same level as I was mentally and were content to color cows and pigs with their crayola crayons. I'll be damned if I have to color more than a single page full of barnyard animals! I developed a reputation as a solitary child, content with his books that were not quite first grade material, but probably wouldn't get me in trouble in the skipping grades department. I was labelled a precocious child, pleasant and polite, but distant from the other children in my classroom. My mother was a real saint. She was truly kind and caring and provided a warm loving home that I could relax in. We played games and read books together, and really I turned into a complete mama's boy. The first time I grew up my parents worked all day, we were upper middle class and my parents had good jobs but they just weren't around a huge amount. Some of the 1950's attitude still pervaded American culture that women were the homemakers and my mom made a good one. It was nice to act like a kid. When I turned seven I thought it was high time I learned an instrument. Previously I was a singer, but never had any formal training beyond high school choir. I had a pretty damn good voice if I wanted to brag, but always regretted never learning an instrument, or really how to read music at all. So I badgered my parents into getting me violin and piano lessons. Piano because I had always found it soothing, and because it gave me a foundation in musical theory that I hadn't had before, and violin because there was some very sexy violin music out there and I really wanted to be able to play it for myself. Instruments were something new, and I relished the challenge. I wasn't good at it immediately, and felt the familiar thrill of accomplishment whenever I learned something new or played something that didn't sound like a dead chicken. Life was looking up. Then there was the big move. When I was eight my dad took a big managerial position in a new office his company was opening in England and we moved across the pond. Now Britain was very different from Texas, it was very different from the good 'ole South