So...this little gem was in my old computer files. I had started writing it as a way to get my creative juices flowing for Journey to Find the One and it eventually took on a life of it's own. Now, it is time for me to share this little story with you guys...please let me know what you think of it. I will probably post one chapter of this story and one of Journey a week. Chapter 1 (Bella) Life as a single mother November 2011 "Night guys!" I called out as I head out of the hospital after a fairly easy night at work. Several of the nurses waved at me as I headed for the elevator. "Night, Bella. Have a great few days off!" Angela called out as she stuck her head around the edge of the medicine closet. I laughed at her because she knew that my days off were always hectic. "Have a good, Ang. See you and Ben tomorrow." I called out to her as the elevator doors slid open. "Yep." She called back in confirmation as the doors slid shut separating us. Despite the fact that it was just a week before Halloween it was almost eighty degrees when I stepped through the doors of the hospital I had worked at for the past six years. I graduated with my nursing degree from LSU six years ago and immediately found a job at New Orleans Children's Hospital, which had been my dream since I entered college. While most people in my nursing program was happy to just graduate with their nursing degree, I wasn't. I went on to take an exam to specialize in pediatrics and aced it. That allowed me to apply for my dream job and get offered an internship where I eventually got hired full-time as a pediatric nurse upon completion of the six month internship. My phone began ringing before I even made it to my car. "Hey sweetheart, I'll be home in ten minutes." I said in lieu of the normal 'hello' greeting because I knew that it was my oldest niece checking in on me and letting me know that she was up for school. This was the routine when I did my turn at pulling the night shift. "Okay, Aunt Bella. Love you." She said before hanging up without another word. I stuffed my phone back in the pocket of my scrub top pulling out my keys instead. I pressed the button and smiled at hearing the beep of my Subaru that I had been forced to buy this past January when I took in my brother's three children. Prior to taking in my three nieces I drove the same old rusty truck that I had bought my first year of college. I hadn't batted an eye when my brother asked me to foster his three children over the phone at two o'clock in the morning from a police station in Georgia just a mere four days into the New Year. As soon as I got off the phone with him I broke down in tears but sucked it up so that I could call in to work to take a few weeks off to make my brother's plea a reality. By eight o'clock the next morning I was well on my way to being a certified foster parent, proud renter of a four bedroom home, and owner of a brand new shiny red Subaru Outback. Six days after that initial phone call I drove back to New Orleans with three very cranky little girls in the back seat. Molly was eleven years old, Mia was four, and Maci wasn't quite three months old at the time. My brother had been pulled over for speeding and was arrested for possession of a controlled substance, child endangerment, and child abuse along with his wife. The girls were put into a temporary foster home until I was certified to take them. Jake and Vanessa, were both sentenced to 15 years in prison because of the amount of drugs found in the car along with the condition of the children. I only agreed to take in the girls if they signed their rights away and let me adopt them legally right away. Neither one of them batted an eye when I presented them with the deal and both agreed; signing the papers four days after their arrest. The adoption was finalized two months after they first came to live with me and we had all settled into a new routine that worked for us. It took me less than ten minutes to pull into the driveway of the home I had moved into after the phone call that changed my entire world. "Molly! Mia!" I called out as I unlocked the front door. "Alice!" It wasn't my dream home but it was working for the time being. I had been house hunting on my days off for the past few months but so far nothing had sparked my interest enough to put an offer on one. "In here!" I heard Alice call out from the direction of the kitchen. Alice was my best friend, my partner in crime, and my savior. She and I had been roommates the entire time we both attended LSU. Prior to the phone call we had been sharing the same apartment since we were college freshmen. When I had told her about taking in the girls and needing to find something suitable for them she said to be sure and find something big enough to fit her to because she was going with me. While I brought the girls with me into the house she brought her boyfriend, Jasper, of the past two years. It all worked out for the three of us in the long run because the house came with a large workshop in the backyard that Jasper used for his furniture making business. Alice also owned her own event planning business so between the three of us someone was home with the girls at all times which saved me from putting them into daycare or hiring a live in nanny. I smiled at the sight that greeted me once I entered the kitchen. Sitting at the small round kitchen table that was situated in the bay windows at the far end of the kitchen were my three girls. Molly was sporting wet hair letting me know that she had indeed taken her shower this morning like she had promised me she would last night when I tucked her into bed. Mia's hair on the other hand was a rat's nest like it usually was first thing of a morning. The poor baby had the most beautiful raven ringlets I had ever saw but they matted up and tangled up something awful while she slept because she tossed and turned constantly. Then my eyes landed on my baby. Maci had the brightest red hair I had ever saw which told me that she most likely wasn't Jake's biological baby but it was a moot point by now because legally and in my heart she was my baby. "Mama!" She cheered when she spotted me from her high chair. She was the only one of the three girls that called me that on a consistent everyday basis but it wasn't unexpected since she had been just a baby when I had taken them all in a little over nine months ago. "Good morning my girls." I said kissing each of them on the top of the head as they ate their breakfast. I pulled Maci from her high chair getting my morning cuddles in while I could. Once she was fully awake she would be fighting to be put down so she could test out her new skill. Walking. She had just started walking last week and it seemed like she hadn't stopped once she got it figured out. "Morning, Ali." I told Alice as I leaned against the counter beside where she stood eating her own bowl of cereal. She just nodded at me steadily shoving a spoonful of cocoa pebbles into her mouth. "Please tell me that you didn't give Molly and Mia that?" I asked pointing at her bowl full of sugary goodness that I only allowed the girls to indulge in on occasion. She rolled her eyes and pointed to the box of Lucky Charms that sat on the table between the girls. I groaned burying my head into Maci's shoulder. "That's not much better, Mary Alice." I told her as I peppered kisses all over Maci's cherubic face. "Are we all set for tomorrow?" That caused her to put her spoon down and face me. "It is going to be the best birthday party ever!" She said excitedly bouncing lightly in place like the exuberant pixie that she was on a constant basis. "She won't even remember it, Alice. We could have done something small, you know." I told her as I walked back over to place Maci back in her high chair so she could finish her breakfast. Alice had given her some cut up fruit, a handful of Lucky Charms without the marshmallows, a sausage link that was cut up, and a cuppie full of milk. "Where's Jasper at this morning?" I asked as I worked at snapping the tray back to the high chair. Maci slapped her tray causing her food to bounce on it. "Eat! Mama!" She said holding out a piece of cut up honey dew melon. I shook my head. "No, Maci eat." I told her guiding her hand back to her mouth that showed her bottom two teeth as pretty as can be. "Yum!" She said just before shoving the piece of food in her mouth. "He had a delivery early this morning." Alice said as she rinsed her bowl out at the sink. "Oh." I told her as I tapped Mia on the shoulder to get her attention. When she looked at me with her bright green eyes I smiled at her before bending down to her level. "You ready to go get your hair brushed and fixed?" I asked softly because more often than not it was a battle in the morning. She sighed before asking. "Can you fancy braid two?" I nodded before kissing her on the forehead. She hopped off the chair rushing to the room she shared with Maci. Mia had been born deaf but had a cochlear implant put in when she was just seven months old. "Aunt Bella, can I invite a friend over for Maci's party tomorrow?" Molly asked as she brought her bowl to the sink rinsing it out before placing it in the dishwasher. "I don't care, sweetheart. Who are you thinking of inviting?" I asked as I ran my fingers through her jet black hair that was just like Jake's. "Sydney." She said softly. "That's fine, Molly. I will call her mom this afternoon and let her know the plans. You talk to Sydney at school, okay?" "Okay!" She said as she bounced out of the kitchen to finish getting ready for school. I sighed as I sunk into the chair she had just vacated. "Tired?" Alice asked as she grabbed the box of cereal to put it away. Laying my head on my folded arms on the top of the table I nodded at her. "Yes. I'm so glad I have the next three days off before going back to the day shift." I told her as I watched her grab her phone off the counter, joining me at the kitchen table. "What do you have planned for the day?" "Miss Maci and I are going shopping this morning for her party tomorrow while you take a nap after dropping the girls off at school." She told me, her tone not leaving any room for arguments. I nodded obediently before pushing myself up out of the chair. "Sounds like a