Since my last story that I had started is currently stuck on my broken laptop for the foreseeable future I figured I would give this one a shot. This is all I have so far but I just wanted to see what you guys thought of it. I plan to get my documents off of my laptop in September but I'm not sure if I will be able to but until then I don't want to rewrite the story because I have it just the way I want it on my old computer. So for the time being the husband is being generous enough to allow me to use his laptop while he is at work and not using it. I'm not sure how often I will update but I will post as often as I get a chapter finished. Disclaimer: I don't anything Twilight affiliated but I do own this story as it has come strictly from my mind just using SM's characters for a little role play action. ENJOY AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK! Chapter 1 BellaPOV "Are you serious? Masen and the Unbreakables?" My little brother hollered from the couch as I stirred our dinner that was on the stove. I chuckled at his enthusiasm. I was the head entertainment reporter for Star City Journal and was often given exclusive backstage passes to première events around San Francisco. This time it was to the concert of the number one billboard artists around, Masen and the Unbreakables. I was supposed to have a sit down one on one interview with the lead singer of the group after the concert but I was also supposed to interview the whole group. I had to admit I was a little nervous about it because I listened to their music in my own time and had had a secret little crush on the lead singer, Edward Masen, for a few years now. "I'm just there to do a few interviews, Seth, it's not that big of a deal. Really." I told him as I dished up our plates while he put away his books so we could eat on the coffee table. "Bells, it is a really big deal. Their music is awesome and the drummer is so cute." He said as he shook his head. I just laughed. Of course he would like the drummer, she was a chick that played drums. Every night for a living. "Would you like to go to the concert with me? I can't get you backstage because I only have one pass but you can at least go to the concert with me." I rambled as I sat our dinner down on the coffee table before going back for our glasses of milk. He nodded eagerly with a huge smile on his face. "That would be awesome, Bells. Thank you so much!" He said throwing his arms around me just as I sat the glasses of milk down on the coffee table. "It's no big deal, Seth. You will just have to meet me there at 7:30 tomorrow night, okay?" I told him digging into the beef stroganoff. He nodded in acceptance as he dug into his own dinner. Seth was my stepbrother from my dad's second marriage to Sue Clearwater. They had married when I was just sixteen years old and Seth was thirteen. We had immediately hit it off until I had moved away for college. We had still kept in touch while I was away at college until he joined me at CSU San Francisco my senior year of college. I had an off campus apartment by that time because I was working part-time at the Star City Journal and was sick of on campus living because I had never had that party girl persona, I had always been a book-worm, so I had offered to let Seth live in my spare bedroom but he had declined at first. It had eventually paid off when I had graduated with a Bachelor's in Journalism and a Bachelor's in English after just four years of college. My first year out of college and Seth's sophomore year found him sleeping more in my spare room instead of in his dorm that he had finally conceded and moved in completely. Now he was a senior in his final semester of college and was planning to move into his own apartment across the hall after graduation in a few months. We had both talked to the apartment manager about finding an apartment for Seth in the same complex since he had fallen in love with the neighborhood and had been pleased to find out that our neighbors across the hall were planning to move out of state in May, just when Seth was wanting to move out. He had put down his security deposit along with three months rent to secure the apartment for when it became available. I was so proud of him, it's not even funny but I was glad that he was sticking close by. Later that night I sat out on my balcony with my feet resting on the railing as I sipped on my class of wine as I watched the lights of cars on the San Francisco bridge. It really was a beautiful sight to behold and I could watch it all from the comfort of my own home. I paid good money for my apartment but I had wanted something sophisticated and in the middle of everything while my dad had wanted me safe and secure. This building met all of the requirements. It had a 24 hour security staff, a doorman, and also concierge. It also had a glass exterior which was really beautiful at both day and night, a huge indoor swimming pool, a gym, a dance studio, a theatre, and my apartment was gorgeous but homey yet sophisticated in style. Most people wonder how a college student only working part-time for minimum wage could afford such a nice place. It was easy really. My mom had died in a car accident when I was just seven years old. Luckily, my dad still had a life insurance policy on her and her husband at the time also had a life insurance policy on her which had all gone into a savings for me. When I had turned 18 I had inherited over a million dollars from her life insurance policies and the interest they had both gained over the years. I hadn't splurged on anything other than this apartment and my car since I had inherited the money. My college was paid for because being a book-worm in high school had paid off with full ride four-year scholarships to a school of my choice. I glanced at the laptop screen in my lap and groaned at what I saw. It was an instant message from my co-worker and best friend for the past three years, Angela Weber. You are one lucky woman, you know that! I just laughed to myself because she must have found out about the tickets and backstage pass I had gotten just before I had left the office today. It's not like I had asked for the assignment or anything but I wasn't going to complain at all. What did you get? Art museum, zoo exhibit, opera, or socialite? Fucking Tanya Denali is who I got. I had to laugh out loud at that because the woman was a true photography visionary but was a total bitch to interview. She normally gave one word answers about her work and didn't like to talk about anything but herself and shopping. I had had to interview her at her last art exhibit. Sorry, Ang, just make the best out of it. I know you love art so spend a lot of your time exploring the art gallery with Ben. Make most of your article about her photographs and the people attending the event. You coming in tomorrow or working from home? The good thing about our work was that once we got our assignments we could work from home most of the time as long as our deadlines were met. I usually spent one or two days a week researching at home about whatever assignment I had received for that printing period. Nope, wanna go to the hospital for a little while? I smiled because we spent some of our free time volunteering as kangaroo ladies at the Children's Hospital downtown. I had spent a lot of time there when Angela and her husband Ben's sweet little angel was born premature at 28 weeks because of placental abruption. Aubrey was a beautiful bouncy little two-year old now that I absolutely adored. We always took her to the hospital with us and while we were giving Kangaroo care to the little ones the nurses played with Aubrey in the playroom. Sounds good to me. 10 o'clock at the front doors? I'll bring the iced caramel macchiato's and sandwiches. Okay, see you then. Love ya, Bells Love you too, Ang I closed the lid of my laptop where I was making a list of questions to ask both the band and Mr. Masen tomorrow night. I was nervous about this because of my slight crush on Edward and my liking of his music; I didn't want my preferences to come out in my article. Whether I liked what or who I was writing about I always tried to use impartiality and I didn't know if I could pull that one off this time but I was going to give it my best effort. The hour long soak in my bathtub did nothing to ease my nerves about my assignment. The few hours spent cuddling those beautiful innocent little babies helped a little bit but they came right back as soon as I left the hospital. Helping my little brother pick out the 'perfect outfit to impress a magnificent drumess' helped a little bit until it was time to get ready myself. I stood in front of my bedroom mirror curling the last strand of my long dark brown hair before pulling a few strands back and clipping them with my gemstone covered hair clips. "You look amazing Bells, but you are going to be late for your interview if you don't get going." Seth said from my bedroom doorway. I smiled at him and nodded. "I know, Seth, I'm going." I told him as I took one last look in the mirror at the outfit I had chosen for tonight. I was wearing my blue skinny jeans that were ripped in some strategic places along with my white shirt that hung off of one shoulder with bell sleeves that reached my fingertips paired with my cowboy boots that I hadn't worn in over six months. I wore them the last time I had visited my dad because it always rained in the upper northwest. I wore no jewelry except for my dangly angel wing earrings and the clips in my hair if you could count those. I grabbed my purse that contained all the normal junk along with my notebook for note taking, pens, recorder and passes. I kissed Seth on the cheek as I walked past him on my way out of the apartment. "See you at 7:30." "Yep, I'll be there." He called out just as I closed the door behind me. I was so happy that I had a press pass and a backstage pass that allowed me to park in the private parking lot where the tour busses and workers vehicles were parked. My nerves decided to make a final comeback as I put my car in park and turned it off. "Okay, Bella, get yourself together and go in there to do the job you love and are awesome at." I told myself as I grabbed my purse and climbed from my car heading for the security guard standing by the