Disclaimer: nothing belongs to me English is not my first language. Summary: 2023. The world you once remembered is long gone. And for just one night every year everything you've learned in your life doesn't matter. For just one night you get to go with who you really are, even if it means aiming a gun at someone who wronged you. When every crime in the book becomes legal, how well do you think you know the people around you? Your neighbors? Your friends? Your own family? If you have to wonder, you just may not stay alive long enough to figure that out. "God, it was good to let go, let the tight mask fall off, and the bewildered, chaotic fragments pour out. It was the purge, the catharsis." ~ Sylvia Plath Chapter 1: "The commencement" Los Angeles March 21, 2023 It was Tuesday around 4 p.m. The sun was shining brightly down onto the city and everything seemed perfectly normal. Just another day at school. Just another day at work. "Okay, guys, it's getting late. Class is dismissed." our English teacher announced. "Hope to see you all tomorrow..." he added, sounding rather uneasy. "Stay safe." Everybody immediately gathered their belongings and began walking out of the classroom. As for me? I didn't even move from my chair. "Why so slow, girl?" I looked up in the eyes of one of the very few people that I could still call my friends. "I was just thinking." "Well now's not the best time for that, is it?" Johanna said with a smartass look on her face. "Yeah," I sighed. "guess you're right." "Hey, have you seen that video that everyone has been talking about?" "What video?" I frowned. Johanna shook her head with a laugh, then handed me her phone. "Stop living under a rock, would you?" she teased me, making me roll my eyes. Johanna was a rather strange girl who simply didn't give a shit about absolutely anything or anyone. Except for her family and friends, of course. And I was happy to be one of them. I pressed the 'play' button on the screen and a face of a dark-skinned man came up. " We've lost our souls to attain this peace. We no longer worship at the altar of Christ, Muhammad, Yahweh. We worship at the altar of Smith & Wesson. We, the people, know not what we do." he said, glaring straight in the camera as if he wanted to somehow affect every person that was watching the video. " The Purge is not about containing crime to one night, and cleansing our souls by releasing aggression. It's about one thing. Money." Clips of people shooting guns followed and I took that time to raise my eyebrows at Johanna who just nodded her head at the phone, encouraging me to keep watching. "Who dies tonight? The poor. We can't afford to protect ourselves. Whatever happened to 'give me your needy, your tired, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free'? The redistribution of wealth upward through killing has to stop. We must pick up arms. This year, we will fight back!" "His name is Carmelo Johns. I saw his protest posters all over our neighborhood. He's just like us. He lives there, too." "Talk is cheap, Jo." I said, giving her the phone back. "He might be right, but let's face it; he's not going to do anything about it." Her eyes softened, as she watched me pack my books. "Clove." "Yeah?" All of a sudden, Johanna looked troubled, as if she was trying to choose words carefully before speaking; "You uh," she paused, making me furrow my eyebrows at her. "You are not going to try and do something about it yourself, are you?" I bit my lip, looking away from her piercing stare. She was the one person who never judged me. Not for my past, not for who I was today. I was sure that if anyone, she would stick around no matter how ugly my life would get. "No, Jo." I said, putting my hair into a high ponytail, before standing up. "I'm not." "Okay," she nodded, looking satisfied with the sincerity of my words. "you going straight home now?" "No, I promised Gale I'd wait for him." I told her, looking away. It was only a partial lie. I knew that Jo was good at calling me out on my bullshit, though, which is why I broke the eye contact. "Alright then." she sighed. "I'll see you tomorrow. Call me when you get home, okay?" I smiled and gave her a tight nod. "Sure." "Stay safe, girl." " You too." Plenty of cars were out in the streets, as always, with the rush hours reaching their peak. Masses of people moved along the sidewalks and across the streets, as each individual was trying to get home to their families. One would say there was nothing odd about that. They all just wanted to go home and rest, having spent another day out working or studying. Nothing strange about that. Right? "Traffic is building rapidly downtown, as citizens rush to get home before commencement ." I heard a female voice on the radio coming from somebody's car. " If you're not Purging, we advise you to get off the streets as quickly as possible. It'll soon be a war out there." Most days aren't anything special. Most days have no affect on one's course of life. Most days are not remembered. "Prognosticators estimate that more people will partake in this year's Purge." What if I told you this day wasn't like any other day? What if I told you this one day out of the whole year was going to stand out? What if I told you that this day could be your last? My name is Clove Flair. I was born on the 22nd of March in 2006. Back when things in the world were still somewhat normal. Normal enough, I suppose. The world has been out of control for a while now. Today was only yet another living proof. "Are you gonna cross any time soon today?" I shook my head at the sound of his voice and glanced at him with an absent look on my face. He stood there with those magic, blue eyes of his and shiny, brown hair. Looking as perfect as he always did without trying. I couldn't believe that I thought all those things of him; especially today. I could only be glad he couldn't read my mind. Only one person in this world had that ability. Well, used to anyway. When I didn't say anything for a while, he sent me a concerned look, something I did not like, and put a reassuring hand on my shoulder. "You guys are gonna be okay, Clove. Like always." "I wouldn't bet any money on that, Gale." I told him, moving away from his touch and attempting to cross the street. "You just might happen to be wrong about that." "Don't say that." he almost snapped, following me. "It's not funny." "Well, I wasn't trying to be funny." I replied simply, shooting him a glance over my shoulder. He caught up with me and we were now walking side by side, making our way across the street and away from the school. Lots of kids were getting picked up by their anxious parents who egged them on to hurry. "Look at how scared they seem." Gale followed my gaze to the crowd of people and then locked eyes with me. "I'd say that's justified." "Is it, really?" I snorted, stopping. He sighed, knowing what was about to come. "They got nothing to worry about. They'll be perfectly fine inside their rich, perfectly secure little houses." "How do you even know how they live, Clove?" "Have you seen their cars?" I asked as if it couldn't be more obvious as I started walking again. I really wanted to get away from all those people. I didn't need to see the fear in their eyes. "You sound like Johanna." he snorted, receiving a well deserved slap on the shoulder from me. I did not want to be compared to his ex-girlfriend, as fond as I was of her. "Why are we not taking the bus?" "I'm going to check on Cato. He didn't show up today at all and he isn't answering his- what?" I cut myself off when I saw the look Gale sent me. Without a word he grabbed my arm and pulled me along down the street. "Gale, what?" He said nothing, but when we turned into an alley he stopped and let go of my arm, glaring at me, which I might add didn't happen very often. "You promised me you'd never do that again." "What are you talking about?" " Going to check on Cato? How stupid do you think I am?" he snapped, looking sincerely offended. I licked my dry lips, looking away because I did not want to see him glare at me the way he was now. "I'm not going out tonight, Gale." I told him, but he just laughed dryly. "Are you going to at least look me in the eye while you're trying to lie to me?" "I'm not lying." I insisted. "I'm not gonna do anything. I'm just worried about Cato, okay?" "Of course you are." Gale snorted, storming off. "Hey!" I called to him, feeling anger start to build up inside of me. " What is your problem? " "I'll see you tomorrow, Clove." Gale dismissed me, disappearing in the crowd of people in front of me. I stood there, stunned. I couldn't believe he actually walked away from me. Not only was it something new for me, but to think he did that specifically today? I swallowed down the lump in my throat and trying to think of something other than Gale's glaring eyes, I turned on my heels and began walking in the opposite direction. The ringing of my cellphone snapped me out of my anger-filled thoughts. I quickly grabbed it out of my pocket and answered it. "Hello?" I gasped, passing by a group of boys that were trying to get my attention. "Hey, mom... Yeah, I know it's late, I just left school... No, I'll be home in no time, don't worry... Tell Jakie we're gonna watch a movie together tonight, okay?... I love you too. Bye." I knocked on the door three times, as I always used to and waited for him to open it. After half a minute or so, I heard approaching footsteps. The door opened and I faced a tall, muscular guy with cold, blue eyes and Blonde hair sticking out in all directions. I gave him a small smile. "Hey." He parted his lips slightly, surprised to see me. Stupid me thought he'd look happier than this. "What are you doing here?" Stupid me was also hoping for a simple "hey" back. "I came to check on you, Cato." I told him, taking a step forward. "Can I come in?" "Look, little girl, now's not a good time, alright?" he said, his voice sounding a bit too cold for my liking. I focused on the fact that he just used his old nickname for me and decided to smirk. "Why, you got company?" I asked suggestively, very affectively pretending I didn't give a damn if he did. Cato narrowed his eyes and when I tried to take a peak inside the apartment, he pushed on me, making me step back, then closed the door behind him. "I'm busy. And it's late. You should be on your way home now." "You didn't show up at school today." "Yeah, while I admire your observation skills, Cloves," he said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "you still need to leave." What was left of my smirk faded completely; because I knew well enough why he refused to let me in. I