A/N: Hey everyone. This is the first Hunger Games fanfic that I actually finished. I know I haven't updated my stories in forever, but you know how it is. I got inspired by this movie and the book series and so here it is. It is basically Clove's thoughts on Katniss throughout the Games and I won't say anything else. I hope you enjoy and I'd appreciate your feedback! Disclaimer: I do not own anything sadly. And Isabelle Fuhrman is way awesome. English is not my first language. Katniss. Katniss. Katniss. I hear your stupid name echoing in my head all over. And over. And it makes me so sick I can't keep the best Capitol's food down. Katniss. Who the hell do you think you are? Girl on fire. Twirling in that ugly dress, flames hugging your body. Who the hell do you think you are? You volunteered to save your sister. A girl from the poorest, weakest district had volunteered. Ever since that moment you've been in the center of attention. You and your stupid love story is all everyone is talking about. See, this is exactly what makes you all so weak. Fucking feelings. But I can see right through you and I know that even if your district partner actually loves you, I'm sure as hell you don't feel that way about him. You think you're so extraordinary? Because you volunteered? Because you saved that little girl? Because you played the star-crossed lovers card? Like hell you are. I plan on teaching you a lesson, in the most painful way. We were supposed to outshine all the others. Cato and I. My district partner and I. Not you and that boy with a bread-like name. So stupid. You both are so stupid. You may have grasped everyone's attention, but I can tell you one thing; as soon as we step into the arena, all of this will not matter anymore. You will see who's powerful here. You will see who will be the one in the center of attention. You will see who will be the death of you. You will see. As if that little act you had pulled off in the interview wasn't enough, you go and get an 11 in the private session. Who the hell do you think you are? What in the world could you have done better than me? Did you do your little fire dance to impress them? Did you twirl with flames all over you? Did you try to seduce them like that stupid blonde bitch from 1, Glimmer? Who the hell do you think you are? I have trained my whole life for this. Ever since I was strong enough to hold a knife. What gives you the right to make them think you are better? Damn you, Katniss. Damn your sister. Damn your stupid lover. Damn you. In 50 seconds I will show you what it's like to be the best. I'll show you who should have gotten an 11. I will show you what I am made of. I will give them a good show. You start running, surprisingly, towards the Cornucopia. I thought you would storm off to hide in the forest. But you chose to get involved in the bloodbath. So be it. I find a backpack and go through it, as fast as I can, looking around.. looking for you, Katniss. Girl on fire. Damn you. And damn your stylist. I lay my hands on knives. They're beautiful. I will make your death beautiful. I will make those Games memorable. I see a boy with an axe, hovering above somebody on the ground. He rises his weapon, about to give that person a death blow. No, kid. Whoever it is, they're my kill. I throw a knife and it plugs itself in his back. As soon as he falls on the ground, dead, my eyes start shining hungrily. Because it's you, Katniss. You're about to meet a very sharp friend of mine. Say hello, girl on fire. I throw another knife and damn you for being fast enough to cover your big head with the backpack you are holding onto for dear life. Now I know that there is nothing really special about you. You are just goddamn lucky. You get up and start running off and I chase you, because I have to teach you a lesson. Oh you will be sorry. I hear Cato scream my name and I turn my head just in time to see a boy from 9, lunging at me with a sword. He misses, as I manage to get out of his way quickly. I reach for another knife, but before I make a single cut, the boy coughs up some blood and falls on the ground with a thud. I face Cato. 'Careful there, little girl.' He tells me with a smirk, pulling his sword out of the poor kid's back. Did I say poor? No. I don't pity them. I am here to kill them. Yet something about the way he looked at me, as Cato's sword run him through, made me feel something. And I don't even know how to describe what I felt. Did you have the same look on your face when you thought the guy I had killed was going to end your life? Did he feel what I just did? Did he pity you before I threw my knife? I look around, Cato eying me with a smirk. No Katniss. Damn you, Clove. You let her get away. 'Move, Princess.' My partner orders, pulling at my arm. I glare at him. Damn that fine, arrogant ass of his and his pet names. But still, if I had any friends at all, it'd be him. Do you have any friends, Katniss? Do you have any family beside your sister? If yes, then I will teach them a lesson, too, by taking you away from them. You showed us up. There will be hell to pay. After a few days of dreaming about finding you, we finally do. And damn you and your skill to climb trees. You tease us, knowing there is no way out for you. You're trying to be brave and funny, but I know that inside you are freaking the shit out. Your stupid lover boy tells us to wait you out, but I know he is just buying you more time. What for? We all know this is it. Pain shoots through my body the next morning and I quickly realize I was mistaken. This isn't over, not even close. You sent tracker jackers' nest down and saved your stupid life yet again. Lover boy tells you to run. He's just as dead as you are already. Cato gives him a foretaste with his sword. And he does it beautifully. At least you killed Glimmer. If there is one thing I don't completely hate you for, it's this. You disappear again and as hard as we try to find you, I know it won't happen too soon. But we are in no hurry. We have everything we need. Food. Weapons. Shelter. And we are the greatest danger in this arena. We have everything we need until somebody blows it up in million fucking pieces. And I just know it was you, Katniss. I underestimated you. I was stupid enough to think you'd only be hiding. But you actually have the guts to take action. It was smart. Clever. Damn you, Katniss. I don't care that you're just trying to survive. I don't care that you are a brave, good human being and that you're only here because you wanted to save your little sister. I don't care that you see me as a monster. You're trying to survive, but guess what, girl on fire, so am I. So is Cato. Everyone seems to have forgotten that we are kids, too. That it wasn't our choice to become killers. Everyone seems to have forgotten who we should blame for all of this. Damn you, Katniss. You make me start thinking about this. You have me wonder and I actually start questioning everything. It was supposed to be easy for me. Emotionless. I was only supposed to play my part, I was supposed to be vicious and focused. Damn you. You will be sorry. You lost your only ally, that little girl from 11. What are you going to do now? Look for the bread boy? You probably will. You know what makes me the most furious about you? That you are allowed to feel. Nobody denied you the right to love and care. You, people from 12, are better off. But nobody sees it that way. To all of you we are just vicious psychotics that enjoy killing and blood. Well, you are fucking wrong. You're better off, Katniss. Even now. You're fucking better off. You can die and you'll be remembered as the brave girl who sacrificed her own life for her sister and fell in love with her partner in the arena. Because nobody will question whether you're actually in love or just playing. It's nothing extraordinary back where you come from. Where as in my district, very much so. Damn you for having me feel. Damn you for making me pity all those kids in the arena. Damn you for making me regret that I killed people. Damn you for making me realize that I am scared, that I can feel, that I care. Cato is the only one that has my back now. But I will have to kill him. If I want to win, that is.. do I? Of course I do. I sure do. But I hope you end up killing him first. Just so when it comes down to you and me, I can take my sweet time, punishing you for taking his life away. But deep inside I would be thankful. For sparing me from doing it myself. Because if there was anyone that I care for, it would be Cato. Would you kill your lover if it came down to the two of you? Not that that's even possible, but.. would you, Katniss? Hell, for all you know, you may be just as big of a monster on the inside as I am. When it comes to surviving, people are capable of pretty much anything. You know that, don't you? I know you do. And I know it scares you. The announcement we hear that night changes everything and unfortunately, it doesn't help me at all to go back to how I used to be before you messed with my head. Before you sacrificed yourself for your sister. Before you and Peeta became star-crossed lovers. Before you allied with that little girl from 11 and gave her a beautiful funeral. Damn you, Katniss. Cato's face says it all when Claudius is done announcing. He wants us both to win. His eyes light up in a way I had never seen before and he smiles. It's not one of his arrogant, cocky smirks. He gives me a real smile. For a second he makes me think he will do something totally unacceptable like.. try to give me a hug. He doesn't, though. Damn him.. 'We'll get out together, little girl.' He says and if I didn't know that his voice never sounds soft, I'd say it just did. And for the hell's sake, I don't know what makes me smile genuinely back at him... but I do. Damn you, Katniss. From now on, Cato watches me sleep and looks out for me even more than before. Have you started affecting him the way you have been poisoning my mind, girl on fire? Or is it just the announcement that has him act this way? Does he really think we have a shot at getting out together? Do you think you and Lover boy can both win? You're delusional.