Hi and thank you for clicking on The Skipper . Some Things To Note Before You Begin: This fanfiction was inspired by The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey , but it incorporates the Lord of the Rings timeline as well as The Hobbit timeline. I have seen the movies, read the books, and researched everything I did not know on Tolkien websites (mainly Tolkien Gateway and Lord of the Rings wiki). I have tried to remain as true to the canon events as possible, mixing both movie and books as I see fit. (Though, as I have recently learned, they do have coffee in Middle Earth.) This story is actually two books in one. "Part One: Anachronism" is the first 79 chapters. "Part Two: Anamnesis " begins on chapter 81 and is ongoing. I categorize this story as a humor and tragedy. I'll leave it to you to figure out why. There is romance, but I believe in one-hundred chapters of character development before we get to any of the actual romance. Rather than be Earth in the past, Middle Earth is a different world. As much as I love Tolkien, his works do not exist in Ana's Earth. Neither do the movies. Having a canon book to read would just make this story even more complicated than it already is. Yes, I know that they do not speak English in Middle Earth, please don't leave reviews telling me this. When I first started writing this story, I thought about putting in Westron, but then I would've had to deal with writing Westron in English, but also writing English in English. Which gets confusing. So, to solve the problem, I just decided to have the Common Tongue be English. No, I know it's not canon, but sometimes we have to make sacrifices for the sake of the story. Sindarin, Khuzdul, the black speech, and other Middle Earth languages are still present, though I use them sparingly. Almost all Khuzdul used is neo-Khuzdul according to the Dwarrow Scholar, since Tolkien did not create a complete Khuzdul language like he did for the elvish languages. Edits of Part One are taking place. You can find notices on the progress in Chapter 80. Don't let that you stop you from reading, the initial edits are almost done, and the plot is still the same. I appreciate all reviews. Ask me questions, tell me about incongruencies, inform me of typos, guess what's going to happen next, complain about my portrayal of the characters - I love all reviews. You can review every chapter (much appreciated), you can review the last chapter, you can review only the exciting chapters, but please review! Once again, thank you for clicking on my story and I hope you enjoy it. PART ONE: ANACHRONISM Chapter I: A Perfectly Good Explanation There is a perfectly good explanation, I swear. There is a reason I'm writing this— all of this—to you. And I'm trying to decide where to begin. I Skip. Yeah, that's a good place to start. I'm not from this world; I'm from another place and time. I've just, you know, been Skipping back and forth between the two ever since I was six-years-old. Now this is important ! I know you think you've heard all of this before, but you need to remember. Embedded in these words is my promise to you: a promise you must never forget for this will shape the fortunes of all. Understand? I hope so. The first time I Skipped was when I was six. That was the day I slapped Marie because she called me a liar. We'd been racing back and forth across the schoolyard with two teachers watching and judging who would be the winner and who would be the loser. Marie was naturally faster than me, and she won every single time. I got sick and tired of losing, so during the fifth race, I pushed Marie and sprinted past her. She went to the teachers, crying and saying I cheated. So I slapped her. (Yes, I was a terrible six-year-old. Don't judge me.) The teachers sent me to the main office where the principal tried to convince me that pushing and slapping people was wrong. I told him I didn't think it was cheating; I was using my abilities to beat Marie. I couldn't help it that she fell over with just that little push. The principal didn't see it that way. He called my mom and dad, and they both came to school to pick me up. They weren't happy. The car ride home was spent with the two of them scolding me—What was I thinking? How could I do that? Did I apologize to the poor girl? I better apologize the next day! How could I do such a thing? Did they not raise me right? I sat in the car and listened to their lecture the entire ride home. Then, the moment the car came to a full stop in the garage, I threw open the door, stormed up to my room, and fell on to the bed, crying. Right then, I hated my life. I hated everything: the principal, the teachers, Marie, my parents, I hated them all. I just wanted to get away. To run away. To leave it all behind and never come back. So I Skipped. (Yeah, that seemed pretty random to me, too.) One moment, I was sobbing in my bed. The next, I was lying on a cold stone floor. I sat up and looked around. I was no longer in my bedroom. I was not in any place I recognized. It was a hallway, a beautifully carved, stone hallway, lit only by candles that lined the walls. Engraved arches swooped overhead, lacing together to form the ceiling. The stone floor echoed with the sound of footsteps and raised voices. Tucked away in a corner, I watched the scene before me. People crowded the hall. Wait, not people, I realized; they were too short to be people. They were short and stout with long, braided beards, intricate armor across their chests, and sharp weapons strapped to their sides. The little men—they were actually dwarves, but I didn't know they were called dwarves back then—sprinted down the long, arching hallway, shouting things in a strange language. One fat dwarf with a black beard stopped and grabbed me by the wrist. He shouted something in a gravelly voice, but I couldn't understand it. Upon closer inspection, I realized that "he" was actually a "she", and I was looking at a short, stout, bearded woman—not something you normally see in Ohio. She tugged on my arm, but I refused to budge. My parents had always told me never to go anywhere with strangers. Eventually giving up on me, the dwarf shook her head and left. I was so frightened I forgot to cry. What was going on? Why was everyone running? What were they afraid of? Why was I even here? My house? My bedroom? Where had they gone? Where was Mom? Where was Dad? I didn't know. My heart was racing. I curled into a ball, sitting on the floor beside a thick stone pillar. No one noticed me. They were all too wrapped up in their own problems to notice a little human girl. I can't say I blame them. The crowds began to thin out. Most of the dwarves were gone. A few more came sprinting down the hallway—these ones dressed in full battle armor—with their swords and axes raised. Some of them were nursing bloody wounds and severe burns. It was then that the fear, the panic, the unknown, all got to me. I buried my face in my hands and started to bawl. Snot was streaming down my face. I could taste salty tears on my lips. A deep hacking sound rose in my throat and I coughed. " Gos ! Gos ! Sebar !" a deep voice boomed from above. I lifted my head and stared up at a dwarf in front of me. He was a little taller than the other dwarves and had long, scraggly black hair and beard. He wore the same battle armor as the others, but there was a superior air about him that the others hadn't possessed. His sword was grasped in his right hand, and his left hand was curled into a fist. Long, red burns covering his fingers and wrist. He said something again in the same foreign language as the other dwarves. "What'd you say?" I sniffled. The tears would not stop running down my face. My eyes were puffy and my face grimy. I was covered in snot and my hair was a mess. I must have looked ugly. (Don't you dare agree!) For the first time, the dwarf saw me properly. His eyes widened as he took in my blue jeans and pink t-shirt. "Who are you?" he asked, this time in my own language. I wiped my nose with the back of my hand. "I'm Ana." He hesitated and then gave his own name. "Thorin." The tears stopped, and I giggled a little. "That's a funny name." Then, there was great, deep howl from somewhere down the hall. With a squeak of terror, I shrunk further back into the shadows. Thorin, however, scooped me up with his injured, left arm and started sprinting down the hallway. I screamed and flung my arms around his neck. "Put me down! Put me down!" "Only if you wish to be devoured by Smaug!" "Smaug?" And then the dragon appeared at the end of the hall. Its massive body barely managed to fit through the twenty-foot hall. Sharp, blood-stained teeth, bright red scales, hungry yellow eyes—it was a dragon. A real, fire-breathing dragon. And its gaze was fixed on Thorin and me. I started clawing at Thorin's armored back. "Dragon! Dragon! Dragon!" My shrieks ripped through my throat. I wept, clinging to Thorin. He sprinted down the hall as fast as his short legs could carry him, but I squirmed so much that Thorin dropped me. I landed with a heavy crack on the stone floor. "Ana!" Thorin shouted, reeling around in an attempt to reach me. Smaug opened his jaws and let loose a jet of fire. Scalding, burning, red, heat tore through the hallway. Flames ate at the walls as they drew closer to me. Skip. I screamed and thrashed on my bed. The covers wrapped around me, and with a thud, I crashed to the floor on top of one of my Barbie Dolls. (They're these type of plastic, perfect females that— Oh, never mind. You just need to know that they hurt to land on.) I sat upright and looked about the room wildly. There was no dragon in sight. No Thorin either. "Ana?" The door flew open. Mom stood just outside my room, having heard my screams. She breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that I was unharmed. "You're all right," she said. But I was not all right. Tears welled in my eyes and I sobbed miserably. Little six-year-old me could not process what had just happened. I cried continuously that night. I tried to explain to my mom what had happened. It wasn't just a dream. It'd been real. I'd really gone to that place. I'd really seen those little men. I'd really seen a dragon. Thorin had been real. My mother and father would not believe me. A nightmare, they'd said, and nothing more. And, for a while, I believed them. However, a few months later—in the middle of my friend Wesley's seventh birthday party—I Skipped back to Middle Earth and found myself in the bed of an inn. My trip lasted about half a day before I appeared back at Wesley's house. His parents had been searching everywhere for me. They'd even called the cops. I remember a week later overhearing my mom arguing with his dad in