Disclaimer: I don't own the book series, yada, yada. Hope you enjoy. As usual, it was a beautiful day at Camp Halfblood. Clear, sunny skies, light winds cooling down everyone working in the summer heat and not a single sign of a monster or irritated God in sight. What could you possibly ask for more? It was the kind of day that Percy usually gathered his friends for a swim in the lake, but most of them were occupied at the moment. Annabeth had headed back up to Olympus to oversee the continuous reconstruction that followed the Titan War. You'd think with Gods involved that it would take no time at all, but nope. They were fickle at the best of times, forever wanting to change designs and layouts and Annabeth actually rivalled them, forever coming up with new ways to tweak the designs and distributions of, well, everything. It wasn't likely to end in her lifetime. Jason and Piper were facing a similar problem with the camps. Promising a shrine at Camp Jupiter and a Cabin at Camp Halfblood to every single God in existence, that they worshiped at least, simply meant hundreds of buildings at each. Neither camp was sure how they were going to fit them all and it was Jason's duty to oversee each construction and ensure that each one was acceptably respectful. That currently had him visiting Camp Jupiter with his girlfriend going along for the ride. Nico decided to go too to visit his sister, promising to deliver letters to her and Frank for Percy. The sea child really missed his cousin and favourite nephew. Tyson too. And who knew where Grover and Juniper had taken off to this time? Personally, Percy didn't feel the urge to walk in on them again. Still, he didn't mind all that much. After all, that freed him up for his newest hobby: failing at archery. "Dammit!" Lowering his bow, he took a few extra moments to stare agitatedly at his just fired arrow, which had flown wonderfully...and pierced the ground a good two meters beside the target. "Come on! My arms were firm, I line up the shot, I kept my stance in place, what am I doing wrong?" "If I could figure that out, I would tell you." Will muttered, carefully pulling back his own arrow and taking aim before letting it fly. It did a bit better than Percy's. When he grunted, it was because it landed in the dirt behind the target. "Rats. Shot too high. It's progress at least." "Maybe for you." Percy grunted, knocking up another arrow. "Mine are still finding a way to curve." "You're still getting better." Will assured him, reaching into his own quiver. "I haven't had to pull any arrows out of campers' backsides for a while. I swear, an offended God had to be involved with how bad you were. Even my most talented siblings can't make an arrow curve into the people beside them." "Oh shut up." Percy glared as Will shifted back and forth between amusement and irritation at the memory. Let's just say that there were advantages and disadvantages to being the best doctor at camp. And the biggest hero at camp. It meant your failures were noticed by everyone and never forgotten. "It's hard enough to shoot these things without you complaining about the number of people I send to your cabin." "But you send so many!" Will grinned teasingly, getting jabbed on reflex by the irritated Sea Prince. And of course, doing that caused Percy to lose his arrow while it was pointing off the lake. "You trying to kill your dad now?" "Triton maybe." Was his only response as he glared between the bow and the splash, ignoring the outraged cries about rudeness of the Niads and pulling another arrow from his quiver while Will let his loose. "Then he can make an appointment at your cabin! How does that sound?" "Please spare me that fate!" Will exclaimed, visibly shivering at the thought. "If I did something even slightly wrong while helping a God, they'd probably turn me into a fountain pen! And Triton has two, scaly tails! How would I know what to do, I'm a human doctor, not a veterinarian!" "Well, consider your life spared." Percy grinned, eyeing Will's latest failed arrow standing straight out of a tree. "Triton hates me and Dad's forbidden him from hurting me. He'll never show his face here. Now, Kymopolia might be another story." He added with a smirk as Will's eyes widened. The two of them talked often these days, so Will knew all about the Goddess of Violent Sea Storms that was Percy's most wild sibling. "But being afraid will make her like you, so that might work out well for you." "If you throw either sibling my way, I will make sacrifices for the aid of Uncle Ares to smite you!" "Oh sure, send the deranged cousin after me!" "Naturally! I've already got...nevermind." Will retorted, only to blush when he realised what he was about to say and look away, staring firmly at the bow in his hands. Percy just snickered silently and let him go for now. That was after all, part of why they were there. This little arrangement was perfect as far as Percy was concerned. As the evidence suggested, he absolutely sucked at archery and everyone knew it. The fact only made him feel even more stupid when you took in the fact that he was one of the very few, if not the only, male Demigods to ever gain the favour of both of the archery Gods, Apollo and Artemis. He realised that he would never be a pro with the bow, but he wanted to at least be competent. But it was much too embarrassing watching everyone scamper away whenever he picked up an arrow like he was going to have it do loop-de-loops right through all their heads. Will had a similar problem. He was the greatest combat medic you'd ever find, but he had about as much talent with a bow as Percy did. The only difference was that all his shots still went forward enough not to be called friendly fire. His siblings respected him far too much to make a big deal of it beyond a few seconds of amusement and threatened to use their incredible archery skills to threaten anyone who did tease him for it with the idea of becoming a human porcupine, but that didn't stop the blonde Head Councillor from feeling stupid and embarrassed. The two had brought it up around the bonfire one night and when Percy suggested sucking together for practice, Will had been quite happy to accept. Though they got frustrated from the lack of improvement, both boys genuinely enjoyed the sessions together. They'd grown a lot closer, talking about everything from their favourite colours to war stories and quests. And they teased each other mercilessly. An inevitability, considering that they both had attitude, Percy had sarcasm and Will had an answer for every quip and situation imaginable. By now, you'd think that they'd been friends for all their lives. But Percy did have one ulterior motive for setting this up. One that was connected to what Will just let slip. He knew what God was freaking Will out and it really sucked for him because it was a God that all Greeks and Romans ultimately had to face. Hades. And why was that? Because, though they both had yet to actually admit it, Will had caught the attention of Nico and it was pretty obvious even to Percy that Will had a few butterflies in his stomach for the Ghost Prince himself. Percy didn't really mind, he actually kind of liked it. Admittedly, he'd been completely blown away when Nico had admitted to having had a crush on him. It came right out of left field! And he had had felt a little offended for a moment when Nico bluntly stated that he wasn't his type, but he got over the blow to his ego easily enough, and in all honesty, he was relieved. Nico was gay. That was cool, he was perfectly fine with that. In fact, he was ecstatic for the boy. For him to feel so comfortable with himself to come out and finally tell the world, especially considering the world's opinion on homosexuality at the time he was born...well, the fact that he was finally so comfortable with himself was wonderful. It was just good to know that he'd gotten over Percy. Nico was like a little brother to him, or at the very least, a very much loved cousin. That's how Percy saw him, as very close family member, not a lover. Heck, all the children of Zeus and Hades were like cousins or siblings to him, he couldn't see himself dating any of them! It made him guilty enough as it was to know that he'd been unintentionally causing Nico heartache for years, it would break him to actually see it. He'd only ever wanted Nico to be happy. And now that Nico was over him, their relationship was only forever improving. It felt really good to see Nico smiling and laughing again, even if he did roll his eyes at Percy's antics a lot and groan in irritated defeat whenever Percy wrapped an arm around him. Something Nico still wouldn't even let Jason do very often. Personally, Percy wasn't sure whether he like that fact or the fact that he was sure Nico secretly liked Percy pulling him into one armed hugs that he liked more. So, when he had noticed the attention Will and Nico were showing each other, like the blushing or the fact that Will could get Nico to concede to him even better than Percy could, not to mention the fact that they looked for excuses to talked to each other and, on Will's side at least, chances to 'accidentally' touch hands or shoulders, Percy deemed it time to play big brother. Not overly protective big brother, Nico could rip just about anyone a new one if they hurt him, the thought of punishment from the Lord of the Underworld would deter just about anyone, and he had long known that Will was a good guy, but he was going to look into this before it grew out of control, if only to ensure Nico wouldn't take off to China again. However, he wasn't a sleuth like Annabeth, nor a love expert like the children of Aphrodite, so it had been slow goings on getting anything deep in that topic. As a child of the God of Intellect, among far too many other titles, Will knew when someone was digging for something and how to keep a secret. Percy hoped that their strengthened friendship would be enough to loosen his tongue, but there was still the fact that Percy was basically declared Nico's Guardian by Bianca herself and that, in addition to the brotherly bond they had, seemed to put Will on edge with the subject, both with him and anyone who might slip the information to him, so all he really had to go on was random slipups and vague comments. Which was a pain. Percy was no fan of subtly when it came to this kind of stuff, he preferred direct approaches. Still, he was proud of what he'd gained from his hard work. He knew Will definitely liked Nico, well beyond a passing crush. He knew Will was a bit of a prude, so there was no fear of anything inappropriate. He also knew that he was protective of the little guy, forever acting like mother hen and getting on his case about the frequent use of his powers, which his body may not be entirely ready for yet, and threatening to curse any of the few people still treating him less than equally with curses ranging from