Draco Black The Ravenclaw Hellloooo my wonderful humany types, welcome to my new story. Honestly the idea for this story came to me whilst I was trying to get to sleep and the more I thought about it the more I wanted to write it. The basis of this story is 'what if Draco were the boy who lived?' But then I was like-'no one wants to read about that'. Fortunately a little voice inside my head said 'I want to read about it'. So now we have this. I'm basically writing this to amuse myself (and placate the voice inside my head that likes to poke me when I displease it). You all know what I mean. And if you don't then...well there is just something terribly wrong with you. I'm sorry you had to find out this way. Right, some warnings: -Slash and het and femslash. (Gay and Straight). I can't say exactly who the couples will be yet, and I retain my right to change my mind at any point. -Violence (There could be. For a true action scene to work it needs to come with a warning attached. Truth.) -Swearing. For real. -A bit of OOC behaviour due to circumstances. Draco most obviously will be affected the most. But Harry will be a bit different too. And some other characters, but nothing outrageously beyond the pale! Not going beyond the pale is very important! Write that down on your important pad for things that are important! -For the sake of argument, lets say this story starts from 2016 onwards instead of when the originals were set. Because my culture references must be free to glomp around and ruin things whenever possible. -Um...other...stuff...probably...I'll let you know. Promise. Just to cover all my bases-I DO NOT OWN HARRY POTTER OR ANYTHING CREATED BY JK ROWLING. But in an alternative universe I do, so that's something. I think that alternative universe is right next to the one where I'm the King of the mouse people and wear nothing but capes all the time. All I'm asking is that you give this story a shot to see if you'll like it. Now that's over with lets get on with the story my Unicorn brethren! Chapter one: Truth crystals hurt Before we start, I just want to let you all know what you're in for if you decide to continue on with this story. I don't want any complainy pants types getting their knickers in a twist because things don't turn out exactly like they want them to, or because the story, a.k.a my LIFE, doesn't please them. I won't be offended if you don't like me. I won't be offended if you don't like my mates, or my family (actually I take that back, Nana Mars is epic and everyone should love her, because she is amazing and the only people who don't like her are without a soul and should vacate the premises immediately). I won't even be offended if you don't like my pet rock, Kevin. Nana Mars still insists that he is in fact a tortoise, and not a rock she painted to look like a tortoise when I was six because I kept asking for a dog. I may or may not have believed her lies for a good few many years. It was a known fact to me as a child that Nana Mars does not lie. I now know, as a semi sort not-child (moron), that lying about rock tortoises apparently doesn't count. My name is Draco. I live in a small, and when I say small, I really mean practically vacant, seaside town named 'Colbie'. Also, yes, I know 'Draco ', it's a weird name. I have a weird name. I have weird friends. I have a weird family. I am weird. Just get on board and accept the madness. It'll be easier for you in the long run if you do. I live with my…actually I don't really know what to call Regulus. I'd say 'father' since he pretty much raised me. But to be honest I think of him as more like my big brother. My annoying big brother. Either way, we both live in a big creepy old manor-cottage (trust me, it's a thing) with Nana Mars. She's that insane old lady who everyone secretly hopes is a witch. The town hag if you will. Those are her words by the way, not mine. The old hag part I mean. I think she actually enjoys having everyone fear her a little bit too much. Every year on Halloween she dresses up like a normal person and tells everyone Halloween is a witch bank holiday. Of course Nana Mars isn't a witch. She doesn't posses any genuine magical talent, although she would argue with me on that. Me and Regulus however….yeah, we're kind of wizards. I mean, not kind of, we are wizards. For real. With wands and cauldrons and owls and robes and all that shit. It's actually as ridiculous as it sounds. In a small beach town like Colbie, everyone knows everyone else, so when me and Regulus came to live with Nana Mars, we were all people could gossip about for months. See, my parents were killed by a very powerful dark wizard named Voldemort when I was one years old. I don't know how I'm supposed to feel about that, even thirteen years later. Voldemort tried to kill me too. Somehow, he failed. I'm not really sure how to feel about that information either. Regulus was one who saved me. Not from Voldemort. But from everyone else. He knew people would come for me when they found out I'd offed Voldemort with my invisible baby powers. The whole wizarding world would have wanted a piece of me. Both Death Eaters and people like Albus Dumbledore would want to have a hand in my fate. Voldemort killed my parents because they turned on him. My father, Lucius Malfoy, had become a spy for the other side in exchange for his freedom once the war was over and protection for his family. Apparently Voldemort was tipped off by someone and my parents were forced to go into hiding. Regulus told me Dumbledore sent my parents to the same place as the Potter family. We all lived together for a few months before Voldemort found us. I had both of my parents taken from me that night. Harry Potter's parents were taken from him as well. A man named Severus Snape died trying to save his mother, but by then it was too late. For all of them. Regulus told me once that he did what he did to atone for all the mistakes he had made in his life. He'd just become one of Voldemort's Death Eaters at age nineteen. Voldemort took him to Godrics Hollow as a test. After Voldemort failed to kill me, and somehow managed to destroy himself by accident in the process, Regulus found me. He said I was sitting inside a crib. I wasn't alone. Harry Potter was sitting right next to me, also miraculously unharmed. Except, according to Regulus, for the lightning bolt scar on his forehead. A matching scar still adorns my own forehead. Creepy as shit, I say. Sometimes I think I dream about that night. I wonder if Harry Potter ever dreams about it too. Regulus has told me that story a number of times over the years, but he can't ever quite explain to me why he did it. Even after all this time he still doesn't know what made him pick me up from that crib and run, taking me with him. At first maybe he considered killing me. Finishing his Lord's plan. In the end, Regulus told me, maybe he was just too much of a coward for that. I told him once that I don't think there's anything cowardly about not wanting to kill a child. I was eight when we had that particular conversation. At least I can say Regulus never lied to me about how things started for us. I think that matters, maybe more than most people could understand. Regulus ran with me, and kept on running. It was only days later when he found himself in Colbie that he stopped. He didn't stop running because of Colbie though. He stopped running because of Nana Mars. I'd like to say that I'm a well-adjusted normal human being, despite everything, but that would be a lie. A big one. I was raised in a home full of dream catchers, all of which have names by the way. And not mystical names like...I don't know, Moonlove or Dustyangel...oh no...they're named shit like 'Walter' and 'Luke' and 'Cosmo' (my first dream catcher. I really liked the Fairly Odd parents, ok). No joke people, Nana Mars has her favourite dream catcher hanging over her bed. His name is Eugene. Don't ask. Never ask. Not unless you're prepared for a story full of wackadoodle. You've been warned, remember that. Nana Mars has always been there for me though. Regulus and I have a more complicated relationship for obvious reasons but- "What are you staring at?" Kasper asks, he leans in close to me and squints, as if trying to see something off in the distance. I give him a little shove and reply, "I'm not staring at anything." "Looks like you're trying to set the sea on fire with just the power of your eye balls," Kasper says, and he shoves me back a bit harder. Hard enough in fact that I fall over and land on my arse on the damp sand. Kasper starts laughing then, his laughter loud and as all-consuming as usual. After knowing Kasper for about nine years, I can officially say that he is the most difficult person to stay mad at in existence. He laughs too much for anyone to really hate him. It's almost infuriating I wrap my arms around Kasper's legs and yank as hard as I can. Kasper is taken by surprise, so he loses his balance quite easily and comes down next to me on the sand. He ends up sprawled half on top of me though, and I think I make a weird squawking sound that no human should be able to accomplish. "Ah, get off, Kas. Jesus, you're so fat, your fatness is crushing me!" I try to wriggle out from under him. Kasper is laughing again, and he manages to pin me beneath him. Kasper grins down at me and says, "I think you'll find that's muscle, not fat, Dray. You're just too much of a skinny shit." "Fuck off," I snap at him, and try again, uselessly, to remove him from my immediate personal bubble. "Tell me what you were thinking just now and I'll get off," Kasper teases, that stupid grin on his stupid handsome face. Kasper Diggory is my best friend, and has been since we met when we were five. I still remember meeting him, and my other two best friends, Terry Boot and Cho Chang. They're all wizards and witches too. Against all odds. Regulus almost had a heart attack when he realised our safe haven had been invaded by three magical families. Well, only two technically. Terry is actually a muggleborn, but still, the coincidence that they would all show up in such a small town is kind of hilarious. Or scary. Maybe both. If it hadn't been for Nana Mars, then Regulus would have taken me and ran. Again. But thankfully instead of leaving, Regulus gathered the Boots, the Diggory's, and the Chang's together and swore them to secrecy. With magic obviously, he didn't just go in for a pinkie swear. They all moved here permanently after that. Our town is small. We have one school, one church, one strip of shops and one park. The rest of Colbie is just cottages and beach. I love Colbie beach,