"Angol Iaur" AN: This is a story written for a dear friend. Lydia loved Lord of the Rings, even before the movies were made, and she absolutely loved Eomer when she discovered Karl Urban was playing him in the movies. I decided to write this story for her when she got sick, to cheer her up, and she gave me permission to publish it online, for "the enjoyment opportunities of others." I know Lydia isn't a very Middle-earth name, and the character is a tad Mary-Sue, but please don't find fault. Lydia loves it. Reaching up to brush loose wisps of hair off her forehead, Lydia smudged soot in a streak across the sweat-damp skin. She paid it no mind, intending to dump a pail of water over her head before she finished for the day. She pulled the cherry-red steel from the fire with a bare hand and placed it on the anvil, giving it a smart tap with her hammer. Sparks flew, landing on the sooty floor or on the thick leather apron she wore to protect her clothes from just such an occurrence. She was the only smith in Edoras who could make the fine swords the men of the court favored. Of course, she was also the only female smith in the West. Born in the Gondorian city of Minas Tirith fully twenty-three years ago, she'd taken to hanging about the smithies in the Fifth Tier until they grew used to seeing her about and even began to let her ask questions and help them with small chores. The greatest smith in the city had taken a great liking to her and begun to actually teach her the art of metalwork. She took to it like a fish takes to water and fifteen years later, she'd surpassed her teachers and removed herself from the great White City to serve in a place where there was need of someone of her skill, the Riddermark. Only two months before, she'd arrived in the capital city of the horse-lords and immediately drew business to herself. Her smithy belonged to the small inn next to it, so she opened it for business and paid a young woman to run it as an inn while she worked, sleeping in a loft above the forge. Tearing her mind away from the past, she looked up as a shadow darkened her doorway. Squinting against the light, she tried to recognize the shape. Politely, it took a step forward so the light was more on his face. She smiled and put the sword back into the forge to offer Lord Eomer a courtesy bow. "My lord," she said as her head dipped. "It is good to see you return safely." "Theodred was not so fortunate," he replied softly, naming the king's son. Lydia gasped and covered her mouth with her fingers. "He was ambushed by orcs near the border he'd gone to defend. He is the only one of that patrol who escaped with his life. We found him…" The young captain bit off the rest of his sentence. More than just being his cousin, Theodred had been his friend and fellow defender. "Grima Wormtongue has banished me from the Riddermark for daring to speak against him." Her eyes widened. "Eomer, no! You are needed here! You cannot leave; if you do, our last hope is lost!" All pretense at stiff formality evaporated. She was in earnest. While Theodred had been strong, he and Eomer had been the sole force keeping the aging king Theodin from going mad and killing all those who wondered aloud if they might need help from elsewhere. Lydia knew, of course, that there was no help to be had from Gondor: the steward, Lord Denethor, had gone mad. He saw treachery everywhere and in everyone, much like Theodin now. The young captain took heart from his friend's reaction and placed a gloved hand on her shoulder. "I will seek aid from the south. Do not fear, meldis nin. I would not leave you here without hope." She had begun to teach him Sindarin, the language spoken by most elves in the nearby regions. He was grasping it quickly, though his accent, like hers, was unalterably human. She managed a smile. "You would be better off staying. Gondor will not offer any aid, no matter how you beg. But wherever your trail takes you, my dear friend, take care." She clasped his fingers briefly, before ducking her head to hide her sudden tears. He slipped a hand under her chin and lifted her face. "Have hope for me," he whispered. "I'll be back, and you can make me that glorious new sword you've been promising me." Her smile was a bit forced, but it was the best she could do. "All right, Eomer. You have my blessings. But when you get back, it should be with legions of fighters behind you. Only then will I forgive you for leaving me behind." Eomer noticed the quiver in her voice and wondered suddenly if she was bidding a friend farewell, or a lover. Could they be…? He blinked that thought away. If he carried it through to conclusion, he would never leave. "With legions of fighters at my back," he promised. Then he squeezed her shoulder and swept out of the forge. Only then did Lydia yelp and spin, pulling the beginnings of a sword out of the fire before it melted. By concentrating on the work to be done, she managed to keep her fear for Eomer and the Rohirrim at bay. Cleaning the forge after her day's work, she dumped the prescribed bucket of water over her head and sputtered as it dripped into her eyes. She shook her head, spraying water everywhere, just as Eomer's sister, Eowyn, entered the yard. Her eyes were cold and distant, though her lips curved into a warm smile. "My lady," Lydia acknowledged. "You have seen my brother?" "He left several hours ago, my lady." Her face was wistful. "Did he leave no word for me, then?" "He…he said he would be back, and that he would bring aid from somewhere. The Wormtongue has banished him from Edoras, and from Rohan." She ducked her head. "He also told me of your cousin. You have my sympathies." "I do not want your sympathies, wench!" Eowyn burst out. "You do not know! You cannot know! You are a mere girl whom my brother has taken a liking to. But he will lose interest in you soon enough and move on. Only hope he does not leave you with a child. One such as you would snap under such a burden." Lydia stood stone still and waited for Eowyn to finish. Her temper had heated her skin, making it radiate the heat of the forge. When her voice emerged, it was cold, controlled, and emotionless. Her words, however, were calculated. "You would do well to hold your tongue, Lady Eowyn. What does a high-born chit like yourself know of hardship, of burdens? You bear the sorrow of your cousin's death in your heart, yes. I bear the grief of my mother's death, my father's anger and disappointment in my heart. I bear the burden of contempt from women like you, and men as well. In this city, only two were kind to me; one of them is now dead, and the other banished by that serpent you keep in the castle. I left my homeland and my people behind. When you are stripped of hope and friends, Lady Eowyn, come back and we shall share words once more." Each word was like a slap in the face to Eowyn, and when she was finished, Lydia turned away, going back into the forge for a bath. Her mind raced, even in sleep. Eomer was gone, Theodred dead, and she was alone in this country. No one could equal her talent with metal, few could rival her skill with the blades she forged. And not one person was left who could appreciate all that she was. So busy was her mind that night, that she did not drop to sleep until dawn. As such, the forge remained quiet and cold until well after midday. Emerging from her cocoon of blankets when Koria brought midday in, Lydia groaned to think of the time she'd lost in sleeping half the day away. Fortunately, her work was not missed. Over half the city's defenders, most of her business, had ridden off with Eomer the day before. She worked on a dented breastplate until supper, and then stopped for the day. Dropping off to sleep that night was easier, but her sleep was disturbed and uneasy. She woke at dawn feeling as if she had not slept at all. Even an apprentice knew that a tired smith made mistakes, so she did not light the forge at all. Instead, she spent the morning darning some of her stockings, and mending one of her shirts. After midday, she helped Koria clean the two rooms the inn possessed, as well as the privy. The sun was setting when she decided to go for a ride. Saddling her mare, Aeglos, a Sindarin word for icicle, she mounted in the yard. She carried a sheathed dagger strapped to her thigh, and a sword strapped to the saddle. No one left the city, anymore, without a weapon of some sort. She dismounted just shy of the gates and knelt in the road next to a freshly piled burial mound. "Oh, Theodred," she sighed. She dropped a bundle of elanor on the grave and wiped her streaming eyes. "You will be missed, my friend. My prince." She mounted up through the haze of tears and nudged Aeglos into motion. The mare carried her afield, towards the river Isen. Not far, but still far enough from the city to distract her from her emotions. As the moon rose, she noticed a faint cloud of dust rising from the horizon. Shrugging, she turned back towards the city. She arrived just as the guards finished sealing the gates for the night. Without protest, she dismounted and pulled a bedroll off the back of the saddle, unrolling it across the road from Theodred's burial mound. It was the first peaceful night's sleep she'd had in a week. The creaking of the city gates woke her in the morning. She rolled up her bed and led Aeglos into the city, up the hill to her forge. She deliberately groomed the mare longer than normal, delaying the moment when she would have to light the forge and pretend everything was all right again. Nothing but repair work awaited her that day. Many of the remaining defenders needed their horses reshod, and several wanted the edges on their blades sharpened. She saw to it all and discovered an empty forge midafternoon. An idea was lurking on the edge of her mind, one that refused to be ignored. She put several rods of tempered steel on the fire to heat while she mulled it over. Like a flower opening inside her head, she knew what she should do. For the first time in a month, her mind was blessedly clear. Closing her eyes, she drew the first piece out of the fire, ready to be shaped. A tap of the hammer here and one there, and a quick reheating, and an hour had passed. She had finished the handle of the hilt. The tang was thick and sturdy, meant for one man's hand alone. She finished the cross-piece when she would normally have been ending for the day. Instead, she lit a lamp and set it above the forge for better light. Engraving was a specialty of hers, and she loved doing it, even though it took great strength and concentration. But the design was in her mind and refused to leave, so she indulged in it and carefully hammered it into the metal long into the