Disclaimer: I do not own the thing. JK owns the thing. All of them. This is betaed by the amazing rhead-a-holyc! Tom Riddle had just been settling down to a delicious meal of roasted venison at the Slytherin table, when he was interrupted. "Uh, Tom? Mr Riddle, sir?" Olive Hornby, a third year Ravenclaw with an irritatingly scratchy voice, hovered anxiously at his shoulder. She was a vapid, silly girl with plain features, a head of curly hair, and an excruciatingly annoying habit of giggling after every sentence. "Yes, Hornby?" Tom's patented fake smile slid over his features like ice, freezing the muscles into an image of perpetual charm. Hornby tittered. "Professor Dumbledore asked if he could see you in his office. He, um, said it was urgent." "Did he specify why?" "No. Sorry, Tom. I could, uh, ask if you want?" Hornby offered quickly, eager to please. "That's quite alright, Hornby. I'm sure I'll find out soon enough," Tom assured her, not wanted to deal with another interaction. "Oh, of course." Hornby hesitated and sunk into a jerky sort of curtsy. Atticus Avery snorted cruelly. Hornby opened her mouth like she wanted to say something else but turned bright red and closed it again. She let out a strangled squeak. "You can leave now, Hornby," Tom reminded her smoothly. Hornby nodded and turned to leave, shuffling back towards the Ravenclaw table. Her walk grew more and more confident with every step she got further away until, finally, she was greeted enthusiastically: the leader amongst her gaggle of Ravenclaw sycophants. "Mudblood." Montgomery Lestrange spat, running his teeth over his tongue as if to remove a foul taste. "Her mother is actually a leading Unspeakable," Cassius Rosier corrected softly, eyes never leaving the page in front of him. "I'm sure she's quite proud," Tom said drolly, and revelled in the laughter that followed. "Father's worked with Unspeakable Hornby on something before, I think," Orion Black piped up, wiping his mouth with a napkin. "The Veil of Death, I believe." "Of death?" Tom asked. "Ominous name," Rupert Dolohov chuckled, and Orion laughed with him. A swift glare from Tom silenced them both. "Continue?" Tom prompted, attention caught. He didn't lean forward in his seat- it would be quite unbecoming- but he might have, had he been anyone else. "Oh. Yes," Orion said hesitantly. "I don't think they know much about it yet, but apparently you can hear loved ones whispering if you get too close to it. Only if they're dead, of course, but Father said it's almost like they're standing at your shoulder." "Didn't one of the Unspeakables kill themselves over it last year?" Atticus said, sneering. "A recent widow, or something?" Rupert leaned back on the bench, taking a swig of pumpkin juice. "Maybe one black veil wasn't enough for her." He laughed. Tom felt a surge of disgust at the idea of killing yourself over love. Pathetic. His interest was caught by the idea of a door between the living and the dead – perhaps this was something he could explore in a future venture. "Do they know how it works?" Orion perked up at Tom's interest. "Oh, no. Father didn't say. But, apparently it's like nothing they've ever seen before. Made from the same stuff as Dementor cloaks, they reckon." Dementors – now there was something Tom had never considered. Surely creatures with such a close relationship to death might have a way to avoid it? "Tommy, don't you have to go see Dumbledore?" The slimy voice of Caspar Grahams was unwelcome to Tom. Grahams was a fellow Slytherin sixth year, but certainly not one of Tom's closest. He was weak and needy – two things Tom had never been able to abide. He had little to offer appearance-wise, and his magic was, at best, average. Tom kept him at arms-length. And then there was that word . " Tommy ?" His voice was glacial and accompanied by a scalding glare. Tom wouldn't have been surprised if Grahams melted into his seat. "S-sorry, Tom," Grahams muttered, his skin whitening with terror. Perhaps he was recalling the incident last year, where he 'accidentally' fell into a cauldron containing an overpowered Draught of Living Death and remained in a coma until Christmas. Coincidentally, he had been working with Tom. The rest of the group ignored the casual threat. "What did you think the old goat-fucker wants now?" Rupert sniggered. "No, Rupert, the goat-fucker's his brother," Atticus said snidely, and Rupert dissolved into hysterics. "Now, don't be vulgar." Both stilled at Tom's words and seemed to draw into themselves. Tom both bathed in the movement, and felt a strange frustration. He brushed off the feeling. "I should go and visit our Deputy Headmaster. I will be back shortly. Save my plate." And so he bid a swift, cold, farewell to his companions and made his way up to Dumbledore's small office. The Transfigurations classroom had always been Tom's least favourite space, filled with Dumbledore's odds and ends as it was. The pokey office hidden through a door at the back was even worse. Cluttered, colourful and disorganised – it was everything Tom hated. Dumbledore, predictably, seemed to thrive in it. The Deputy Headmaster perched on his chair: an elaborate, wooden thing, various magical creatures and scenes carved into the rich grain. Tom resisted the urge to set it on fire. "Ah, Tom," Dumbledore said, his glasses twinkling. "Just the fellow I wanted to see. I have a task for you." "You called me out of the feast, sir?" Tom asked, a false smile playing on his lips. Conversations with Dumbledore were never one of Tom's favourite activities, and – from the figure hovering just behind Dumbledore's shoulder – Tom assumed the task would be both interaction-based and menial. "This is Mr Riddle, one of our Slytherin prefects. I'm sure he'll make you feel right at home. Mr Riddle, this is Harrison Peters. He's just been sorted into Slytherin and will be joining you in sixth year." Dumbledore announced jovially, though Tom could see that sliver of constant suspicion in his gaze that had never quite faded. "Harry," the boy hurried to correct. "Just Harry," and he stuck his hand out. How… plebeian, Tom noticed with delight. Walburga would probably faint. Tom Riddle inspected the newest addition to Slytherin with idle curiosity. Harrison "Harry" Peters was an interesting mix of contradictions. He was a combination of Mudblood manners, Pureblood features, youth, yet Tom knew that there was more experience behind those green eyes than there should've been. And then, there were the peculiar scars. Almost every inch of his skin was traced with thin, golden lines. They spread: vein-like patterns, running along his arms and creeping over his cheeks. They were almost unnoticeable, until they caught the light and then how they shined . He lit up. Combined with the slow, lengthy movements the boy was fond of taking, and that rather familiar-feeling wand – why, it all created quite the interesting, suspicious package. He was sure Abraxas would be able to find out more about the boy, should Tom ask. "And what brings you to Hogwarts so late, Harrison? Sixth year is quite the starting point." Tom enquired politely, taking the boy's offered hand and shaking it firmly. He couldn't help but discern a faint shudder from the contact. Excellent . Maybe this one would be fun. "Stuff," Harrison mumbled, and Tom raised one eyebrow. "I can't help but want to know more. Surely you can expand?" "Harry has been previously pursuing a home-based education, but extenuating circumstances have forced our company upon him," Dumbledore said, in his usual vague, waffling way. "My parents are dead," the boy spoke bluntly, meeting Tom's gaze head-on, in a peculiarly confrontational manner. Tom took note of the curl of delight that rose in the pit of his own stomach. "These are dangerous times we live in," Dumbledore reflected mournfully. Harrison 'hmm'ed noncommittally. Tom's suspicion wasn't sated. For someone whose parents had supposedly died, Harrison wasn't exhibiting any of the usual signs of grief. The scab – to coin a muggle phrase – seemed to have already healed over. "Well, I can only hope," Tom murmured silkily, "that Hogwarts can offer a safe shelter during these turbulent years." "I'm sure," Harrison grunted, and Tom narrowed his eyes at the short answer. "I trust you'll lead Harry back to the Slytherin table?" Dumbledore interrupted. "The feast is already underway, and I imagine Harry is feeling quite deprived of the sumptuous cuisine we so value here at Hogwarts." "I'm sure he's quite hungry," Tom murmured, a note of challenge hidden in his words. The faint frown on Dumbledore's features told him it had not gone unnoticed. Tom turned back to Harrison and gestured. "Come, I'll lead you back to the feast." Harry was not pleased with his situation. He'd been right in the middle of a bloody important fight, when - boom! - the Department of Mysteries had chosen that opportune moment to blow up. Bloody Unspeakables didn't know when to pick the moment to build new Time Turners. Why yes , do it while a fierce battle between the Order of the Phoenix and Voldemort's forces is happening next door. Good job . Thank Merlin, Dumbledore and Dippet had swallowed his half-arsed story about a 'poor home-schooled half-blood' and 'unfortunate parental death' and 'please, sir, Hogwarts is the only place left to go. I promise I won't cause any trouble'. Bollocks - when had Harry Potter ever caused anything but trouble? Harry was perfectly aware that Dumbledore hadn't believed a word: he'd gotten that same scheming, manipulative look that he always got whenever Harry made a mistake in their games of chess, but Harry would just have to take his suspicion on the chin. Tom Riddle had dealt with it for 7 years - it couldn't be that hard. Speaking of Tom Riddle, the boy was almost exactly as he'd remembered. Smooth, manipulative, a complete arse - but handsome. Perfect cheekbones, perfect smile, perfect eyes - Harry hated every inch of him. He hated every perfect dark hair on his perfect head. He hated the sharp swoop of his jawline and the rich, intelligent hazel eyes and that flawless white skin. Harry just had to remind himself that this wasn't Voldemort - for Merlin's sake, he hadn't even found the Chamber of Secrets yet! But that didn't stop Harry from trembling with the urge to wrap his hands around Riddle's neck and just squeeze . Think of all the lives he could save. Think of all the lives he could doom. Harry had considered this. To be honest, his first thought when he'd realised he had arrived in August, 1943 was to kill Riddle. He could save his parents, Cedric, Quirrel, Sirius, all before they were even born. But Harry was almost sorted into Slytherin, and that quiet voice, the one that sounded disturbingly like Hermione, had talked some sense into him. Bad things happening to wizards who messed with time… and he admitted that perhaps Hermione's accusations of recklessness weren't always inaccurate. If he killed Riddle, who knew what could happen? Without Riddle's influence, would his parents even be born? What if Riddle's exact presence at one moment in time saved the Wizarding World? Harry could be murdering everyone he'd ever known, all because he couldn't control himself. So Riddle had to live. That didn't mean Harry had to be nice to him. Money had been an issue. He was unable to get to his trust fund here- seeing as it hadn't even been set up yet- but luckily, he was able to get both a loan from Gringotts, and the Hogwarts orphan fund paid for his books, equipment and uniform. He didn't need anything else, really. Harry tried not to wonder if the fund had still been a thing in his time, or if there had simply been too many orphans to pay for