My Dead Heart Beats Again Vmih930 I don't owe Twilight. This story is for 18 and over pleases for some language and sexual scenes. I like to thank my beta Karebear1965 for her continue support for me. I am really blessed with her and especially when she pushes me to work hard on my stories to do better. You rock! Make note: Please leave constructive criticisms about the author's weaknesses in the story in the PM box for all authors on this site. You wouldn't want others to point out your weaknesses publicly. The review box is for what you like about the chapter or discussions. This is just a sneak preview of the story and what it is all about. This story is a Jasper/Bella and love story. Prologue This story takes place five years after the Cullen's left Bella. She comes out of her funk and depression and gets on with her life. Her father dies from the hands of a gunman during a robbery. O ut of respect for her father she becomes an investigator for the NCIS and she is living in Quantico, VA. Victoria is still after her and the shape-shifters killed Laurent in the meadow. Her field officer gives her assignment to go to the scene of the incident while she is there investigating the scene she stumbles on the victims and she looks at the corpses and realizes who done it. It is vampires. She knows the only one she can turn to for help are the Cullen's but in the back of her mind she is thinking about Jasper he would know how to help her. But, she doesn't know where the Cullen's or Jasper could be living at. There is one solution she comes up with is to go to the Volturi. She gets ready for bed that night and dreams of Jasper of all people. Chapter One Jasper's POV Well, it has been five years since I left Forks and the Cullen's. Alice and I got a divorce she had the papers ready when we arrived at Denali, Alaska right after the incident on Bella's birthday. I eagerly signed them for her. Alice told me she didn't want to live as husband and wife anymore and putting up with the charade like we were a couple. We weren't true mates we were only married on paper. Alice says she saw in a vision that we were mates, but not true mates and we would both later meet our true mates, so it wasn't forever type relationship. So this is how I ended up back home in Texas. I remember that day of Bella's birthday; she got a paper cut, which I felt the bloodlust coming from Edward. He was about to attack her because she is his singer. I ran over to get Bella away from Edward I felt his emotions he desired her blood. Emmett and Carlisle held me back away from Bella. They hauled my ass outside away from Bella. Edward blames me for attacking Bella and I wasn't. I tried to protect her from him. I've not done much with my life since I left the Cullen's. I went back feeding on humans', only rapists and murders. My eyes are now red. I don't have to feed as often anymore. I've no bloodlust problems or the desire for blood all the time. The Cullen's have to feed often because animal blood isn't filling. They fight against their nature to try to stay human when they aren't. I did call Emmett a couple years ago to talk to him and see what the family is up too. He told me they are living in New York along with Carlisle and Esme. Edward did found his true mate it is, Maggie from the Irish coven. They were there visiting the Cullen's at the time and Edward kissed Maggie's hand and felt electric sparks going through his body and they both had the same reaction to each other. That is when they knew they were meant for each other. Maggie moved in with the Cullen's and they both eventually got married. Alice did find her true mate he is, Alistair and they are living in the UK away from the Cullen's and she is happy. I have never experienced that feeling of electricity touching, with Alice all those years. Carlisle told me his theories about true mates you will feel the pull towards your mate and when you touch mate you are hit with electric feelings all over your entire body. I wonder when that will happen to me. I am envious of those who have a true mate and somewhat jealous of my brother, Peter and Charlotte on what they have. I guess it is not in the cards for me yet. I am on my way to see Peter he told me on the phone he has something to discuss with me and it couldn't be done over the phone. I pulled up in their driveway through their gates, driving my Dodge Ram pickup truck. Peter heard me already he is outside standing on his front porch. He is smiling at me big time. I feel his emotions they are going all over the place. I can sense he has news for me since he wanted to talk to me in person. What he has to say? I don't know. I hopped out of my pickup and walked over to him. "Hey brother what is up that you couldn't discuss with me on the phone?" We walk over and sat beside the tree with Charlotte, sitting down with our asses on the ground. "Well, Jasper you are looking good." Charlotte says to me and pats me on my thigh. "Well, thank you ma'am… Charlotte you look prettier than ever." I say to her. "Jasper before I tell you why you needed to come out here for. I need to tell you about my past history. Four years ago, my gift told me about my past saying I needed to know about me for this knowledge would be needed in the future. I was married to a pretty woman named; Ruth Ann and she gave birth to my son, Geoffrey Swan. At the time when I was changed into a vampire I never knew she was pregnant with my child. My son, Geoffrey married a girl named; Helen and she gave birth to a son named; Charlie Swan. I never knew my real last name. My gift told me that, Charlie my grandson he married a girl named; Renee and they had a little girl named, Isabella Marie Swan. Yep you can say Jasper that I am Isabella great-grandfather." I take in a deep breath and I am in shock for an old vampire. "So you are related to Bella that is good news Peter. That is awesome man!" I say to him. He looks at me and smiles at me with pride in his eyes and I feel his joy that he found out who his family is and who he was in his prior life. "Yes I am indeed related to her. I had Jenks change my name to, Peter Swan Whitlock so I can have a part of my human life with me. I've been keeping an eye on her for about four years now. I do it from a far where she doesn't know I am looking after her. I found out that my grandson, Charlie died in the line of duty four years ago. Jasper the reason why I had you to come over to talk to you is that my gift told me that you are my great- granddaughter's true mate." I knew after the first time I met Bella I felt something for her, but never thought it would be nothing more than acquaintances. "Do you know where Bella lives?" I asked him because as soon as I find out where she lives. I am going to go see her. "Yes I do know where she lives at it is in Quantico, VA and she is working for NCIS." I feel the pull in my chest to go to her now. "Is there anything else I should know?" I asked him. My gift of empathy is telling me there is more to Peter's story and something has happened. "Yes Jasper there is more you should know. What I am about to tell you is? My gift told me that; Victoria is still after, Bella. I remember you told me that you killed, James during the first encounter with the nomads. My gift revealed to me that, Laurent went after, Bella as a favor to, Victoria. It was a few months after you guys left her she had an encounter with Laurent. She was at the special meadow her and Edward shared. He went after her in meadow and the shape-shifters went after him and killed the bastard." My demons are rattling in my cage to go protect what is mine. She will not get her hands on Bella that is for sure. "I know one thing I am going after, Victoria she will be dead in the blink of an eye when I get my hands on her. She will not touch what is mine." I say to Peter. "This is not all that has happened to her. I knew Bella was attending, Washington State University in her, freshman year. My gift told me to go to Seattle that there were three vampires that broken in her dorm room one night and stole some of her clothes. Charlotte and I went there to intervene when we got there to her dorm we smelled their scents and it led us to Forks. They were out behind Bella's old house in the woods so, Charlotte and I we ripped them apart and burn the pieces. We found out a year later she sold the house. It was three years later, Bella graduated college. We attended her graduation ceremony and watched her receive her diploma. She never knew we were there. Well, we spotted another vampire off in the woods around the campus where the graduation was being held. Charlotte and I got the information from him that; Victoria is still after, Bella. Victoria still wants revenge for James death from what he told us. He told us that Victoria created a newborn army of filthy vampires. We took care of that vampire and burned him to ash. Victoria doesn't have a fucking clue on how to handle a newborn army." Damn! I need to leave now she is in danger. "You mean to tell me after we left her five years ago she has been unprotected? Edward left her for her safety from our kind. What the fuck was he thinking? I knew we should have killed, Victoria and Laurent when we had the chance. I told Carlisle we should. He told me to let it go as the leader in the coven. Damn! Carlisle will pay for this. We should have never left her in the first place." I say to them and my Major side is coming out to keep her safe. "Jasper she is still in danger and she will run across something in her case she is working on that makes her want go to the Volturi for help. We have to stop her from going to the Volturi. You will make her happy Jasper and I know you will treat her right. You are going to be good together as a couple. Trust me!" Peter has confidence in me and that means a lot to me. "Well, Peter I will do everything in my power to make sure she is happy." I say to him and I pat him on his back. "Well, here is my suggestion, Peter and Jasper we all go together to see Bella. We need to tell her the truth and explain things to her