Sneaking Up On an F.B.I. Agent Swan By: Breezy930 All my stories will not be abandon they are still a work in progress. Please check out my other stories. This is a Peter and Bella love story. It is about Bella and she is in F. B. I. agent and Bella is the true mate of Peter. His know it all tells him. He doesn't know that she is an F.B.I agent. Jasper has gone back to Texas to live with Peter and Charlotte. This time Charlotte she is Peter's biological sister. Jasper is now her true mate. Maria is dead so there is no worry about her coming back for the major. They will have to deal with the Volturi. This takes place after, New Moon six years later. This is a new story and a different spin on the story. Let me know if you want it to continue. It will be a slow moving story. I am trying to write all my unfinished work. I like to thank Sain'Olivia for being my beta. As soon as she can she will go over the chapters that are already posted. I don't own Twilight or the characters all merits goes to Stephanie Myer. Prologue ~ Bella's POV It took Bella a very long time to get on with her life after the Cullen's departure out of Forks six years ago. They never returned. You see, Bella had moved on with her life and she is happy. It was just before her high school graduation, Bella had to go on an errand, and she hopped into her truck to go to town, to the convenient store. She stepped out of the truck and there, right in front of her, she saw Laurent and Victoria. Victoria had two other vampires with her, a male, and a female. They approached her and Bella was thinking that they were there to end her life. It was because of James' death, had been Bella's first thoughts. Laurent surprised Bella and introduced) her to Mary and Randall - the mystery vampires. But instead, they had come to find Bella, as they wanted to talk to her. Laurent explained he had a gift of seeing relationships and how his gift works; he can see the person in his mind that they were supposed to be with - they're soul mates. He is not a seer like Alice; he can only see the people who that person is meant to be with and their auras interlinking around them - proving they are one. He told Bella that actually, James, and Victoria were just good friends with benefits. But, James would toy with females and use them for his own sick, twisted game. That was why James was chasing after Bella. She was his next toy. Victoria told Bella it was time someone killed the bastard. He had done it one too many times. Actually, Victoria, Randall, and Mary were true mates with each other. Victoria had two mates and she was happy that she has Mary and Randall in her life. Laurent did see that the three of them were meant to be together and would be happy. Mary and Randall were nomads. Laurent then went on to tell Bella that she and Edward weren't mates as he had said they were and that it was impossible for mates to separate from each other for it would be painful for them. He also saw that Jasper and Alice weren't mates either as he was explaining to Bella. There were no connecting auras around Alice or Jasper tying them together, apparently. So what had Laurent seen? He had seen that Edward was supposed to be with Alice the whole time, but what had stopped them? Laurent did tell Bella eventually that they would see it for themselves. Bella, along with Laurent, Victoria, Mary, and Randall all became quick friends and exchanged phone numbers after their extensive conversations. They would often meet up from time to time to go hang out with each other and have fun, for once enjoying their immortality with Bella by their sides. They tell her that she is tempting and she does smell good. Bella, for kicks, would often say to them, 'Are one of you going to drain me already? Stick that we're having a good time.' Bella would go on to laugh at their attics over humans and vampires. Mary, Victoria, and Randall brought a small but quaint home in Guthrie, Oklahoma that they settled down in. Bella would make that trip to Guthrie to see them at least once a year, with the insistence of Laurent or Victoria covering her travelling costs. It got her thinking about how she was depressed over the breakup with Edward. He had left her but wondered if he was in as much pain from being separated from her as she was with him. Bella graduated from high school and she decided to go to college at Arizonian State College. Bella packed up all of her belongings and moved back to her home state after an awkward 'goodbye' from Charlie. She worked for a while as a librarian in Mesa, Arizona and had saved up to rent an apartment there. She studied Accounting to Sociology using most of the resources found in the library during her time spent working there. However, she had made her mind up and decided strongly that, after graduation, she was entering the F.B.I She finally graduated from college four years later and filed her application and also sent a resume to F.B.I Headquarters in Quantico, VA. She entered into the F.B.I after being accepted to complete extensive and tough, physical and mental training. Bella moved to Quantico, VA to be closer to her pace of work. Once she graduated from the F.B.I they transferred her to the Houston, TX Headquarters. That was where she was posted and she brought a two-bedroom town house for her first home. Elsewhere, Jacob had imprinted on a girl named Molly and had gotten married over three years ago, and what a beautiful day that was too. She was now expecting their first child. Bella's father was so proud of her and her achievements to becoming a F.B.I Agent; she had followed in his footsteps and gone better. Charlie eventually married Sue Clearwater and she now had a new brother and sister in Seth and Leah. Bella did date during her time in college and had small relationships but none of them worked out well, some of them had just been better off staying as friends. But, she never fit in with them. Bella much preferred the company that was on offer hanging around vampires and shape-shifters. One day she was on a special assignment and she had to stake out a suspect who was wanted in connection with a terrorist attack plot against several States of America. He was in the bar hanging out with his accomplices. She went into the bar, she was wearing a red satin dress, six inches above her knee, the neckline low-cut enough to show her cleavage slightly, and she was wearing nude high heels. She was spying on the oblivious group along with her co-workers, undercover and scattered around the bar. The man in question approached her as she was sitting on a bar stool, sipping at her Martini. He asked her if he could buy her another drink. Bella agreed to avoid suspicion, and began to flirt with him. Meanwhile, there was this tall blonde-haired, good-looking male on the far side of the bar, wearing a Stetson cowboy hat who kept eyeing her. His name was Peter. He was angry at this male making a move on his mate. Peter didn't like it one damn bit, in fact he hated it. Jasper along with Peter's biological sister, Charlotte, were seated at a table having a drink of whiskey, just watching as their brother finally laid his eyes on his mate for the first time. Peter was stood at the edge of the bar, looking at his mate...looking at Bella. Peter had a feeling, an instinct, which he needed to be at that specific bar at this exact moment. That was because his mental guru told him where to go, where to be. What Bella didn't know yet was that Peter was her true mate. She didn't even pay attention that Jasper was also one of the vampires seated in the bar along with Peter. She just didn't see them. She was completely focused on her job. She led the man she was flirting with on and eventually she asked him: 'Why don't we get out of here?' The guy agreed quickly and followed her to out the back door, his accomplices starting to follow. Just as they reached outside, the riot van side door slid open, seized them, and hauled them roughly inside. In meantime, one got away, and Bella had no choice but to chase him down the back alleys. She couldn't let him get away; he was the gang leader, he knew all of the answers. Jasper, Charlotte and Peter pulled out the shadows and followed them both. Bella went after the man but began to lose him. That's when Bella, as a last resort, released her gun from her thigh holster, aimed, and pulled the trigger, shooting the man down. The vampires that were watching the scene unfold didn't know what to make of it. Why hadn't they raced to protect her? Were they just shell-shocked at what Bella was now capable of doing? Bella turned around; the familiar feeling that she was being watched crawled up her spine. She instantly saw Jasper, right there before her, stood with two vampires...with red eyes. Prologue ~ Peter's POV It was over seventy years ago that Peter and Charlotte were kidnapped by the revenge-crazed, blood lusted Maria. She had hauled them violently from their home where they had lived with their parents. Maria took them to camp and made Jasper turn them both so they could be her new editions to her newborn army. Jasper changed Peter and then Charlotte right in front of her, before she left, satisfied with her new pets. You see, Peter was a type of clairvoyant and Charlotte, she could make you feel happy from whatever mood. Maria had the uncanny gift of being able to identify the gifted within both humans and vampires. She wanted them both alongside her, next to her Major. They'd spent years training the newborns and culled them down for Maria to inspect. Maria wanted Charlotte dead after a short while though - she was through with her. Peter, her brother, got wind of it he, with the help of Jasper, formulated a plan and set it into motion to kill Maria. It was over sixty years ago that they both, along with Charlotte, ridded the world of the bitch and killed her, setting her remains alight. Jasper took off right after that and went on his own as a nomad for a while. Charlotte and Peter made their home in Texas and Colorado, constantly switching between the two. They were wealthy enough that they didn't have to worry about money and how they wished to spend it. So, Jasper was wealthy in his own right. Charlotte and Jasper had become close friends during their time in Maria's army but they had never felt the mating pull...not until recently that was. Jasper had eventually walked into a diner and met Alice in Philadelphia, and they both took off in search of the Cullen's, the Olympia Coven. They lived contently with them for over sixty years and they had gotten married. Bella came into the scene when she lot long moved to Forks. Alice decided to tell Edward that his mate was Bella, that she had seen it...that had been a false vision. They were never mates - they were complete opposites! It would have never worked. Bella