Hello! I'm Kathie. I already posted this fanfiction once, but I am doing some real editing. A lot of the words will be different, and the plot has changed permanently. I am really excited to be writing this! I will update every… month, at the latest, and I really hope you enjoy my story. It's going to be amazing! I'm aiming to write one thousand words per day- but it's really difficult as I have my end of year exams – cue the shudders – and am really, really, exhausted. I am younger than most writers... When the exams are done, I'll try to update more frequently- once every two weeks or so? Thank you for reading this, and please review! That magical button… Please. - Piper McLean - The seven were covered in sweat and grime, dirt and monster dust. After a few years of being tossed around, used, borrowed and returned, Piper had come to a reluctant understanding. They were just pawns in the gods' endless chess battle. Unlike during the titan war, the gods had introduced a new sinister way of controlling the demigods. The rules had changed. It was obey… or die. It was a lethal battle, but it was her final one, she promised herself. To her, there were no facades of… great glory , treasures, or godhood that awaited the one who defeated Gaea. Piper was too experienced in the art of murder to care about such trivial things. She was old enough to understand that every life lost was just that- a loss. And hundreds, if not thousands of lives had been taken. But in every failure there was a lesson, Piper thought somberly. "To be a survivor you must kill, and to have the chance to kill, you must survive." And through the worst of battles, the seven had emerged. Not unscathed, but with memories more scarring than any mortal wound. Battle after battle, death after death. "The cycle ends today," she whispered to herself. But then again, that was what she had been saying for the last three years. A few skeletal like figures huddled in the middle of the field, while the mess of colored battles smeared and blended into one another until they all looked the same. The girl with the owl tattoo gave an order to the grimy boy with the hammer, and he nodded solemnly. Barking another order, Annabeth started to sag to the ground and grasped on to Percy for support. He offered her his other arm and she gently kissed his cheek. "Ignore what I just said. That was before the calculation of the monsters surpassed the rate of them incoming at the circle and how fast we can kill them." Annabeth said flatly. Leo looked stumped. "Um… English please?" Everyone shared a small smile. "We have to split up," Annabeth sighed, the sign of pleasure falling from her face. "According to the velocity of how far we'll be able to run, we have to leave in a few minutes. We have enough time to get into groups." She frowned in concentration, assessing their abilities to give them the utmost chance of survival. "Okay…" she said after a few minutes. "I want Leo alone, creating an inferno of fire. If he was to have a partner, they would get burned, or Leo would not fully lash out in fear of them getting hurt." Leo nodded in disappointment. "I guess that makes sense," he muttered. "I'll go with Percy," Annabeth said, ignoring him. "I can't support myself on my own for very long, and we'll both fight better knowing the other is alright." A wide grin had split Percy's face in half and he nodded empathetically. "Jason and Frank," she said slowly, as if she was speaking their names for the first time. "That would actually work. Okay, Frank, I want you to shift into a bull and charge at the monsters. Any others trying to attack him from behind will be fried," she said meaningfully, turning to look at Jason. She turned to the smallest member of the group. "Hazel," Annabeth murmured worriedly. "I'm afraid I want you on your own. It would be too risky to pair you and Piper up. Just imagine the disaster that would occur if Piper picked up one of your cursed gems." She paused for a second. "Just try summoning sharp objects like crazy. Make a wall around yourself. Hopefully monsters will charge at you. As soon as the monsters pick them up, boom, that's one less monster we have to deal with." "Piper," Annabeth finally said, turning to face her. "You will be by the gorge. I want you charmspeaking, making all those monsters jump off of it when they come at you. Understand?" Piper gave a tense nod. They all shared one last moment, before Frank looked away, wiping away the tears that had formed in Hazel's eyes. "We have to go now," Percy said sadly, looking as if he wanted to memorize their faces forever. "You were the b-best family I ever h-had. Nico's f-family, but he's always away, and y-you're always h-here." Hazel choked out, hiccupping. Piper held out her scarred arms, and Hazel ran in to them, a few tears leaking out of her eyes. "Stay safe," Piper breathed. "Please. Your life is top priority. Understand?" Hazel nodded into her shoulder, before slowly backing away until she was a safe distance from the rest of them. Percy took Annabeth's hand and shot them one last look that spoke volumes. "Goodbye," He said solemnly. "Good luck guys." Annabeth nodded. "I second that," she said. And they walked away. Jason embraced Piper and then gave them all a smile. "Fortuna melioribus tibi. Nemini regno dignum morte." Frank spoke in Latin. "I agree," said Piper firmly, understanding immediately. "Now go, they're coming." They all shot a glance at the approaching monsters. Piper just gave them a determined smile before sprinting off in the direction of the gorge. Sparing one last glance at them, she saw Leo's hands, as a beacon of light as two little fireballs danced in his palms, marking the beginning. -Linebreak- Hours had passed. The battle was faring well, but Piper could only hope that her friends could make it out alive. She wasn't sure how much more the rest of them could take, before something cracked and the dam holding them together collapsed. Her leg throbbed furiously; another hellhound bit her hard, scraping the bone that protruded out of her leg. Piper could see the bare whiteness under the layer of bloodied flesh. Grimacing, she dragged her wound out of the way of another attack. An empousai launched herself at Piper, and the girl snarled in frustration, struggling to land a blow. Piper managed to land a slice on the empousai's back, before she had to go on the defensive, dodging and running to avoid her claws. The monster retaliated with a vicious kick to her kidney, knocking the breath out of her. Piper gasped and huffed, slashing down with Katoptris, creating a deep gash that started at the creature's left shoulder and ended near her hip. The fanged woman hissed in fury, but after deliberation, quickly retreated. The monstrosity had a single slender leg that could've made any man swoon if not for the green scales that snaked tightly across her body. Her other leg was made of bronze metal. Her carnivorous teeth dripped with blood that turned her pale pink lips red. She gave a snarl as she turned one last time to glare at her opponent. I'll be back, her eyes seemed to convey. "You serve the goddess Hecate," Piper called to her. "She is battling for the Olympians!" The empousai just turned back to give a sneer, showing her teeth, and raced off. Piper tried not to feel overwhelmed as the monsters crowded around her. She couldn't charmspeak them, as servants of magic they would hear right through her honeyed enchantment. Piper decided it was time to leap in to the fray and abandon her post by the gorge. The enemy lines had almost been shattered and many monsters were running in chaos, struggling to find a commander. A hellhound growled menacingly and stood over another one who was injured. Most likely his mate, but Piper was too far gone to feel excessive pity. She darted forward and slit the injured hound's throat, and her labored breathing eased into nothing. The hellhound dissolved gently on the floor. Before she had time to react, Piper felt claws rake her chest. Thankfully, before it could do any real damage she plunged her dagger into another one of it's wounds, and it exploded into dust. A flicker of movement at the corner of her vision alerted her to a lunging venti. She waited until it was with in arms reach and then stuck her knife straight up and watched the creature impale itself. However, the venti had a much more airy form than she had originally thought, and the spirit didn't dissolve. Piper withdrew her knife from the wounded creature's body and threw Katoptris at a 90-degree angle; easily impaling it's lungs. She watched coldly as it coughed up blood and dirt. Piper picked up her knife and sighed. To many lives lost. If only they would surrender, she though briefly, before she started hunting other monsters. She scanned the battle and heard a frightened scream over the clashing weapons. Wiping the sweat from her eyes, she spotted the source and was horrified to see Lacy lying on the ground, blood flowing jerkily from her neck. A hellhound viciously snarled and pounded away with her blood on its teeth. Piper ran over to her bloodstained figure and desperately held ripped some cloth from under her metal plated breastplate. She pressed it quickly to her throat wound, but the flimsy cotton was soaked within seconds. Her deep blue eyes had a glassy look to them, as the red liquid pulsed, a dying force soaking into the sand. Piper tried to ignore the fang-shaped bite protruding from the side of her throat; cradled her head in her lap. Lacy's eyes held a whisper of a smile, and she nodded breathlessly as her life force ebbed away. "Be brave," she murmured to her. Piper couldn't speak, and she felt tears gathering in her eyes. Then Lacy's eyes became unfocused and she stared distantly at the sky, her eyes reflecting the blue of the void and the white of the spotless clouds. Gently, she closed Lacy's eyes, trying to make her as presentable as she could, smoothing out her hair and hiking up her armor to hide her throat wound. She pried her cold fingers off her blade, and sheathed it in her own belt. Piper gave her one last kiss on the forehead and tore herself away, tears running from her eyes like little streams. Remorse for her dead sister fueled her anger, and Piper started hunting the hellhound that had caused her death. In the chaos of the battle, Piper saw only rare paw prints of the beast. She knew she was losing time, precious time, but she felt as if she owed this to her sister- to cause the death of her killer, at least for a little bit. After a few minutes later, Piper finally caught up to it as it attacked another victim from behind. A nameless demigod was fighting a dracanae. He collapsed as the hellhound dug its claws into his ribs. Piper gave a powerful swing with Lacy's sword and caught the hellhound's abdomen. Its look of fear was a satisfaction she couldn't describe. With a cruel smile, she pulled, tearing the organ right out of its body. It fell to the floor, whining pitifully, and then it burst into dust. Grabbing her new weapon, Piper looked around, trying to assess the progress of the battle. Turning to face the satyrs, she spotted Coach Hedge screaming at the top