Let's try this again, shall we? Disclaimer: S.M. owns everything, I just like fooling around with her characters. See you in the A/N at the bottom! Bella POV It's been months since he left. A year, to be exact. Although he's no longer with me, he has still managed to break yet another one of his promises. He's one talented vampire , the snarky side of me mused, forcing a dry laugh to escape from my lips. On that day, he had implied it would be easy for me to resume my life as it had been without him. And I, being the stupid love-struck yet heartborken girl that still hung onto his every word, believed him. I held on to his words just like I had to any other thing he'd said to me before, even when he had just confessed that all he'd ever told me was a lie. With time, I came to realize that, of course, he had been wrong. I should've known that what he knew would be true for every other human being in the planet would not be true for me. I would still hurt, even months after they left. I would remember every little detail of our time together. I would remeber the pain. And, most importantly, I would never forget. As much as I tried, as much as I attempted to make myself let go of the thoughts and what if's that would end up haunting me forever, I never could get over him. He still haunts me day and night, in my dreams and nightmares, and of course in my every thought. Even though I tried not to think of him sometimes I just can't help it. He still is forbidden to remember, just to think of him makes my chest ache. But I can't make myself forget him –it terrifies me, simply because I don't want to let go of the memories to prove that the best part of my life had been real, not just simply a dream. I got out of my unresponsive state for Charlie's sake. Fortunately, I could still save what remained of my senior year, but I had to make up for the lessons I'd lost, which resulted in lack of free time (not that I minded). School became my distraction, and most days, it seemed to work. Even though days seemed to pass slowly, I finally finished my senior year with a 3.7 GPA, making Charlie the happiest I'd ever seen him since I came to live with him. My dad was so proud of me the day of graduation, and I think even I was happy that day . . . well, as happy as I could ever be. The morning after graduation I received an email from my mom. As always, she was wondering how I'd been doing, she told me what she's been up to, and left me feeling glad that at least some people in the world were granted happiness. For the most part, I had managed to stop feeling sorry for myself, but I had my moments now and then. And they usually came when someone (like Renee) unintentionally reminded me that the happiness I had was long gone. A few months before graduation, I received letters from the few colleges I had applied to. Most of them were in Washington state –I couldn't bear to part too much with Forks, and if anyone asked, I had managed to convincingly lie and say it was for Charlie's sake. And then, to my surprise, I began to receive letters from colleges I hadn't even applied to –mainly because I know they'd be out of my reach (both economically and intellectually). So when I got the letter from that school, my eyes narrowed instantly. But as soon as my suspicion had come, as soon as it even crossed my mind that somehow the Cullens had managed to secure a place for me at an Ivy League school, I decided to forget all about it. After all, they obviously didn't care enough for my future since they made no attempt to stay in it. So here I am now, unpacking the last of the cardboard boxes in my room number 201 in Dartmouth University –surprise, surprise. I had been so sure that I wouldn't want to part with Forks, but when I saw that Dartmouth had a spot for me, the small part of my brain pushed me to decline every other offer. I got here a couple of days ago after spending most of my summer in Florida with Renee. She'd been so happy that I could go to Florida to see her, even if I didn't want to go to college there. The idea of having a dorm was sort of fun I guess, at least I'd get to know someone here for sure. She hasn't come here yet, I hadn't even bothered to check her name, but we still have a few days before the school year starts. I only hope she isn't the too perky or the party type, since I've never been like that myself. And because that would remind you a little too much of a short-haired pixie a small voice reminded me, but I shrugged it off. Since I was done unpacking I decided I'd go explore the campus a little more. I haven't seen the whole thing yet, it's just that it's so huge or so it seems, but you can't blame me coming from a town that barely had a little over 3000 people. Looking around the campus was fun; I got to see their huge library which would probably be the place I would spend the most time. As I was taking the long way to my dorm I saw the music hall so I decided to enter. There was no one inside and, like all the rooms here, it was huge and beautiful. They had every single instrument you could ever think of, but there was one that captivated me, the grand piano. Over the summer I also learned how to play the piano; it was a nice way of remembering him while not thinking of him directly. And after many failed attempts I learned how to play my lullaby. It didn't sound the same and I got stuck in some parts but still it made me relax a little. I neared the piano and passed my finger lightly over the keys. I sat down on the bench and started playing what I could of my lullaby –the familiarity relaxing me enough, but not nearly as sounding soothing as it had once been. Finally, when my song was over, my fingers subconsciously started playing one of the songs that could express my feelings just right. My Immortal began to echo across the room, the lyrics floating in my head as the song kept on playing. … Your pressence still lingers here and it won't leave me alone. These wounds won't seem to heal, this pain is just too real, There's just too much that time cannot erase … I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone. But though you're still with me, I've been alone all along. … But you still have . . . all of me Me . . A single tear escaped my eyes. I just couldn't hold it back. There was just too much meaning in that song for me. This pain is too real and time would never erase it, no matter how much he guaranteed it. I knew it all along and even when he'd hurt me so bad he would always have all of me. His face is always in my dreams and nightmares and every time I did something reckless or stupid his voice was there. He truly chased away all the sanity in me, because it was only when I did something reckless that I could have him for a few moments. The worst part about my life was, that no matter how much I still loved him he never will love me back. He never had. That though just made all my charade fall, no matter how I looked on the outside I was broken and have been broken all along. I never recovered and never will; he has all of me and I can't work properly without my heart or my soul, because he might believe he doesn't have one but he does . . . he has mine . . he owns mine. I didn't realize I had kept on crying until a teardrop fell on my finger. I had to get away from here before anyone saw me. I still didn't like to be the center of attention, let alone if the attention was brought to me because I was crying. I started to get up from the bench but, being the klutz I am, my foot got stuck on the foot of the bench and I tripped. I waited for the impact, it wouldn't be the first time anyhow, but before my face touched the floor a strong set of stone hard arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me towards an ice cold chest. I was scared to open my eyes, scared to see that there was no one close to me and that I luckily saved myself from tripping. But I knew I had to face reality sooner rather than later, so I opened my eyes slowly only to find an Adonis holding me between his arms. I was captivated by his honey-gold warm eyes. It was until that moment that I'd realized my dreams and nightmares had been far from perfect. He was the same, of course, but instead of being the happy Edward I liked to remember (in comparison with the cold Edward I'd know for the following three days after my birthday) his face now held so much pain . . . too much of it. It's almost as if leaving had hurt him just as much as it had you. He wasn't supposed to suffer , the small voice in my head complained, he isn't supposed to be here! He isn't supposed to care! And right now, he shouldn't be holding me either, I added. My body recoiled from his touch as soon as I regained control over my shocked limbs. I had to get away from here; this wasn't going to help me at all. By this point, I was an emotional wreck. I started to run towards the exit, glad that I didn't trip again. "Bella wait!" he said, and once again made me notice how my memories had only dimly captured his velvet voice. I yearned to stay, to hear his voice once more. A part of me also yearned to listen to him, to question why his perfect voice was now drowning in pain. And a small part of me rejoiced in the fact that maybe, just maybe, he'd suffered just as much as I had during the past twelve months. Enough! I just started to run faster, I just needed to get away from here, from him. "Bella, please!" his voice broke, breaking my resolve along with it. It might seem completely idiotic to rush to aid the one person who had managed to break your heart and then stomp on the remains, but when you loved someone as much as I loved Edward, common sense flew right out the window as soon as I heard him hurt. My feet had stopped responding once again, and I somehow found myself facing him instead of the door. I found him on his knees dry sobbing, making it painfully obvious that he was definitely not fine. He looked so miserable, so hurt. Why would he be like that when he was the one who left me? I couldn't move. My head told me to get away from here, but my heart –which had apparently come