Welcome to Denali AN: So I happen to be the few who love Tanya/Bella pairing so I thought I'd give it a try and write a story seeing as there are very few stories centered around these two. Tell me what you think, please. Reviews will decide if I continue this or not, no use in writing a story that no one is reading. "So tell me why did you move from a one horse town to a no horse town?" Bella questions her father's sanity as she helps him unpack the uhale. "Better yet, could you tell me why I decided it was a good idea to spend my senior year out here with you?" She smarted off as she hefted yet another box label 'kitchen' which she brought of course. Charlie laughed as he too lifted up a much heavier box full off his sport stuff, Bella doesn't really know what's in there. "For one, the department out here is paying me a lot more, secondly, did you really want to be stuck on a year long honeymoon trip as Renee follows Phil around?" Charlie raises a brow at her in challenge. Bella glares at her father, but he is right, she didn't want to follow Renee, following Phil, as he follows his minor league baseball career. "Ugh! I hate it when you're right." Bella groans as she sets the box down on the kitchen table. "I really am glad you decided to spend time with your old man, Bells." Charlie blushed and scratched the back of his head at the admittance. Bella gives him a small, but sincere, smile. "I'm glad I did too, Charlie. Besides, " Bella smirks, "Phoenix was just too big and loud and wonderfully warm, you can only have so much paradise before it gets boring." Charlie grumbles beneath his breath as he reaches out to smack Bella's side with some leftover newspaper. "Keep it up and you'll be grounded." Bella laughs as she dances out of the way. "You're too soft for that old man." She leaves him there in the kitchen as she goes for her boxes at the bottom of the stairs. One at a time, she carries box after box up to her new room, the house is small, but it has charm. There's a nook just big enough for Bella to fit her full sized bed lengthwise in the middle of the wall directly in front of her bedroom door, with a window at the foot wall and a long window following the inside length of the bed. Her bed is tucked into the nook so that the fame of her bed lines up with the rest of the wall. The rest of the room is square, her closet is tucked into the front side of the wall at the foot of her bed and a bookshelf covers the front wall. She has a desk pushed against the wall left of the door frame and a long dresser running the length between the left front wall to the back wall. On the right side of the door frame there's a large bookshelf that houses Bella's favorite books that are sparactly spaced out by candles and little nicknacks she's collected over the years like sea shells and even a small cactus. There's a reading window on the right wall that faces the back woods. The nook is draped by soft curtains and fairy lights outline it floor to ceiling and across the top. The floor are made of old polished wood, but she's put a rug extending from the side of her bed out into the rest of the room, leaving about two feet of exposed wood on the three remaining side. She was happy to find that each window had a good sized awning over the top so that when it rained and snowed she could keep the windows open without fear of her things getting wet, if she chose to. It takes her just a few hours before she gets the room to her standards. Her bed is topped with three white covered pillows and a huge downy white comforter, the curtain draped across the nook's frame is a pretty, soft blue, same as the one on the window in front of her desk. The rug is fluffy, soft and white, as Bella doesn't wear her shoes inside her room, she puts them in her small shoe cubby shelf by the door. Everything is light and airy, and Bella actually feels like it's home . Bella grins, clearly proud of herself for unpacking and putting everything in it's place. She even placed her her favorite book on the lip of the reading bench window, the cushy pillow of the bench thick enough to keep Bella from feeling the wood beneath, and each side decorated with pillows for back support. She spends her time putting up a large cork board over her dresser and repins the dozens of pictures back into their places. Before she knows it, Charlie calls her down for dinner, pizza. She sits at the table and grabs a slice of the mushroom and cheese, Charlie only ordered it for her anyways. "So...what's the verdict?" Charlie takes a drink of his beer, waiting for Bella to respond. Bella finishes her chewing before she answers. "Well...it's not the worst place I've ever lived in." She cracks a grin. "In all honesty...I love my room, and the house is nice...I may even grow to tolerate the cold." Charlie smiles behind his mustache, his eyes crinkling at the corners as he lets out a belly laugh. "Well the room is a start." Bella answers him with a laugh of her own, glad to at least have a normal relationship with Charlie, as normal as it can be when she's only seen the man a handful of times since she was thirteen. When they've finished eating, Bella offers to clean up which Charlie gladly accepts as he takes another beer into the living room to watch some sport or another on the tv. She puts the leftovers in one pizza box and puts that into the fridge, Charlie will probably have another slice or two before the night ends. She quickly goes about making herself a cup of tea, chamomile, and heads up the stairs after shouting a goodnight over her shoulder to Charlie. She gets a grunted version in return. The site of her room, bathed in the soft blues of her christmas lights gives her a sense of comfort. She settles herself in bed, her cup sitting on the window's ledge as she lifts and opens the one spanning the length of her bed. The cold slithers in and wraps Bella in crisp, wild air. She'll probably never admit it, but the stars might be even more bright and beautiful out here. Ok, so she has no problem admitting it, especially with the sight from these windows. As far as her eyes can see there's only stars and trees. Maybe she would find something good in the wilds of Alaska and maybe that something would make her miss home a little less. She can only hope. Turns out, everyone loves the new girl, well they do in Denali because Bella seriously believes that her showing up is the biggest thing that's happened here since they discovered a snow shovel, but maybe she was being too critical, but maybe she isn't. By the time she gets to lunch she's mentally exhausted, and it has nothing to do with the mind numbingly easy classwork she's been doing. The only, and she does mean only, saving grace of the day, so far, is Angela, a sweet girl she met in her English class. This is what lead her to her current predicament. She sits at a table in the noisy cafeteria, and she's not alone. Angela, the sweet girl is next to her and then there is the rest. Eric, Angela's boyfriend, is nice enough if not a little eager. Tyler seemed okay, though he's already snuck a kiss to her cheek, which was rectified when he tripped over thin air while running away. Then there's Jessica, the girl will not shut up about 'who's who' in the school, and Bella has noticed that the girl isn't just talking to hear her own voice, but to get the attention of Mike. This guy, this Mike, is a tool. He won't stop asking Bella questions, and he won't stop staring at her, it's creepy. All of this changes the moment a group walks into the cafeteria and everybody, everybody, quiets down for a whole second before the chaos starts back up. The group consists of two girls and three boys. They are all pretty and pale, and from this distance it looks like they're all related in some way. "The Cullens." Jessica seems to catch onto Bella's curiosity. Bella looks at her and Jessica takes that as a sign to continue. "They're all adopted. The blondes are Rosalie and Jasper Hale, twins. The big guy is Emmett Cullen, he's Rosalie's boyfriend. The other girl is Alice Cullen, she's dating Jasper, then there's Edward." Jessica say his name as though he were a god, and Bella almost laughs at the concept. "Apparently he's too good for the rest of us mere mortals." Bella smirks as Jessica stabs her salad with way more force than is required. "Personal experience?" The table erupts with mixed reactions. Mike and Tyler burst out in peals of laughter, choking around the words that deem Bella right in her assumptions. Angela stares at Bella in shock and Eric keeps his gaze on Jessica, maybe waiting for her to blow up. Simultaneously, five bell like voices fill the cafeteria with laughter almost as though they heard Bella's remark, but Bella thinks of it as a coincidence. Jessica's face turns a shade of red that reminds Bella of molten lava, she decides to take pity on the girl. "Well, his loss Jess, you're a hottie. I bet he's gay. I mean, just look at his hair, he's trying way too hard to look like he doesn't care." Jessica perks up at her words. "Yeah, I know right?" She eagerly agrees with Bella, obviously trying to move the attention off of her previous embarrassment. "Definitely." Bella give her an exaggerated wink, before sparing one last glance at the Cullens. The one called Edward seems to be sulking while the others laugh around him, again Bella shrugs it off. When she turns back to the group, she does so with an evil grin. "Mike." Bella's grin widens as the boy's attention falls on her. "Rosalie, she's hot, right?" At first the whole table looks confused, most of all Mike, but then the boy grins. "Yea." His simple answer might come off as confident to the rest of the table, but Bella senses that it's bullshit by the way he fiddles with his soda bottle cap. Bella locks his eyes on hers as she lowers her voice. "You should go ask for her number. I mean, you are the football team captain, right? I'm sure you can take the big guy if need be." For a second, Mike's eyes glaze and then he puffs out his chest. "I am the Captain and I could take him, getting the hottie's number should be no problem." Mike rises from the seat and the table, including Bella, spins around to watch him approach the Cullen table. "He's going to die." Eric whispers as he readies his camera to catch the murder on film. Tyler nods in agreement but fails to say anything. "Bet you five bucks that Emmett decks him," Jessica whispers as she hurriedly takes a five dollar bill from her pocket. Angela pulls a five from her pocket as well, "Bet you five that it's Rosalie that hits him." "Done." Jessica agrees, but Bella shushes them as Mike comes to a stop in front