A/N: Thank you for all the reviews, they really mean a lot to me. As always most of my one shots are centered around Scorpius and Hermione. This will be my last one shot before I start my story I hope you enjoy. Scorpius paced around his living room as he waited to be picked up by Hermione. He had received an invite to The Burrow last week by Rose Weasley and now today was the big day. He couldn't help but feel nervous. The only Weasleys he ever interacted with were Rose, Hermione, Ron and Hugo. Today he was going to be meeting the entire Weasley/Potter clan and it felt like he was a lamb or in his case a snake going into the Lion's den. He imagined every possible scenario, which all included being shunned and hated. As he continued to ponder these thoughts, the flames in the fireplace ignited only to reveal none other than Hermione Granger Weasley. Scorpius smiled when he saw her, he had grown to like the woman ever since the time turner incident, and even more after what she did for him during the Mother's Day dance. "Hi Mrs. Weasley." Scorpius greeted as he approached her. Hermione smiled as she stepped out of the fireplace. "Hello Scorpius, are you ready to go?" she asked. Scorpius didn't reply however. He attempted to speak but no words came out of his mouth. Was he ready for this? Maybe he could just say he wasn't feeling well, but then they would assume he was just being rude. 'What you do in my position mother.' Scorpius asked himself. His mother was a brave person while pregnant with him. His father had told him how child birth was a big risk to his mother as it could potentially kill her due to her family curse she was born with. If his mother could pull through that, then he should be able to have the courage to go through with meeting all of the Weasley's. Hermione noticed there was a slight hint of fear in the boy's eyes. "Don't worry so much sweetheart, if it makes you feel better I instructed everyone to be on their best behavior and I promise I won't let anything happen to you." Scorpius gained confidence with this and took a deep breath and smiled. "Alright then, let's do this, thanks Mrs. Weasley." They both stepped back into the fireplace and floo'd over to The Burrow. As he exited the fireplace he was awed at house small The Burrow was compared to Malfoy Manor. At the same time, it had a nice warm feeling to it. Hermione motioned for him to follow her as they walked towards the front door. Scorpius's heart began to beat faster as he heard laughs and chatter coming from the outside. 'Here we go.' He thought to himself. "Oh, and Scorpius, call me Hermione while we're here, there's to many Mrs. Weasley's present." She told him. Scorpius nodded in response as Hermione lead him outside. Immediately Scorpius was rushed by 4 familiar faces as Albus, James, Rose and Hugo surrounded him. "Hey mate, I'm glad you're here, I was afraid you wouldn't want to come." His best friend Albus said. "Nice to see you here Scorpius." Rose added with a smiled that made Scorpius's face flush. James then slapped him on the back. "What's with the face Scor, you look like you're walking to your death sentence." "Come on James, he's clearly nervous about meeting the entire family, no need to make it more awkward." Hugo stated. Rose's younger brother had grown fond of Scorpius. He was like the older brother Hugo never had. Scorpius stiffened as an older woman approached them. She had red hair which he assumed meant she was most likely Rose's grandmother. "Alright then, stop teasing the boy James." Molly Weasley said. She then turned to look at Scorpius. "So, you must be Scorpius Malfoy, Albus and Rose have told me much about you, welcome to The Burrow." She said with a warm smile. Scorpius relaxed a bit. "Thankyou Mrs. Weasley, it's nice to be here, you have a very lovely home." Molly then surprised Scorpius by pulling him into a small hug. "Well thankyou Scorpius, you sure are a polite one, nothing like your grandfather or father were." "Grandma!" Albus, Rose and Hugo shouted in unison while James merely burst out laughing. "Oh, relax you three, anyways Scorpius, I hope you enjoy yourself, and if any of my sons give you trouble, you come get me and I assure you I will deal with them." Molly stated as she walked back to the other guests. "Well I'm going to be helping your grand mum out, you kids enjoy yourselves." Hermione said she ruffled Scorpius's Hair and winked at him. "You know I'm 16 now right Aunt Hermione!?" James said, but his aunt had already walked off. Rose and Albus decided to take Scorpius around and introduce him to the other Weasley's while Hugo and James went back to conversing with the rest of the gathering. Scorpius felt a little better knowing Rose and Albus were by his side. They both chose to start off easy and took Scorpius over to Albus's Parents first. Ginny noticed them approaching first and gave Scorpius a hug. "I'm glad you chose to come honey, I was debating on going over to that manor and dragging you here myself." She said. "It's great to have you here Scorpius, don't feel intimidated, I was nervous as well when I was first invited to The Burrow as a kid." Harry stated. "Thanks Mr. and Mrs. Potter, I met Albus and Rose's grandma, she was pretty nice." Scorpius said. Albus and Rose then moved on and took him over to meet their cousins. Victoire Weasley and her fiancé Teddy Lupin were talking to their other cousins Dominique, and Louis Weasley who were Victoire's younger siblings. Scorpius remembered seeing most of the Weasley family at school, but he never actually spoke to any of them, aside from Hugo and occasionally Rose. As Albus and Rose introduced their friend Dominique and Louis couldn't help but eye him. He was a Malfoy after all, could they trust him. "It's really nice to meet you all, Albus mentioned you guys, I wish we had a chance to meet before when Dominique and Victoire were still at Hogwarts." Scorpius said. Dominique and Louis were stunned by his mannerisms. Victoire simply smiled at him. "Well we look forward to seeing more of you, hopefully this is the first of your many visits here." She said. Teddy Lupin nodded in agreement. "We have plenty of time to get to know each other Scorpius, you are after all Albus's best friend and any friend of his is a friend of mine." Seeing their older sister and her fiancé being so accepting of the Malfoy kid, Dominique and Louis followed suit. "You should play quidditch with us later." Dominique offered. "Yea, we always have quidditch matches after we eat." Louis added. Scorpius felt more and more relieved. "Of course, that sounds great." He replied. This was going better than he anticipated. As they moved on to continued Scorpius's introduction tour, Albus's younger sister Lily approached them. "Hey, what gives, you guys didn't tell me Scorpius was here." She stated. "Sorry Lilly, we were so caught up on introducing him to everyone that we forgot." Rose said. Lily simply shrugged. "Don't let our family scare you Scor, at the end of the day we're all just big cuddly teddy bear." Albus and Rose now accompanied by Lily then lead him over to meet Molly Weasley II and her sister Lucy Weasley who were hanging out with Fred Weasley II and his sister Roxanne Weasley. Unlike Scorpius's previous encounter, Molly, Lucy, Roxanne and Fred weren't as iffy about Scorpius. They welcomed him as one of their own and had a good long held conversation with him. Roxanne especially found it easy to bond with Scorpius since they both had an interest in reading muggle books. Fred told Scorpius about all the pranks he had pulled at school and Molly along with Lucy questioned him on how his summer was going. After they introduced him to their cousins they moved on to their aunts and uncles. They all seemed to take a liking Scorpius, even their uncle George, though he was a little more hesitant than the others. Their grandfather was stunned by Scorpius's knowledge of muggle technology. "Finally, someone here can appreciate muggle technology as much as I do." Arthur Weasley said with enthusiasm. "I especially find their ability to overcome almost any challenge thrown at them, did you know they can take energy from the sun and use it to power electronics?" Scorpius asked. "You don't say? Ingenious these muggles are, trains underground, ships that can travel underwater, vessels that can fly in the air, and contraptions and turn sunlight into power." Arthur replied. All to soon the moment Scorpius was dreading the most had come. He felt his legs crumble as he began to approach Rose's father, Ronald Weasley. He was standing with his wife and eyed him as they approached. "Don't worry, aunt Hermione lectured uncle Ron earlier to behave, plus grandma and grandpa are in love with you for the most part." Albus elbowed Scorpius. Hermione gave Ron one last glare before turning to Scorpius. "How's everything going Scorpius, are you enjoying yourself?" She asked. "Yes Mrs Weas… I mean Hermione, everyone's been very nice, Dominique asked me to play quidditch with everyone after we eat." Scorpius replied as he tried to avoid Ron's obvious glare. "We're glad you're having a good time then, aren't we Ron?" Hermione looked over to him with a look that said 'you better say yes.' "Yes of course, very glad." Ron grumbled. Rose knew her father was struggling to keep himself composed. "Well I think we're going to go hang out for a bit before dinner, come on Scorpius." She said as she dragged him away from her father. Lily stood there and gave her uncle a look. "Jeez uncle Ron could you be any more obvious with your glares." She commented before walking off. Albus merely shook his head at his uncle and followed after the others. Hermione smacked him on the arm. "I told you to be civil." "Hey I was civil, that doesn't mean I have to smile at him or anything." Ron replied. "Honestly Ron sometimes you act like a kid." Hermione groaned in frustration. "Come on Mione, you heard him, he's having a good time, everything is fine." "He's clearly nervous about being here, and you staring at him as if you're going to murder him doesn't help." Hermione couldn't believe how oblivious Ron could be sometimes. Ron surrendered. "Alright alright I'm sorry, I'll try to put on a happy face next time." The extra-long table was full of chatter as the Weasley/Potter clan ate. One blonde boy intently listened in on conversations that were being held. Hermione, Ron, Ginny, and Harry were discussing how things were going in their respective work places, Victoire and Teddy talked about setting a wedding date, all of the cousins were happily enjoying teasing each other and talking about new subjects they'll be learning at school. The rest of the adults were swapping stories and talking about their kids. This was the first-time Scorpius was surrounded by so many people who might have had several differences, but were all still one big family. He felt something he hadn't felt since the passing of his mother. He felt as if he finally belonged to a family again, the Weasley's had all welcomed him and had made him feel like one of their own. He snuck a look at Hermione and she winked at him, 'something mum used to do when I was nervous or afraid' Scorpius thought. The long awaited quidditch game had