3:22 AM. This was the fiftieth night in a row that Niamh had awoken to the echoes, the whispers in the dark. Always at the same time, always the same voice. Of course, the sound disappeared as soon as her eyes opened. The hiss of her name had sounded so real, so close. Maybe it was all in her head, just a remnant of a dream, yet she felt like the voice was trying to wake her from her slumber. The voice was familiar, but she could not recall ever having heard it before, nor could she picture to whom it belonged. Tired and frustrated, Niamh lay back on her pillows and tried to return to the sleep that now evaded her, of all the nights to lie awake, this was certainly not the best, and she had to be up at six for God's sake. It is safe to say that she was not in the best of moods when the time to get up and ready came around. That morning the walls gazed blankly at one another, empty of posters or personality. The street outside peeked in through the window, clear of knick-knacks and photo frames, never again would it flaunt its bright tresses. Boxes sat upon the floor, groaning with the weight of their own insides, waiting patiently for their perilous journey up to the loft, jealously eyeing the suitcase standing by the door, a sentinel protecting the only possessions that would get the honour of leaving this house. At eighteen, Niamh, blonde haired and grey eyed, was preparing to leave her small town for university, which meant she would finally escape the foster home in which she had spent all her life. And she could not wait. No more curfews, no more shared bathrooms, no more people stealing her food. Just a nice flat to herself, paid for by her parents – whoever they were. When she had been left on the doorstep, she had been accompanied by a big fat bank account. Niamh guessed it was a guilt thing; they were giving her up and felt bad leaving her with nothing. As much as she hated using the money, it had made preparing for university easier. Niamh exited her old bedroom, suitcase in hand, closing the door behind her. No one even stopped her to say goodbye as she crossed the living area into the hall and out the door into the waiting taxi. The ride to the train station was short and awkward, is there seriously nothing more important for taxi drivers to talk about than their shift pattern? The train station was surprisingly crowded for seven in the morning; people hurried and scurried around her, pushing past with flustered expressions. Niamh fought her way to her platform and fished her ticket from the front pocket of her suitcase wishing to be away from her small town as possible. When the train arrived, Niamh climbed aboard, an old man even helped her haul her suitcase up onto the train, and she thanked him and went to an empty seat by a window. She had a table to herself as none of the other boarding passengers sat anywhere near her so she hooked up her iPod and blasted her eardrums carelessly. Her mind drowning with expectations and fantasies of university life, Niamh failed to notice the arrival of the ticket master until his gentle tap of her shoulder dragged her to the surface, scaring the life out of the poor girl. "Ticket please," He requested in a bored monotone, this clearly was the beginning of a very dull day for him. Niamh handed over her ticket, which had been waiting in front of her. The dark-haired man glanced at the ticket in his hand, looked back to Niamh, and smiled as though something had surprised him; he opened his mouth to say something, but hurriedly closed it having thought better of it. His gaze returned to the ticket and he clicked a hole in the card. The man gave back the ticket, his green eyes fixed upon her grey ones. "You'll need to get off at the fourth stop." He instructed and turned to the next passenger. "Thanks." She muttered, thoroughly confused by the odd way he had looked at her. The fourth stop. She was travelling the length of England and onward to Glasgow, there surely had to be far more stops before they arrived there! The first two stops came and went, the train emptying and replenishing itself of passengers as it went along. Stop number three arrived after two and a half hours of a mixture of cityscape and countryside, out of her window bloomed a village of around twenty houses. The train came to a halt and the tannoy announced they had arrived at some place that Niamh had never heard of, passengers got off, but only one man came aboard. He had long, shaggy black hair and was in need of a shave; despite this, he carried himself with an air of nobility and grandeur. The stranger seated himself across the aisle from the blonde girl, opposite the elderly man whom had helped Niamh with her suitcase. Gradually, the train pulled away from the village platform, gathering speed as it went, plunging them into a mass of countryside. Another hour later the train shuddered to a halt alongside a dilapidated station, if the worn-down shack could be called a station, there was a small sign, its paint peeling, which read 'Darthol'. This was the fourth stop, yet it was definitely not the bustling city she had expected to arrive at. There was no announcement and none of her fellow passengers seemed to have noticed they had stopped, well, none except the two across the aisle from her; they were collecting their possessions and preparing to disembark. Niamh checked her ticket; confused as her ticket no longer read Glasgow, but Darthol - where the hell was Darthol? "Your stop?" The elderly man asked as he rose from his seat, eyeing her carefully. He had the aurora of a grandfather, kind yet fierce. His beard hung down to his chest and his hair ever lower, both were grey, as were his clothes. Funny - she had not registered his… alternative dress; he wore robes such as the girl had never seen before, they seemed both humble and grand at the same time. Niamh nodded to him, it was on her ticket after all, she could always get the next train to Glasgow once she got on the platform. She stood up, still unnoticed by the oblivious commuters, scooped up her iPod, stowing it in the pocket of her leather jacket, and reached for her suitcase. Before her hand got very far, another had grasped the handle and was swinging it away. "Allow me," She heard a voice insist, looking up she met the steel eyes of the shabby-haired man. He flashed her a small smile, which she returned. "Thank you." Niamh followed the two gentlemen through the carriage doors and off the train, who closed its doors quickly and raced off, leaving Niamh alone in a strange place with two, even stranger, strangers. With the train gone, all was silent. The two men waited patiently for Niamh to say something. She stood stock-still; trying to make sense of her surroundings, but apart from the small station/shack there was nothing to be seen for leagues around, other than the most breath-taking countryside Niamh had ever witnessed. There were rolling hills of greens, deep and luscious; outcrops of rock, glittering and glinting; a forest watched from the distance, wary of the new arrivals. The shack was but a mark on velvet, a small flaw in the otherwise perfect landscape. Evidently, the silence had gone on long enough for one of the trio, "Do you know yet where you are, young one?" The elderly man asked, pulling out a pipe from the depths of his robes, she recognised his voice somehow, but where from? Niamh shook her head, unable to gather enough coherent thought to construct words. The old man chuckled, proceeding to produce a long grey walking stick, with a gnarled top, from a fold in his robes - where had he been hiding that? "I think introductions are in order here, Niamh." The girl's eyes bulged. He knew her name, what else did he know about her? "My name is Gandalf, member of the Istari and this is Aragorn, son of Arathorn." The shaggy-haired man gazed down upon her, smiling, and inclined his head in a small bow. "We come to escort you, my lady." Finished the grey one. The poor girl struggled a moment, scrambling around in her head to find the most important questions: "Where are we? How do you know my name? How do I get back?" The words fled her mouth as a tangled rush, confiding just how unnerved this place had caused her to become. "Darthol," began Aragorn, "We are in Darthol, the last outpost between your realm and Rivendell, to which we go." He glanced nervously to Gandalf, unsure of how to answer the next questions, how much to reveal, and seeing a thousand new enquiries bloom in the girl's eyes. Gandalf shook his head with a warning glare. "You shall be informed more so upon our arrival," He said, after some thought. Catching the flicker of doubt and worry upon her face, he spoke once more. "Fret not; no danger shall befall you whilst in our charge. The walk is but a few leagues, it will not take long." Niamh opened her mouth to ask yet more, but was cut-off: "It would, perhaps, be best if you saved your interrogation for our destination, young one; it is not wise to discuss such things out in the open." The old man climbed down from the platform with surprising ease, followed by Aragorn, who had taken her luggage and was waiting to help her down. Numbly she stumbled to the edge of the platform and allowed herself to be hoisted from the platform. "Come now, my lady, we must away if we are to make your meeting on time." Niamh simply nodded thanks and began to follow her two companions eastward, having given up any hope of an explanation. "Hurry, child, we cannot delay like this." Gandalf scolded, this was the second time Niamh had stopped; she was so unused to walking great distances, they must have traversed at least four miles, she thought and was in need of a breather. "We are to deliver you home swiftly, young one." Niamh's ears pricked up, "Home, you can get me back?" Her face split into an enormous smile, hope had been rekindled. "Whatever do you mean 'back'? You think that dismal world we freed you from to be home?" Gandalf questioned. Niamh's smile faltered, where was home? It was not the foster home certainly, she never had any friends there, but how could it not be, when it was all she had ever known? Maybe Glasgow could have been her home, but she had not even made it that far. A feeling of homelessness and homesickness hit her all at once, how could she miss a home she had never had? They continued to walk on in silence, Niamh trapped in a sphere of thought, unsure of herself, uncomfortable with how much these men seemed to know of her life. These men with their outlandish dress sense and their archaic ways of speech, they did not exactly fill her with confidence, especially when they kept casting cautious looks in every direction, it made her feel they could be ambushed at any moment. Then it hit her. She knew where she had heard the old man's voice before; she had heard him on the edge of sleep for so many nights now, always whispering her name, the way you whisper to a loved one when trying to wake them gently.