Author's Notes: OK this is a new story I'm trying it's Bella/Paul. I've never done a Bella/Paul before so your views would be appreciated. As always thanks so much to JenJenSon my beta she's a real star! This takes off after Edward has left and goes from there writing a nice new future as if the Cullen's never returned...although I haven't decided whether to have any of them come back later or not I'll admit but the focus of the story is Bella and Paul so sit back and I hope you all enjoy it. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, the characters, book or film and make no money from this story it is pure fiction for fan purposes. I also don't own the lyrics in this chapter they are some random lyrics from Rihanna and Eminem's Love the Way you Lie Part Two and some other random lyrics from Save Me by Remy Zero. Obviously if you're not a fan of lyrics in stories you don't have to read them. Chapter One: Fables On the first page of our story The future seemed so bright I lay on my bed helplessly thinking about what Jake had said. I needed to figure out his secret for myself...I already knew it. I sighed in frustration and climbed into bed. Maybe a good night of sleep would clear my head so I could try and figure it out tomorrow. Then this thing turned out so evil I don't know why I'm still surprised The nightmare came again. Edward and I in the meadow and I knew he was going to leave me again. I relived the nightmare so often I no longer fought it, no longer screamed...I just cried in my sleep. Even angels have their wicked schemes And you take that to new extremes But you'll always be my hero Tonight though, it was different. Edward turned away from me to face a giant wolf; like the wolves that saved me from Laurent... Maybe my subconscious was just guilty that some innocent creatures took my place. Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's all right because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's all right because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Then Edward leapt for the wolf and drank. I heard myself shout for him to stop but he didn't until he was crouched over a limp body, a human body...Jacob... In this tug of war, you'll always win... 'Cause you feed me fables from your hand... "Edward don't!" I screamed aloud. Then as always Edward walked away and on the ground lay my Jake... "Jacob!" I sat bolt upright gasping for breath. The wolves from the story... New realisation hit me like a bucket of cold water at the whole truth of the Quileute legend that Jacob had told me so long ago. Was every myth or legend like this? Was there some truth in every magical, mythical creature? How could we have been so blind? Non-human creatures had been living under our very noses since the beginning and we were clueless! Oh god Charlie! My blood ran cold as I leapt out of bed and checked outside for his cruiser. It was gone already. It was still early but I had to warn Jacob. I don't think I've ever gotten up and dressed as fast as I did this time. Moments later I was reversing my truck off of the drive. This morning, you wake, a sunray hits your face Smeared makeup as we lay in the wake of destruction By the time I pulled up outside Billy Black's house I had lost my nerve. I forced myself out of my truck and knocked on the door. Billy begrudgingly let me in after I practically pushed past him. I pushed open Jake's bedroom door and froze in my tracks. There lay my Jacob sound asleep. So relaxed and content even though he was now so huge he was hanging off of both ends of his bed. I sighed and ran my hand through my hair. I'm nothing, I'm so lost, hug me... "Tell him to come and meet me on the beach please." I told Billy before leaving the house as quickly as I had come. I didn't get far before I spotted a group of boys approaching the house. Sam's gang; the ones Jake had always been so afraid of. Before I had time to think it through I was stomping my way over to them. "What have you done to him?" I shouted. "What have you done?" "What did he tell you?" the one on the far left growled right in my face threateningly. I pushed him, trying to gain back some personal space. "Nothing! He told me nothing because he's afraid of you!" I shouted, stepping back a tad since my shove hadn't worked. But he did look pissed off now. "Easy." Sam told him. "Answer me!" I shouted, shoving harder. Then everything was in slow motion. The boy seemed to practically tear apart and in heartbeats a huge wolf as tall as me stood in his place. I stepped back very quickly turning to run from him. I spotted Jake coming out of his house. Then after that, shove me, in the aftermath of the Destructive path that we're on, two psychopaths... "Bella!" he shouted to me, running towards me. "No Jake run!" I shouted back to him. But he didn't run. I saw him jump but I never saw him land. Instead in place of Jake was an enormous wolf, only this one wasn't grey it was more of a copper colour. "You guys get Bella out of here, take her to Emily's." Sam called, running after the two wolves now fighting in the bushes. "Come on...I think I should drive you don't look so good." Embry said, as they guided me towards my truck. Before long we stood outside a small wooden house. It was lovely, so charming and homely. The two boys were discussing Jake and Paul fighting and I really did feel sick. "What if one of them gets hurt?" I spoke up. They just laughed in response to this. "Come in Bella, we don't bite." Jared said, entering the house. "And about Emily, don't stare. It bugs the hell out of Sam." Embry added, following Jared inside. I was going to ask them why but it was too late, they were already inside so I helplessly followed. Both boys now sat at the table tucking into the food the woman they called Emily was placing on the table. Now I saw what they meant. Half of her beautiful face was scarred, causing one side of her face to drop in an almost constant grimace. "So, who do we have here?" she asked. "Bella Swan." Embry replied. "So you're the vampire girl...should've known if anyone would find a way past Sam's gag order it would be Jake." She smiled. "So you're the...wolf girl." I said lamely, she just smiled contentedly. "I guess I am." She said, turning back to the steaming pot. Then another figure entered the house, the one who had got pissed at me. He sat down at the table and then smirked up at me. "Sorry." He winked. Then he froze and his smirk dropped, his face was a picture of shock. I glanced around awkwardly, feeling self-conscious. "What?" I finally asked. He blinked a few times and then lowered his eyes to the bread in front of him. "Sorry, just deep in thought." He shrugged. The others looked at him suspiciously but I didn't have time to think on it before Jacob appeared in the doorway. "Come on." He said. I nodded and waved at the others briefly before following Jake back out of the warm house. "So you're a werewolf." I said after a long awkward silence. "Yeah...last time I checked." He replied. 'Cause you feed me fables from your hand I don't know why I'm still surprised... "So that's the deal with the secrets?" I asked. "Yeah, Alpha's orders." He nodded. By the time we returned to the house it was as if nothing had even happened. Warm arms caught me as I tripped on the steps entering the house. Embry stifled a chuckle at my clumsiness and I flushed in embarrassment as usual. "Hey Bella it's goes left foot then right foot then repeat. Pretty straightforward." Paul snorted in my ear. I flushed even more but I glared at him and he looked at me strangely again. "I'll try to remember that." I said sarcastically. "You always were a clumsy kid guess some things never change." He retorted, dropping me. I narrowed my eyes at him. He dropped me? He had caught me from falling and then dropped me like I was hot coal anyway! I muttered a few choice words under my breath as I got to my feet secretly hoping her heard every word. "I don't remember ever meeting you before." I replied evenly, turning back towards Jake now talking to `Sam and Emily. Although all I knew about Paul was that he was older than me so it was possible that I had met him as a kid and never known since I knew Jake and Jake looks nothing like he did just months ago let alone years ago. In fact I knew nearly nothing about the pack. I knew that Sam was engaged to Emily, that he was the oldest and that he was the alpha and I knew that Paul was the second oldest and pretty much his second in command by the look of things. Jared was the same age as me and some of my friends knew him really well because up until the "cold ones" as they put it had moved to Folks he went to the high school with them and then Jake and Embry were just bit younger than me. They all looked around twenty-one though and all pretty hot, I'd be blind not to notice. Everyone always wondered what they fed the kids up here but now I knew...they were wolves. I try to run but I don't wanna ever leave With the exception of one wolf in particular everyone was very welcoming and Sam and Emily's house was warm, cosy and homely. I was beginning to think that hanging around here may help numb the pain again. ~Two Weeks Later~ "Morning Bella!" Emily smiled as I entered her house. "Jake said you'd be coming to visit today." "Forced me to is more like it." I mumbled; then I had the grace to look suitably embarrassed at my bad manners. "Not that I don't enjoy coming to see you I'm just...suspicious of his motives." "I understand. He does have a certain spark for you but I assure you he's getting over it." Emily replied. "I think the boys just think it's safer here. They'd probably heard half the town up here if they could." I was about to question her further when I noticed Paul and Sam enter the room. Sam gathered his fiancée in his arms and kissed her across her cheek to her lips. Paul just looked fed up and waited. "Come on, let's go get the bitch already!" he snarled. Sam broke away from Emily and smiled at me as he moved towards the door. "You two keep out of trouble." He said. "Be careful!" Emily told him firmly. "I'm sure the five of us can take the red head no sweat!" he told her, that's when my blood ran cold. I just kept picturing her red curls as she left the baseball field, glancing back at me almost threateningly. "What red head?" I croaked out, but it was too late they were gone. I rushed to the door and stepped out onto the porch. "What red head?" I called louder.