Ok so this story doesn't skip time and basically shows every detail that occurred during their 7th year. Not just between James and Lily. The 1st chapter kind of just explains the base of the bases of everyones lives in other words their feelings. James Potter, 17 years old. He was about to enter his last year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. One of the most brilliant students in his year. James was tall. His hazel eyes wore round glasses. He was Quidditch Captain he played as a Chaser for Gryffindor. He loved to fly and was exceptionally excellent at it. He had long since given up trying to control his dark black hair. Instead every time he sees a girl or gets nervous or just wants to seem cool he runs his hand through his hair to make it appear windswept as if he had just gotten off his broom. James was an only child from a respected family, the "Potter's" With pureblood and a large fortune he was looked up to by wizards who believed money and blood status mattered. However his family line thought nothing of the sort. He lived with his parents in his Manor. Well it was like that till the previous year. His best friend Sirius Black another boy coming from a wealthy and respected pureblood line. He was also very bright. He had shoulder length black hair and dark brown eyes. However unlike James's kind parents, Sirius wasn't so lucky. All of them forever judging Muggles, Muggle-Borns, Squibs and Blood Traitors. Sirius was unlike his family. His family crazy about blood purity and showed darkness to those they considered beneath them landed them all in the House that believed completely in that, Slytherin. Sirius's different heart put him in the same House as his best friend James, Gryffindor. His mother and he always went head to head till he couldn't take it anymore and ran away the summer before his 6th year at school. The Potter's always viewing him as a second son took him in. It was a bright sunny Sunday and James and Sirius were making their way to the barrier at Kings Cross Station to get to Platform 9 ¾. "So this means I can do whatever I want now right? Get away with anything?" Asked Sirius. Confused by what Sirius was saying to him James asked "At school?" He looked curiously. "What gives you the impression you can break the rules this year. Or should I rephrase what gives you the impression you'll get away with it since consequences or not, you do whatever you want." "Well your Head Boy. Don't tell me your going to go all stern. Might I remind you that every time I broke the rules more than half the pranks were your idea." Sirius explained hoping he would get a reprieve due to his friend's new status and power. "I'm not going stern ya git." James looked annoyed. "It's ok I understand your new title has made you a bore. We're still mates." Sirius teased James. "Sirius!" James shouted. "I'm kidding. I know how hard you worked to become Head Boy we were all hoping you'd succeed, especially when we heard it would be either you or Snape." James paused for a moment to look at his friend "and…?" he asked suspiciously. "And I get that you can't be as irresponsible. Which is exactly why I made sure I would NOT get the position of Head Boy." Sirius laughed. "Besides as much as we are accustomed to getting in and out of well bad "situations." none of us would want you to get in trouble and cost you the badge when you worked so hard for it." Sirius seemed sincere however this was making James even more suspicious. "So your saying you DON'T want me to break the rules?" James looked at his friend as if he were worried about his health. "Feeling alright there Padfoot?" James inquired at his friend's uncharacteristic attitude. "I'm fine, can't I be worried about a friend?" Sirius asked almost as if he was feigning innocence. "Yes of course." Said James "But you of all people can't help but goad someone into some new twisted prank." They both laughed as they went through the Barrier. They loaded their trunks and got onto the train. James turned to Sirius. "I have to go meet with the Prefects, find Moony and Wormtail." "Got it, later mate." Sirius replied as he went to look for the others. They turned opposite ways as James headed to the front of the compartment. He reached the head of the train and saw the Prefects compartment. The Prefects of each house and someone else already their. He noticed now who the Head Girl was. Someone who he had been pining for, for years. Lily Evans was envied by other girls and doted on by most of the boys. She had long flaming red hair, and big bright emerald eyes. She was brilliant, beautiful, charming, and funny. Still so unattainable for him because unlike his not really accommodating the rules personality, she was different and unlike so many other girls, she found him annoying and obnoxious and tired of constantly having to reject him. James however this year although he still liked Lily decided to stop trying so hard. 'Already barking orders…' James thought to himself. James opened the door but even with the extra room it was full enough that he didn't want to go in and just wanted to find his friends."Being bossy already Evans?" James said making his presence known. Lily turned around her calm demeanor soured a bit. "So, you were made Head Boy." Lily said as she glared at him. "Are you surprised?" asked James. "Yes, I'm surprised how Hogwarts completely lowered their standards." She smirked at him. "Well honestly I'm not surprised a wand-in-the-mud like you became Head Girl." James held in a laugh as he grinned. "I'm not-" Lily started but James cut her off. "Forget it, I'm going to find my friends." James shrugged his shoulders and turned to leave but Lily grabbed his arm. "No, you wanted to be Head Boy so now you have to take responsibility for that." "You want me to lead the Prefects? Honestly don't you think that's more your position? I was never one after all." James said in an attempt to escape. Lily scowled, as James enjoyed her getting slightly ticked off knowing he had a point. "Fine" Lily said with a calm voice. "I'll talk to the Prefects and while you go down to your friends. I want you to check every compartment on your way." Lily couldn't help but smile at this. "That's the Prefects job." James said slightly annoyed. "I didn't say all of them just the ones till you find your friends. Besides that shouldn't be to hard and you could set an example for the new prefects." James took a deep breath and left murmuring things under his breath hoping he'd find his friends fast. Lily was smiling, happy that she got the last word in then went back to instructing the new Prefects. James finally found his friends. They were sitting in a compartment a few seats from the back of the 2nd carriage. He walked in and said, "Why'd you have to sit so far back?" In a huffy voice clearly irritated. "What's your problem?" Sirius asked wondering why James came in with an attitude. "A certain redhead who thinks she can boss around all of Hogwarts because she has way more power now." They all looked around and Sirius laughed at his friend's ignorance as James crossed his arms. "What's so funny?" Sirius stopped laughing and looked at James like he was an idiot. "You stupid git. Your still looking at her like she's a Prefect." James looked confused and asked "What do you mean?" "I mean…" Sirius answered "…that your Head Boy." "Your point?" asked James still confused. "My point is that you have just as much power as she does. She can't take points from you, or give you detention." James felt really foolish at that moment and realized he wouldn't let her boss him around this year. Well anymore so than usual. "James not that I don't believe in your utter brilliance…" Sirius said somewhat sarcastically "but how did you make Head Boy?" "We all knew it was a toss up between him and Snape." Peter said. Peter Pettigrew the shortest of his friends and a little more plump too. Also unlike his other 3 friends he wasn't as smart. He was pale and had watery blue eyes. His light brown hair was turning abnormally white as it was slowly falling out. "I mean the teachers said they were so equal grades wise they couldn't come to a conclusion. Maybe they voted." Peter suggested. "Oh yea and they voted for the 2nd greatest troublemaker in school?" Sirius replied sarcastically, while implying he was the 1st. "Yes well there are various reasons as to why he could have been chosen." Said Remus. Remus Lupin was the tallest of the bunch. Smart yet humble. Probably the most responsible of the 4. He was a half blood. Due to his maturity he was made a Prefect in his 5th year. He had green eyes and sandy light brown hair. He also had a dark secret. Remus was a werewolf. "A lot of the teachers said they would have to compare O.W.L. results. Also if they thought him and Snape were so alike why vote for the less responsible one correct? I suppose because even if Snape was better in his O.W.L.S. Which personally, not out of favoritism I doubt and merely say he was on equal footing. They probably stepped aside from who was better in academics when they couldn't chose, to who was more favored in school. Sure Snape could control students by instilling fear in others like he did as a Prefect. Dumbledore however might have chosen you due to the fact that people respect you which makes them more likely to follow you since many students already do." The other 3 especially James were surprised by this. Remus added "It might not have actually have come to a toss up if you took 6th year Alchemy." "And why would I want to do that?" James laughed wondering what his friend meant. "Alchemy is basically parallel with Transfiguration with a few differences. It would have been completely easy for you. Snape would clearly not want to take it and the decision for Head Boy would have been a lot easier." Remus explained to his friend. "No one takes's Alchemy it's too hard," Peter said to Remus. "People do take it, and teachers would have been impressed by James's abilities to perform so well in the class." Remus said comparing Alchemy and Transfiguration. "If it really did come down to O.W.L.S what did you get?" Sirius wondered. "That was a over a year ago the poor boy probably forgot." Peter laughed. "Actually Wormtail I do remember because it got me a new broom since I was made Captain." James said proudly. "Well?" asked Sirius. "In Defense against the Dark Arts I got an Outstanding." "No surprise there." Peter said. "I got an Outstanding in Transfiguration." "Definitely no surprised there." Sirius laughed. "And an Outstanding in Charms." "How did you manage that?" Remus wondered. "Someone…" James eyed Sirius "let slip I can produce a Patronus." "Well you should be proud not annoyed." Sirius told him, Remus laughed, "It's probably what got you the Outstanding." "Yea well mostly they were surprised I could produce one let alone a corporeal one since we only learn it this year." "Hang on, we studied it last year didn't we?" Peter asked "We studied Dementors, Raggen the old hag said we wouldn't learn the charm against them till later. I didn't feel like being helpless so I