A/N March 2016: (Rated M for language and all that other stuff) AU - I should let you guys know that this is set in the Twilight Universe with one simple change...Edward didn't come back from Alaska to save Bella from the van skidding across the ice. In this universe, she was killed in that accident. How can this be? I have this listed as Bella as the main character. No, she doesn't come back from the dead. But if you like stories with a strong female lead character, you're in the right place. This is a fantasy. If you like it or you don't, please review. Constructive feedback is always beneficial to amateur writers. Thanks. The Two-Tailed Woman I couldn't breathe. Even though I was frozen in shock, it felt like my entire body was on fire. Every muscle in my entire body ached, especially my back. I felt like I had been stabbed in the back with a hot poker…repeatedly. It was impossible to ignore the overwhelming pain. I couldn't focus on anything else. The need to breathe became overwhelming. I drew breath in through my nose resulting in the frigid air to fill my lungs. Pain shot through my back, where it felt like the hot pokers had been. I fought to hold back from crying out loud. As hard as I tried to hold it in, my vocal cords vibrated as I choked on the painful cry that had been building up within my chest. Big mistake. I didn't think it was possible to feel worse than I already did. My throat burned like I had just choked on scalding hot water. I was afraid to move any more than what was required of me to breathe. I didn't want to open my eyes. All I could focus on was not moving. I don't know how long I had lain there, not moving. But after a while, a measure of peace came over me. /\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ At least things felt different—my body felt different—instantaneously. The pain was replaced with gnawing numbness. My brain felt awfully fuzzy and my mouth was dry. My stomach churned with hunger. I must have passed out earlier from the pain. Something warm and wet gently brushed over my cheek. It traveled to my ear before I felt a strong, brief jet of air over my earlobe. My eyes snapped open. Relief washed over me because the pain I expected from opening my eyes never came. Fur. I saw a pillar of grey and white fur right in front of my face. I strained to look up towards the dark, cloudy sky. There was a dog standing over me—a mutt. I felt its hot tongue against my face. I was lying on my stomach, but my head was turned to the right. Just behind the dog's fuzzy leg, my arm was resting on top of small jagged rocks, all approximately the size of my thumbnail. Everything behind my hand seemed out of focus, however. I blinked, hoping that would clear everything up somehow. Yet, the blobs of grey-blue and white landscape in the distance never came into focus. Ringing. I didn't notice it until now. Maybe it was the pain that had been distracting me. Maybe I didn't notice it earlier but now I couldn't get it out of my head. The ringing was almost overbearing my other senses making it difficult to focus on anything else. The dog leapt over me, outside of view. A brown boot came into my field of vision, then a knee covered by slightly-worn jeans, followed by the panicked face of a man. I was slightly distracted by his auburn-colored mustache as his lips moved to form words—his face pale, like he had seen a ghost. His mouth was moving, but I couldn't hear what he was trying to say. "Hey!" It was muffled, like he just shouted through a thick piece of glass. The ringing continued. "Can you hear me?!" the muffled man shouted. I was too afraid to move. I couldn't stop the dread that started to seep into my bones as I stared back at his ghostly pale face. He moved closer to me, shouting, "We can't stay here!" The minute he started to move my weak body, there was no hope for escaping the searing white-hot pain in my back. I reflexively arched my back away from the stabbing pain over my shoulder blades. I was beyond panicked as my vision started to darken. The pain only seemed to be worsening. I allowed myself to slip off the edge into oblivion. /\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ The pain was gone for now. Instead, I was overwhelmed with all my other sensory inputs. There was so much noise. Shouting voices, machines beeping and ringing relentlessly… never was there a moment of silence. Then, there was the smell—the sickening smell of bleach along with other industrial-grade cleansing chemicals permeated in the air. I sighed, frustrated. Causing me only to gag at the stench surrounding me Tick. Tick. Tick. What was that noise? It was a rhythmic ticking noise which was causing my head to throb horribly. Along with it was a constant buzzing which droned on and on. Curious about the source of the wretched noise, I cracked open my eyes and immediately winced from the brightness of my surroundings. The harsh, blue-tinted florescent light made me close my eyes reflexively. My eyes didn't even have time to adjust to the bright lights around me. My sensitive eyes opened as only slits to prevent any more light from shining into them. I was lying on a lumpy mattress tucked under several rough blankets. There was a small tube filled with clear liquid attached to a plastic bag hanging from a metal rack above me. Beyond the metal rack, all I could see was several computer screens, a plastic nightstand, and an open doorway. There was a blond man in the hallway in a long white coat, facing away from me. He seemed to be talking to someone just on the other side of the wall. Despite the throb it caused in my head, I tuned into what was left of the conversation in the hallway. "…first to second-degree burns on her right-upper extremity and back." He explained slowly to the individual standing behind the wall. The blond man turned towards the doorway and did a double-take once he realized I was looking in his direction. In the flash of an eye, he was moving towards me with long strides. The man who found me—the man with the moustache—came into view. He was following the blond man closely—his expression was filled with worry… and hope. "Miss, my name is Dr. Roos," he introduced himself, keeping his eyes glued to mine as his hand blindly fished for something in the pocket of his white coat. Dr. Roos appeared a little bit older than the man who found me, he pulled out a pen from his pocket, "How are you feeling?" he asked sympathetically. How do I answer this? My head was spinning and throbbing, my throat was on fire, my ears were ringing relentlessly, and everything smelled like bleach. For some reason, a certain expression came to mind… I've been better. But that wasn't true either. All I could remember was feeling like hell warmed over when I had curled up in agonizing pain before being licked by the dog. What else was there to compare to? Nothing. That doesn't make sense. I don't remember. I searched my mind for some comparison, but I came up with nothing. "I…" I croaked softly from my flaming throat. I reached up towards my throat, coughing and wincing from the pain in my throat and in the muscles of my arm. "Would you like some water?" Dr. Roos asked just as a short, stocky woman in a blue outfit walked into the room. I nodded in response. Dr. Roos made brief eye contact with the woman, who left just as quickly as she appeared. "You're in Saint Joseph's Hospital in Tacoma." Dr. Roos informed me, as his eyes glanced at the monitors beside my bed. "You were found by Mr. Swan here in the Olympic National Forest," He gestured over to the man with the moustache before continuing, "What is your name?" I opened and closed my mouth. Nothing came to mind. I suddenly felt hyperaware of my heart beating in my chest. It felt like it was pounding against my ribcage which caused my blood to rush passed my ears. Dr. Roos could tell I was struggling to answer his basic question, so he asked another question "Is there anyone you would like for us to contact for you?" "I… I'm not sure." I stammered, my voice was still hoarse. "I guess…" I coughed weakly, the muscles in my chest ached in protest, "I'm having difficulty remembering." Apparently staying outside during questionable weather wasn't conducive to one's health. Dr. Roos explained that, based on the signs, it was likely that I had been struck by lightning. I had entry and exit burns located on my back and my right hand. He explained that there was no identification found. The man who found me, Mr. Swan—Charlie—was the chief of police in Forks, Washington. He had saved my life. Apparently I had developed myoglobinuria, according to Dr. Roos, this had been caused by my muscles over-contracting because of the electric shock of the lightning. If Charlie had found me any later than he had, I probably would have died. That night, I left the hospital in Charlie's police cruiser. It had been mutually decided that I would be staying with him until my identity was determined. My future had been thoroughly discussed between Charlie and myself along with various individuals at the hospital that included several social workers and my case manager. Charlie had stated I had nowhere else to go and he had connections through the Forks Police Department. My mind had raced, trying to understand my situation, as there was a lot for me to take into consideration. However, it all came down to what I was being offered. A safe place. My case manager explained to me that I couldn't stay in the hospital because of the cost alone. My short stay in the ICU would cost me upwards of $1,500 and there would be a bill sent to Charlie's address later this month. Plus I couldn't stand being in the hospital for one more minute. The scent of bleach had been nauseating, it was mere luck that I somehow managed to repress the urge to be sick. But a voice inside my head told me that no one was looking for me. I accepted the unexplainable feeling wholeheartedly. Call it instinct. Pulling into Charlie's driveway and cutting the engine of the police cruiser brought a huge sigh of relief. I had finally escaped the lights, smells, and sounds that I assumed had to be nearly impossible to get away from in the large city. It took three hours for us to drive back to drive back to Forks. In that time I discovered that I hated riding in the car. Not because the company was bad, no—we discussed many things, from baseball to fishing— it was the smell of the exhaust from all of the cars on the road combined with the bright, blinding headlights of oncoming traffic. He lived on the western outskirt of Forks, close to an expanse of forest that no one really owned. Charlie's house was peaceful. This reminded me… that something was missing. "Where's your dog?" I asked, as my eyes darted eagerly to each side of Charlie's home, thinking I might catch sight of a fence that might be his/her enclosure. "I called my deputy to pick her up when I drove to the hospital." He answered as he turned towards the front door, his boots crunching against the gravel. "I'll pick her up tomorrow."