Hi, everyone! So, this is my very first story here. Hope you guys like it. I have many chapters already written, but I'm planning to post them here as updates maybe once every week (or maybe more frequently, depending on any feedback/comments I receive). All grammatical errors are my own. I don't own any part of the Harry Potter universe, but any original characters are my own. But as I said, it's my first story, and I'm new to fanfiction, so any feedback would be great! xoxo Lacey "Harry, hurry up with those butterbeers!" "Harry, come on, mate!" "I'm coming!" Harry called back, his tone slightly irritated though his eyes were smiling and good-humored. Harry entered the Gryffindor common room and settled in between Ron and Hermione in a circle of students. The whole house was alive. Well, of course it was. Gryffindor had just won their first Quidditch game of the season against Ravenclaw, and once again, Harry was the Wizard of the Match, having caught the snitch in a terrifyingly steep dive that had Lee Johnson gaping at a loss for words. The celebrations that had started almost immediately after the match had grown so loud and wild that even Percy Weasley, the Head Boy, had given up trying to control everyone and had simply cast a silencing spell on the common room and retired early to the protests of his housemates for him to stay. Many of the students were celebrating in the common room, with the Quidditch players at the center of attention. Harry laughed along with his housemates, accepting the excited hugs and pats on the backs he received as he placed the four bottles of butterbeer, which he'd sneaked out of the kitchens, in the middle of the circle. "Do you remember Davies' face when you caught the snitch, mate?" Ron was saying, his face split in a wild grin. "Well, practice makes perfect, doesn't it, Harry?" Hermione said, looking at Harry with a proud smile on her face. "I'm so proud of you." "Thanks, 'Mione," Harry replied thankfully, blushing for the umpteenth time that evening. "Are we going to sit here all night or are we going to get the game started," Seamus hollered from the other side of the circle. "What game?" Harry asked. "Why, Truth or Dare, of course," Parvati giggled. "No better way to get the night started!" Harry groaned inwardly. The last time they'd played Truth or Dare, Cormac McLaggen and Jack Sloper had been sent to the Hospital Wing for breaking each-other's noses after a fight they'd gotten into arguing over who Daphne Greengrass – the 'Slytherin babe,' as she was called – liked better. It also ended with Ginny bursting into tears when Lavender inadvertently insulted the redhead's appearance. In short, Harry hadn't had great experiences with this game. He surveyed the people in his circle, and therefore, the people who'd be participating in the game. Besides himself, there were Hermione, Ron, Neville, Ginny, Lavender, Seamus, Dean, Parvati, Cormac, Oliver Wood, Jack Sloper, Alicia Johnson, Katie Bell and the Weasley twins. Oh well, Harry thought. Maybe it won't be as bad this time. "So, who's first?" George asked. "Well, brother," Fred replied, his eyes slanting slyly. "I'll say Oliver, since he's captain and all." "What a fantastic idea, Freddo," George agreed. The twins obviously had something in mind for the Quidditch captain. The students in the circle leaned forward in sudden interest. The last time the twins had interrogated Oliver like this, they'd managed to get him to admit that he was, in fact, gay – news that had been, to Oliver's relief, well accepted by the Gryffindor house, and then, by the rest of Hogwarts. "Fine, then," Oliver said, taking a swig of his butterbeer. "Do your worst." "So, Ollie," Fred said, leaning forward. "Truth or dare?" "With the way you're staring at me, Fred, I'll say Truth will be the less painful of the two options," Oliver replied, looking at the twins nervously. "Well," George said, happy with himself. "Who was your last kiss?" Oliver blushed. "I… I don't know, I mean – It's hard to say…" "Oh, come on, Ollie, tell the truth!" Fred chided, laughing at the embarrassment he was causing the Scot. "Yeah, come on, mate, who was the lucky gal?" Cormac asked, nudging the keeper. "Or lucky boy!" Alivia said, her eyes glinting in amusement. "Ahh… well, it was Cedric," Oliver finally admitted, trying to hide the blush that reddened on his cheeks. "Diggory?!" Ron gasped. "I didn't know he was gay," Harry thought out loud. "But you need to keep this all to yourselves," Oliver pleaded. "He hasn't come out yet, and we kissed once when we were drunk, and that was all, so…" "Don't worry about it, mate. Secret's safe with us," Jack Sloper insisted, giving Oliver a reassuring pat on the back. "Yeah, what's said in the circle stays in the circle!" Seamus laughed. The other students quickly nodded, agreeing to keep the Hufflepuff's secret. Cedric was a good bloke, after all. "So, who's next" Fred asked. "I'll go," Ron chirped up. "I have a feeling you two will grill me whether I go now or later, so I might as well get it over and done with." George snickered. "Well, little brother, unfortunately Fred and I haven't thought up anything quite as embarrassing as we would like to ask you." "Nevertheless, truth or dare, brother?" Fred asked, leaning in almost menacingly. "Dare," Ron decided, shrugging as if to say "here goes nothing." "Anyone got a dare for Ron?" Fred asked. "Make it a good one, if you please." "Oh I have one!" Ginny exclaimed. Ron looked at his sister worriedly. "Kiss the most beautiful girl in this circle on the lips. Right now." Harry's eyes widened. He took a quick glance at Hermione, who, he knew, had feelings for Ron even if she wouldn't admit it to herself. Ron had always been completely oblivious to them. Ron blushed, his cheeks turning almost the color of his hair. He looked around the room at all the girls present. Parvati eyed him eagerly while Lavender toyed with her hair, obviously inviting Ron to kiss her. After a few tense moments on Ron's part, he scooted over nervously to Katie Bell and gave her a quick peck on the lips. Katie looked up at him with a surprised but friendly smile. Ron blushed impossibly and quickly went back to his place. Lavender's gaze followed him murderously. Harry had to hide a chuckle. Serves you right. And so the game went on, with Cormac admitting that he'd once had a wet dream about Hermione, with Alicia admitting to having had sex with Terry Boot one day after a Quidditch game – knowledge that made Oliver narrow his eyes in disapproval – and with Seamus being dared to knock on Snape's door and run away – something that only earned him three days of detention, much to the Irishman's chagrin. When the clock chimed 2:30AM, Oliver, the only 7th year still awake with the giddy underclassmen, called an end to the celebrations, ushering everybody upstairs. The inner Percy Weasley in Oliver told him to at least make an effort to clean up the common room, which the captain attempted to do with a couple of spells he knew from the top of his head. After all, it wouldn't reflect well on the house if the common room was in ruins and the students were all hung-over and exhausted a day after a good and righteous win. Harry stared up at the ceiling above his bed. He'd closed his bed curtains, feigning exhaustion to his dorm-mates. In reality, his mind was tossing and turning with thoughts. He hadn't had much to drink, but he felt as though his mind was spinning. Harry was confused. He'd been confused for months now, ever since Oliver Wood came out as gay. And now, spurred on by the image of Oliver and Cedric… together, Harry found himself thinking again about the same thoughts that had plagued his mind when he realized that Oliver was gay. Harry couldn't deny that he had felt… something… when he thought about two boys locked together intimately. He found men attractive, that much he knew. But not so much women. Daphne Greengrass was a good example of this. She was lusted after by almost all the boys at Hogwarts. She was the epitome of a beautiful girl. She was blonde, slim, coquettish but shy and innocent, tall but not too tall, she had dazzling blue eyes and pert breasts… But she did nothing for Harry. Sure, she wasn't bad to look at, but he never imagined or even wanted to be with her that way. Boys were a different story. For months now Harry found himself noticing boys more than girls. He'd snuck peaks at Oliver Wood in the locker room showers, eyes trailing over his lean, toned body, the arch of his backside… Harry couldn't deny that although he didn't feel anything for the Scot romantically, he was extremely attractive. So was Jack Sloper, though Harry had a firm inkling that he was as straight as they come. The point was that Harry did like men better. He was attracted to men. He wondered how people would react if he came out. He wasn't ready yet. He definitely wasn't. Hell, he'd barely come to the conclusion that he was… gay. How could others accept it when Harry himself hadn't? But he wondered for a moment what things might be like if he did come out. Would Ron and Hermione accept him? Would they turn him away? What about the rest of his housemates? Don't be ridiculous, Harry thought to himself. They accepted Oliver just fine. And Seamus came out last year, as well. They treat him no differently. Harry sighed. But what if they did treat me differently? Could he bare it if his best friends changed towards him? Harry sighed and rolled over. There were too many questions. He knew he wasn't ready to answer any of them. Deciding not to worry about the thoughts that swirled dangerously around in his mind just yet, Harry closed his eyes and begged for sleep to take him. Oliver rushed down the corridor towards the Great Hall. He was extraordinarily late for breakfast, thanks to his hangover and his wand, which he could not locate for the better part of the morning before finding it wedged between the carpet and the floor of the common room. Just what I need, Oliver thought, another day when I miss out on all the good food for breakfast. Just as he was rounding the corner, he crashed into someone and was sent sprawling out on the floor. He looked up, dazed, and found himself face to face with a sneering Marcus Flint. "You'd think a Quidditch player would be able to stay on his feet better than that, Wood," Flint drawled. "Oh, leave it, Flint," Oliver said, rolling his eyes. He wasn't in the mood for a fight. But as Oliver tried to get up off the floor, the hand he was using for leverage slipped from under him and he collided with the floor again, wincing when his cheek hit the cold surface. He groaned and looked up again, expecting to see Flint laughing. Instead, Flint was kneeling beside him, looking at him with an unidentifiable expression in his eyes. "Jesus, Wood," he said softly, his voice lowering into almost a gentle whisper. Oliver couldn't pinpoint the emotion in his tone. Then, to Oliver's surprise, he felt Flint lift him up off the ground and to his feet. The Slytherin's firm touch was not at all similar to the rough handling Oliver had become used to when it came to the older boy. "Wha –" "Oliver!" Oliver turned to see Percy walking towards him, a disapproving frown on his face. "Where have you been?" Percy