High school Sweethearts Beta'd by Heather Spaulding Stephenie Meyer owns all things twilight and its characters Please enjoy. SUMMARY Bella and Jasper are twins who just moved from England to Beverly Hills and are new to Mason high school. The second that Bella and football Quarterback Edward Cullen meet, it is love at first sight for both of them. They decided there and then that they would be together no matter what. There is only one person who stands in their way. Edward's girlfriend Tanya. RATED M FOR LANGUAGE AND LEMONS. Chapter 1 January 4 th 2012 BPOV "Fuck," I muttered to myself as I dropped a box full of books on my right foot. I sat down on a chair, moaned and started rubbing my foot. I cannot believe that today is the day that I have been dreading for the past four months ever since my father Charlie Swan called a family, meeting that changed my family's life as well mine. That was thee day that my father told us that we would be leaving our home here in cold Edgware, London and moving to sunny Beverly Hills, California. Flashback 4 months ago September 17 th " Jasper wait up," I called to my brother as we got off the school bus outside of our home in Apple Dore close, Edgware. He grinned at me. " Come on then Belles" he laughed. I gave him the stink eye as he called me the same name that he had called me ever since I could remember. " I hate it when you call me that. I grew out of it when I was 6 years old," I growled. I love Jasper. He is not only my twin brother but he is also my best friend. But I still hate it when he calls me that name. He laughed as we went into our two-story home. I walked in to the house to find the kitchen full of smoke. May god give me strength? I cannot believe that my mother is trying to cook again. She is one of those people who would burn water. This is the main reason why she has Mrs. Cope come in every evening at 5pm to help her with dinner. " Mum, what do you think you are doing" I asked as I laughed. I quickly opened up all the windows in the kitchen to let the smoke out as she sat down and sighed in defeat. " I don't know Bella. I wanted to put together a nice dinner. Your dad has some great news and I thought it would be nice to have a good dinner so that we could celebrate," she said. My father is a lawyer and is currently looking for work since the firm that he recently worked for had laid him off. He is a damned good lawyer and I knew that he would not be out of work for too long. I had started to help my mother clean up and get the smoke out of the kitchen when I heard my father come in the front door. The second I saw him I knew that he had some good news for us, he was wearing this goofy look on his face as if he was saying I know something that you do not know. " Hello family! I was hoping to request your presence in the living room in five minutes for a family meeting," he grinned and practically skipped out of the kitchen. My mother and I looked at each other and followed him. I entered the living room to find Jasper already sitting on our brown leather couch. I quietly went over and sat next to him. My mother sat on the love seat while my father was standing in the middle of the floor looking at all three of us grinning. " Well there is no point in beating around the bush." " I GOT A JOB!" he yelled happily. For a second I thought that I did not hear him properly but when he said it again I jumped up and hugged him tightly while jumping up and down. I was so happy for him. My father is one of those people who needed to work and would not know what to do if he had nowhere to go to in the morning. He smiled down at me told me that he was not finished and would I please go and sit down. I went to sit down next to Jasper again and he put his arm around me while my father continued. " I didn't get the chance to tell you the best part before I was interrupted," he grinned at me. I looked down at my hands while my face blushed blood red. " The firm is called Cullen & Denali. I was offered the position of a Senior Counsel and the pay is excellent. Now I know that it will be a big move but it is for the best for…" Jasper stood up and glared at our father. " What do you mean when you said that that it will be a big move?" he snapped. My dad looked at Jasper and I sheepishly. " The firm is in Beverly Hills, California. They will be supplying us with a home, car and paying for our moving expenses. I will be able to send both of you to one of the best schools. So like I said it is a big move but it will be good for the family," he mumbled. Jasper got up and started yelling at dad waving his hands around like a crazy person, while my mother and I simply sat there in stunned silence. Dad put his hand up to stop Jasper when he was in the middle of shouting fuck you and I am not going. " Now I know that this is a shock to everyone but it is the best for everyone. The two partners of the firm Carlisle Cullen and Garrett Denali want me in LA by January. They have us set up in a beautiful 5 bedroom home in Beverly Hills and the both of you can start the new semester at Mason High School." " Jasper, Bella you are both only seventeen years old I know that this is a big change for both of you but you need to realize that this is the best choice for the whole family. I don't want to hear another word about it," he said and left the room. Just like that, it has been decided. We would be leaving our home in Edgware. A place that I lived in all my life and moving to Beverly Hills, California. End flashback I was suddenly brought back to the present when Jasper started yelling at me to get a move on. I have to admit that he has adjusted to the fact that we are moving to LA quickly and is even excited to get there. I on the other hand am dreading it. I am a simple, quiet, 17-year-old girl who loves reading and spending time with the few friends that I have. This new place will be as if the world has gone blonde, I can just see it now. A place full of tall, blonde, stuck up, model wannabes. Their figures will most probably be as plastic as their credit cards. There is no way that I am going to fit in over there. I am a short girl at 5ft 5ins with long boring brown hair and plain brown eyes. Jasper should fit right in with his blonde shaggy hair and blue eyes, he is the classic boy next door. At least he got his looks from mum when I got mine from dad. "Bella, we would like to leave now and not in the next five years," Jasper continued to call. I got up off my chair and took one last look at the home that I had lived in for my entire life. I sighed and walked out to where everyone was waiting for me in the car. As soon as I got in and put my seatbelt on, my father pulled out of the driveway and drove away. I turned around and watched as my home faded away. ~*~ HS~*~ 2 Weeks Later We have been living here in Hamel Drive, Beverly Hills, 90211 for a week and half already however it still does not feel like home. It is a beautiful house and for the first time I have a bathroom of my own but all I could think about was the nice cold weather of London and my friends going back to school full of stories about what they did over the Christmas holidays. Here the hot weather seems so unnatural for January. It has been two weeks of unpacking our boxes, dad settling in to work and mum trying to find her way around town. Today is the first day of school and I have to admit that I am scared shitless. Jasper on the other hand is excited to be starting a new school. At least he knows people who are also juniors at Mason High. He met our neighbor Emmett McCarthy, the day after we got here when we were unloading the moving van. They have been fast friends ever since. They tried to include me in all of their plans, but I kept shying away from Emmett. He was too intimidating what with him been so big and full of muscles. He seems like a genuinely nice person though and I am sure that I will warm up to him. I did not know what these California girls wore to school so I settled on a blue pair of knit color leggings and a white sleeveless blouse. The second that I was dressed I ran down to our kitchen, grabbed a granola bar from the cupboard and poured myself a tall glass of cold orange juice which I drank down in one go. It will definitely take me a while to get used to the warm weather here. Right now it is twenty degrees Celsius here, usually that is a hot day in the middle of June or July in London. I looked around to see if either of my parents were home but the place was deserted. Just when I was, wondering how I was going to get to school a car beeped outside and Jasper came into the kitchen looking for me. "Come on Belles, Emmett is going to take us to school," he said as he went out to see his friend. I shoved the last of the granola bar into my mouth and ran out to join Emmett and Jasper. As soon as I got to the car, I could not help but notice the girl in the front seat. She was beautiful. Tall with long blonde hair, blue eyes and a figure that a model would die for. I got in the back seat with Jasper, the model turned around and gave me a dazzling smile. "Hi! You must be Bella. I'm Rosalie, Emmett's girlfriend but my friends call me Rose," she smiled, putting her hand out. I took her hand and shook it while I smiled back. "Stick with me and you will be alright. I know what it is like to be the new kid," she reassured me. "Thank you. I am so grateful," I smiled sincerely. She smiled and turned around to look out the window at the scenery. Ten minutes later Emmett pulled into the parking lot of the high school. From the look of it, you could fit our old school in London in the courtyard. I got out of the car and my legs felt like Jell-O as I walked in through the doors with Rose, Jasper and Emmett. Rose and Emmett showed Jasper and I to the