A/N: This has been a long time coming. I was drawn into Harry Potter fanfiction by the questions left unanswered, and the biggest one of all is the story of James and Lily. This story lives in the same universe, so to speak, as Wrath of Merlin and Auror Commander . Neither is not a prerequisite, but I can certainly recommend them. If you're new to my work, I hope you take the time to give them a read too. Onto James and Lily. Some of the best fanfics do a stellar job of exploring the relationship between two brilliant characters. I want to offer my own take. Those familiar with my writing know that I don't pull punches and I don't cater to the lowest common denominator. Expect a story as much about Voldemort's rise to power and the Order of the Phoenix as it is about James and Lily going on Hogsmeade dates. PHOENIX RISING a James & Lily story — I. Immortality "And it's a human need to be told stories. The more we're governed by idiots and have no control over our destinies, the more we need to tell stories to each other about who we are, why we are, where we come from, and what might be possible." – Alan Rickman JAMES POTTER is off to Hogwarts. The Daily Prophet, Sept. 1st, 1971 They are amongst the most esteemed pure-blood families in the world. With influence all over the wizarding world, the largest non-Goblin shareholders in Gringotts Bank, and the owners of the British and Irish Quidditch League team, the Montrose Magpies, and two stadiums, one can see why the Potters are wizarding royalty. And that's only scratching the surface. No less than five Potters currently serve on the Wizengamot, and three top Ministry departments, (Magical Law and Enforcement, The Department of Magical Games and Sports, and Magical Trade) are practically run by the extended family. The Potters have also been responsible for the introduction of landmark legislation protecting the rights of Muggle-borns and several magical creatures in the last decade alone. In the last century, three Ministers for Magic have had direct ties to the Potters. With ancestry dating back to the Peverells, the Potters are one of the oldest and most-respected names in Wizarding Britain. Feared by their opponents, revered by their friends, and famed for the parties and functions they host, the Potters bring an entire new meaning to the phrase 'Very Important Wizard.' And now attention turns to their youngest - only child and heir - James. Today he boards the Hogwarts Express to Scotland. With every single Potter name on record a member of Gryffindor, it isn't hard to guess where he'll be living for the next seven years. Of course, James has to live up to his family's challenging reputation. In the last two generations of former Hogwarts students, three Head Boys, two Head Girls, and no less than eleven prefects are connected to the Potter name. Of course, one would be lucky to be James Potter. Despite the expectations of greatness heaped upon him, doors will open for the youngest Potter into the Ministry, Gringotts, and the international Quidditch scene, doors usually closed to most but the very best. Only time will tell, but surely, James Potter is taking his first steps on the path to immortality. He had read it countless times, of course, and could recite it word for word, but James Potter still enjoyed looking back at the article - one he'd neatly torn from the society pages - on occasion. It reminded him of who he was, of the expectations heaped upon him, and of the prominence his family possessed. Prominence that could be dangerous. Just last week, his uncle had been assaulted just off Diagon Alley. It wasn't serious, but an attack on one Potter was seen as an attack on all. James folded up the article, fingers running along the neat creases in the paper. He carefully tucked it into the drawer by his bed, then paused. A small furrow appeared in his brow as he pulled out a slightly worn photo from the drawer. He sat back on his bed and studied the picture. It was at a Gryffindor party. Himself, his best friend Sirius, Remus was talking animatedly to an obscured face in the background, Marlene, and a redhead girl, who, as if detecting his eyes on her, turned and glared at him, green eyes as hard as the emeralds to which he likened them. Those eyes. It was almost a pity that they belonged to Lily Evans, a girl who famously despised him, and turned down his advances at every turn, usually in a public nature. He couldn't help that he thought she was stunningly beautiful, even in pyjamas with her hair tied back into an unruly knot...Merlin, her hair. It seemed fitting that a girl like Lily should have hair that reflected her fiery temperament, something James was all too familiar with. She had more heart than some of the most devout Gryffindors, and a quiet dignity that exuded from her, in sharp contrast to some of the vapid blondes who flitted through James' social circle. On top of that was a wit and intellect that made Ravenclaws weep, and Professor Flitwick rue the day the Sorting Hat placed her in Gryffindor. She was one hell of a witch. But she wanted nothing to do with him. He couldn't see why not. He was James Potter. A thought came to him, and he cracked a rueful smirk. That was exactly why she didn't want anything to do with him - because he was James Potter. "Prongs!" Sirius called from outside the dormitory. "Yeah?" James answered. "You in there with some bird?" "Nah mate." Sirius sauntered in, an amused expression formed on his face. "Shame, really." James raised an eyebrow. "Really?" Sirius stood on his bed and looked down at James, spreading his hands. "Just concerned for you, Prongs." James shot him a sceptical look as Sirius continued. "I mean, when was the last time you had a good shag? A month? Two?" James answered with his middle finger, which went ignored by Sirius "Hell, James, I wouldn't be surprised if you'd forgotten how–" "I have not–" "Wormtail's probably getting more action than you!" James gave a derisive snort. "Is Peter getting some?" Remus Lupin strode into the dormitory with a puzzled expression. "Moony!" Sirius greeted. "Not only Peter, but I swear there must be third years who are having more–" "Enough!" Remus said, raising a hand. "Merlin, Sirius, I don't need to hear any more." "About Peter or the third years?" Sirius replied. "I don't want to hear anything about either of them! Anyway, it's nearly dinner. We'd best be going," Remus suggested. "Alright mate. Come along, Prongs!" Sirius jumped off his bed and the three headed down to dinner. At the Gryffindor table, James did a quick scan of its occupants. No Lily, but Marlene McKinnon as there. He lead Sirius and James to where she was seated. "Hey McKinnon," he greeted, sitting down. "Oh, hey," she replied, looking up. Both Marley and James, along with Sirius, played on the Gryffindor House Quidditch team. James grinned as the food appeared in front of them. "Where's Evans?" he asked, loading up his plate. Marlene shrugged. "Said she'd meet me here." James nodded in acknowledgement. "Planning on asking her to Hogsmeade?" Sirius and Remus sniggered. "Yeah, so they can take bets on whether I get shouted at, hexed, end up in the hospital wing…" "Odds on her saying yes to him are at a million to one," Sirius interjected. "Bit too high for me, Sirius." "Yeah, but you could always start off small - like what hex Lily'll use to say no this time." They were interrupted by a new voice at the table. "Hey Marley!" James' eyes flew to the newcomer, and met the same pair of emerald eyes he'd been thinking about not ten minutes ago. "Oh...Potter." His hand went immediately to his hair. James grinned. "Evans." She rolled her eyes and sat down. "So what'll it be today, Potter? The world is ending and the only way to save it is to copulate?" "No, but since when did we need a reason?" he quipped. "Potter, I may have said this before, but as I worry about how the things I say filter through the sorry excuse you have for a brain, I'll say it again: No, and not ever." "You worry about me? Evans, you do care!" he replied. "Yes, and I'm just playing hard to get," she said, picking up her plate, "Sorry Marley, I'm going to eat with the Ravenclaws." "Wait, I'll join you." Both girls left the table, Marlene turning and shooting a look back at her Quidditch Captain. The three Gryffindor boys were silent for a moment, then: "Fuck." Sirius swore. "What?" asked James "I remember where Peter is." "Where is he?" "He was sorting out that prank we where playing on the Ravenclaws…" "…tonight," Remus finished for him. James looked over at the Ravenclaw table, where Lily had just taken her seat. "Oh fuck." As if on cue, all the pumpkin juice pitchers on the Ravenclaw table exploded , sending sticky liquid and glass flying in every direction. As the hall collectively burst into noisy laughter and cheering, Lily stood and turned around, dripping wet with shards of glass through her hair, and glared daggers at James. "POTTER!" James cringed and swore again as she strode over. "Detention or points off, Potter?" "It wasn't even me who…" he began, his temper flaring, before giving a resigned sigh. He wasn't getting out of this one. "Fine, detention." She nodded. "Tomorrow night. I'll let Filch know." James groaned as she sauntered off. Sirius turned his head and watched her leave, eyes alight. "Merlin, that girl has a nice arse…" "Prat." "She does though!" "I've noticed." "I've noticed you noticing." "Why am I mates with you?" "I'm loveable, cuddly, and I can play fetch," Sirius replied dryly. James shot him a filthy look. "Fuck you're an idiot, Sirius." Where had it all gone wrong with Lily Evans? That was easy. Fifth year. They'd never been on great terms - something brought about by the fact that they seemed to bring out the worst in each other - but James had never felt that their relationship was beyond repair. Until the incident by the lake. The memory flashed vividly through his mind now - Snape, an unforgivable slur, a pair of underpants, and the hatred in Lily's eyes. He had hoped that the summer holidays would have helped lessen her displeasure, but now, halfway through sixth year, nothing had changed. Like he didn't have enough on his plate already. The pre-NEWT classes he was taking were a serious step up from his OWLs - he'd already accepted that avoiding study altogether was out of the question this year - and combined with his Quidditch duties, James was finding he had an alarming lack of free time. He gave a sigh of exasperation, settling back in his favourite armchair by the fire in the Gryffindor Common Room. Still, things could be worse. He was not oblivious to the fact that he was a prince amongst the Hogwarts students - known by all, admired for his magical skill and prowess on the Quidditch pitch - there was even a begrudging respect from a number of the Slytherins. Hell, even the armchair he was sitting in was testament to James' exalted position. He'd won it off a seventh year when he was only in his second, betting that he could supply more Butterbeer to a Gryffindor party than the senior student. Already fast friends with his dorm mates, James had enlisted their help and together, they'd pulled off the feat. Sirius had suggested they call themselves 'the Marauders' - and so the legend was born. James was pulled