Regulus Arcturus Black was everything a pure-blood family could expect from its heir. He was a charming and very handsome young man, an incomparably gifted wizard, and most importantly, he believed in blood purity. Enough that he had joined Lord Voldemort and became one of his Death Eaters when he was only sixteen years old. His mother and father (and his oldest cousin, Bellatrix, who was a Death Eater herself) were so proud of their beloved son. The young woman told them a lot of incredible stories about the wizard so the idea of their heir being one of his followers was heart-warming. What is worth mentioning, however, is the fact that Regulus Black wasn't always the heir of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, because he was the younger son. His brother Sirius – who was extremely talented and even more handsome than him – was the heir until their mother disowned him as soon as he had ran away from their family home. He was what wizards like them call a "blood traitor" because he believed that mud-bloods and pure-bloods are equal and blood purity did not matter. What a fool, the young boy used to think. He couldn't understand how his brother could think that way. To think that mud-bloods were worth as much as them, pure-blood wizards. Especially as much as the members of their family: The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. The purest of the purest. The best of the best. A few things have changed since he became a Death Eater. During summer before his last year at Hogwarts, at the age of seventeen, he got married to a French pure-blood witch, Charlotte Delacour, who was the same age as he was, however, she was home-schooled. But most importantly, he finally realised how foolish he really was. Because Regulus was still a student, he had no opportunity to attend the meetings often. Their Lord was aware that it would be suspicious if the students were disappearing from Hogwarts during evenings. The Black heir had, however, a chance to attend the last one, which was yesterday, because of Christmas break. He was so eager to prove himself that he didn't sleep at night. His wife wasn't thrilled, but she knew more than well that it was pointless to say anything. During the meeting, the wizard asked for a house-elf, so he, of course, offered his beloved one – Kreacher. The boy was proud as a peacock when the Dark Lord chose his house-elf... but then his servant returned, being barely alive. He confessed what the wizard ordered him to do... His world has been turned upside down. He couldn't believe it. He didn't want to believe that his Lord could be so cruel... but Kreacher didn't lie. He couldn't lie. Regulus knew it more than well. It was when the scales fell from his eyes. It made him sick. It made him ashamed. He was disgusted with himself. He followed a murderer (now he understood perfectly what Bellatrix meant when she told him that the Dark Lord will remove muggle-borns from their world. Now he could understand what kind of message the articles about the wizard, which he had pinned to a wall in his bedroom, brought). He supported the murderer. His left forearm was branded with the murderer's mark. And what was even more scary was the fact that he did it willingly. Nobody had forced him to join Lord Voldemort. He was so disgusted. His brother was right all the way... He was just a pathetic coward and a fucking idiot. His wife wasn't home when Kreacher came back and Regulus was grateful for that. She went to France to visit her brother because his little daughter, Fleur, had turned two. He was supposed to go with her, obviously, but because of the meeting, he couldn't. He knew that Charlotte was disappointed (and now he didn't blame her for this), but back then the meeting was more important. So she went alone, informing them that he was sick. He felt dirty, but water didn't take his dirt away. When he realised what he got himself into, he couldn't look at himself. He smacked the mirror in the bathroom because it reminded him of what kind of scum he was. He even wanted to get rid of the Dark Mark from his forearm, but because he couldn't, he tried to cut off his arm. If it wasn't for a very weak house-elf, he would have lost the left arm. The next step was drinking. He wanted to forget and he was convinced that only alcohol could help him. He had hoped that it will take his pain away. That was how his wife found him. "Regulus?" a soft, female voice reverberated around the room. The future head of the Black family sat in a leather armchair, next to the fireplace in the living room, drinking Firewhisky, and was absently watching as the fire was destroying the pieces of parchment he threw in some time ago. The articles about Lord Voldemort which he removed from his old bedroom. The boy was so lost in thought that he didn't even realise that a young woman, a teenager girl actually, entered the room. The girl, dressed in a long white dress, was the owner (according to the young Black heir) of the most beautiful blue eyes in the world and had waist length blonde hair. When she spotted the boy, she walked towards him. "Regulus?" Feeling a warm hand on his shoulder, the wizard jumped in his armchair. "Charlotte!" he exclaimed when he finally saw his wife. He was quite surprised by her unexpected appearance. "I thought that you won't be back until tomorrow." "I know you did. However, Fleur got sick and I decided that it would be better if I returned," the girl answered and took the glass from his hand and put it on the nearby table. Then she sat on the free chair next to his. "You shouldn't drink so late, Reggie." "I know," he replied meekly. "Then why were you?" There was no shadow of reproach in her voice. Quite the opposite, actually. Her voice was full of love and compassion. It was too much for the young Black heir. He would like her to yell at him, to curse him – to hate him. After all it was all he deserved. Nothing more. And especially he didn't deserve love. He lowered his head, ashamed. There was a moment of silence. Charlotte was aware that her husband needed it. And she was right. Regulus clenched his fists, feeling as his lips began trembling, and tears came to his eyes. "To forget," came a quiet answer. Charlotte said nothing. She didn't have to because she saw the way in which he grabbed his left forearm. Disgust. She understood what he meant even if he didn't say anything. His actions spoke louder than words. The girl got up from her chair and knelt in front of him, taking his face in her delicate hands. Then she smoothly wiped his tears away and kissed his forehead. "I love you, Regulus Black," she said. The boy could feel love flowing from her voice. "I love you, even if you think that you don't deserve it. But you know what? You're wrong. You do deserve to be loved." "But I am a monster," he whispered and tears once again started running down his cheeks. "A monster. How can someone love a monster?" The French witch just raised her lips in a small smile. "I know who I married, Reggie," the teenager started. "I married a boy who made some mistakes in his life. A boy who lost his way. But you know what? This boy, my husband, is everything but a monster." Charlotte gently grabbed his left arm and rolled up his sleeve. A black Dark Mark decorated the pale skin of the boy. Regulus turned his head, disgusted. He couldn't look at the mark he adored not so long ago anymore. "This," the young witch continued, pressing a tender kiss on the Dark Mark. "This doesn't make you a monster. I believe that as long as your heart is pure, no mark will make you a monster. You can be marked by a beast's mark, that's right, but it doesn't make you one. I won't ask what made that you changed your mind about him , but whatever happened, I'm grateful for that." Regulus bit his bottom lip, not being able to stop crying. "I can't leave now," he cried out. He was aware that he sounded like a terrified child. And he definitely felt like one at this moment. "He will kill me. He'll kill you, too. My family will hate me. My brother already hates me, and he has any rights to do so. I'm such a coward, Charlotte, I'm so afraid!" "I can imagine," his wife nodded and hugged him tightly. He buried his face in her long hair. "I know that you are. I'm scared, too. But we'll find a way to make it work. You still have six months before finishing Hogwarts. You'll be save until then. And I'll be there for you. I may be a Black now, but I was born Delacour. And we, the Delacours, always support each other. You're one of us now, Regulus. We won't let him hurt you." Regulus said nothing. He had no words to describe how he felt right now. He was overwhelmed with emotions. The witch broke their hug some time later and leaned towards the boy and a moment later, their lips met in a kiss. "I believe that we should go to bed," she said after a while. "I want to feel my husband's presence before the Christmas break is over and you'll have to go back to school. And tomorrow we'll start discussing everything." Regulus lay in bed, attentively looking at his wife who slept next to him. She was breathing evenly and her chest was rising and falling at steady pace. Charlotte was sleeping on her back because she was in advanced pregnancy. It turned out that he impregnated her during their shared night in early January, and their first-born was expected to be born soon. Their family was thrilled when they announced that Charlotte was with a child. A new member of the Black family was always welcomed. There were never not enough Blacks. Their noble blood must flow for generations. The Delacours were also excited when they heard about it. Especially little Fleur, when she was informed that her aunt was expecting her first child. She couldn't wait until the baby was born. The little girl already wanted to play with her new cousin. Nevertheless, soon-to-be father had mixed feelings about this whole situation. Was he happy to be a father? Yes. He was more than happy to be one. When his wife visited him in school to inform him that she's pregnant, he couldn't stop crying from happiness. Family was always important to him and the fact that there was going to be a new member, his own fresh and blood, made him happy. However, as soon as Charlotte returned home, he suddenly became sad, as he started to collect his thoughts. He was going to be a father. A father . His child would know from the very beginning that its father was nothing more but a pathetic idiot who followed a murderer. He was also aware that the child would be counted as a future Death Eater. And that was something he could not agree on. No. No child, especially not his own, should pay for his mistakes. Not as long as he had something to say. Regulus delved himself into researches. He was spending every single free minute in the school library or in his dormitory where he was reading books delivered by Kreacher (he ordered him to