Speak Now (A Letter From The Heart) Author's note: this takes place during breaking dawn right before the wedding. I never really liked the way breaking dawn went. It seemed like Stephanie Meyer was trying to make it seem like Jacob didn't love her as much as Edward which was not true. Summary: Ten minutes before her wedding Bella is getting ready to marry Edward and having doubts. Will a letter from Jacob give her the push she needs to change her mind? "There," Alice said with satisfaction. "A little color - that's all you needed. You are officially perfect." With a little self-congratulatory smile, she turned to my parents. "Renée, you need to get downstairs." Alice told her. Renée nodded. "Yes, ma'am," Renée blew me a kiss and hurried out the door. Alice turned to Charlie. "Charlie, would you grab the flowers, please?" Alice asked. Charlie shifted nervously. "Actually Alice would you give me and Bella a few minutes alone?" he asked. Alice gave him a blank, her eyes glazing as she tried to see the future. I guess she didn't like what she saw she frowned and looked confused. Charlie sighed. "Please, Alice?" he begged. Alice nodded and left. Once Alice was out of the room Charlie turned to me and pulled a letter out of his suit pocket. "What's this?" I asked as he handed it to me. Charlie smiled sadly. "It's a letter from Jacob" he stated. I gasped as my heart started beating faster. Hope filled my chest along with butterflies. "Is he here?" I asked standing up. Charlie shook his head. "He stopped by the house and asked me to give this to you before the wedding." Charlie said. I looked at the letter then back at Charlie. "What does it say?" I asked afraid to read it. Charlie shook his head. "I don't know, Bella. But I do know this," Charlie placed his hands on my shoulders and looked me in the eye. "Jacob would never do anything to hurt you Bella." He said then turned around and left the room. I sat back down as I stared at the letter with my hands shaking. I was nervous but I shouldn't be. I had already made my choice and nothing Jacob could say would change that. I ignored the voice in my head that sounded suspiciously like Jacob calling me reminding me of my nightmare from the night before. I opened the letter slowly and as my eyes scanned the note tears began to fall. " Dear Bella, Today feels like the hardest day of my life. You'd think I'd be used to telling you goodbye by now but I'm not. I know I shouldn't be writing you on your wedding day but I wasn't brave enough to say this in person. I woke up a few days ago in Northern Canada, I think, and found my heart yearning to see you one last time. I raced back here and stood outside your window listening to your heart beat and at that moment everything was right in my world. Then I heard you and Edward discussing your wedding plans and everything fell apart and crashed to the ground. So now that I am writing you this letter, even though we both know that I no longer have the right, I realized it as I listened to the two of you talk while I wallowed outside in the shadows with only my tears and my broken heart for company. I love you, Bella. No, that's not right. I'm in love with you. My Bella, my best friend, who came to me all those months ago broken, then walked out of my life happy and engaged to another man. So this is a goodbye letter. Loving you has been the best experience in my life and the worst experience. The best was when I kissed you and you kissed me back. That was the moment you realized you loved me too and that is something that I will cherish for the rest of my life. The worst was when you told Edward you loved him more mere moments after our kiss. And I knew the second the words rolled off your tongue and I heard them through Seth's mind that I had lost you. I knew that you were going to leave with him, marry him, and I would have to let you go, and something broke inside of me. Because I knew that we were perfect for each other. We were 'As easy as breathing' and I hate him for doing this to us. I hate him for coming back and stealing you away. I hate him for proposing to you. And the reason I hate him most is because he is going to kill you. He is going to drain you of your life, your blood, and everything that makes you human. His excuse is that he loves you too much to ever leave you again and that's complete BULLSHIT! Because he knows how much I love you. He knows how much you mean to me. How much your life means to me. Bella, you mean the world to me. No, you mean everything to me. I would've spent the rest of my life with you, loving you, making you happy. He knows this; he has to have seen it in my mind. And even if he can't read your mind he has to know that we could have been- No, we 'Should Have' been. But now you've gone and made you're choice, him, I know the truth and I can't be mad at you anymore. It's too late to say this. It has been months since I last saw you. I should've moved on. I should have let you go and got on with my life but I can't forget you Bella. I can't forget all that we've been through. I can't forget all the love I gave you or all the pain and loneliness I got in return. I gave you best of me, Bella. I gave you my, love, my heart, my live but you just threw it all away. I just want you to know that I am still in love with you. I am so in love with you that it hurts. The thought of letting you go, letting you die for him, breaks me into a million pieces inside. It kills me, that I couldn't save you, that I couldn't change your mind, and I know it will haunt me for the rest of my life. You are my soul mate, Bella, I have never been surer of anything in my life. That's what makes this hurt so much more. I want to march up to you and shake you until you come to your senses. I want to fight for you but I know what would happen. Edward loves you and you've been in love with him since the moment you laid eyes on him. I know that if I fight, if I object, you're going to look at me and I will no longer be your friend. I'm going to be the enemy standing in the way of the frozen eternity you always dreamed of, and I don't want to be your enemy. One day, your heart will stop beating and I'll never get over that. But it is going to happen. No matter what I say or what I do you're going to choose him, choose death over me. But that's to be expected right. You and Edward are destiny, right? You have a bond that I can't compete with. A bond that is so strong that it could not exist in a rational world. The world where there were no such thing as monsters and you ended up with me. That's what you said, right? At first I didn't understand, I couldn't understand. And truthfully, I didn't want to. But now I see why he came back. It was hard for me to sit in my little red garage and not fall in love with you. It was hard for me to even think about you and not fall in love. And I'd like to believe that the only reason I lost was because you and Edward were meant to be together. Because if not, then what I'm about to do, what I'm about to give up, will have been for nothing. I know that you're gone. And it hurts. It hurts so much that I know soon all my love for you is slowly going to be replaced by numbness. And for those must that I was away all I could feel was hatred. Hatred caused by my broken heart which still pumps freely with love for you. That now pumps pain that fills like fragments of broken glass through my body. Hatred for the cold, life-less, soul-less MONSTER you chose to become and for the monster inside me that wants nothing more than to rip you apart and will forever keep us apart. But do you know who I really hated? Not you, not your fiancé. The person who I really hated was me. I hate myself right now Bella. Because I wasn't enough for you. Because I have never been enough for you. And because no matter how many times you hurt me, I can't stop loving you. I wasn't going to contact you but I need closure Bella. I need to know why you couldn't love me back. I have given everything I have and you just left me. What does he have that I don't? Was I not good enough for you? Was I just not the right monster for you? I replay all of our moments together trying to find what I did wrong. I can't move on Bella. What did I do wrong? I hope he can make you happy, Bella. I hope that with all my heart. That's what I want more than anything. I want you to be happy Bella. And Bella, promise me that you'll at least think about waiting to be changed. Wait a few years, go to college, travel, enjoy the sunshine, and just don't rush into this. Please? So that sums it all up. Even though I want everything with you, and I believe we would've had everything, I'm willing to let you go so that you can be happy. Even though I still believe there's a part of your heart that will always belong to me. But maybe that's a lie. Maybe that part is Edward's – maybe all of it is Edward's. Your heart, your mind, your future, everything, is his. But the hardest part is not letting you go or how much it hurts. The hardest part is that I can't help but believe that one day you will come back to me. Part of me hopes you won't go through with this wedding. Part of me hopes you will fight for me, for us, just as hard as I fought for you. Part of me hopes you will not go running straight into death but instead run to the light, your personal sun, to me. I hope you prove me right, but my hope has been crushed so many times already. It's like I can't breathe anymore. But it's all for your happiness. I just have to convince myself that someday this will all be okay, that this will all make sense. How I could love you, and you could love me, and it still not be enough. By the time Charlie gives you this letter I'll be gone. I can't tell you where and don't try asking Seth, If you still care anymore. I won't be phasing anytime soon. But I want you know that I'm going to try. I'm going to try to start moving forward. Goodbye, Bella, I will always love you. Love, Jacob" Tears welled in my eyes as I finished I