SAVE ME! Summary: "You need to let her go, Jake," Sam said. "That girl will be the death of you," Billy said. Jacob chuckled darkly and took a long drag of his cigarette before crushing it under his foot. "Don't you guys get it," he said, eyes growing colder. "I'm already dead," he said, emotionlessly. A Darker Take on New Moon " The Young Man came to the Old Man seeking counsel. I broke something, Old Man. How badly is it broken? It's in a million little pieces. I'm afraid I can't help you. Why? There's nothing you can do. Why? It can't be fixed. Why? It's broken beyond repair. It's in a million little pieces." ― James Frey, A Million Little Pieces "You just don't belong to my world, Bella." Edward said, coldly. "I belong with you." Bella said. "No, you don't." he said, firmly. "I'm coming!" She shouted. "I said NO!" Edward shouted, losing his cool. "But why?" Bella asked, flinching at the loudness of his voice. "Bella, I don't want you to come." Edward said, cruelly. "You… don't… want me?" Bella asked, her eyes filling up with tears. "No… I don't" he said. "You're just not good enough for me." He said. Bella Swan took a step back. "I'm not good enough for you?" she repeated, tears rolling down her cheeks. "I'm just sorry; I let this go on for so long." He said. "Please...don't leave me." Bella begged. "I'm tired of pretending Bella. I don't love you and to be honest I'm not sure if I ever really did," he said. Bella said nothing. Her eyes were growing dull. "I promise that this will be the last time you'll ever see me. I won't come back. And you can go on with your life without any interference from me. It will be like I never existed." He said, quietly. "Goodbye." He said, walking away without glancing back. Bella continued to stand there, unmoving. When Charlie came home he found her standing there staring into the forest. {Four months later} Jacob sat in the hospital staring at the lifeless girl on the hospital bed in front of him. She was staring, unmoving, almost unblinking at her hands; her eyes a dull brown, the whites of them red and glassy. She was pale, her skin was paper thin and paler than snow, her lips dry and cracked, and her hair limp and dull. "Bella?" he called. The girl showed no signs of having heard him. Not the barest hint of light in those eyes. She was so thin, he noticed. She was wasting away… He looked at her uneaten lunch still sitting on the tray next to her bed. He picked it up and dipped a spoon in the soup. Holding it against her lips, he waited. After a few minutes he knew it was useless. Charlie had been trying for months, unable to bring his daughter back. Jacob came every day after school. He'd talk to her and hold her hand. He read the books that Charlie found in her room but those didn't do the trick so he started bring his own. He would try to feed her. He'd stay until visiting hours were over or until the nurse came to tell him to leave. Then he goes home and come back the next day and the next day. It's a good thing Sue worked at the hospital. It would suck to have to be a hitch hiker. "Eat Bella," he ordered. She just sat there. "I can't believe he did this to you," Jacob said. "Stupid Edward Cullen," he growled and saw a flicker of pain in Bella's eyes. He could see the dark sorrow that flashed before it disappeared leaving her eyes hollow again. Jacob put the tray down and climbed into bed next to her. He pulled her into his arms and held her. "You need to snap out of this, Bells," he begged. He stayed like that for the next few hours telling her how everyone missed her and how Charlie had started drinking again. "I've never seen him like this. Not since Renee got remarried and he's drinking more now than he did then." He said. He cried as he told her how the doctors were planning to send her to a mental facility out of state. "I don't want you to go, Bella." He said. "But if it'll make you better…" he trailed off. The nurse came…Patty. He was learning the names of all the nurses now. "I'm sorry, Jake but visiting hours are over," she said, leaving. Jacob nodded. "I've got to go now… Bye, Bella," he said, pressing a kiss to her cheek and left. After he was gone a single tear fell down Bella's cheek. "J-J-Jacob," she said her voice hoarse from unused. Jacob brought food. The hospital's food sucked. Maybe that's why Bella wasn't eating… He brought grilled cheese and tomato soup. He'd made it at home and stopped at a bakery to buy cheesecake. He'd also stopped and brought sun flowers. He always brought flowers. Bella's room was looking like a garden lately. He found her in the same position as when he'd left. He noticed the bags under her eyes, darker than the day before…. "Hi, Bells," he said, cheerfully. He sat the flowers on the dresser next to the others. "I brought you something good," he said, setting the bag on the table and unpacking it. He pulled out a grilled cheese and dipped it in the soup. "Eat up, Bella," he said, holding it to her lips. A few minutes passed and he was about to call it a day. "I guess I'll leave early, today," he mused aloud. His dad had been getting on his case about cleaning his room and stuff. He missed the shot of panic that went through Bella's eyes. She took a bite of the sandwich. Jacob's eyes widened in shock. "Bells?" he called. She took the sandwich from him and started eating on her own. She ate until the sandwich was completely gone then held out her hand for the next one. She ate the soup next then the cheesecake. Once it was all gone he looked in her eyes. She was staring at him. "D-don't l-leave," she croaked. Jacob smiled. "Hey, Bella, you want some water?" he asked, pretending that this was a normal day. That day he stayed the night, holding her in his arms while she clung to him, desperately. The nurses called Charlie and told him the good news. A month later, Bella was released from the hospital. She held Jacob's hand the whole time. When Jacob left to go home for dinner, Charlie saw the light in Bella's eyes fade… She was sitting in her room wrapped in three blankets, in a chair in front of her window. "Bella?" Charlie said, hesitantly, placing his hand on her shoulder. She looked at him with dull, lifeless brown eyes. "I'm cold," she said, emotionlessly. "Where is my sun?" she asked. Charlie's eyes widened. He turned up the heat but nothing seemed to warm her. She wouldn't eat, she wouldn't sleep. She just sat in front of her window…watching…waiting. "What are you doing?" Charlie asked, after another failed attempt at getting her to eat. "I'm waiting for the sun," she said, coldly. When Jacob came over with Billy, she followed him around the house, holding his hand, eating the food when he offered it. "Do you want some more spaghetti, Bells?" Jacob asked. Charlie was shocked when she smiled. "Yes, please," she said, holding out her plate. She ate slowly watching Jacob the whole time. "After dinner do you want to watch a movie?" Jacob asked. Bella never watched TV, Charlie noticed. She never listened to music or read her books. "Ok, anything to keep my sun with me," she said, her eyes glazed. That was the first time that Charlie worried that his daughter was sick in the head. It wasn't the last time, either….. The doctors prescribed anti-depressants. She refused to take them. "I don't need pills," she said, throwing them at Charlie. "I need my sun," she said, taking her set in front of the window to watch for his arrival. Charlie picked up the pills and put them back in the cabinet. He called the doctor in the morning. Jacob was the only person who could get her to eat. Jacob was the only person who could get her to sleep. He would hold her until her eyes closed and she dozed off. But when he left, almost as if sensing his absence, her eyes would pop open and she would start screaming. And not just normal screaming… It was bloodcurdling, dying from torture, screams. "What is Jacob to you?" the physiatrist asked. She looked at the doctor with dead eyes. "He's the sun," she said. The doctor prescribed more pills. When Charlie got home he found bottle after bottle of anti-anxiety mood elevators, and antidepressant pills, all of them emptied, little white pills filling the trash. "I don't need them," she said, dumping another bottle out… She wouldn't go back to school… She went once and had a fit of hysteria during lunch. "He left me! He left me! He left me!" she cried, rocking back and forth in the corner of the lunch room, scaring all the students. Charlie tried to get her to move… "DON'T TOUCH ME!" she yelled, kicking and screaming. "Where's Jacob? I need him!" she yelled. Jacob had to be pulled out of school early to help calm her down… "I don't need pills," she said, firmly. Jacob held out the pills with a determined expression. "Yes, you do," he said. She slapped the pills out of his hand. "No," she said. He went to the bathroom and got some more. "Take them," he said. She shook her head. "I don't need them. I have you," she said. He sighed. "But I'm not always going to be here," he said. "I have school and I have to take care of my dad and…," he trailed off seeing her face. She was frowning, her eyes filling with tears. "Are those things more important than me?" she asked. He put the pills in the bottle in his pocket, to put away later, and pulled her into a hug. "Of course not," he said. He held her until Harry came to take him home. It wasn't until he got home that he realized that he forgot to put her pills back in the cabinet. He shrugged. She had more in her bathroom, he'd return these later. He put the extra bottle in his dresser. When Charlie came home he found her dumping all her pills in the toilet. "What time does Jake go to school?" she asked. Charlie raised an eyebrow. "7: 30, why?" he asked. She looked at him with a blank expression. "No reason," she said, heading to her room and closing the door. She had developed a habit, Jacob noticed She called him while he was in school begging him to come see her. When he was over her house she wouldn't let him do his homework going as far as to pour her drink on it and throw it in the trash. Jacob came into the living room after going to the bathroom. "Where's my homework?" he asked. She shrugged. "The dog ate it," she said. "You don't have a dog," he said. She shrugged again. "Well I'm hungry so I'm going to make dinner," she said, standing up. "Will you stay afterwards?" she asked. "I'm really tired and I want you to hold me," she said. Jacob sighed. "Sure, sure," he said. She called him before school. "I'm going to die!" she said. "I'm so cold I'm going to freeze to death!" Jacob's grade dropped dramatically. That's when Billy stepped in… "That girl means you no good!" he said. "She needs me!"