Honest Feelings and Lost Love Summary: Who knew love could hurt this much? I didn't know and nobody ever told me. He was supposed to be mine, so why does it feel like I never had him in the first place? "Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself." ― Deborah Reber, Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul I have been in love with Jacob Black for as long as I can remember. I can count all the reasons I love him on all ten of my fingers and toes. His sunny smile, his honesty, his playfulness, and the way his eyes sparkle. I love everything about him. He's like a prince out of one of my fairytales he reads me late at night. I giggle softly making him stare at me. He's perfect for me as I am for him. I'm his imprint. So it's destiny that we'll be together. One day we will fall MADLY in love with each other. Just like a fairytale. The only problem is I'm not the one he wants and even though he imprinted on me, I'm not the one he loves. Imprinting is a powerful thing but it's not enough to make him mine. I'll have to make him love me on my own. / I watch him sometimes when he thinks no one's looking: The way his eyes follow her everywhere. The way he smiles whenever she's around. The way he glares when he sees her with my dad. It's those moments when I feel like I'm fighting a losing battle. But I won't give up! I have magic on my side. We're destined for each other, I just know it! / We're all sitting in the living room listening to my dad play the song he wrote for my mom, for the hundredth time. Geez, doesn't he know any other songs. Rosalie and Emmett are staring lovingly at each other on the couch. Alice and jasper are holding hands leaning against the wall. My mom and dad are sitting close together on the piano booth. Jacob and I are sitting on the other couch with a reasonable amount of distance between us, like polite strangers. I scoot closer. I'm so close yet he still feels so far away. I reach and grab Jacob's hand. He gives me a confused look but then grins and squeezes my hand. This is what I want. I want him to look at me the way my dad looks at my mom, the way Emmett looks at Rosalie, the way Jasper looks at Alice. I want him to look at me with undying love and sweet affection. Like prince and princess. The moment is ruined when my mom gets up from the piano. "Hey, Jake, I need your help with something" she says. Jacob lets go of my hand instantly and stands up. "Sure thing, Bells" he says smiling that special smile reserved for her. I ignore the sting of rejection that fills me and go take my mom's seat next to my dad at the piano bench. "Can I play something?" I ask. My dad nods and I hear my mother laughing from somewhere in the other room with Jacob, My Jacob And if anyone notices the sadness in the song I play no one comments. (A/ Note: if you want to know what song she plays look up Kikyo theme song .) / Even though my mom hates it I love it when Jacob calls me "Nessie," I tell him so one night when we're sitting out on the porch watching the stars. He laughs "Glad someone appreciates my creative genius." He says. I smile. This is the perfect moment. I should tell him how I feel now. I open my mouth. "Time for bed, Renesmee," mom says from the doorway. I pout but Jacob pats my head. "Listen to your mother," he whispers. He turns to my mother and smiles his most bright, sunny, smile at my mom. "Hey, Bells, we were finished anyway." He says making his way toward her. I frowned once they were gone. 'Nessie' didn't have the same love to it as 'Bells' / I sat in the park on one of the swings, staring at the normal human children playing with their parents. Physically, I looked 14, when truth I was actually 7. Jacob came over to me, dropping his bag on the ground. He was in college part-time, a few blocks from the park. "Hey, Nessie," he said, looking around. Probably for my mom, I thought bitterly. "What are you doing here?" he asks. I smile. "Hey, Jake," I exclaimed. "I wanted to see you," I say. He raises an eyebrow. "Why?" he asks "Will you push me?" I ask, distracting him from his question. Jacob nodded and made his way behind me. He gently pushes me forward and I giggle. People stare and I know we must look strange. A girl who looks 14 getting pushed on the swing by a man who looks 25. We do this for a while, in silence, only broken by my occasional giggles. "We should get you home before your mom starts to worry." He says. Of course, He's always thinking about her . "Do you still love her?" I blurt out. Jacob pauses. "What?" he asks, pulling the swing to a stop. I shake my head. "Nothing," I said hopping off the seat. "Let's go get ice-cream!" I say cheerfully, changing the subject. I run off toward the ice-cream vendor, leaving a confused Jacob behind me. I'm his imprint, he won't leave me anyway. / I wake up from a nightmare one night and get out of bed. I hear the sound of the TV from my room. I sneak out of my room. I see Jacob and my mom watching TV on the couch. "I love monster garage," she says, leaning her head on Jacob's shoulder. He nods. "I missed this." He says, wrapping his arm around her, pulling her closer to him. I turned around and quickly made my way back to my room. I ignore the tears in my eyes that are staining my pillows. I'm his imprint. He won't leave me. But he won't love me either. / Alice and Rosalie take me shopping the next day. "You seem a little down. Is something wrong?" Alice asks. I give her a smile. "I'm fine. I had a nightmare last night and it kept me up." I half-lie. Alice looks like she wants to say something but nods instead. When Alice goes off to buy shoes I turn to my favorite aunt. "Auntie Rose?" I call. She turns around. "Yes," she says. "Do you think Jacob still loves mom?" I ask. Rosalie shifts uncomfortably. "I don't think imprinting works like that." She says slowly. I frown. "But you should ask him," she suggests. I didn't get a chance to respond because Alice chose that moment to come back. "I'm ready to go home." I announced, heading toward the car. I wasn't ready to talk to Jacob about this yet. Because if he said it aloud I would lose everything. / Mom and Jacob are getting closer. They are almost always together. They're almost always laughing at some private joke or having secret conversations. It's like they're best friends or something and I feel left out. I couldn't be around my mom anymore. Seeing her just made me upset. Jacob notices I've been avoiding my mom and tries to talk to me. He places his hand on my shoulder and gives me a very concerned look when I flinched away from his touch. "What's wrong, Nessie?" he asks. I fake a smile, an art I had perfected. "What isn't wrong?" I ask. He frowned. "Nessie-" he starts but I change the subject. "Let's go hunting!" I shout, running out of the house. He follows confused by my sudden desire to hunt. I prefer my food cooked but right now I just want to kill something . / "Jake, I love you," I tell him on my 18th birthday. Physically, I've been 18 for a long time but Jacob still treated me like a kid. He grins. "I love you too." He says, patting my head like I'm still a child. "No, I really love you." I say. He looks pained. "Nessie-" he says. I close my eyes hoping he won't reject me. I lean towards him praying that he will kiss me and prove that he loves me. Jacob backs away from me and turns to face the other way. "Why, Jake?" I ask, hurt. His shoulders tremble and tears fill my eyes. "Don't you feel…?" I step back as realization struck. "You don't…This was wrong" I whisper. I turn to leave but Jacob catches my arm. "Nessie wait!" he says. I sob loudly. I look into those beautiful brown eyes and see concern, affection but there's no love. The tears I was fighting fall and I snatch my arm back. I run home crying my heart out and Jacob doesn't follow. If mom had said it I bet he would have. / Three days later Jake moves out. I watch as he hugs my mom and promises to visit before making his way to me. "Nessie," he says looking at the floor. "Can we talk?" he asks. I nod and we make our way outside. Once we were far enough away that no one could hear he turned to me. "Nessie, I'm sorry. I-" he struggled to find the right words. I wrapped my arms around him and sobbed into his chest. "Don't go…I'm sorry….I love you…Don't leave me," I beg. Jacob closes his eyes. "I'm sorry," he says. I pull away from him. "It's because of her isn't it?" I accuse. He flinches. "Nessie," he says but I don't let him get far. "I'm not asking you to love me. Please, just let me love you. Stay." I say. He looks like he's about to say something that I'm not ready to hear. "Never mind," I say quickly, moving away from him. "I'll still see you around?" I ask. He nods and looks away. "Sure," he says. Its three weeks before I work up the courage to visit his apartment and it sucks that the day I decide to visit I find my mom already there making herself at home. She always has to be first. / I was surprised when Jake asked me on a date. I took it as a sign that he did love me. "Where do you want to go?" he asked. I smiled, holding his hand. "Anywhere as long as I'm with you." I say with a dreamy sigh. "Whatever you say." He replies with a forced smile. I should've known something was wrong right then and there. Because I've never seen Jacob forcing a smile in my life. / The date went perfectly. He took me too a fancy restaurant and then to a play. I noticed every once in a while he would step out to talk on the phone but I didn't know who he was talking to. He took me home and when I leaned in for a goodbye kiss he kissed my forehead instead. I pouted but was too happy that we were dating to complain. I wouldn't want to chase him off. / I was up because I couldn't sleep. I heard whispering in the living room and went to check it out. Jacob was sitting in the living room with my dad. "The date went well." Jacob said. Dad smiled. "Well, I do know my daughter." He said. Jacob frowned. "But I don't know if I can keep this up." He said. Dad glared. "You have no choice. Renesmee is your imprint. You are supposed to make her happy." He growled. Jacob sighed. "I know