I do not own anything of Percy Jackson and the series, Rick Riordan does, bless him. I follow the books and the plot and I do reuse some dialogue, but I alter them and fit it into my story. Again, copyright is all Rick Riordan's, I repeat, I do not own anything . "Hey, wake up." I ignored the voice coming from below. "I'm going to take away your blanket if you don't get up," the voice threatened. I tightened my hands around my precious blanket. Maybe the voice will go away if I ignore it. "I'm taking it in three, two, one-" "I'm up, I'm up," I grumbled and slapped away the hand that hovered towards the edge of the covers on my bunk bed. I rubbed my eyes and sat up to gather my hair for a ponytail. I grimaced when I felt my fingers caught on the ends of my black hair streaked with strands of lighter browns. I'm going to need to take a shower today. I snapped on the hair tie and yawned. "Jade, over here." Fingers snapped to my side to grab my attention. I turned to lean over the edge of my bed and squinted down at the two figures standing below my top bunk. They were both guys. The taller of two had short sandy blonde hair on a nice face and an athletic body. I couldn't see the permanent white scar that vertically lined the right side of his face from the angle I was looking at though. "Luke," I acknowledged and redirected my gaze to the boy next to him. Dark, almost black hair with the slightly dim lighting inside the cabin, but I could see his bright green eyes. Green like the sea. The skinny, but of average stature boy was holding onto a large horn that looked like he had snapped it off a bull's head. I avoided eye contact with the boy and locked my eyes onto it. "Is that the Minotaur's horn?" The boy shuffled his feet and looked surprised. "Y-yeah." I yawned again, "Cool. Why am I awake now?" Luke quickly looked away while the dark haired boy copied my action and then looked confused with himself for doing so. People tended to do that around me when I yawned, which gave me some pointers on who my godly parent was if the dreams weren't enough of a hint. Luke knew about the effect I had on people and also knew when to look away so that he wouldn't yawn. Inwardly, I grimaced. I could have completed a full cycle of sleep if Luke hadn't woken me up. Now I was probably going to get cranky and snarky any moment since the disrupted cycle will mess with my brain. I slid a questioning gaze of get on with it to Luke. Luke started the introductions. "Percy, this is Jade. She's one year older than you and has been here almost as long as Annabeth and me. Ask her for help any time. Jade, this is Percy. He just arrived to camp last night and this is his first time, so watch out for him, got it?" I grunted an assent. "Sounds are not words, Jade," Luke sighed. "Tell that to the cavemen," I mumbled. Ah, there's my snarky side. "Can't, I've got a quick meeting with the other counselors for the upcoming capture the flag game this week. Take Percy outside to meet Annabeth at the volleyball court. She'll be doing the explanations this time." I bobbed my head, relieved to be off duty for doing explanations to the new camper. Chiron normally had the most experienced counselors and year rounding campers to break down some of the news to the newbies. He liked having me do it most of the time, since I 'phrased my words better', whatever that means. I wished that Chiron would finish that orientation film he had been working on sooner. I yawned again and for the second time already, Percy copied me. "How are you doing that?" He asked. Pulling my blanket off, I didn't bother answering him and searched for a hoodie with my name on the tag. Most of the kids in cabin eleven don't dare to steal from me in the first place, but there's always a camper who doesn't know about me and tries. I found and tugged on a solid dark grey jacket, which reflected the state of my sloth-like mood and rolled down from my top bunk. Percy-boy jumped back when I landed on my feet while Luke clasped a hand on my shoulder. I smirked. I was a little taller than the Percy-boy. "Take care of him, alright?" I made an 'okay' sign with my hands and started walking out the cabin door while trying not to flatten the many demigods and their belongings on the ground. I had to bat my dark brown eyes several times when the sunlight hit me in the face. I was no vampire since I liked sleeping in the sunlight, but summertime was at its peak and Camp Half-Blood's weather reflected that well. I heard someone stumble at the door behind me and snickers erupted from inside the cabin. Great, now everyone will think he's a scrub. Before I could forget, I flicked my hood over my head and called over my shoulder, "Come on, Annabeth doesn't like tardiness." The boy quickly caught up next to me and muttered, "Yeah, well she doesn't seem to like me either." "You met Annabeth already?" "She told me that I drool when I sleep." I shrugged and headed for the volleyball court where a stressed out blonde and tan girl was waiting impatiently. The boy's arrival must have made her tense and thinking like a sandstorm of the upcoming prophecy. I don't think I'm supposed to know about it since almost no one in camp does, but because of my dreams and my " situation" , I don't fall in the 'normal' category. "Annabeth doesn't seem to like anyone at first," I said loosely. "She likes to analyze everything, including people, before getting close." We were within earshot of Annabeth, but Percy-boy didn't notice her. "So I'm like a catalog to her?" I shrugged again, and flicked my head towards Annabeth. "Annabeth, Luke said you're supposed to give 'the talk' this time," I toned while air-quoting "the talk". Percy-boy immediately looked nervous. "Whoa, wait, I already got the birds and bees talk in fifth grade," he stammered. Annabeth let out an exasperated sigh and gave me an are you kidding me look, but I just appraised him. "Hey, what's your last name?" I asked. "Jackson," he said uncomfortably. Jackson. Percy Jackson. Son of a bi-sea god. Son of a sea god. Literally. And it was like an atom bomb imploded in my brain. I continued to stare at him until I noticed that he was starting to squirm under my gaze. I blinked. "Well, nice to meet you Percy Jackson. I'll be at my bunk, on cabin eleven's dining table, or down near the lake if you ever need me. I'll also probably be asleep, so bring me something good to eat if you ever wake me up because I'm normally a little irritated when I have to wake up. Food helps." I turned to leave, but Annabeth grabbed the sleeve of my jacket. "Oh no you don't, you're staying here to help me with this idiot," she commanded. I grumbled, but didn't argue. Arguing with Annabeth never eases a situation and always gives me a headache. It's like she wins every time no matter what. I walked away from the volleyball pit because lying down on sand isn't comfortable and flopped onto the grassy ground beneath a tree. Annabeth and Percy Jackson followed me and both sat cross-legged next to me. There was a moment of silence because neither of them made a move to start the conversation. I cracked open my eyes and saw that they were both looking expectantly at me. I groaned, "Annabeth, Chiron assigned this one to you." "Is he the one?" Annabeth prompted. I shrugged. Annabeth knew that I also knew about the prophecy Chiron had told her. Surprisingly, she was okay with it and even asks me for advice since I have dreams that seem to connect to it. "You know, I'm right here," Percy huffed. I deflected Annabeth's question. "You tripped when you exited the cabin, didn't you?" I directed to him. Annabeth rolled her eyes. Percy started sputtering, but I ignored him and continued talking to Annabeth. "Cabin eleven think he's fresh meat now." "Percy, you have to do better than that," she snapped and then mumbled under her breath. "I can't believe I thought he was the one." The tension and lack of details of explaining what was happening to him finally seemed to get to Percy. "What's your problem?" He was getting angry now. "All I know is, I kill some bull guy-" And then I closed my eyes again and just listened. Everything was going to canon, with the exception of, well, me being alive and next to them. "-do you know how many kids at this camp wish they'd had your chance?" Annabeth sounded frustrated, probably because she wanted to be the one to defeat the Minotaur. She's right that other demigods would've jumped at the chance, but there aren't too many. A lot of campers just want a regular life outside of camp. The only ones who really thirsted to prove themselves to the gods were Annabeth and Luke. The rest weren't as desperate although many are eager and itching to complete some sort of quest outside of camp. They were only getting bored of being cooped up in Camp Half-Blood. Annabeth started explaining to Percy about demigods and monsters. Primal forces, archetypes, and how they reform even when they disappear. "You almost called her something. A Fury? They're Hades' torturers, right?" Percy questioned. He wanted answers badly and I pitied him a little. I cut in, "Yo, try not to toss those names around okay?" I could already feel the rumbling beneath the soil, coming for under there , and the Mist flickering around us. Annabeth glanced around nervously. Obviously she had felt it too and warned him. "You shouldn't call them by name, even here. We call them the Kindly Ones, if we have to speak of them at all." "Look is there anything we can say without it thundering?" Percy whined. I let out a short laugh. It was something that I thought about often too. "And why do I have to stay in cabin eleven, anyway? Why is everybody so crowded together and how do you get a bunk? There are plenty of empty bunks right over there." Percy asked me while pointing to the first few cabins. I held up three fingers, putting them down one by one as I made my points. "One, unless Luke already told you, you're not claimed, and all unclaimed campers go to cabin eleven. Two, yeah a lot of those kids in cabin eleven are unclaimed and that's why it's so crowded. Three, I got a bunk because I came to camp pretty early and snagged one when a camper left for college." Annabeth finished his unsaid question and she was a little pale. This part of the topic was pretty sensitive, after all. "You don't just choose a cabin, Percy. It depends on who your parents are. Or…your parent." She stared at Percy, waiting for him to get it, but Percy only stared back at her with incomprehension. I sighed and rolled over to my side. This was going to take a while. After Annabeth and Percy talked more with me supervising and interjecting here and there, Clarisse and her crew marched up to us. I could tell it was Clarisse by the way her feet pounded against the ground and how she