I rock gently from side to side in my seat a bit as Peeta pushes my wheelchair over the threshold of the door and into our bedroom. The new baby is nodding off in my arms, having been rocked almost to sleep by the short, smooth ride. And his sister is curled up on my lap, already dreaming. Peeta pushes us over to the crib and bends over to take our son from my arm, holding him out for me to give him a kiss on his soft blonde head, then places him in his crib. Our little girl shifts a bit on my lap, her small hand gripping loosely to the hem of my shirt. I grin, give her a kiss and hand her to Peeta. I smile as he fawns over her for a moment before kissing her and then laying her in her small bed beside the crib. We remain there, watching the two of them until they fall asleep a few short moments later. I feel Peeta rest his hand on my shoulder, and reach up to hold it. "I know I've already said it, but you did a good job with them." He says, a glad smirk in his voice. "Yeah, I'm a pretty good baker after all," I joke. He looks at me, an eyebrow raised and a curious smirk. "You know…'Buns in the oven'?" I explain. "Oh, right." He says, his smirk widening to an amused grin at my attempted humor. I sigh contentedly and look at them again, "Although I guess he was a little underdone," I began, a slight melancholy creeping its way into my voice as I looked down at our tiny son. Due to some complications, he was born three weeks premature. "Hey," Peeta says, his hand gently giving my shoulder a squeeze. "They are perfect. And you are perfect." He leans down and kisses me on the cheek. "I'm hardly perfect." I say, a grin coming back to my lips at his sweet comment. "Perfect enough for me." He smiles and kisses me again, this time a gentle peck on the lips. "You ready for bed too?" I nod in response, knowing that what he is really asking is if I'm ready for him to help me get ready for bed, without making me have to ask for his help. Getting myself ready for bed has become an excruciating task after getting out of the hospital. The injuries I've sustained from the accident make some of the most mundane tasks difficult and painful. Anything that requires me to lift my elbows above chin-level, or where I need to lean over or turn more than ninety degrees at the waist, or even just standing up…all of it sends spasms of pain through me. At first I'd tried to just work through the pain, but there were enough times that I yelped out in pain that I finally submitted to having Peeta help me. He rolls my chair backwards and pushes me over to the side of the bed. Carefully he places one arm around my back and slides the other under my knees, lifting me out of the chair and setting me down on the bed as gently as possible. He begins to help me shrug off my t-shirt as painlessly as he can, but my ribs ache and I grimace as I force my arms to raise above my head so the shirt can come off. Thankfully I am already wearing a camisole under the t-shirt, so I don't have to go through the effort of putting on a sleeping shirt. He brings me a glass of water and some pain pills. I take a few sips and swallow the pills down gratefully, eagerly awaiting the relief they will bring me. Setting the cup on the nightstand, I look over to where our children are sleeping and smile at them. They never cease to amaze me. Aiden is so small, but so strong already. And Rose is just two years old but she's so talkative and smart. I'm so proud of them and every time I see them, I overflow with happiness and I am able to forget everything else and just be happy to have them. Looking at them and taking care of them all day is what really gets me through the day. It lets me forget about myself and just think about them and keeping them happy and healthy. I let Peeta take care of me now. I'm exhausted from the long day and my body is worn out from the physically draining process that is healing. I'm practically falling asleep sitting on the edge of the bed. Peeta pulls the covers back for me and helps me lay down. I don't like feeling so dependent on Peeta to do such simple things for me; but at the same time, I do like it. He dotes on me like I'm a little child, and I've never had that before. It's nice. He likes doing it too. It gives him another way to show me that he care about me. He covers me with the sheets and asks me if I need anything. "No, I'm fine." I tell him. He leans down to kiss my forehead then walks into the bathroom. He comes back in plaid flannel pajama pants and a plain white undershirt. "You sure you don't need anything?" He asks. "No, really. I'm fine. I just need some sleep." "Okay then," he says, lowering himself gently onto the bed. "Good night Sweetheart." He props himself up on his elbow and kisses me, then lays back down on his pillows and closes his eyes. I notice that, as usual since I got hurt, he's careful to stay all the way over on his side of the bed. "Peeta…" I whisper quietly. Waiting until he looks at me again. His eyes catch mine, and I want to tell him that… My thought trails off and I sigh inwardly at myself. I love him so much, but I can't bring myself to vocalize that I want him to hold me. But he knows me better than I realize. "Katniss…I don't want to hurt you. I know your ribs are still sore…" "Please?" I ask him pleadingly, my voice catching in my throat. He sighs gently and moves closer to me, gently putting his arm around me. "I'm not hurting you like this?" he asks, concern creasing his brow. In all honesty, it does hurt a bit because of the angle I'm laying at over his arm. He's trying to be gentle, but the pressure on my ribs is threatening to make me cry out. I adjusted a little, scooting closer to him, resting my head on his shoulder and an arm on his chest. As soon as I get comfortable enough I sigh happily. It's so nice to be in his arms again. To be close to him, and feel his warmth surrounding me, in a protective but gentle embrace. Happiness is a funny thing. It has this way of banishing all the pain to the farthest depths of my consciousness. I can't feel the sensitive bruises or the aching pain, the only thing my senses can pick up on are my feelings for Peeta. I make myself comfortable and close my eyes, falling asleep to the sound of gentle breathing of the three people I love the most. We're back in the Victor's Village. The four of us, living happily together in a lush and thriving District 12. All our old friends are back. They come to visit us and play with the twins. Prim, my mother, Gale, Madge, Delly, Haymitch, Cinna, even Effie. One day Finnik and Annie even bring Finny over to play with Rose and Aiden. The three kids toddle around on the ground and play together. Everything is perfect. On the Rose's sixth birthday we have a huge party. She and her brother are having a great time playing with Finny. I laugh as they start chasing each other around the house playing hide and seek. Everyone is sitting around laughing, and just enjoying the company of our loved ones. Everything is perfect. But all perfect things come to an end. And I can feel a looming darkness creeping closer. Aiden is turning twelve today. Peeta's downstairs making a big pancake breakfast to celebrate. Toby's helping him, dumping chocolate chips into the bowl of batter. Flour speckled all over his face and apron, he looks just like Peeta except for his grey eyes and the slightly more olive skin he gets from me. Rose and I are upstairs sitting on the edge of her bed. My fingers move back and forth as I wind together three thick locks of her hair into a braid. After I finish tying it off, she turns around and gives me a hug. I brush her brunette bangs out of her face and kiss her forehead. She smiles and I watch as she bounds down the stairs to get some pancakes. Everything is perfect, but the looming unease in the pit of my stomach rises. Suddenly Peeta and I are standing in the middle of town. There is a huge crowd of people. I move closer to Peeta, taking his hand in mine and ask him where Rose and Aiden are. He shakes his head and scans the crowd. My heart rises into my throat, as I realize what day it is. My eyes shoot up to see a large stage that has been set up in front of the justice building and watch as a woman walks up to a microphone. She is completely covered in lime green and bright teal fabric and her hair is a shocking yellow color. She is clearly from the Capitol. She clears her throat and the crowd freezes. Everyone around me stops moving and speaking, their eyes locked on the strangely clad announcer. Peeta's hand disappears from mine and I turn around to find him, but he isn't there anymore. I start to panic, and then the woman speaks. When I look up at her, I am frozen in my place, unable to move or speak. "Welcome Welcome…" I know what is coming and the only thought in my mind is that I need to find them. "The time has come…" But I can't move. I'm fighting with everything I have. But I am frozen in place, stone solid. "to select one young man and woman…" "No," I think, panicking, "NO!" I keep fighting the strangling stillness that my body is forced to be trapped in. "This was supposed to end years ago…" "for the 90 th annual Hunger Games." I see a glint. My eyes flick behind the green woman and lock with his. He raises a white eyebrow at me when he sees that I recognize him and a tight, cruel smile makes the corner of his mouth twitch upward. My mind reels, "No…I know I killed you already…didn't I?" "Ladies first." He flashes me an evil look and his gaze frees me from the frozen spell, permitting me to stumble backward a step. But just as soon as my foot connects with the pavement, I am stuck again. I watch in horror as the Capitol woman reaches into the bowl. She pulls out a slip. I wait in agonizing anticipation for her to open the slip and read the name, but to my surprise she doesn't. Instead she goes back to the microphone. "And now for the boys." She grabs another slip of paper from the other bowl. Walking back to the microphone she opens both slips. Looking down at the names she grins, her heavily made-up eyes squinting in sickly pleasure, "Oh this is an interesting turn of events. Out tributes are…" The look that President Snow gives me confirms my fear before she says the names…but it still hits me like a ton of bricks…