This is a short, pre-written story. It'll update every couple of days. I've been working on it for a long time, whenever inspiration for this particular storyline hits me. Or when I'm experiencing blocks for another story. Please review, let me know what you think. … Bella Swan: For as long as I could remember, we've been moving from place to place. Every fourteen to twenty months, like clockwork, my mother, Renée, gets bored with where we're living and packs up, ready to find a new adventure and a new home. When I was younger, I didn't mind. There were always new kids to play with and a new school to go to. But now I am sixteen years old, and it isn't so easy to merge into a new town and a new school. Girls are a lot cattier and a lot less accepting, and it was getting harder to adapt to a new school nearly every year. But it was what Renée wanted and my father, Charlie, went along with it. When I was four years old she had left us both, and Charlie had been totally distraught. She had obviously come back, but it was very clear that Charlie would do anything to keep her from leaving again. It was last week that Renée came into my room and informed me that we were moving yet again. We had only been living in Billings, Montana for a year and a half, but Renée had already gotten bored, and my father put in a transfer at work and I had to register at a new school. This time, we were moving to a town even smaller than Billings- Forks, Washington. According to the Forks Chamber of Commerce website, the population was just about 3,000 and there was only one high school; the one that I would be attending for however long I would be living in Forks. Moving wasn't as much as an emotional thing to me anymore. After our fifth or sixth move, I had come to terms with the fact that this was just the way my life was going to be. We would probably always be on the move. It was tiring and difficult at times, but at least it was an adventure. I hadn't made any real friends in Billings during the time that we had been here, so there was no one to see me off, and I doubted there would be many people who would notice I was gone. I had learned over time to just focus on my schoolwork and not get too attached to my classmates, because I knew I wouldn't be around for very long. "Hey, kid, are you ready to go?" Charlie stood in the door of my bedroom as I surveyed the piles of boxes that surrounded me. "Yeah," I sighed, "it's a good thing I didn't unpack all of my boxes last time…it's much easier to pack." Charlie was quiet for a moment, and then I felt him place his hand tenderly on my shoulder. "I know this is hard on you, Bells. I…I'm trying to talk your mom into staying in Forks until you graduate. I don't know if she'll go for it, but I think it would be for the best if we did." "Okay. Thanks." I knew as well as he did that Renée would never go for that, and that she would never be able to stay in one town for very long. "We're going to be rolling out in about half an hour, okay? The movers will be loading everything later today, so just grab the stuff you want to have in the car with you." He started to walk out of the room, but paused and turned back to look at me. "Thank you for being such a good sport, Bella. It makes this a lot easier on me, too." I just smiled, knowing that Charlie had to put up with a lot of things when it came to Renée. But he loved her, and that was what mattered to him. As long as I was safe and doing well and school, it didn't matter so much how I felt about things. A little over half an hour later, the three of us were crammed into our small car, ready to endure the seventeen hour drive to our new home. We had each packed a small suitcase to tide us over in our new home until the movers arrived with the rest of our things. Thanks to my iPod, laptop, and pile of books, the drive went by a little faster. I was used to the subtle silence that my parent's always shared- it was just the way they were. They might not be happy all the time, but they were compatible and they loved each other. Many bathroom, food, and rest stops later, we arrived in Forks. I couldn't deny that it was beautiful- it really was. There seemed to be at least a million different shades of green, and trees everywhere. But it was also painfully boring looking. "Main Street" was one pitiful stretch of road lined with dingy little shops and a diner that seemed pretty sparse and pathetic. We also passed by several small houses, most of which were in need of a fresh coat of paint and a little sprucing up. The house we would be renting could use a little fixing up as well, but it wasn't bad. It was a small two story, painted white on the exterior with blue shutters framing the windows. "Well, this is it!" My mom exclaimed as the three of us got out of the car. "What do you think?" "It looks pretty good, hon," Charlie said easily, surveying the house. "It could definitely use a little bit of fixing up, though." Renée shrugged her shoulders, obviously not too concerned. "That's part of the adventure." I just rolled my eyes and grabbed my suitcase, ready to get into the house and have some peace. I had been in the car with my parents for way too long- now I just wanted to be alone. Of course, I would never be that lucky. A couple hours later after we got settled into the house, I was out on the back porch reading and I heard voices. "It looks like someone finally rented out that house." "Thank god. We finally have some new neighbors!" I glanced up and quickly located where the voices were coming from. There were two teenagers- a girl and a boy, walking over towards the house from another, much more impressive house down the block from us. They looked to be about my age, but I couldn't really tell. I hate meeting new people when I move. It's not that I'm a hermit or a recluse, it's because I don't see the point in getting attached to the new people I meet in each place we move. It just makes things harder when I have to leave, and even if people do promise to keep in touch, that never really lasts long. "Hi!" As they got closer, the girl reached up and waved at me. "We're your neighbors from down the block!" "Hi," I said cautiously, standing up to greet them. "I'm Bella." They both stepped up on the porch, friendly smiles on their faces. "It's nice to meet you. I'm Alice Cullen and this is my brother." The girl spoke again, gesturing to the boy with her as she introduced him. "I'm Edward," he supplied, reaching out his hand to shake mine. "I'm Bella. It's nice to meet both of you, too," I said, shaking Edward's hand firmly. I had to admit, this guy was pretty cute. He had tousled auburn hair and expressive green eyes, not to mention his square jaw, full lips, and straight nose. He was classically handsome, in an all-American kind of way. Good looks must run in their family, because Alice was beautiful as well. She and her brother shared many of the same facial features, including their green eyes. "Are you going to start school at Forks High?" Alice asked, and the three of us sat down on the steps of the porch. "Yeah, I'm going to start Monday," I said, nodding my head. "I'll be a junior." Alice's face lit up again. "Nice! I'm a junior, too, so maybe we'll have a couple of classes together. I could probably show you around, if you want." "That'd be great, thanks," I said. "What about you, Edward? Are you a senior?" He nodded, a crooked smile on his lips. "Yep. I've only got a couple of months left, thank goodness." Alice rolled her eyes and shoved her brother's shoulder playfully. "Shut up, Edward. It's not that bad." She turned to me, her expression suddenly serious. "Really. Forks High is kind of boring, but it's an okay school." I told her that I believed her, and the serious expression was replaced with another smile. "Where did you go to school before this? Anywhere nearby?" "Well, the last school I went to was in Billings, Montana. Before that I was in Phoenix, Arizona; Long Beach, California; and Tulsa, Oklahoma for high school. I've lived in a couple of other places too, but those were before I started High School." Edward and Alice's mouths both dropped open slightly. "Wow. And you're only a junior? Three high schools in three years…damn. Is one of your parents in the military or something?" Edward asked, his eyebrows raised. "Nope." I shook my head. "My mom likes to move around a lot, and she kind of drags me and my dad along with her." I gave them the short version of the story, not wanting to get into the whole thing with these almost-strangers. "That's crazy. Where-" Edward started to talk, but he was interrupted when his cell phone started to ring. He quickly pulled it out of his pocket, glancing at the display to see who was calling. "Shoot. It's Rose, I was supposed to meet her at the library. I have to go. Bella, it was really nice meeting you. I'll see you around, okay? Alice, I'll be home sometime after dinner." He waved before answering his phone and hurrying off in the direction of his house. "So how long do you think you'll be staying here?" Alice asked, breaking the brief moment of quiet. "I'm not sure," I said truthfully. "My dad told me he's trying to convince my mom to stay until I graduate, but I kind of doubt that will happen." Alice pouted. "Well, I hope you do stay that long. I think you and I will be great friends. I'm here if you ever need anything." … And sure enough, when I got to school on my first day and needed help, Alice was there. She walked me to all my classes, not just the ones we had together, and filled the walks with interesting conversation pieces. "Watch out for Mike Newton. He's a nice enough guy, but he cannot keep his dick in his pants. So he's kind of made the rounds and…ugh. It's just kind of gross." "Wow. Is that the guy with the blonde hair that's kind of spiky?" I asked. Forks High wasn't very big, but I was the new girl so I felt like I was being bombarded with new names and faces to learn. Even though I know deep down that I won't be here very long, I'm trying to be optimistic. Alice was so accepting and friendly with me, so she's making it a lot easier on me. Alice crinkled her nose slightly. "Yeah, that's him. God only knows why he still wears his hair like that…oh, hey, before I forget do you want to come over tonight for dinner? My parents are going to be gone, but Edward is a great cook and he wants to try out some new recipe. He told