Warnings: Crack, mental instability, AU, angst (with a happy ending), temporary (repeated) death Pairing : LV/HP (in a manner of speaking) The one thing Voldemort learns about dealing with Harry Potter is that one does not simply deal with Harry Potter. He's a curse all unto himself with no counter spell, a menace, a— "Hey," Harry bloody Potter says, covered in rabbits. He's got at least four in his lap. The one sitting on his head flicks its ear at him. Voldemort slams the door and walks away. "Okay, so I was thinking—" "Don't," Voldemort says. Harry wrinkles his nose at him. Can he be anymore plebeian? It's most likely a habit he picked up from those dozens of bunnies he has closeted in his room, and how long will it take a Dark Lord to train him out of that? Again? He has more important things to be doing than teaching his old arch-nemesis manners, of all things. Maybe he can delegate the task to a Malfoy. (Yes, and maybe Malfoy Manor will be burned down in the process, yet again.) "Alright, first of all: rude. Second of all, I really think you should hear this—" "Potter, that is exactly what you said the last thirty-seven times." "Uh, yeah, and guess how many times you really should've listened to me?" "Three." Harry makes a face, and Voldemort, unfortunately well-versed in Harry Potter body language, speeds up his stride. "I counted fifteen," Harry begins, following right behind him, "And that's being generous. Er, I mean, strict? Well, my point is, there could've been a lot more." "Your judgment leaves much to be desired." "You're so rude to me," Harry complains. "But that's okay. I understand and accept that it's a deficiency in your personality. We can't all be perfect, and you, well…your attitude's got more holes than my apparently piss-poor judgment." He coughs. Voldemort wants to strangle him. "Anyway, this is important this time. To me. Ergo, it should be important to you, too." In the beginning, he did strangle him. Multiple times. Ah, those were the days… Unfortunately, Harry Potter has a penchant for coming back from the dead. Also unfortunate is the week after his return, when he decides to be particularly insufferable to "make up for the time [he] was gone." After this gem of a revelation, Voldemort decided that killing him simply wasn't worth it anymore. "I don't see why." Harry sighs. "Oh come on, Voldie. Work with me here. We share a soul? We live under the same roof? Our soaps are on the same soap rack, we eat three meals a day together, you gossip about your Death Eaters with me. I'm probably the most important person to you in the entire world except for, well, yourself. Personality deficiency. I get it. Anyway—" Voldemort stops walking. Harry, who would be sharing his robes if he was any closer, collides with his back and falls flat on his bottom. "A word of warning would've been nice," Harry grumbles, rubbing at his bum. "Merlin, what're you made of, bricks? And really, must you loom over me like that?" Voldemort levels him with an unamused stare. "Do you ever shut up?" "Around you? Of course not," replies Harry. He bats off the stinging hex and gets right up, brushing off his clothes like a muggle. There are charms for that. Voldemort distinctly remembers handing him a book of them. "Hey, why'd you stop?" Voldemort resists the urge to sigh, yanking Harry's robes to pull him back from peeking behind him. Harry Potter is a public embarrassment. Why anyone thinks he's the icon of anything is beyond him. "If this has anything to do with the contents of your room, leave. Now." In lieu of an answer, Harry sends a pointed look toward the hand gripping his clothes. For a moment, Voldemort forgets who he's dealing with and releases his hold. "You know, for someone who glares at anyone within a ten-meter radius, you're awfully handsy," Harry says, righting his clothes. "A couple comments: next time, you should ask before you pull something like that—ha, pull—always check consent. On that note, just for future reference I would appreciate the pull before I fall, which you have my explicit consent to. And if you can't catch me, a cushioning charm would be nice—" Voldemort opens the door. Harry blinks. "Oh, why thank you," he says, stepping through. Without pomp or circumstance, Voldemort slams the door shut and locks it for good measure. Then, he walks away. Unfortunately, even a Dark Lord's locking spell isn't enough to keep Harry Potter from lunch. When Voldemort enters the dining room, it's to the welcoming sound of someone else already eating. Harry isn't exactly a noisy eater; it's the acoustics of the room, void of all decoration and furniture save the long ebony wood table in the center. A set of chairs seldom occupied line the sides, and the two most often in use lie at the two opposing ends. The lighting is also dim compared to the rest of the house. As per usual, it takes his eyes a moment to adjust—the only lighting is centered on the table, candle sticks tall and white. To supplement the poor light source is a single chandelier that sits high above, all glass and ghost with a glow independent from fire. On some occasions, the chandelier will take to float about the room, but for the most part, it maintains its guard equidistant from them both. Perhaps it has learned its lesson from the last one, or perhaps the house-elves have charmed it to be less flighty in advance. Whichever the case, Harry seems content with it, and that's all that really matters. Voldemort doesn't want to be the first person to talk, but seeing as Harry's already stuffing his face, he takes a seat at the other end of the long table and reluctantly asks, "When did you escape?" At least he has the decency to swallow before he speaks. Harry wipes his mouth with a napkin and says, voice echoing across the empty room, "Took about fifteen minutes. I was going to stay a bit longer—fantastic view, would've been perfect for tea and biscuits—but my bunnies were getting hungry…and no offense or anything, but your house-elves probably shouldn't feed them. Just saying." Voldemort sighs into his tea cup. He blames Dumbledore for the boy's reflexive insubordination. In fact, he blames Dumbledore for many things about Harry Potter. "Dully noted." They both return to their meal. Unfortunately, barely a minute passes before Harry coughs. Voldemort ignores him in favor of his casserole. Harry coughs again, pointedly. Not that it was any more pointed than the last time; the room's echo makes each sound its own solo. Voldemort idly considers spending good time to create a stronger locking spell. A rune or ward, while it would certainly perform the service required, isn't as temporary as he would like. Harry will escape one way or another. It's the convenience of shoving him into the closest room and locking it that he needs—he'd stick with the current one, but fifteen minutes is too absurd. Voldemort would lose his reputation if he didn't do anything. "So," Harry says, deciding to loudly make his point rather than wait for any sign of acknowledgement, "About what I was saying earlier." "I could care less as long as you keep it to your room." It's a rule they've had in place since some months after their arrangement began: a final, immutable line of privacy is necessary for their continued coexistence. Basically, Voldemort is in no rush to define mutually assured destruction between two immortal wizards, and though Harry's respect for his authority is a constant zero, his respect for privacy is a whole other story. "Well, yes, but that's not what I was going to say! They're kind of related topics, though." Does he really want to have this conversation? No. But Harry is persistent enough that they're going to have it anyway. Voldemort sets down his silverware and gives him a look. "We will have this conversation once and only once." Harry isn't cowed. In fact, he straightens right up and exclaims, "Great! Okay, so you know how I've been on a journey of self-discovery, right?" No. "Well! I've finally figured it out. Voldemort," Harry clears his throat, "We've been living with each other for a long time now. That said, though I'm a little uncomfortable with it, I think you have a right to know—you know, since we've been through so much together. So, I have a confession to make." "Get on with it, Potter." Harry frowns. "Hey! I thought you of all people would understand the need to build some suspense. I let you have your dramatic monologues. You could at least extend the same courtesy to me." The Longbottom brat could've been his horcrux instead. Meek, spineless, obedient… He could've locked him in the dungeons and forgot he ever had a human horcrux. But no. Voldemort is stuck with Harry bloody Potter instead. He has so many regrets. So, so many. "You do no such thing." Harry opens his mouth, then closes it. A pensive look flashes across his face for all of five seconds before he's brightening up again. "You're right. I really don't. Maybe if you made them more interesting, I'd be more inclined to listen to them. Like this! Okay, okay. Here I go. Watch me. Where was I? Oh, yes: Voldemort, I have a confession to make." Voldemort sighs. Harry looks at him expectantly. "What is your confession, Potter." "I," Harry pauses for dramatic effect, failing utterly, "am not a human." … Harry Potter is a public embarrassment. This, Voldemort knows. He has to physically swallow back his retort, draining his cup of tea to help it along the way. After that's done, and still seeing that Harry is completely serious, Voldemort fixes his poker face and steeples his fingers. Hopefully, this conversation won't be going on for much longer. "And you think this why?" A house-elf refills his beverage. This is going to be a long conversation, isn't it. Harry looks delighted at his prompt. "I didn't see it either," he prattles, voice lilting with all the pleasure a madman has when finally engaged with conversation, "but! It's so obvious now! Look, all the evidence is there. My accelerated healing, how I never seem to age, the parseltongue… Creatures like me! Of course they do! I'm one of them!" Voldemort eyes him as he takes another delicate sip of tea. "Have you tested for creature blood?" he asks, mild. "Well, no," Harry says, wilting. He recovers quickly enough. "But! I mean, of course they wouldn't find anything. I haven't gone through a creature inheritance, so I figured that my blood, that part of me, has been suppressed or something. You know, for safety purposes." Voldemort is noncommittal. "I could be really dangerous otherwise," adds Harry. "Potter," Voldemort begins, and then changes his mind as he backtracks to: "Harry. How does this connect to…" "Oh, my bunnies?" Unfortunately, yes. Voldemort closes his eyes. "Yes." Harry fidgets. "Well, y'see, this is the other part I wanted to tell you. Um," he averts his gaze, "You know…I do… W-well! We're roommates, right, Voldemort?" No. Really, no. "In a manner of speaking," he says instead. "This is important to me," Harry stresses. "I'd like to include you. It's only right." He will never understand the mind of one Harry Potter. On that note, Voldemort will never understand what Harry Potter does to people, people like Dark Lords and their mildly insane followers. He doubts Grindelwald ever had to deal with this. He chose to abandon Dumbledore. Then again, seeing as Dumbledore went on to defeat him, perhaps the road less traveled is a better choice. "The manor wards are tied to me," he says, always instead. "You would be physically unable of keeping a secret here,