AN: I don't own much in here really. It's for entertainment's sake only The sky was now dim, a cool shade of blue-grey still glowing pale in the east. Under the silver-washed sky the river Harnen flowed ever on, southward, eastward, away from the mountains to the sea. Harnen was mostly the typical image of south, wild and full of raw energy, roaring from the thin, foamy rapids of the headwaters down to the wide, wide here, here lying some half way between the mountains South of Mordor and the Harad road, winding through endless forests, Harnen was timid and sweet like a young virgin. Lotus flowers, all pretty blue and white, and tall reeds of startling green crowded the banks, ever pushing towards the center of the river, leaving only a narrow expanse of empty water in the middle, smooth like black glass. Su-rong was still searching for lotus fruit among the ample round leaves, straining her sight against the waning light, when someone called her name from the riverbank. She turned and saw Ying striding towards the edge of the river, carefully picking his way through her many jugs and pots haphazardly strewn on the bank. He nodded at her when catching her eyes. His marble white face and smoke pale eyes looked surreal in the greyness of the night. Su-rong felt awe-struck all over again. Ying's otherworldly mien had always unsettled her, even though he had been with her people for almost a year now. Ying was a stranger from a strange land. He came to the village when an epidemic was sweeping across the land, and with his strange herbs and stranger arts he saved the lives of many, including Su-rong's father, chieftain of their people. If anyone was wary of the northerner with his pale flashing eyes in the beginning, none would ever doubt him again. The village welcomed and loved him as a prodigal son. And he loved them, Su-rong was sure, despite his insistence to maintain his detached air of mystery. Ying had always been an enigma. When he first came to them he had no name. It was the villagers who dubbed him "Ying", the eagle, for everyone agreed that he looked exactly like one of those great birds of the north, all pale glory and sharpness and flashing eyes of steel. Even now he refrained from making his real name known, saying he had many and none was relevant. Su-rong, who was persistent to a fault, had given up her prodding and questioning after a while. Ying had many pursuits; he wanted to know everything, from the lay of river and land to the movement of people. Sometimes he would ride away on his horse—his own steed from the north, larger and swifter than anything the villagers had ever seen—and disappear for days on end. It was in times like these that Su-rong would feel this strange northerner had ulterior motives, not questionable ones, just hidden ones. Su-rong loved the northerner like a second father, and the man adored her like the daughter he never had. Often they would go into the woods, cultivating and searching for herbs together. For Su-rong too was an herbalist in love with leaves and roots, and she was proud to know that sometimes her esoteric knowledge learned from many generations of village women could even surprise and amaze the seemingly all-knowing northerner. "Surely you are ready to return, little one?" Presently Ying spoke. "Coming!" She called loudly, snatched the last lotus fruit from its green stem and stuffed it in her bag, before maneuvering reedy raft back to the river back. She jumped onto the bank, and then carefully dragged her little raft and jammed it between two sturdy lotus stems to keep it away from the current's sway. Once settled on the bank, she began to pack her jugs and pots. "It seems you had a fruitful day, little one. What could all those be for?" Ying said, nodding towards her vast array of vessels. "Ascendance Night, of course!" Su-rong replied happily. "It will be here in twelve days." Ying seemed puzzled, "Ascendance Night? I have not heard of it. Is it a celebration of sort?" "Yes, celebration, only the most important celebration of the year," Su-rong nodded and chattered on with excitement. "There are so many things to be done. I am glad I managed to gather so many things in just one day. See here," She began to explain the content of her many vessels as she stacked them one by one into an enormous basket of woven wicker, "I have licorice roots and wild rice to make sweet rice balls; lotus seeds and lily bulbs for the festive stew, mint and rosemary to spice the year's new wine; chokecherries and willow leaves to dye the silk; and other seeds and herbs a-plenty. Yet this is but a leave in the forest. The village shall need much more, and the celebration is but a few days ahead." She packed down the last pot into the basket and pressed down the wicker lid. "All done," She announced and leaned her head to look at the mildly perplexed northerner. "It is a first for you, no?" Su-rong asked thoughtfully. "I remember that you came last year just a few days after Ascendance Night and just missed the celebration. And with the epidemic there was little left behind to show you even hints of the celebration." "Indeed," Ying said, "This is most certainly a first. If the celebration is as you describe, it will be more splendid and elaborate than anything I have ever witnessed." Su-rong leaped up and clapped her hands together, "Then I must show you. Come with me." With that she climbed down to her raft once and waved at the northerner, "Come, Ying, come and I will show you." "Out on the river, on that little raft of yours?" The northerner had an amused light in his pale eyes. "Yes!" He asked no more and got on the raft. Carefully Su-rong loosened the raft from the lotus stems and pushed towards the center of the river. She stopped the little raft just at the edge of the lotus patch. There she stopped, steadied the raft a little, and then raised her head skyward. "Look, Ying." She said, pointing towards the western edge of the now completely dark sky. "What do you see there?" "A spring constellation!" The northerner said with surprise. "It has been gone for half a year now. So it has returned?" Su-rong nodded with a bright smile, "That's the O-lu, the black herons, drivers of the Lady Yi-sa's heavenly car." Indeed, if one looked carefully, the splash of white stars on the western horizon looked very much like the out stretched wings and pointed beaks of two celestial herons. "Every year the O-lu rises about now, and the Harnen water rises with it. See how the river swells lately? O-lu will be followed by the Tian-che, the Lady's chariot, and then the star of Lady Yi-sa herself. You know the tale of Lady Yi-sa, Ying?" The northerner shook his head slightly, "No, not specifically, though I often hear her name in the village." "We do speak her name often," Su-rong explained, "For we go to her for guidance and protection." And she began then, in her smooth clear voice, the tale of the Great Lady of Harnen River, "Lady Yi-sa is one of the immortals who dwells in heaven. It is said she loves the world of men and often travels to and fro between heaven and earth in her flying car. Yet there was once when her chariot broke and could fly no more, and she was trapped on earth, unable to return home. She wandered the land weary and sad, until she chanced upon our forefathers living by the banks of Harnen River." "Harnen was under the thrall of the worst drought then, and was no more than a thin line of water snaking across scorched land. Lady Yi-sa saw all of this and was moved to love and pity. She wept and shed tears of compassion. So great was her love that her lament gathered clouds and her tears filled the river. Harnen flooded and washed the land anew, and when the river lowered to its normal level the banks were filled with rich black soil, bursting with life and ready to yield whatever the people had a mind to grow. Everyone was wild with joy." "For a while the Lady Yi-sa dwelt with our forefathers as one of our people. She was happier though her thoughts often yearned for her home in heaven. Our forefathers vowed to help her return home. They were able to capture a pair of great black herons and train the birds to draw chariots. The birds were given to Lady Yi-sa and they bore her car on their wings and finally took her home, after many years of toil and wandering." The young girl raised her head towards the western sky, and the silver light of the O-lu was in her dark eyes. "The Lady walks with us ever in the light of her stars. Every year when spring is ready to return she rises in the western sky. The night she first rises we call Ascendance Night. Harnen always floods that night, without fail, a sign of her everlasting love for our people and this land. And we always celebrate her coming with a gift of black herons and her favourite lotus flowers. We shall love her and thank her and revere her forever and ever." Su-rong stopped and fell silent. The world was silent save the light breeze ruffling the crowding reeds and the elegant lotus flowers, still startlingly green blue and white in the night shades. A milky mist was rising from the glassy water, mingling with the gossamer starlight in a dream-like dance. Far away, a heron suddenly cried, a string of crisp, clear notes like glass beads. Finally the pale northerner sighed and said, "It is a beautiful tale." He sounded moved, "I have not heard its like for many long years now." Su-rong looked at him curiously. "Do your people have no festivals? Nothing to commemorate and celebrate?" She asked. "We do not celebrate much now." "But there must be something." Su-rong insisted. "Father says every people has one day of the year that they mark with special importance, a day they use to mark the beginning of a new cycle." The northerner did not respond at first. He gazed at the western sky silently with a faraway look in his pale eyes. At last he said reluctantly, "My people used to celebrate a day near winter solstice in remembrance of the founding of our kingdoms. It was on that day when our forefathers came to the land that we now dwell and built the first cities. But that was long ago. There is no more celebration now." "But why not?" Su-rong asked uncomprehendingly. "Things happen; times change; memories fade." He shrugged and attempted to answer lightly, though he was hardly successful. "Our land shrinks away and our people dwindle. Few remember happier times and celebrations now, only flight and survival." Su-rong looked uncomfortable, and she was about to speak but Ying cut in first, saying, "Let us return, Su-rong. We have lingered long. Your father shall be worried." The girl nodded and began to move her raft back towards the riverbank once more. On their home back to the village she asked hopefully, "I shall have to go out to the woods again tomorrow, Ying. Will you come with me?" The northerner looked at her with a rare half smile and said, "I certainly will if I can, little one." But Ying was nowhere to be found the next day, and Su-rong had to go into the forest alone. For the next few days the northerner was persistently missing, but Su-rong was