AN: Everything is Tolkien's. I am just here to play in the sandbox. Will put everything back. :) Just an one-shot about Aragorn and Denethor's relationship. It's a weird idea, and I don't even know how it struck me. Hope you enjoy. At the end of audience the messenger from Rohan exclaimed, "And I am overjoyed to see Captain Thorongil so well-settled here. He truly looks at home among his own. Why, he and the Lord Denethor can almost be brothers!" Ecthelion laughed merrily at this remark, while Thorongil smiled with an incline of his head. But Denethor only sat there, still as a statue and expressionless, the nearly imperceptible frown casting a faint shadow on his eyes. Denethor has lost count of how many times people took Thorongil and him for brothers. So many had gushed over their similarities: the towering heights, the raven black hair, and the piercing silver-grey eyes. A pair of fine Numenorean lords they made: one powerful and endearing like the sun, another high and stern like the moon. None had ever uttered such a remark with malice; it was always said with admiration and awe, as an observation of a respectable peculiarity. No one really suspected the Lord Steward Ecthelion of siring any bastard, except for perhaps Denethor. It was not that Denethor doubted the integrity of his own father, but only that he did not believe in coincidence and peculiarity. A common sellsword does not by chance look like a highborn lord of the West, nor does the Steward of Gondor by chance become so enamored with a stranger. It was unclear even to Denethor himself why he should feel especially incensed now. After all, he had heard similar remarks repeated by many, even his own father. But on this particularly day, as the messenger from Rohan took his leave, Denethor became determined: today would be the day for some real answers. So he invited Thorongil to share a drink with him, on the pretext of having received some new spring wine from Lossarnach which would make war councils less tedious. Thorongil was obviously surprised by this invitation, curious and a shade hopeful, almost as if he saw a chance to make an unlikely friend. But alas, impossible—Denethor did not trust his rival to be so naïve. For the two glasses of wine they discussed actual affairs of the state: rangers in Ithilien, watchers east of Anduin, fortification of Osgiliath and Cair Andros, even utterly tedious matter like expected harvest and tax rate. They drank the third glass in silence. The two of them hardly made a companionable pair, but excellent wine made the silence less awkward than it should have been. After Denethor drained his third glass he suddenly spoke up, "I cannot but think of the Rohirrim's remarks earlier. You look at home and among your own, he said. Do you feel so, Thorongil? Are you at home here, alone and in the midst of strangers?" Thorongil looked startled. A faraway look flashed across his face, then he answered, slow with deliberate care, "I am among friends here, my lord. Gondor is as much a home to me as Rohan, or the place of my birth and childhood. The people of Gondor are my own, if they would have me." "A man of many homes you are, Thorongil," Denethor remarked. "I have traveled to many places, yes, but that will not make me love Gondor any less, nor would my loyalty waver." Denethor waved a hand and snapped with a bite of impatience, "At ease, captain, I am not insinuating anything. I may be the last soul in Gondor who refuses to love you, but even I would not question your loyalty. Give me a little more credit. I am merely curious—and even uncomfortable, I admit—at how little we know of your origin and your true home." Thorongil looked even more startled than before, hopelessly confused by Denethor's bluntness. Certainly Denethor has always been a direct, pithy speaker who abhorred pretense, but he was also a guarded man. Under normal circumstances Denethor would never speak so much and so openly to his greatest rival. Thorongil stole a brief glance at the wine glass—was Lossarnach's new brew really so potent? So Thorongil spoke gently, "We have concluded all business at hand and finished an entire bottle of this fine wine, my lord, perhaps…" "Have some more wine, Thorongil," Denethor said, already opening a second bottle and filling both glasses, "Tell me a little of your home, where you grew up. I am quite curious." Seeing no polite way to refuse the wine or the conversation, Thorongil replied, "I believe I have mentioned this before, I grew up in the north, west of the Misty Mountains. The land was rugged and wild, without great cities of stone like here in the south, only small towns and hidden manors scattered across the woodland. My childhood home would no doubt seem rustic and quaint to the lords of Gondor, but I find it exceedingly beautiful." "And your father, a rustic and quaint country knight then?" The answer came rather swiftly, "My father passed away when I was very young; I have next to no memory of him. I have answered this question before, my lord Denethor, why bring it up now?" "Ah, the guards are up again, I see, secretive and vigilant like a hunted deer," Denethor said with a cryptic smile, "Yet I am the one often accused of being cold and distant. How do you make friends if you never tell any tales of friends and family and childhood? In any case, Thorongil, I am not your hunter and I should not cause your fear. I am but a curious colleague. Hide your father's name if you will; tell me a little of your mother." Thorongil blinked. "I beg your pardon, my lord?" "Your mother. Or did she pass away when you were young as well? Surely a man of your stock and breeding did not grow up an orphan living on others' charity." "She did not. But perhaps I should leave you to rest," Thorongil said gently, "You had quite a few glasses of wine." Denethor smiled again and raised his glass, "And you not nearly enough. Drink, captain, a toast to your mother in faraway land; let me thank this fine woman for giving Gondor her mightiest captain." Thorongil raised his glass and drank, for no man could refuse a toast offered in honor of his mother. He wondered briefly if all this Lossarnach wine was Denethor's ploy to pry secrets from him, but then had to dismiss the idea. He had a reputation in the seven circles of the city for never refusing a drink offered his way and never being the least affected; surely Denethor knew of this. "So tell me a little of her. Is she dark or fair-haired? Decisive or soft-spoken?" Denethor pressed once more. So Thorongil took another sip of wine and began, "She is known as the fair one among her people, who are mostly dark-haired, but her hair is pure gold. She is gentle and soft-spoken, but she is wise and sees much, so when she does speak everyone heeds her insight." "Just like you, I suppose that is what you want me to say." Everything Denethor was saying this night sounded unlike Denethor. He was too caustic, too rude , and way too familiar. One too many glass of wine, Thorongil concluded, and thought again to take his leave. But Denethor did not give him that opportunity. The heir of the Steward of Gondor suddenly blurted out, "Is your mother exceedingly beautiful? She must be, if she could make my father forget himself, however momentarily." Thorongil froze, he was still from head to toe, as if suddenly turned to a statue of stone. Only his long fingers tightened around the wine glass, knuckles turning a shade whiter. "I beg your pardon, my lord?" He said in a low voice. Denethor did not speak immediately, for he was busy drinking copious amount of wine. But after he drained his—was it the fifth? Sixth?—glass of wine he spoke up again. "Come now, Thorongil, I do not blame you for your parentage. We have drunk enough to be perfectly honest with each other. I despise you for your existence, for you prove that even a great lord such as my father had a moment of utter weakness, but I can indeed admire you for the man you are—a fine specimen of Westernesse and a sharp sword for Gondor." "I beg you to speak plainly, my lord," Thorongil spoke coldly, his hand now resting on the hilt of his sword, "I fail to understand your point." Denethor laughed, pouring himself yet another glass of wine he said, "Yes, let us speak plainly, brother mine. You father did not pass away when you were young, not in the strictest sense; he left and returned to his home and his station, for he is Ecthelion, Lord Steward of Gondor. Is that not so?" "No, Denethor, absolutely not," Thorongil's voice was the dangerous rumble before a ferocious storm, "You have wronged my mother most grievously. She is a noble lady of unwavering faith, devoted to my father and him alone. Nor is the Lord Steward such a weak man to betray his marriage vows so." "You do not have to deny it so vehemently. With so much wine I would hardly remember this exchange on the morrow." "And you may count yourself fortunate to be so into your cups presently!" Thorongil thundered, "Were you any soberer I would have challenged you to a duel for my mother's honor, heir to the Steward you may be." Denethor was silent for a long time. He cocked his head and watched Thorongil with this hard glint in his grey eyes, underneath the drunken haze. Thorongil stared back unflinchingly. He looked angry, but also uncharacteristically open, as if finally casting aside the veil of mystery he always wore. "So you would categorically deny such allegation," Denethor muttered. The answer came swift and sure. "Yes, I would, for it is utter falsehood. Why would you even entertain such a thought, Denethor? Why would you wilfully besmirch the name of your father? You love me not, so what is there to gain by calling me brother?" "What is there to gain? Ha!" Denethor laughed bitterly, "There is nothing to gain. And indeed, I love you not. Yet to have a brother like you would be the easiest truth! Do you not see?" "Easiest truth? You are speaking nonsense." "Look at yourself!" Denethor raised his voice also, "Here be Numenorean blood undiminished, anyone with half an eye can see it. There are maybe three houses left in Gondor of such high lineage, and Imrahil really is too young to have this conversation with you. If you are not a grave error on my father's part, who are you then? A bastard prince out of Rhovanion ready to start another kin-strife in Gondor? A king of the Black Numenoreans, here to enthrall us all? An enemy spy wearing the guise of a Dunadan? If you were my brother my heart would rest easier, despite the bitterness I must swallow." Thorongil was shocked into silence for a long while. At last he said, half angry and half hurt, "Is that what you think of me? That I must be born of shame, or else an enemy? Why should I not be an honest ally?" "Honest ally?" Denethor laughed again, "An honest ally who names neither himself nor his father? An honest ally without a native land? An honest ally with no family to speak of? You must excuse me for not taking your word for it." "Your lord father is content to trust me on King Thengel's recommendation and my own valor," Thorongil said quietly. "Which is why I thought—nay, rather say desperately hoped!—that his trust was founded on