Hey guys, so I started this story a month ago, but then my best friend got me addicted to Pic Collage (another great place to fan-girl) and then school started, soooo... You get my drift of what happened. This is a rough draft of my version of Leo and Calypso's reunion. But it might not be quite what you were expecting... Enjoy. Dedication: To my crazy best friend P3rcab3thFor3v3r. You can thank her for this lovely inspiration. You can also thank her for forcing me to finish it... ;) Disclaimer: We may both love cliff hangers, but Rick and I are two different people. His characters, my plot. Enjoy! ;) Fighting Fire With Fire "Percy!" Annabeth called, her voice urgent and demanding, "the battle's about to start!" "Yeah I know," the son of Poseidon called back. His brow furrowed as he stared out at the spot where the Argo II had been docked. "But where's Leo?" . . . Leo's spirits were high until he saw the island. Actually it was Festus who saw it first; the animated dragon almost turned around. That's what had gotten Leo's attention. . . . "We can't start without him!" Jason called over the growing wind. "'To Storm of Fire the World must fall'. We need him!" . . . When Leo saw it, frankly, he kind of wanted to turn around, too. . . . "Jason," Piper yelled as she and Hazel ran towards the other half of the group. "The storm! What's going on?" "No," Percy spoke, his words almost inaudible over the roaring wind as he stared out at the sea. "It's not Jason. It's coming from out there." . . . The clouds were black and thick with rain. Lightning was crackling overhead, and the looming forebodance was almost tangible. Festus clicked and whirred, making it clear that he didn't plan on going any farther. "Some friend you are." the son of the fire god muttered, his voice shaking only a little. "Fine, you fraidy-cat. I'll go by myself." . . . "You're going to have to go on without him." All of the demigods turned to see Zeus, dressed in full battle gear, his face serious and demanding. "If the son of Hephaestus has gone missing, then he is on his own. We cannot delay this any longer." . . . The only thing that Leo could think as he rowed the dingy to shore was 'Oh Hades. If I die, Calypso is going to kill me.' . . . "What do you mean 'he's on his own'?" Piper asked in desperation. "He's our friend! What if he needs us?!" Zeus flickered in annoyance, but the light soon dimmed. The half-bloods began to notice details about his armor that were not only Greek, but Roman. The Athena Parthanos had done its job. . . . The beach was eerie and quiet, but Leo supposed that, being the eye of the storm, it was supposed to sound like that. It still didn't stop the chills from running up and down his spine. . . . "Let him go, darling." Aphrodite spoke from behind. "This is his destiny." . . . The Latino demigod stared up at the path leading to Calypso's cavern. He felt a tugging inside his gut, but he couldn't tell whether it was from fear or from longing. . . . Percy's eyes flashed as he realized what was happening. He turned on the love goddess. "Is this another one of your games? You know he can't get back there, and even if he could, the rules of the island won't allow him to leave. He'd be stuck there forever." . . . "Nice island," the half-blood crooned nervously. "Good ol' Papa Leo's come back.. We don't need to worry about some silly rules, right?" . . . "He'll be in more trouble than that if we don't hurry this battle along." Poseidon spoke gravely. "What do you mean?" Annabeth asked, glancing back and forth between the gods and her boyfriend. She already had a sneaking suspicion of what they were talking about. "Do you see those storm clouds on the horizon?" Athena asked, "A darkness has covered the Island. A darkness that even we can't see past." . . . Climbing the hill was more difficult than Leo remembered. With the footpath, it should have made it easier to walk, but Leo felt like he was moving through a lake a syrup. It seemed steeper than before, and the dark clouds above him were making it hard to see. . . . "Leo comes first," Jason said. "Then we fight the battle." . . . The fire user was certain that the hike would never end, but that was before he tripped. . . . "NO!" Zues roared, "The battle comes first! Do you want all of Olympus to be destroyed?!" Percy got up into his uncle's face and grabbed the front of the sky lord's armor, pulling him down to eye level. "You promised me," he growled, "You owe it to her to take us there!" . . . Leo looked down at where his foot had caught on the stone. A huge crack ran down and across the footpath, kicking up some of the stone and making it look like someone had come through there with a cement drill. He scrambled to his feet and ran past the last grove of trees towards the garden. . . . "I don't owe you anything!" Zeus thundered. "She's the daughter of a Titan!" Piper gasped. "Khione- You mean that's where she sent Leo?" "What do you mean?" Hazel asked, her eyes full of worry and confusion. "What's going on?" . . . The flowers were crushed, the vegetables had been uprooted. The fountain in the middle of the garden had been smashed to pieces. At the entrance to the cave the curtain rod had been torn from its place. The son of Hephaestus felt a deep pit growing in his stomach; he was finding it hard to swallow, let alone breathe. "Calypso!" Leo called out as he scrambled towards the entrance. His voice was filled with panic. "Calypso!" . . . "Take us to Ogygia." Annabeth spoke calmly, "We'll bring back Leo and Calypso. Then we'll fight for you." Her eyes met Percy's. It was what had to be done. . . . Leo ran for the cave entrance. Calypso was strong. Whoever did this to her island had to be powerful; he just prayed to the gods that it wouldn't be who he thought it was. The main cavern looked intact. Nothing was out of place. Nothing had been moved. Nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary. That's how Leo knew that something was wrong. The invisible spirits that had been there the last time doing all of the chores were now gone; they seemed to have disappeared right into thin air. And then he saw her. She was in one of the smaller adjoining rooms, her back turned towards him, sitting on a chair near what must have been her loom. But something was wrong. Last time he had seen her, the daughter of Atlas had been wearing a t-shirt and the jeans she had become so devoted to. Now she wore a dress. A dress the color brown - the color of fresh earth. Leo stepped closer and he brushed against the half-open curtain leading into the room. It jingled as it slid across the bar that held it up. Calypso turned and her eyes widened as she saw him - red-rimmed eyes filled with panic. "Leo, no!" She stood abruptly, knocking the chair over. Celestial bronze shackles restrained her arms, and as her dress flowed out around her feet, he saw for the first time the chain connecting from her right foot to the wall. She almost tripped on it in her haste to stop him. Laughter filled the room, echoing throughout the cavern. A laugh that was all too familiar to Leo - one he had hoped to never hear again. . . . "C-Calypso?" Frank asked. "Didn't we find Leo near where she grew up?" "That's why he seemed so defensive when you mentioned her." Hazel spoke, her voice flowing with realization and remorse. "Wait," Jason added, "I thought she was a Sorceress." . . . The ground in the center of the cave became soft and muddy as the stone disintegrated into nothingness. Gaea rose in all her earthy glory, making herself a barrier between Leo and Calypso. "How adorable." she spoke mockingly. "Didn't I tell you he'd come back, Granddaughter? Why don't you say hello?" Calypso didn't look up, but stared instead at the ground. Her jaw was clenched tightly, and she looked like she was close to tears. . . . "Whatever we do we have to hurry," Hazel spoke, urgency in her tone. "Gaea's army won't hold off for long." Artemis stared out over the water, "Whatever the battle's like over here, something tells me it's much worse over there." . . . "Hey!" Leo yelled, his anger burning, "Leave her alone!" Gaea's face turned to the son of Hephaestus. "Any Grandchild of mine should know well enough to stay clear of those who get in my way, much less fall in love with them." Calypso's breath hitched at the words, and Leo felt his doing the same. There was a weird fluttering in the pit of his stomach, but he pushed it down. If he got distracted now he could lose the whole game, and that wouldn't be good for him or Calypso. . . . "What's going on over there?" Percy spoke to all of them. "Tell us what this is really all about." . . . "I did warn the both of you." the earth goddess spoke, her voice sounding dangerously calm. "Son of Hephaestus, you have proven to be a hindrance not only to your own little quest, but to me as well. You didn't accept my warnings, and that means that now, you must die." A light smile crossed her features before the deity turned to Calypso. "As for you, my dear Granddaughter, I have something very special planned. You refused to kill the boy when you had the chance, but now, before I destroy your pathetic little home and this scrawny little hero, you shall feel my pain . . . And my hate." Calypso backed away as Gaea reached out her hand. The daughter of Atlas had her back to the wall of the cave. "Go, Leo!" The earth goddess rested her hand on the younger deity's forehead and began to chant - a language more ancient than had ever touched upon the demigod's ears. Leo tried to move towards her but his feet were stuck in the mud. Tendrils of earth climbed his legs, wrapping around them as he struggled. "Calypso!" The chanting suddenly stopped and the brown haired girl froze, her eyes glazing over before closing completely. Calypso sunk down against the wall before collapsing, unmoving on the cavern floor. "NO!" The earth queen's laugh echoed once again against the chamber's walls, even more chilling than before. She knelt by her Grandchild and observed her work. Leo tried desperately to move his feet, but the earth only curled itself further up his legs. He reached his hands down to try to loosen the bonds, but they only attached themselves to those as well, tethering onto his arms like leeches. He stood quickly, hastily brushing the newer dirt away. "What did you do to her?!" he asked, unable to move towards the unconscious Calypso. "Foolish demigod," Gaea laughed, her closed eyes turning up at the corners. "I suppose I'll kill you either way; I'll humor you. I gave her my curse. That, at least, you can figure out for yourself." . . . "Each of you is a threat to her." Athena told them, her eyes sharp