Warnings: I don't own Harry...if I did he would have ended up with a strong handsome dominate male...or Luna if it had to be a girl. Soooo since that didn't happen I don't own it. I do own his power though...cause I made it up...think like a snake...how it smells with its tongue...there will be torture in this story guys. It's a story based on his revenge of the ones who wronged him and in the process healing and finding people who care. It has slash of the m/m variety but it's slow going. There is mentions of forced consent. Major character death. Order bashing. Ron and Hermione bashing. I can't think of anything else. Please if you don't like any of this jusT...turn back ok? On with the show! Chapter one- Skin Deep The Great Hall was as quiet as a grave. No one moved. All they did was stare. Stare at the short, thin waif that strode into the room, face devoid of emotion and sporting a cold look in his emerald eyes. The headmaster even paused in his speech, chest puffed out in pride. He had created this monster. This cold bitter person. The child may be a failed project, but no one else would want the freak either. The green eyed boy glared back at all the students, yet only a few actually recognized him for who he was. He no longer wore his glasses, his eyes had been corrected during a healing session. His black hair was longer, shoulder length and wavy. His face was delicate, yet, if one looked hard enough, you could see the thin white scars on the boy's cheek and temple. From neck to toe the child was covered in bandages, even though he wore loose fitting jeans and a deep royal blue turtleneck. On his hands were slim leather gloves, which appeared to be a soft black. The tension built in the room as the students began to murmur, wondering who this stranger was. "Ah. Mr. Potter. You made it at last." Everyone froze, except the teachers at the Head Table, and three Gryffindors. These seemed unsurprised with the unveiling of the teen's identity. Harry Potter shifted his gaze to the man who had tortured him the longest, eyes slitted in annoyance. "Forgive me, sir. I was waylaid by the Auror who escorted me." his voice, quiet and raspy, still traveled through the room. Many shivered at its close resemblance to snake speech, others were more focused on the staring contest that was currently taking place between the former Gryiffindor and the Leader of the Light. It was intense. Surprisingly enough, it was the headmaster who looked away first. He inclined his head and swept his arm over the expanse of the room. "Be seated wherever you wish Mr. Potter." although the old man's tone was genteel, it didn't take a scientist to see the disgust and loathing present in his face. It left most of the students with a sense of intrigue. Potter had been Albus Dumbledore's favorite after all. What had the former lion done to garner such a look? Instead of replying, the teen merely scowled and stalked over to the Slytherin table. Draco Malfoy quickly slid to the side, allowing the former Chosen One to sit beside him. Dumbledore ignored the gasps of outrage, mentally smirking at the idiot's bold move. The kid was making it too easy for him to show the world how defective he really was. No one trusted a Slytherin. His blue eyes locked with Harry's fellow tormentors and former friends. He nodded imperceptibly, making both sit straighter in their seats. Their mission was to make Harry's return to Hogwarts for his sixth year, a living hell. It had been two years since anyone had seen him. No one knew what had happened to the boy, and if the headmaster had anything to say about it, they wouldn't. He watched as his failed weapon sat amongst the snakes, listening but not talking. Maybe he could alienate him even in that house? "Well as I was saying. The Forbidden Forest is, as always, off limits. With that said, tuck in!" The plates were filled with food and Dumbledore returned to his seat, smug about his reign in the school. He never noticed the black eyes that followed his every move. Nor the fact that said eyes gazed lovingly at the boy who'd been locked away for two years. Harry inwardly sneered. The looks he was receiving from his peers were beyond irritating. He supposed he should have been used to it. What with his status as a test subject for the last few years. Still, the looks, the jeers, leers, anger, lust, even confusion. They were all rather intense leaving him with the feelings of being crowded and chained up. Like he used to be. He eyed the plate of food before him with distaste. He really didn't feel like eating. He would much rather munch on his bag of almonds and soybeans. Not this potion laced bilge. It seemed not even the Slytherains noticed the food was laced. Which meant that it was either very carefully hidden, or the effects were to subtly increase their love of Hogwarts foods. Possibly also a controlling agent or two in there. Itching beneath one of the bandages on his hand, Harry shifted his attention to his potions master. The older, stoic man was shooting him looks of worry. If one peered close enough, there seemed to be a twitch about the wizard's person, as if he longed to get away from the Head Table and join his snakes. In all probability, it was most likely the case. Harry raised a brow in question. The dark haired man moved his hand in a secret gesture that translated to 'we need to talk'. The ex-Gryffindor snorted but inclined his head before returning his attention to his full plate. Scowling, he flicked his hand and the plate was replaced with a bowl full of various nuts, which he proceeded to eat; checking every mouthful for cleverly hidden spells of potions before placing them in his mouth. It was in between his fifth mouthful and his sixth when he noted the looks that Draco was shooting his way. Bristling at the blatant lack of privacy, he dropped his bite back into the bowl and returned the stare. "What?" Draco appeared startled with being addressed and shook his head before gazing at his godfather then back at Harry. His grey eyes were calculating yet curious. "What is Gryffindor's pet doing with us Slytherins?" snapped out Pansy. Harry stiffened, green orbs hardening. His magic whiplashed down the table and grabbed Pansy in an invisible vise. Anger fairly vibrated through the room and many at the table trembled at its strength. There was only one other wizard that they had experienced such acidic fury from. Many Slytherins vowed to stay out of Harry's way. They didn't know what happened to cause such hatred, but they weren't foolish enough to mess with it. Draco gasped as the rage reflected in beautiful green eyes and wished, suddenly, to know what had happened to bring about this lovely creature. Pansy struggled against Harry's magic but no one jumped to her rescue. "I am no ones pet. Not Gryffindor's. Not Dumbledore's, not yours." the bandaged teen finally rasped, his words becoming hisses whenever he encountered an 's'. He squeezed harder, an unholy glee settling in his eyes as Pansy turned a lovely shade of blue-grey. "Let her go. She's not worth it brat." No one questioned Professor Snape's sudden appearance, but Draco found it curious that Harry not only let Pansy go, but seemed to lean closer to his godfather when the man reached the teen's side. Harry's head fell forward, his hair concealing his face from anyone unobtrusively rubber necking the scene. "What happened here, Draco?" Draco was startled out of his curiousity and he locked eyes with his uncle. "Pansy called Harry, a pet Gryffindor." the blond drawled, interested in the way his uncle paled and Harry tensed. Then to the shock of all at the Slytherin table, Severus knelt and whispered something in the ex-scion's ear to which the brunet nodded and stood. The potions master glared at his Slytherin, who was gasping for air, and stalked closer to her. She flinched when he garnered attention. "You are lucky, Miss Parkinson. You almost died. Thirty points from Slytherin for such unsightly display of decorum, and detention with me at midnight tomorrow." With those scathing words, the professor motioned for Harry to follow him out and they both exited the Great Hall. No one but the Slytherins seemed to care about the latest development within their ranks. Draco smirked. This year was proving to be interesting. Harry winced when Severus gripped his chin, forcing them to lock eyes. Fear, sadness, anger, caring. He tasted them all as the elder wizard made sure he was alright. It was uncomfortable. It was like tasting ones own life blood. Still, of all of the people he'd been forced to come in contact with, Severus was the only one whose 'scent' he could stand. Beneath all the worry and anger, was a smokey kindness that soothed the constant bitterness in Harry's soul. Eventually, Severus let go, an apology in his actions as the dour man stood straight and sighed. He knew how much the teen hated physical touch. He had just been so concerned. It wasn't everyday that one could stare into the headmaster's eyes and come away unscathed. The Potter heir had wormed his way deep into his heart, and only the two of them knew how deeply it was buried. Though neither would ever utter such feelings aloud. "You must be more careful, Harry. The headmaster may have no further use for you but that doesn't mean he won't still hurt you. It doesn't mean others won't want to hurt you." It was said as a matter of fact, yet softly and Harry stiffly nodded, his irritation still evident. He hated being restrained. This was definitely what it felt like. He constantly had to to watch his back. He was worthless in the eyes of others, and yet he still had to watch his back. Why couldn't everyone just leave him alone? "She should have curbed her tongue, Severus. I am no ones pet." Harry seethed, finally; green eyes flashing and fingers reflexively curling into fists. The potions master snorted but moved through the room only to stop by a magicked cabinet. As he rummaged around inside it, he lost himself in thought. It would stand to reason that the teen would be so against such a term. People he had considered friends, confidants, family, had all betrayed him. He had been forced to come to terms with the fact that he was nothing but a kept pet. They had abused, tested, poked and prodded. His tormentors had mocked him, and belittled him. They of course, thought that this would cause Harry's newly acquired powers to manifest so that they could study them. They had failed to figure it out. Only Severus had. Granted it had been by accident... -flashback- Severus Snape, all around sour potions professor, glared at the thin, frail frame shackled to the wall in the dungeons beneath the ruins of the Dumbledore home. The child had been the Order's prisoner for three months now. Each member had been given numerous amounts of time with the Gryffindor, torturing him. Trying to get the teen to use his link with Voldemort to their advantage, and attempting to figure out how Harry's new found 'scenting ' ability really worked. It was almost like Harry was a human lie-detector. Or an Empath. They couldn't pinpoint how his powers worked though. They had exhausted their knowledge. Finally, they allowed Severus his turn. Up until now, although privy to the fate of Lily Potter's son, the stoic professor