I'm here! See you thought I forgot about all of you but nooooo. Summer is weird for me and I can't really focus on anything work and the pool and the amazing luck I have by having the hottest lifeguard ever at my pool. I wrote this for the Boys and Boards Contest and didn't follow the rules. I suck. So you are getting it here instead. Oh, and I dedicate this fic to my partner in stapling crime Kpiscrazy. Without you most of this dialogue wouldn't exist. Won't listen to any advice Momma's telling me I should think twice But look into my own devices, I'm addicted it's a crisis My friends think I've gone crazy My judgments gettin' kinda hazy My steeze is gonna be affected if I keep it up like a love sick crack head Your Love is My Drug~Ke$ha "Oh, no." "Yes." "God, just no." We watch, mouths gaping, at the woman on the diving board. She's cute—I suppose, in that over-forty and can still pull off a bikini kind of way. Is she cute enough to bag him? No. "It's happening." "The secondhand embarrassment…" "Just…did she really hold her nose?" "Yes. What is she doing?" My eyes are glued to the scene unfolding. He's climbing out of the water, droplets sliding down his back, and there she is at the top of the ladder. Waiting. "She's waiting for him?" "To talk to him?" "Oh my God, you can't just talk to him." And the moment is proven. You can't. He simply glides by. "There it is…the blow-off." I shake my head. "Ouch. What's worse? Being blown off by a genetically superior 18 year-old or the fact you allowed yourself to be blow off by a genetically superior 18 year-old?" "Once you take that path there really is no better or worse. It's all just terrible." Together we nod, heads ducked close so no one else will hear. I have on my trusty gigantic glasses. The ones I hide behind. I pretend they are a shield from bad bikinis, toxic tattoos and meddling mothers. But really, they are my spy glasses. So I can watch him. Who is he? He is the eighteen-year-old lifeguard at the pool. I am a twenty-four-year-old woman who is nannying for the summer, before I go back to grad school. H e is one step away from jailbait (his birthday was eight days ago. Yes, I checked.). I am not necessarily a cougar yet, but closer to cougar than high school girl. He is hot, and by hot, I mean holy crap. And by holy crap, I mean, when I first saw him, I thought he was twenty-one. Minimum. And possibly an angel sent from heaven. Or the devil. He looks like the devil in angel's clothing. Did I say he was hot? Because really, he is absolutely gorgeous. He has this back and these shoulders. They are so wide. And then he has this chest. It's all yum and stuff and I just want to touch him. Once. I may be desperate, but not that desperate, because even though he has the body of a twenty-five-year-old he has the mind of an eighteen-year-old, and I just don't need to go there. "Think of the stamina." Alice throws this pearl of wisdom out while we watch him climb out of the pool and head back to the diving board. She's Lauren's nanny, who is the best friend of the older girl I take care of, and we have become fast friends. I flat-out ogle him. I can't seem to stop myself no matter how inappropriate. His muscles are taut and they flex and make pretty curves and shapes. "I'd rather not." Too late. "When Jasper was eighteen, so was I. He wanted it all the time. I was like cool with it and everything, but not as into it as he was. If I knew then what I knew now…" "Alice, stop." Before she could respond, my legs were covered in dripping water. "Bella, Jessica scraped her toe on the edge of the pool." I inspect Jessica's foot. She's six. Her sister Angela is eight and I'm in charge of them every day while their parents are at work. "Ouch, it's bleeding a little. Do you need a bandage?" "Yes. I really, really, do. Really." She sniffs and I smile at the over-dramatics. "I didn't bring any, so I guess you need to ask the lifeguard." Alice perks up. "Did you say the lifeguard?" Tugging on my hand, Jessica says, "Come with me." "Go with her," Alice encourages, with a devil's smile on her face. I glance across the pool where he has lassoed a whistle around his neck and is leaning against the guard chair talking to the other lifeguard. "Let's go." I take her hand and we walk across the deck. "Go get him, tiger." "Shut up." Alice is right though. I should go get him. But he's too young and way too pretty. And just thinking about it makes my palms sweat. We reach the stand and my eyes hit his chest and no matter how much I try I can't look him in the eye. "Do you have any bandaids?" I ask. My eyes cannot leave his chest. His skin is so smooth. "Sure," he says. His voice is deep. Deeper than expected. "Sit over there." He points to a bench next to the guard room with a kind smile. Jessica sits down and I watch as he pushes his glasses to the top of his head and they disappear into his unruly tangle of hair. He rummages around the First Aid kit, his fingers shaking a little when he fishes out the bandage. "Here, I'll do it," I say, reaching for the package. "No, it's okay." He gets down on one knee and gently wraps the adhesive around Jessica's toe. "Better?" She nods and hops up. He tousles her hair and we watch her skip off. "Thank you…what's your name?" I say this to his shoulder. See? I can talk to him. "Edward," he says, pulling his glasses back down over his eyes. "I'm Bella. That was Jessica. I'm babysitting her this summer." "So you'll be around?" I nod and laugh. "Every day I imagine." "Hey Edward, I need you to check the chemicals." The other guard shouts over his shoulder from the chair. "Sure." He walks toward the small office near the bathrooms. "See you later, Bella," he says before disappearing through the door. "What color are his eyes?" Alice asks a couple days later. The 'Merman', as we've started calling him, is giving swim lessons to a little boy across the pool. "I don't know. I couldn't look at them." I stretch back in my lounge chair, keeping one eye on him and one on the girls playing in the deep end. "Blue, maybe?" His summer dark skin would look nice with blue eyes. "No, I think they're brown." "Really?" I look over at him, taking a swallow of water from my bottle. He's sunk below the water line, nose to nose with his student. He's wearing goggles so confirmation is impossible. "Well," she says, "His nipples are brown." "Alice!" I choke on the water. "You did not just say that." "Well, they are!" We both start laughing and she says, "That's why I don't know what color they are. I can't stop looking at his chest!" "Shh…he's not deaf." Alice makes a face. "Bella, you're young, hot, and single. Why not go for it?" "Why? Are you kidding?" "No, I'm not kidding. Why not?" I start ticking off my fingers. "One, because he's eighteen. Two, because clearly he has a girlfriend, why wouldn't he have a girlfriend? Three, because he's eighteen and I'm much older than that, and four, because even though he's only eighteen I'm pretty sure he's out of my league." "Are you done?" "No," I hold up finger number five. "And he's eighteen. Barely." I ignore my friend staring at me like I'm an idiot. She's the idiot. "Jeez, you are such a fool sometimes, Bella Swan. I'm not even sure why we're friends." "Me either, since you're so nice to me and everything." I stick out my tongue. "I can make a list, too," she says and holds her own fingers up. "One, you are a total hottie." "Shut up." "Two, I stalked him on Facebook. He's single." Interesting. I glance across the pool and try to imagine him without a girlfriend. Impossible. "Three, you're not that much older, but you are wiser; think of the things you can teach him." My girly-places may have clenched at that one. "Four, you are out of his league, which makes you the one with the power. God gave you that rack for a reason. Use it." "Um, I think God gave me boobs to like, feed babies and stuff." "Well, one day, duh, but right now you need those boobs to catch a man to have babies with." The thought of having babies with the merman was a mixed emotion. I mean, yes, I wanted to do that thing where you make babies with him, but really? He's like, barely out of high school, I don't think he even has insurance. "Bella, stop over-thinking it." How did she even know that? "Oh crap, he's looking at you." "He is not." I peeked over to where he was finishing up his lesson. He is looking at me and we have a little stare off. "I wonder what his face looks like when he comes." "Alice!" His student splashes him in the face and he looked away. His session is over and now he's talking to the kid's mom. She has on a too-tiny bikini and is getting very chummy. Irrational jealousy flares in my chest. "Think about it." "No." But I was. "Finish your lunch," I tell Jessica and Angela. "Adult swim is over in five minutes, and then you can get back in." I leave them to their lunch and sit in my lounge chair next to Alice. I am pretty sure my chair has an imprint from my ass being planted in it every day. I look over my shoulder to make sure no one is listening. The Merman is on the other side of the pool scrubbing tiles. Have you ever seen a shirtless guy with an amazing back scrub tiles? It may be the best day ever. "I dreamt about him last night," I whisper to Alice. "Oh! Tell me." "It was very PG but also very…erotic? Can something be PG and erotic?" "Yes. Absolutely." "Okay, well, we were at his house watching movies. He was wearing that blue shirt; you know the one that he looks amazing in?" She nods. "One minute we're just hanging out—the next I'm straddling him and kissing. We made out for hours." "Yum." "I could feel his beard on my chin and neck." I shiver at the memory. God, it was hot. "His breath was warm and he tasted sweet. I could feel the warmth and weight of his body." "And then?" she prompts. "And then his hands slipped under my shirt and I woke up. Stupid freaking alarm." "Ugh. Seriously, but that was a great dream." It was. I'd been replaying it in my head all day on a continuous loop. Ever since Alice suggested I go for it/him, my mind had been on over-drive. Like right now, I saw him duck under the shelter and disappear out of sight. Panic takes over when I can't find him. "Shit, do you think he's leaving?" Alice shrugs. "I'm going to go look." I slip on my flip-flops and adjust my bikini bottoms to cover my ass and adjust the top to accentuate my cleavage and walk across the pool deck. Alice is right; the Merman is hot, but young. I suspect the things I can teach him would far outweigh any