Chapter 1 A/N* Please, please, please read. Hello my lovelies and welcome back! For those who are new this is a rewrite of my original story. I have changed quite a bit and I am hoping that you all enjoy these changes as much as I do. A few things to be noted before jumping in: In the last update I got a few statements on how fast paced the story was so in the rewrite there is a much slower build. Also this is a Drarry story (fear not!) however the boys aren't actually introduced until a few chapters in (it's really only two) and their relationship isn't until a bit later. I really wanted to take the time to build on Harry's story and what is going on in the world around them. I also wanted to build on a few other characters' stories in an effort to help clarify and support Harry and Draco's. So if you are reading and wondering where they are, and where all the cute fluffy-ness and smut is, I promise its coming. In this version I have some MUCH darker undertones and some portions that may be upsetting to certain readers. It will not be as dark throughout the whole story but the beginning chapters are pretty much as dark as it gets. The notification and topics of particularly upsetting portions will be listed in the author's note at the start of the chapter. They are also marked ***Trigger Warning*** at the start and end of the triggering sections. I just wanted to say thank you to each of you who came back to my story and hello to all of you finding your way here. I hope you enjoy! Much ** DISCLAIMER: The World of Harry Potter and all its characters, places, and storyline there within belong to JK Rowling. ** 31 August, 1998 "It's been three months" a voice whispered harshly. "What do expect 'Mione. He's got some things to sort out you know." "Obviously Ronald, we all do, but school starts today. We're supposed to go welcome in the first years." " 'Mione, he'll be there, he knows how important this is." "I hope you're right" she forfeited taking a seat on the nearby couch. "I'm just worried. It seems as if he's never around or everywhere at once and nothing he says makes sense anymore. He's always going over every detail of every event. It's like he wants to know exactly what happened on days that had little effect on the war. It's all very odd." Taking the seat next to her, Ron gently placed his hand on her back, moving it in a soothing circular motion. "Has anything Harry has ever been involved in really made much sense?" He quipped before pulling her into a hug. "Come on we shouldn't be late. McGonagall will have our heads." The two stood and with a loud crack they were gone. Harry exhaled the breath he wasn't aware he was holding and stepped out from the curtains. He pulled the invisibility cloak off and draped it on the arm of the chair. Now that they were gone, he wouldn't be needing it anymore, thankful no one besides the three of them lived in the newly renovated Grimmauld Place. Glancing around the room he took note of the changes Hermione had made to the once grim home. The room he was standing in was now the drawing room, two white couches faced each other in the middle, a large rug underneath. A coffee table and two end tables with a glass top and black elegant details were in their respective places. Off to one side was a fireplace, two white arm chairs nestled in front, and on the other a black baby grand piano. Next to it was a door slightly ajar that opened into an equally elegant washroom. The walls now had black matte wallpaper and floors that matched in polished black wood, which continued into every room. There were now floor to ceiling windows with long flowing curtains, which were evidently charmed, as the exterior of the house hadn't changed. He also noted that the ceilings had been painted white and new molding had been added. The front door opened into a long hallway, as it always had, it was lit by a large chandelier and many gas lamps. On one side of the hall he could see the dining room, a large black table with the same glass top and elegant details took up most of the space. It was accompanied by matching twin china cabinets and sideboard on one wall. Above the sideboard was a large circular mirror. He stepped out into the hall in an effort to avoid seeing his reflection. Resuming his scan, he noted the stairs which were nearly the same as before: one leading up and the other down both now incredibly polished. The hall was lined in portraits, one of the most prominent of the portraits being that of Severus Snape, which hung equal in size next to what looked to be one of his parents. Moving down the hall he peered down the stairs to what he assumed was the kitchen before going to explore the upstairs. Reaching the top, he took note of yet another staircase that was obviously added when the rest of the floor had been rearranged. There was a long hallway and after checking two doors he determined it was all the same. Each door opened into a bedroom with a washroom connecting the bedrooms into pairs. Deciding he needn't check the remainder he proceeded up the third staircase which opened into a large room similarly decorated to the drawing room downstairs; the only difference being the doors in place of windows. Opening each he discovered that they contained an extensive library, a potions room, a private office, and to his surprise an astronomy room. Casting a tempus charm he became aware that he had been there far too long and quickly went back to his objective. It didn't take long to determine which room was his, mentally chastising Hermione for giving him the master at the end of the hall, and set about packing his trunk. He grabbed a few jumpers, trousers, and cloaks making sure to add both wizarding and muggle clothes and supplies. He tossed in a map of the towns he would be traveling to as well as a map of the forest of Dean: his base camp of late. Reaching into his cloak he pulled out a small gold box and opened it. Inside was the last remaining time turner. He ran his fingers over the smooth hourglass remembering how easy it had been to acquire it. "Professor please can I just have it?" "Mr. Potter, regardless of the great debt all of us owe to you it is simply not in my power nor authority to give it to you." McGonagall stated plainly looking worriedly over her glasses. "If memory serves me correct Miss Granger is in current possession of it, as you well know, and I am curious why you've come to me." Groaning slightly, he adjusted his glasses before resuming his pursuit. "Professor I would much prefer if you didn't think so little of my intelligence. We are both aware that Hermione gave you the time turner just before we left and that you are still in possession of it. I need it," He stated sharply. "Please". Minerva stood squarely, a plain expression on her face, though he could see the worry beginning to bubble up from underneath. Resigning his defenses, he softened his expression before starting again: "please Professor." She closed her eyes and sighed before turning to one of the many bookcase and pulled down a plainly labeled book 'The Riddle of Time by Christiaan Huygens'. Opening it she revealed a small gold box and passed it to Harry. "I must warn you," she stated firmly "the number of times one turns the hourglass the number of hours one travels back in time. The longest you can go without damaging yourself or the timeline is five hours and seeing as it has been less than four since Voldemort's defeat I can only imagine the worst." "I have my reasons Professor. There is some unfinished business that needs tending to." "Will Weasley and Miss Granger be joining you? It does not bode well for you to disappear so shortly after our victory." "This is something I need to do alone this time." He stated before turning towards the door. "Thank you" "Be careful Potter." He heard her say before closing the door and making his way down the stairs. The halls were ruined and lined in thick layers of dust and ash that clung to the piles of rubble; smoke from the fires still filled the air. In the distance, he could hear the shuffling of students trying to gather some semblance of normality as they made their way back to what was left of their dorms. Passing a hall, he noticed a form laying lifeless on the floor: black robes covered in ash and blood. Waving his wand, he watched as the body disappeared, knowing it would reappear in the hospital wing. He continued his wandering vaguely paying attention to the others who patted his back and thanked him. His main goal was to find any bodies and send them where they needed to be. Rounding a corner, he came upon Ron who was bent over a small body, looking moments away from crying. Stepping closer he could see the figure was Lavender Brown; her blonde hair caked in blood and face slashed through. "Ron..." He started "Greyback did this. She might have been a bubblehead but she didn't deserve this. No one deserves this." Ron choked out. "Let's send her to the Hospital wing mate." "Right, yeah." Harry mumbled waving his wand; her body disappeared and Ron slowly stood and ran a hand through his hair. "You think 'Mione would care?" "I don't think she would mind. It's pretty understandable right now." "Yeah I guess." He managed. "Uh Harry? What do you suppose we do now?" "I'm heading to my parent's grave. The war started with them and it's only right that I go see them now that it's finished." "You want 'Mione and I to come with?" Ron asked, obviously weighed down by the thought of having to travel again. "No, you take Hermione and go be with your family. They need you right now. I'm going to go see mine and I'll figure out where to go from there." "Alright mate we'll see you in a bit." Ron said placing a reassuring hand on his shoulder before starting down the corridor. Once Ron was gone Harry apparated to his parent's grave; the morning sun casting a halo around the stone. Collapsing to his knees he told them every detail about the night before. It wasn't long before exhaustion coaxed him into laying on the ground and falling into well-deserved slumber. He awoke cold and wet; the night sky above him. Sighing he pulled his cloak tighter around him. It was only a moment before he stiffened, wand in hand, and noticed the figure sitting on a gravestone next to him. Slowly rising he faced the hooded figure, "Who are you?" "I am that which you have cheated twice now. I was fond of your ancestor, where it not for the favor I found with your family, I would be angered by your disrespect towards me." It stated with a slight wave of the hand. "My ancestor? How could I have possible cheated you? I don't even know who you are." "Who I am?" The figure asked in dismay, "I am Death. Our destinies have long since been entwined, old friend." "Great, so your Death. Finally come for me, have you? Just needed to toss me 'bout a bit before killing me. Well, I'm ready