So, I kinda wrote this on the spur of things and I think it turned out pretty well. I am not abandoning any of my works and appreciate all of the joy and relation ya'll get from reading my stories. I enjoy and find peace within writing them and I'm really glad that you all do as well. I'm working on homework 'n stuff since I'm in college and this shit actually counts, but I am working on the other two stories. I hope you guys like this off the bat one/maybe two-shot. This was going to be the first time Nico was going to be alone in his cabin with him, and he was mentally and physically screaming. As he ran about the cabin, cleaning it from the top to bottom just so it would be decent, he had been texted, by Percy, that he was on his way. Perseus had never seen his cabin without some type of gigantic mess and its newly done decoration. Nico was hoping that maybe, just this one time, he could impress him other than helping save the world and almost dying, of course. In sword fighting and archery, he was an amazing athlete, yet he had only caught Will Solace's eye. Which flattered him, but it wasn't him he really wanted. He and Will tried dating after he had told Percy he wasn't his type, but only to end up with Will finding out that he still had feelings for Percy. Will understood and said that he would always be here for him when he needed advice or healing. Then they proceeded to hang out at the archery station or Nico's cabin to talk about their interests (and sometimes Perseus's traits that the Ghost King had liked). He thought about doing something creative to get the Sea Prince's attention, but all he could do was play the two instruments the camp didn't have. When he was younger he could have been an astounding pianist or violinist, but he had to move his fifth grade year where they didn't have orchestra or piano classes at the school. Then Percy Jackson came along and rescued him and his sister from that school and he ended up in the underworld and camp. Each activity or skill always had a but. Eventually, he stopped trying to catch Percy's eye and settled down for a good friend. He might as well have since he had made the first mistake of pretending he didn't have those feelings for Percy anymore. Perseus was only his friend at this point. . . Up until the golden couple had broken up. It came as a shock to the whole camp, but they had found that it was better if they had just stayed friends. Annabeth moved over to California to look for the architecture and slowly had fallen for Reyna. "We just. . . clicked, y'know?" Nico had been hanging around Percy and Jason when she had Iris messaged him. Of course, Percy being Percy, said that he was happy for her and that Reyna was a great leader and strong willed. They all knew that it just made sense. When they had hung up after talking for a few minutes, Percy had a slight solemn look to his face. He quickly pushed it away and raced the two others to the mess hall for a mass of blue food. Over the coming weeks, Nico and Jason knew that Percy needed some time to come to the conclusion that him and Annabeth were good friends and not getting back together. They spent time fighting in the arena and swimming in the lake and going on small quests and helping out the new campers. But Jason could only hang around Percy for so long since his own girlfriend required time with him. Therefore, most of the time, it was Nico and Percy talking and hanging out. Soon enough, they started talking less about Annabeth, and more about their quests, interests, and hobbies. Surprisingly, they had much in common. They'd nerd out about new superhero movies coming out and different techniques they could use during sword fights. They fell into this routine and became more comfortable with one another. Only was it this summer that he had flat out told him that he thought he was cute. However, there was also a "but" in the statements. I may like you, but it is most likely something else. I would do you in a heartbeat, but I'm afraid I'm forcing you to do this. It was getting tiring and he wanted to say or do something about it. Take an initiative like all the protagonists had in his books. Given, they were in dire situations of life or death, but still, he liked to think he had some bravery in love like each one of them. Yet when that front door had opened to reveal the Sea Prince, all conviction to get something to happen, immediately left his mind. He was once again taken in with all that was Percy. How he dressed. How he had styled his hair like Charlie's from Perks of Being a Wallflower , their character crush. How he stood there in his whole selfness, not aware of how much it truly affected him. They continued to stand and stare at one another until his hellhound, Mrs. O'Leary, had decided to run down the stairs into his arms. Another reason he had liked him. He had somewhat gotten along with both his dog and family. Which was a first for Nico. Not one of his friends had gotten along with both his quirky, dark family and hyperactive puppy. They usually thought his family had an abnormal sense of humor and unholy emotional environment. His dog was obnoxious and in your face from the moment you stepped into the cabin. But, he loved them just as they were. He finally walked into the cabin where he was still sweeping after getting his conscious back from the first few moments. He stared down at him making sure he was aware of the full foot of height difference between them, as he always did when around him. He punched him in the sternum without looking and continued to sweep as he laughed at the reaction. "You're such an asshole," Nico muttered underneath his breath. Again, he laughs and punched his shoulder. "And you're a prick, but that's why we compliment each other so well." Nico's obsidian eyes bored straight into his for a moment before he turned away to put the dust into the trash and put away the broom. Nico took a moment to gather himself with a deep and heavy breath, then turned only to face his chest. Why he always had to insert his dominance at every opportune moment was beyond him. Yet, it turned him on just the slightest. Once again, Nico punched him in the chest, hoping that he will get the hint to move. Close, but no cigar. He rubbed at the contact point and stared down at him, smirking like a cat who had just caught the canary. "So, cosplay," Percy asked with anticipation. Nico nodded to confirm and ran over to the door on the right. His room. The room that he had cleaned first because they had planned to cosplay him as Jake English. He looked around the room in fake shock since he hadn't a thing out of place, save for the graphic tee sitting on his dark grey dresser. The moment Percy had spotted the t-shirt, he smiled his biggest grin and stripped off his shirt. Nico decided to take a glance at his toned stomach before he had pulled down the Dirk tee. He had figured it would sate his urges, yet it just made them that much worse. It was obvious to Nico that he wasn't thinking clearly today. Quickly, he turned away just before Percy looked towards him. "You know," he started, "I usually wear men's larges, right?" "You hadn't told me. I don't have Sherlock deduction skills and know exactly your size in men's shirts. It looks like it fits just fine," Nico argued. Soon after, he had made his statement, Percy lifted his arms and the shirt went along with them to the middle of his stomach. Percy stared at Nico, practically just saying, I told you so. He gave a shrug and grabbed the unstyled wig off it's stand and started to place it on top of Percy's hair. "Woah, woah, woah," he exclaimed, "That wig has not yet been styled." Before he could get another word in, Nico hit the back of his head and laughed a, "No shit, Sherlock." Then proceeded to fit it onto his head. He conceded with a sigh and let him do whatever. Nico took a step back to mentally place the direction of the spikes until he looked at his face that was formed into a ridiculous display. As he turned to laugh, Percy came up behind him spit-spoke into his hair, "Am I pretty yet?" He grabbed both of Nico's shoulders and started to laugh just as much until they both had to take a breather. Nico immediately took off the blond wig and grabbed the bottle of Bed Head: Masterpiece to hold the style in. Perseus continued to stand not knowing what to do, except stare at Nico's focus. The way his forehead crinkled just slightly as he became more and more frustrated with the front not sticking up as it should have been. Or the way that he would bite his lip when trying to solve the problem he was facing. Nico had never seemed to notice the little quirks he had made him that much better than the rest. What he did notice were the flaws that weren't that big of a deal. Sure, he had a few scars from self-harm and multiple accidents on quests, but what he wore covered them. He had little to no confidence when it came to talking, but when you saw him focus, he was in his own world. Where no one else bothered him in the slightest and he could just be himself. No changing his behavior to fit the group he hung around. Nothing to distract him from his current mission. Just him in his element. That's what Percy liked about him, his ability to ignore everyone else when there was something to be learned or taught or enjoyed. Sure, there were plenty of other reasons, such as his choice in literature, or his intellect about serial killers and science. He truly was one of a kind. That was the reason he couldn't do anything with Nico. Afraid to hurt him because he didn't have for sure feelings. No matter how often he had told him that everything would be fine after because they were friends before anything else, he couldn't help but worry that he would be like the other boyfriends he had before. How each one had abused him in some way and he took it. He also understood why he stayed with them. It was his need for human contact and affection. A need for someone else to be there with him. Nico's family wasn't the type to do such. They more often poked and prodded at each other (except for Hazel). Emotions weren't tolerated and showed weakness, which also caused him to be cold toward others. He wanted to be the person that he looked at with affection and without pain swelling up in his eyes in the form of tears. The one he could open up to without fear of being judged and vice versa. Nico had finally given up. Nothing had gone the way he had planned for it go. With a deep and heavy sigh, he dropped the hairspray and looked towards Percy, "I give. There is no way that I can finish this fucking wig by the time you