Title : Playing Favorites Author : Seylin Summary : Do teachers ship their students? Let's find out… Rating : PG Warning : Slash. (Jasper/Seth). Disclaimer : This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by Stephenie Meyer. No money is being made from the writing of this work. A/N : This was a challenge from lightshadowverisimilitude (tumblr), based on this prompt: "We have to partner up in our health class to look after a robot baby and Oh GOD it's CRYING again PLEASE just stop WHY did we agree to this hell?" She wrote a story I challenged her too as well! Be sure to check it out! Playing Favorites Seth entered the science classroom where his health class had been moved to, relocated due to a leaking roof issue, with a bit of hesitation. On the large desk at the front of the classroom lay ten doll-like figures. He had been dreading this section of the course ever since he had seen it on the syllabus the first day. Yeah, he wanted kids but not for at least another ten years, he was only 19! He eyed the dolls for a moment before continuing on to a lab table toward the back of the class. At least they would have bigger desks in this room… The professor, Dr. Hanes, entered carrying two more dolls and was followed by one of his classmates, Jasper Hale. Seth didn't know why Jasper was in a freshman class, he was at least five years older, but maybe he had just put it off until his senior year. Seth wasn't complaining; Jasper Hale was some of the very best eye candy. "Alright everyone, I'm sure you are just as excited about this next section as I am," Dr. Hanes stated. There were a few giggles from the girls but more groans. "I was going to let you pick your own partners but after reviewing some of the last test scores, I decided against that." More groans. "For the next two weeks we will be covering our unit on human development from birth to early childhood. During this section, you and your partner will be in charge of taking care of these dolls, which are programmed to cry until they are 'fed', 'changed' or 'comforted'. Mr. Hale will help me demonstrate." Jasper picked up one of the dolls and Dr. Hanes inserted the power chip to its back. Immediately the doll's eyes opened and it made simulated baby sounds. Jasper held the doll away, inappropriately apparently because the doll started to cry. "Excellent Mr. Hale, you just showed us how holding the doll incorrectly will cause it to cry. You must correct this or the doll will continue to cry. These dolls are as advanced as they come right now, you will be given a simulation bottle and diapers which you must use or the doll will cry. The doll also records how often it cries and how long it takes to stop, which will be part of your grade. Thank you Mr. Hale, you may have a seat. I will assign your partners now and you will have the rest of class to get to know each other and make arrangements for your child's care." About halfway through the list, Seth realized there were not enough girls in the class for everyone to be paired with someone of the opposite sex. This didn't bother him, he could be paired with a girl or a guy, it was just a project after all. But, he could see how this bothered some of his classmates as they came to the same conclusion, mostly guys. "Seth Clearwater," Dr. Hanes called. "Yes ma'am?" "You will be paired with Jasper Hale." Seth's eyes slid to where Jasper had taken a seat near the middle of the class. "O-Okay." He watched as Jasper turned, met his eyes, gathered his things, collected their doll and came back to Seth's table since no one else had sat with him. "Hi urm…Seth Clearwater." "Jasper Hale, a pleasure, looks like we'll be working together for the next couple of weeks. Now, will I be pulling this project myself or will you pull your own weight?" His voice dripped with a bit of sarcasm that Seth missed. Seth felt his mouth drop open a little. Rude! "I'll have you know, Mr. Hale , that I have been on the Dean's List both semesters this year and I currently have an A in this class. So yes, I will be pulling my own weight. You won't have to see me at all except in class and when we trade the doll off." Jasper's green eyes watched him for a moment before he nodded. "I apologize, I just got out of a very stressful exam and I've been paired with more than one lazy partner in the past. How about we start fresh and work together to do the best we can?" Jasper held out his hand. "…Alright," Seth agreed and he shook Jasper's hand. "What's first?" "We have a questionnaire that we are to fill out and trade. One of the items is to give each other our cell phone numbers. If I do this you won't be drunk dialing me will you?" "I don't drink," Seth stated and then muttered, "not old enough anyway." Jasper's lips quirked. "I was teasing Seth; I realize I'm the odd man out in this class." "Why are you in this class?" Seth questioned. "Aren't you a senior?" "I wanted to save something easy when I had to take a mix of three and four hundred level classes. I'd lose my mind otherwise." "Oh…makes sense." Seth set to filling out the sheet, out the corner of his eye he saw Jasper doing the same. They were just finishing up when Dr. Hanes got to them. She gave them a smile and picked up the doll. "Here is the bottle you'll use to feed when the doll is hungry. When it cries for a diaper change, just change the diaper. You both know how to hold a baby correct?" Both boys nodded. "Good, you should do just fine. Keep a journal of times for food and changing. Any questions?" "Do we have to stay together?" Seth asked. "I mean, my schedule won't match up with Jasper's." "Of course not. I recommend alternating days, that schedule is up to you." With no other questions she moved onto the next group. Neither noticed when she glanced back at them and made a note on her chart. "So…what's your schedule like? One of us could take the doll today through say…Wednesday? And then the other have it until Sunday?" Seth offered. "That works for me. I have a night class on Wednesday evening but we could meet for supper before and trade," Jasper replied. "I'll take the doll first, alright?" "Okay, you have my number if you need it." -x- Seth slipped his wallet into his back pocket as he entered the smaller cafeteria on campus, this one stayed open longer than the other but had less variety. He didn't mind, they had really good chicken sandwiches here. Looking around, Seth didn't see Jasper but knew he would be here, it was Wednesday, time for them to trade the doll. He got in line to order his food while he waited. Jasper had texted him a few times over the course of the past few days. Mostly it was just giving him updates about the doll to make things easier when they switched. It seemed to be on a four hour feeding schedule and a two hour changing schedule, except for at night when it varied from four to five hours. They had confirmed their meeting via that way too. Seth checked his phone, nothing but a few Facebook updates. After ordering his food, Seth sat at one of the tables and pulled out a book he had brought from home. He usually didn't have much time to read but sometimes he could get a chapter or two in during the day. Losing himself in the imaginary world of faeries and knights was easy. He jumped when a baby carrier was set on the table. "Good book? You seemed pretty into it," Jasper said as he sat his backpack down next to the chair on the opposite side of the table. "Have you eaten?" "It is pretty good and I ordered." Jasper nodded. "Be right back." Seth watched him go and then looked at the doll. He had seen some of his classmates around campus with them; some took more care than others. It seemed that Jasper was one that took more care. The doll had been given an onesie and was wrapped in a blanket with a cap on its head, not to mention the carrier. When Jasper returned, Seth had gotten his food and put his book away. He hadn't taken a bite of his food. "You waiting for something else?" He questioned as he took a seat. Seth blinked. "Oh no, I was just taught it was rude to eat with someone who didn't have their food yet." Jasper grinned. "A very southern mannerism. Where are you from?" Seth laughed. "Washington State. But you're from Texas." "You remembered?" Jasper asked surprised. He knew he had written it down on that questionnaire but other than using it for Seth's cell phone number; he hadn't paid much attention to the rest. Seth blushed. "Well, I like to know who I'm partnered with…especially an upperclassman, you always seem really smart when you answer in class. You're studying psychology right?" "That's right," Jasper said, once again surprised. "What's that like?" "Interesting, something new always seems to be newly discovered or the mind developed in a way that most wouldn't predict. And, of course, how we respond to any given situation is based on our personality and background. Are you thinking of majoring in psychology?" Seth laughed. "No. I'm torn between either English or History; I'm playing with the idea of becoming a teacher." "A respectable profession, I wouldn't have the patience for it." Jasper thanked the student worker that brought his food out. "Please, eat now." They ate in silence for a few minutes before Seth put his food down. "So, what was the kid like?" "Do you want to see my notes?" Jasper questioned. "No, I want to hear it from you." Jasper blinked in surprise. He reached back and rubbed the back of his neck. "Alright… well, I think we lucked out. Overall it's been a pretty calm baby. As I told you in the texts, it likes to be fed about every four hours and changed every two, at night it varies. I thought it was pretty easy to figure out the cries, I thought the food sounded different from the changing cry and then there's a little noise it makes when it just wants to be held…kinda like a small puppy?" Seth smiled. "Why are you smiling?" "I expected no less, in the attention to detail, from you. What about the onesie and carrier?" "My sister insisted. My niece just outgrew the carrier and it did make taking the baby around on campus easier." "You have a niece?" Seth asked. "Would you like to see?" Seth nodded eagerly. Jasper pulled out his phone and scrolled through a few pictures before turning it toward Seth. "This is Emilie." A small little girl, maybe around two since she had outgrown the infant carrier, with bright green eyes and a blinding smile stared back at him. "She's beautiful!" Jasper smiled. "Thanks. She's spoiled rotten." "You?" "Me." Seth laughed. "Do you have any brothers or sisters?" Jasper questioned. "I have an older sister, Leah, but she doesn't have any kids yet. She just finished nursing school and got a job at an ER in Seattle, it can get rough but she seems to love it. I have a cousin who's a couple