Illusions A/N: Not too sure about this story - but it's been written for months, and I've revised it too many times, so I'm just going to have to call it good. Enjoy! Darkness greeted Draco's eyes as they flew open, his breath was short and desperate. The scenes of the dream flew through his mind; the pain, the blood, Harry dead in his arms, the Dark Lord victorious. Instinct made Draco roll to the left side of the bed, seeking warmth from his lover. But there was a cold pile of blankets. "Harry?" Draco whispered, his voice shaky. There was no response. His eyes widened, and his heart rate picked up. "Harry?" He asked again, his voice hitched up an octave. Silence was the only thing that meet his voice again. A thrilling hum rushed through his veins, and Draco shot up. The bed sheets tangled around him even more as he tried to kick them off of him. With a thud he feel to the floor, but the adrenaline in him didn't allow him to feel the fall. He shot off of the floor and ran out of their room. Somehow the frantic man made it down the stars without skidding and falling on his head. His socked feet skidded on the wooden floor and his arms pinwheeled to try to stay upright. "Fuck," he spat out when his hand collided with the corner that he was trying to round. "Ow, ow, damn it," he muttered, pulling his hand into his chest, but that didn't stop him from continuing his sprint down the hallway. The relative silence was shattered by the sound of glass of the floor. "Lumos," Draco muttered, holding his hands out in front of him. His hip was throbbing from where he hit the shelf that had stopped his sliding motion. "Fuck," Draco's voice rose in volume, and in the amount of annoyance that was in it. The glass that was spread out before him was the remains of a family heirloom that his mother had given him, no doubt it was priceless. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," Draco's voice broke, the words were slowly turning into sobs. Harry had no doubt left him, this stupid vase was broken, and he was alone. Draco fell to his knees. He didn't feel the bits of glass jabbing into his skin, nor did he particularly care. The blood was oozing from the wounds and tears were falling from Draco's face. "Why, why do I always fuck things up?" he whispered into the darkness. There was no answer. Draco dropped his head into his hands and let out a sob. He stayed in the position for a long time, the tears, the blood, the pitch black of the house. Harry climbed the steps up to the suite, the elevator was out of commission, again. He would have thought that living in an expensive flat would mean the elevator worked nine times out of ten, but he was wrong, it only seemed to work half of the time, and even then it was pretty sketchy. But he didn't mind tonight. He had needed some air in the middle of the night, so he had left Draco to take a walk in the streets of London, even though it was currently three in the morning. He didn't do it often, the walking in the night-time, but there was a particularly awful nightmare, a small fight with Draco last night, and the need to be alone. That was the equation that lead him to climbing the stair with just the hard yellow light of the bare overhead bulb to light his path. He could only hope that Draco hadn't woken up yet. Draco was over dramatic, and the more he thought about it Draco was probably an emotional wreck from their argument. But Harry shook his head, Draco never woke up before nine, unless, of course, he had to, and today was not one of those days. Today was supposed to be a nice day, they were supposed to spend the day together, but Harry wasn't exactly sure if that was going to happen now. He shrugged off his worry as he stood in front of their door. Harry sighed as he fished through his coat pocket, looking for the key. He looked up at the number on their door, 29, it was home, and he was never going to leave. Draco heard the lock click through a haze. He was still sitting on the ground with his face in his hands, as he had been for the last five minutes. The click brought him out of his daze. He pulled his tear stained face out of his hands and looked up at the door. It swung open to reveal a figure that Draco knew so well. The black silhouette against the harsh light was cut clean. The ruffled hair, the unzipped jacket, the skinny legs and thin body. "Harry?" he croaked, his voice raw from the tears. "Draco? What are you doing?" Harry's voice sounded smooth, and concerned. "W-what are you doing here?" "I went for a walk," Harry said, closing the door behind him and locking it. He cast a nonverbal lumos spell. The ball of light floated in between the two. "Are you alright?" he asked, hurrying over to Draco. "Y-you went for - for a walk?" Draco stumbled over his words. His eyes were turned up to Harry, who was beginning to kneel down next to him. "Yeah, I'm sorry if I woke you, I didn't want to disturb you, I just needed to think th-" "A walk?!" Draco was smiling brilliantly now, Harry hadn't left him, not at all. "Yeah…" Harry trailed off looking at Draco curiously, his eyebrows scrunched together. Draco's smile was splitting his face, he was sure of it. He threw his arms around Harry's neck and pulled him close. He rested his head in the crook of Harry's shoulder and buried his nose into his thick wind blown hair. Sure enough, Harry smelled like the crisp fall air that was about London this time of year. He smelled of the outside, of the city, he smelled so real, that Draco knew this wasn't a dream at all. "I thought you left me," Draco muttered into Harry's neck. "Draco," Harry sounded appalled. "We argued about adopting a boy or a girl-" "And I thought you were mad because we couldn't decide, and...and-" Draco cut off with a long, shaky inhale. Harry ran his hand up and down Draco's back. "Shhh," he whispered, rocking Draco's racking body. "Draco, I love you too much to leave you," Harry said fondly. "I just. I've been, you know, abandoned by the people who...act like they love me," Draco muttered, his face still hidden in Harry's shoulder. Harry cradled Draco closer to him, he didn't have anything to say so the two stayed in silence as Harry's lumos spelled flickered out, and the room was pitched into darkness. "Hey," Harry said after holding Draco close to him for what felt like hours. His knees were cramping underneath him, and he was uncomfortable in his position. He put his hands on Draco's shoulder and pulled him away from his body. "How 'bout we go get ourselves some breakfast?" Harry suggested, looking to where Draco's eyes glittered in the dim light of the moon. "It's almost four in the bloody morning," Draco grumbled. "Mhm," Harry nodded and helped Draco to stand up. " And there are plenty of little breakfast shops around that are open at this time of day." Draco was about to agree when he unfolded his legs from underneath him, and he could feel the glass in his shins, a sharp inhale alerted Harry the Draco wasn't ok. "Draco?" Harry asked, his voice full of worry. "Are you alright?" "I have some glass in my leg." "What?" "There's glass in my leg, Potter," Draco snarled, he could feel the hot blood running down his cold leg, and could feel just how deep the glass had entered in. "Lumos." Harry bent down to examine Draco's leg. "What the hell did you do?" he asked, looking at Draco's torn flannel pajama pants, he could see the blood staining the gray color. "I knocked over a present from mother," Draco sounded like a dejected child. "Was it something we should have valued?" Harry asked. His hand found the edge of Draco's pants and pushed it above his knee cap. "Yeah," Draco muttered. "We can just reparo it, it'll be fine," Harry assured him as his nimble fingers began to pick out the chunks of glass that had embedded themselves in his boyfriend's leg. "But we can't, what made it priceless was the delicate magic inside of it, and now it's dissipated now that the glass is broken." "Draco, you really can't be that upset, can you?" Harry asked and looked up to Draco. The blonde's head was hung low so that his hair was covering his eyes. Harry took his wand out of his coat pocket and muttered a few charms so that one of Draco's legs was all fixed up. "I'm not really, but my mother won't be too thrilled." "If I had it my way your mother would not put another foot inside of our house," Harry muttered darkly, remembering the last time that Narcissa Malfoy had come in. She hadn't known the boys were dating and was trying to set Draco up with a date, dissing Harry whenever she thought he was out of range, and commenting on how Draco really wasn't living up to their pureblood standards. "I know," Draco said softly, ruffling Harry's hair. The dark haired boy had started on Draco's other leg now. His fingers pinched a piece of glass that was sticking out of Draco's knee, and yanked. Draco howled and tightened his grip on Harry's hair. "Fuck," he said, jerking as Harry ripped another piece of glass out of his skin. "Draco," Harry warned, "keep still, it'll go faster." "Can't you just accio them all out, then it'll be done a hell of alot faster." "Yeah?" Harry asked, looking up at Draco while holding his wand. Draco just grunted in response. "Accio," Harry said with authority. Draco wailed. There was a lot more glass in this leg than the other, and he wasn't expecting all of the pain that hit him. "I'm sorry, oh god, I'm sorry," Harry apologised over and over. He hated seeing anyone in pain, let alone someone that he loved. "I'm good," Draco said and took a deep breath. "I'm ok, the pain is gone now Harry, it doesn't hurt, you can bandage me up now." Harry was staring up at Draco for a moment before his words hit him. "Oh, yeah," Harry brandished his wand and the wounds were clean and white bandages wrapped around his leg. "Thanks," Draco said, smoothing out Harry's hair. "You up for breakfast?" Harry asked, standing up. "Yeah, I suppose, I'm awake now." "Than go get dressed." "Can't you-" "No, otherwise the only place we'll go is into our room, and we won't come out again for a long time," Harry said. Draco sighed, that was his point, but apparently Harry was set on breakfast at four in the morning. "Where are we going?" Draco asked when he came out of their room. He had on jeans and an old ratty Ramones T-shirt. "To breakfast," Harry smiled and tossed Draco a jacket. "Where?" "In London," Harry said cheekily. Draco groaned but followed Harry out of their flat and down to the street in silence. "You're doing what you want us to do, so does that mean that we can adopt a girl?" Draco asked, catching Harry's hand in his. "Really?" Harry asked, looking over to the blonde at his side a dark eyebrow raised. Draco shrugged. "What if we just adopt a boy and a girl right off the bat, and this fight