Author's note: So, here is my first dip into the world of Twilight fanfiction. I've been reading loads of Bellisle fanfics recently and decided to try writing one of my own. Goodness knows how it'll turn out! With Twilight being set in America and me being a Brit, I may slip up with the slang or spellings of certain words, so please bear with me. I've had to use some imagination in regards to location, especially of what is in or around Forks, because I know very little about the place. If anyone wants to help on that score, please feel free as I could definitely do with the help! This chapter has been proof read by me as, at present, I am lacking a beta. If anyone has the time and patience to be one, please let me know and I will be extremely grateful. Now, without further ado, here is the story. Enjoy Not What It Seems Chapter one Oh, Forks, how I have missed thee. I tried not to lament too hard the absence of sunlight as I traversed the winding road towards my birthplace. After all, whilst lacking the glowing warmth of Phoenix, the damp weather gave the scenery a lush verdancy rarely seen outside of postcards. Raindrops trickled down the windscreen and windows, each one bringing with it a distant memory of the small town. I was five when my mom decided to leave Forks and head to a place of "opportunity" as she'd called it, thus beginning my life in Phoenix. I had returned every major school holiday to see my dad, but as soon as I went to college my visits had become more sporadic, with the last being a couple of years ago. Everything had been going so well up until then. I was working and studying hard, getting good grades and had a promising potential career ahead of me, but had managed to fuck it up completely in less than twelve months. Moving back to Forks had been Mom's idea, as she thought the sleepy pace of a small town would have a "calming" effect on me and, if I was a good girl, I may be able to return to finish my degree. But, enough about that. My fingers drummed against the steering wheel as I hummed quietly to myself. The radio in my car had long since broken and, to be honest, I rarely missed it. There was an encyclopaedic knowledge of music in my head and a long drive was the perfect opportunity to exhaust it. The ditty of choice at that particular moment was, oddly enough, What a Wonderful World . The lyrics held no particular relevance to the moment, but, for some reason, the tune was stuck in my head. I wasn't far from my destination and, if I squinted hard enough, could probably see the start of the driveway that led up to Charlie's house- my house, I should say. As I slowed, I saw a few figures standing on the porch, smiles spreading across their faces as they saw who was sat in the driving seat of the approaching vehicle. Every time I came back to Forks, I had changed in some way or other both physically and mentally, yet the house was exactly as it had been fifteen years ago. It had never really bothered me until I hit my teens and noticed that the rooms were never redecorated, or the old family pictures had never been replaced. As much as I liked the picture on the mantelpiece of my parents together during their honeymoon, sometimes I worried if maybe he was having a hard time moving on. However, he never talked about it and I never thought to pry. I parked next to the police cruiser, owned by my dad. When I was born, Charlie was just a regular officer, but time and dedication had paid off when he finally achieved the rank of Chief. The promotion hadn't been without sacrifice though, as mine and my mother's departure not long after my fifth birthday had proven. Charlie wore a small smile-which, for him was positively jubilant-as I exited the car, managing to smack my head on the doorframe as I retrieved my rucksack. "Good to see you're still the same old Bells," Charlie teased as he walked over to me. I rubbed the sore spot on the back of my head as he approached, before launching myself at him in a tight hug. I could feel his awkwardness and smiled inwardly at my revenge. Public displays of affection were not his forte. To some it could seem that my dad was cold or even uncaring, but those close to him knew better. He just wasn't the touchy-feely, openly affectionate type. I had inherited a milder form of his reserve, but there was also enough of my mom's affability in my genes to ensure I wasn't socially retarded. With a last squeeze, I ended the embrace and stepped back, glancing over at the two remaining members of the welcoming party. A middle aged man with skin the colour of warm cocoa sat in a wheelchair and I couldn't keep the smile off my face. Billy Black had barely changed since my last visit, save for more streaks of grey scattered amongst the long dark locks hanging over his shoulders. His wizened face broke into a grin as he was wheeled forward by a younger man. The third person seemed vaguely familiar, but I couldn't attach a name to the face. The familial resemblance to the disabled man was obvious as they shared the same rich, copper skin and jet black hair, although the younger man's mane was cropped short. "Hey, Billy," I greeted as I stepped towards him. "It's been far too long, Bella," Billy said as I shook his extended hand. Then, as though reading my thoughts, he motioned to the person behind him. "Jacob's changed a bit since you last saw him, hasn't he?" My jaw hung open in disbelief. Jacob ? What the Hell had happened to him? The last time I saw Jacob, he was a gangly kid with hippie hair, clad in baggy clothes and spent most of his time tinkering with whatever latest Frankenstein vehicle he had managed to put together. Now, he was...well, buff was the only way to describe it. His cheekbones had managed to cut their way through the baby fat and his jaw was sharp enough to shred paper. He towered over the three of us, easily reaching six and a half feet. "W-wow, Jake," I said, still reeling from the surprise. "I barely recognised you!" Jacob's face broke into a wide smile and it was then that I saw the friend I remembered. My last trip down here had been brief and I hadn't managed to see any of the Blacks, so it had to be at least five years since we last saw each other. Puberty may have taken a while to hit, but when it had finally struck, it'd done so with a vengeance. And he was wearing nothing more than jeans and a t shirt! Was he crazy? Even with a thick jumper underneath my coat, I was feeling the cold. "Just couldn't keep away from me, could ya?" he joked. "If I knew you'd turned into He-Man, I'd have come back sooner!" "He-Man?" Jacob exclaimed in mock offence. "That guy's got nothing on me." "Hey, control the 'roid rage," I parried, hands held up in truce. "Alright, you two," said Charlie as he rolled his eyes. "Save the verbal sparring for a drier day." "Unfortunately, we can't stay, Bella," Billy explained. "We just wanted to be here to welcome you back, but you'll have to come by the reservation soon. It's been a while since our last get together and I know everyone would like to see you again." "Definitely," I agreed. "C'mon, Jake," Billy commanded his son. "Let's give the girl some space to settle in." "Yes, Boss," quipped Jacob, winking at me before he began pushing his dad over to the truck parked the other side of the cruiser. I waved as they drove off, before turning to face my dad. He was looking at me, but I couldn't read the expression on his face. That was nothing new, but this time his features were especially inscrutable. Before I could query it, he walked over to the trunk of my car and opened it. "You must be tired after the journey," he said as he hoisted a couple of duffel bags over his shoulder. "Did you drive all the way?" "Yeah, but it wasn't too bad," I replied with a shrug of my shoulders, before attending to more pressing matters. "What's for dinner?" "Pizza, if you'd like," he answered as he passed me towards the house. "Or Chinese." "What, no three course banquet prepared for your darling child's return?" Charlie stopped at the front door and raised an eyebrow at me. "You do know where you're living now, right?" "The Ritz?" He chose not to respond, save for a shake of the head and some chuckled murmurings. As I entered the house, a smell entered my nostrils that, if bottled, could be labelled "Au De Nostalgia". It was hard to describe, but I always associated it with my dad's house. It was a sort of woody, earthy smell, mixed with tobacco and whatever aftershave Charlie had religiously stuck to his entire adult life. Occasionally I'd get a whiff of a similar scent back home and it always brought my thoughts straight back here. I chastised myself for referring to Phoenix as home. Forks was my home now, at least for the time being. I had to remember that. I followed Charlie up the stairs to my old bedroom and he dropped the bags on my bed. My eyes slowly examined the rectangular room as I placed by rucksack beside the duffel bags. So much had changed since I last slept in here; it was hard to believe it was only just over two years ago. Upon completion of a full three hundred and sixty degree scan, I saw Charlie stood in the doorway, lingering. He looked awkward, as though he wanted to say something. I wasn't sure just how much Mom had told him and braced myself, wondering how he'd go about it. If he had considered broaching the subject, his next sentence proved he'd clearly thought better of it. "I'll let you get reacquainted with your room," he said, before asking, "Chinese or pizza?" "Um, pizza," I decided. "Hawaiian?" "What else?" He nodded before closing the door behind him. I stared at the wooden door, off-white paint chipped with wear and tear, before letting out a sigh and plonking myself down on the bed. Well, that could've gone a lot worse , I reasoned, trying to ignore the teeny little part of my brain that actually longed to talk to him. I knew we'd have to discuss my reason for coming here eventually, but the majority of my brain wasn't feeling up to it quite yet. Before I could drag myself down into thoughts of despair, I unzipped the bag nearest me and began unpacking. 000 I bit down on my second slice of pizza, trying to desperately catch up with the impossibly long string of cheese threatening to drip onto my jeans. I was laid out on the sofa and Charlie reclined in the armchair next to me as the highlights of some kind of sporting event played out on the news. I wasn't a sports fan, unlike my father, but I didn't mind watching it for the moment as it allowed my brain to switch off for a while. As the commercials came on, Charlie sat up straight and placed his beer on the floor, before hitting the mute button on the remote and turning towards me, his forearms resting on his knees.