Jasper (Jason and Piper) Relationship Jasper (Jason and Piper) Relationship I don't like Jasper. I don't hate them (although it's almost up to that point), but I really, really dislike them together. Period. Sorry, it never worked on me. I just don't think that it would ever work on me. Ever. Maybe even for the others out there. I have a lot of issues about Piper, as can be seen in this discussion, but I realized that it usually stemmed out from their relationship with one another. I don't know. For me it was a bit ….off. So I made this, after all of the things that I've read about Piper, Jason and pretty much about the Jasper relationship. This may be a cross-over between Piper, Jason and Jasper issues. To be honest, I intended for this to be 'I don't like Piper McLean', but like I said, I also had a lot of issues about Jason and the Jasper relationship. So pardon me. These are my opinions. I respect other views as well. Most of the things that I've posted here are my thoughts and other speculations that I've gathered from other bloggers rolled into one. Sorry if I may not be able to give credit to each of them, but to all of them, my deepest gratitude to you. There are a lot of things to say about the Jasper relationship. But let me start with Piper. " Hey," Jason croaked. Piper was so startled she dropped her knife. "You're awake!" " Don't sound so surprised." Jason touched his bandaged head and frowned. "What … what happened? I remember explosions, and -" " You remember who I am?" - Mark of Athena, p. 104 . .. … …. What? WHAT ? I almost threw the book across the wall. Oh my gods, why haven't I noticed this before? As I read her chapter, it only got worse. As much as I want to appreciate you, Piper, however it really got into my nerves. I mean, we all know that your boyfriend is an amnesiac and that he got hit by a brick, but please, is this out of concern or is this about your insecurity over Reyna? Please, Piper. Please. To be honest, out of all the couples in the HOO series, I feel like the Jasper relationship is kind of …. I don't know, forced? In my point of view, I never had any problems about the relationships that's been going on the HOO series, (although there still some tiny little things about Leo and Calypso, but it's okay, I guess), but what I've been having an issue of is with Jason and Piper's relationship. There are a lot of them like their initial relationship based on FALSE memories, Piper claiming Jason to be hers, then 'They're a couple? Like really?' and Piper's issue whenever Jason mentions Reyna name. Take note, MERE mentioning of her name, the HOO series is littered with it. First things first about their initial relationship. As we all know in the Lost Hero Series, Jason woke up in a bus holding hands with a very pretty Cherokee girl. Apparently, she seemed bothered when he could not even remember her name and with her best friend, commenting how he was acting weird. Later on, we get to see that Jason is actually the praetor of Camp Jupiter exchanged with Percy Jackson, as part of Hera's 'awesome' plan. But in the end, wow miraculously, they ended up liking each other. Or so we thought. The problem that I have in here is that, it was already blatantly obvious that their relationship is based on false memories, but it seems that Piper is clinging to it. There are times when I feel like she wants Jason and her to be an item because according to Hera they were an item. Won't it be like, I don't know, give him time, perhaps to sort things through? Piper's initial reaction when Drew tried to flirt with Jason was completely out of control. Sure, we all get jealous and all that, but really, do you really need to threaten someone just to justify your place? Given the fact that they were not yet together, shouldn't she just let things flow and see if they really are for each other? Jason had a lot of things going on in his mind and yes, Piper, you are important, as well, but it really irritates me how she seemingly tries to push herself into him. To the point where she even leaves her friends behind just to make sure she is with Jason 24/7. When I read Leo's POV on Mark of Athena and how he spent months building Argo II, and feeling left behind because he feels that they need 'space'. I don't know, it kind of irked me. Sure, couples need to have time on their own, but leaving your friend to do the dirty job for months is a sorry excuse for that. I don't know about you, but I realized from the very beginning of Lost Hero and maybe even, until of the Blood of Olympus, Piper really is possessive over Jason. And with that attitude on hand, holds a danger to their relationship. Since I've pretty gotten Piper claiming Jason to be hers part, let's now talk about 'They're a couple? Like really?' Really? Really. I was actually surprised, I mean a hell lot of surprised when I read that Jason and Piper are already a couple and we have to actually believe that it's serious romance. My mind started to buzz as a train of thoughts entered my head, 'How is that possible?' 'Did they, I don't know, do an above the skies kiss or something?' 'Wait, what about Reyna?''Have he already recovered his memories?' 'Does he even remember anything?' I don't know. The first thing he did when he came to Camp Jupiter was ask Reyna if he could tour Piper around. What ? You've been to Camp Jupiter since you were, I don't know, 2 years old? Wouldn't you be greeting your friends or ask Reyna how she is? Couldn't you just take a break from Piper? What ? Honestly, I felt nothing but rage for what Jason did. That has got to be the worst thing that he ever did to Reyna. That was soooo … vain of him. Can't he see that Reyna is hurt about it, or does he need a brick just to see the pain in her eyes. Wow, our ex-praetor of Camp Jupiter. But Piper? ' Jason hadn't ever been Reyna's boyfriend, not really.' Way to go, Piper McLean. I am so proud. To me, it seemed like so long as Jason is hers, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if other's feelings are hurt about it, it doesn't matter if she has to choose, so long as Jason is still with her. There was a blog that I've read about Piper McLean and I completely agree with her when she said that Piper is actually in the best situation to resolve the broken bond between Jason and Reyna. But she is too selfish, too possessive to ever let that to happen, because she fears that she will lose Jason. She fears that if Jason remembers his old life, he will leave her for Camp Jupiter. Speaking about Jason' past memories, I am not entirely convinced that he had recovered his memories, just as Percy did. Hell, I don't even think he recovered more than half of his conscious memories or whatever you call it. Which made me think, that maybe Piper took advantage of the situation. I don't know, maybe Piper just want them to be 'together' that she wants them to be in a relationship without even assessing whether or not Jason has gotten a grip of his forgotten past. Or maybe, she doesn't need his consent, all she needs is him. There are a lot of theories that maybe, just maybe, Piper has been manipulating Jason, unconsciously. Remember dudes, she is a charm speaker. A charm speaker has the ability to make people follow their commands. Although, as seen in the HOO series, Piper's charmspeak doesn't always work all of the time, however, there are interesting things that I've realized. Piper is a child of Aphrodite, no hard feelings about that. Each child of particular god or goddess, has their own source of power. For instance, for Annabeth, is her brain. Things may not always go in the way that she wants it, but when focused on something that she desires, nothing can stand in her way. And she usually gets it. Now for Piper. Children of Aphrodite, regardless of their personalities and powers, has an intimate connection to emotions. Charmspeak doesn't always work all of the time, however, it usually finds its power through its wielder. As for Piper, her power lies in her emotions. She acts through the impulses of her 'heart'. A charmspeak becomes powerful if the charmspeaker puts her heart and soul into it. I do think that to some extent, Piper may have wielded this power over Jason. Remember, what she has are her words, but her words have subtle yet deep impact on those who can hear it. She charmspeaked Jason from his imminent death, how much more of things that is not as grave as that? Given the fact that she practically claimed Jason is hers, can make you question on whether or not she is actually planned for his 'capture.' A capture that doesn't necessarily extend to blind dates or the help of fellow campers in pushing their boat and have an underwater kiss, but through words. Claims like this might be baffling to some, but I've come across other blogs and comments and it was interesting to note that Jason seemed to be the only one who noticed her kaleidoscope eyes. Interesting. As far as I'm concerned, people noticed her beauty but not her eyes. The only description that I usually get is 'she's trying so hard to downplay her beauty.' Okay. Fine. We get it. I don't need to be reminded of how pretty she is in every paragraph. Whether or not that claim was right, it did make me curious. Why only Jason? Why not also Leo? Or Annabeth? I mean, she claims to love her friends, so if she loves them maybe they could get access to her beautiful, kaleidoscope eyes? Or maybe it's because of the sheer power that not only emulated through Piper's words but also her mind? But maybe, Piper does not have to resort to mind control, although charmspeak and mind control may seem similar. But in my opinion, they tend to differ. Mind control, although, like charmspeak needs to be uttered in words, however, once the wielder becomes more advanced, they don't need words; they control the person through the mind. Call it telepathy, but with a load of effect. And I don't think that if Piper is not only a charmspeaker but also a mind-controlling beauty queen, I mean, if she does maybe we could have seen it, red-handed. Although you may point out that it contradicts the subtle yet deep impacts of charmspeak, however, the thing with charmspeak is that although it needs to be uttered in words, it is more 'subtle' compared to mind control. Usually, the victims don't know that they've been charmspeaked, hell, maybe even the charmspeaker doesn't know that they charmspeaking. During the Mark of Athena when Piper and Jason were coming up with a plan to defeat Hercules, even Piper herself noticed that Jason seemed 'dazed', but she quickly shrugged him off of it. To some extent, charmspeak is more like a subtle sedative. It might seem harmless at first, but the more intake you have of it, the more it grows on you before you realize what is going on. But of course, you may control the mind, but