May 29 th , 1992 Harry stood dumbly in McGonagall's office with his thoughts scattered. In front of him was a sobbing Mrs. Weasley, a solemn Professor McGonagall, and a saddened Mr. Weasley hugging Ron. Harry was standing by the fire of the office, and despite the warmth of the hearth, was still chilled by an experience that most grown wizards and witches would have been frightened by. It did not help that he was also somewhat wet, both with sewage water and blood. The primary reason for his unsettled mind, however, was neither the current damp quality of his robes or the fact that he had just faced down and killed Salazar Slytherin's one-thousand year old basilisk. No, it was the fact that Harry had failed, and now Ginny Weasley was dead. Earlier Harry entered the long, dimly lit chamber. The entire space had a green glow to it, and the snake motif continued throughout the hall. Harry slowly moved forward, wand out, checking each of the pillars on either side of him that straddled the main path for any signs of impending doom, mostly of the basilisk-related variety. There were a considerable number of tall pillars, and each one seemed to possess carved stone snakes that threatened to leap out at him whenever he looked away. As he neared the last row of pillars, a great statue of a wizard came into view, as tall as the ceiling and made of stone. And by its feet lay Ginny's prone and pale form. "Ginny!" Harry sprinted over to the body of his best friend's sister, placing his wand down while falling to his knees and using both hands to grab her shoulders, hoping beyond hope that she wasn't dead. She didn't respond. Her face was pale, her body cold, her eyes closed… and not petrified. "Please don't be dead! Ginny, wake up!" Harry desperately said, almost whispered, gently trying to shake her back into consciousness. "She won't wake," came a soft voice from behind Harry. Harry spun around quickly at the sound, still on his knees. A black-haired girl was leaning against one of the nearest pillars while looking back at Harry. She blurred at the edges, as if not wholly there. "Wh-who are you?" Harry stuttered, shocked by the presence of another person in the Chamber of Secrets. He relaxed a bit after examining her uniform for a second, realizing that she was also a Hogwarts student, albeit an older Slytherin. She smirked. "I'm Tom," she lazily replied, looking off past Harry's head into Salazar Slytherin's statue. "Tom – Tom Riddle ?" She nodded. "But, you're a … girl." Harry was somewhat bewildered – after all, he had never seen a female Tom before. Riddle glared back at him. Finally, Harry shook his head, and returned back to the worrying issue. "What do you mean she won't wake?" Harry asked. "She's not, well…" "She's not dead." Harry let out a breath of air he didn't know he had been holding. "But only just." Harry glanced up at that, finally looking at Riddle directly and taking her figure in. She was fairly tall, taller than he was at any rate, and her angular features, high cheekbones, and silky hair only contributed to what Harry could describe as 'pretty', though there was a look in her eyes that detracted from the attractiveness of her form. Riddle was also young – she looked like she could still be school, and not more than a few years older than Harry himself. "Are you a ghost?" Harry questioned, uncertain of how Tom Riddle appeared here in this form. "A memory," responded Riddle, her voice quiet. "Preserved for fifty years in a diary. And if things go right, I'll be more than a memory momentarily." Harry glanced at the feet of the statue, where a diary – Riddle's little black diary, the one he had found in Myrtle's bathroom – sat. "You've got to help me, Tom." Harry, doing the best he could, tried to lift Ginny off the ground and slung her across his shoulders. Bending, he went to pick up his wand where he left it, only to discover that it had vanished. "Did you see my –?" Harry looked up at Riddle, and found his wand in her hand. She was examining it while twirling the wand around between her long slender fingers. "Thanks," Harry said, strained with Ginny's weight, as he reached out to receive the wand from Riddle. It didn't come. Riddle's mouth curled up in a smile, though it looked to have little happiness and a lot more of what Harry would describe as malice. "We've got to go," said Harry urgently, glancing around. "If the basilisk comes back…" "It won't come until it's called," Riddle replied, still playing with Harry's wand. Harry knelt to gently put Ginny back on the ground at this, unable to continue carrying her weight. Slowly, he stood back up, all the while looking straight at Riddle. This all seemed very odd – there was something else at play. "How did she get like this?" Harry asked, still eyeing Riddle and his own wand in her hand. Riddle pocketed the wand before replying. "Ah, well that's an interesting question," Riddle said, a pleasant tone in her voice that contrasted with the grim smile on her face. "I suppose it's because Ginny Weasley poured her heart and soul into something she did not understand." "What are you talking about?" queried Harry, confused. "The diary," replied Riddle. "My diary. Little Ginny has been writing all of her fears and worries into it for months, telling me everything that she was thinking about: her family, her school experiences, and most importantly, you, about how she felt like she was never good enough for the great Harry Potter…" Riddle's eyes bored into Harry, a hungry gleam staring right into his soul. "It was dreadfully boring, the silly troubles of an eleven-year-old girl. But I was patient, I wrote back, I was kind, I understood her. Ginny simply loved me. I was like the friend she could carry everywhere and talk to at any time." Riddle laughed, the coldness of which did not match her rich soft voice, and the laughter put Harry on edge. It seemed so familiar to him… "The more Ginny wrote to me, the more I grew stronger. Eventually, I gathered enough strength, far more than little Miss Weasley herself had, and I could begin pouring some of my soul back into her." Riddle huffed a bit. "She did begin to suspect that something was wrong, however, and after some time, she tried to dispose of the diary. Of course, imagine my delight when the person who picked it up after that was none other than you, Harry Potter, the one I had wanted to meet and talk to for so long." "And why did you want to meet me?" said Harry. His emotions were a mix of anger at Riddle for whatever she had done and concern for Ginny, whose condition he knew could only be getting worse in this miserable chamber. "Well, Ginny told me all about you, and your fascinating history. I had to find out more about you, so to gain your trust, I told you all about my own fifth year, about my great capture of that oaf Hagrid." "Hagrid's my friend," Harry responded, the wrath in his blood turning into shakiness in his voice. His fists were clenched. "I thought you had made a mistake, but you just framed him, didn't you?" Riddle laughed that cold laugh again. "It was my word against his, and no one disputed mine against someone who everyone in the school knew liked all of those exotic creatures. The stupidity of Dippet and the others, believing that someone as foolish and weak as Hagrid could be the Heir of Slytherin. Only the Transfiguration teacher, Dumbledore, didn't fully believe me. He never had…" Riddle trailed off at the end. "I bet Dumbledore saw right through you," Harry grinded out, his teeth gritted. "Well, in any case, I was unable to complete my goal then, but I knew that by preserving my sixteen-year-old self in a diary, I could one day return to finish what I had not completed." Harry had a triumphant look at this. "You've failed again then. No one has died, not even a muggle-born. The Mandrake Drought is near finished and soon everyone will be all right." "Haven't I told you already," whispered Riddle, "that killing Mudbloods doesn't matter anymore? My new target is you, and it has been for many months now." Harry stared at Riddle, confused and more than a little curious. "Why?" "Isn't it odd how a baby defeated the most powerful wizard of all time? How you escaped with little more than a scar when Lord Voldemort's powers were shattered?" Her eyes had an almost red gleam now, though it could have been a trick of light. "Why do you care," Harry replied, slowly. "Voldemort was after your time." "Voldemort," said Riddle, her voice now soft and quiet. "is my past, present, and future." Pulling Harry's wand from robes, Riddle waved around her wand, writing out her full name. TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE With a simple swish of the wand, the letters swirled around, re-arranging themselves. I AM LORD VOLDEMORT "You see? It was a name I was already using at Hogwarts, only to those closest to me, of course. I was never going to continue using the stupid name of my muggle father that my mother, at the end of her life and wit, chose for me in delusion because she thought I was a boy. No, I fashioned a name that everyone would remember, that everyone would fear when I became the greatest sorcerer in the world!" Harry stood numbly staring at Riddle, whose rather pretty face had been twisted in the throes of her speech into something far less appealing. And then he realized the greatest twist of the speech. Voldemort was a female? Harry was absolutely shocked. He believed that Voldemort had always been male – no one ever said anything to the contrary. He remembered a cold laugh and green light as a baby, but that reasonably could've been from either a male or female, given the vagueness of the memory. The wraith in his first year, as well, on the back of Quirrell's head had little in the way of distinctive features for either sex; it wasn't much more than just eyes, a nose, and a mouth. "You're not," Harry finally responded, his brain coming to grips with the whole situation. His voice was harsh, especially as he connected this school-aged student to his parents' murderer. "Not what?" Riddle snapped back. "Not the greatest sorcerer in the world. Sorry to disappoint, but Albus Dumbledore is, and everyone in the world knows it. Even you didn't dare to attack Hogwarts at the peak of your power. Dumbledore has seen through you since you were at school, and you're still frightened by him now." Harry breathed at the end of his long tirade, having vented some of his anger. Riddle's smile had been replaced by an ugly look, a glare far more malicious than when Harry had first exclaimed that Tom was a girl. "Dumbledore has been driven out of this castle by my mere memory!" "He's not as gone as you might think!" Riddle opened her mouth to retort, but a sudden cry stopped her. Music filled the chamber as a crimson bird flew in, its feathers glittering. It dropped a raggedy thing – Harry quickly realized that it was the school sorting hat – at his feet, before landing on his shoulder. "That's a phoenix…" Riddle whispered, staring at it. "Fawkes?" Harry questioned, curious about why the old bird had come. Then Riddle began to laugh. Her laughter rang out, echoing throughout the chamber as it increased in intensity. "Back to business