People called him Hairy, but he had from a very early age rejected that. To himself he was always Harry. (In moments of confidence (hubris) and hope (delusion) he even dared to fancy himself Harry Dursley ) But a name never even spoken would not change anything. Harry was a deer, a roe deer to be precise, and just like that, the world dismissed him. Not that he hadn't tried to convince himself he was actually human, that his deer body, even the Dursleys were all part of some elaborate delusion. Why he would do that to himself was beyond him, but he liked this idea, because it offered him the possibility of waking up. Whenever he convinced himself of this he would run headfirst into the wall, step on the firecrackers Dudley left lying around oh-so-surreptitiously on the lawn, anything, anything that might pull him out of his own mind and into what could only be a real life. So far he had yet to transcend reality, and had only a lot of injuries that would have been the death of him if he lived in the wild to show for his numerous attempts. (The Dursleys were convinced theirs was a particularly stupid deer.) Like other mammals, he could not recall his own beginning. All he had ever known was the garden behind 4 Privet Drive and the Dursleys. He did, however, know that he had not always been unhappy. He was not sure when he had become self-aware, no one is, though he had vague recollections of the day he ceased to be happy. This day was probably the only real recollection he had, not because of its importance, but because this was the only event that ever stood out in his dull life. Even so, he had been very little at the time, so it was more split into flashes and feelings, accompanied by the knowledge of what had happened, than it was a single coherent, detailed memory. What happened was roughly this: Harry, a bit shorter than Petunia's garden chairs and slightly unsteady, had approached Dudley, who had been knocking two Lego figures together (the slow finesse of sticking them together to create something escaped him. His was a spirit of destruction and being entertained). He wanted to play and be friends. He had known that Dudley had feet instead of hooves, he was not blind, but he was very little and thought this no more an obstacle than gender, or skin colour. Dudley was not so innocent. His memories were fussy, he wondered if there hadn't been things being thrown as well, but the boy had at least screamed. That he knew. Loudly. Vernon and Petunia had come running at the racket, and a shocked Harry had been kicked and pushed back behind the house, where Vernon had tied him to the fence. That day was important because he knew, intrinsically, that before he had assumed his life to be a good and positive thing. After came the dreary existence he had to accept every day ever since. His spirit had been stepped on that day, and it never got back up. It was his Rubicon. When Vernon at last released him from the fence he did not move. Where would he have gone? Time had slowed to a crawl. He watched Dudley go from being a kindergartner to a schoolboy, and he watched the Dursleys enter and leave the house, have celebrations and friends over and live . His own days were so monotonous, waking up and eating and shitting and rewind, he had not been much older when he realized he was pretty much living the same day over and over. Snow, the edibility of grass and the changing leaves were his only interactions with the passage of time. His was a bizarre little existence and he suspected it might have been the most meaningless one that had ever been. (If the sum of a life is determined by its consequences for others, then Harry had no influence over his equation at all, as he held no power over others. He had heard of the butterfly whose wings start a hurricane on the other side of the world, but that only made him feel worse. His was even less than the might of a dying larvae. His own insignificance galled him. What was the point?) This is not to say he was so self-absorbed as to think himself the only one in the world who suffered or lived in monotony. Sheltered though he may be, he knew that humans could be sad too. And yet he could not imagine a thing more wretched than he, for no matter how desolate or pitiful, a human would communicate with others at some point in their lives. Even if they were stillborn, severely brain damaged or tortured everyday in a hole in the ground, their peers would still know they were handling human beings, and so they were acknowledged. Their mothers would know they had born a human. Harry would never be afforded such a luxury. This is not to say that he took his uniqueness for granted. Because if he could be a deer with the mind of a man, how could he know that other animals did not have human minds too? Who was he to say that all living things were not intelligent? If it were so, did that mean they too lived in melancholia and isolation, or were they all content knowing their place in the world and he the lone freak? If yes, how could they not feel lonely when only humans were capable of speech? Or was there some language he did not know? (Was the world a place of enslaving and eating the barking and meowing screams of the helpless? Petunia swatted flies with clinical precision and Vernon had mousetraps lying around. Were they murderers?) Might there be a whole world of intelligent animals out there, perhaps even a clandestine civilization? If so, then why was he not part of it? Had he been excluded? Why? He approached other animals. He trotted over to Mrs Figg's and tried to communicate with her cats. They ignored him. His attempt at trying to socialize with Mr. Webster's dog quicky devolved into them barking at each other and Mrs. Webster running for the camera. He felt ridiculed. Scratch that, he felt terrified. There was nothing, nothing whatsoever indicating that other animals were intelligent. He had to assume that he was alone. Which in some ways made him the first man, the modern Adam of a new world. But there was no Eve to tempt him, no God to disobey… Oh. Was it God who had created him? It would explain so much, if not everything. God created man in his own image, and while mankind presumed this to mean that he too had arms and legs and was human enough to even have a son, Harry realized that they were mistaken. Divinity lay not in their dominance of the world nor their forms, perfect adaptable predators that they were. Those were mere by-products. No, it lay in their souls. And Harry, for whatever reason, had been granted one too. Yes, there was the possibility that he had ben bred by scientists. That top secret labs and madmen in white coats had cultivated him on a petri dish like a damn vaccine, that his truest name wasn't Harry or Hairy but Case 395. It was a possibility, in fact a very logical one, but he desperately did not want to be. He was not a thing born of nature and reason. The thought of his struggle, of all the bizarre things about his existence and of his mind, his wonderful but problematic mind all being part of some callous experiment, funded by indifferent bureaucrats or some sick billionaire and of how there in this scenario would be some incongruous they watching his every move, observing him, taking bets on just how smart he was and how he would react to the Dursleys, paid actors, tormenting him… it made the grass in his stomach feel like heavy dirt, like mud, and he was left with the fantastical. He had to be magical. For wouldn't that make him evidence that some higher power had the savoir-faire to create life? On their own, men could claim that their perfection was their own merit. That scientists had discovered the only truth there was. Harry proved that there was some other factor, something beyond the mundane calling the shots. Somebody had looked at his not yet existing form, and given it life. He wondered if that had happened in the moment he had been conceived, or if the facts of his life had been weaved into the tapestry of the Universe at the Dawn of Time. If he was fated to exist, or an impulse decision- or an accident. He wondered if it had been a mistake, if there was a child wandering somewhere, in perfect health but as basic as any beast. He wondered if its parents loathed their freak like the Dursleys loathed him. Or if there was any sentience behind the divine at all. Being a thinking deer was such a bizarre situation, there had to be some greater underlying reason behind the joke that was his existence. He had no way of proving anything, but he wanted there to be a reason for it all. Or did he? Assuming that God was indeed real, and had chosen to create him, Harry could be none other than the Chosen One. (He felt safe in assuming he was the only one. If he wasn't, he would have known, of this he was sure – or else there were others, but they had made nothing of it and remained in obscurity.) Following that line of thought, Harry contemplated his own significance. This had to change his outlook on life. Right? He could be that which had been sought after since the dawn of Man. He could be the proof of God. If he were to somehow prove his sentience to the rest of the world, like Darwin had proven Man was evolved from apes, there would be a philosophical reckoning. Harry would, without disproving nature and the discoveries that had been made, set a question mark behind near every conclusion man had come to. He would make God impossible to deny. Or not. The practical details of his vision put a spoke in his wheels. At the end of the day he was still a deer, and there would be those who would scream blasphemy at the thought of someone like him spreading the word of God. If he was believed at all. He had no way of proving that he wasn't just another trained clown, there to entertain the masses and make his trainer very rich. When Helen Keller, wealthy and human as she was, finally spoke, the world had been excited to listen. Harry would be at the mercy of the masses. It would be a flip of the coin, a game of chicken. Who would want to be the first to be believe in God's Deer? Harry could be a venerated prophet or a dismissed Cassandra and his inability to speak would make him unable to influence the outcome. And how he was even supposed to get that kind of attention in the first place? The Dursleys would not want to help him, they abhorred all things abnormal, and Harry was painfully aware that he would very literally be considered fair game if he tried to escape the suburbia. The symmetry of Christ giving his body in communion and Harry becoming steak was not worth dying over. The resistance he would meet on every step towards becoming God's prophet was overwhelming. Perhaps he was going about it all wrong. Perhaps God was testing him. But how could he possibly pass, when all he could