Hi Potterheads! Here is a new story written by me. Don't forget, I am not a native English speaker and I am sorry if I have grammar mistakes. Enjoy the story! Lilies for Lily Chapter 1 It was 1st September and a new year at Hogwarts began for the Marauders. It was their 4th year there and without doubt, the old Castle was their favourite place in the world. They were still in the Hogwarts Express on their way to the Magic School. James and Sirius were staying on a seat and Remus and Peter were staying across them. The Trolley witch has just left their compartment. "Moony, have you any Chocolate frog?" Sirius asked. "Yes. I have." "Give me one of them." "But you have already eaten six, Padfoot!" Peter commented. "Prongs, give me one chocolate frog, please! You didn't eat any of them." "You actually didn't eat any sweet." Remus added. "And you don't seem to be very talkative. What happened, mate?" Sirius asked a bit concerned. James was silent all day. He was thinking about one thing. Only one thing. He loved to joke together with his friends and laugh with them, but this time, he wasn't in the right mood. A single thought haunted him all summer. And now, it became grave because he didn't even want to eat sweets. He looked at the other Marauders and finally explained: "All summer I thought about something." "What? If you are concerned about how many pranks we can make this year to Snivellus, then you don't have any reason to worry." Sirius said amused. James smiled a bit. "No, it's about Evans. I really like her, but she hates me." "Prongs...do you want to start again that conversation about girls?" Remus asked looking at his friend. "Last year you said the same thing." "Last year I didn't care so much about this, Moony!" The three Marauders looked focused on him. Their friend had a problem that was very important for him. Outside it started to rain and the train was near Hogwarts. The four friend changed in their Gryffindor robes. "I just don't understand why she likes to spend time with that Snivellus. I am a better choice. He is so..." "Prongs, you know that Lily isn't an ordinary girl. She cares much more about good traits and friendship and kindness and things like that." "Sirius is right." Peter approved. "Do you know why she doesn't like you?" "Because I make pranks and she hates pranks." James thought a bit. He and Lily don't share any interest. Yes, they both had good marks(her marks were greater), but she wasn't very funny. Maybe the fact that she was clever and serious all the time made him like her...and of course, the fact that she always ignores him. "I know Moony, but this is me. I like to make pranks and laugh." "Prongs. I think she doesn't like you because you are always making pranks to Snivellus. If you stop making pran..." "Stop Moony!"Sirius interrupted him. "You can't tell him to stop making pranks to Sniv. This is the funniest thing." "Prongs, do you think that it really deserves such a great cost?" Wormtail added. "I don't know, friends. I'll think about this." The Express arrived at the Hogsmead station. The Marauders entered in a carriage and it brought them to Hogwarts. The castle was full of lights. Lily and Severus arrived in front of the Castle's exterior gate and entered. There were many students around them. "I really missed this place."Severus said. "Me too. It's so magical! I just love it." Lily added smiling and looking at the shining castle. "This is going to be a very nice year, I am sure!" "Maybe, if Potter and his gang will stop being such jerks." Lily knew that the Marauders were mean with Severus. He was her best friend and hated to see him bullied by the other students, especially James and Sirius. She had no idea why the Marauders always wanted to bully Severus. He was really nice and smart, a bit introverted, cause she was his only friend, but there was no reason for the boys to be mean with him. "I won't let them do anything to you, Sev." She assured him "They don't deserve your attention." "And nor yours. But, you know...Remus is really nice..." "Nice? Someone nice wouldn't follow Potter." The two friends entered the castle. Severus made his way to the Slytherins table and Lily went to the Griffindors table and sat there, between her friends Mia and Mira and strted to chat. On the other side of them, the Marauders had just sat down. "What should I say?"James whispered to Sirius. "Say hello and compliment her. Girls like this kind of things, don't they? " James stared at Lily and said: "Hello Lily! Your hair is beautiful." She didn't hear him cause she was still talking and didn't pay attention. James cleared his throat loudly and Lily looked at him a bit annoyed. "Hi Evans! Your face is beautiful." She looked at him strangely...she didn't know if that was a compliment or James was just joking. "Sorry?" She asked. "I mean...your hair is very orange..." "What are you trying to do?" "I just wanted to compliment you..." She didn't expect that from James. He had never complimented anyone. Why should he start all of a sudden to be kind? "Err...Thank you." "This is a nice evening, isn't it?" James asked trying to chat with Lily. "Yes. It seems nice."She was still shocked that she was having an ordinary talk with James. "What are your favourite classes?" "Well, I like DADA, Care for magical creatures, and err...Potions." "Potions? But you always seem to be sleeping in Potions. And when you don't sleep, you blow up something." "Yes, but you like Potions and I think that this year I will like Potions too." "Ok..." The Sorting Ceremony was over and after Dumbledore's speech, the food appeared on the tables. The Great Hall became silent while the hungry students were eating the delicious food prepared by the House Elves. After the meal, Lily made her way to her dormitory, while the Marauders followed her example. While they were walking on the corridor, James asked Sirius: "How was my conversation with Lily?" "Well, it was strange the part with beautiful face and orange hair...anyway you should have said ginger hair, but I think it was a good start." "Padfoot, how come that you know so many things about girls?" "Prongs, I have to witness you that I have a girlfriend." Sirius said and blushed. "WHAT?!" James shouted. All the students were staring at them."Why didn't you tell me that? Who's the lucky girl?" "Her name is Jane Johnson." "You mean the one tall and slim with long light brown hair? The best chaser in the Gryffindor Quidditch team? Good choice, Padfoot." The Marauders changed in their pyjamas and laid on their beds. The day was full of events and they were very tired. When his mates nearly fell asleep, James spoke loudly: "I decided." "What?" Remus murmured. "I was sleeping."Sirius added."What happened?" "I decided that I will stop making pranks to Snivellus... "Prongs?! Have you got fever? Are you cursed?"Sirius asked shocked. "It sounds weird, but this is a good decision." Remus said. "I agree too." Peter added. "Really, Padfoot, if she observes that I am kind with Snivy, then she will like me, don't you think?" Sirius thought about it for a moment and gave James a disapproving look. He wasn't sure yet if it was the best option, but it made sense. He was sure that it couldn't be easy even for James and concluded to affirm James's idea. "And anyway Padfoot, there many students that we can prank." "Well, yes. I think your right." James couldn't fall asleep because he was still thinking about his plan. He really wanted Lily to like him. Bored by the silent of the dormitory, he got up and opened his wooden chest. He took from there a piece of parchment and his wand. He whispered "Lumos" and then said quietly: "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." On the parchment some words appeared: "Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs are proud to present THE MARAUDER'S MAP" James remembered how last year, he and his friends created that map. They could see all the corridors and the stairs of Hogwarts, and more important they were able to see where every person in the castle is. Last year, they managed every month to get out of the castle in order to take Remus in a secret place where he would be able to transform in his werewolf form. The secret place was an old "haunted" Shack in Hogsmead. They were able to get there by entering a tunnel under the Whompping Willow. James looked on the map. The professors were sleeping in their dormitories. He saw Filch on one corridor and something that shocked him: Lily on the corridor next to Filch's one. But it was over the curfew...what was Evans doing there? She was always obsessed with rules and things like that. A single thing was certain, if James doesn't save her, Filch will observe her on the corridor and will tell McGonagall about her nocturne trip. James put the map in his pocket and opened again the wooden chest. From there he took a silver cloak, his Invisibility Cloak. He put it on himself and whispered „Lumos" with the wand under the cloak. The boy got out from the Gryffindor's common room without waking up the Fat Lady and made his way to the third floor where he had seen Lily. He climbed some stairs and reached on the same corridor as Filch. He was going to the same corridor where was Lily as James had expected. Without thinking, the boy turned left on the next corridor and saw the ginger haired girl. It seemed like she was looking for something. James threw a part of his cloak over Lily in the moment when Filch entered in their way. Lily wanted to shout but James covered her mouth and whispered: "It's me: James. Be quiet." She looked a bit scared in his eyes and approved, but saw Filch and murmured: "Filch is going to see us...wait, why isn't he looking at us?" "We are under my Invisibility Cloak. We have to move to another corridor cause Filch is still able to hear us." James responded again. They went straight ahead on a right corridor and reached at the Gryffindor's tower. James wanted to enter in the Common Room but Lily stopped him and pointed to the Portrait of the Fat Lady and said worried: "She will tell tomorrow to the teachers that we are outside...and about it, how did you find me? How did you know that Filch was going to see me?" James hesitated. He wasn't sure if it was a good idea to tell Lily about the map. A part of him was sure that he could trust her and she won't tell to the teachers about the secret map, but another part of him was aware of the fact that she will follow the rules and will divulgate his secret. Finally, he decided that he could trust her and took the piece of parchment out of the pocket. He said: "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." Lily looked strange at him and wandered if James has gotten mad because it was so late, but she became curious and approached James when she saw the letters that appeared on the parchment. "What is the Marauder's Map? Is it a map made by you and your friends?" She knew that James and his friend formed a well known group of prankers that was called „The Marauders". "Yeah." He answered and showed Lily the map. "On this map you can see every