A/N: This is another story of mine that I deleted until I now decided to rewrite slightly and post it back again. I absolutely love Carlisle and thinking about a younger Bella trying to seduce an older Carlisle led me write this story. I hope you like it… Disclaimer- I do not own Twilight or any of these characters. The Seduction of Carlisle Cullen Chapter One BPOV Today was the day. The day I had to leave warm and sunny Phoenix for the cold and dreary Forks. I had to admit it would be good to see Charlie again but honestly, couldn't he find a better, no not better… warmer place to live, seriously. I did feel a bit sad about leaving Mom, but I knew that it would be the best for her if she was able to travel with Phil without having to worry about me all the time. It was like I was burdening them in some way, so I knew that it was time to go and live with my Dad for a while. As I hopped on the plane I thought about what my new home would be like and if I would find a place that I fit in. I had enrolled to the only college near Forks and even though it wasn't one of the best colleges in the world, I knew I would be fine there. After what felt like many hours on the plane, I finally arrived in Forks. As I walked through the airport in Seattle, I found Charlie almost immediately. He stuck out like a sore thumb in the city, wearing his flannelette shirt, scratching his head as he tried to figure out what the screens were saying. I smiled before making my way over to him. "Hey Dad," I said and his attention was brought to me. "Bells." His face lit up. "Come here," he said, holding his arms open towards me. I happily walked into his hug and he held me tightly. "It's great to see you." "You too Dad," I replied, genuinely happy to be seeing him again. We made our way to his police cruiser and began driving back to the house that I had grown up in. The car ride was spent in silence, but a comfortable silence. Charlie wasn't really the talkative type. When we got to the house, a smile spread across my face as memories of my childhood washed over me. I walked quickly walked inside and saw that everything was exactly as I remembered it. "Wow Dad, you've really changed the house a lot," I said sarcastically. "Yeah, well, men don't do stuff like that," he replied, smiling down at me. "Why don't you go and get settled in your room and I will bring your bags up for you." Because I was living so close to the college it wasn't necessary for me to obtain residence on campus, which made my Dad happy. He was constantly reminding me of all the possible bad things that happened at college. I sat on my bed thinking about what my Dad had got up to in college as he walked into my room with my bags in hand. "What are you smiling about?" he questioned, taking in my expression. "Oh, I was just wondering what you got up to in college that made you so happy that I wouldn't be staying there." He smiled at my response. "I didn't get up to anything. I was an angel," he replied, circling a halo around his head. "Oh sure," I said and he laughed at my statement. Dad was the Chief of police here in Forks; he had dropped out of college after my mother got pregnant and joined the police force. "Anyway I will leave you to get settled," he said turning around and walking out of the room. When I went down to the kitchen later, I saw Dad looking blankly in the freezer and cupboards, obviously struggling to find something to cook, so I decided to help him. I told him to go and relax and made a simple dinner, guessing I would be in charge of cooking from now on. After dinner I was feeling pretty beat from the flight so I quickly jumped in the shower and got into bed. It was my first day of college tomorrow. I probably should've got here earlier, but I wanted to spend as much time I possibly could in Phoenix before I had to leave. As I thought about what the next day would hold for me, my eyes drooped and I gave in to the blackness. When I woke up the next day I found that Dad had already left for work. I quickly got up and got dressed before wondering how I was supposed to get to the college. Was I going to have to catch a bus or something? I quickly grabbed an apple from the fruit bowl and walked outside to see if there was a nearby bus stop anywhere. Instead, when I opened the door I saw a big, red truck sitting in the driveway. I walked up to it and saw that there was a note on the windshield. Thought you could us this. I bought it for you a couple of days ago. Keys are in the glove box. Xo Dad No way! Dad bought me a truck. I jumped into the car with excitement and found the keys in the glove box. When I pushed them into the ignition, the engine roared to life. It was a bit loud but I could live with that. I loved it! When I arrived at the college, I saw many nervous looking freshmen just like myself. I was walking up to the desk to get my timetable when I accidentally bashed into someone. "I'm so sorry," I quickly said. The boy I bumped into turned around and looked at me. "No problem," he said with a smile on his face. "My name's Edward Cullen." "I'm Bella Swan," I said, shaking his hand. "Edward," I heard a girl's voice whine. I turned to see a gorgeous red headed girl walk up to us. "Oh, hi," she said when she saw me, wrapping her arm around Edward as if to tell me to back off. "Hi," I replied. "Tanya, this is Bella. Bella, this is my girlfriend, Tanya," Edward introduced us, but I knew that Tanya already had a problem with me. "So what school did you come from?" Edward asked. "Phoenix High," I said. Edward's mouth opened as he was about to reply, when he was interrupted. "Edward, can I talk to you?" Tanya whined. "Privately." Her eyes shot back to me and I could take the hint. "Ah, I have to go. I will see you later." I walked away from them and continued to the desk. Edward was extremely good looking and very charming, but I didn't know what Tanya's problem was, it wasn't like I would ever try anything. I rolled my eyes at her jealous behaviour, but Edward seemed cool and hopefully we could be friends. When I reached the desk, I found my name and grabbed my timetable to look at the units I had chosen. Literature History Politics Business I had no idea why I liked all of these subjects, they probably seemed like the dullest of all of them, but they fascinated me. Classes began straight away and when I attended Lit and History, the professors told us the usual stuff about what to expect and how to make sure to keep ahead, basically all the stuff we were told through the years at high school. I talked to a couple of people, a girl named Jessica and this other guy, James, but he seemed a bit creepy. As I was walking to my Business class I ran into Edward again, thankfully not literally. "Hello again Bella, how's your first day going?" "It's okay, haven't really done that much. What about you?" "Pretty much the same. Where are you headed now?" "Uh Business." "Hey me too," he said with a smile on his face and I couldn't help but smile back at him. I sat next to Edward at the back of the class and we talked, well whispered, the whole time. We talked about everything- family, friends, interests, and spent quite a lot of time on Tanya. "She looked like she wanted to bite me," I whispered. Edward laughed quietly at my statement. "No, she was just marking her territory." "Yeah I could tell, but you're like the nicest person I've met here so I was really hoping we could be friends?" "For sure," he laughed. The rest of the lesson I learnt a lot about him and vice versa. I could already tell we were going to be good friends, but although I found him really nice, there was no attraction between us which I was thankful for. All I wanted right now were friends. After Business had ended, I went to my last class that also went over the same boring stuff as the rest. Once the torture was finally over I started to walk back to my truck. I had just started to walk down some stairs when I heard someone behind me. "Bella." I quickly turned to see Edward and let go of the railing. Bad idea. As soon as I spun around, my foot slipped from under me and I fell, hard. My knee slammed against the edge of the step before I fell down the rest of them. Great job Bella, I chastised myself. When I sat up I saw that Edward was by my side. "Oh God, Bella, are you okay?" he asked, helping me up. "Yeah I think so." I started to walk but as soon as I put weight on the knee, pain shot up my leg and I fell back into Edward. "Okay, I think we should take you to the hospital." "No, it's fine," I complained, but Edward insisted. He helped me to my car and put me in the passenger seat before walking over to the driver's side. "What about your car?" I questioned. "It's fine, Tanya will take it back." "You guys live together?" "No her car is just at my house. We drove here together." It took no time at all before Edward was helping me through the hospital doors and gently placed me down in the waiting room. "Don't move," he said and I just looked at him with my eyebrows raised. "How did you expect me to do that, I can't even walk," I teased. "Oh right. I will be right back." Edward was only gone for a few minutes before he came back and led me into a room where he told me to sit on the bed. "My Dad will be here in a few minutes." His Dad? My eyebrows pushed together in confusion for a second before I remembered him telling me that his Dad was a doctor. I nodded in reply and Edward retreated from the room. He had told me that he, along with his two brothers, Emmett and Jasper, had been adopted when he was a young child. Edward spoke very highly of his adopted father, Carlisle. I took off my jacket and placed it on the bed beside me as I waited. My eyes began to feel heavy; I could still feel the jet lag. Just as I closed my eyes for a few seconds I heard the door open and looked up as a tall, muscular blonde doctor walked through it. My eyes widened and my mouth dropped open slightly, that is Edward's Dad! Well, adopted Dad, but Dad nonetheless. Wow, I mean he is gorgeous. "Hello Miss Swan, I'm Doctor Cullen." The way he said my name sent a rush of desire through my body. I had never seen someone that good looking. "Hi," I