A/N: Okay so if some of you recognize this because you have already read some well it's because i have decided to re-write this story and make it longer. It was originally for a competition that only needed five chapters, but it seemed a bit rushed so i have decided to just make it bigger. So please read and hope you enjoy... Good Girls Go Bad Chapter One Daddy's Little Girl If today was your last day, what would you do with it? Okay, well it wasn't technically my last day. I mean, I wasn't about to die or anything, but it was my last day with the sun. I know it may seem like I am being overdramatic, but Forks is the coldest, rainiest, cloudiest town I have ever set foot in and I just had to be moving there . Leaving Phoenix, warm, sunny Phoenix, to move to Forks was not the best idea in the world, I must admit, but I knew that I needed to give my Mum and her new husband, Phil, some space. It would also be good to see my Dad again, considering I hadn't visited him for so long. I really should be more excited at the prospect of seeing him again, but the idea of having to start at a new school, with the weather of Forks, did not do much to excite me. My last day in Phoenix basically consisted of packing, Mum telling me that I didn't have to go, and more packing. It wasn't exactly the last day I had planned. Despite the rather boring and uneventful day I had, it flew by and before I knew it, I was walking through the airport, looking for my Dad. As soon I spotted him, standing there, looking out of place in the city airport, a huge smile spread across my face. I was brought back to my childhood years in Forks, when I was just a little girl who was spoilt by her father. With my bags trailing behind me, I made my way over to him and dropped them at his feet. His attention was immediately brought away from the screen that he was so enthralled with and his face erupted with a smile. "There's my little girl," he laughed, throwing his arms around me. He lifted my feet off the ground and spun me around, before placing me gently back onto the floor. "Hey Dad." His smile was contagious, making my lips turn up even more. Despite the absolute terrible feelings I held towards Forks, I now saw that seeing Dad would be worth it. I was his only child, his little girl as he put it. "Come on, let's get your stuff in the cruiser," he said, looking at my bags. There really wasn't that much, I definitely wasn't a heavy packer. "Oh no, you still drive around in that thing ?" I forgot about the days we had driving around in Dad's police cruiser. It was actually quite embarrassing and also rather annoying, considering every car feels the need to drive under the speed limit when there is a cop car nearby, which made every trip longer than it needed to be. "I'm the chief Bells, what else am I gonna drive?" He raised his eyebrows at me and I just rolled my eyes. That was true. He had been the chief at the police station since as long as I could remember. "Let's just go." I went to pick up my bags, but Dad quickly grabbed them before I could. "I got this," he said, easily picking them up and taking them to the car. I sighed before I opened the door and stepped inside. Dad threw the bags into the trunk, before coming to sit in the drivers seat and we were on our way to his house, well, our house I guess it is now. Both of us weren't really big talkers, so most of the ride to the house was spent in silence, which neither of us minded. I was pondering whether or not I should break the silence, considering it had been so long, when Dad coughed and began to speak. "So, ah… Bells, how have you been?" he asked, keeping his eyes on the road. "Good Dad… how about you?" This was the usual small chitchat that usually occurred, unless we had something we actually needed to talk about. I must have taken after him, because Mum on the other hand could talk for hours, about anything really. "That's good to hear and yeah, I'm good," he replied. "I did miss you though… it's been too long." "Yeah, you're right Dad." I looked over at him and saw a sad smile spread across his lips. Suddenly, I felt bad for not visiting him for so long. "But I get to see you now, that's the main thing." He looked over and smiled at me, which I happily returned. Before he could return his eyes to the road, I saw a flash of silver pull out in front of us, leading Dad to slam on the breaks. I jolted forward as a loud roar of an engine filled my eardrums. I looked up to see that it was a silver Harley Davidson speeding well over the limit, with a dark figure on top. "Son of a…" Dad began. We watched as the bike sped up further, creating distance between us. "Woah, Dad, do you have to…?" I didn't really know exactly what the deal was here. Was he meant to pull him over, or chase him, or just take his number plates or something? "I know who that is," he started, looking extremely pissed off. Obviously he had some trouble with this guy before. The bike began to disappear in front of us. "I really don't feel right chasing him with you in the car." Dad looked around the car and grabbed the walkie-talkie. "Come in, this is Chief Swan, over." "Yeah chief?" I heard a male voice reply over the speakers. "It's Cullen again." He said the name with so much distaste that I was led to wonder what this man had done. Although I would never show it, it was all rather thrilling to me and I wondered what it would be like to be on that bike, which of course I would never do. "What now?" the man replied. "The usual, speeding. He also pulled out in front of me. I'm gonna need you to contact his father… again and we're gonna have to bring him in." My eyebrows pushed together in confusion… his father? Was Dad saying that the person on that bike was just a teenager? "Rightio then, chief." "Thanks Bill, that's it." Dad put the walkie-talkie back down and put his hand back on the wheel. "All taken care of." We made it back to the house a few minutes later and it was exactly as I remembered it. Well almost exactly, apart from the red truck that now sat in the driveway. "When did you get a new car?" I asked Dad as I hopped out of the cruiser. He got out also and we both walked over towards the strange truck. "Actually… I got that for you," he said, looking at his feet and then back up at me. My mouth dropped open slightly and my eyes widened at his admission. "Are you serious?" I asked and he nodded his head, smiling at my reaction. I let out a squeal and couldn't help but throw my arms around him, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you so much Dad!" "It's no problem. You're still my little girl, Bells," he said. I smiled at his words and then looked at my new truck. It was old, sure, but it was perfect in my eyes. I loved it and I thought it suited me perfectly. I had never had my own car before. I didn't want to leave my new truck, but Dad forced me inside so that I could eat something. The mention of food made my stomach rumble and I realised how hungry I actually was. After taking my bags upstairs to my old room, Dad offered to cook me dinner, but he was never really that big a cook, so I decided that I would just cook a simple meal for us. After I had a stomach full of food and had caught up with my Dad for a bit, I felt my eyes start to drift shut. All of the packing and the plane ride had taken it out of me and I was just about ready to drop. I probably should have come a day or two earlier, considering I had school the next day. Realising this fact, I decided that I would go to bed. As soon as my head hit the pillow I drifted off, thinking about the next day, my first day at Forks High School, which should be interesting; and also a strange black figure atop a silver Harley Davidson… X X X After I was woken up, Dad had to leave straight away. He wished me good luck and gave me a kiss on the forehead before heading off to work. Now that I was more awake and aware than I was yesterday, I started to feel nervous about today. It was always hard starting at a new school and I wasn't exactly the most pretty, popular girl out there. I quickly got ready and headed out to the high school, figuring it would be easier going earlier to get myself sorted. I also really wanted to try out my new truck. It took me a while, but I finally remembered where Dad told me the school was last night. When I pulled into the parking lot, there weren't really that many people there. I guess that was a good thing, considering how loud the truck was and how much attention it would attract to me. That would definitely not be a good thing. As I made my way towards the front office, all of those stupid worries about new schools flooded into me. Would I make friends? Would any of the guys here like me? Was I going to fit in? It was all stupid teenage stuff and I felt pretty stupid for thinking like that. It was all going to be fine. Despite this, I still took a deep breath before walking into the office. I walked up to the lady at the front desk and got my timetable and a map of the school before walking back out of the room. Due to the fact that I was trying to decipher the confusing map in my hands, I wasn't looking where I was going and ended up walking straight into someone. "Oh God, I'm sorry," I quickly apologised. I looked up and a saw a cute, blonde guy smiling down at me. I immediately felt better, this guy seemed nice. Hopefully everyone at the school was like this. "Don't worry about it," he said. "Hey… you're Isabella Swan right?" "Just Bella," I corrected. I couldn't help the look of confusion crossing my face. How did he know who I was already? I only just got here. "I'm Mike," he introduced himself, shaking my hand firmly. We started to walk away from the office door towards the entrance of the school when a saw a lively, brunette girl walking over to us. She had a smile on her face also, but I didn't think it was for me. "Hi," she directed to me, but then immediately turned her attention to Mike. "Hey Mike," she said, fluttering her eyelashes. I scrunched my face up slightly, did that really work? "Hey Jess," Mike replied in the same friendly voice, but quickly returned the attention back to me. "This is the new girl, Bella Swan." At least he remembered to say Bella. "Hi