"Hurry up!" I glanced over the top of the compact at Rosalie and raised an eyebrow at her, smiling when she rolled her eyes at me. I swiped my finger under my eye, wiping away a stray speck of make-up and snapped the mirror closed. "It'll be the last dance by the time we get there" "Don't be so dramatic" I scolded her lightly, placing my hand on her back and guiding her across the road. Our heels clicked as we walked to the dance hall. The music was muffled but loud and that familiar buzz of excitement made me giddy. Rosalie linked our arms and smiled widely at me. It was going to be a good night. . My sister threw her head back and laughed at the Lieutenant's joke, their swing never breaking its rhythm. I glanced around the room, enjoying the sight of so many smiles after so many years of sadness. It was dances like this that kept you going. They gave you that brief reprieve and sparked enough hope to keep everyone pushing through. "Excuse me, ma'am" Turning around, I eyed the American soldier in front of me. He was a tall man and the cut of his uniform showed off his broad shoulders. He took his hat off, smoothing one hand over his slicked back hair then tucked his hat under his right arm. "Can I help you?" I asked bluntly, my arms crossed. "I was just wondering if you cared to dance? I saw you watching everyone and figured a pretty girl like you probably wants to join in" "I'm fine, thank you" I smiled politely as I turned him down. "Are you sure?" "Yes, I'm sure" "Come on now, one quick spin" he bargained, extending his hand towards to me, "I'm a mighty fine dancer" I did love to dance. I had spent most of the evening tapping my foot to the beat, hoping I'd get the chance for a quick whirl around the floor. My eyes flickered to the gold band on my finger. It wasn't unusual for a married woman to dance with a soldier. In fact, it was only fair really. There were so many of them and so few girls. He was such a handsome man and an officer by the looks of his uniform. One little dance wouldn't hurt anyone, right? "One dance" I warned him, trying to conceal my smile. "'Atta girl" he winked, grasping my hand in his and escorting me to the dance floor. . . I watched Emily count out the money and brushed a stray hair behind my ear, waiting as patiently as I could. A soft clearing of a throat broke me out of my thoughts and I glanced to my left to see Edward stood there, talking to the cashier. Only the wicked grin on his lips letting me know that he knew I was watching him. My cheeks flushed and I refocused my attention on Emily. She smiled kindly at me then slide the money over the counter, "There you are" "Thank you, Emily" I placed the money in my purse then dropped it back into my handbag, clicking the clasp shut, "Pass on my regards to your mother" "Oh, Isabella" Emily reached over and put her hand on the top of my mine, halting me, "I've been meaning to ask" "Yes?" "Well" she dropped her voice and leant forward, "Any news on Joe?" "J-Joe?" I stuttered. I quickly gathered my voice, "No, nothing yet" "Oh, I am sorry" I was acutely aware that Edward was still at the cashier next to me and he'd been very quiet since Emily's question. "No, no, its fine" I reassured her quietly, my voice wavering slightly, "I've been assured that it's natural not to receive letters during certain periods. They've promised to keep me informed and told me not to worry" "That's good. I'll keep him in my prayers" Edward made his goodbyes, and hurriedly walked past me and out of the bank. "Thank you, Emily" I nodded, grasping my gloves in one hand and my handbag in the other. As subtly as possible, I rushed out of the bank and looked down either side of the street to see where Edward could have gone. I blew out a breath and tried not to worry when I couldn't see him anywhere. Oh gosh, did he hear the whole conversation? What was he thinking now? I slipped my gloves on and wandered down the high street only to pause at the alleyway next to the bank. I squinted my eyes to make out the figure leaning against the wall then checked no one was looking my way before walking towards him. Edward pushed off the wall and gently grabbed my arm, pulling me further into the alley and out of people's sight. He wrapped his arms around my shoulders and pulled me close to him. I closed my eyes and squeezed him tight, enjoying the comfort he provided. "Why didn't you tell me about Joe?" he questioned quietly after a moment. "What do you mean?" "Why didn't you tell me that you hadn't heard from him?" I was lost for words as I eyed the gold buttons on his jacket, "I just didn't think you'd want me to talk about it" I eventually answered. He pulled back and cupped my chin, lifting my head up to his, "You know you can, though?" From the way he responded, I knew I'd made the right decision not to tell Edward about Joe's lack of letters over the past month. He knew I was married but we didn't really talk about it. I usually wore my ring on my right hand when we went out. He'd never asked me to, I just did. It was just one of those things. Strange things happen during war and this, this was just one of them. "I know" He smiled at me and pressed a soft kiss to my lips. "Will I still see you tonight?" I asked, like a dazed schoolgirl. "Of course. I might even have a new pack of stockings for a certain someone" "Really?" "Really. Now, skedaddle, and I'll pick you up at eight" he chuckled a little, pressed a kiss to my forehead and nudged me down the alley back towards the street. . . I felt sick as I stared at the open fire. I didn't know whether it was because of what I was about to do or just my symptoms. Swallowing deeply, I closed my eyes and fought back the nausea. My hand drifted to my stomach and rested there, protecting the precious life inside me. I jumped as the doorbell rang and I heard Rosalie open the door, greeting him. I could hear his muffled American twang and I smiled. Standing from the armchair, I wrung my hands and watched as he walked into the room. "Hello there, beautiful girl" he greeted me and pulled me into his arms. "Hello, Edward" I breathed in the smell of him, wanting to remember this moment perfectly. Who knew what was about to happen. Heaven forbid, the worst outcome occurred, I wanted to remember him perfectly. His twinkling eyes, his debonair looks, that wonderful smile. Everything. "Are you ready to go?" he asked, breaking apart and resting his hands on my hips. "Yes, but I want to talk to you first" I told him nervously, my fingers toying with his lapels, "You see, something's happened and I'm not sure how to tell you" "My mother always tells me it's best to just spit it out. Rip it off like a band aid" "Ok" I agreed, my mouth suddenly dry, "I, well, I'm expecting" "Expecting what?" "A baby" I murmured, looking down at his shiny shoes. I couldn't bear to watch his face and see his reaction. When he didn't speak, I repeated myself louder, "I'm expecting a baby, Edward" I looked up at his face and felt my stomach swirling as I saw his frowning face. "Edward?" I prompted him. "You're having a baby?" "Yes" I confirmed, "Your baby" "I see" His hands left my hips and he took a step back. I kept silent as I watched him. He ran hand through his hair and stared at the wall behind me. Scrunching up his forehead, he rubbed both hands down his face and mumbled a little to himself. I didn't know what to say or do. I just watched him process it all. He walked to the fireplace and braced himself on the mantle with both hands. "I've been so worried, Edward. I didn't know what to do" I rambled anxiously, my hands wringing again, "I was scared to tell you but I knew I had to. It's not the most ideal situation, I know. At the end of the day, it's a child though. A beautiful baby from God, and its part of you and me, and I can't help but love that" The room was quiet, only the crackling of the wood on the fire and the ticking of the clock could be heard. "Say something" I whispered. He remained silent. I walked up to him and hesitantly laid my hand on his back, "Please, Edward..." "I need some time to think" he announced, standing up straight and letting my hand fall to my side. "Ok" I nodded, only to panic as he headed out the room, "Edward!" He turned around at his name, his eyes vacant and his face drawn. This wasn't the look of the man I loved. "You're coming back, right?" He nodded once and left the room. I think I knew then though. He wasn't coming back. The way he looked at me wasn't with the love and devotion one normally would after sharing such news. He looked heartbroken and defeated. He wouldn't be returning. He had left me for good and I would now have to deal with the consequences of our actions alone. "Isabella?" Rosalie's arm slowly slid around my shoulder and she pulled me into her embrace. I burst out crying and tightly wrapped my arms around my sister. She didn't speak as I sobbed. She simply let me. She knew what had happened and she knew that I needed to cry it all out. Not because he'd just broken my heart but because he'd sealed my fate. There would be no promise of a marriage, or support or a life with him. It would be me and my baby. Alone. I sobbed harder into Rosalie's shoulder and felt her hand rub up and down on my back. I didn't know where I would be nine months down the line but I did know, that I would always have my sister by my side. . . When the announcement came that the war was over, my eyes filled with tears. The day Edward's regiment left, I cried. And the day Joe came home, I sobbed my heart out. There was so much happiness, not just in our village but throughout England and the world. While so many people's suffering had ended though, mine had only just begun. I didn't see Edward again. He left for the States with his troops and took any remaining pieces of my heart with him. It was only a few weeks later when Joe returned that it sunk in how my life had changed. When he walked through the door, his hair unkempt and his boots muddy, his gentle smile only made my guilt worsen. I was four months gone and had been wearing my loosest dresses for days. It was only when he took me into his arms and felt the hard bump of my stomach that his face dropped. "I'm so sorry" I whispered, tears rolling down my cheeks, "I'm sorry" He kept staring at me as I repeated my mantra of apologies. Swallowing deeply, he released me and rubbed a hand down his face. He