This was written for the LOTR Community General Fanfiction Yule Exchange The request I was given was: "I'd love to see a story where a young one (man, elf, or Hobbit) is hoping that THIS will be the year they get their first pony for Yule. When Yule morning comes, the little one ends up getting assorted gifts and trys to act appreciative, all the while lamenting that there was no pony. They can't help themselves and their disappoint causes them to act out...only later after they have apologized to have their father/Ada/Da, ask them to come to the barn with them while they check on their horse, only for the young one to find a pony with a huge bow on it." I hope Holly and everyone else enjoys the story. Well, actually stories. I had help with ideas and brain storming from Cathleen, Golden, and my husband. Many thanks to all of you. YULE TAILS The little lad sat unhappily in a sunlit corner of his room. His mother had died not long before and he had been unhappy often since then, but this time was one of the worst times. It was Yule Tide. He sighed. Many special parts of the day that he could remember from his other Yule Tides had either been less special or had not happened at all. His older brother was still at his tutoring, it had not been suspended for the day. At six years of age, the younger lad only had lessons for two hours each day. He had finished his lessons that morning. His father was . . . well . . . The lad squirmed a little as he tried to put words to what his father did all day and much of the evenings. Time that he wasn't with the lad; which was most of the time. Father was the Steward, so Faramir reckoned he stewarded. Whatever that meant. Mostly, from what the lad had ever seen of it, stewarding was sitting on a special chair in the Tower Hall and talking in very serious tones to all sorts of visitors and advisors. All young Faramir really knew about it was that now it seemed to be more important to his father than he was, and that it hadn't been more important than he was when his mother . . . He stopped to sniffle a little and rub at his face with his sleeve. It had all been so different when his mother had been there. Everything had been better when she was there. Even the Yule decorations in the Hall of Feasts looked duller than they had last year. He missed her, oh, how he missed her. But talking about her only made Father sadder. Boromir understood and they often talked about the things they remembered about their mother. He sighed. Somehow Faramir knew nothing would ever be the same again. Far away, in a large but cozy farmhouse, in a land where it was much colder at Yule Tide than it was in Minas Tirith, things were very different. A large family sat about the lovingly decorated parlor with their farm hands and their families. They were all happy and smiling. Especially Mistress Eglantine and Mister Paladin. This was their new, and only, son's first Yule. SIX YEARS PASS "It isn't fair, Rothari, and you know it." "Fair has little to do with it, young Master." Faramir rolled his eyes as his manservant patted and brushed at his tunic. There were times that it was most annoying being fussed over so much. Boromir insisted that he always look his best, though Faramir wasn't sure why. At least Rothari was a good sort. He knew funny stories and songs and he was often good at looking the other way when the brothers were having fun that bordered on being improper for young men of their station. "Fair has everything to do with it. How often have I had to hear about when Boromir received his first horse that was all his own?" The thin twelve year old drew himself up as tall as he could, assumed his father's stance and, in as good an imitation as was possible for a lad whose voice had not yet changed, began the recitation. "I gave Rochallor to Boromir when he was but a lad of ten because he was strong and already showing signs of becoming a superb soldier. I might consider a horse for you if you were to get your nose out of your books and improve your combative skills." Faramir sighed as he diminished back into a youth. "It is only the truth, young sir, and since you do prefer that to lies . . ." Rothari stood back and motioned for his charge to turn around in place. "I can only assume that the truth is what you wish me to speak." The man dropped some of his formal bearing. "Boromir was half a head taller and half again as wide as you at your age and able to win over lads three years his senior in most competitions." "Yet he can see I'm a more than able horseman, why can't father see it? Even Theodred says I ride well and surely he is a good judge of someone's ability to ride?" Faramir pouted, a gesture that did not suit his age. "Yes, yes. I'm certain the young Prince of the Horse Lords is a very good judge of a rider's abilities. Alas, you live under your father's rule, not his." Rothari nodded. The lad looked perfect. "There you are, Master Faramir. As perfect a Steward's son as can be. You need to hurry along now or you'll be late to the Yule Feast, and you know what you'll have to endure should you arrive late." Faramir nodded as he shrugged. "Father's icy glare of disapproval." Faramir met up with his brother on his way to the Hall of Feasts. "Do you know what Father's gift to me is, Boromir?" were the first words out of the younger brother's mouth. "Good afternoon to you as well, brother. I am quite well, thank you for asking," Boromir smirked. "Good afternoon, brother," Faramir sing-songed. "How are you this day, brother? Do you know what Father's gift to me is, brother?" The strapping seventeen year old roared with laughter as he slapped his younger brother on the back. "Persistant!" Boromir said through his laughter. "If persistence can win a battle, you shall always be victorious, little brother." Faramir did not join in the jocularity. "Thank you. Let Father know of your opinion of me. Do you know?" "No," the elder sobered a little. "No, I do not know if you are getting a horse." "I won't. I just know I won't." The youth's lips tightened. "In a few years time I shall be ready to take my place among the soldiers while riding a wooden horse with yarn for it's mane and tail." "I'm sure you will be allowed to ride any horse in the Citadel stables." "That's just perfect! I'll have an old nag that is kept about for the wives of visiting dignitaries." "Or one of the swiftest horses in the realm. The message rider's horses are kept there as well." Faramir replied only with a scathing look as the brothers entered the hall. The meal was grand. The decorations were extravagant. The gifts for the Steward and his sons were . . . . . . fine - to everyone except Faramir. Various courtiers and relatives gave him nice enough gifts; books, maps, a potted plant of an unusual species, drawing supplies, but he wasn't seeing any indication of his receiving his heart's desire. Farmir tried to be gracious. Tried. He did not succeed. "Perhaps," his father intoned part way through the opening of gifts, "you would prefer to be sent to your chambers, Faramir. You seem to not be well, if one may adequately judge by your demeanor and expression." The lad started to give a cheeky reply, but caught sight of his older brother's slight shake of his head. "I am well, Father," Faramir quietly stated while looking down at his toes. "Good." The gifting continued with the Steward's youngest now being overly polite. At last, there were only two sets of gifts that remained to be opened by the two heirs to the Steward of Gondor; one from their father and one from their uncle, the Prince of Dol Amoroth. Tradition held that the Steward's gift was presented last, but Imrahil stepped forward and spoke. "I think, brother, that your gift should precede mine this year." "And why would you think that." "Because I have brought two separate gifts for my younger nephew and which of those I present him with will depend upon what your gift to him is." Denethor considered the matter then waved to a servant to take his presents to his sons. Boromir was given a fine new surcoat and a new scabbard. Faramir was given a matching surcoat . . . and a book. Boromir watched his brother carefully. The color had risen in his face and the twelve year old was struggling with his emotions. There would once again be no horse of his own for Faramir. "Thank you Father," the youngster said in a stiff, quiet voice, bowing equally stiffly. "I'm certain I will benefit greatly from this book on swordsmanship." "Thank you Father," the elder said, bowing gracefully then draping an arm about his brother's shoulders. He could feel the lad's stiff muscles beneath his hand. "Now Faramir can give me pointers." To his brother he whispered, "All is well, Faramir. You are doing well." "And now my gifts to my nephews," Imrahil said, a bit loudly in his effort to break the tension that had settled upon the room. Everyone in the court knew the youngster desired a horse of his own. Imrahil indicated one of the three gifts to be brought over to him as the other two were given to his nephews. Boromir had to nudge his brother into opening his gift, even so, the lad seemed to barely have the strength to undo the ribbon that bound the wrapping. When the package was finally opened, a finely tooled leather halter lay in Faramir's hands. Faramir went pale. Slowly he looked at his uncle, but he addressed his father. "It seems I wasn't the only one who erroneously thought I would finally be given a horse, Father." He let the halter fall to the floor as he turned and ran toward the door of the Hall. "Faramir!" Denethor's voice rang out in the stunned silence of the huge room. The boy skidded to a halt. "I think you will find there is something in that present which you over looked," his uncle called out before the boy's father could say anything further. A servant ran over to Faramir with the halter and a piece of parchment in his hands. Faramir took them both, read the note, then ran from the building. Imrahil calmly turned to his brother-in-law. "The notes says, 'What fits into the halter is in the Steward's stables.'" "You brought him a horse." Denethor said flatly. "I did. I sent word of my intentions but did not receive a reply. I decided to take that as an affirmative response, brother." Denethor sat a moment. "She . . . she . . ." He drew a shuddering breath. "Your sister would have liked that you would consider such a gift for her son. I had . . . intended to say as much in a reply to you, but the matter was driven from my mind by some recent events near Cair Andros." Imrahil considered his brother-in-law. It was obvious that Denethor had truly meant to send such a reply for he only mentioned Finduilas in conjunction with matters he felt deeply about. "Then I am happy my interpretation