It really was a lovely late Thrimidge day AHard Lesson It really was a lovely late Thrimidge day. The sun was warm, but not too hot. The air was fresh, not heavy. The more annoying insects weren't hatched out yet. It was decidedly too nice a day to spend in doors. Even most of the adult hobbits of Brandy Hall were out and about. And of course, the children and youngsters were out in force. The Master's son and his favorite cousin were no exception, although typical for them, they had made more of an adventure of it then just being outside in the environs of the Hall. They had crossed the Brandywine on the ferry to go trout fishing in The Stockbrook. Merry was leaning comfortably against the trunk of a large elm tree near the water's edge, Pippin was sitting on the edge of the bank, dangling his feet in the water. They were fishing in a section of the brook that was a fast moving mixture of shallows and deeps where the trout loved to hide, just downstream from a narrow old wooden bridge. Earlier, they had been fly fishing and had filled Merry's creel with lovely trout, but now they were letting their luncheon settle while they fished for dace with small worms for bait and their bobbers set to keep the bait shallow. Merry was nearly asleep, leaning comfortably against the tree, when a cry from Pippin jerked him awake. "Hoy, Merry!" "Hmm? What, Pip?" "That hobbit just threw something off the bridge. Do you think it might disturb the fish?" The hobbit in question hadn't noticed the two lads on the bank when he made his way onto the bridge and threw his burden over the edge, but he heard Pippin's "hoy". His head jerked up then he scuttled off the causeway and away into the woods. The cousins looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders. "I wouldn't think it will disturb them too much, Pippin. They have to be accustomed to things floating by, one would think." Both lads were keeping an eye on the object as it floated nearer. "It's moving!" they shouted in unison. "There's something in there, Merry," Pippin said anxiously. Merry had already slipped into the rushing stream. He sucked in a gasp; the water was icy cold. He knew where the sandbar was, he had been fly-fishing off of it before lunch, but then he had worn his waders and the cold hadn't been as noticeable. Now, he quickly was losing the feeling in his feet and legs. Merry hoped he would keep his footing as he waded out into the current while keeping his eyes on the wriggling bag. "You stay on the bank, Pip, and I'll get it. I'll get it!" "It's squealing, Merry!" Pippin was becoming very agitated. Against Merry's order, he was now standing up in the water at the edge of the stream. "Help it Merry!" Merry neatly snatched the bag from the water, nearly losing his balance in the process, as it was much heavier than he had expected. He had been concentrating so hard that he had not heard the noises until now. Whatever was in the bag was terrified and frantically trying to get out. Merry struggled to get to the bank. Pippin, who had clambered out of the water, took the bag then set it down to give his cousin a hand up. Without waiting to see how Merry was, he set to trying to open the bag. "U-use th-th-this," Merry stuttered out between chattering teeth as he handed Pippin his pocketknife. Pippin cut the cord that bound the top of the bag then opened the top as wide as he could. "Kittens! Oh my! It's little wee kittens, Merry!" He let the top edge of the bag fall, revealing two very wet kittens while the folds of the bag recovered the others. Merry knelt to help and they quickly had seven cold, soggy kittens out on the grass. Pippin stripped off his shirt. "Shirt, Merry. Take off your shirt. We have to dry them and get them warmed up." "D-dry th-them and w-warm th-them!" the rather soaked hobbit sighed, but he dutifully removed his shirt and started to dry off one of the kittens. Typical of his cousin, Pippin was talking and thinking a mile a minute. "We need to dump the trout out of the creel, Merry, and I'll wind my scarf onto the bottom and we can put the wee mites in there to take them home. Then we'll need to see if you have any mama cats with kittens in the barns at the Hall and then we'll have to see if they will take these babies too. We have to do that sometimes with lambs and piglets at home." "N-not leaving th-the f-f-fish." Merry said slowly. "P-put kittens in p-picn-nic basket." "Poor wee thing." Pippin crooned at the kitten he was drying. "That's an even better idea, Merry. That already has the cloths in there that the bread and cheese were wrapped in. We can put the kittens in those." He looked at his shivering cousin. "You can have my scarf," he added cheerfully, as though that would be enough to warm Merry up. They soon had the kittens as dry as they could get them. Pippin packed them into the basket while Merry saw to their fishing gear, then they were on their way as fast as they could go without jostling the kittens too badly. Both lads found they were warmer without their damp shirts on, so they left them off. They were quite a sight to old Moro Brandybuck, the ferry hobbit. "Master Merry, whatever are ya up to?" he asked, staring wide-eyed at the pair. "Goin' 'bout half nekked like that. Master Pippin too." Then his old ears heard the kittens, which were still complaining about their condition. "Whatever am I hearin'?" "Some hobbit threw a bag full of kittens into Stockbrook!" Pippin answered angrily. "Live kittens!" "What colors are they?" the old hobbit asked. He had a strange look on his face. "One that's parti-coloured, two grey, two black and white, and two white ones," Merry informed him. Moro stepped back with his hands coming up in front of him, as though to hold something at bay. "White cats! Thrimidge cats! You ain't takin' them on my ferry. They're bad luck, they are." "But you have to let us cross!" Pippin exclaimed, growing panic in his voice. "It's too far to the Bridge and we have to get back to the Hall." "Easy Pip. Easy." Merry said calmly to Pippin before turning to address old Moro. "You really do need to take us across, Mr. Moro." He knew he had some authority as the Master's son. "Aye, you and your cousin, Master Merry, but not them kittens." Merry sighed. Pippin looked belligerent. The kittens kept up their weak mewing. "Mr. Moro," Merry began, sounding exactly like his father. "We will recompense you in any way appropriate or necessary. Or . . . well, my father will." A struggle played itself out upon the ferry hobbit's face until he reached his decision. It was really that hard. On the one hand, that basket was full of bad luck sure as sure. One the other hand, the Master was a good, fair and honest hobbit, but he would not be pleased if his son and nephew had not been allowed to use the ferry to come home. "I'll need the usual fare, Master Merry, then you'll have to send me down three springs of white heather tied together with four strands of a young lasses hair and two acorns. I'll be needin' all that before the day is out, Master Merry." "You'll have it, Mr. Moro. Now, will you please take us across?" Moro nodded and waved the lads aboard, but he kept a safe distance away from them and their, to his mind, cursed picnic basket. He didn't breathe easy until the Master's lad and his cousin were off the ferry and well on their way toward Brandy Hall. Merry and Pippin took the kittens straight to Merry's mother. "Mum!" "Aunt Esme!" they were calling as they came in the side entrance to the Hall that led into the Master's apartments. "In my sitting room, my lads!" she called in reply. "It was awful, Aunt Esme! This hobbit came onto the little bridge over the Stockbrook and I saw him throw something over the short wall that bridge has on the sides of it too keep folk from falling off. I asked Merry if it might frighten our fish away and he said it oughtn't and then we saw it was wiggling and Merry went into the brook to get it and it was full of wee kittens, Aunt Esme!" Esme looked at her son while Pippin was talking. Merry breeches were obviously damp, his lips were blue, he was bare from the waist up, and he was shivering. But he also seemed as anxious as his young cousin was about the kittens. Pippin had been tugging at the basket she had packed their luncheon in while he explained the matter, and Merry had finally seemed to realize it and set it down. His mother knelt down and opened it up to find it contained seven kittens wrapped in the towels that previously held bread and cheese. "Mr. Moro had not wanted to let us on the ferry, Mum," Merry said quietly as she began to look more closely at the little animals. "He said they were bad luck as there are two white ones and they were born this month." She nodded. "Yes, Merry. Some folks think that, well, think white cats are bad luck and that Thrimidge born cats are of no worth because they will not be good hunters." "Oh," the lads said together. "Well," Esme said, looking up sadly at her two favorite lads. "I'm sorry to say that two of the kittens are already dead, and the others will follow if we don't find them a mother very soon. Pippin and Merry looked into the basket. One of the grey kittens and one of the poor, supposedly unlucky, white ones weren't moving. "I think I know just the cat to take these wee mites in," Esme said as cheerily as she could while she quickly closed the lid on the basket. "Let us go and find Mistress Pearl." She would leave the dead kittens in there when she put the others with Pearl the cat, then give the basket it to Madoc, the head of the stables, to take care of burying them. She got to her feet, picked up the basket and they all headed for the main stable for Brandy Hall. Esme and led the lads straight to the tack room. There, in a corner of the room, in a box with straw in it was Pearl and her four kittens. The big grey cat with the teardrop shaped white "pearl" on her head was a strong lass with a reputation for producing strong cats that were good hunters. Her current litter had been born on the last day of Astron, and so was free of the curse of being Thrimidge kittens like the ones the lads had pulled from the river. Pearl's little ones had eyes just starting to open. In another week or so they would be scrambling out of their box home. Madoc had seen them come in and went over to stand behind the Mistress and the cousins, watching as she placed one wee kitten near one of Pearl's ample teats. She always had milk enough for her own little ones and to spare, and had been a surrogate mother before. The little black and white kitten nudged about for a few moments then latched on. Esme added the other five one at a time. It was a