On a Hobbit Holiday Ona Hobbit Holiday Sam peered up at the darkening sky anxiously. "I don't like the look of those clouds. Come on, Merry and Pippin. We'd better try to find some shelter." Pippin chuckled to himself. Sam was worse than an old mother hen. There they were, three middle-aged hobbits with more experience tramping about in the outdoors than all the other hobbits in the Shire combined, and Sam just had to draw attention to the weather. "They are way off on the horizon, Sam." Pippin nudged Blaze into a trot for a few strides to bring him along side Sam's chestnut mare, Sunny. He reached over and lightly punched Sam's shoulder. "They've a long way to come yet if they are going to bother us." "I don't know 'bout that, Pippin. They weren't there just a bit ago. They look to be moving fast." Sam had dropped calling Merry and Pippin "Mister" quite awhile ago, though it would still slip into his speech on occasion. He was now held in more honor by the hobbits of the Shire than those two illustrious Travellers. Even though they were more titled, the hobbits gave more weight to Sam as the mayor that being an elected title not just one you got for being born to the right parents. The mayor, they felt, was more important because they all had a say in who got elected. The three friends were on a holiday of sorts. King Elessar had sent word that, as he had come up to his home at Annuminas early in the year this year, and there not being much building nor planting being done yet, perhaps his dear friends would like to come for a visit. It was the last week of Rethe, and the weather was still unpredictable, so Rosie, Diamond and Estella had told their husbands to go on without them and their children. The wives made plans for socializing amongst themselves, making the rounds of one another's warm, dry, comfortable homes. The three hobbits were heading north. They were taking their time enjoying the feeling of freedom from not having home, family or position to bother with. They had stayed at the Dove Tail Inn at the junction of the Great East Road and the Oatbarton-Greenfields Road their first evening. (Fair ale, better food, good company) Then it was a lazy day's travel to the Hoof and Horn Tavern at the meeting of the Oatbarton-Greenfields Road and the Scary Road. (Good ale, acceptable food, not much company.) A bit harder ride to Oatbarton itself and the Barley Reaper's Inn. (Great ale, marvelous food, too much good company, Pippin was quite entertaining.) Then it was up the road to the small Sit and Sup. (Good ale, good food, peace and quiet.) Finally to the End of The Road Tavern and Inn at Greenfields. (The best ale thus far, excellent food, wonderful company, Sam kept an eye on Pippin, Merry got a bit too silly.) There they stayed a few days. (Sam got much too jolly the second night.) They had truly enjoyed sampling each establishment's food and drink along the way, especially the ales. They shopped about in Greenfields to get supplies for the trip across open country to Annuminas, which they had left on this very morning. A fine and jovial mood reigned. They talked and sang and talked some more, quite forgetting the clouds until Pippin found himself starting to shiver from a sudden gusty, cold breeze. He looked up. The clouds were not yet upon them but now towered close by. "You should have had a wager with me about those clouds, Sam." Pippin nodded toward the dark, roiling mass bearing down on them from the north-northwest. "You would have won. I didn't think they would get here this fast." Sam squinted at the clouds and silently nodded his head. Pippin turned to Merry. "What do you say, cousin, rain or snow? I've five silver coins that say it will be snow." Merry looked at the blue-black wall of clouds. He could feel the drop in the temperature. "No bet, Pip," he answered. "I agree with you. Those clouds don't look warm enough to have anything in them but snow." "We ought to have stopped when I wanted to." Sam's voice was quiet. He was looking around at the countryside, not really too thrilled with what he was seeing. The land for miles was nothing but flat, empty grasslands. They had earlier in the day left the last of the hobbit farms behind them. He looked at the pack pony they had purchased in Greenfields, hoping they had enough wood, that the tent would be big enough, that the tent pegs would hold. Sam's concerns ended up a moot point. For as he sat looking at the pack pony, a broken off piece of bush or brush came bouncing along on the gusty wind. It banged into the pack pony causing him to spook and run before the shrub bounced merrily on its way. "There goes our wood," Sam moaned. "There goes the tent," sighed Merry. "But not all the Brandy and ale!" exclaimed Pippin as he uncovered a small cask of ale and a small cask of Brandy he had strapped to Blaze then hidden beneath his bedroll. "We might freeze to death, but we won't care." Sam and Merry looked at each other then both turned to look at Pippin. They were wondering how Pippin would like sitting in the cold naked because they had stolen his clothing off of him to wrap around themselves. Each dismissed the thought as not really practical, they were each a bit rounder than Pippin, even though he had finally filled out a bit. "There does seem to be a bit of a rise, yonder." Sam pointed to a bump nearly due north of them. "We might get some shelter from this wind." They rode towards the rise, catching as many of the passing bits of blown shrubbery they could grab, tying them about themselves and their ponies. When they got to the few low hills, they found them to be taller than they had looked from a distance. The two hills would indeed block much of the direct blast of the wind. It started to rain. "I should have taken your bet, Pippin," Merry said as he pulled his hood up holding it in place with one hand. "Rain it is. I would have won." They hurried to get a fire started. They cooked dinner quickly, figuring that the scrawny little pieces of brush would burn quickly. They did. But at least they got a warm meal inside themselves before all the fuel was gone. It wasn't too bad for awhile. Each one had his underclothes, clothes (including the extra layer of tabards for Merry and Pippin) their Elven cloaks and, for Pippin and Merry, their uniform cloaks. Sam had the dress cloak he had been presented with by King Elessar. But gradually each layer soaked through. Merry would have won the bet with what came down first, but that changed. The rain turned to rain with ice mixed in. Then, about the time Pippin felt the wetness finally reaching his skin, it turned to freezing rain. For a while, their spirits, due to the spirits in the casks, had been high. They had told bawdy stories, sang bawdy songs whilst laughing their heads off and thumbing their noses at the rain. But as the ice started to form on their cloaks, the chill snuck in around the false warmth of the liquor. Pippin's was the first voice to go silent. It was then Merry remembered if there was one thing his younger cousin could not tolerate well, it was the cold. He had distracted Merry with his earlier bright boldness. Pippin was bright and bold no longer. He sat huddled in his sodden, now becoming frozen, clothes shivering. "Get over here Sam." Merry waved Sam over to Pippin's other side. "Come on. The more hobbits under the cloaks, the warmer the hobbits will be." They huddled tight around Pippin and worked their cloaks around until all three of them were under Merry and Sam's Elven cloaks and dress cloaks. The fire was warm. Pippin could feel it on the right side of his face. He could feel it down the right side of his body. It felt so good to be warm. Sam smiled in his sleep. He could smell the smell of cedar logs burning on the hearth. Merry rolled over to face the comforting heat. Sam startled. His eyes popped open. Logs on the hearth? What logs? What hearth? Last he knew . . . He turned his head to look around. They were in a room with no windows. The smoke from the fire was going up a hole in the ceiling. He put his hand out to help himself sit up, then turned his head to look at his hand. It had sunk into deep, thick fur. He sat up. He made sure he saw Merry and Pippin before he went back to looking around the room. They were in a cave; he could see the rough hewn stone walls. The thick furs where lying on a dry, sandy floor. Suddenly, a person bustled into the room. He was taller than a dwarf, shorter than a man, powerfully built with a dwarf's full head of hair that blended into a luxuriant, intricately braided beard. But the texture of his hair and beard seemed finer than that of any dwarves Sam had ever seen. "It wouldn't do, you know. Simply wouldn't do." The strange person looked at Sam then appeared to check on Merry and Pippin. "I won't have none of you little hobbity folk dyin' on my doorstep. No, sir. It wouldn't do at all. Have folk thinkin' I'm rude and inhospitable. No. Couldn't have the lot o' you dyin' on the doorstep so I brought you in here to do your dying." "Pardon?" was all Sam could say. "Pardon? I can't grant you no pardon. If the lot o' you have done things amiss, you'll have to be a goin' to someone other than I for your pardonin'." "No," Sam said, feeling very confused. "I didn't mean that. I don't understand what you're goin' on about." "Clear as dew drops on flower petals. No explanation given as there ain't nothin' to explain. No, sir. Clear as the sky on a sunny day." With that the person bustled out of the room. Sam's head felt dizzy. He suddenly realized that his clothes were all gone. He was covered by only a thin, incredibly soft blanket. Merry stirred a bit, mumbled a bit, and then opened his eyes. "Hullo Sam. Where did you manage to get all of this?" Merry was blinking like an owl at the fire. "I didn't do none of this, Mr. Merry. I . . . ah . . . it's just that . . ." "And how do I find you?" The odd person had bustled back into the room. Merry's mouth fell open. "I find two of you tryin' to right squish the third one. All squooshed together. And him already the thinnest o' the lot. Was you tryin' to make him thinner yet? And covered in ice, the lot o' you, all crunchy like." He went to the fire and poked and prodded it until the flames roared up. He went to a large box in a far part of the room, pulled out three more logs which he cast in atop the burning ones. "I always thought little hobbity folk had more sense than that. But not you lot. Sittin' there crusted over. Not even the sense to come in out th' weather." He bustled away. Merry turned his open-mouthed face to Sam, pointing in the direction the person had exited. He said nothing, making only a strange choking noise.