Pippin does something and Frodo is dissapointed in him Thisstory started out as a sarcastic response to a minichallenge given to me by Golden. Cathleen read the very short sarcastic version and felt it could be turned into a good story and pestered my until I did so. Warning: Pippin does get spanked in this story. Not abused, not whipped, not tortured; just a spanking. It is not the focus of the story, but, if you don't approve of a child being spanked then this is not a story you will want to read. The starter Golden gave me was: Pippin does something and Frodo is dissapointed in him. Elements: a bed, a talk, a party Frodo is 32 (20 ½), Sam is 20 (13), Pippin is 10 (6 ½) Bad Pippin Pippin was at Bag End for a visit. A rather odd occurrence as Bilbo was off visiting Dora Baggins and he usually didn't leave Frodo to his own devices when the little Took was coming. Pippin was only a little over ten years old and somewhat young to be visiting for an undetermined amount of time without his family, but there was an illness of some sort abroad in the Tookland and Eglantine presently had little time for anything but her healer's duties. Pearl was an apprenticing healer, so she was off with her mother. Nell and their cook were managing the house, and Vinca was too young to mind little Pippin without someone to help her. That and, truth be told, Lanti wanted her youngest away from the sickness. Hobbiton was closer than Brandy Hall, so Pippin was being sent off to Bilbo and Frodo's comfortable hole. It had really been dreadful timing, as far as Frodo was concerned, when the note explaining the matter arrived from the Tooks. Not that he disliked the wee lad, nor that he didn't enjoy having him visit, but seeing as Bilbo was going to be away for three weeks, Frodo had made some plans of his own. Bilbo had given him permission to host a big party for all his friends at the mid point of Bilbo's absence; the first party Frodo was hosting entirely on his own. He had even sent out six very proper invitations to the friends he was inviting. There was no changing it all now and, as luck would have it, the party was set for the first night his little cousin would be at Bag End. Pippin arrived the afternoon of the party day with his little travel bag in his hand and his larger bag in the hand of his father. Frodo noticed that the child seemed nervous or frightened instead of his usual bubbly self. His eyes had an odd haunted look to them and he seemed to be clinging to his father. "I'm sorry to do this to you Frodo," Paladin said with an awkwardness not normal to him as he set his son down on Bag End's front step. "We truly do hate putting you and Bilbo out, but Lanti just won't have the lad kept by kin nor friend in the Tooklands." "I understand Cousin Paladin. He shouldn't be exposed to whatever it is that is plaguing the Tooklands," Frodo said, trying to sound as mature as he could for his 28 years. He squatted down to speak to Pippin. "Sam is in the garden, Pip, if you would like to go see Sam." The lad perked up a little. He smiled and nodded happily. "Yes! I like Sam!" he said as he hurried off around the hole to where the garden was, his little travel bag still clutched in his hand. Frodo stood up and addressed his older cousin. "Have there been any . . ." he paused, ". . . any deaths?" "No, lad, thank all that's good and fair in Middle-earth, though you may want to chose a word other than "plaguing." The haggard hobbit smiled a weary smile. Frodo startled a little. "Oh! Oh, my! I should say so. I'm sorry, Cousin Paladin. I . . . eh . . . I was just about to say that Bilbo is not here just now." Paladin looked concerned. "He will be back in a week and a half. He is visiting his Cousin Dora Baggins and doesn't even know yet about your needing to have us watch Pippin. But . . ." Frodo hastened along, "I have the Gamgees just down The Hill. Should I need any assistance I can get help from them. In fact, should I need to, Cousin Paladin, would you mind my taking Pippin down to their hole occasionally so I can have a small break from watching the lad?" Paladin smiled a knowing, and relieved, smile. "That will be a fine thing to do, Frodo. If the Gamgees are willing to take him some of the time, that will be all well and good." They chatted a little longer then Paladin took his leave of Frodo to hurry back to Whitwell. Frodo had hoped he could send Pippin to the Gamgees to stay overnight while he had his party, and did some sleeping it off the next morning. But he hopes were soon dashed when he asked Sam about it back in the garden. "I've a favor to ask you, Sam," Frodo began. "Well, to ask of your Mum and Gaffer more than you." "Yes, Mister Frodo?" "You know about the party tonight . . ." Frodo began, but paused as he saw the light of understanding come into Sam's brown eyes. "The little tyke," Sam said with a nod toward where Pippin was playing in the dirt under the swing. "Yes," Frodo sighed with relief. "They can't" "What!" "They can't take the lad. The whole family is goin' to visit Aunt May and her new babe. They're leavin' right after tea and are spendin' the evenin'. All that is 'cept me, as I'm invited to your party tonight." Frodo wilted before Sam's eyes. "I reckon the party is why you were wantin' someone to watch over Pippin for you." Frodo nodded. "Tell you what, Mister Frodo. I haven't been too terribly comfortable with comin' to the party . . . I know, I know," the gardener said holding up his hands to stop the words his master was about to speak. "I know that I know all your friends, and there are very few of them as make me feel anything but welcome, but I feel awkward just the same. I am suggestin' that I'll be there, sit at supper with you all, be in the parlor and sing songs and such, but that I be responsible for the lad." "You would do that for me, Sam?" Hope finally gleamed in Frodo's eyes. "Of course I would! I like that little lad and I'm used to a young one being underfoot." And so it went. Supper was superb, the bottle of Old Winyards was excellent, and the beer barrel in the cellar had been filled with the best the Green Dragon brewed. Pippin had appeared to have fun as most of Frodo's friends were cousins of his and he already knew them, while Sam had kept the child occupied whenever the other guests and the host were too busy for him. Finally Pippin's bed time arrived. All the guests received a sloppy kiss goodnight, Frodo excused himself for a few minutes to help the lad get ready for bed and tuck him in. Sam stayed behind to tell Pippin a bedtime story or two so Frodo could return to his party. And return he did! He had had three glasses of wine with his meal, two more than his usual, and afterwards had three half-pints of that wonderful beer in fast order. After tucking Pippin in, he decided he liked the beer so much that he had three more, then added a few swigs from the bottle of a distiled home brew that Tolly Chubb snuck out of his father's store in their cellar. Good old Frodo was feeling very happy by the time Pippin showed up in the doorway of the parlor. The little lad was looking very forlorn, hugging the small, satin pillow he cuddled at night. "Frodo, I wet the bed," Pippin softly said, his embarrassment adding a tremor to his voice. He was a "big lad" of ten who knew enough to use the privy or the chamber pot; it wasn't pleasant to feel like a faunt. It was easy for Frodo and all his friends to see, and smell, that the child had indeed wet the bed. This was not something Frodo wanted to have to deal with in front of all his tweenaged friends. They were having fun. He was having fun and now this smelly little child was ruining eveything. Sam had said he would take care of Pippin, so he started to push away from the table where he was playing draughts with Tolly, but he didn't move fast enough. "Pippin!" Frodo screamed at the lad as he turned all red in the face. "How dare you do that! You are much too old for that and you know I'm having a party and wanting to be with my friends." Frodo's words were sightly slurred from too much drink. He staggered a bit as he marched over to stand, swaying, in front of his little cousin, who now had a look of horror on his small face. "You did this on purpose to get attention, didn't you? Just like at your house, you have to be the center of attention! Fussing and annoying your sisters until you get what you want or you get them in trouble." Frodo grabbed the child by the arm, pulling Pippin, too quickly for his little legs to move, all the way to the child's bedroom, leaving all of his friends in stunned silence behind him. With a nod to the others, Sam silently followed them. He had seen his friend and master's temper a few times before. It had been back when Frodo was a bit of a wild youngster and had come to visit Mister Bilbo. He could also remember Master Merry's father not always being able to handle the orphaned lad who was in his care. But Sam had seen only mild remnants of that temper since Mister Frodo had come to Bag End to live. Frodo pushed the door into Pippin's room open with a shove that sent it banging against the wall. He yanked the child over to the bed. The room stank with urine. He bent Pippin over the edge of the wet bed and spanked him, giving him five solid swats before rather roughly letting go of him. The little lad's wobbly legs gave under him and he ended up landing on the floor with a soft thud. "Eewww!" Frodo spat out as he looked for a dry part of the bedding to wipe his hand off. "Eeeww! Now I have your pee on my hand!" A small cup of water stood on the nightstand. Frodo picked it up, held his hand over the bed and poured the water over it, then he dried it on an different dry spot on the sheets. He looked down at the child. Dealing with his hand had taken the hot edge off of his anger, but he was still terribly upset. Much more than he would have been had he been sober. "There was no oilcloth on the bed, Pippin, because you aren't supposed to wet the bed anymore!" Frodo fumed while pacing back and forth. "So the mattress is soaked as well as the linens." He stopped pacing and held his head. For a moment, he thought he might get sick. "Just what I need," he thought angrily. "As if the little brat hasn't made enough mess." Even as he thought it, it sounded wrong. Pippin wasn't a brat, but the thought