AugustChallenge: different POV and these elements: Green, a Dozen, Triangle With deep apologies to those who use the Elvish languages and understand them, I needed to create names for some Ents. I used two English-Elvish online dictionaries, one of which seems to have no home page. The one with no home page is at this URL: /heensle/lang/elvish/sindarin/engsind.html The other is at Arwen Raenbrethil raen crooked & brethil birch Crookedbirch Cadwaranc cadwar shapely & limb (arm) ranc Shapelylimbs Celevonriv celevon silver (of) & skin riv Silverskin Fordoron forod north & doron oak Northoak Gadorost gado catch & rost rain Raincatcher Entmoot We had withdrawn deep into the woods, fleeing the rape of our realm. Fleeing the felling, the burning; seeking to hide where the forest was still green. Hiding amongst the birches of the high foothills on the eastern side of the Misty Mountains. At least, that is where those few of us who remained now dwelt, having followed Fladrif, the head of our folk. There was nothing for us any longer on the western flanks of the mountains and foothills that formed the eastern side of Angrenost. It was now called Nan Curunir - the Valley of Saruman. For long, long ages those hills had been our home and the pastures of our herds. For the long, long ages of the Elves. For the long ages of the Dunedain. For the years of the Rohirrim. For most of the speck of time that have been the years of the Tower of Orthanc being the home of the Wizard whose name the vale now bears. My home was now the furthest down the mountains on the eastern face of the Misty Mountains, for I still craved news of our other kin and of the wide world. And one day word came to me. The eldest of us all was bidding us come. Come to Derndingle! Come to Entmoot! "I will not go," Fladrif gravely intoned when I told him I had heard from Fangorn. His eyes flamed with his anger. "I have had enough of what the world has become! We trusted. We were betrayed! I will not look again upon the scorched, barren earth that was our home. I will not look again upon the cut and burned bodies of our folk nor upon the hacked stumps that are the remains of our tree-herds." He paused, restraining himself in the manner of our kind. Finally he spoke again. "Hom, Hrum. You may go if wish to, Raenbrethil. You and any other of our folk who wish to be part of such folly. I will not go near any of the other beings of Middle-earth again. No!" he said firmly, holding up a hand to stop the words before they passed my lips. "No! I will see none of them, not even the Elves. But most particularly I will never again look upon the Nan Curunir!" With that Fladrif turned his back to me and raised his hands up to cover his face. There were only three of us who answered Fangorn's call. Cadwaranc, Celevonrif, and myself, Raenbrethil; one fourth of the dozen who remained of Fladrif's kin. Together we strode to Derndingle. "What do you think we shall hear, Raenbrethil?" Cadwaranc asked me. "Hm. I am not sure, cousin. I only know there has been a change in the feel of the forest which began yesterday, as though there is a ray of sunshine piercing the clouds that have been thickening over us." "I am sure you are right, living nearer to the lower forest as you do. I have felt no such changes," he sighed sadly. "I have felt only the heaviness of evil creeping like a foul fog over the crest of the foothills from the NanCurunir." "Nor have I," added Celevonrif. "but then, I live near to the tree line and it was only chance, if chance one may call it, that brought me down to speak with Fladrif yesterday and I was about to leave him when you arrived with your news of Fangorn's summons, Raenbrethil." "Well, my cousins," I replied, "we soon will know how many of us have answered the summons and what will be the subject of the Moot." We made our way in silence after that; listening as we strode deeper into the great woods. Soon we could feel the tension in the ground below us, in the air about us, and in the increasing whispers of the tree herds all around us. Eventually, a great call came to us, far away and dim to the ear yet filled with forceful urgency. We rolled our fingers and set them to our mouths, trumpeting our replies. Fangorn would know that a few of Fladrif's folk had heeded his call. We heard the calls of others of our kin as well. We were not the only ones coming to hear the news. So we strode onward, being called and calling in return until there was no longer need for us to call through our tubed hands in order to be heard. We were eventually joined by eight others before Derndingle appeared before us, its high, thick hedge shielding from view any who were within it. We made our way through the western gap in the hedge and down into the dingle itself. Several of us had already arrived, including Fangorn I noticed. We seemed to be the last to arrive. "So many of us!" Celevonrif breathed out in amazement. Cadwaranc and I nodded. "More than I . . ." I stopped in mid sentence, in mid thought, in mid stride. "Yrch!" I hissed. "Burarum!" I added in Entish. Whatever was Fangorn doing with two of the foul creatures sitting upon his shoulders? I intended to storm up to him, to fling the question into his face. I took a step, but felt a restraining hand upon my arm. "Be not hasty, Raenbrethil," Cadwaranc whispered close to my right ear. "I think they are not Burarum. Their faces are fair and I cannot imagine Fangorn would suffer any of that evil race to live in his presence." I took a deep breath to calm myself as I patted my cousin's hand before he let it fall from my arm. Only Burarum cause me to act in such a hasty manner. Yet, my thoughts were that the old Ent had a great deal to explain to us. I turned my eyes upon the others gathered there, nearly fifty in number, and saw anger like my own in other eyes. "Hrum, Hom. I welcome you all to Entmoot," Fangorn began. "I am greatly pleased that so many of us are here, for a matter of great importance has arisen and it is not for any one of us to determine which course we will follow." He paused and a few of us spoke up. "This had best be of great importance, Fangorn. You have called us from our own herds." "Exactly! Maybe some of us have no need to attend to their own business, but I rarely leave my part of the forest." Others voiced different concerns. "The axe wielding Burarum of Saruman could take this moment to attack. I cannot afford to leave my trees for long." "Yes. There is ever present danger surrounding us in these evil times." "We must protect our own, Fangorn." "I am aware, my friends," the eldest of us responded in calm, steady tones. "Unlike most of you I walk abroad in what remains of our forest. Unlike most of you I walk the edges of the wood. Unlike most of you I am somewhat aware of what is happening in the world beyond our realm." He had our attention for we knew his claims to be true. We let Fangorn proceed as we murmured our interest in his words after the ways of our people. "I know you have noticed the beings I carry with me," Fangorn said as we muttered and murmured in quiet undertones. ("Yes, yes!" "Strange creatures." "I've never seen the like." Many voices were merely uttering the words, "Yrch!" and "Burarum!") "I introduce to you two representatives of a people we have not before known . . ." ("Hoom. Hom!" "Not known before?" "They must be Burarum!" "All that is is in the lists, and the lists we have know for many ages." "Yrch!") "They call their kind 'Hobbits'." The word sounded strange to our ears. ("Not a proper name! It is not Elvish." "Can there be any new creatures?" " 'They call' . . . They have named themselves?" And still the murmurs of, "Yrch!" and "Burarum!") "Hm. Hrom! You must not be hasty, my friends. They are not Burarum, so set your minds at ease." There was still a great deal of suspicious muttering from our number, including comments of my own. "I have spoken to them at great length. These two are known by the names of Peregrin Took but he is also called Pippin." Fangorn gestured toward the small person on his left shoulder. "And this is Meriadoc Brandybuck who is called Merry," he said indicating the other one who sat on his right shoulder. "They are a hasty but gentle folk who come from the West and the North, love the land, and care about all growing things. They suggested we add them to the lists after Men. 'Half-grown hobbits, the hole dwellers.'" There was now much rumbling and mumbling. It was not a light matter to add to the lists. Several of us, myself and my kin amongst them, stepped closer to Fangorn to look more closely at the small ones still seated on his shoulders. "Yes!" old Fordoron said loudly. "I say yes. They do not seem to be Burarum. They appear to be much like small Elflings. There is a pleasantness in their countenances." Many were chanting the section of the lists which dealt with the free peoples to see how well the suggested new line would fit. It was young Gadorost who spoke up next, saying, "The new line for the lists fits well." After allowing for a thorough discussion, Fangorn raised his voice above the clamor. "What does the Moot decide upon the issue of whether or not these creatures are Burarum, Yrch in the Elvish tongue?" We all said, "They are not Burarum." "What does the Moot decide about them being Hobbits, as they declare themselves to be?" "They are Hobbits." "And shall they be added to the list of the free peoples following Men?" "They shall be added to the list of the free peoples following Men." One of the hobbits yawned. It had been nearly two hours as Men reckon the passage of time since we had begun our discussion of the Hobbits. The Eldest had said they are hasty folk. Fangorn spoke to them in Westron, a language I recognize the sound of but do not speak or understand more than a few words. Indeed, few of us Ents know the tongue. He then set them down and they bowed low to the Moot before walking away on the path that went towards the gap on the West side of Derndingle. Many of us chuckled lightly at this feat of flexibility as it had long since been beyond their ability. Only a few of the youngest amongst us could still bend much. "The Hobbits told me much interesting news," Fangorn began as they walked away. "We have a great deal to discuss, and then, depending upon what decisions we make, we might have a great deal to plan. Let us begin with the tale told to me by the Hobbits." The Eldest related an amazing tale of a journey undertaken by the little ones, by Merry and Pippin, and others leaving from Imladris of Elrond Half Elven and making their way slowly eastward. They had told him of a strange blizzard upon Caradhras, and entering into of the Mines of Moria. He