Movieversion, based on an idea I came up with while trying to help Cathleen do some brain storming for her challenge story. After I finished describing it, she said she loved it . . . but that I had to be the one to write it. I will be using her elements of: Silver, 3, Sphere. An Honorable Calling My world jiggled and slid; a slice of light opened into a wide open view of the ceiling of a room barely remembered. A pair of hands reached down, took hold of me, and lifted me out of the cedar lined drawer that had been my home for thirty years. "Here it is, Gilmith." The hands and voice were familiar. She had tended my owner when he had worn me those many years ago. Worn me until I was much too small for him. "And here, all the mail and such that went with it is all here in this drawer. Right where I myself set it . . ." She was sniffling now and a tear drop splashed upon my silver embroidery. "Right where I set it all those years ago." She turned to hand me to a man I do not recognize, then she turned back to the drawer to get out the rest of young Faramir's livery. My owner, my boy, must have wed and now has a child of his own! The threads of my weft and warp swelled a bit with joy. I was wanted again! I would again go forth with a son of the house of Hurin to do battle against whatever foes his imagination set him after. "You say the Lord Denethor requested it?" "Yes. I do not know why. The Master Armourer told me to seek for the small livery and gear of the Tower that had been made for Captain Faramir as a child and that I should seek out his old nurse as she, you that is, might know where it was." She continued handing him the other garments from the drawer, which he, rather uncomfortably for me, set on top of me. "I say I do not know why it was sent for . . ." "That is all of it, young man." "Ah! Thank you, mistress. I say I do not know, yet I can make a reasonable guess." "Which is?" she asked as we all left the small store room behind us. "I think it is for the one many in the city are calling 'the Ernil i Pheriannath'," the young man she had addressed as Gilmith said in a conspiratorial manner. "It is known that he has offered his service to our Lord." She chuckled heartily. "This should just about fit him, from what I have heard. They say he is no taller than a young child." She waved him off with both hands. "Go now, and hurry. You wouldn't want to find yourself in trouble for dallying." I was affronted! Dumfounded! What was this? I was to be given to some foreign personage? No matter that he was a prince. What good is that to me when he is a prince of some fairy tale folk? A Halfling indeed! There must be some mistake. I was carried to the armoury. I was throughly inspected, along with the gear that completed me. The hauberk with its black steel rings, the helm, breeches, boots, sword belt and the wooden sword in its black leather sheath. A few tears where found and mended. All the metal work was cleaned and polished. The silver embroidery of the Tree and Stars upon my front was polished until it gleamed nearly as brightly as it had the day it was first stitched into place. However, I took little joy from all the fuss and attention. Long years I had dreamed of being fitted upon my dear Faramir's own son. To be given to another was a sad blow indeed. The day drew to a close, There was still a bit of work to be done to have my entire livery be fit for service, but for now I lay upon a work table in the darkness. I awoke to dim light coming through the windows and the armourers lighting lamps. It was while I was being given a final brushing that something strange happened. They took away our sword. Then I sighed. It made good sense, I had to admit. What princeling would wear a sword of wood? My sigh changed to a gasp as a beautiful short sword was brought in and laid on the table beside the sword belt. This prince would wear a weapon of Gondor as well as her livery? All the more I wondered at what sort of prince this halfling was. Did he have no weapon of his own? "Here we are, Peregrin son of Paladin." I heard the Master Armourer's voice getting louder as he neared my table. "Thank you, sir," said a voice like a child's. They stopped and looked down upon me and the rest of Faramir's livery. And I in turn looked at them. The Master Armourer I had already seen, the child beside him . . . "If you will, Peregrin son of Paladin," the Armourer was saying as he picked us up from the table, "we will go to the back of the shop where we will dress you." This was no child. This was the Halfling. I strained every fiber to see and hear all I could. "Dress me? I really do know how to get dressed by myself." I could tell he had been somewhat offended. Did this supposed 'prince' know nothing? "And please, sir," he added. "Call me Pippin. Or at least just Peregrin." "As you wish, Peregrin. Follow me." The three of them, the Master Armourer, an assistant and Peregrin the Hafling, went into a small room at the rear of the armoury. "If you would disrobe and stand upon the platform, Peregrin." The halfling did as he was told, talking all the while. "Oh, I see," he said cheerfully. "This is like going to the tailor when one has ordered a new jacket or waistcoat. It isn't so much that you thought I can't dress myself as it is that you need to make sure it all fits. Although I did notice that some of that seems to be mail and I've no idea at all what you will do if that doesn't fit me." He had stripped down to his short clothes and was reaching for me. I was not wishing to have him touch me, nor to have to be worn by him. The clothes he removed were stained and horribly worn. His short clothes looked as though he had only the one set and had hardly ever been out of them, although they did appear to have been washed and were not too malodorous. Hardly the garments of a prince! "No, sir" the Armourer said firmly. "You will be dressed, sir. If you will please mount the platform." I huffed. It was as I had suspected. This was no prince, no matter what the foolish people thought. A prince knows of being dressed by servants. The Master Armourer placed upon the halfling the trousers and shirt. At least I would not have to touch his skin, I remembered with relief. The silly little creature was obviously unaccustomed to the process, but I think he began to understand when the hauberk was placed upon him, for indeed it is an awkward thing to do for one's self. Yet, he would have need to dress himself after this, so the Master then schooled him in how to properly remove the hauberk and to then to put it on without assistance. He had the halfling do this three times, then finally, it was my turn. I was held above his curly-haired head. His arms were guided through my armholes and I was gently, but firmly, tugged into place. The belt was placed about his hips and fastened. The beautiful metal sword in its scabbard was fastened to the belt. The gauntlets were drawn onto his hands. Then the assistant knelt beside him. "If you would raise your . . ." The Master paused, staring open mouthed at the hafling's feet. No one had noticed till that moment that his feet were unshod. Unshod and hairy. Hairy and a bit too large for the rest of him, though not to the point of ridiculousness. The Master cleared his throat. "If you would raise your foot, Peregrin, so that we might see if the boots will fit you." "Boots?" the small, vague creature parroted. I doubted he knew what they were. "Boots? I . . . eh . . . we . . ." He took a deep breath. "We hobbits I mean, don't wear boots, if it is all the same to you, sir." "But your feet will be unprotected." "Our feet are very tough." He paused again and I felt him draw himself up a little straighter and pull his shoulders back. "I've never worn boots or shoes in my entire life, sir," he said with a new tone in his voice. "I walked most of the way here from my home in the far north and west without boots. I climbed part way up Caradhras without boots. I ran much of the way from Parth Galen to the far edge of Rohan without boots." He paused again to draw a breath, relaxing a bit as he did so. "I'm sorry," he said softly. "I don't mean to make much of myself. I . . . I will be fine without the boots, sir." I was watching the Master Armourer's face as the halfling spoke. Watched as his eyes widened and his jaw dropped ever to slightly. I was also amazed at what the little one said. If it was true, it was quite an accomplishment. The Master Armourer bowed to the halfling as he motioned for his assistant to stand up. "My apologies, Peregrin of the Halflings. We will set the boots aside." He then held out his hand and the assistant dropped a small, white sphere into his palm. Tailor's chalk. I was surprised that I remembered what it was and its function. It had been many years since it had been used to mark needed adjustments to me. "If you would turn about for me, Peregrin." the Master said as he held his arm up, pointed his forefinger downward, then moved his hand in a circular motion. The halfling complied with the request. "Hm. The trousers are a little too short . . ." "Oh, no!" the halfling interjected. He had turned past his starting point and was now looking at himself in one of the full length mirrors. "Not at all. You may have noticed my own breeches are nearly this length. These are fine." In the mirror I saw the Master raise an eyebrow, but he said nothing. No normal Guard would wear his trousers so short. The assistant handed him the helm and it was placed upon the halfling's head. In spite of his thick, curly hair, or perhaps because of it, the helm fit perfectly. "I have to wear this too?" he asked with a frown on his face. "It is rather heavy." "You must wear it, yes. Whenever you are on duty, unless you are esquire to the Lord Steward. Esquires usually do not wear their helmet, but need have it near by while on duty at the Lord's side in the Citadel. Most especially you must wear it if you go into battle." A wry grin came to the Master's reflection in the mirror. "I doubt your head is as tough as your feet." The halfling laughed. "No, not nearly." "With the helmet fitting you properly, Peregrin, you are finished here." The halfling turned to face the Master and his assistant. "Thank you so much,"