A Taste of Home Pippin sighed as he leaned against the door frame of the doorway of the bedroom in the small home he and his older cousin shared in Minas Tirith. He was looking at Merry, who sat propped up in his bed. "You are not that old." he said firmly. "You just want to act old today." "I'm nearly one hundred and four years old, Peregrin Took," Merry replied just as firmly, although there was a touch of a wheeze in his voice. "I'm old." Merry paused, then added, "So are you." "I refuse to see ninety-six as old." Pippin retorted. "And in your case, I refuse to see one hundred and three . . ." "Nearly 'and four'," Merry cut in. ". . . and three ," Pippin replied with force. "I refuse to see it as old. You're a hobbit. You're a Brandybuck. You aren't old. And you were fine just yesterday." "I'm not fine today." "Tosh!" Merry sighed, almost but not quite dramatically, as his eyes looked down at his hand plucking at his coverlet. "Today is First Yule, or, well, it is First Yule in the Shire and it is part of what they consider to be Yule here. I'm missing home. Last year on Yule being here was still fresh and new and . . ." A shadow came to Merry's face. "I was still rather caught up with mourning Eomer to really think about it all." He now looked back up to Pippin, still leaning against the doorpost, arms crossed over his chest. "I'm missing home and missing my family and I'm feeling ancient." Pippin's irritated look was instantly replaced with one of concern and sympathy. He uncrossed his right foot from where it had been leaning over the top of his left foot and planted it firmly next to the doorpost to leverage himself into an upright position. Crossing the room he sat down in the chair between their beds. It was there to make things easier for someone to sit with either of them should one of them be feeling under the weather. Pippin sat in it slightly sideways so that he was turned toward Merry instead of his own empty bed. "I miss them all too, Merry." He patted his friend's hand as he spoke, though the sparkle returned to his eyes as he added, "You aren't ancient, even if you feel that way." "Hrumph," Merry contradicted the comment but then he turned his hand a bit on its side to grab hold of Pippin's hand, giving it a small squeeze. "Thank you, though. I know you mean it." "Well," Pippin said with a nod of his head. "So you are feeling homesick and old. I'm really certain that lying about in your bed is just the thing to cure those problems." The knight of Gondor stood up. "Get up, Merry." This time Merry was the one with his arms crossed over his chest in a gesture of defiance. He did not respond other than by shaking his head. "Get up, Merry." Another firm shake of the Brandybuck's head. "Get up or I'll . . . I'll . . ." "Pull me out of bed, Pip?" Merry taunted. "That's the spirit, lad! And I know you will be all patience while tending me as I'm bedridden for months with a broken hip." Merry cocked his head to one side and looked thoughtful. "Actually, more than a few months. Most likely it would leave me permanently incapacitated. You could have the fun of taking care of me the rest of my days." "I . . . I wasn't going to say 'pull you out of bed', Merry." Pippin lamely tried coming to his own defense. "I was . . . eh . . . I was going to say, eh, say I won't bring you any Yule treats. Yes, that's it! I won't bring you any Yule treats, I'll just go off and have them myself and you won't get any unless you get your cranky old ar . . ." "Aha!" Merry crowed, pointing at his now blushing cousin. "Aha! Yes! I'm old. You just admitted it yourself, Peregrin Took. Ha!" Pippin quickly recovered. "Either way, it makes no difference at all. You'll get no treats if you don't get up." "I want fruitcake," Merry sullenly stated, crossing his arms over his chest again and giving them a sharp bounce to emphasize his rebellious mood. "Fruitcake?" Pippin replied, distracted from restating his ultimatum by both the force of Merry's statement and the item mentioned. "Fruitcake. Good, rich, dark, moist, nearly more fruit and nuts than cake, aged by soaking in Brandybuck Brandy, glazed and generously sprinkled with icing sugar, like our mothers and our wives used to make fruitcake." "Th-there isn't any, Merry. They don't make anything like that here." Merry turned an imperious eye to his cousin. "Fruitcake." "They . . . Theirs . . . Fruitcake, Merry?" "I'll get up for fruitcake." Pippin's eyes widened. He opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out so he closed it again. He looked thoughtful, puzzled, irritated, then resigned. With a sigh and a drooping of his shoulders, Pippin turned and walked slowly toward the door. "I'll see what I can do, Merry," he said without turning around, and then he was out the door. "Fruitcake!" Pippin muttered to himself as he headed out with the small shopping basket over his left arm. He had taken the time to dress in his least formal livery before heading off to his and Merry's favorite bakery, The Golden Loaf, in the fourth circle of the White City. "Good morning, Tildor," he called out over the jingling of the bells on the shop door. "And a good morning to you, Sir Peregrin!" the jolly, plump baker replied. "You are about bright and early. I'm surprised, it is one of your feast days, is it not? I thought you and Sir Meriadoc had made your purchases yesterday, my lord." Pippin sighed as he set the basket on the counter. "We did," he said as he bent a bit to rub his arthritic knees. "Four squares of that luscious, flakey honey-nut pastry. Half an orange cake for me and half a lemon one for Merry. A dozen of your jam-filled puffballs, and a dozen cream-filled ones." "And three dozen assorted biscuits," added the smiling baker. "Yes," Pippin sighed again. Tildor became concerned. "Were the items unsatisfactory, my lord?" "I don't know as they've not been touched." Pippin looked imploringly at the shop owner. "Merry wants fruitcake." "I have some. A moment, sir," Tildor said as he moved toward the far end of his display case. He bent over, grunting a bit as he pulled the confection out. He proudly set it on the counter before the hobbit. It was a pale, though heavy looking cake, about the size of a loaf of bread, topped with a layer of various berries and pieces of fruit held in place by a thick syrup. It wasn't anything like what Pippin knew his cousin wanted, but he said he would take it anyway. "Have you anything else?" he asked, trying not to sound too discouraged. "I'm afraid I don't, my lord, but I know one of the bakers in the fifth circle has a cake she makes that has fruits and nuts in it." Pippin brightened. "Really? Which bakery?" "Ismelda's Exotic Confections. She moved here about fifteen years ago from Belfalas." Tildor had boxed up his cake and placed it in the knight's shopping basket. Pippin handed him his money and turned to leave. "Thank you, Tildor, for this lovely cake and for telling me of this other shop," he said with a wave of his hand as he left The Golden Loaf. Pippin looked sadly down at the cake on the counter of Ismelda's Exotic Confections. It looked entirely delectable . . . it just wasn't what he was looking for. It was more like a somewhat darkish knotted bread. "Eh, what is in it?" "Raisins and dates. Dried apricots and pecans, my lord knight." Pippin raised his eyebrows and gave a small, approving, slightly tilted nod of his head. This was sounding a bit closer to the right thing. "Might you have one with, eh, candied fruits as well. Um, cherries? Lemon and orange peel? Almonds?" "No, my lord. This is all that I have with dried fruits and nuts in it." "I see. Could you perhaps put some sort of glaze on it and sprinkle it with icing sugar?" The baker looked confused. "Icing sugar?" "Yes. The sugar that is not grainy but is a powder." Ismelda smiled broadly. "Ah, yes! Yes, I could do that for you, my lord." She took the twisted bread into the back, glazed it by spreading a thin coating of apricot marmalade on it, then sprinkled a generous coating of icing sugar over that. She proudly brought it to the front of her shop and placed it on the counter before the small knight of the realm. "Thank you," Pippin said, giving her a smile that was more confident than he was feeling. "That looks quite nice." Moments later, he was on his way back to his home where Merry was waiting. Waiting for fruitcake. Good, rich, dark, moist, nearly more fruit and nuts than cake, aged by soaking in Brandybuck Brandy, glazed and generously sprinkled with icing sugar fruitcake. Fruitcake with treacle and honey in it to make it heavy and sweet. Fruitcake like they made in the Shire, well, made in the Shire after they came home from the Quest. Before then it would have been a bit more like Ismelda's bread in that it would not have had the candied citrus peels in it. Those delicacies were added after trade between the Shire and the rest of Middle-earth increased. Fruitcake which he did not have in the small shopping basket. He made a pot of tea cut a two generous slices of both confections, put them on one of their best plates, put the pot of tea, cups and the slices of cake on a bed-tray and headed into the bedroom. Merry was still propped up in his bed, reading a book. "Ah, Pippin!" he said smiling broadly as he set the book down on his nightstand. "You found a fruitcake for me!" "I did the best I could, Merry." Pippin said as he set the tray over Merry's lap. There was a slight pause and then Pippin snatched the serviette off of the plate of cake. Merry's smile faded. "That's not fruitcake, Pippin." "It was what I could find, Merry." Merry tried a bite of each, solemnly chewing each before washing it down with a sip of his tea. Then, he set his cup down with a genteel rattle. "Sorry Pip. I'm staying in bed." Pippin had intended to try the treats himself, but had been too busy anxiously watching for Merry's reaction. He now sank despondently into the bedside chair. "It's the best I could do, Merry. Can't you just . . ." The younger old hobbit paused with weariness and frustration. "Can't you just make do that it's real fruitcake?" "I'm not as good at that as I used to be Pippin," Merry quietly said. "Neither are you, my dear cousin. Remember the whisky?" Pippin pulled a disgusted face. "Ugh! Gondorians have no idea how to make a decent whisky. I was quite frustrated until we thought to order some from Tookland." Pippin suddenly paused, then his face lit up. "Merry, we could send home for a fruitcake!" "Yes, we could and it will get here by part way through Solmath. No, later than that if it is to be properly aged." The excitement drained from Pippin. "True," he said as he sat back in the chair with a sigh. "We'll just have to try and think of it in time for next