Written for the Bonding Experience and Abandoned challenges on P&S. It was also written for the Summer Fest 2015 . . . even though it still isn't finished, which may take to summer 20 16 at this rate! It is on-going, updates are roughly every two weeks(-ish). This is why there's been no Silver update for a while, although Muse is still working on that one. As the night drew in, Harry Potter found himself fervently wishing that Mrs. Weasley, his friend Ron's mum, had not been so easily persuaded to leave. When he had seen no sign of any of the Dursleys beyond the gateway to platform nine and three-quarters, Harry had dragged his trunk and Hedwig's cage behind him to the train station entrance, figuring that was the easiest place to spot his relatives, and for them to see him. After circling the car park three times, he had tried telling himself that they just hadn't arrived yet, and had settled down on his trunk to wait. But now – six hours later – Harry was reluctantly admitting to himself that the Dursleys weren't coming. He wasn't sure what he was supposed to do. He had no muggle money, so he couldn't find a payphone to call them, nor could he afford a bus or a taxi. He had no way of contacting anyone in the Wizarding world, not that he knew anyone to contact for help. He briefly debated sending Hedwig with a letter to Ron, or even back to Hogwarts, but decided releasing his owl would look odd to the muggles. Of course, he was getting strange looks from the muggles passing by anyway. He was a boy, on his own, and had been sitting there for several hours now. Reminded of this, Harry shifted uncomfortably. He was stiff, and his stomach had begun growling a long time before. "You alright there, son?" a brisk voice suddenly asked from behind him. Harry whirled around in surprise, and almost fell off his trunk. He looked up at the man, who was obviously a muggle, as he was wearing the fluorescent jacket all the train staff wore. "Uh, yessir," Harry stuttered. "I'm just waiting for my relatives. My train arrived a lot earlier than they were expecting," he added, hurriedly, as the official's brows began to draw downwards. "Well, perhaps we should just—" the man started, but what they should just, Harry never found out, as at that moment the man suddenly stiffened, his mouth snapping closed and his eyes staring straight ahead. Puzzled, Harry glanced around. "Ah, there you are," purred a voice from his left. Harry froze himself, then slowly slid his eyes that way. He'd hoped he wouldn't have to hear that voice ever again until September, or beyond if he was really lucky. "Thank you; I'll take my nephew from here." "Of course, sir," the train official said in a very flat monotone, then he jerked around and almost marched back inside the train station. Harry glanced up to meet the dark, jeering eyes of Professor Snape, who was standing with his arms folded across his chest, one hand idly tapping his wand against the opposite bicep. "Well, Potter," Snape said, one corner of his lip curling up into a sneer. "What have you gotten yourself into this time?" Severus Snape was not sure he liked the way his summer holiday appeared to be starting out. He had apparated to London as soon as the Hogwarts Express had left Hogsmeade, to take advantage of the last quiet day Diagon Alley was likely to see for the next two months. He had stocked up on several ingredients that he was planning to use in experiments, but some of them reacted badly to magical forms of transport, so he had arranged to meet the Hogwarts Express for its return trip to Scotland, with a stop for him along the way. He had not, however, expected to come across one of his students, hanging around outside King's Cross station like one of the multitude of homeless beggars already scattered around. Potter even looked the part, with his large rag of a T-shirt hanging off one shoulder underneath his cloak, and his faded trousers worn almost through at the knees. Severus had spotted the boy some minutes before the official had approached him, and had carefully studied the woebegone look the still-scrawny boy had sported. He would have expected panic, or anger, that his relatives had obviously been delayed. James Potter, he was sure, would have thrown a tantrum hours ago, or wrapped every single nearby stranger around his little finger and gained anything he so desired. Harry Potter had the resigned look of someone used to being shunted aside and left behind. He had been sitting still and silent for a very long time by the look of him, his eyes fruitlessly scanning the car park every so often before dropping again to rest on the toe of his trainers, which looked about ready to fall apart. "Well?" Severus repeated. The hauntingly familiar green eyes shot up to meet his again. "What are you still doing here , Potter?" he clarified. "The train arrived hours ago. Where are your relatives?" "I . . ." Potter's voice trailed off before he'd even started, and his eyes dropped again to his feet. "I don't know, sir," he finally whispered. His hands were twisting the hem of his T-shirt, the only outward sign of panic. "Have you not called them?" Severus queried, feeling his annoyance rising again. No doubt the blasted boy was enjoying worrying them – or was playing some kind of game for his own reasons. "I don't have any—" Potter hesitated as he glanced quickly around them. "Muggle money, sir," he finished, softly. "Only, uh . . ." He darted a hand into a pocket and allowed Severus to see the brief glint of a gold Galleon. "Then why, pray tell, did you not summon the Knight Bus?" asked Severus, through gritted teeth. "The what?" Severus studied the boy before answering. "The Knight Bus," he repeated, slowly this time. "You have not heard of it before?" Potter shook his head. "It is simple enough; you just hold out your wand to summon it." Potter looked around, and Severus suddenly realised he had a problem. The Knight Bus could not be summoned from where they were – there were too many muggles around. But equally, Potter could not go traipsing around London on his own until he found a relatively secluded spot. Albus would kill him if his precious Boy Who Lived got himself mugged and murdered with Severus so close. Severus himself dared not leave King's Cross now. The Express was due to leave very soon; in fact, if he delayed much longer, he'd miss it completely and be stranded himself, unless he wanted to waste the ingredients he'd paid so much for. He sighed. Really, there was only one choice and he knew it. "Come along, Potter," he said, dropping his arms to his sides and reaching for the cage holding the boy's owl. "You will have to ride the Express with me, and then summon the Knight Bus once we've arrived." The boy scrambled off his trunk, and then hesitated before grasping the handle. "The Express?" he asked. "With you, sir? But . . ." His voice trailed away, but the uncertain look in his eyes remained. "The Hogwarts Express, Potter," he snapped, impatiently. He gestured with his wand, casting a Featherlight Charm on the boy's trunk. "Hurry up now; it will be leaving shortly, and we will be on it." "Yes, sir," said Potter, doubtfully, and pulled at his trunk. He obviously hadn't realised just what Severus had done to it, as it slammed into his knees so hard and so quick that the boy was almost bowled over by it. "Oof!" he gasped, and hopped a couple of steps away. Severus had to bite his lip hard to stop himself from laughing at the boy's bemused expression. Harry managed to load his trunk onto the Hogwarts Express a lot more easily than he'd unloaded it several hours earlier. The feel of the train was different, though. With no students running or shouting, it felt dark, empty . . . and depressing. It was a little spooky, and Harry couldn't help feeling relieved that Professor Snape was with him. Nothing could be scarier than his Potions professor. Hedwig hooted unhappily from her cage, and Professor Snape turned to look at her. "Let your owl out, Potter," he said. "She can make her own way there." Hesitantly, Harry reached for the cage door. "Will she know where to go?" he asked. "We will be disembarking at Berwick," Snape said to Hedwig, who blinked her large eyes at him, and then hooted. She ruffled her feathers as Harry opened the door, then seemed to bounce once, twice, before launching herself in a rush. With a neat twist and a barrel-roll, she squeezed herself through an open window and disappeared into the night sky. "Come," Snape tossed over his shoulder at Harry, and led the way to a compartment halfway down the carriage. "Leave your trunk and the cage there," he ordered, pointing to a little alcove they'd just passed. Harry blinked at it. He hadn't seen that before, and he wondered if it was specific to this particular carriage, or if he'd just overlooked it. Once in the carriage, Snape settled himself in the far corner beside the window, and laid several parcels on the empty seats beside him. He gestured towards the other side of the carriage. "Make yourself comfortable, Potter," he instructed. "It is a long way to Berwick." Harry struggled to undo the clasp on his cloak as he headed for the other seat. He was just about to sit down when the train suddenly whistled loudly, and started with a jerk that knocked Harry onto the seat in a graceless sprawl. His face flushing enough to light a candle on, he hastily righted himself and peeked to see just how badly Snape was laughing at him. Surprisingly, though, Snape appeared to be concentrating fiercely on the view outside the window, although his lips did appear suspiciously pressed together. With nothing else to do, Harry turned his attention to the passing countryside, but after what felt like hours – but in reality, when he checked the old scruffed-up wrist watch of Dudley's, turned out to be only fifteen minutes – he became bored, and turned his head to study the inside of the compartment instead. Unfortunately, there really was almost nothing in the compartment that was interesting. After another ten minutes, Harry was on the verge of asking Professor Snape if he could go and fetch his summer homework. Letting out his second sigh in as many minutes, Harry was startled by an exasperated sigh coming from the opposite corner. He looked over in time to see the professor rummaging briefly through his pocket, before, with a whispered word, a book was being held out to him. "The second year Potions book," Professor Snape informed him. Biting back another sigh – because he really didn't want to read future school books, yet if he refused, the professor might make him do something worse – Harry glumly accepted the book with a muttered thank you, opened to the first page, and then let his attention drift off. They'd just passed Manchester when Severus realised that Potter had fallen asleep, slumped in the corner, his head pressed against the window, and the Potions book open on his chest. Considering the boy's head banged against the window every time the train jolted, Severus was rather surprised he'd actually managed to doze off in that position, but he supposed it had been rather a long day, and Potter wasn't even twelve yet. Mind you , Severus thought with a frown, studying the sleeping youngster, he doesn't even