Harry Potter and Threstral Guardian Chapter one: A Marauders Intervention Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the associated characters. Throughout the story there may be quoted segments from the Goblet of Fire, but it will soon stop once the story has diverged from cannon. June 25, 1994 Harry sat in the near darkness of his room - or Dudley's spare room he should say. In his hands was a letter with Font that glowed in the dark. The letter was from Sirius, but one main part of letter struck him. It said. "remember pup, if you are feeling down, you are a marauder and the mischief will save you. Now Harry was not slow by any sense of the word, but, that was a pretty vague message and it had Harry stumped for days. Until he thought of what it said. "marauder" as in marauders map, and it had a password, so, by using the same password he may be able to see a secret message. He wouldn't put it past sirius anyway. Harry didn't have his his wand on him, so he would have to try and use his hand to unlock the letter, if there even was a hidden message. Harry hovered his palm above the letter and said. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." and just like that the letter transformed into a new one. The letter now read. Dear Pup, Congrats on getting the password of the letter right. Now the reason I put this here is for a couple of reasons. But I ' ll give the main one, and that is, I ' ve noticed that you are severely malnourished for your age, and you lack clothing that for lack of a better term fit you. I also know from my time around the castle that you are known as a mediocre student at best. I know that this cant be true, because I witnessed with my own eyes - okay, maybe not my own eyes, but you were the only one there that could of saved me - that you produced a Patronus charm, a corporal Patronus charm. This brings me to one conclusion. You were severely neglected and bullied if you achieved high grades, add to the fact that your Weasley friend isn't exactly an achiever, and Hermione is insecure when it comes to anyone that achieves higher grades than her. I suspect that you remained in the middle ground, so that you can remain friends with the two. Look pup, I ' m not judging, but I have a place that you can stay at. Its likely in bad condition, and has a few magical pests. Attached to this is a few spells that you will need to clean the house. Next, you need to know that the house is called number 12 Grimmauld place. You are now the second person who knows the location of my ancestral house. Now if you want to get there, just say take me to number 12 and you will be taken there. Also remember when you get there call the name Kreacher, and tell the elf that appears that you were invited into the house by Lord Black and you are part Black and so you have the right to enter the house, and that you were given permission to stay in master Regulus ' room. When you get there, its unlikely that the house will be cleaned, so I want you to clean it - I ' m assuming that its mostly Doxies - so use the scouring charm, the siphoning charm and the Knockback jinx, those should sort out the house. And lastly I want you to study the next subjects thoroughly - the library can be found on the second floor, in the west wing - the subjects are runes, counter and defensive spells, wards, Occlumency and Legilimency(mind arts), magical meditation, offensive spells, spell crafting with runes, duelling, transfiguration applied in duelling and revise your previous four years and perfect all the spells in them, as well as silent casting. Yours, Padfoot. Harry sat there thinking for while. How as he going to get his wand and other school supplies. Since they were locked in the broom closet under the stairs, he would need a way to get it. He took some time before he was hit with sudden inspiration. "Dobby!" Pop! "Harry Potter sir, calls on Dobby." the house elf said. "Er- yes Dobby, can you do magic that does not affect the trace?" Dobby looked up at Harry with his golf-ball sized eyes, and said. "Yes, Harry Potter sir, but Dobby must be bonded to to that under-age wizard." "Bonded? What do you mean bonded?" "It is a magical bond between Dobby and Harry Potter sir, it can be used for many things, the most important is that it allows Dobby and Harry Potter sir to draw magic from one another, its called a symbiotic bond." Dobby said, as if he were reciting it from a text book. "Okay I understand, so how is it done? Bonding I mean, is it a ritual? a potion? a spell? what? And does it alert the trace." Harry asked, rapid fire questions. 'Harry Potter sir need only say, "I invoke the ancient Magick's, I wish to bond "Dobby" to my person, so mote it be. It does not alert the trace Harry Potter sir." Dobby answered. "I invoke the ancient Magick's."Harry said, and a silver tendril of magic wrapped around him."I wish to bond "Dobby" to my person, so mote it be!" the tendril extended to Dobby. "Dobby accepts Harry Potter sir as his master, so mote it be!" the elf said, with a snap of his fingers and a small tendril of green magic intermingled with the silver and the two dissipated. "So is that all?" Harry asked. "Wait Dobby what's happening to you? You're changing." And indeed Dobby was. His ears shortened, his eyes became slightly smaller, and more focussed. His nose also shrunk considerably, the skin around his face and eyes became much more smoother and less like, old leather. If Harry was honest, he was sure that Dobby looked more like an elf he had seen in the few folk lore books he had read as a child. "Master Harry Potter, I think this has happened because of your heritage." Dobby's voice even sound more cultured. "My heritage? What do you mean my heritage?" Harry asked. "Your elvish heritage, master Harry Potter." Dobby replied. "You mean I'm related to a house elf? That cant be right - although that might explain the way aunt petunia looks." "No master Harry Potter sir, they were an ancient race of beings that were considered the most powerful magical race in the world, they died out, but some of them mated with wizards and witches, but most wizards and witches have some elvish ancestry and this has not happened, the only answer could be that you are descended from high elves." Dobby replied. Harry was only filled with more questions, but he decided to put them on pause for the moment. "Never mind Dobby, I want you to collect all my things, if that's okay with you? And in about five minutes I want you to bring my things to me, but first I need you to get my wand, its under the stairs. Be silent." Dobby left Harry's room and appeared about a half-a-minute later with Harry's wand in hand. "Master Harry Potter, I have retrieved your wand." Dobby handed him his wand. Harry smiled warmly as he felt the familiar presence of his wand. "Gather everything Dobby, see you soon," said Harry while holding the letter,"take me to number twelve." suddenly Harry felt a tug at his naval, then a whirlpool like sensation took over his body and he landed in a heap at the front door, of a house that had a silver snake knocker. Harry opened the door and stepped inside. "Kreacher!" Harry shouted, as he closed the door, while the other hand gripped his wand. There was an immediate pop in front of him, and an old bat eared house elf with narrow eyes appeared. "Filthy blood-traitor, how dare you step into-" "Whoa, calm down Kreacher, Lord Black invited me here, I also have Black blood, so I don't even need lord blacks permission to be here." Harry tried to reassure the elf. "I am sorry master," the elf bowed. "may I punish myself now. . Or will later be more convenient?" Harry opened his eyes in shock, it shouldn't surprise him really, he had met Dobby already, but still he was taken aback by the casualness of it. "No Kreacher, I will not allow any self-harm, it is stupid, punishing oneself wastes time, time that could be better used for serving your master." Kreacher nodded slightly, he seemed to agree with the logic, but mere word from a boy the elf barely knew wouldn't change decades of teachings from masters he was loyal to. "Kreacher, lord Black said that you should show me to master Regulus' room, he also said that there are magical pests in this house, so could you keep them away from the room, until I am able to deal with them myself?" Kreacher hesitated before answering. "Very well master, Kreacher would like to know your name?" "My name is Harry James Potter." Harry replied. "Harry. .Potter. . You are the one who defeated the dark lord as an infant?" Kreacher asked. "It is what they say, but between me and you I think it is the ancestral magic that protected me." Harry had read a few books on the origin of magic and other magical theories, and the study of ancestral magic was glossed over in the book he read. He knew if he said that, it would ensure that he is seen in a positive light to the Pureblood house-elf. Kreacher's eyes sparkled for a moment before they returned to normal. "Very well, master Potter, if you will follow Kreacher to master Regulus' room." Harry nodded. The elf led Harry through the corridor, the corridor had a troll foot umbrella stand at the far end of it, that seemed to lead to what Harry suspected was the drawing room. Next Harry was lead up a flight of stairs, that had dead house-elf heads attached to the banister, they ascended two more flights of stairs, before Harry was lead to a room that had the name Regulus Arcturus Black across the door. When Harry entered the room, he noticed that room was in very good condition, which was a significant contrast to the rest of the house. "Thank you Kreacher, goodnight." Harry said, as he closed the door. Harry heard a soft yes master, as the door clicked. Harry surveyed the room, and noticed that it had what seemed to be a comfortable double bed that was covered with grey satin bedding. There was a desk in the far corner of the room, near the window that was covered with silver curtains, to the right of that was a small book shelf that was filled with school textbooks, and related subjects. There were books that covered charms, transfiguration, potions, runes, defence against the dark arts and the dark arts. Harry thought that they were worth giving a look, but tomorrow, now was not the time, he needed to sleep. 26 June, 1994 Grimmauld place Harry awoke with a start and groped around for his glasses, he quickly put them on and he scanned the room thoroughly. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, until he saw all his belongings were in the corner of the room. And in-front of them stood the altered Dobby with a serving tray filled with food. "Good morning, Master Harry Potter." the house elf greeted cheerfully. "Morning Dobby, is that for me." Harry asked, His voice was dry from thirst.