Contest Entry for May to December Contest This fic is dedicated to Nicffwhisperer for nudging us, which in turn pushed us from our comfort zone (and we definitely both came out of our comfort zones lol) and allowed us to bring you this! Thanks Nic! Thanks so much to our wonderful beta kitchmill, who always takes her time to make our stuff prettier … and looked for holes in this one ;) Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. EPOV "Edward, you're still here? You were supposed to meet us two hours ago," my younger sister Alice says as she barges into my office. "I know, Ali. I'm sorry. I feel like I'm almost at a breakthrough in this case." "Oh, Edward. You still have to eat. Is this about that young girl?" she asks. I sigh. "It is. I just can't get it off my mind." I've been working on the murder of a young prostitute, and I fucking know James Hunter's responsible. Now I just have to get the proof. He's a well-known drug dealer, and my gut says he's the one putting these girls on the street. Alice puts her arms around me. "Honey, I know you're worried about those other girls, but you've let this job take over your life. You eat, sleep and breathe it. We hardly ever see you anymore unless we come by here, and when's the last time you were even on a date?" "That's really not your concern," I say, maybe a little too harshly, but I don't have the patience for it. I'm a thirty-five-year-old man who doesn't need his family meddling in his personal life. Sure, I want to settle down one day, but it'll be when I meet somebody worth it. I definitely haven't met anyone in this town I want to pursue. "I know you're all worried for me, but don't be. I have a job I love and a great family. What more could a man ask for?" "Oh, I don't know, a girlfriend?" she replies with that smartass smirk on her face. I bark out a laugh at her audacity. "Sure, Ali, a girlfriend would be nice, but that'll come on my terms, not yours or Mom's." "Okay, I get it. Just don't keep shutting us out. Make time for this wonderful family you say you have. That's all I'm asking." "You got it, kid. Now go, I got work to do." I playfully give her a shove toward the door and send her on her way. This fucking case has me on edge more than any other since I took this job. Originally from Seattle, I moved to a smaller town because I was tired of witnessing the vicious cycle of death and destruction. Everything was good the first couple years, but lately the crime rate has been picking up, and now we have a murdered girl. All this seems to coincide with the arrival of one James Hunter, drug king extraordinaire and suspected pimp. Sure, there were working girls before, but only a few regulars. With the arrival of James, we've had a serious outbreak of young girls jump in the game. I've made it my personal mission to put a stop to it. I hadn't been here long when my family decided to join me on the quieter side of life, and slowly they all relocated to Forks. My father opened his own OBGYN clinic, and my mother is a psychologist at the hospital. Alice is fresh out of college and is planning to open a boutique. I pick up the phone and dial the chief's extension. "Yeah," he barks into the receiver. "Chief, it's Cullen. Look, I think we need to interrogate some of these prostitutes and hope we can get a lead out of one of them. Just want to clear my plan before moving forward." "What did you have in mind, son?" he asks. "I want to round them up. Charge them with whatever we can. Anything to get them in here so I can have a go and see if any of them know anything. Maybe even drag in some of the older ones that've been around for a while." I need a link and these girls must have some kind of information. "Sounds like you got a plan then, Cullen. Keep me informed on your progress," he grumbles out before hanging up the phone. The next morning, after only four hours of sleep, finds me at the head of the briefing room with a few other officers. Newton, Crowley, Whitlock and McCarty all stand at the ready. "All right, men. We have only one objective for the next few days. I want any and every known and suspected prostitute, especially the young ones, brought in on any infraction we can find. And I mean anything —from soliciting to jaywalking. Got it?" I say in my most commanding voice. "Yes, sir," they reply in unison. "Well, don't just stand there, get to it," I snap. ~WS~ I've spent the last two weeks interrogating every prostitute brought in to no avail. Not one single thing to link James has come from these talks. We were lucky enough to be able to save a few of them. When offered a chance to walk away from that life, almost half of the girls took it. They were set up in a women's shelter run by Officer McCarty's wife Rosalie. She has her own personal experience with abuse, and these girls couldn't have been put in a better place. I have two more girls set up in interrogation rooms. First up is Lauren Mallory, supposed best friend of the victim, Jessica Stanley. A glance through the observation window shows another young girl scared out of her mind to be here. I need to work that fear to my advantage. My face is schooled into a stern expression as I enter the room with a folder in my hand. Miss Mallory's head snaps then immediately lowers once she's made eye contact. I pace around, hoping to build her insecurity before taking a seat directly across from her. "Miss Mallory, do you know why you're here?" I ask with a bite in my voice. "Y-yes, sir," she stammers out. "What's your connection to James Hunter?" I lean forward and go in for the kill right off. The folder making a loud smack as it drops to the table. Intimidation is key with these girls. They have to be more afraid of me than the suspect. "W-what?" I stand and prop my fists on the table and get in her face. "Your best friend, Jessica, was murdered, Miss Mallory. I'd think you'd want to help bring in her killer. Now tell me, what is your connection with James Hunter?" I demand. "Um, he's my boss." "Your boss, as in your pimp?" Before she can answer, I continue. "The same man who was Jessica Stanley's pimp? The one who's most likely responsible for her murder?" She gasps. "No, James would never hurt any of us." She starts to tear up. I laugh, loud and cold. "Is that what you think, Miss Mallory? That he would never hurt you?" I throw a set of Jessica's autopsy photos on the table between us. It's a harsh reality, but I'm tired of this game. Miss Mallory's face turns ashen, and she begins puking all over the place. Fuck! "Guard," I yell as I open the door and go out into the hall. Damn it, this is not what I was hoping for. I scrub my fingers through my hair and give it a tug. As the guard approaches, I bark out orders to clean Miss Mallory up and get her back into a holding cell. Fuck my life; this isn't going as I hoped. Miss Mallory was no help at all. Maybe this next one will be the key. Through the next observation window, I take in the girl sitting at the table. She's different than the others. She sits confidently, almost provocatively, yet looks so young that I have to wonder if she's even eighteen. Her name is listed as Isabella Dwyer, age twenty-one, but no way is that true. She isn't in the system, so it's difficult to verify. Her eyes snap to me when I enter. She raises an eyebrow and slowly drags her gaze from my toes to my head, lingering on my midsection. She then looks me right in the eye and smirks. I ignore that and put my game face on. "Miss Dwyer, do you know why you're here?" She smiles and leans toward me. "Call me Bella, and I hope it has something to do with getting to know you better." I laugh humorlessly. "I assure you, Miss Dwyer—" "I asked you to call me Bella." "Fine, Bella. You don't want to get to know me any better. That could mean very bad things for you." She licks her lips. "Mmmm, I might like for you to do bad things to me Officer"—she looks at my badge—"Cullen." "It's Detective Cullen. And I'm not playing games with you. I want you to tell me what you know about the murder of Jessica Stanley." Fear and something else flash across her face, but it's quickly masked by a cocky grin. "Well that's easy enough. I don't know anything. So can I go now?" She starts to get up. "Sit down!" She glares at me, but does as I say. "You can leave when I say. Until then, you will sit there and answer my questions." She stays quiet. "Now, tell me what you know about her murder and James Hunter." This time I see the terror on her face, but she hides it quickly. "Look if you want to spend more time with me we can arrange something. You don't have to keep me here. Trust me, I'd be happy to keep you company for a while." I pull my chair around and sit next to her. "Look, Miss Dwyer"—she starts to interrupt again but I press on before she can—"I know you know something. If you're scared or fear you'd be in danger, then we can protect you. But I need you to tell me what you know." She huffs out a laugh. "I'm not afraid of anyone. I don't know anything. Now can I please go? I have things to do, and I'm not going to get paid sitting here." She moves closer to me and lowers her voice. "Unless you want to keep me here for another reason." Her hand lowers to rest on my knee. "I'd be happy to spend some time with you away from here … for free." She starts moving it up my leg. I grab it, stopping its progression, and place it on the table. I give her a hard stare, taking in her face. Mahogany hair frames her porcelain skin and deep, dark eyes. She looks so young and even though I know she's anything but, she has an innocence about her. What could have led such a beauty to this life? Then I remember I shouldn't care. It isn't my job to change this girl's life. It makes no difference to this case why she does what she does. But as I sit here looking at this fierce woman who probably isn't even old enough to drink, I can't help but feel something stir within me. I soften my voice. "Bella, you have your whole life ahead of you. James is dangerous. I know he is. Tell me what happened to Jessica, please." Her face changes, and for the first time since she's been here she's not wearing any type of mask. "Look, I wish I could help you; Jessica was a nice girl. But I can't." She looks at me as if imploring me to believe her. But she isn't telling the truth.