Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter Heart's desire Chapter 1 The area was quiet and desolate, but open. High winds whipping through the open space. The floor lit by the deceptive stars above. It was no secret place; no inaccessible hidden liar akin to the Chamber of Secrets, but it served the same purpose he wanted right now. Solitude. Holding the bars firmly but feet firmly planted on the stone floor, there was no intention to throw away what had somehow managed to survive against ridiculous odds once more. He felt dirty. He shouldn't be alive. Looking down at the freshly healed scar on his right forearm, memories of how he got it flashed behind his eyes once again. Green light; Cedric; Voldemort's resurrection; fighting to stay alive; ghosts of his parents; fanfare in the quidditch pitch. Grip tightening on the bars of the balcony, he ignored the consequential cutting pain; he deserved it. Chivalry. Fair play. Ha! Look where that got me. Look where it got Cedric! It's my fault. Instantly a voice of reason within his mind began, but he relentlessly fought against it with no intention of hearing her nagging once again. He was sick of fighting with her about this; he'd fled the common room not an hour ago to get away from her. With the map and cloak in his robes, they'd have to search the entire castle. And it was now after curfew, so not bloody likely to happen. Especially since the train was taking him back to that excuse of a family in the morning. Hermione really needs to know when to back off. Flashback Within the Gryffindor dormitories well after curfew, Harry could feel fatigue setting in and decided it was time to give himself a break from practising a magic he hadn't touched all year. He'd seen the benefits of having an unsuspecting disguise and was determined to succeed. McGonagal sure as hell gave him a surprise in first year; and the revelations of Peter Pettigrew, Sirius Black, and their forms drove home just how useful such a skill was. No one knew what he was up to. Sirius was in hiding, Ron was a loose cannon with secrets, and Hermione would ram the laws about animagi down his throat, scolding him for not seeking help or daring to try in the first place. Willing the feathers that were his hand to return to normal, he opened the drawn curtains and buried the book on animagus transformations deep within his trunk before settling back onto his bed. Despite the exhaustion, his mind was running a million kilometres an hour making Harry too restless to sleep. Glancing at his now completely human hand, Harry sighed in disappointment; after discovering and copying the animagus text in the library after Sirius' escape last year he'd hoped at the time to have made decent progress by now. However, given the insanity of fourth year, Harry had to concede he'd been too busy trying to survive Hogwarts and its perils once again. He hadn't worked on it at all this year. Giving up with the failure of sleep, he went down to the common room and seated himself in front of the fire, staring at it while deep in thought. A shuffle to his left caught his attention. Hermione was seated in one of the armchairs and looking at him expectedly. "Hermione? What are you doing down here?" "I knew you would be here eventually." "So you stayed here all night?" "You need to talk to someone, Harry. It isn't healthy to hide your problems," she began in a tone that always managed to get under his skin. Harry fought the urge to give her an eye-roll. He'd been there and done this before; today, as a matter of fact. And every other day. A phrase that served as the catalyst to their friendship repeated itself in his head in Ron's voice. "She's a nightmare, honestly. No wonder she hasn't got any friends." Self-disgust and guilt flooded his mind for having such a thought about someone that had been by his side every year. Especially when Ron was showing the traits of a glory hound after Harry's name was spat out of that infernal goblet. Ron's remark did have merit, though; Hermione barely spoke to the other Gryffindors, and more often than not was by his or Ron's side throughout the time they'd attended Hogwarts. Did she have others? Hopefully. She hasn't had it easy on the social front. "Harry," she sympathetically murmured, resting a hand on his knee as she watched his expression. "Cedric's death was not your fault. Why do you still blame yourself? We've been through this." He couldn't hold back the snort. "Yeah, I know. A million times," he replied irritably, pushing her hand onto her own knee. "You can't bury your head in the sand and refuse to hear the truth, Harry. The only person at fault is Wormtail. He cast the killing curse, not you." I really don't want to have a fight about this again. "Not now, Hermione." She huffed beside him and turned to face him completely. "Yes now," she pushed. "The train home is tomorrow and hardly the place to discuss it. An empty common room at such a late hour is the best available to you. If you don't discuss it, you'll get it deeper into your head that Cedric died because of you while at the Dursleys. I know you. You blame yourself that Snuffles still has to hide. You did it last summer as well." Harry had to admit that she was right about Sirius, he did feel a degree of guilt but not as much as she seemed convinced of. It was the Ministry's incompetence that Sirius had to hide. "You've been prying enough already, Hermione. Today, in fact, and every other day since the Third Task," he retorted in frustration. Alright, that was a bit low. Taking a breathe, he tried to keep the bitterness out of his voice. "Will you please give it a rest, Hermione? It isn't exactly great to be reminded of his death all the time." His response only ruffled her feathers more, making Harry want to facepalm. She had that set look about her only hardened briefly before softening. "I push for a reason, Harry. Not because I'm a shallow gossip like Parvati and Lavender," she reasoned, seeming to be giving him a little space on the matter before proving him with a resolute look. "It's for your own good," the brightest witch of their age stated with conviction. Something within him snapped. More and more people seemed to think they knew what he needed better than he did. He really tried to end it before things got ugly, but it looked as though she wasn't going to let it go. Rising to his feet, he glared. "Well guess what, Hermione. I'm pushing back, and the answer's 'No'. Accio cloak, Accio map!" The witch jumped to her feet, but Harry snatched the map out of the air and stuck it into his jeans pocket. The cloak going into his robe pocket. "Where are you going?" she demanded, marching towards him to close the gap. "You can't avoid the truth forever. Let me help you." Turning around without giving her a second glance, he took quick strides to the portrait hole. "Goodnight, Hermione," he replied tersely. Aware she would try to catch him, he threw the cloak on and left. Guilt welled within him for blowing up at her like that, with a tinge of regret. Sometimes she honestly knew how to push his buttons about these things. Flashback end "Great Harry Potter, sir." Flinching in surprise, he turned around from the railing of the Astronomy Tower to see Dobby in the centre of the tower and released the breath he'd unknowingly held. "Dobby, what are you doing here?" "To make sure you's are safe, sir." Looking at the railing which he still held, Harry was fast to let go. "I wasn't about to-" "Dobby knows that Great Harry Potter, sir. Harry Potter is too noble, too brave. Dobby only wants Great Harry Potter sir to be safe ," the house-elf sincerely explained, looking a little hurt when an involuntary scoff escaped Harry before he looked at the Scottish Highlands once more. A fat lot of good that did. Safe. Yeah right, and Voldemort will turn himself in and leave me alone for once. He's constantly after me. The wave of an epiphany made Harry grow stiff, before turning around to the misguided but pure-hearted elf. "He's constantly after me," the wizard muttered to himself, unnerved that he was clearly missing something. "Great Harry Potter, sir?" Dobby questioned, snapping Harry out of his thoughts and the little creature's caring gaze almost undid Harry's composure. Dobby, not seeming to notice, toddled over to Harry's side and looked up in concern with his yellow tennis ball eyes. "Why is he after me, Dobby?" Harry said more to himself than the elf as he sat on the floor. At the touch of the little hand on his shoulder, Harry looked up tiredly. "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is afraid of the Great Harry Potter, sir. And Dobby will do anything to protect Great Harry Potter sir, if Great Harry Potter sir wants Dobby." Dobby wants to protect me? Well, that's nothing new. Out of boredom, he decided to humor the elf by tiredly replying in third person. "Great Harry Potter does Dobby." For a moment, he felt alerted as though ice cold water pulsed from his middle but it was gone before he had long to think about it. "Why does he fear me more than others, Dobby? I was an infant. I am a teenager . Dumbledore is far wiser than I am. Why didn't they use a stronger person's blood that night?" All of the mounting questions were giving him a headache that piled on top of his fatigued mind and nearly missed the answer. " – Potter, sir is special," the elf spoke solemnly with an undertone of joy More half answers. "Will someone tell me the truth? Why am I special?!" "Yes, Master Great Harry Potter sir. Dobby will always tell Master Great Harry Potter sir the truth, but Dobby does not know the answer to why. Bad Dobby! Bad! Bad, Dobby, failing master!" "Dobby, stop!" His mind finally caught up to his hearing. Master?! Whipping his head to meet Dobby's eyes Harry narrowed his own. "Dobby…What did you do? Why are you calling me your master?" The elf cowed under his sharp stare and backed away a step. Seeing Dobby's reaction made Harry feel awful; so he reined in his temper for the moment not wanting a friend to fear him. "Master Great Harry Potter sir is Dobby's new master. Dobby asked if Great Harry Potter sir wants Dobby; Master said Great Harry Potter does." I've been tricked by a house-elf…Wait until Hermione gets wind of this… Looking to the elf in confusion, Harry tilted his head. "Why Dobby? I thought you liked being free?" "Dobby is weak with no master. Master Great Harry Potter sir is kind and a friend." Too tired to fight this new development, Harry rested his head against the pillar and pinched his nose before feeling a yawn escape him again and closed his eyes. "Dobby…I'm too tired to walk or discuss this right now. And I'm not going back to Gryffindor Tower, I'm not arguing with Hermione about Cedric again. Will you make sure I don't catch a cold here?" "Yes, Master Great Harry Potter sir. Dobby will protect his new master. Dobby will take Master Great Harry Potter sir to a safe place." "Dobby?" "Yes, Master Great Harry Potter sir?" "I won't order you, Dobby. I never will, but don't call me 'Master Great Harry Potter sir'. Something shorter, please?" he muttered, hoping the elf would at least give him that small piece