DISCLAIMER: HG characters do not belong to me. A/N: One shot story, the setting takes place during the events of Catching Fire. I recently watched a clip of a Bella/Jacob scene from Twilight Eclipse and it inspired me to write this one shot. This chapter may be part of a possible future story, but that won't be for a while since I still have quite a bit to go on my other story-Finding Peace. You will see parts of the Catching Fire book/movie in this story, and you will definitely see shades of the scene from Twilight. I was also inspired by scenes from Boardwalk Empire/the Americans. This is my first attempt at writing a story from Katniss's POV. Secrets and Lies He doesn't see me off to the train station, not surprising considering the fact that he said he wouldn't be there. I am going on the Victory Tour, trying to convince the world that I love Peeta. I don't know how convincing I will be, but I have to try my best. It's the only way he, Prim, and my Mother will survive. If I fail, Snow will kill them, this I know. I have to lie in order to save them. Peeta asked me if we can be friends when the tour first began, I quickly agree. He is so pleasant, it is hard to say no to anything he asks. I begin to feel more comfortable around him, and even ask him to stay in my bed at night since my nightmares have prevented me from being able to sleep. I enjoy his friendship, and I don't think I would be able to get through this Victory tour without him, despite the fact that Gale lingers in the back of my mind. My feelings for Gale come to the forefront the day Peeta proposed, in front of Caesar and everyone in the Capitol. The crowd erupting in cheers, Caesar holding back tears of joy. I wonder if Caesar is genuinely happy for us, or if he is putting on an act. It is hard to tell with him. I know Gale is watching, most likely while on break down in the mines. What is he thinking at this moment? Is he angry that I am now engaged? Accepting Peeta's proposal in front of everyone, it is for sure going to be all everyone in the Capitol talks about. I begin to hope that maybe, just maybe, he will understand, understand that I am doing this for him. And for my family. I see just how much my actions hurt him the day we come home. The minute Peeta and I get off the train, hand in hand, I see his hard cold stare while he stands next to Prim and my Mother. Both of them waving, he gives Peeta and I a look that could kill. I see the fire in his eyes, the anger, and the hurt. I feel Peeta tug on my hand slightly and I turn and lean in for a quick kiss. All part of the act. The crowd cheers and as I turn back to face the crowd, I see him storm off, leaving Prim and my Mother behind. I am so busy the day we come home, I don't get a chance to try and go see him. I head to Hazelle's house the next morning, but of course he is already gone. Off to the mines to work a 12 hour shift. Hazelle says she will pass along my message to him, that if he has time tomorrow, to meet me at 6 pm. I don't tell Hazelle where, for he knows where to meet me. I wait the next day in our usual meeting spot in the woods, easily slipping through the fence out of sight from the Capitol's eyes. Or did I? Are they watching me now? Will they see where I plan to take him? He shows up at 6 pm on the dot. I can tell that he must have taken a bath before he left, for he smells like soap and has no trace of his day in the mines on his skin. It is Saturday, and tomorrow is his only day off. The only day of the week that I can see him. "Follow me" I say softly in case someone is watching. We quickly grab our stuff from our usual hiding spot and head off, deep into the woods. I am taking him to the lake, the place my Father took me to when I was younger. The only place I think may be safe from the Capitol's eyes at this point. I explain to him the significance of this place when we arrive. He nods his head in understanding then says, "So you are going to marry him huh?" His face void of emotion. "I don't have a choice. I have to convince Snow that it isn't an act." "And if you can't convince him?" "Then you die, along with Prim and my Mother." "I can handle myself." "I have a plan" I blurt out, desperate for him to not do anything foolish. I see he is intrigued, "What's that?" he asks. "We run away." "What?" "We run away together, deep into the woods just like we talked about." "You mean it?" he says, his demeanor changing drastically. I see the hope in his eyes. "Yes." I hear him laugh and feel myself being lifted off the ground and spun around. My head spinning, I laugh into his shoulder as I feel him put me back down on the ground. "Does this mean you will go with me?" I ask timidly. "What do you think?" "You don't think I'm mad?" "I do think you are mad and I'll still go with you." "Really?" "Yes" he says as he bends his head down and places it against mine. "I love you" he says softly. I sigh deeply and pull away, not able to say the words back. "I know" I find myself saying instead. I see the look of hurt in his eyes and he abruptly turns away, I grab his hand in an attempt to pull him back but he jerks away from me. His eyes seething, he raises his voice as he says, "Don't touch me" and begins walking away from the lake. "Gale!" I shout in a desperate attempt to get him to stay. I take a few steps towards him, and see him turn back around slowly. "I'm done, I'm so done" he says, suddenly looking and sounding fatigued, the long day finally catching up to him. I don't know why, but I feel a sudden urge to make things right. "What can I do?" I find myself saying without thinking. He looks at me incredulously but doesn't say a word. He turns back around and just as before, starts walking away. Knowing that it is now or never, I shout, "Gale stop!" He stops, but he does not turn around, his back still turned from me. "Kiss me" I shout, not knowing what has come over me. In a flash, he turns around, his eyes wide in disbelief. "What did you say?" "Kiss me" more confidence in my voice. Before I know it his lips are on mine, kissing me deeply. I reach my arms up to pull him closer to me, feeling my body pressed up against his. We continue kissing each other and eventually pull away from each other. His hands cupping my face before giving me one last kiss. I look up at him, knowing that my face is flushed I whisper, "Let's head inside so we can talk" and I turn towards the cabin. He takes my hand in his and we head inside. Beginning to get dark outside, we discuss my crazy plan of running away. He talks about his plan to keep Prim, Rory, Vick and Posy safe from predators when we are in the woods, by setting up a very complex but efficient trap line. "Nothing will get past the perimeter of the camp" he says. "Hopefully Peeta can help us hunt" thinking that we could use an additional person in case game is scarce. "What?" he says taken a back. "Peeta and Haymitch have to come with us." "I didn't realize our party would be so large" he says irritated. "Snow will go after them first, it's the only way they will be safe." "No one is safe from Snow! Should we invite the whole District?" "Gale" I say reaching for his hand. He brushes me off and says, "You don't think it will be too crowded with you, me, and your fiancé." "That's not fair." I am irritated, when will he stop being so insanely jealous? I just asked him to kiss me! I have never asked Peeta to kiss me the way he did. "What's not fair is us leaving those who need help behind." "I want out, and I want you with me. It's too dangerous to stay here, the Districts…they" and stop myself before I say any more. But it is too late, his look changes and he says, "What do you mean?" "On the Victory tour, I….I saw." "Saw what?" "District 11 defying the Capitol, an innocent man was executed." He knows I am holding more back. He frowns and says, "What else did you see?" "At the Mayor's house, I saw in District 8, the people were fighting back." "It's really happening, people really are rebelling." "It's why we need to leave! The Capitol will kill us, all of us." "I'm not leaving with you Katniss. I can't. It is our duty to stay here and fight, fight for freedom. We need to start a rebellion here in 12." "Gale-" And he gets up and storms off, leaving me alone in the cabin. Nothing but silence overpowering the room. The next day, I find Peeta to tell him of my plan. As expected, he agrees to come with me and then asks if Gale and his family are coming to. "I don't know what his plans are" I say stiffly. "Did something happen? You don't seem yourself." He looks at me with concern in his eyes, the same look on his face whenever I awake from a nightmare. "We may be friends now, but you don't know me well enough to know when I am not myself." I see my words have stung. I don't know why I said what I did, but one thing I do know is that I don't need him treating me like a wounded puppy. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset-" "No, I'm sorry" I say interrupting him. I already screwed things up with Gale, I can't risk alienating Peeta as well. "We need to leave first thing tomorrow morning, can you be ready?" "I think we should talk to Haymitch." Suddenly, we start to hear commotion coming from the town square, and I begin to hear the sound of a whip. I am awakened by Peeta who tells me he will watch over Gale and that I should go upstairs to sleep. Letting go of Gale's hand, I see he is still sound asleep, the morphling still in his system. I see that it is early morning. As I turn to head upstairs I thank him. He asks what the plan is now. I look out the window and see blizzard conditions, I'm relieved, for I now have an opportunity to come up with a new plan. Not wanting to tell Peeta that I have chosen Gale and the rebellion, I say, "We will figure it out later" and quickly leave the room to avoid further questioning. I change into my sleep clothes and get under the covers, it is cold in my room, and I try to warm myself up. I have trouble falling asleep, longing for Peeta's arms around me, holding me close, keeping