Hi. So. This is odd for me. Um I'm going to try and attempt a lord of the rings fanfiction. So I guess this is going to be about two characters journey's into middle earth, and to keep matters easier for me, it will be during the fellowship, and if I see a future beyond that I will let you know. Ok so the first chapter will be establishing things folks, because I hate hate hate how some fics just go, ok, you're there, first thing. Well, one character will be lead there initially, but I wont be there straight away. Umm I guess a short summary is in order: Lana is a dreamer, hoping to escape her own world and into a world she had forgotten. Riley is reason, and is determined to save Lana and bring her back to earth if she can (and in one piece) and make her see that you cannot escape yourself wherever you go. That is, if she does not get lost in Middle Earth herself. And don't worry you visual people, a physical description will come of them soon enough. I want to introduce things first. Chapter 1: A row A girl sat on her bed whirring through her laptop, occasionally leaning back to stretch her back and crack her knuckles. Another girl lay on her carpeted floor gazing up at the ceiling. "Lana, you really should get to work." The first said, though not critically. Lana pulled out her phone and pulled out her phone defiantly, and continued her blogging while her friend tapped away on her university assignment. The comment held no weight towards Lana's feelings, for she was completely in her own world. Her daydreams often led her to forget to speak, even acknowledge any other happenings outside her own business. Besides, the first had said similar phrases throughout the day they had spent in her room. It was getting old. The friend atop her bed perch gazed down at the figure on her floor with seemingly unconcerned eyes but momentarily ceased her tick tacking to pull open another browser. She typed in the letter t in the URL and let the rest of the bar auto-complete to the most used site under that letter. A few short clicks away and her face slowly contorted into annoyance and she glanced over her screen again to see Lana, with her eyes glazed over as she blogged. "Reblogging sad posts won't get the job finished." She said sharply. Lana, startled, dropped her phone onto her face, and rolled onto her side to curl up and cradle her pained face. "Why do you always do that?" Lana said all muffled from her hands. "It's not my fault you startle easy." There was the barest hint of amusement that only Lana had learned to listen for. "Yes it is," Lana mumbled childishly, sitting up. Lana picked her phone up and was about to resume when the darn thing had indicated it needed to be charged. She began her demand, "Riley, can I use your—" "Not until you start your rough draft." "Darn I left my notepad at home." "I have paper on my desk," Riley said without looking up. If Lana huffed and chucked her phone beside her purse before venturing towards the other side of the room. She was definitely dreading finding the paper, and took to examining everything along the way. Lana knew that Riley wasn't one for showing off, so her medals that were showcased on a small hook were thanks to Riley's mother, who wished her child were more proud of her accomplishments. They ranged from little league to high school senior sports all across the spectrum. Lana ran her hand along them, fancying the clangs they made when disturbed. Riley wanted to tell her to hurry up, but long ago realized rushing Lana was not a reasonable thing to do, it just prompted arguments. Lana frequently wondered, "What happened" to Riley. What had originally made them become such good friends was her tendency for action, her unregretful personality and her love. Not that she still wasn't any of those things, she just tended to only show these qualities to her and trusted people. It was a gradual thing that she finally noticed in their senior year. There were signs, like she wouldn't speak up often, wasn't always so cheeky towards teachers and peers anymore, and her sense of humour had dried. Lana stopped along the wall in front of a shelf. "What's this?" She asked, and picked up a pearly silvery shell the size of her hand, cupped. "Abalone." "Like the jewellery?" There was a pause in Riley's response that Lana hadn't noticed in her fascination, "Sure." "C'mon, what's it for." Riley shifted nervously, and sat on her haunches. "You see that bundle of dried plants?" she asked. She set her laptop aside to pay attention to Lana's action, lest that girl drop anything. Lana picked up the pale gray and green plant, almost white, and smelled it instinctively. Her face pursed, not sure what to make of it. "You take a little and put it in the bowl and burn it." Lana nodded, "What is it?" "Sage. For healing." "Oh." She replaced it on the shelf, and gazed upon the other shelves also containing things she wasn't sure about. Lana sensed the pressure in the room, and moved along feeling it lift. She quickly made her way to the desk, and pulled up a notebook. "This one okay to use?" Riley nodded, settling back in with her computer, while Lana also finally decided to get to it. Many hours later, they both decided it had all been too much. Lana yawned excessively, and stretched herself like a cat, while Riley watched with amused eyes. She was always impressed with Lana's tendency to exaggerate. "We should go outside." Lana suggested. Riley snorted, preferring the comfort of her bed most. "C'mon, like we used to!" Lana was very charismatic. Riley was always surprised she did the things she did, but not by the abilities of the person who provoked her to do these wild things because it was difficult to deny Lana anything. "You can never say no to me." Lana remarked adorably. "Yeah, how do your parents handle you?" She replied rhetorically. They discovered that both cars were gone; they hadn't even realized that Riley's older sister had left, taking their only way to town. They were a tad out of the way of the bus stop, which happened to be a very long walk to the main highway. "Well, like we used to , let's take a walk in your backyard." Backyard was an understatement. Riley happened to have just beyond her lawn a forest at her disposal, however it had not been used recently. "How come you never talk about that stuff?" Lana asked, as they reached the beginnings of a path beyond the first couple of trees. "What stuff?" Riley dodged the tree root to her left. "You know, your native stuff?" She shrugged. Internally, she rolled her eyes at the description. "Well, I've never been asked." Riley was careful to not say 'you never asked.' "Well I think it's cool, you should talk about it more often." She said matter of fact. "If only." "I mean, why should you guys be hiding? The only thing I know about you guys is from like back in the day. People should know that you guys live like you do. You're just like us!" "I know I guess we just get such a bad rap." Riley said, only to pass the conversation she'd heard so many times before. "But I mean, I wish natives were good like you." "Okay, shut up now." It was not said half-hearted or good naturedly, Lana finally tuned to see Riley's utterly not amused face. "What's wrong?" "You know, I wish I didn't have to tell you. About it all. But I do." "Well if you get your head off your high horse, you'd realize I just complimented you. It happens to you way more often than you think." "That's not what I mean. I thought you would be a bit more sensitive. For me, for them. But it's just you, isn't it? In your own world." Lana finally was fully offended. "Well, Riley. If you weren't so uptight and impersonal, you'd realize that I've not been ok. My parents hate me, my boyfriend cheated on me, I'm failing our courses, and my own friend won't recognize it." "I'm sorry if I don't read into every single detail you lay out for me, but I have a life too." "You are so selfish, you can't tell me it's been that difficult to see that I'm hurting." "I'm selfish? It's taken you how long to come and see me? I have a whole world of problems ." "You never said anything." Lana accused. Prepared for a rebuttal, Riley opened her mouth to speak but ironically shut it to let Lana hear her own words. They rung against her. "You cause your own problems." Riley muttered harshly. She led herself back to her house, leaving Lana there, still fuming. It was no matter to get back to the house, it was just going to be humiliating to grab her things and wait for Riley's parents to drive her home. Lana started after Riley, intent on ending this conversation her way. "Don't you walk away from me, we're going to finish this." "No, I'm going to get your stuff. You can wait in the den until Mom gets home." Riley said, walking up the back porch. Lana paused, she'd never been bossed around, and her friend was not the controlling type. She bit back her surprise so she could voice her usual tag line: "You can't say no to me." Riley momentarily stopped, mid step. "Come on." She finally said, though never betraying her face to Lana. Lana left a long while later, too long if you had asked Riley, which no one did near enough in her opinion. Her parents had sensed nothing amiss other than the fact that Lana had not raided their kitchen yet, as they were accustomed to her doing before her visits to their house lessened with university. Wanting to preserve her relationship with Riley's parents, and not wanting to have to face the shame of walking home at this hour when a car ride was earlier guaranteed, she gave no suspicion to an argument and gratefully accepted transportation home. Lana was not sure where Riley's new temperament came from. Her parents were lovely open people, they were good-humoured, loved to talk, especially about stories. And their rich way of speaking made her smile inside. She wished Riley would learn to be like them. These people would've gotten along so well at their high school, yet Riley was so reserved as of late, it was a stark comparison. Once home in her suburban neighbourhood, she regretted instantly everything that had happened. Things had just been going so poorly lately that she had managed to bugger up what ever else made her happy. Lana's parents gave no warm welcome once she arrived, in fact, had taken much care in not noticing at all. The two adults had obviously just been arguing also, creating a tense air about the house. With a clench of her chest, she realized it must have been about her, because if it wasn't, they might've at least told her to get back to taking care of the house. The argument in question was to get her out of the house. Lana did not understand, as they were scarcely around anyways. Part of her wished they wanted her presence. Why is it that wherever else she was received warmly with little effort, but when she tried twice as hard for their affections, she was met with nothing? She swallowed her affectionate side she so openly displayed elsewhere and