So I went on yet another reading binge, this time my source of obsession being the Harry Potter fandom. You see, the thing is, I was never truly a fan of Harry Potter. I liked the movies, but I had never gotten around to truly delving into the plot until my best friend left the Philosopher's Stone at my house. After reading the first book, I was hooked. I could not get enough and after reading my fair share of fanfictions, I've decided it was time to write my own. But the fact is, I don't have the time to commit to a full on story. Instead, I'll compromise and write a one-shot. Hope you guys like it... Summary: [ONE-SHOT] The Goblet of Fire had made its choice. Harry Potter was to be the fourth champion. When the four houses had turned their backs on the Boy-Who-Lived, Harry contemplates on who his true friends are. Surprisingly, only one person comes to mind. And that is a certain know-it-all, muggle-born witch... Pairing: HarryxHarmione. Harry Potter could be found in the Hogwarts Library, nose deep in books. Normally, such a sight was unusual within the magical castle. Harry was smart, but he wasn't exactly fond of books. Especially not the ones you would normally find within the vast collection of the library. Those books were rather ancient, most having over thousands of pages and centuries of knowledge. For a teenage boy like himself, that was a big turn-off. But for now, he had little choice. The place was one of the few spots in the grand castle that was often quiet and made for a perfect refuge from the many pointed glares and looks of anger he got from his peers. He should have gotten used to it honestly, this was almost becoming a recurring theme in his years at Hogwarts. He could even consider it a rite of passage. In his first year, Harry had been able to turn not only his own house but the majority of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff against him when he, alongside Hermione, and Neville, had lost a total of 150 points and had ruined Gryffindors' chances of beating Slytherin for the House Cup. The boy had plummeted from hero to zero in the span of a single night. It was a nauseating experience for the boy who had not been used to having friends and in the end - after a terrible fight against his DADA professor and Voldemort - Harry had pulled through for the decisive win. His second year hadn't started off on the best foot and had plummeted from there. There were the occasional spurts of good fortune for the bespectacled boy throughout the school year but with the constant danger of the mysterious monster paralyzing the students and the whole school believing him to be the Heir of Slytherin and therefore a dark wizard, he had once again become the outcast. Yet once again, he had been locked in a fight with Voldemort, this time the Dark Lord had been aided by a basilisk of all things. He had bested the odds and had gained favor within the halls of Hogwarts once more. His third year had been slightly better than the first two but it had still been a stressful year on the savior of England's wizarding world. He had been scared witless when he had believed that a mass murderer was on the loose and after him. Not to mention the whole debacle with the dementors throughout the year. In the end of it all, he had made two allies in the forms of Remus Lupin and Sirius Black, while had learned the identity of the true criminal that had been responsible for his parent's death. His years at Hogwarts had been an emotional roller-coaster that could only be described as nauseating. The lows and the highs he had gone through had made him into who he was today. With the terrible first eleven years with the Dursleys, Hogwarts was a heaven-sent for the young wizard, despite the many life-threatening events he had faced. A lesser man would have broken at the constant trials and misfortunes, but Harry had preserved. Mainly through the support of his best friends. Ron and Hermione had been there through thick and thin. When hope was lost and death seemed a certainty, Harry could always depend on the two being by his side always. It was a must. An unspoken rule in the Gryffindor house and between the 'Golden Trio'. Or so Harry had thought. Harry had felt his stomach lurch in fear when the fourth parchment had been regurgitated by the fiery goblet. The crowd that had gathered had fallen into a deep silence as Dumbledore approached the extra paper and read the name. But even before he did, Harry knew that it would contain his name. He knew... he just knew that it would have been him that was selected to take part in the Tri-Wizard tournament. Who else could it have been? Neville Longbottom?! The resulting fall out was far bigger than he had expected. Sure, the Slytherins reactions were just had he had predicted. Any chance they got, the snakes of Hogwarts would make their displeasure with the boy known. It mainly was due to the fact that he was a Gryffindor. The rivalry between the two houses was as legendary and old as the construction of the school itself. The hatred from the Hufflepuffs was understandable as well. They had felt cheated. It was no secret that the badgers of the castle were considered as the leftovers. The 'Puffs were usually at the back of the pack when it came on to most things, and that had been a pet peeve for the house of the loyal. So when Cedric Diggory had been selected, it had finally been their time to shine. Yet it had been ripped out from underneath them in the blink of an eye. Harry could sympathize with them... if only they had believed him when he said he hadn't entered his name in the goblet. Ravenclaw's ire was unexpected. He had little to no connections to the members of that house, except for his brief infatuation with Cho Chang. Perhaps that had been why. The rumor mill at Hogwarts did speculate that Cho and Cedric had a small thing going on (which had hurt him more than he realized). Perhaps they had felt it justified to hate the boy in Cedric's stead. But it was his own house's response to his selection that had completely blindsided him. He had expected a few glares no doubt but had hoped that the majority of the Gryffindors would see pass the glory of the tournament and realize that this was not his intention. Harry was no glory-hog (despite the public's opinion) and had hoped his housemates would understand that. But he had been proven wrong. The Boy-Who-Lived had been immediately shunned by the lions and there had even been talks of censuring the young Potter.* Not a single person in over 200 years had ever been censured from their house and the fact that they had even considered it briefly was enough to upset the teen. Gryffindor was his pride and joy, everyone knew that. It had been a low blow and he was sure that they had done it just for that effect. So without the support of those he had called his friends, Harry was forced to weather the storm alone... "Harry!" ... or so he had thought. He lifted his head from the book just in time to meet the smiling visage of the one person who had stayed in his corner, through thick and thin. Her long bushy mane of brown hair was easily recognizable as she made her way towards him. She donned the Gryffindor colors, and under her arm, carried two large leather-covered books. Hermione Granger. "Hermione," he greeted, nudging his chair over to give the girl a seat beside him. She easily complied, setting the books down on the desk as she settled in the seat. "What's that you got there?" The girl grinned. "I was thinking about the egg - how to open it. I thought that maybe I'd find something in one of these books," she explained, flipping the first book open and skimming through. "Great idea, Hermione," The girl blushed under the praise and refused to meet his eyes. His emerald green eyes were so expressive that she found it a task to even look at him at times. Instead, the girl focused all her attention on the leather-bound book in her hand, steadfastly ignoring Harry who was doing the same right beside her. She was distinctly aware of how close he was due to the fact that their shoulders brushed against each other's every few minutes. It had taken most of the afternoon but by the time they had to return to the Gryffindor Tower, Hermione was sure she had found the answer. She was filled with sudden insight as she read the passage within the book and immediately discern the answer to the mystery of the golden egg. "I've figured it out, Harry!" Hermione exclaimed. Suddenly, she was right in his face, thrusting the book right under his glasses. "It's water Harry - oh, I should've known! You have to open the egg underwater!" Immediately, Harry wrapped the girl in a hug. "You're a genius, 'Mione. A right genius! I don't know what I would've done without you!" As she was pulled into the warm embrace, Hermione tried not to think about the fact that her heart had skipped a beat nor about how warm her face was. 'Harry is just a friend,' she told herself. 'Just a friend,' "Mr. Potter, stay behind after class!" The stern voice of Professor McGonagall caused a sliver of fear to run down the spine of the Boy-Who-Lived as he attempted to make his out Transfiguration class. He was rooted to the spot and could only grit his teeth as he heard the not-so-discreet snickers from the other Gryffindors as they made their way past him (but not before making sure to brush past him roughly). Hermione could only send him a weak smile before motioning the fact that she would be waiting for him outside. He grinned shyly at her concern. He wasn't lying back at the library when he had said he wasn't sure what he would have done without her. She was truly heaven-sent. He mouthed a quick 'Thanks,' to his lone staunch supporter before turning to address his head of house. Speaking of the professor, Harry could do nothing to stop the bout of self-loathing he felt whenever he met her gaze. He had been blindsided by the hatred from his peers but had hoped that the same could not be said for the staff. Of course, Snape (he refused to call that man a professor) was a given. The greasy potion master had made his distaste for anything Potter quite clear since day one. But for his own head of house and his favorite his teacher to think so low of him was a blow to Harry. When he had just entered the school, he remembered that beneath her stern glare and sharp words, the woman was as affectionate as they came, evening shedding a few tears when Hermione had been petrified by the basilisk. He could even swear that there was a glimmer of amusement at some of the twins pranks. Now, however, that was replaced by a withering glare and a look that made the boy feel so horrible about himself that a jump from the top of the Astronomy Tower seemed a better alternative. "Yes, professor?" McGonagall made a show of ignoring the boy's question as she sorted listlessly through a stack of paper on her desk. He knew she heard him but he didn't dare speak again, fearing that she would it