"Are you hurt?" Remus shouted as Sirius fell to the floor as soon as they apparated into their flat. "Yes. My shoulder," Sirius growled, wishing he had been just a little faster before that Death Eater cursed him. "Hold still," Remus said, kneeling on the floor and lifting up the arm of Sirius's robes to get a good look at his shoulder. "Can you fix it?" Sirius asked. Remus stared down at Sirius with concern. His honey-brown hair was matted with sweat and dirt. He had a cut on his lip. "I don't know. I don't think so. I'll send for help," Remus said. Sirius closed his eyes and felt darkness overtake him. Sirius awoke to morning light pouring in from the bedroom window of their flat. All was silent. He felt exhausted but his shoulder didn't hurt anymore and there were no marks. He was lying in bed, shirtless and in those muggle pyjama bottoms Remus had bought him as part of their goal of fitting in while they lived so close to Muggles. Sirius groaned and Remus darted into the room. "You're awake. Thank Merlin. I was getting worried," Remus said, coming over to Sirius's side. "It seems I've been well tended to," Sirius said faintly. "I sent for a healer as fast as I could. You'll be as good as new after some rest," Remus said. "Cheers. Merlin, what would I do without you, Remus?" Sirius asked. Remus made a small smile, his perfect mouth full of tenderness, the cut from the night before already healing well. "Dumbledore thinks we should be careful for a few days. No going outside the flat unless we absolutely have to," Remus said. "James and Lily? Peter?" Sirius asked, the chaos of the night before replaying in his mind. "Are all fine and accounted for. Would you like some tea?" Remus asked. "Yes. Please," Sirius asked and Remus exited the bedroom. Sirius sighed. His chest felt tight and a pain entirely unrelated to his cursed shoulder arose in his mind. The true curse of his mind was the secret he carried. It had been eating him alive for years. It wasn't his fault, not really. One couldn't control their own emotions. He couldn't control the hideousness inside of himself, that dirty thing his mother had always suspected was there. Muggleborns at Hogwarts had a word for it: gay. That's what Sirius was. Gay. He had been repeating the word inside of his head for years, hoping that the more he said it the more at ease he would feel. But it didn't make him feel any better. His mother was still in his head, spewing slurs, hate and insults. Sirius started going to a gay club for Muggles in London, thinking that community would make him feel better. He got lots of attention. He was young and good looking. Sirius had never doubted his looks. Girls at Hogwarts had fawned over him. He tried having a girlfriend in fourth year but he couldn't do it. He couldn't fake it, no matter how much he tried. The men at the club were good looking and vivacious. Many of them were no doubt experienced in the sorts of things that Sirius had only dreamed and fantasised about, late at night in his bed in the Gryffindor dormitory. Sirius could've gone home with someone but it wouldn't have felt right. Because of him… Because of Remus. It was only natural that Sirius fell for Remus Lupin. He was good looking, a little reserved but not too reserved, dangerous and taboo in way that would make his mother faint and he was completely and utterly emotionally unavailable. Sirius couldn't blame Remus for keeping such a tight control over himself. He was a werewolf, for Merlin's sake. Remus was the last one to find out Sirius was gay. James had naturally got the first honour. He earned that right as his best mate and brother in spirit. After the thing with the girl in fourth year fizzled out, James asked and Sirius answered truthfully, feeling like an enormous weight had been lifted off of him. Peter found out in fifth year. Sirius still wasn't sure how Peter found out. James swore he never told Peter and there was no way James would lie or break his trust. Perhaps, Peter heard a rumour and he had merely decided to trust it. Sirius had avoided letting Remus know for as long as he could. Remus knowing he was gay was one step too close to Remus knowing that he was in love with him. Sirius couldn't risk the friendship by ever letting Remus know how he felt. Sirius could tell that James and Peter had tired of keeping the secret and even Lily seemed distressed as she abhorred keeping things from her best friend. So, Sirius did it. I'm gay . The last day of seventh year he said the words, flatly, succinctly and without warning. Yeah , had been Remus's only reply. He didn't seem surprised. His face showed nothing at all, his brown eyes turning out towards the lake. Sirius had built the whole thing up in his head. For a moment he had allowed himself to envision a scenario where Remus was overjoyed and proclaimed his undying love for Sirius and they kissed by the lake, not fearing who was watching. Instead they said nothing else about it. That was six months ago. Now he and Remus were hiding out in a London flat. They were living together. It was Remus's idea. Let's give James and Lily some space , he'd said. They took turns sleeping on the sofa or sleeping on the bed. Sirius had cried himself to sleep more times than he could possibly count. The pain of being so close to the one you love so wholly absent of intimacy or reciprocity was a torment that no person should find themself burdened with. He still feared Remus finding out the truth that he secretly carried. What if Remus freaked out and abandoned him? The thought of being at Order meetings with Remus and Remus avoiding even looking at Sirius wounded Sirius more than he could take. The war did make for an occasional distraction. When things were busy there wasn't much time for pining. But then things got quiet, say after a dangerous night on the job and an injury after which Dumbledore tells them to stay inside… together. When things weren't busy Remus spent a lot of time playing his record player and sketching in his notepad. He blasted those Muggle bands that he loved. Pink Floyd. Led Zeppelin. Queen. Or sometimes he put on something soft with acoustic guitars and harmonies like Crosby, Stills and Nash. Sirius had thought it was all garbage back when they were thirteen and he played some of his record collection for them all. But falling for Remus made everything he loved seem so much more important. On days when Remus sat silently in a chair lost in his own world, with his sketchpad or a book, Sirius never knew what do with himself. He had always hated doing things alone. Sirius wanted to be with his friends. He wanted the Marauders to be together like they had been at school. But war complicates matters as does your best mate marrying his girlfriend months after they finished Hogwarts. We should give them space , Remus had said. So they gave them space so that they could do all the things that Sirius wished he was doing with Remus. So, Sirius went to the clubs and danced with gorgeous strangers that weren't Remus. You're so tall and pretty , they would whisper in his ear. Sirius would blush but when they invited him home with them he couldn't do it. He couldn't shag a stranger. He wasn't sure he could shag anyone who wasn't Remus Lupin. The idea bordered on repulsion. The flame he carried burned for only one man and it would he would let it consume him before he ever gave it to another. Remus came back in to the bedroom with a cup of tea, setting it down on the end table next to Sirius. "Thanks, Moony," Sirius said. Remus smiled brightly. "You never call me Moony when we're alone, anymore. I was wondering why you had stopped," Remus said. Sirius felt himself turning red. He had stopped calling him Moony without ever noticing. Merlin, how could he have never noticed? For all those years at Hogwarts he had called him Moony with affection, even when they weren't with the other boys. But then school ended. Sirius came out and Remus gave him no reaction. Something inside him had died that day. "Oh. I hadn't noticed. I guess… things felt different. With the war and all," Sirius half lied. "If I've ever done anything… I'm sorry," Remus said, looking so regretful that Sirius almost wondered if he was thinking of that moment. I'm gay. Yeah. "Of course, not," Sirius lied. Remus smiled. "That's good to know, Padfoot," Remus said and got up from the bed. "What are you going to do?" Sirius asked. "Drink my tea. After that I don't know. I was thinking about reading Lord of the Rings again," Remus said. Sirius gave Remus a skeptical look. "It can't really be that good," Sirius insisted. "I've read it four times. The magic is all wrong but the story is good. And good triumphs over evil. It makes me feel better about the way things are going. Fiction has a certain power," Remus said. Sirius had never thought about it that way. He gave Remus a smile despite himself. Remus smiled back then left the bedroom. Moments later the stereo was playing Led Zeppelin and Sirius coaxed himself back to sleep, wishing Remus was there beside him. "Evening, Moony," Sirius said, stirring Remus out of his Lord of the Rings induced trance. Remus turned around to see Sirius standing at the doorway to the bedroom, tall and shirtless. His long, dark hair was a mess. Remus felt an urge to take a brush to it, though he also thought it made him a bit sexy. "Aren't you cold? It's the middle of November," Remus said. Sirius shrugged. Remus certainly didn't want to deny himself such a sight but his first should be for Sirius's comfort. "I suppose I can find a shirt," Sirius said, popping back into the bedroom. A moment later, he was back out wearing a grey tee-shirt, his hair having been somewhat brushed. Sirius normally took impeccable care of his hair but under the circumstances he couldn't be faulted for a little bit of messy hair. "How's the book going?" Sirius asked. "Frodo's made it to Rivendell. This is where it really starts to get pick up," Remus said, closing the book with his bookmark safely inside. "Good job, sir hobbit," Sirius said, laying back on the sofa. "You were able to sleep through the music?" Remus asked. "Yes. I'm used to it by now. It's almost calming," Sirius said. Remus got up from the the dining table and came over to sit in the chair opposite Sirius, desiring to be closer to him. "My mum played me children's records when I was young. It helped me get to sleep. Especially before… you know," Remus said, remembering distant nights when he could feel the change approaching. Remus never told anyone how scary it was, how sick it made him feel, how letting go of his control to allow the change happen was almost better than all the waiting for it to happen. It wasn't easy growing up a monster. A freak. To feel an inner part of yourself that was so at odds with the image that you had for yourself. Knowing that this was something done to you that could never be undone… But then Hogwarts came and so did his friends. The Marauders. They saved his life.