Lily's alarm went off at six in the morning. She grabbed her phone and turned it off. A calendar notification read 'Sex with James' for April 18, 2015. Lily had never scheduled sex before. She certainly had never scheduled sex an entire month in advance. James hadn't wanted to force Remus and Sirius to get out of the house too fast. Even though he was definitely spending more time with Sirius than ever, Remus had still been retreating to his room, working aggressively on his fanfic, Reliquary of Blood . It seemed clear that everyone wanted things to go back to normal for a time, after out of town trips from the previous month. So Lily and James were relegated to making out and going as far as they could go without actually doing the deed. They could've fucked, certainly. But after all these months… they really wanted to let loose and get it all out. Or as Lily kept telling James as they made out in the dark of night, behind the house: "I don't just wanna get off, I wanna get fucked." If she just wanted an orgasm she could just masturbate, but she wanted more than that. She didn't want to start their sex life trying to hide it and be quiet. She wanted to really go for it. She'd thought about with James every which way her highly creative mind could imagine and she wanted to get off to good start with her new boyfriend. Lily hopped out of bed, wanting to start the day swiftly, Flitwick the cat jumping off the bed and following after her. She had got to bed early the night before and was making sure to have coffee and breakfast immediately. She wanted to make sure she had more than sufficient energy for the day. Remus and Sirius had agreed to spend a day out around the town taking photographs and… doing whatever. Lily wasn't sure what they were going to do, though she was looking forward to Remus's rundown afterwards, though she also was hoping to be deep into a sex and weed induced coma by then. While she was downstairs, Flitwick circling her ankles, Remus and Sirius popped into the kitchen. "Morning," Sirius said. "Morning," Lily echoed with a smile at them. "We're getting out, as requested and paid for," Sirius said. "It's not even six-thirty. No need to rush off," Lily said. "It's no big deal. We know… uh… how difficult things have been for the two of you," Remus said. Lily laughed then shook her head. "It's not like James is going to come downstairs and we're just going to immediately start going at it. He's not even awake yet," Lily said. Remus shrugged but continued to grin with apparent glee. "Have fun. I'd say don't do anything I wouldn't do but…" Sirius trailed off then laughed. "You guys have fun too," Lily said and they left the kitchen. Sirius grabbed Remus's hand as they left and Lily privately clapped in excitement. Things really were working out between them! Lily'd had two cups of coffee before James finally wandered down, wearing a blue t-shirt and grey pyjama bottoms. His hair at least looked like he'd attempted to brush it but it always seemed a bit untamable. "Hey," Lily said. "Hey. How'd you sleep?" James asked. "Amazingly," Lily replied. "I slept… all right. Could've been better," James said then walked over to her. Lily leaned up into his kiss, his lips soft and strong. Flitwick made a sound then ran away, possibly offended he wasn't getting sufficient attention. "You taste like coffee," he said, pulling away and chuckling. "Want some?" she asked. "Nah. I'm good. I try to limit my caffeine intake," James said. "As long as you've got plenty of energy… I'm gonna put you to work," Lily said then laughed and leaned up to kiss him again. James pushed against her, forcing her against the counter next to the sink. She moaned as he placed his hands on her hips, pulling her against him. "Mmm. Don't you think you should have some breakfast?" Lily asked. "Yeah. Probably. Turns out I'm really horny," James said. "I can tell," Lily said, feeling his erection poking her belly and giggling. "Sorry. At least the boys aren't here to catch us," James said, leaning down to kiss her again. "Trust me, I'm pretty turned on too," Lily said, James's hand sliding up her side and Lily feeling all her blood draining to her core. "OK. Food. Right. Eating… Food," James said. "Where'd all the blood in your brain go?" Lily asked, sticking out her tongue. James sighed then pulled away, looking regretful. The bulge in his pyjamas was obvious and she smirked at it. James laughed and turned away in embarrassment. Lily stepped forward and squeezed his ass with both her hands. "Shit," James groaned as Lily's hands slid around his butt to the tops of his thighs. "Sorry. Your butt is so damn sexy. You should eat. I'll… go upstairs and wait," Lily said, stepping away. "That sounds great. I'm… looking forward to… coming up," James said then winked. Lily giggled as she dashed upstairs. James entered the bedroom roughly twenty minutes later, a happy grin on his face. "Window open?" James asked, raising an eyebrow. "It's not like anyone can see us. I like a little warmth and sunlight," Lily said. "That's fair. Smells like spring," James said. Lily looked James up and down. Lying there in bed she had felt her sexual desire growing minute after minute and somehow he looked even sexier than he had earlier. She licked her lips then gave him a seductive smile. James laughed and said, "You look like someone has just served you a big juicy steak… erm… I mean… you're vegan so… a big juicy… salad?" "Something like that. I feel like you're wearing too many clothes," Lily said, though she was wearing shorts and a tank top herself. "What? Do you want me to do a striptease?" James asked, looking shy. "Oh! Would you?" Lily said, sitting up in anticipation, her back against the headboard. "Oh God," James said, covering his face with his hands. "I mean… you don't have to," Lily said. "No. I will. Maybe just… give me some music?" James said. Lily pulled her laptop over and quickly opened up iTunes, clicking play on her sexy playlist with a nice slow beat. "I need you to know I've never done this," James said as he began to sway with the beat. Lily bit her bottom lip with approval at the way James moved his hips. "It's just like taking your clothes off but slower and with more prancing," Lily said. "I'm not exactly wearing much," James said as he grabbed at the rim of his shirt. "That's not a problem for me," Lily said. James continued to sway with the beat as he pulled his shirt up, slowly revealing his dark torso. James wasn't ripped but he was well-toned. Dark hairs graced his navel, providing a downward path to his groin. James slowed even more as he pulled the shirt up over his small, dark nipples. Lily let out a pleased sound, imagining herself sucking on them. James removed his shirt and dramatically tossed it aside, knocking a teddy bear off a table. "Shit!" James said rushing over to put the bear back in place while Lily clutched her belly in laughter. "It's fine. Keep going," Lily said, covering her mouth to prevent any further laughter. James clutched the rim of his pyjama bottoms. He was hard again, his bulge having reappeared, but Lily was hoping he would turn around so she could get a good look at his ass. James tugged at the rim, letting it pop back into place several times before finally pulling it down. "Turn around?" Lily suggested then James did just that. He pulled his pyjamas down, revealing the silky green boxers that underneath, lightly clinging to his bottom. James stepped out of his pyjamas then stretched. Lily admired the form of his back muscles and ready for the final article of clothing to come off. James turned his head back and smiled at Lily who was clapping for his benefit. "Welp… Only one thing left to go…" James said, gripping his boxers and slowly sliding them down, revealing the fine, smooth shape of his ass. Lily whistled in approval, pleased to discover it was just as amazing as she imagined. "Oh, James, I've discovered my second favorite part of your body," Lily said. "What's the first?" he asked, slipping his boxers off his feet. "Your face. Duh. Those pretty eyes, full lips. So handsome… but dorky," Lily replied, feeling more than ready for James to join her on the bed as 'What is Love' by Haddaway started to play on her laptop. What is love? Baby don't hurt me Don't hurt me No More "It's the glasses isn't it?" James said, turning around, giving her the first full view of his erection. Lily had certainly wondered what his penis looked like, not because it mattered but because of natural sexual curiosity. James's cock seemed what to Lily's mind was relatively average in terms of length, but seemed quite thick. It was circumcised, which statistically wasn't surprising, but Lily didn't care about that at all. "Hey, eyes are up here!" James joked, pointing at his face. "Just need to perform an inspection," Lily said, sticking her tongue out. "Perhaps, I should come a little closer then," James said, walking around to her side of the bed. Lily liked the way sun lit up his naked body as he passed her bedroom window. There really wasn't much of a chance of anyone seeing anything unless they happened to come down the drive to the house and stand at exactly the right angle. Personally, Lily liked the idea of being watched but didn't want to force anyone to watch who wasn't interested. James took his glasses off then set them down on her nightstand. He stood by the side of the bed and Lily crawled over, kneeling in front of him. She could feel heat radiating off his body and placed a fingertip on his torso, trailing it down to his navel. Lily made a twirly motion with her finger to get James to turn around and he did so, placing his beautiful ass right in front of her. Lily cupped his ass with the palms of her hand, gently squeezing. "Damn. I mean… damn ," Lily said, struggling to find any other words. James just chuckled as her fingers traced the curves of his bottom. It was too perfect for words anyway. "You can turn around if you want," Lily said and James did just that. Lily smiled and waved at his erection making James laugh. "Now what?" James asked. "I'm not sure. I guess I should get my clothes off," Lily said. Lily quickly pulled off her tank top. James's eyes fixed on her chest as she lifted up to quickly pull her shorts off, under which she was not wearing any underwear. "So is it OK if I umm… should we," James said then Lily reached behind James, grabbing his ass and pulling him toppling over onto the bed as they both laughed. Lily rolled over on top of him, quickly finding his mouth as she felt his erection sliding between her thighs. James's large hands squeezed her ass as their mouths moved together with hunger. James felt so hot and Lily was suddenly very aware of the hot, wet ache between her legs. Lily moved her mouth to his throat and gave the side of his neck a slow suck as he loudly gasped. "God, James. I'm really worked up. It's so hard to choose which way to move because I want to do everything… all at once," Lily breathed into James's ear. "I've got an idea," James said,