Remus knew the exact moment he became obsessed with Seattle. A friend when he was ten had a bunch of old nineties alt-rock CDs he'd inherited from his older sister. His friend liked Green Day, Smashing Pumpkins and Stone Temple Pilots. Remus preferred the Seattle grunge bands: Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, Screaming Trees and others. He consumed everything he could that was Seattle related and dreamed of living there. The city of grunge had since morphed into a hipster tech-savvy city but it also had a significant queer population. People like Remus lived there. The truth was that if it weren't for his friendship with Lily he might've moved there when he was eighteen, assuming he could afford it and maybe even if he couldn't. When Lily asked what he wanted to do to celebrate his birthday he wasted no time in saying he wanted to go to Seattle. Lily countered by suggesting Portland because it was basically the same place, but closer. Remus countered that if she was driving he wouldn't force her to go somewhere she didn't want to but if she was asking him, it was what he really wanted. Lily had thankfully smiled in response and gave him a big hug, saying that she would take him where he wanted. Lily was a good friend. Perhaps a much better friend than he deserved. Once the destination had been settled, they had to figure out more practical concerns. How long would they stay? How were they going to pay for it? Remus certainly didn't expect Lily to pay for everything. She didn't really make that much more money than he did and had more bills than he did. He was benefitting from her only charging him three-hundred dollars a month for renting the attic which allowed him to save a lot of money. He knew there was no other way he could get a room anywhere for a price that low. Plus, Remus didn't exactly live an extravagant life. A side effect of being an introvert was never going out to spend money. And he didn't particularly like owning a lot of things anyway. His only other bill aside from the rent was Netflix. So, Remus agreed to split the hotel costs for the two nights they were staying there and take care of as much of the food and gas as possible. It would burn through his savings but he thought it would be worth it. The only thing that stung was not being able to take Sirius with them. Aside from the fact that this was Lily's gift to him for his birthday Sirius was also still in school during the week and shortly after getting back would be traveling to San Francisco with James for spring break. Not being able to see Sirius for a couple of days would be sad but Remus hoped he would be distracted by Seattle. That morning before the drive. he woke up early, unable to sleep due to the excitement. They were leaving at six the day before his birthday so that he would be able to spend all of his actual birthday in Seattle. The drive would take them eight hours, not counting stopping for breakfast so part of the first and third days would be spent on the drive. The upside to waking up early is that Sirius was up making his morning coffee while Remus was still waiting for Lily to come downstairs from her shower. "Hey, you," Sirius said with a smile. "Hey," Remus said. Sirius poured coffee into his thermos with delicate ease, as if he had been trained in those particular movements of hand, arm and wrist by some sort of expert. Remus couldn't pour soup into a bowl without spilling half of it all over the counter. "Gonna be weird having such an empty house. You and Lily gone. Peter at Maddy's house…" Sirius said turning around with a sad smile. "You and James aren't gonna take the opportunity to raise some hell?" Remus asked with a raised eyebrow. Sirius snickered. "If it was a few years ago we might've. But instead… we'll probably just study and get ready for San Francisco. Oh… That reminds me… I… I wanted to float something by you," Sirius said. "Float it and I'll see if I can pull it out of the water," Remus said, immediately cringing at his own poor attempt at a joke. "Originally Peter was supposed to go with us but he dropped out. I was wondering… James and I were wondering if you… uh… wanted to take his place?" Sirius said, cringing almost as if expecting a no. Remus froze, feeling stunned. It was one thing going to Seattle with Lily who was his actual comfort blanket and another thing entirely to head down to San Francisco for an entire week with a couple of guys who he liked but whom hadn't achieved comfort blanket status. "Sure. Maybe. Umm… L-Let me think about it?" Remus stammered. "Well… you can't wait too long. We're leaving Saturday," Sirius said. Remus felt suddenly filled with panic. He wanted to say yes as much as he wanted to say no. "I'll tell you by the time I get back from Seattle. It's a lot to take in… at once," Remus said. Sirius smiled. "Fair enough. I look forward to your answer," Sirius said. "Hey guys," another voice said from behind Remus. "I just asked Remus about San Francisco, James," Sirius said. Remus turned around to flash James Potter a smile before quickly averting his eyes as per usual. "Cool," James said, going over and opening the refrigerator. James was dressed sharply. For such a laid back and cool guy, he was a bit of a prep. He looked the sort of guy that would've bullied him in high school but it was clear that James Potter wasn't the type to be mean to someone who didn't deserve it, at least according to Sirius. "I'll tell you guys what I decide soon," Remus said. "Take your time," James said. Remus smiled and left the room, feeling a little overwhelmed by anxiety. There was a lot of chatting happening downstairs, Lily realized, as she walked stepped out of her bedroom, backpack strapped onto her back. She marched downstairs wishing she had time to put a whole lot of caffeine in her body. She had gotten stoned out of her mind the night before, knowing that she probably wouldn't be getting high the next couple of days, even if marijuana was legal in Washington. Lily arrived downstairs and walked into the kitchen. She poked James in the back and he turned around, quickly giving her a slow, soft kiss. Oh, she would miss making out with James more than she was going to miss smoking pot, that was for damn sure. He never failed to take her breath away. "Damn. If I'd known that was the kind of goodbye you were gonna give me I would've came down sooner," Lily said, feeling flushed. James laughed and shrugged, running dark fingers through his hair in that way that always looked cooler than it should. Lily leaned up and kissed him again then giggled as she pulled away. "Goodbye, Sirius," Lily said. "What? You're not gonna kiss me goodbye too?" Sirius joked. Lily just rolled her eyes and left the kitchen to meet up with Remus. The truth was she'd love to find out what kissing Sirius was like but she knew he wasn't really expecting a kiss and she didn't want to step on Remus's toes. Just because you were poly didn't mean you had to be careless with people's feelings and comfort, in Lily's opinion. "Ready?" Lily asked Remus, who was literally standing on the doormat and looking antsy. "I was born ready," Remus said with a big grin. "OK. Let's go. Goodbye, boys. Don't burn my house down or I will have to kill you both," Lily said with a wink. "Burn the house down, you said? Will do," James called out, making Lily snort. Remus went outside to Lily's car and she followed. By the time she had reached the car he had already put his seat belt on. Lily opened her car door and laughed. "You're not the least bit excited, are you?" Lily snarked. "Not even a little bit," Remus grinned. Lily looked around. The sun would be up before too long. She was hoping to enjoy some of the Oregon coast before they had to abandon it to get on I-5. She was also looking forward to driving through Portland. She credited Portlandia to arousing her interest in the city. She had shown some of it to Remus before but he didn't seem to get the humor. She was looking forward to attending Portland pride that summer. For years she had been dreaming of attending pride in a city that was really packed with a lot of queer people. She had mentioned it to Remus and he had been non-committal. She knew he would probably do almost anything she wanted to do out of loyalty so she was always careful to make sure he really wanted to do things before making too much of a fuss. She hoped he would come with her to Portland pride and hoped this trip to Seattle would help him come out of his shell some more. She also thought Sirius might enjoy pride as well. He apparently had never attended pride in San Francisco for various reasons. She thought Sirius would benefit from loosening his collar a little and experiencing the sheer joy and wholeness pride provided. Or he would be like Mary and decry it as capitalist trash that didn't do enough to represent queer people who were bi, trans or ace. Lily felt she could see the problem with the latter and still enjoy the former but she was sympathetic towards those who couldn't. Lily plugged her iPod in and started the playlist she assembled of Seattle bands. Remus grinned as the music started to play. "Here we go," Lily said. Did I say that I need you? Oh, oh, did I say that I want you? Oh, oh, if I didn't I'm a fool you see No one knows this more than me As I come clean Remus awoke to Pearl Jam playing over the stereo. They had stopped in Coos Bay for lunch and were now on the way to Portland. Lily was singing along with the song, probably sounding better than Eddie Vedder himself did. "I dozed off," Remus admitted. "I noticed. That's fair. I would probably nap too, if I could," Lily said. Remus checked his phone. Two texts from Sirius: Hope you are having a safe drive! Thinking of reading Reliquary of Blood again. Remus grinned and replied with a smiley face. "Flirting with your boy?" Lily teased. "He's not my boy!" Remus laughed before adding, "At least I don't think he is?" "The suspense is killing me, man! Will they? Won't they? That shit drives me up the wall!" Lily said then snickered. "You're one to talk," Remus said. "Hey, I have no illusions about what's happening between me and James Potter. Will we? Yes, we will. We will so much you won't even believe it. We're gonna will everywhere every minute of every day," Lily said, then cackled. "Can we agree my bed is off limits?" Remus said. "I don't just mean sex, dork! I mean… you know. Everything," Lily said. "Maybe I am taking things too slow with Sirius. I'm almost twenty-one and don't have one partner. You're twenty-one and nearly have three. I need to get with the program," Remus complained. "Do you think you could ever do it?" Lily asked. "Sex?" Remus asked in shock. "No! Polyamory. Or non-monogamy?" Lily said. "I mean we've had this conversation before… But I mean… I guess? It's hard to picture it happening to me.