The house was at the end of an unusually long driveway, up a small hill. Once it came fully into view Sirius pulled out his phone and took a picture of it. It was nothing special. Just a faded yellow house that seemed incongruous with the grey December skies. It had probably been built in the sixties and renovated a few times since. The paint was faded but it didn't look that old. "Doesn't look like much," Sirius said, his breath visible in the cold air. "Dude, it's practically on the coast," his best friend James said, with a look of disbelief. James was house really wasn't on the coast but the coast was certainly visible in the horizon. This was the fifth place they had looked at this week and only looked great because it wasn't packed with other students. The Craigslist ad had described it as a fixer-upper but the rent was on the low end of what Sirius could afford. James could afford more but he had promised Sirius he would follow no matter where he went. The ad had few details about the residents of the house. There were two of them including an owner named Lily. Sirius had only communicated with her via email and text. He pictured her as being vaguely middle aged and folksy. The other resident was presumably her partner of indeterminate gender. Sirius kept holding out hope for queer roommates but all the other places they looked at were seemingly occupied by cishets. It would be nice to be able to relax about being queer and trans for once. Sirius and James arrived on the porch, Sirius finding the creaking of the wood oddly unsettling. The only furniture on porch was an old wooden chair that didn't look especially comfy or stable. James knocked on the door and got no response. "Are you sure this is the right place?" James asked. "Yeah," Sirius said but he double checked the address just in case. James knocked again and the door finally unlocked then quickly opened. A young woman, perhaps their age, stood behind the door. She was a smiling figure with dark-red hair, incredibly striking green eyes and a light brown complexion. She distinctly smelled like pot. "You're here to see the house?" she asked. "Yeah," Sirius said. "Great. Come inside. Please," she said, stepping aside. James and Sirius wiped their feet aggressively on the welcome mat then stepped inside the house. The floors were all wooden and every step they made echoed just a little through the house. There was barely any furniture in the house, minus a few old and very dusty paintings and a sofa that looked nearly as old but somewhat more comfortable than the old chair on the porch. "I'm Lily, by the way," the owner said, extending her hand to both of them to shake. "James," James said, shaking her hand. "Sirius,' Sirius said before doing the same. "Cool. So, let me show you around. Remus and I literally just moved in three days ago. I'm sorry it's so cold. The heater doesn't work," Lily said, cringing. She was far cuter than what Sirius had envisioned the owner of this home looking like. She was tallish and chubby. In her red sweater and dark-blue pyjama bottoms she looked cozy. Sirius glanced at James as they followed her into the kitchen. Sirius smiled and tried to suppress a chuckle at the way James was looking at their new potential roommate. He seemed very pleased to meet her. "This is the kitchen. Umm… I don't think the dishwasher works. The oven seems kinda new. It works fine. The microwave is new. I bought that," Lily said, gesturing around the kitchen. "This place seems kinda big. Bigger than I thought," James said. "Yeah, it's bigger on the inside," Lily said, grinning proudly. James gave a big laugh for what Sirius thought was a slightly outdated Doctor Who reference. God, they were already flirting, Sirius thought with some annoyance. Sirius had conflicting thoughts on he heard people talk about it and the things they loved about it he was mostly freaked out. And then you add in the notion of heartbreak and it didn't seem any more appealing. Romance was passé and an old way of handling relationships. He prided himself on never succumbing to those baser urges to pair up and mate, feeling like he was perfectly fine on his own. He supposed he couldn't discount the possibility that he could meet someone but in twenty years of life no one incredible enough had presented themselves. The idea of sex was intellectually appealing to some small degree. He experienced the physical response but he had never felt the urge to go out and find a person to do it with. He really didn't see what the big deal was. It seemed such a strange thing for people to obsess over. He didn't understand why anyone would want to have sex for the sake of it. Surely, it wasn't that great and he couldn't imagine just hooking up with someone. "Obviously, there's plenty of cupboard space for everyone," Lily said, opening and shutting some cupboards. "Looks good," James said, Sirius briefly catching James glancing at her butt as she leaned up to open a cupboard. Lily then showed them the dining room, complete with an old but sturdy-looking table that matched the other furnishings. "I actually got this table at Goodwill. Umm… Yeah, I inherited this place from my Great Aunt. She didn't have any kids and my sister is married and they have their own house. But most of the furniture and stuff still went to other relatives or got sold. But I want to make it nice," Lily said, smiling and nodding in a way that projected confidence. "Sooo there are two rooms and maybe the basement that I'm trying to rent out right now. One room is downstairs, another is upstairs and the basement is… Oh. Uh… Well, it's a basement," she said and laughed with a snort. "Is there an attic?" Sirius asked, thinking it could be neat to live in an attic. "Yeah. My friend Remus lives up there," Lily said. So Remus wasn't her partner, apparently. James was probably happy about that, Sirius wagered. "Is he home?" James asked. "Yeah. Hopefully, he'll come down at some point. He's kinda shy," Lily said apologetically. "I guess show us the upstairs room first," Sirius said. They walked back through the kitchen to the hallway by the living room and headed up the wooden staircase, a distinct marijuana smell increasing as they made their way up. "This is my room," Lily said, gesturing at the door on the right side of the hallway that was half open and clearly the source of the marijuana smell. Inside the door Sirius could see a bed that was covered in stuffed animals, boxes strewn about the floor, an acoustic guitar leaning against a corner and a few fancy looking bongs on a table. A large pansexual flag hung over her bed and Sirius resisted the urge to pump his fist in approval. "Nice," James said. Behind them were two doors. Lily opened one door and said, "We want to turn this into like a library-study type thing. Unless we end up needing the money, I guess." She then opened the other door and said, "So this is the upstairs room. It's larger than the downstairs room. Slightly. I can't really tell the difference." It was just an empty room, looking much like the rest of the house. "Are we going to fight over this one?" James said, playfully grinning at Sirius. "Nah. You take it," Sirius said, thinking it would not only be less crowded downstairs but the smell of marijuana might not be so constant. "This is the upstairs bathroom. It needs a new lightbulb. I can get that later," Lily said, flipping the switch repeatedly as if it might turn on if she tried enough. Sirius popped his head inside, swiping dark hair out of his eyes to behind his left ear. There was a conservatively sized shower surrounded by glass that Sirius was certain was no less than seventy-five percent transparent. He hoped the lock on the door worked. "Remus?" Lily called up to the door up the staircase at the end of the hallway that presumably lead to the attic. After there was no response she shrugged and headed back downstairs. The downstairs room looked identical to the upstairs room. "Yeah, I'll take it," Sirius said, looking forward to having a view of the coast out his back window. "Awesome. Do you guys want to see the basement space? Oh, do you know anyone who might be interested?" she pleaded. "Oh. Um. Maybe. Pete?" Sirius said, glancing at James and feeling bad for having forgotten to ask if there was room for Peter. "Our friend Peter lives with his mom right now. He's not really in the market now but I think he could be persuaded. What do you want for it?" James asked. "I'd take three-hundred a month for it. It's pretty small," Lily said. "I think I can convince him," James said. "Cool. That would be great," Lily said and lead them back to the kitchen where she opened a door that Sirius had before assumed was a closet but actually lead to a short sets of steps. The room below was in fact small but the walls were covered in wood unlike the rooms above. There was definitely enough room for a twin-size bed and a few small furnishing. Peter didn't own much, though, and Sirius bet he would be happy to be near the kitchen. "Is there another bathroom?" Sirius asked. "Yeah!" Lily said, taking them back down the hallway and opening the door next to the room Sirius had claimed. "Just a tub down here. But you'll have this bathroom to yourself most of the time… unless your friend moves in," Lily said. Sirius was rather fond of hot baths. He could already see himself putting on some music and relaxing with a nice bubble bath. "Nice," Sirius said. "OK. Anything else?" Lily asked, walking into the living room and leaning back against the sofa and smiling. "Do you have any plans for like… a TV? Maybe a stereo?" James asked. "I mostly just watch Netflix on my laptop," Lily said. "I've got a TV. It's really too big for my room anyway. I've also got an Xbox," James said, looking proud. "No shit? Well, hey, if you want to share, I won't say no. Do you smoke weed?" Lily asked hopefully. "Sometimes," James said. "Well, you'll have to smoke some weed with me sometime. My treat," Lily said with a grin. James rubbed a dark hand on his chin then with enthusiasm. "You're welcome to join too, Sirius," Lily said. Sirius shrugged. "I'm kinda neutral on pot. But thanks for the offer," Sirius said with a small smile. "OK. Cool. Well, when do you want to move in… or do you want more time to decide?" Lily asked. "Nah… I think we're sold. This weekend?" James said. "Sounds good to me. Maybe Remus will be feeling more social," Lily said, though she looked doubtful. Sirius was curious what this reclusive fellow in the attic was like. Certainly, not outgoing. "It was nice meeting you," Sirius said. "You too!" Lily said as they headed to the door. "Yeah," James said. "See you this weekend. Text me!" Lily said as they went out the front door. "Will do," James said as they headed back down the driveway. "Well?" Sirius said. "Well, what?" James replied. "Come on, man. I know you too well. Don't hold out on me," Sirius said, grinning with anticipation. "Yeah. OK. She's fucking cute. Really cute. Like… how is it even legal to be that cute? That's really unfair," James said. Sirius chuckled, thinking how predictable James was, though