An autumn breeze gave Ginny Weasley a chill as she walked up the steps to the Lovegood home, feeling nervous and sad. She had hardly seen or spoken to Luna since the the night when Fenrir Greyback ruined both their lives. That night Ginny lost her humanity and Luna lost her father. And then Ginny lost her boyfriend… well, that wasn't entirely true. She hadn't lost him… she had freed Harry. He had been away in Europe during the attack, seeking time to find himself. She had remained at home to finish school. The attack happened during Easter holiday. Luna had invited Ginny to stay the night… And then that beast showed up. When You-Know-Who was defeated Ginny thought their days of living through nightmares were over. She was mistaken. The attack happened and Harry returned. He blamed himself, of course. But the attack could have easily happened with him there. It happened so fast…Fenrir slashed her stomach with his claws then dug his teeth into her shoulder. He wasn't trying to kill her. He was infecting her… infecting Harry Potter's girlfriend. Harry stayed with her for the next couple of months, ensuring that the wolfsbane potion was working so that Ginny wouldn't harm anyone when she transformed. Things weren't good. Harry was grief stricken and nothing she could say relieved his pain. So she released him. She told him to go. Ginny couldn't bear it all. Perhaps, someday the two of them could make it work… but for now she just didn't want that feeling like her tragedy had ruined his life. Now Harry was busy working as an auror. Ginny had found herself lonely and Harry wasn't the only one she was missing. She missed her best friend too. Her life hadn't been the same without Luna Lovegood all these months. Luna had taken a trip around the world right after school. She had ambitions to become a magizoologist. The trip had been scheduled before her father's death and she chose not to abandon it. Luna always kept a cheerful demeanor but Ginny suspected that Luna had wanted to avoid the pain inside. Ginny sighed and knocked on the door, taking a moment to smooth over the dark-blue robes she wore. Best to get this over with, she supposed. The door opened, revealing Luna's smiling, wide eyed face. She was wearing bright orange robes and what appeared to be handcrafted bowtruckle earrings. The incongruity of it amused and comforted Ginny. She had truly missed Luna. "Luna," Ginny said, and stepped forward and embraced her friend tightly. "Hello, Ginny Weasley," Luna said in a wistful and pleased tone. "I've missed you," Ginny said, trying to pull her ever closer, comforted by the warmth in Luna's voice. "I've missed you too," Luna said. Ginny finally let Luna go. Luna smiled and stepped aside. "Won't you please come in?" she said. "Cheers," Ginny said then entered the newly rebuilt Lovegood family home. The house had still been finishing up repairs from its destruction the year before on the night Greyback attacked, with Luna and her father only living there part time during the repairs. Luna had spent the the two months since she had returned to Great Britain finishing up the repairs. Luna led Ginny upstairs to the living room. Ginny looked around. Things looked nicer than she remembered. There was now an assortment of items that Ginny presumed Luna had obtained during her trip. Not much furniture beyond what had already been there last time. "It looks nice, Luna," Ginny said, smiling over at her friend. "Thank you," Luna said with a proud smile. Ginny loved the curious curve of Luna's lips. Her thin top lip was a bit asymmetrical and her bottom lip was considerably more plump than the top, though you'd only notice it if you'd spent as much time admiring Luna as Ginny had. She'd heard kids at Hogwarts say nasty things about her, though none of them got away with it without getting punched if Ginny was within earshot. Luna's face had character. So she wasn't going be a wizarding fashion model. Luna was unique and wholly adorable. She had an innocence that Ginny envied. Ginny had carried her crush on Luna for years now. It had begun during their fourth year at Hogwarts. Before Dumbledore's Army, Ginny had certainly been fond of Luna. She thought Luna was interesting and cute. She admired her ability to not let people get under her skin. Once Dumbledore's Army formed they started spending a lot more time together. In-between their fourth and fifth years Ginny visited the Lovegood home frequently and stayed the night many times. Sometimes Luna would be going on about Moon Frogs or Crumple-Horned Snorkacks and Ginny would watch her mouth and think about what it would be like to kiss her. She had spent a considerable amount of time thinking about kissing Luna Lovegood but she never allowed herself to try it out. Luna had never shown any interest in girls as far as Ginny could see. Actually Ginny had never noticed Luna paying much attention to anyone of any gender in a romantic or sexual way. She never reported any crushes and rarely spent much time alone with anyone, aside from herself. "How are you?" Luna asked Ginny, startling her out of a daydream trance. "Fine. The transformations aren't so bad thanks to the wolfsbane potion," Ginny replied, tilting her head and giving Luna a pretend smile. "I've been worried about you," Luna said sadly. Ouch. It hurt to see Luna sad. Ginny looked away, crossing her arms over her chest. "I'm sorry. I should've been by to see you sooner. I just… After Harry I…" Ginny trailed off. Luna placed a hand on Ginny's shoulder. "I would never reject you. I just wanted to know you were safe," Luna said in her distant way. Ginny turned her head back to Luna and smiled. "I'm safe. How have you been?" Ginny asked, turning around. "All right. Been staying busy mostly," Luna said, her silver eyes searching the room. "Understandable… under the circumstances I mean," Ginny said. "Yes, I suppose so," Luna said, an unusual slight sadness to her tone. "I'm really sorry, Luna. I… I've never known what to say," Ginny said, her eyes feeling hot. "It's OK. Lots of people don't have parents right? Harry doesn't and he came out all right," Luna said with a faint smile. Ginny nodded and didn't mention that Harry still struggled with not having his parents. "So… see anything cool on your trip? Some Umgubular Slashkilters? Any Moon Frogs maybe?" Ginny asked. "No. I'm not sure believe in those things anymore," Luna said to Ginny's surprise. "Oh. Sorry," Ginny said. "Don't be sorry. I think my trip with the magizoologists opened my eyes, that's all. I still think there's a lot out there that we don't know about. But some things… some things just don't exist," Luna said in a matter of fact tone, her mouth twitching, almost into a frown. Ginny felt sad. She wanted to hug her friend but wasn't sure that would be enough to heal her inner suffering. "I'm sorry the living room isn't very comfortable right now. My room is better," Luna said and led Ginny up to the next floor. Luna had obviously worked hard to make the room as close to its original appearance as possible. The paintings of Ginny, Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville with the word 'friends' in gold ink and a circle around that connected them together had been restored. Now along with the picture of her mother hugging her was also a picture of her and her father, from Bill and Fleur's wedding two years before. The bed however was new. Big, blue and round and covered in pillows it looked very comfy indeed. Ginny laughed and fell back onto the bed and exhaled, groaning happily. "It's very nice, Luna," Ginny said as Luna plopped down. "Thank you," she replied. "I miss all those summer nights when I used to stay over," Ginny said. "Me too," Luna replied, falling back onto the bed next to Ginny, her dirty blonde hair hanging everywhere, including over her face. Ginny rolled over and brushed Luna's hair out of her face, while Luna smiled with embarrassment, blushing slightly. "You won't be able to breathe," Ginny insisted. "Thank you for saving me," Luna said flatly. Ginny fell back onto the bed, her own fiery red hair mingling with Luna's. "So how are things with you and Harry?" Luna inquired. "They aren't. We broke up. I thought you knew," Ginny said. "I didn't want to believe it, I suppose. I want you to be happy. You and Harry were so nice together," Luna said. "I am happy. I wasn't happy… but I am now. Anyhow.. What about you? Any romance?" Ginny asked. Luna giggled and shook her head. "Oh, no. I've never really been interested in that," Luna answered. "Never? You've never felt those butterflies in your stomach?" Ginny asked. Luna giggled some more. "Is that what they are? I feel happy when I think of all my friends. Are those butterflies?" Luna asked. Ginny felt a little sad. The evidence wasn't supporting her hope that perhaps Luna might feel something for her. "When you feel the butterflies… It's like… You want to get closer to that person. You think everything they do is special and interesting and you want them to feel the same way about you. You may even want to kiss them," Ginny said, turning her face towards Luna. "I've never kissed anyone. No one has ever tried to kiss me," Luna said. "Sometimes people are waiting for you to make the first move," Ginny said. Luna laughed. "Ginny Weasley, I don't think anyone is waiting for me to kiss them," Luna said, with whimsy rather than sadness. "You might be surprised. You're cuter than you know," Ginny said then Luna turned red and giggled. Ginny turned her head back towards the ceiling. It was exciting to dance around the hanging issue. She wasn't exactly confessing her very real feelings for Luna but it felt good to flatter her. "So you've never wanted to kiss anyone?" Ginny probed. "I didn't say that. I'll admit I've thought about it from time to time. I think about a lot of things. Life is filled with possibilities," Luna said proudly. "Indeed. Anyone specific? Neville?" Ginny said. Luna laughed. "Neville's nice. But I always thought he fancied Harry," Luna replied. Ginny turned to Luna in surprise. "Really? I never noticed," Ginny said, her mouth hanging open. "I notice things. People focus on the big picture so much that they miss all the details," Luna said. Ginny smiled, wondering if Harry and Neville would ever pursue something together. She was also wondering if her attraction to Luna was big picture or just details. Would Luna notice that? "So who is this mystery boy you've thought about kissing then?" Ginny asked. Luna tilted her head, smiling and said, "Who said it was a boy?" Ginny's heart leapt in her chest. She felt her body warming and she was suddenly very aware of how close Luna's face was. "I never knew you liked girls," Ginny said. "You never asked," Luna said softly. "So you think about kissing girls?" Ginny said, her heart slamming in her chest. "Just one girl," Luna said, her tongue flitting between her lips to wet them. "Oh?" Ginny asked, leaning ever so slightly closer. "Yeah," Luna said then Ginny closed her eyes and pressed her lips into Luna's. Luna's lips messily slid against Ginny's, her inexperience showing. But she still made soft, happy sounds that put delight in Ginny's soul. Ginny pulled away, feeling she was smiling harder than she ever had before. Luna's face had turned red and she was licking her lips again. "That was nice," Luna said. "Yes. Let's do it again. Try to follow my lead," Ginny said