Writer: Now our beautiful bushy haired bookworm will take it away. Hermione looks up from her book and shoots said writer a death glare before returning to her book. As the writer shivers, Harry elbows the author saying, "It's no shock you haven't created anything as good as Harry Potter if you are not smart enough to avoid disturbing Hermione while she is reading." I do not own any part of the Harry Potter Universe as such I'm only slightly sorry I may not agree with much of what J.K. Rowling did but I doubt I could really have done better. Harry Potter and the Endless Adventure's Beginning Harry stared at the ceiling from the soft feather mattress that was his for the length of his stay at the Leaky Cauldron. He was having trouble falling asleep after everything that had happened to him this evening. Scratch that, he thought, it's past midnight now so yesterday evening. It seemed like it had only been a few hours but really all of his problems had started building seven days ago. He had only been back at Private Drive for three weeks at that point but the unthinkable had happened. Uncle Vernon's sister, 'Aunt' Marge, had come over and was going to stay at #4 Privet Drive for a full week. He had been appalled, a full week of her presence and constantly having to deal with her comments about how inferior and worthless he was. The only benefit to having her around was that he at least got to eat a real dinner with the family every night as she liked to have him in her presence to make fun of at her wim. He had considered himself lucky that only one of her dogs, Ripper, was present, though nothing about that dog being present for any length of time was a good thing. Between it and Fluffy Harry was surprised that he could even stand to be around Fang for any length of time. Still he had managed to go six days with all the insults and the extra work that seemed to double daily to make the house spotless in Marge's wake. Six days of avoiding that demon dog that still seemed to see him as a chew toy from all those years ago when the dog had chased him up that tree. Admittedly he had not really dealt with them and instead had spent every waking moment he could as far away from the Dursley's as possible. Then, yesterday night, he had been serving everyone dinner when it had happened. He had gotten mad, so extremely mad, at what that horrible woman had been saying about his mother. When Marge had surreptitiously snuck in the fact that she thought he should be drown at birth he had lost control. He had been so angry that his magic had gotten away from him, he had felt it spill out of him. Looking back he couldn't help but feel a little disappointed that all it had done was cause her to expand and float away. Then came the arguing and the fighting which, in all honesty, he could only remember as a blur. He remembered threatening his Uncle and then his Uncle grabbing his trunk from his hand, thankfully ignoring Hedwig in her cage, and throwing it out onto the lawn demanding that he 'take his unnaturalness elsewhere'. He had only been two blocks away when he had released Hedwig from her cage and sent her to Hogwarts after asking her to find him whenever he was settled. As Hedwig fly away he saw another owl start to appear in the sky making its way towards him. As his luck would have it when he drew his wand he performed what he would find out was the English signal for the stranded witch or wizard that caused the Knight Bus to appear. Hurrying as fast as he could he shoved what money he had and asked to be taken to the first place magical he could think of, Diagon Alley. He was hoping against hope that he would lose what he knew was the Ministry owl tailing him. His master plan had not worked out like he hoped. He had only just managed to get a room at the Leaky Cauldron when the owl showed up again. Getting the room had been far easier then he had expected, and in retrospect he was going to look into why the landlord, Tom, stopped asking questions once Harry said that he was Muggle-raised. It was a troubling sign in his opinion. He had taken the mail with him to his room for the time being, the room which cost him a whopping galleon a day. He only just managed to get his trunk down, owl cage on the desk, and start opening the letter addressed to him when there was a knock on the door. Standing in the doorway had been a well dressed woman in a formal suit like dress thing wearing a monocle. He could tell from her expression, she was rather annoyed before she even said anything. What had followed was a five hour interrogation of what had caused him to use magic on a Muggle. She didn't seem to believe him when he said he had not meant to do so, but then again in every other situation were he had told an adult something they never believed him either. Then, against his wishes, she had dragged out every little detail she could about his time at Privet Drive, and how he could possible hate his family enough for him magic to attack them when it got away from him for a moment. Near the end of the interrogation, having learned everything about his former life, from him living in a cupboard to him being left in a tree over night, she seemed much more receptive and sympathetic towards him. She did however state she would be doing a complete follow up investigation on everything to verify that he was telling the truth. Then she had hesitated for a moment before proceeding to explain to Harry why, even though she was in charge of the wizard world's police force, she could not do anything to help him in his situation. As Muggle's they could not be tried in the magical world because all punishments for their crimes would involve magic, such as Azkaban. As the problem could be solved by leaving, like he had done, they could not claim the situation was a matter of life or death. The other option of turning it over to the Muggle police force would bring a inspection into his own life, and that would make it impossible for him to go to Hogwarts under the scrutiny. He had just nodded his head in understanding at what she had been saying. He was seeing it for what it was, another way that Muggleborns got the short end of the stick in the wizarding world. At close to two in the morning, she had prepared to leave and addressed her last piece of business. He had been, and still was, distressed to find out he was being fined one hundred and fifty galleons for the required work of the Obliviators and Accidental Magical Reversal Squad. Not having that kind of money on him, Harry had filled out what was explained to him as a cheque to his Gringotts trust vault. His final thoughts as he fell asleep was that if Hedwig was here when he woke up, he would write letters to Ron and Hermione hopefully one of them would be able to help him. If not he would have to make traveling to Gringotts to check on his account and get more money to pay for his extended stay at the Leaky Cauldron all the more urgent on his list of priorities. HPatEA Ginny smiled sadly to herself as she sat beneath an apple tree in the orchard outside her home. It was difficult for her to be here, her mother was being even more overprotective and overbearing than normal. Her father was being as loving as he had always been to her, but he seemed disappointed in her because of everything that had happened even if he had not mentioned it since the incident. All her older brother were all completely wrapped up in their own lives at the moment. Except for Ron, Ron in an obnoxious turn of events was being almost as overprotective as mum was even if he mostly left her alone. Every time she looked for him he was there off doing something but close enough and constantly looking at her as if to reassure himself she had not died. Luna was off on one of her father's crazy adventures so she couldn't even reconnect with her old friend, and worst of all, puberty was just starting to kick in. All of it together made her want to kick and scream and then hide in her room and cry. The simple fact was no one understood where she was coming from, or what had happened to her, and that made everything difficult for her. She had been out here for a while, doing what she had been doing a lot the last few weeks; reading course books, watching the gnomes, and drawing. Really, she was doing anything she could think of to not think about what had happened forty nine days ago. She knew what everyone tried to tell her; it was not her fault that she was tricked, and that everything would eventually be the way it was. She, on the other hand, knew nothing would ever be the same, though she felt that declaration would be a little dramatic. She had let someone into the deepest depths of her mind; they had seen all of her secrets, every facet of her personality, they knew her better then she did herself at the moment. Then they had tried to kill her. Madam Pomfrey had wanted her to open up and talk about everything that had happened to her just to get it off her chest. How could she talk about what had happened to her after what had happened. How could she trust someone with herself after what had happened. Currently, as all of this was floating through her mind for the umpteenth time today like everyday since the chamber. Being left alone she was trying to sketch a rather lazy gnome. It had been laying down using one of the rocks in the stone wall as a pillow of sorts all day, as it lay there lit up by the evening sun. *POP* "Merlin," she cursed, as the sound of apparition caused her to jerk her charcoal away from where she was drawing the gnomes head. She was confused as to who was arriving at the Burrow, dinner was in about an hour and her father wouldn't be home till then, she tossed the closed sketchbook and her charcoal into her bag. Getting up, she slowly made her way around the trees aiming towards the front of the Burrow, until that is she heard her mother talking to someone. It only took her a moment to place her favorite brother's voice, and she was off like a rocket. Neither her mother or her brother had time to even notice her before she had slammed into Bill's side and was hugging him with every fiber of her being. Chuckling he reached down and swung her around to his front, pulling her completely off the ground. As he wrapped her in a fierce hug and he muttered in her ear, "And how has my little princess been?" She couldn't help it. Her favorite brother was here holding her and he still considered her a princess. His ignorance of everything that had happened, it was the last straw so to speak and she broke down crying in his