This fanfic is dedicated to shelbychild and all of my other friends on tumblr! You made reaching 2016 a possibility for me. Annabeth sat in the back of the moving car, slightly out of breath, and attempted to reapply her lipstick. In front of her her mother was fussing over her own belongings, her bangles clinking as she searched in her sparkly handbag for her phone. She placed her lipstick carefully back into her clutch and turned towards the window, ignoring the incessant noise of the jewellery adorning her mothers wrists. She sighed as she watched the strangers outside of her window setting off for fun nights out — preparing to see in the new year with loved ones, hoping for a kiss at midnight, and definitely planning some new year's resolution that would be forgotten sometime before the 5th. She thought about her flatmate, Piper, and how excited she always got for New Year's Eve. She cursed under her breath. If Piper knew that she was spending it with her mother, and spending it single of all things, she would have been horrified. "I'm glad you could come," Athena said. "Me too." I might as well be nice , Annabeth thought. Her mother had been so thrilled when she had accepted the invitation. It might have been touching, if it weren't for the constant presence of hidden motives when it came to her mother being nice. Annabeth was just waiting for the big reveal. It was bound to come soon — she had been with her long enough already, and her mother had barely said a word./p "Did the new shoes fit?" Ah, more small talk. She stretched out one foot. The shoes were dainty, and decorated with an intricate pattern of silver olive branches. The heels made her legs look longer somehow — a real change from the sneakers she usually wore. Vaguely, she wished that she had painted her toenails. "Yes," she said, "They're lovely. Thank you." Her plane into New York had been late. So, instead of having time at home to get ready, she'd had to brazen her way into the airport toilets to change into her evening gown, before running back through the concourse, the length of her dress bunched up in her hand, and jumping into her mother's waiting car. "Annabeth, there's something I need to talk to you about." Annabeth tensed. Here it was... the big reveal. She pulled her head up reluctantly — that voice never heralded anything good. "Yes?" "There's somebody at the party I would like for you to meet." She closed her eyes and groaned. "Not again, mother. I told you last time." Her mother spun so fast in her seat that Annabeth had to blink and press herself back into the soft leather of her own. "So you have a boyfriend already?" "No," Annabeth blew out her cheeks. "Of course not." She nodded knowingly. "Exactly. You need my help." Athena settled back into her seat. "Besides, he's a nice boy. Suitable enough for you." "Mother. I don't want 'suitable'." I want butterflies , she thought, I want that tingling sensation that you read about in romance novels. I want somebody who I love and who will love me in return . But she daren't say that to her mother. Athena had always made it clear that such things didn't exist. Annabeth straightened out her dress, "I don't need you to choose people for me." Athena waited for a moment, pursing her lips. "Please, Annabeth, just meet him. You'll like him. I know it." "How could you possibly know?" "I know you Annabeth. Trust me. You'll like him." Annabeth turned to their driver, "Chiron — " He snorted derisively, "Oh no, Annabeth, I'm staying out of it. This is between you and your mother. I'm just the driver." No wonder Athena had been so pleased. She'd seen the chance to do some matchmaking and she had taken it. It was as if Annabeth were an inconvenient piece of furniture that needed to be sold off at the nearest opportunity. Annabeth sat straighter in her seat, folding her arms and glaring out of the window determinedly, "I don't want to meet him." "You'll do as I tell you, Annabeth." She sighed, "Look, I've met him and his parents, they seem like perfectly nice people. Just, please, give them a chance." Annabeth intensified her glare. How typical of her mother. She had been so sure of Annabeth's feelings that she had pretty much arranged everything before Annabeth had even met the guy. "I won't speak to him." She said. "I've told them you'll be there and that I'll introduce you," said Athena. "So you'll have to speak to him." Annabeth pursed her lips. She'd see about that. "You look so beautiful tonight, Annabeth. He'll fall in love with you instantly." She'd see about that too. The dinner party was being held at the house of one of her mothers newest clients. They had been invited as a thank you for designing their new home — the exact home they would be eating at tonight. They pulled up outside of the newly built house, and, while Chiron helped her mother out of the car, Annabeth stepped out onto the gravel path, looking up at the excessively extravagant house before her. She snorted and rolled her eyes. The marble columns and large windows were typical of her mothers design. It was a crude mash up of ancient Greek architectural design and the modern contemporary designs of inner city architecture. She would know the design anywhere. Her mother was always trying to combine the old with the new. And, surprisingly, she always made it work. "Come along, Annabeth," said Athena. "And don't pout. It lessens you." Annabeth's scowl deepened. She felt like a child again. She had no intention of going long with this plan of her mothers. The first thing to do was to get out of this ridiculous princess get-up. Halfway up the marble steps she stopped and placed her hand on Athena's arm, "Wait, I… forgot my phone. I'll be right back." Athena shot her a suspicious look and nodded, "I'll be waiting for you." Thankfully, she was too keen to embrace the warmth of the three story house — she didn't wait too long before disappearing inside. Annabeth approached the car and smiled fraudulently at Chiron, who stood leaning against the side. "Could I have the keys for a moment?" He looked at her curiously but didn't hesitate when he threw the keys to her. "Go on inside, I won't be long." That exchange might have seemed weird to most people, but Chiron had always been a parental figure to Annabeth, particularly when her mother was too busy to be around. He was a close friend of Athena's too, so he was invited with them everywhere. As he made his way indoors, Annabeth threw open the boot of the car and managed to locate her sneakers in the dim light. There wasn't much she could do about the dress, but the shoes could go. She needed an excuse for changing into them. She could lie, but she was always terrible at it. A quick search of the boot revealed the toolkit that Chiron always kept there. She pulled out a hammer and removed the shoes from her feet. Grabbing one of them in her hand, she whispered, "I'm sorry," before bringing the hammer down upon it. There was a satisfying crack as the heel came away from the shoe. She pulled the laces tight on her sneakers and let the dress fall down around them. It was so much warmer wearing these than the high heels. And more comfortable. And far less elegant. She picked up her clutch, locked the car, and marched up the stairs to meet her mother. Athena stood in the open entryway, talking to a brown haired woman that Annabeth didn't recognise. Chiron must have already made his way through. The breeze flowing through the door made her dress flare up around her, leading Athena to spot the change of footwear immediately. She excused herself from the conversation and grasped Annabeth's arm, steering her to the side "What happened to your shoes?" she hissed. She tried to look innocent,"One of the heels is broken." It wasn't a lie. Athena narrowed her eyes. "Hmm." She stopped and looked back at the brown haired woman, who was now accompanied by two younger men. "There they are." She took Annabeth's hand, gripping it a little too tightly, "Now, be nice." She set of like a galleon in full sail, with Annabeth trailing in her wake. The small group included the brown haired woman — who Annabeth assumed was her mothers new client and the hostess for the evening — and the two men. One of them was tall with closely cropped blonde hair and sharp blue eyes — he looked reliable. He looked safe. Easily the kind of guy her mother would think of as "suitable". The other guy wore a pristine white shirt, with the two top buttons undone, and a fitted black blazer. He had an aura of suppressed amusement about him, as though he were about to burst into laughter. He seemed to carry knowledge of a hidden joke that none of us were in on. He looked at her from head to toe, spotted her shoes and looked up again. Annabeth looked away. "Annabeth, this is Sally Jackson." Athena's client greeted her with a kiss on the cheek and a lavender scented embrace. "Annabeth, so nice to finally meet you." Athena took up the remainder of the introductions. "This is Jason," she said, indicating the blond. "He's a defence attorney at the New York Supreme Court." He nodded, "Hi. Nice to meet you." "You too." They shook hands. There was an awkward pause. Annabeth looked at Athena. No one introduced her to the other guy. He gave her a friendly nod and continued to fight the grin that was seemingly forming on his face. "So," Jason said. "I hear you work at your mothers architecture firm." "That's right." Annabeth longed for a means to escape, but how do you possibly escape in somebody else's home? Jason cleared his throat, preparing to speak again. Thankfully, a door on the other side of the entryway opened and a broad, dark haired man stepped through. "Come along now, Sally, invite our guests through." Athena and Sally engineered things so that Annabeth conveniently sat next to Jason at the table. From across the table, Athena made encouraging head movements. Annabeth sighed and the guy who Athena hadn't taken the time to introduce sat down on her other side. He leaned in close to her, his breath stirring her hair, "Hi," he whispered. "I like the shoes." She looked down at her scruffy sneakers peeking out from underneath the folds of her dress. "Thanks." She lifted her gaze and saw the corners of his mouth twitch. "I'm Annabeth." "I know," he said. "I'm Percy." She snorted. He raised one eyebrow. "Is something funny?" "Your serious? That's like… that's like one of those names that only work for a certain age group. Like Brittany — have you ever met any old ladies named Brittany?" Annabeth knew she was rambling, but there was something about the intensity of his green eyed stare that gave her a tingling sensation along the ridges of her spine. "And, Percy? Well, that's like.. well, that's a child's name, isn't it?" He chuckled and sat back, "Well, if it helps at all, my full name is Perseus." She breathed out a sigh, "Destroyer." She bit her lip, cursing her inner nerd. "So you know mythology, huh?" She shrugged, "I read." She really wanted to turn away and sulk, but the mischievous sparkle in his eyes made it difficult for her to look away. It made her feel like something important was about to happen, and if