Of all the elevators, in all the office blocks, in all of New York, the biggest mistake of her life had to walk into this one. Annabeth Chase sent up a silent prayer for invisibility as she inched behind two suited executives. Her back bumped against the mirrored wall of the elevator at her companies new twenty-eight story office block in uptown New York. Unfortunately, someone up there wasn't listening, because she failed to disappear. Percy Jackson. The name whispered across her consciousness as heat crawled up her neck and flared across her scalp. Twenty-two years since she'd last seen him and yet recognition blasted her in the sternum as soon as he'd edged into the crowded elevator. Which was surprising, because that fitted steel-grey designer suit was one heck of a departure from the wrecked jeans and third-hand leather jacket he'd practically lived in at Goode High. Thank God he was absorbed in the elevator monitor and hadn't looked her way. One glance at those heavy-lidded, sea green eyes a moment ago had been more than enough to make her heart swell up and stop beating for several crucial seconds. Funny how even after two decades, and what appeared to be a major GQ makeover, those slightly slanted green eyes still made him look as if he'd just got out of bed — or was about to lure her back into one. The elevator glided to a halt on the mezzanine level. Her two-executive shield, as well as most of the elevators inhabitants, shot out, making a beeline for the coffee machine. Her shoulders tightened and she stared straight ahead, tuning out the mindless chatter from the three young women who'd deliberately positioned themselves beside Percy. She risked another glance. He seemed taller and more muscular. She didn't remember his physique being quite this over-powering. But from what she could see from this angle, little else about him was different. He still had his dramatically high cheekbones. And although now his thick dark hair was expensively styled and with a wisp of grey at the temples, it still had those soft curls that skimmed his collar and made her fingers itch to caress them. And even in his expertly tailored suit, he had maintained that laid-back-to-the-point-of-insolence stance that said quite clearly that he didn't care all that much about anyone or anything. Oddly enough, it had been that stance rather than his spectacular looks that had lured her to him back then, giving him the dangerous attraction of forbidden treasure. She let out a shaky breath. Percy Jackson had given her treasure, however unintentionally. That was one thing at least she hadn't been wrong about. The sucker punch had been her idiotic belief that a tender, tortured soul existed beneath Percy's bad boy exterior. The elevator bell pinged, zapping Annabeth back to the present as the trio of PR women exited on the eighth floor. All three checked Percy out as they passed. Annabeth's stomach tightened as he sent them an impersonal smile and hooked his hand into the pocket of his trousers . One of them blushed prettily in response. Annabeth scowled. Watch out, girls. Wolf in Gucci clothing here. The man might look dreamy but she knew he was every woman's worst nightmare. Her gaze dipped to the bottom edge of his jacket, which rode up slightly, revealing the same tight orbs she had once spent entire lunch hours admiring while they were framed in battered denim. Resentment flared. Was there no justice? While her boobs now required a bra underwired with tungsten to stop them heading south, and her face took at least thirty minutes to apply each morning, maturity had only enhanced Percy's megawatt sex appeal. Surely for a man as shallow and self-absorbed as he was, there had to be some kind of deal with the devil involved for him to still be this gorgeous? She shifted further into the corner, as the elevator stopped on the eleventh floor and let out a new, freckle faced intern — the last person left sharing the elevator with them. She counted to five but no one else entered before the doors slid closed, sealing them, alone together, into the metal box. Crap. The elevator rose, and the weightlessness in her stomach was suddenly accompanied by an odd flare of heat, relaxing the muscles of her abdomen. The heat spread up her chest and reignited her scalp. Terrific, thirty-eight years old and my body chooses this precise moment to have its first hot flush. She slung the strap of her laptop bag over her shoulder, crossed her arms over her boiling chest and studiously ignored the man in front of her — who, thankfully, had yet to look her way. Only five more floors to go until she could make a dignified exit at her floor and reassign the biggest mistake of her life to his rightful place in her past. The overhead light flickered and a sudden jolt had them both gripping the railing. Percy straightened first. The elevator stuttered to a halt, the panel light fluttering ominously between twelve and fourteen — there was no thirteenth floor, even though they appeared to have stopped there. "You okay?" His gaze wandered over her, as if checking for injuries. And her heart beat in her throat, the harsh fluorescent lighting picking up the flecks of gold in his irises, which Theo had also inherited. "Fine." Her stomach muscles tangled into knots as her knuckles tightened on the rail. She tried to recall the breathing technique she'd learned at the ante-natal classes before Theo was born. As her son was now twenty-one, and she'd ended up having every drug known to man by the time he was actually delivered, it was a fairly vain hope. Relax. Don't panic, maybe he won't recognise you. After all, she'd changed completely since that long ago afternoon in the clinic waiting room, the last time she'd seen him. She had cheekbones these days. Her hair, once curly and falling freely down her back, was now much straighter and pulled back into a loose, more refined, bun. Her trademark vibrantly coloured eye make-up and bubblegum lipstick had been replaced with subtle autumn hues, which enhanced her skin-tone and gave her a more sophisticated, businesslike appearance. A shudder ran down her spine at the memory of how much effort she'd put into standing out at the age of sixteen. No wonder Percy — the unnaturally beautiful lost boy whom every girl in their class had flirted with mercilessly — had only asked her out by the request of Jason, his old best friend. His gaze returned to the elevator panel, and her breath eased out passed gritted teeth. But the gush of relief was tempered with a tiny flicker of regret, which she ruthlessly squashed. Don't be stupid. It's good that he doesn't recognise you. It shows how far you've come from that sartorial disaster zone. A loud metallic clanking sound filled the elevator, which inched upwards and then stopped again with a juddering bump. "What the hell was that?" Percy murmured. "Teething problems, apparently. They've had a few in the last couple of weeks." Annabeth squeezed the words out past the ticking time bomb lodged in her throat. "It'll move again in a moment." Or I shall strangle every single member of the maintenance team with my bare hands. He stabbed the emergency call button and shouted into the intercom: "Hey, anyone out there? We're kinda stuck in here." A crackling sound came over the line followed by a disembodied and remarkably relaxed voice: "Sorry, folks, give as a couple of minutes and we'll have you rolling again." "Thanks," Percy replied, as he took his finger off the button. Propping himself against the wall, he dropped his briefcase and raked his fingers through his hair. Annabeth stared at the panel above his head. Anywhere but at those disturbingly familiar eyes. She sent up a silent prayer, this one as fervent as the one she'd once made while standing by her newborn son's crib in the hospitals neonatal care unit. Although, this time, instead of praying for Theo's father to magically appear, now she prayed for him to disappear as quickly as was humanly possible. "So, Annabeth, how are you?" She raised her head, her blush spreading like a mushroom cloud. "You recognised me." The quirk of his lips sent two dimples rising to his cheeks. Her pulse rate accelerated. As a boy, he'd used that dimple on women like a lethal weapon. Age and maturity hadn't dimmed it's power. "Like I could forget you," he said, the tone sardonic. "You're the only person I've ever kissed who also kneed me in the balls." A dart of shame pierced her consternation at the memory of him tumbling off the bed with his hands cupping his crotch, tears of pain squeezing out of his eyes. "As I recall we did a lot more than kiss." Her spine stiffened as she refused to remember exactly how much more, and instead concentrated on the furious argument they'd had before she'd sent him rolling onto the floor. Yes, she'd hurt him, but he'd deserved it at the time. "And I didn't get that much leverage. You made far too much of a fuss about it." "I remember very well how much more we did." The low tone sounded oddly seductive. "And, when it comes to leverage, believe me," he continued, shuddering theatrically, "you got enough." She saw the quirk of self-deprecating humour on those sensual lips and wanted to kick him in the groin all over again. Seriously? Wasn't he going to mention why she'd kicked him. Or was he just being coy? His head tilted to one side as his gaze drifted up to her hairline. She resisted the urge to smooth back the loose pieces of hair framing her face, or to acknowledge her thundering heartbeat. "It suits you." He nodded. "The hairstyle. I can see more of your face." "Thanks," she said caustically, not quite able to keep the bitterness at bay. Wasn't he going to mention Theo at all? Or maybe even ask after him? She'd thought the worst that could happen would be that he might recognise her. She had been wrong. "You look good too," she added. "Although it does make me wonder what state the painting in your attic must be in these days?" Instead of looking offended by the barb, he laughed. "There's no painting. Yet. But Dorian was definitely onto something. If I could swap a magic painting, however grotesque, for having to sweat like hell in the gym four times a week, I'd do it in a heartbeat." A satisfied laugh escaped her lips at the gratifying thought that even he had to work hard to look good these says. She glanced at her wristwatch. "You should ask them what's going on. I have an important conference with a new client, and we've been stuck in here for five minutes now," she added. She wanted to make it clear she wasn't enjoying the trip down memory lane. He hitched his shoulder, then buzzed the intercom again. After a brief talk with the maintenance team, an engineer came on the line. "I'm sorry, sir. We're having to override the trip switch, there's been a shortage in the…" "Save me the tech Jargon, buddy." Percy interrupted. "All we're interested in is how much longer we're likely to be in here?" "Definitely not more than ten minutes," the engineer replied. "Twenty tops." "What?" Annabeth yelped. No way was she going to be able to survive another twenty minutes of small talk without having the enormous elephant crammed into the elevator with them rear up onto its two hind legs and crush her to death. Or worse, tumble out of her mouth. And if that happened she'd never forgive herself. She'd made a promise to herself on Theo's first birthday that she