When Crabbe and Goyle woke up that morning, they couldn't have imagined what they would discover. They started their morning routine before walking towards the bed of their leader, ready to wake him up, as usual. But when they got there, they found their leader completely naked, under the covers, with a beautiful and also naked girl, laying next to him. And not just any girl, it was Hazel Potter, The Girl Who Lived, Harry Potter's twin. She was as beautiful as ever with her red wavy hair and porcelain skin with some freckles on her nose and under her closed eyes. She was sleeping peacefully, unaware of her surroundings, wrapped in their leader's arms. Crabbe and Goyle looked at each other and laughed stupidly. They tip-toed towards her and grabbed the cover covering her. They were ready to take it off of her when Draco Malfoy woke up. He watched them, shocked, before regaining his composure. He glared at them and hissed: "What are you doing?!" "N-Nothing!" stuttered Goyle, panicked, while Crabbe nodded frantically. They knew not to touch Hazel. They didn't know what was special with that girl, except the fact she was The Girl Who Lived, but Draco was head-over heals for her. If someone touched her, even one of his friends, he would kill them. And the duo was well aware of that fact. After apologising multiple times, they ran out of the room, leaving a very naked and now very pale Draco Malfoy. Now fully awake, he noticed the sleeping beauty next to him, making his heart flutter before stopping when it hit him. He observed his sleeping beauty, worried. He knew he fucked up. Why did he have do to something so stupid?! She was going to hate him! They weren't even together! They were just best friends and best friends don't have sex together! Well, except best friends with benefits but that wasn't the case for them. He didn't want his first time to be a drunken mistake. He wanted to remember his first time. He wanted his first time to be special. And Hazel. Hazel wanted her first time to be after her wedding. And now, because of him, she wasn't a virgin anymore. He never made a move on her to preserve their friendship and it just took one drunken night to make him lose control?! How stupid was he?! Hazel stirred, starting to wake up, snapping Draco out of his thoughts. He paled even more, panicking. How would she react? Hazel groaned in pain, feeling her throbbing head. What happened yesterday? She opened her eyes and met Draco's worried gaze. "Draco?" she questioned. He nodded, gulping, fear reflecting in his silver eyes. Frowning, she observed him, wondering what was wrong. She never saw him this afraid before. What had happened to make him act like this? That was when she noticed how cold she was. She dropped her gaze and noticed that she and Draco weren't wearing anything and were naked under the covers. She screamed and jumped out of the bed, taking the covers with her to cover herself, leaving Draco completely exposed. She blushed and looked away, awkwardness radiating from her. She started tearing up, the situation sinking in. She just lost her virginity like a stupid teenage girl. "No, Hazel, don't cry. I'm so sorry." apologized Draco, his body trembling by the fear engulfing him. He quickly got up and put his uniform on hastily. He turned his gaze where he last saw her to find an empty spot. He searched her around the room but it was empty. He sighed, defeated. She had left. When Crabbe and Goyle returned, they found their leader crying on the floor, letting out heart wrenching sobs. A week later: Since the incident, Hazel did everything she could to avoid Draco. She was angry, sad and confused, making her magic whirling around her like electricity. Angry because she felt like he betrayed her by taking advantage of her while she was completely drunk and couldn't think straight. Sad because she lost her best friend and secret love and that just broke her heart. Confused because she was feeling weird. She didn't know how to explain but she never felt this feeling inside her and it worried her. She hadn't told anyone about what had happened, that night, at the Slytherin party, after they won a Quidditch game against Ravenclaw who were hard to beat. Harry would kill Draco on the spot for touching his 'baby' sister. Ron would just be disgusted and angry with her. Not only she was friend with him but she let him fuck her. Hermione, she didn't know how she would react but she would definitely ask her tons of questions which she wouldn't be able to answer. Luna wouldn't know what to do. She was a really brilliant girl but, when it came to boys, she was helpless. Neville wouldn't know either and would feel really awkward. She couldn't blame him, really. The boy was the most innocent wizard she ever met. He was like a little brother to her, even if he was of the same age as Hazel. Ginny would be way too curious and the Golden Girl didn't have patience for stupid questions like: How was it? Did you like it? Did it hurt? Etc... It left her with her best friend, Onix Black. But she was out of the question too because she hated Draco. A trait she got from her father, Sirius Black, it seemed. Every Slytherins were a piece of scum, except Hazel because Hazel was just too adorable and to top it off she isn't just in Slytherin. So, Hazel was alone. For Draco, it was another story. He followed Hazel everywhere, hoping to catch her and talk about about what happened that night, wanting to save their friendship. He didn't want to lose his only real friend and secret love. But each time he approached her, she would escape in a way or another. Her brother, noticing his sister's weird behavior, even came to him, wanting to know what was happening. Stupid Potter. He couldn't just mind his own business, could he? Two months later: Hazel couldn't believe what was happening to her, she just couldn't. She was terrified to what would happen to her, now. She had to tell someone but she didn't know who. She couldn't tell Severus, he would kill her! And she still hadn't told her friends so they were out of the question as well. She was still wondering who she should tell all of her infelicities when she noticed she was in front of Dumbledore's office. Thankfully, he gave her the password long ago. Making her choice, she told the statue the password and climbed up the stairs. She knocked on the door, waiting for an answer nervously. Maybe she was closer to the Headmaster than most of the students but he wasn't her friend or family. Why should he care about what was happening to her? "Come in." said a joyous voice, behind the door, snapping Hazel out of her reverie. She entered the room and walked towards the Headmaster who was sitting behind his desk. He gave her a warm smile and looked at her above his half-moon glasses. He gave off a grandfather aura that relaxed Hazel greatly but not enough to calm her completely. "Hazel? What is it, dear? You don't seem to feel quite joyous." he asked immediately, taking count of her troubled expression. He noticed the way she was acting, lately, and had an idea of why but he needed some confirmation. It was a serious problem and he didn't want to jump to conclusion even if he was almost always right about his assumptions. Hazel shook her head and sat down on a chair, in front of the Headmaster's desk. Biting her lip and playing with her thumbs, she tried to find the courage to tell the wise man what was wrong with her. Finally, after taking a deep breath in, she choked out: "I have a problem, sir." 1st September, sixth year: It's almost been a year since the one night stand incident, and Draco didn't see Hazel once since last year, when she left two months before the end of the year. No one knew why, except, of course, the Golden Group, consisting of Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley and Onix Black, and the professors. Rumors say she caught a terrible illness and that was why she left, to go to St. Mungos. Draco really didn't know if he should believe those rumors. Yes, she seemed a little sick, those last time he saw her, but not as much as to go to St. Mungos and being hospitalized there. He tried everything in his power to learn what the girl who stole his heart had, he even asked her brother but he just snapped at him, saying it was all his bloody fault and left Draco alone with his confusion as his only company. Now, Draco was sat with his Slytherin fellows, watching with wide surprised and relieved eyes the red headed girl chatting with her twin, seeming to be perfectly fine. She was fine. She returned. Maybe Draco could now apologize and patch up things with her! "Hey, mate, you're dozing off." chuckled Blaise, snapping his fingers in front of Draco's face. Shaking his thoughts away, he turned towards his best friend, Blaise Zabini, who smirked at him knowingly. Draco became friends with Blaise after the Hazel problem. Before that, Draco didn't really care about others, being perfectly fine to have Hazel as his only friend with the others as only minions, even if it annoyed Hazel, saying he was using them. But he felt really lonely without any real friends and decided to give others a chance. And Blaise, who shared his dorm with Draco and the others, took gladly care of this. He quickly became Draco's best friend, even though both of them knew he would never take Hazel's place. After that, he accepted to be real friends with Pansy Parkinson, who stopped having this stupid crush on Draco, Theo Nott, who Draco found quite interesting, and even Crabbe and Goyle who were less stupid than he originally thought. But he still had that hollow place in his heart who could only be filled by Hazel. And the girl was back! "Sorry Blaise, it's just...Hazel's back." he murmured, blushing crimson. Pansy cooed, taking Draco's hand in hers in a friendly manner. "Don't worry. I'm sure she'll give you another chance." she said, smiling softly. "I really hope you're right, Pans." sighed Draco. Pansy huffed, lifting her chin up in a Slytherin manner. "Of course I am, I'm always right." she tutted with a smirk. DPHMDPHMDPHMDPHMDPHMDPHM He wasn't stalking her, really, he merely wanted to know where she would be staying for the night since she was in every houses and could sleep in whatever house she wanted, each night. He really thought she would be staying at Gryffindor's but, to his surprise, she walked resolutely towards the seventh floor, all alone. Curious, he continued to follow her until they reached what Draco knew to be the entrance of the Room of Requirement. Surprisingly, a door was already there, waiting to be opened. And opened she was, when Hazel decided to enter in whatever room had appeared. As discreetly as he could, Draco followed her and entered in it too, just before the door closed by itself and disappeared. Draco was, in fact, in what seemed to be a living room. A fire was crackling to his right with a black sofa in front of it and a small table with some books and what seemed to be a baby bottle on it. To his left was a big bookcase and, in the back of the room, was a staircase and an open door. Through the open door, Draco could