Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from the Hunger Games, but I do own the characters from the Outer Rims and most of the characters from The Nest. Pain, cold, water…death. The words repeated themselves again and again as Finnick yelled to Katniss to help him. He'd heard that right before death a person's life flashes before their eyes, but nothing of his past was flashing through his mind. It was only the future he was worried about. If he were dead, how could he make sure the war was won? If he were dead, what would happen to Annie? They needed him, they all did. He had to be there to help them. They could save him, he knew they could, they could shoot the Muttant creatures that were attacking him and they could pull him out. If he were Peeta they would, if he were Katniss they definitely would, and if they couldn't, they'd all die trying. Probably even Gale they'd risk their lives for, but he wasn't Gale or Peeta, he was just Finnick. By the expression on Katniss' face, he knew he was about to die. She couldn't save him, or she didn't think she could, or maybe she just didn't care enough. She was saying something but with all the grunting and yelling around him he couldn't understand her. And then she dropped the Holo and he knew what she'd been saying. Nightlock. Instead of saving him, she was trying to save him from further pain by blowing him up. The world seemed to slow down. No ! His mind shouted, I don't want to die ! Not now! There's too much left to do! Was this how his life would end? Death because he'd saved his friends and they couldn't save him? They could have, he knew they could have. But they wanted to be rid of the Muttants, and to do that what better way was there then to blow them up? So what that he happened to be there in the blast zone. The majority of their squad was more important than him, he was nothing. Would they even miss him? Sure, for a few days maybe, a few hours…Annie would miss him, but no one else would really care. He just wasn't important enough. He didn't even really have any friends, this Squad team he was in was about as friendly of friends he was ever going to get, and here they were, blowing him up. All these thoughts passed through his head the same instant Katniss dropped the Holo. But in the next instant, Finnick had a surge of strength, he couldn't die. They needed him whether they realized it or not. In the back of his mind, he didn't really believe it, but if thinking it for a moment would save his life, then he was going to think it. He threw himself suddenly sideways and jerked himself away from the Muttants and under the water, he launched himself past them and then he was swimming for his life. Ten feet, just ten feet. The distance had never felt so long before. Finnick had only gotten four arm strokes away when he heard the explosion, could he out run it? How far away was he? He dove under the water ignoring the hands that grabbed at him, to try to pull him back. The explosion sent a tidal wave through the water just as Finnick surfaced again and the wave smashed him face first into the side of the concrete wall. He felt blood running down his face from his eyebrow as he fell back into the blackish knee deep water. A slimy inhuman hand grabbed his throat and pulled him out of the water. The creature screamed in his face. Finnick grinned. He was alive! He wasn't dead, if he were he wouldn't be able to feel the pain that was shooting through his arms and now throat. Finnick pushed himself out of the water and came down on the Muttant, stabbing his spear into its chest and plunging it through. Then ripping it out, he turned around, the grin instantly fading from his face. The Hollow's explosion had killed quite a lot of the Muttant creatures, but the number it had killed was nothing compared to the amount that remained, there were even more than before. They were filling the underground room so completely that some had to be on top of others and some were clinging upside-down to the roof, and he was sure they were all looking at him, eyeless though they were, and grinning evilly. Why they hadn't charged yet, he had no idea. Apparently they were waiting for his first move. They didn't just want to kill him, they were having fun. The thought made him sick. The bottom half of the ladder was gone. There was a chance that he could jump up and grab the remainder of it, but these mutant creatures could climb on the roofs and they'd all be after him as fast as they could. And that would lead them to Katniss and the others. So what? Wouldn't it be easier to kill them if he had teammates next to him? No, he couldn't go after them. He was still going to die, running through these underground tunnels for years? He couldn't do it, and with these things constantly after him, he wouldn't have a chance. He'd barely escaped death, and now he was looking it in the eye again. But the thing was, if he hadn't escaped from that explosion, all the remaining Muttants would already be after his team. He had been right, they did need him; they needed him to distract the Muttants so they could get away. They still needed him, even though they had no idea. He couldn't lead these things to them, he had to lead them away. He would die down here, no doubt about it. And no one would ever know how he'd died; they all already thought he was dead. They would never know he'd risked his life twice for them. The thoughts hurt him like knives stabbing into him; he wasn't important to them. They hadn't even tried to save him. Yet here he was about to save them for another time. Why had he called out for help? The guiltiness of it had finally reached him, he hadn't wanted to die, and he'd wanted them to save them. But that had been selfish of him. If they had tried to save hime, they might all be dead. Better just him then all of them. The Muttants were getting impatient for him to move, and some started crawling forward. Oh, why couldn't they have been Muttant dogs? Instead they had humanoid hands and could climb even on the walls and roofs; he wouldn't be safe anywhere from them. "You want me!?" He shouted at them spinning his spear in his left hand, "Come and get me!" His voice echoed through the cave and he was proud that it sounded confident. Then turning, he started to run. Behind him he heard a howling scream that was taken up by all the creatures—their battle cry. And then he could hear them all charge. Water was splashing everywhere and he could hear their scratchy skin scrapping on the roof and on the walls. It was not easy to run through knee-deep water, and his gear slowed him down. As he ran he tried to get a better inspection of himself. His sleeves were torn to shreds with scratches and bits. At first he'd thought they'd been trying to eat him, but now he realized they'd just been trying to torture him, they had a minor venom in their teeth and his wounds stung like they were acid. If he hadn't been wearing the bullet proof padding he'd be dead already, but most of them had gone for his chest but they couldn't get to it and instead were biting and scratching the thick pad which was hardly even scratched. They had hardly touched his legs, though he did have a long scratch up his right calf. He was pretty sure that that had come from one of the times he was thrown into some sharp metal. As he ran past a copper pipe that was sticking out of the wall to his right he got a glimpse of his face. He had mud smeared across the part of his face that he wasn't exactly sure where it had come from, he had some minor scratches from the concrete wall, and his left eyebrow was bleeding quite a bit, the blood was almost to his eye. He quickly wiped the blood off his face and shook it off his hand into the water. Something thrashed in the water and he turned his head slightly to look behind him. The Muttants were attacking the water where the blood had splashed into it. They were attracted to blood. There was a hand gun strapped to his leg which he hadn't remembered before, he remembered it now and he pulled it out as he was running. Just as he pulled it into his hand he passed another pipe, and in this reflection he saw himself running, the tunnel behind him filled with a white mass of crawling, scratching, screaming creatures. And they had almost caught up. Finnick looked up and saw directly above him were ten or twelve creatures running on the roof trying to keep up with him, their heads hanging down, grinning at him with their massive mouths and pointed teeth. He shot one, his aim was slightly off because he was running and instead of taking the creature in the face, the bullet went into its neck. He couldn't look away fast enough so that he wouldn't see the damage it did, but to his surprise, the creature didn't bleed. The bullet just disappeared into its neck as if it hadn't even been there. The only thing that let Finnick know he'd actually shot it, was that it then fell off the roof and was trampled by its fellow creatures. They didn't have blood—only Finnick had blood and that was why they were chasing him, and not each other. He wiped some more blood off his eyebrow and smeared it on the concrete wall of the tunnel as he was running past. Finnick through a look over his shoulder in time to see four or five creatures start bashing their faces into the wall where the blood was smeared. How could he win this fight? There was no way, it was absolutely impossible. There were thousands of them that he could see, and probably even more that he couldn't. Suddenly he came to a branch off out of the water. He climbed up onto the concrete level and took a quick look to the left and right. He was standing on a track like a few they'd seen earlier, but this one was all torn up and looked like it hadn't been used in years. To his left, the tunnel was suddenly filled with a panting sound so loud it matched the noise of the Muttants behind him. The decision was made for him and he went right. He couldn't run fast enough, why did he bother? His misery would end if he just gave up. But he knew it wouldn't. These things didn't want to kill him, they wanted to torture him slowly, he was sure of it. But how could he outrun them? A hand grabbed his leg and he tripped, jerking swiftly over onto his back to face his attacker. He couldn't out run them; it had been a hopeless attempt all along. He shot it. He didn't have time however to get back up and abruptly he was surrounded by all their grinning faces. If they could speak Finnick knew they'd be shouting triumph. Instead they