Hello again! *waves* This isn't the multi-chapter story I've been working on but an extremely long one-shot I've had on the back burner. Until this past week it was only seven pages of random bits. An odd form of inspiration struck and it clocked in at 27 pages. I know the marriage law trope is old but I'm kind of still fascinated with the different ways of going about it. This is less so about the technicalities of a marriage law and more so about our favorite characters developing a relationship. Choose to read on and you'll see. As always, these characters aren't mine. I'm just a fan with a large imagination. I hope you'll read and review. Now buckle up for a long read and enjoy the ride! Edit: It's clearly late when I posted this so there may be an error here or there, despite that I've gone over it numerous times. If you catch one, feel free to PM me but please don't make a review just to point out errors. I'm only human. Thanks! Hermione " Hermione ," he moaned near her ear. He always said her name during sex. Always said it in a way that made her stomach clench and her toes curl. It always came out somewhere between a moan and a growl. She had her head turned to the side, pressing into the luxurious pillows under it while his lips trailed along her ear hotly. His right hand grazed her thigh as he hitched her leg higher over his hips, his other arm holding him shakily as he continued to roll his hips in hypnotic thrusts allowing him to hit that perfect spot inside her. She couldn't stop her moans and grunts as her body shifted under him with every thrust. He was rough but gentle all at once and the sensation made her head spin. She couldn't think straight when they made love. Could hardly manage verbal responses besides yes, faster, more, and his name. He loved the fact that he drove the normally articulate witch nearly incoherent. But he loved it when she said his name the most. She knew by the way he kissed her. The hot, languid kisses that sent her heart racing and her body humming. " Uhh ," she grunted after a particularly good thrust and dug her nails into his shoulders, " Draco …so close…" He wasn't a cruel man, despite his reputation at work, and released his hold on her thigh to move between their bodies. One final thrust and he sent them both over the edge together. That all-consuming warmth flooded her body and she released one final moan before sighing as she melted into the bed. He remained on top of her, his forehead pressed to hers as they lay panting. His lips sought her mouth for their post-lovemaking kiss. He kissed her slowly for a few moments before he released her mouth and rolled off her to rest at her side. Hermione had to wait only for a few moments before he rolled over and nudged her to her side. He scooted until his chest was pressed firmly to her back and held her snugly. It was a substitute to their usual position. He preferred pulling her on top of him to rest on his chest after sex but her stomach was now in the way. A slow, contented smile curved her lips as her eyes began to drift closed. It was amazing that this is where they were a year after she'd signed the marriage contract. She'd never have imagined it would be possible to fall in love with Draco Malfoy. "I love you" was the last thing she heard before sleep took her. One Year Prior "Are you daft, Malfoy? Quit messing around and vacate my office. I have work to do." Draco snarled and stepped in further, casting a muffliato on the room. "I have it on good authority that the Ministry is strongly considering a marriage law, Granger." "I work in the Ministry," Hermione gestured around her office, "in case you haven't noticed. Don't you think I'd have heard of this before you?" He shrugged and helped himself to a chair opposite her desk. "You have to speak with the right people on a daily basis. And while you may write laws, you don't defend them. Lawyers gossip." "Slytherin," she snorted under her breath. "Guilty," he smirked. "My mother has been trying to marry me off to the other Greengrass sister and frankly, I'd rather marry a Hufflepuff. But imagine my luck when there's still you." She fought the urge to scoff. The man was mental if he thought she'd believe that. "Do you mean to say you'd rather marry me than one of your own ? Not afraid of my blood status, Malfoy?" "This isn't about blood anymore, Granger," he sneered. "This is about breeding. If I'm to be forced by anyone into marriage I want the right stock for my offspring." "Explain," she ordered, her lips drawn into a thin line. "And be mindful that viewing me as a broodmare isn't the best way to convince me." "Neither of us are stupid, Granger. As much as I at one time loathed you for it, you're the most bloody brilliant witch in all of Britain. I won't have offspring like that of some of my other idiotic friends. Besides, imagine what merging Gryffindor and Slytherin traits would look like," he smirked. "The best of both worlds." "That almost sounds like you're complimenting me, Malfoy. Do be careful lest I become too shocked to comprehend." He rolled his grey eyes and extracted a pristine grey envelope from his waistcoat and placed it on the edge of her desk. "Think about it, Granger. I have a lot to offer. My name may not hold the force it once did but I still have clout in terms of money. Plus, while many may not like me personally, I'm quite successful in my law firm. I can influence support for your laws and help you get things done in this fucking place. If it does come to a law and they allow us to choose before they choose for us, all of your bleeding friends are already married. Plus, I hear Cormac McLaggen is still keen on you. What will you do?" He lifted his brow suggestively and offered her a regal bow of his head after he stood. With that, he exited her office as swiftly as he'd entered. Hermione resisted the urge to chuck her paperweight at his stupid head and instead waited until he was out of sight to reach for the envelope. She snorted at the contents. A bloody list of all the ways a marriage to him would be advantageous to her. He must be mental . ~o~O~o~ Harry grimaced as he read the internal memo with Ron looking over his shoulder and Hermione pacing the length of the aurors' office. He reached up to push his glasses up hesitantly. "Well, I don't know who his sources are because even I didn't know about this but Malfoy's not mental. They really are passing a marriage law, Hermione." "She can't marry Malfoy, Harry," Ron protested as he came to rest on the edge of his desk, both watching as the witch continued her angry pacing. His lips curled as he crossed his arms over his chest and he shivered. "She'd have to…procreate with him." Hermione stopped and glared at him for the reminder and continued her pacing. "Better than some others I can think of," she grumbled. Ron exchanged a questioning look with Harry and shrugged. "Like who? McLaggen? You'd rather Malfoy over him?" His eyebrows lifted nearly to his hairline at the look she gave him. "Okay, clearly McLaggen is out. What about Neville? He's not settled down yet." "He's been seeing Hannah Abbott for a year now," Harry offered quietly. "Right…" Ron sighed. He couldn't think of many people who could honestly tolerate Hermione. Not in a negative sense. It wasn't that she was horrible. But not many men could keep up with her. She was quite intimidating. Too smart, too successful, too attractive…too everything really. It wasn't her fault but she clearly suffered the repercussions of other's inadequacies. Hermione slumped down into the chair opposite Harry's desk and moaned horribly to herself. "I can't think of anyone either." She scowled as she stared at the memo on the desk. "Malfoy's just so…" "Malfoy," Ron grinned lopsidedly. She rolled her eyes, "Essentially, yes." "He's successful," Harry pointed out. "And you wouldn't have to dumb down to him." "And maybe he's not quite the git he used to be," Ron admitted, albeit grudgingly. "Not like his friends still are." Harry nodded. "Nott is a right tosser. Zabini's alright though." "Still," Ron grimaced, "and I can't believe I'm actually saying this but Malfoy's the best choice. If you don't want to spend the rest of your life trying not to strangle someone for lack of brain cells. He's the only one I can see you at least growing to respect." She sighed heavily and nodded. "I need a bloody drink." ~o~O~o~ "You're about to become a very rich woman, Granger." Hermione closed her eyes with a resigned sigh. "I'm not doing this for your money, Malfoy." Draco shrugged casually and turned to glance out the window of his office. "It comes with the surname." He turned back to face the girl—now woman—he'd spent the better part of their adolescence tormenting. "You will be expected to take my name of course." She lifted a challenging eyebrow and huffed. "I'll agree to hyphenate and that's all." "Now, now—" " That's . All ," she ground out through gritted teeth. "Don't forget that this agreement benefits you more than me." She could allow the Ministry to ultimately match her and deal with the consequences. He on the other hand would likely receive the rather short end of the stick were he to go through with his mother's match or worse if the Ministry matched him. Plus, her name held more positive influence than his. His expression darkened at the reminder of the fact that he was still considered essentially crooked wizarding trash by some, despite his successes in wizarding law—defending many of the damn laws that Hermione Granger herself had written. "Trust me. I can hardly forget." With an angry huff, he returned to his desk and motioned for her to take a seat in front of it. He pulled a contract from the folder in the center of his desk and placed it in front of her. "These are the agreed upon terms. Read it over and sign it." Hermione narrowed her eyes at him but did as he'd said. Her brown eyes scanned the lines of the paper, snorting occasionally at the ridiculous things he'd outlined in the contract for their farce of a marriage. It was mostly benign in nature. Attend social events with him, be polite to his mother, not hex him in his sleep, etc. In exchange, he would fund any of her fundraisers at work and do his best to be polite to her friends. One particular point caused her serious concern and she looked up with wide eyes to find him picking at his nails as though he was bored. "You can't seriously expect me to sleep with you outside of trying to conceive the one mandated child! I can't even believe you'd want to sleep with me , given my dirty blood. I figured you'd get your needs taken care of elsewhere." Though the idea honestly didn't excite her. What woman wanted the man she was married to, even if only on paper, to be sowing his wild oats elsewhere? It was mortifying. A pale eyebrow ticked up a notch on his forehead at the accusation. "Now, Granger, I've not held those beliefs about you in years. With my father gone,