Rekindling The Fire The day after Christmas is always so depressing. All of the gifts are unwrapped, the cookies eaten, and the parties over. Sure there is New Year's Eve to look forward to, but nothing quite lives up to the joy and wonder of Christmas. Prim and my mother are on their way back to California after staying with me for the past few days for the holiday. I miss them already, especially Prim. I still can't quite get used to the fact that she lives in California with mom while attending UCLA for a pre-med program. My baby sister is almost twenty-one now, but she will always be a little girl in my heart. The house feels so empty without my family here with me now. I live in the house I grew up in with my family. When Prim and my mom moved out to California, I got the house. They wanted me to move out there with them, but I just couldn't leave my home town. I draw the heavy curtains back and look at the snow falling gently to the ground. It's a beautiful sight, the soft, white flakes dancing in the night air. Being next to the window gives me a chill, so I decide to make some hot chocolate and curl up next to the fireplace with a book. I am just about to get the hot chocolate ready when I hear a knock at my front door. I have no idea who would be coming to see me without calling me first, but I figure I should answer the door anyway. When I open the door, all of the breath leaves my lungs in an audible whooshing sound, and it isn't from the cold blast of air hitting my face. The person standing before me is someone I haven't seen in several years. Peeta Mellark. His blonde, wavy hair is being blown about by the wind and his face is tinged pink by the cold. He blinks his beautiful blue eyes at me and I swear that my heart stops beating for a moment. Why can't he be ugly? Why can't he have developed some horrific, disfiguring disease since I last saw him all of those years ago? Why does he have to be at my doorstep, looking so sexy and handsome and perfect? "Katniss?" I snap myself out of my thoughts. "Peeta? What…what are you doing here?" He runs his hand through his unruly locks of hair. "Can I come in? It's very cold out here." I step aside hastily and allow him entry to my house. Peeta stomps his feet on the mat to get the snow off of his boots and follows me inside. Once his boots are off and his coat is hung up, I offer him a seat in my living room. "Please have a seat. I was just about to make some hot chocolate if you would like some." He takes a seat on my sofa, but his posture is stiff and uncomfortable. "Okay, thank you." I quickly make hot chocolate for both of us and bring the steaming mugs back into the living room. After handing Peeta his mug, I sit on the other end of the sofa and set my mug on the end table to cool off a little bit. "So, are you going to tell me why you are here?" "I'm in town for the holidays and I wanted to see how you are doing. It's been a while…" He bites his lip and attempts a small smile. It has been a while. The last time I saw Peeta was at our high school graduation, over seven years ago. I have been keeping track of what he has been up to though. I know that he graduated from college a few years ago and that he got engaged last year to some girl named Clove. What I don't know is why he is here. Sure it has been quite some time since we have last spoken, but that never seemed to make him want to seek me out before. "Yeah, I know. What's up?" I don't mean to be terse with him, but I can't help but to dredge up the old memories of our last few weeks in high school. Peeta shifts on the sofa so that he is a bit closer to me. "I have something for you." He reaches into his pants pocket and pulls out a silver locket. I gasp in shock at the sight of the old piece of jewelry. I have not seen that locket since the day I threw it at Peeta. When we were seniors in high school we began dating. He was very attractive, even back then, and he was also the sweetest guy in school. We had so much fun together, going to the movies, taking mini road trips, or just hanging out at my house. I still remember the day that he had given me the locket. It was my birthday, and incidentally, the day before our Prom. Peeta presented me with the locket, which held a picture of the two of us in it. I loved that thing, and refused to take it off for a few weeks straight. A few days before our high school graduation, I heard a rumor that Peeta was cheating on me with some blonde bitch named Glimmer. I was heartbroken. Peeta was my first love and I couldn't believe that he would do something like that to me. When I confronted him, he denied it. We got into a huge fight which ended with me yanking off the locket and throwing it in his face. It wasn't until a month or so later that I found out that he never did cheat on me. The damage was done at that point and he was a hundred miles away at college. Peeta hands me the locket and I feel tears threatening to spill down my cheeks at the sight of it. I cradle it carefully in my hands and open it up to reveal the picture of the two of us that still resides inside of it. "Thank you Peeta. I…I feel like I should apologize to you." He scrunches his brow in confusion at me. "Why Katniss?" "I never should have believed those stupid rumors back in high school…" Peeta sighs and shifts closer to me so that he can place his arm gently around my shoulders. "It's okay. That's all in the past now. I just wanted to give you what is rightfully yours and see how you are doing. You are even more beautiful than ever." He slowly caresses my cheek and I shudder at the feeling that it brings. I give him a small smile and inhale the scent of fresh bread that always seems to permeate the air around him. He is so warm and comfortable, and I want nothing more in this moment then to wrap my arms around him and bury my face against his shoulder. I can't though. It would be highly inappropriate to do that to a man who is about to get married. Instead, I sigh and retreat from his grasp. "I…I should go." Peeta stands up abruptly and makes his way to the door. I get up to see him out. I really don't want him to leave, but I can tell that he isn't comfortable here with me. Peeta gets his coat on, but when I open the door for him, an icy blast of wintry air and snow hits us. The snow that was only gently falling before, has now transformed into a full-on blizzard. Peeta's car and the roads are covered in snow and ice, and I know that the snow plows won't even bother coming out here until tomorrow. "Umm…I think you better stay here." An emotion flickers in his blue eyes, but then he slowly shakes his head. "No, I won't intrude. I will be okay." He goes for the door, but I shut it so he can't leave. "Peeta, listen to me. It isn't safe out there. I have a guest bedroom you can use. It's no problem to have you here." He takes one last look through the side window at the blistering snow and wind and nods. "Okay, I appreciate it." Peeta follows me back inside and we sit together on the sofa and talk. Seeing him again brings back the warm, fuzzy feelings that I had for him so long ago. He is just as sweet as he was in high school, but now he is even more handsome, and on his way to becoming a successful business man as well. I am about to ask him if he would like any more hot chocolate, when the power suddenly flickers and then goes out completely. Only the soft glow of the dying fire in the fireplace illuminates the room around us. "Oh shit, the storm must have caused a power outage." I hear Peeta shuffling around next to me. "Do you need some help rekindling the fire?" I know that he is talking about the actual fire, and not the metaphorical fire that used to be between us, the one that is starting to burn within me at this very moment, just from being near him. However, I can't help but to answer with the first thing that pops into my mind. "It should have never gone out in the first place." "What are you talking about?" I shake my head even though I know he can't see me in the darkness. "Nothing, let me go get some flashlights and we can get this fire started up again." I find my way into the kitchen and locate two flashlights for me and Peeta. Once, the fire is rekindled, I bring down a bunch of blankets and pillows and construct a makeshift bed in front of the fire. "It's going to be too cold in the bedrooms; we will have to sleep here by the fire." "Okay, but first we need to talk." What on earth do we need to talk about? "Huh? Why?" He smiles at me, a gentle smile that is so warm that it could melt all the snow lying on the ground outside in an instant. "I was hoping we could catch up a bit. What have you been up to?" "Well, I graduated from college and now I work at BioTech searching for a cure for cancer. I'm just a lab technician, but the pay is decent enough and I love knowing that I am helping future research into cancer cures. I own the house now too. Prim and mom are now living in California so Prim can attend UCLA." Peeta nods and smiles. "That's great Katniss. I graduated a few years back and I've been working in business." "Oh? Do you have a job out by where you live now?" Peeta sighs and sits down across from me on the blankets. The glow from the fire makes him look even more attractive, and I can't help but to think of how romantic this would be if he wasn't engaged to another woman. "I'm moving back here." He's coming back? "Why? Did you get a new job? Did you find a house out here for you and your fiancée?" He flinches and looks away for a moment. "Yes, I have a new job out here starting in January, but I haven't had a fiancée for a couple of months now." I look at him in shock. I'm not sure, but I think my mouth must be hanging open. I quickly glance to his ring finger on his left hand. I expect to see a wedding band there, proof that he has already gotten married. His finger is bare. "What…what happened?" Peeta shakes his head and sighs, before turning towards me and looking me straight in the eye. "I broke it off…"