Hunger Games Spring Fling Exchange We Are Young A/N: Prompt: Post-Mockingjay story based on the song "We Are Young" by fun. It doesn't have to be a songfic - in fact, I'd prefer it if it weren't. But the story in the song has always seemed like it could be Peeta to Katniss after the events of Mockingjay and he has gotten past his hijacking a bit. When I finally return from the horrors of the Capitol, I plant primroses along the side of Katniss' house. The dirt flies up around my face and soils my clothing. I don't care. The door creeks open and my heart quakes in my chest when I see Katniss. The hijacking still hits me hard at times, throwing me into a frenzy of shiny memories and horrid visions of things that I constantly have to remind myself are 'not real.' Fortunately, the sight of her does not cause a flashback…this time. It seems as if the joy of seeing her again has quelled the venom for now. Instead, I peek up at her while I continue my work. I'm glad to see her up and about, even though she looks like hell. Her hair is a knotted mess of clumps, and it looks like she hasn't bathed in days, or even bothered to change her clothing. It doesn't matter though. It doesn't matter that she is dirty or that her burn scars far outdo mine. It only matters that she is alive. "What are you doing?" I tell her the bushes are for her sister, the sweet, innocent Prim that barely got the chance to live. But really, the flowers are for Katniss, whose innocence was torn to shreds by the evil of President Snow and Alma Coin. She inspects my work before retiring once more inside the confines of her house. It takes me a while to work up the nerve to see her again. In fact, it is Greasy Sae who comes to my house one day, insisting that I join her for breakfast at Katniss' house. I am hesitant at first, still not sure if Katniss even wants me around. "I don't know…what if I have a flashback?" Sae shakes her head sadly. "Do you love her?" Is she kidding me? That's like asking if the sky is blue and the grass is green. "Yes, even Snow couldn't steal that away from me. I was able to overcome the majority of my hijacking, and I still love Katniss…very much. I just don't want to harm her in any way." "She needs you Peeta. Just be there for her and stop worrying about your flashbacks, you won't hurt her." I nod at the old woman and follow her to Katniss' house. I bring a freshly baked loaf of bread with me, still warm from the oven. Katniss seems surprised to see me, but she welcomes me inside with Sae. We have my fresh bread with strawberry jam and eggs for breakfast. Sae tries to engage Katniss in conversation, but the girl mostly just nods, shakes her head, or mumbles a few words with her head down. It pains me to see her like this, so broken, so alone. I want to help her come back to life, to see her dance, to hear her sing in her angelic voice. I want to hold her in my arms and comfort her. I want to let her weep until she has no more tears, until she can be freed from the burdens she carries on her slim shoulders. I want to help her to get better, help her to become the strong woman I know she can be once more. But more than that, I want to heal with her. Katniss and I decide to fill a book full of memories of those we loved and who had been affected directly or indirectly by the Hunger Games. It is our way to heal, our way to remember how brave Finnick was, how sweet Rue was, how innocent Prim was and how talented Cinna was. There are many others in the book as well; it is our way of honoring those that we hold dear in our hearts. Katniss writes beautiful things about each person and then I draw a picture of him or her to go with it. I can tell that writing the stories and facts about our friends is helping Katniss to heal. Tears sometimes trail their way down her face when she writes or when she sees the drawings I make to accompany each page, but she is stronger. Her hair is shiny again, glossy and braided like it was before. Her bony frame is beginning to fill out, blossoming slowly into womanly curves that I long to trace with my fingertips. Her burn marks, like mine, are fading with time. They still mar her body as a reminder of the war, but they make her even more beautiful, in my opinion. They show what she has been through, her courage, her strength, and her ultimate ability to come forth and live a new life, free of the Hunger Games and the evil that was Snow and Coin. Seeing Katniss healing brings me so much happiness. And it isn't just her body that is beginning to heal, it's her soul. She smiles more, causing me to smile as well, and she doesn't just go through the motions of life anymore, she does her best to enjoy them. She reminds me more and more why I fell in love with her, and I can't help but to fall deeper than ever before. She places the book down, signifying that we are done for the day. Usually, this means that I need to leave, that she needs some time to herself to process the emotions that the book brings forth. I get up to leave, but her hand shoots up and grasps my arm. "Don't…don't leave." I slowly sit back down, and she scoots over so that we are sitting right next to one another, without an inch of space between us. "Katniss?" I need to make sure that she wants me here with her, that she is certain of it. Her gray eyes are watery, and I fear that tears will soon start to fall. "Please Peeta…stay with me." "Always," I reply, burying my face into her shoulder as I pull her into my embrace. Weeks seem to fly by now. I'm officially living with Katniss at her house. That day when she asked me to stay with her turned into night and still she asked me to stay. She recalled how we kept each other's nightmares at bay during the Victory Tour, and I was only too eager to agree to hold her while she slept, staving off the worst of her bad dreams. The pale light of dawn is just starting to filter though the open window when I awaken. The sunbeams dance across Katniss' face, and I wait for her to wake up as well. She doesn't. In fact, she barely even stirs as the light brightens. I am unable to stop myself from reaching out and lightly caressing her soft cheek. It feels like flower petals and when she unconsciously leans into my touch, I become bolder. I trail my fingers up to her forehead and brush away the wisps of hair that threaten to fall into her eyes. She stirs again, and this time awakens. "Peeta?" My heart seizes in my chest, waiting for the inevitable moment where she gets angry and tells me to leave. "I'm sorry," I say as I remove my hand from her face and turn away, ready to leave at a moment's notice. I hear the bed sheets rustle as Katniss sits up. "You don't have to be sorry. I enjoy your touch." Well, this is news to me. I turn around to face her once again. "You do?" She blushes, her cheeks tinged a rosy pink. "Yes. Maybe…maybe you should do it more often." Now it is my turn to blush, my face flaming red and my heart thundering loudly inside of my chest. Did Katniss Everdeen just ask me to touch her? I want to do more than just touch her. I want to kiss her. Her soft cheeks, her slightly chapped lips, her scarred chest, her stomach, and lower… I want to love her. I fumble with the correct words to say to her, but the only thing that comes out is, "where can I touch you?" I grimace as soon as the words leave my mouth, knowing that I've probably ruined things for good now. She doesn't answer me for quite a while, and somehow I find the courage to look up at her. Katniss looks amused, like she can't quite believe what I said, but her face shows no sign of anger so I'm instantly relieved. "Umm…what I meant is that you can touch my face like that. Or, umm…if you want to, you can kiss me." My heart constricts at her words. Does she mean it? Does she want me to kiss her? My mind tries to sort out exactly what is happening to me when I notice Katniss has turned away from me. "You don't have to, of course. " I realize then that I have taken too long to answer her, so instead of speaking, I carefully turn her back around to face me, tilt her chin up slightly, and move in to meet her lips with mine. The first touch of our lips is tentative, just a gentle brushing, but that doesn't stop the maelstrom of emotions and desire from radiating throughout my entire being. I'm kissing her again. One kiss becomes two, and two becomes three as I deepen the kiss. Katniss lets out a small groan of pleasure as our tongues meet, and I can't help but moan in return. Her hot, wet mouth draws me in, causing light tingles across my body and I grip my hands in her hair to tether myself in the reality of what is happening to me, what is 'real.' A loud knock at the door causes us to jump away from each other. "I know you two are in there! Now open up!" Katniss curses under her breath and we both laugh. Although I am a bit upset by the interruption, I sigh and make my way downstairs. Damn you Haymitch , is all I can think when I open the door to see our former mentor standing there. "What took you so long?" "None of your business!" He blinks in surprise, but then smiles and pats me on the shoulder. "About time!" I'm baking some fresh cheese buns one day when Katniss returns home from hunting. She comes into the kitchen and that's when I see it. Her hunting knife is dripping with blood and although the rational side of me knows it's from whatever animal she has just hunted for our dinner, I feel an episode coming on. My entire body goes rigid as it begins. She's come to kill you. No…Katniss would never hurt me, it's the hijacking talking. I urge it to stop, but it's no use. Mutt! Mutt! Mutt! She's a murderous mutt! See her knife? See all of the blood dripping off of it? Your blood will be mixed with it soon. I shut my eyes and cover my ears, as if I could stop the visions and the voices from clouding my mind. "Peeta? Are you okay?" No, just leave me alone, don't come any closer! I silently try to warn her, but her concern is still etched on her face. I try to voice my warning, but all that comes out is words poisoned by my episode. "Stay away from me! You…you filthy mutt!" Her eyes fill with sadness at my outburst. "Oh, Peeta…not real. Not real." She's lying! She's a mutt and you know it!