My mom was thirty minutes late to pick me up, per usual. The drizzly Washington climate dampened my habitually curling hair and slid off my yellow raincoat. My suitcase made a nice seat after I decided to forgo the cigarette butt covered bench that sat outside the bus station thirty minutes before when the bus had dropped me off in Port Angeles. I checked my phone's clock for the thousandth time and brushed my hair out of my face for the millionth time and wondered where my mom was for the billionth time when she squealed into the parking lot. I barely had time to stand up before she came at me like a linebacker looking for a hug. "My baby!" She yelled over the constant current of cold rain. "My beautiful baby, come here. Gracie, come give your mama a hug!" She embraced me tightly, like she did a year ago for the last time when I left for Alaska. She used to hug me like that all the time when I was little, but then she stopped. I never figured out why she stopped. Mom always hugged my brother, Adam, like that. "Well, get in," she ordered, pushing me towards the car and grabbing my suitcase with her other hand. My mother was a very petite woman, but she wielded great force by the sheer will of her personality. Sometimes I pretended that I had as big of a personality as her, but I don't think I would know what to do if I did. The car ride to my childhood home was filled with the scent of rain and my mom's never ending stream of chatter. Adam always said that my first sentence was "Shut up," but that was neither confirmed nor denied. I tuned back in when Mom mentioned college. "I know that you don't want to go to college your first year out of school, but there's just so many options out there for a smart girl like you. I picked out a few of them and they're laid out on the kitchen table. Now, there's no pressure for to pick right away, but Dan's going to finish moving in tomorrow morning, too, so you might have too—" "Dan is moving in?" I interrupt her. Daniel Williams is Mom's brand new boyfriend, and he is as boring as his name. From the weekly phone calls Adam and I got from our mom in the past year, Daniel is a car insurance provider. That pretty much covers it. "Yes, sweetheart, and you're going to love him. He's sweet and funny, nothing like your father," Mom cut herself off as soon as she mentioned my father. I could feel myself stiffen and I sighed heavily, imagining that all of problems would just whoosh out of my body like the carbon dioxide I was exhaling. "Mom, I know that you love me and are really excited to see me, but please don't ever talk to me about Dad ever again," I told her as calmly as I could. When I saw her open her mouth to apologize, I held up my hand as said, "I mean it, Mom. Don't ever fucking say anything about that man to me ever again. He's dirt, Mom, and you should fucking hate him for what he did to us." My mother was silent, stewing, for the rest of the way back to her house. When she pulled her big, bulky Buick into her driveway, she threw the car in park with ferocity. I went to open the door before she could say anything to me, but she locked the car from her side as I reached for the handle. "Listen to me, Gracie Meredith Seeders. I understand that you think that you have some kind of independence after living away from home, but you don't. You don't get to talk to me like that when you live under my roof. Do you understand?" My mother snapped, shoving her short, stubby little mom fingers under my nose. I nodded reluctantly and she let me out of the car. "Yeah, Mom," I mumbled, spilling out of the car and into the driveway in a rush to get away from her. Daniel opened the front door like he knew we were there the whole time and practically floated over to us like the fucking fairy he was. I dragged my suitcase out of the trunk while he placed a kiss on her lips. It grossed me out in a way that kisses in movies gross little kids out. "Yikes, Seeders, I've never wanted to see your mom's tongue before now and I hope I never see it again," a voice behind me said. I turned at the unfamiliar bell-like voice and saw the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my whole life. She had long brown hair and light brown eyes, and she strutted over to me with the most grace I have ever witnessed someone use outside of a catwalk. The woman walked right up to me and smiled widely. She even smelled pretty, like a field of flowers. "I'm sorry," I said, blinking out the stars from my eyes, "do we know each other?" She frowned quickly, almost imperceptibly. Then the grin was back smeared across her face. "Um, yeah. It's me. Bella Swan. My dad and I used to live next year. We went to high school together, but you were a couple of years younger." Yeah, I remembered. I remember Bella Swan, and she had been a pretty girl. She wasn't knockout gorgeous, and she fell down almost every time she took a step. And I don't remember her eyes being the color that the woman's were either. I remember Bella Swan, but this lady was not the same Bella Swan I knew. But my goal was to embrace the weirdness that Forks had to offer, so I returned her smile. "Bella," I exclaimed, "yeah, I'm sorry. How are you?" "I'm good, actually. Really good. I got married and had a kid, and I love it," Bella gushed, her smile becoming more sincere. I nodded and tried to look pleased, but in my head I was doing the mental math. She got married while I was gone, and had a kid, and had apparently lost all of the baby weight all in a year? Was she a fucking supermodel? She was only like two years older than me, too. It freaked me the fuck out that she already had like a family and shit. "That's so great. We should catch up, for real. I'm available whenever, I have nothing to do until my job at the law firm starts next week. I'm going to be a secretary," I babble while I back away towards my front door, grabbing the suitcase from Daniel's hand as he tries to futilely lug it up the two stairs leading to our front porch. "Actually, my sister-in-law is hosting this big party out on First Beach tonight if you want to come. I heard a bunch of people from high school are going to be there, so if you want to catch up with everyone that might be the best way to do it," Bella calls. I drop my suitcase on my foot in surprise at her offer. We really hadn't been that close, even before she turned into a supermodel and I left for a year. I couldn't believe that she already wanted to hang out with me. Mom was calling my name inside and my foot was throbbing after the suitcase was dropped on it, and I was frozen as I debated the offer. I hadn't talked to hardly any of my Forks friends in Alaska. Still it would be nice to talk to someone other than my mom or Daniel for a few hours. I could already tell this was going to be the worst summer ever. "Yeah," I said after a beat, "yeah that'd be great." "Awesome," she trilled, hunching over to dig out her phone and rapidly type out a few texts. "I'll pick you up around 7. Sound good?" Seeing the phone in her dainty little hand was weird. It was like it didn't belong, like she wasn't a part of this era. I shook my head and dragged my suitcase all the way inside, leaning my head back out the door to shout, "Perfect, I'll see you then." Mom stood in the hallway with her arms crossed over her chest. "I don't trust that Bella Swan. She disappeared for months after she married that Cullen boy and now Charlie Swan says she's got a baby that no one in this whole town has ever seen. Plus, she's too pretty. It's weird," Mom gossiped. I rolled my eyes and shrugged as I continued my trek up the stairs with my suitcase. Daniel appeared right in the middle if the staircase, but I just cringed away from him and shut the door to my room decisively. My room was nearly exactly the same as it was a year ago. A little more clean, and a little more barren too. It had lost its innocence the same way I had lost mine. I wish I were back in Alaska with Adam. The suitcases lay abandoned in the middle of my room, where they would probably remain until my mom bugged me enough to unpack them. I flopped down on the bed and closed my eyes for a second. The last thought I remember having before I drifted off to sleep was that it would be nice to have what Bella had. Not just the supermodel looks, but like a family. A happy life. I didn't need a kid, not now, but I wanted something to depend on, something I could look forward to at the end of the day. I woke up suddenly at the sound of knocking on my door. I didn't know how long I slept or even what day it was anymore. It was that awful feeling that happens when you take a nap and you were super tired. Mom would be pissed if she came in to my room and saw that I had taken a nap instead of trying to unpack, so I rolled off the bed with a thump and starting throwing clothes from my suitcase into random drawers. The knocking came again and I remembered why I had been woken up in the first place. "Um," I said, my voice cracking a little from sleep, "what is it?" "Your friend Bella is here," Daniel said from behind the door, sounding too cheerful. Just his voice made me scrunch up my nose at the sheer awkwardness of him. "She says you have plans." "Yeah," I called, remembering that I was going to go to a party on the Rez with a bunch of people that I wasn't even friends with anymore and I hadn't even brushed my hair yet. "I'll be down in a minute." I sat back on my heels when I heard his footsteps retreating back down the stairs. My room was messier than before buy it wasn't a disaster. At least it looked like I had tried. When I glanced in the mirror, however, I told a different story. "Jesus H. Christ," I murmured to myself as I pulled at the dark bags under my eyes and poked at the rats in my curly blonde hair. My wrinkled t-shirt was beyond help, especially due to the mustard stain on the neckline that I didn't remember having when I left Alaska yesterday night. All I could do was throw my hair up into a messy bun and call it an outfit before I threw open my door and trudged down the stairs. Bella and my mother were having a deep conversation in low tones, but stopped immediately when they noticed I came into the room. I got that feeling you get when