Important disclaimer. Alright, before people start throwing things at me let's get one thing straight. I love Samwise, exactly the way he is, and the dynamics of all his relationships. Also, even if given the chance, I wouldn't change one single detail of either the books or the films. I'm just having fun. Just one of those "What if…?" Thingamabobs. I also don't really have anything against slash fanfics; personally, they just don't do it for me. I did not come up with this idea on my own: I read another fanfic called "The Baths", by EithneCeana. I fell in love with the concept. (Warning; if you plan to read it, it's a lemon ficlet.) Softness. That was the first thing she was aware of, surrounding softness. No sounds, no smells, no sights, just warm soft, mellow darkness. The last thing she remembered was heat: Not just warm-summer- afternoon heat, but scorching winds, mountain ash searing her lungs, where the air itself scalded and burned. She remembered being surrounded by molten rock and thinking that this was surely, truly, the end. They were both going to die. After everything. But Frodo did it. He was free. All of Middle Earth was free from the shadow cast over it for countless lifetimes. Sadly the two of them would not see it. They would not see their friends sing in joy and the darkness flee. And yet, there were worse ways to go, all things considered, than dying whilst you cling to your dearest friend. I'm glad you're with me Sam… here at the end of all things. She was glad too. She was glad that Gandalf caught her eavesdropping and insisted she accompany the master of Bag End on his dangerous journey, neither of them realizing just how perilous and intense it would become. She was glad to be there when he needed rescuing, first from the Nazgul, then from the spider, then from Cirith Ungol. She was glad to keep him from dying alone on the slope of Mount Doom. For he had surely died as well. An oliphaunt couldn't have survived such circumstances, let alone two weary little hobbits. She would miss everyone, and they would miss her and Frodo, but they were free. And that was all that mattered. While she was here, she might as well open her eyes and see what the afterlife looked like. It took more effort than she expected, and the first thing that clouded into her vision was whiteness. It was so bright she had to close her eyes again. At that moment, she became aware of the certain, comfortably familiar smell of pipe-weed. Did folk have access to pipes and pipe-weed in the afterlife? She managed to crack her lids open in increments, adjusting them to the soft white of her surroundings. Her vision blurred then cleared, wandering around, taking in what she could. She fallowed the direction of the smoke, her gaze catching a surprisingly dark figure, large and slouched in a chair beside the bead on which she lay. Her vision grew clearer and she saw the person sitting in what appeared to be thoughtful silence, puffing intermittently on the pipe, unaware that she was awake. The face looked familiar; like someone she had not seen in quite some time. "Strider?" Her voice came in a faint rasp. Yet he heard, and surprised, he turned to her, pulling the pipe from his smiling mouth. "Good Marrow, Samantha Gamgee! It's so good to see you awake!" Her spirits fell. "You're here too?" She asked. Not that she wasn't glad to see him again, but in the circumstances… "That I am." He looked amused by her question. "Though, you don't seem pleased about it." Sam opened her mouth to say that of course she wasn't pleased that he was here and dead, but then the wheels turned in her head. She noted his words and actions, she remembered the bleariness of her eyes, and realized the aches and stiffness of her joints. She was under the assumption that the hereafter was a place free of all pains and ails. Of course, it wasn't like anyone had gone there then come back to report it. She finally asked. "Aragorn, where exactly are we?" He smiled warmly and pressed her hand with his much larger one. "We are in Minas Tirith, Mistress Hobbit." Her jaw went slack. "The White City?" "Yes. Did you think you had passed on, Miss Gamgee?" "Well, begging your pardon Aragorn sir, but it would've taken nothing short of a miracle to save me and…" She gasped, eyes wide, bolted upright. "Frodo! I almost forgot! Where is he?!" The ranger quickly placed his pipe on the bedside table and leaned forward to place both hands gently but firmly on her shoulders to hold her in place. "Be at ease Mistress Hobbit: Frodo is nearby, alive and well and resting." He assured. Giving a gusty sigh of relief she lay back. "Oh, thank heavens." She murmured. "I was so sure we were both goners." She lifted her head, the obvious question finally striking her. "How are we alive in the first place?" He smiled again. "As you said, it took a miracle: The King of the Eagles, who has helped Gandalf in many times of need, was sent with one of his subjects to find you both when the mountain erupted. They both returned with one hobbit each." "Eagles!" She shook her head. "Just like what happened to Master Bilbo! I would've liked to see that. And I slept right through it!" "It was a sight." Aragorn concurred. His face grew somber. "You were both in need of healing, but our dear Frodo was in worse condition than you. He was weak from undernourishment, and his left forefinger was severed at the middle joint." The look he gave Sam indicated that he suspected all too well what caused this injury. She lowered her gaze into her lap, staring bleakly at her folded hands. The memory of perhaps the worst moment in her life bringing a heavy coldness in her stomach. "It had him" She stated. There was only understanding silence at Strider's end, so she continued. "He was in its thrall: completely and utterly…" She shook her head as if to dissipate the images that would surely haunt her, of his words spoken in a menacing voice, of the dark smile and cold stare he gave her as he slipped the ring on his finger. "He was going to keep it, Strider! He actually put it on and tried to sneak away from me like a thief! For a few minutes the Frodo Baggins I'd known for years was gone! Why, I don't know where we'd be had that wretched creature Gollum… not… come and…" She trailed off, realization coming clear and bright. She was silent for a moment, then to Aragorn's great puzzlement, the little she-hobbit suddenly burst into hysterical laughter. It took a moment for her to form words. "He did it: That thing saved all of Middle Earth! He wanted the ring and bit Frodo's finger clean off to get it!" She laughed again. "This amuses you?" "Not so much as… oh goodness! Frodo wanted … tried… to give the miserable creature another chance, and I was so bullheaded about him being a great big liar. And here I am… alive because he fell into the fires of Mount Doom and took the bloomin' ring with him!" "I wondered what became of Gollum." Aragorn nodded, once her laughter dissipated. "He'd been following us before we disbanded." Sam sighed, then asked. "Who sent the eagles in the first place?" "Gandalf did. He's probably with Frodo as we speak." She blinked, giving a start. "Did I mishear you… or did you say…?' "That's right!" Aragorn remembered. "You didn't know." "Know what?" Excitement rose in her chest. "Gandalf is alive, and more powerful than ever before." The ranger beamed. Her jaw practically fell to her lap. "But… but we saw him fall to his death!" "No." Strider corrected gently. "We merely saw him fall." Happy tears threatened to spill, more laughter coming from her mouth. "This is too good to be true: All of this!" Aragorn only smiled in agreement. Frodo did not expect to awake, much less to the sight of an old and very dear friend, one he thought he'd lost. His first thoughts were that this was impossible. Gandalf was dead. But then wasn't he? Then the door burst open and his two cousins came bounding in, very much alive and happy to see him. He was smothered in the hugs of his kin, warmed by the bright gaze of Gandalf, and there was more to come. He watched with relief as Gimli, Legolas, then Aragorn stepped in, their grins heavy with gratitude. His joy and love for his friends washed over him. But where was…? Finally, a small figure stepped quietly in. A feminine figure, looking tired, freckled face raw from the scorching winds, yet she smiled when he met her gaze. Warm gratitude and affection joined the plethora of emotions. All was well. "Wait: you mean she carried you all the way up the mountain?!" "Well, not all the way, but still…" "I could only do it because you'd had nothing to eat for days and were naught but skin and bones!" Once Frodo had regained enough strength for visits, the four hobbits gathered and exchanged their tales of what happened to them after their separation. It was currently his and Sam's turn and he was getting to the part about reaching the fires of the volcano. "Still," Merry put in. "Not many a lass can claim to hoist a fellow up onto her shoulders and carry him a ways up a mountain." He nodded to Sam in admiration. Humble soul that she was, Sam only flushed and said. "Well, I think Eowyn might've done such a thing." This earned a chuckle from the others. She and Frodo had shortly been introduced to the lady of Rohan, among many others; both took an instant liking to her, and vice-versa. "Perhaps." Frodo said with a smile that seemed almost playful. "But would she have rescued someone from a ravenous, oliphaunt-sized spider?" "It wasn't that big." "It was big enough." "Eowyn killed the Witch-King! I just stabbed an overgrown arachnid; didn't even kill the beast." "Had you not driven it off," He countered, "The One Ring and I would now be in its belly." "Eeeucchh!" Pippin shuddered at the thought. The two of them continued, back and forth, in their own accounts of the story, finally ending with Gollum biting the ring of Frodo's finger and falling in the fire, the two hobbits just barely escaping with their hair singed. Merry and Pippin's eyes went to and fro between them, looking at whoever was speaking. It seemed that every other sentence was to praise the other, only for the receiver to deny that they were so special and insisting that the other was far more courageous. They laughed over the more amusing memories or shared jokes, and there were moments when they seemed to forget that they had an audience instead of just the two of them. At some point, Merry and Pippin glanced at each other out of the corners of their eyes, and exchanged knowing smirks. Aragorn was crowned at the end of the month. A Gondor coronation was quite an event. The four hobbits were given new clothes in the colors and manner of shire folk, but in far finer material than either had worn before. Sam made the others laugh when she commented on how nice it was to be wearing a dress again, having traded the one she wore on departing from the Shire with more functional trousers and a shirt before leaving Rivendale. During The feasts and fanfare, Frodo would catch glimpses of Aragorn and Arwen, seeing the open adoration for