Zero: hey I have re written the chapter in some areas and fixed up grammar so enjoy. Im making a fae race because I wanna go even deeper into the creature world tell me what you think also there is bashing I am warning you now. Now I am going to describe my characters in this chapter remember their looks because im not going to repeat it every chapter Warning , there is Swedish so if I have any readers who understand I am sorry if I got it wrong I am using google translate. Bashing of Ron, Ginny bashing she might get redemption let me know , Bashing of Dumbledore and many more. Parings: Harry x Angelique (OC), Hermione x George, Alive Sirius x Amelia. Alive Remus x Tonks . New Race Fae: Powers Fairy runes, advance hearing and smell and sight, Natural plant, Aura sight fairy spells and at sixteen Angelique will get her wings which she can pull into her body to hide them (think of the tales of series with the wing or even sword art) Disclaimer: I own nothing except my race and characters and fairy owls everything else is own by J.K Rowling " Wingardium Leviosa " ' Wingardium Leviosa' the train adventure and sorting! ' Where is the platform I don't see it?' A little messy haired boy thought as he looked around the station for platform 9 ¾. The messy haired boy just sighed as he continued to look for the platform 'I'm just glad Uncle Vernon got me here early.' The boy thought as he looked at the clock and saw that it read 9:30. The boy thought about asking one of the employees for help, but thought better of it as he didn't want to get in trouble or laughed at. The boy shifted his circular glasses back in place as the glass covered beautiful emerald green eyes. The boy continued to look around when a flash of red broke through the early morning masses. The boy looked at the beautiful woman with crimson red hair and wearing a pretty yellow sweater dress with black leggings and a memory came to mind ,but with a different women who had beautiful green eyes and red hair looking at him with a warm smile. The boy shook his head clear and saw that the woman was joined by a handsome man with slightly wavy platinum hair and kind gray eyes who was in a long navy blue turtle neck and a pair of comfy jeans with the man was a little boy about four years old who looked to be a replica of the man right down to his choice of cloths. The redheaded woman turned to look behind her as a cart similar to his came into view. The cart held a warm brown trunk with filigree on it and a suitcase which held cute little animals scattered all over the case along with what look to be a u shaped case. Sitting on top of the trunk was an empty owl cage that was a little bit bigger then Hedwig's cage and was a dark metal that shaped into a house like structure. He didn't see the person pushing the cart, but he knew that these people might know where the platform was. So he started making his way to the family a little worried they might turn out like the Durselys. As the emerald eyed boy got closer he was able to hear words that he didn't recognized and he was slightly startled when the blonde haired man turned to him. The boy expected cold eyes on his frame, but was shocked when the man looked up on him in kindness. The man looked him over and his cart before looking at him again and walking over to him with warmth surrounding him and giving off a vibe that made the boy relax. "Hello, young one are you lost?" the man said in a warm tone as he looked around the boy for his guardian. The boy shifted his feet before answering. "I'm looking for platform 9 ¾ but I don't know where it is." The boy asked in a soft tone. The man looked like he expected that answer and just smiled at the boy. "Well you're in luck me and my family know where that elusive platform is and let me introduce myself my name is Albert Heartland. And you are young one?" The man Albert said as he stuck out his hand for a shake. The boy hesitated clearly remembering the mob at the Leaky Caldron. "Harry Potter" Harry said taking the man's hand and shaking it since the man didn't mob him or looked at his scare like the wizards he had meet. "Well Harry why don't I introduce you to my family and we go find that cursed platform." Albert said with a smile as Harry just nodded fully relaxed now. The two made their way to the other cart as Harry got closer he was able to fully make out the redheaded woman who eyes also held warmth and kindness in their dark blue gaze. The woman just smiled as Albert and he came closer and he saw that the little boy was in a young girls arms. ' The girl must be the owner of the cart.' Harry thought as he finally got a look at the other student. The girl defiantly took after her parents in looks, she looked to be the right mix of both. She had light blue eyes with hints of dark blue and steel mixed in and her eyes held a warm, but kind emotion shining in their depths. She was in a blue sweater and a white skirt that went to her knees. She had on black leggings with light blue flats that had little blue flowers on the side. She also wore a white scarf that had what looked to be a cat. She also had pink hair that was light in color and reminded him of the little flowers he would find in his hiding spots. Her hair looked to be long going to her hips since it was tied up in a simple ponytail with a white ribbon. Her hair looked to be her dads since it had little waves in it. She also had bangs that feathered around her face. The most startling thing about the girl though was that her face was blank, Harry couldn't explain how, but she stilled showed emotion in her eyes. Albert looked at him with a smile and picked up his look alike with a smile as his other hand went to the pink haired girl and ruffled her hair with a found look. "Harry this is my family, this little look alike is my youngest Aron!" The boy Aron just looked at Harry shyly before giving a little wave and hiding his face in his father's chest while peaking at him. Albert just chuckled fondly. "This is my Lovely wife Abel!" The women just smiled and held out her hand. "It's nice to meet you young one." Her voice was soft, but filled with warmth. Harry just shook her hand with a smile. "And this little one is my daughter Angelique!" Albert said his hand still resting fondly on the girls head. "It's nice to meet you my names Harry." Harry said to the group and a hoot came from the owl behind him. "And that's Hedwig" "Well Harry let's get you young ones on the platform. We are close to it from what I was told." Abel said as she looked at the platform 9 and 10. Harry just nodded as the group made their way to the plat form. "Now we just walk through 9 and 10 ok I'll go first . Ready Aron." Albert said walking through the wall and disappearing. " Angelique why don't you go then Harry and I'll bring up the rear." Abel said. Angelique went past her mother pushing her cart and was standing next to Harry. "You will be ok. * lycka till " Angelique said and startling him a little as she ran through the wall. "Ok. Harry your turn." "Ok" Harry said and ran to the wall and closing his eyes as he passed through. When he open them again he saw before his eyes was a crimson steam train though he got startled when a little hand tugged on his oversized shirt. Looking down into a pair of steel eyes that belong to Aron. The boy tugging him in the direction of his dad and sister who were looking at him in humor. Harry just blushed as he made his way over with Aron still holding on to his shirt. As they made their way over the wall behind them shimmered and Abel came through chuckling softly as she saw her son's grip on Harry. "Glad you made it through alright. Now let's get your trunks on the train and let's get you * små settle ok" Albert said taking his and Angelique's trunks and putting them on them train. "Hey Angelique do you want to sit with me on the train?" Harry asked the girl beside him who was looking at the steam engine with awe shining in her eyes. Said girl looked at him with warm eyes and gave a tiny smile on her blank face. "Ok. It will be nice to sit with someone." "Well it looks it's time to go. Harry it was nice to meet you young one if you need help you can owl me any time alright." Albert said to Harry as he laid a hand on his shoulder. Harry was then hugged by Abel who told him to be careful and little Aron also gave him a huge. Harry said good bye still in a daze has he had never been hugged before and went to find a compartment for him and maybe his first friend. When he left the Heartland family grew serious. Albert normally kind eyes turn stormy. "* Han missbrukas! Jag vill riva hans vårdare isär !" Albert hissed and he started glaring at the people around him wondering why no one could see the signs. Abel looked at her husband sadly as he watched his daughter hug her little brother. "* Jag vet inte mitt hjärta. Men lugna ner vi är framför barn!" Abel said sternly. Albert looked up and sighed. "I am sorry. Angelique i know you want to befriend him, please make sure he eats and if you see scaring or any thing else please owl me. * Jag älskar dig min dotter . Please be carful ok and if anyone calls you names or tries to hurt you fight back understand!" Albert said seriously to his girl. "I understand and I will becarful. * älskar dig till far . " Angelique said giving her father a hug. " *Jag älskar dig min lilla blomma ." Abel said giving her daughter a hug. "Miss you. Love you." Aron said hugging his sister and trying not to cry. " * Jag älskar dig min lillebror . I will owl you everyday okay." She said as her brother gave a little sniff and ran to their mother to be picked up. Giving her family one last look she borded the traind and went to look for she finaly found the comartment that Harry ocupied. As she sat down the two struck up a conversation about their likes and dislikes. Harry found out that Angeliques face stayed that way due to the fact she likes to scare people and her hair was natural. Angelique found out that Harry never knew he was a wizard and Hedwig was his first friend. "Harry now you got two friends." Angelique said with a tiny smile that Harry returned. Harry was happy she wanted to be his friend and she knew his name and didnt even recat