The Forgotten Hero 31st October 1981 Halloween night, a night in muggle custom for children to dress up as a variety of scary costumes for trick or treating and remembering relatives who have passed on. For wizards the whole outlook on the holiday was about to change entirely. Godric's hollow, birthplace of Hogwarts founder Godric Gryffindor, final resting place of Ignotus Peverell, the village where Albus Dumbledore grew up, and currently the hiding place of the potter family. The Potters consisted of Lord James Fleamont Potter, head of the Noble and Ancient house of Potter, descendent of Ignotus Peverell and one of the four marauders nicknamed Prongs for his stag animagus ability. James was around six feet tall with short messy brown hair and small frame glasses over his dark brown eyes. Lily Potter nee Evans his wife who was around five feet two inches tall with wavy red hair and green eyes. The pair were parents of twin boys Harry James Potter and Charles Evan Potter both aged a year old. Both boys were nearly identical in looks but looking into their eyes one could see the difference, Harry had inherited his mothers striking green eyes whereas Charles had inherited his fathers dark brown eyes. The potters were currently in hiding in their cottage in Godric's Hollow, they had been in hiding for more than a year now, since the potters were told of a prophecy by Dumbledore concerning one of their unborn children and Lord Voldemort as well as finding out that their was a spy in the Order of the Phoenix who was leaking information about the Order and its Members to the Death Eaters. The prophecy told that Voldemort could be defeated by one of the unborn Potter children or the unborn Longbottom child. Upon hearing this the Potters and the Longbottoms went into hiding from Voldemort and his Death Eaters. They had made use of a Fidelius Charm turning the location of the house into a powerful magical secret held only by a single person. The Potters had originally chosen James best friend and once heir to the Noble and Ancient house of Black before he was cast out of the Black family Sirius Orion Black nicknamed Padfoot because of his dog animagus ability who was named Godfather of both the Potter boys. However after nine months Sirius noticed that he was being followed by known and suspected Death Eaters and decided to recast the Fidelius Charm and name Peter Pettigrew nicknamed Wormtail because of his rat animagus ability. Since the Potters changed secret keepers which was known only to Lily, James, Peter, Sirius and Dumbledore news of Voldemort had gone quiet since he spent all of his energy and resources hunting down the Potters. The four had distanced themselves from the fourth Marauder Remus Lupin nicknamed Moony due to his werewolf condition (or furry little problem to his friends) since he was not around much anymore and had now begun to suspect that he may be the spy. Sirius and Peter had both gone into hiding hoping that Voldemort wouldn't realise that Peter was now the secret keeper and keep Voldemort's focus on Sirius rather than Peter. However tonight it was all about to go horribly wrong and the lives of two children were about to change forever. A lone hooded figure was walking up the street towards the Potters cottage, he was over six feet tall and a ghostly white face with red eyes could be seen from under his hood. He paid no mind to the muggle children dressed in Halloween costumes running past him. He reached the front gate of the house and paused when he felt the wards around the house fall. He then put up anti apparation and anti portkey wards around the house. "Looks like Pettigrew was right, now I will be able to stop the prophecy" thought Voldemort. He lowered his hood and walked towards the door but he was seen through the window by one of the occupants. "Oh hell, Lily he's here" said James who was wearing a red dressing gown and black pyjamas. "What, how could he know, Peter wouldn't" said Lily paling at the realisation that they had been wrong about who was the spy. "Lily take the boys and run, I'll hold him off" said James as he stood up and drew his wand turning towards the door. Lily picked up both Harry and Charles and ran up the stairs. Then with a blast the front door flew open. Voldemort walked into the cottage with his white skeletal wand drawn in his thin hands which had a spider like look to them. "Lord Potter" drawled Voldemort mock bowing to James. "Voldemort" snarled James locking eyes with the man. "Such a shame blood as pure as your must be wasted, so therefore I will offer you a chance to step aside and spare your life out of respect" said Voldemort. "Over my dead body, you killed my parents, so now I will kill you" replied James aiming his wand towards Voldemort firing of a silent bombarda spell. Voldemort calmly blocked the spell and fired a silent killing curse back at James who swiftly dodged it by leaping to the side. Both men hurled various spells and back and for the at each other moving onto the stairs. After blocking another spell from James Voldemort fired a powerful bombarda spell at the ground near James feet blasting him through the bannister off of the stairs and into the wall of the living room knocking him out and causing him to fall onto the floor. Believing him to be dead Voldemort continued on upstairs. Meanwhile Lily had run into the children's bedroom and barricaded the door. She tried to apparate along with the twins but discovered that their were anti apparation and anti port key wards in place. She placed the twins in the crib and knelt down in front of the crib trying to console her crying children. "It's okay boys, it will all be okay, I'll protect you, I won't let him hurt you" said Lily in a soothing voice. She heard footsteps coming up the stairs. Lily stood up and turned towards the door which was directly in front of her reaching into her pyjama pocket for her wand but felt only an empty pocket. She then realised that had left her wand downstairs and she had no way to defend herself. The door then exploded open and Voldemort stood in the doorway. Lily locked eyes with him as he walked into the room. "Lady Potter, a pleasure to meet you despite your Mudblood status, stand aside" said Voldemort. "No" replied Lily keeping eye contact. "Severus spoke very highly of you, he asked me to spare your life you know, but your boys must die" drawled Voldemort. "I don't care what your servant told you, I will not let you hurt them" said Lily moving closer to the crib to shield the boys. "Haha foolish girl, I would just kill you but instead I'll leave you with a parting gift from Severus, Sectumsempra!" said Voldemort blasting Lily in the chest with Snape's personal slashing spell. The spell slashed Lily across the chest leaving three large wounds over her upper torso and shoulders narrowly missing her throat spraying blood over both of the twins. Unseen to Voldemort the blood that had landed on the twins dissolved into the skin of each twin causing them to glow gold for a few seconds. Voldemort turned towards the twins who had bunched close together in fear of the man. "Such a shame to spill young magical blood, but it must be done, the prophecy cannot be fulfilled, I think I will kill you first" said Voldemort looking into the eyes of the twins as he raised his wand at Charles. "Avada Kedavra!" shouted Voldemort as a green ball of light erupted from his wand and flew towards the Charles. Just as the curse was about to hit Charles a bright gold light erupted blinding Voldemort, the light was so bright that he didn't notice his killing curse flying back towards him striking him in the chest. Voldemort let out an almighty scream of pain as he felt the curse ripping through his chest. His eyes widened in horror as he felt his body explode unknown to him two small parts of his spirit head towards the boys while the most of his spirit was dragged out of the room after the explosion shook the house causing plenty of structural damage to the house. The parts of his soul entered each of the twins and the impact of the spell had left a lightning shaped scar on Charles's head. All that was left of Voldemort was his black robe and his wand on the floor in front of the crib. Meanwhile at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in a large circular office containing a variety of unusual magical instruments and portraits of people in various magical clothes. A picture of the Potters Cottage in Godrics Hollow on the desk in the middle of the room glowed white and started emitting a loud screaming noise. Ten minutes later two men walked into the office. Upon entering the office both Albus Dumbledore and Severus Snape froze in shock at the realization at what must have happened. Albus Dumbledore was an old man around 100 years old. He had long white hair and long white beard and was wearing long blue robes which extended all the way down to the floor. He was also wearing small glasses over his light blue eyes. Severus Snape was a younger man around 21 years old. He had long black hair down just above his shoulders. He had a hooked nose and black coloured eyes and was wearing black robes. "Godrics Hollow" said Dumbledore paling. "We need to go there now" replied Severus. "I will go Severus, you will stay here" replied Dumbledore striding over to the picture. "I'm not staying here, I need to see them, I need to know their okay" replied Severus following Dumbledore. "That their okay, or that Lily's okay?" said Dumbledore curiously. "That their okay, and don't bother trying to convince me otherwise Dumbledore, I'm coming with you" replied Severus. "Theirs no convincing you otherwise then" said Dumbledore. "No" replied Severus. "Very well then, lets go" said Dumbledore holding out his arm. Severus grasped his arm and they apperated to Godrics Hollow. Meanwhile outside a small house in the outskirts of Bristol a large black motorbike flew down and landed in the street. A man around five foot ten inches got off of the motorbike and started walking towards the house. The man had long black hair and was wearing a leather jacket and jeans with black boots. Sirius Orion black knocked on the door before entering. Sirius walked into the living room and started shouting. "Peter, Peter, its Sirius, are you here?" He walked towards the bedroom and instantly knew something was wrong. The wardrobe and all the drawers had been emptied of clothes and other personal belongings. The bed looked like it hadn't been used in days. After seeing this he had suddenly realised what had happened. "Peter, you didn't, you traitorous bastard" said Sirius as he ran out of the house and jumped on the motorbike. He started it up and flew into the air making his way into Godrics Hollow. Dumbledore and Severus apparated into an alleyway near the Potters Cottage in Godrics Hollow and ran towards the house to see it in ruin. They ran inside the house. Dumbledore noticed James lying on the floor and ran over to check on him while Severus ran upstairs to look for Lily and the twins. Dumbledore crouched down next to James and checked for a pulse. He was bleeding from a wound to the back of his head. He felt a pulse and pointed his