Takes place after the announcement of the Quarter Quell. "Peeta." I whisper in the snow, watching my breath turn to mist in the cold. My throat is raspy as if I have sandpaper on the back of my tongue. It is late into December, and the walk back to the district from the woods is full of clumsy steps and blurred vision. Snow is sending us back into the arena. His organ-like voice echoes in my head, the male and female tributes will be reaped from the existing pool of victors. President Snow has guaranteed my placement by being the only female tribute of my district. Peeta and Haymitch will both have an equal chance of being reaped, dependent on what slip Effie grabs out of the bowl. The wind gushes at my face, making my skin frozen to the touch. I run faster and faster to the fence, watching my footing for any knots hidden under the snow-covered forest floor. The fence has no buzz and I bend to go through the break. In the Victor's Village, Peeta's house sits across from mine and Haymitch's two houses over. It seems empty. All the drapes are closed and no smoke out of the chimney. He must be coping at the bakery, maybe with his family. My house has the lights on in the kitchen. Prim is probably cooking something for my mother, trying to digest what was announced. I feel a deep sorrow for my mother, as she delves deeper into her depression. Her daughter has a scheduled death. It's not that I won't try. For Peeta to survive, I must make that sacrifice. Haymitch is a specialist in Quarter Quells. He won the last one. His house smells of rotting meat and vomit before I even open the door. I hear the familiar noise that I associate with Haymitch. The clinking of liquor bottles and grunts coming from the man. He sits in a cushioned chair, his feet on an ottoman covered in cracked leather. He is reading a government official book, something with the judicial regulations of the games. A rug the size of my house in the Seam lays over the wood floor, its ends frazzled. Surrounding it are four chairs, covered in feathered down. Beside the lingering smell of bodily fluids, his home is comfortable. "Oh, wow." He says with a drunken excitement. "There she is. Finally did the math, huh?" He uses his wrist to swirl the half-empty bottle. "And you are here to what- Ask me to die?" I bite my lip because once he has said it; I realize that is what I am asking. For Peeta to live, it means Haymitch's death. Either way, District 12 will be at least one victor short by the end of the summer. I change the subject. "I'm here to drink." I grab the neck of the bottle and throw it back. The liquid burns, it feels like fire. "How do you do that?" I ask with astonishment. He purses his lips, "Yeah, I didn't think you could stomach it." We sit for a few minutes. He rubs his hands up and down his bottle, eyeing his liquor cabinet for more. "So, what does it mean that Peeta was here 40 minutes ago begging to save your life and you only now show up?" He questions. It's true. I ran to the woods at the moment of the announcement. "We have to save him, Haymitch. He can't go into the arena again. I just can't bear to-" He interrupts. "You could live a hundred lifetimes and still not deserve that boy." "Yeah. I know." I mutter. I can't help but think about time, and not having much left. With the games taking 23 children each year, everyone is thinking about time. But Peeta shouldn't have to. He is strong in a way no one else is, caring like no other. He can smooth over a revolution with a bandage of prose, a temporary relief to the burning uprising. "I know." I repeat, more for myself. I collapse in a rocking chair, and push myself back and forth. "You want more?" He says tipping the bottle toward me. "No." I cannot stand him drunk, so I can't let myself go too. No matter what state I am in, my problems aren't going away. I begin to cry once again, feeling helpless. Haymitch rests the bottle on my kneecap in a form of endearment. He nods his head, his eyes focusing somewhere else. "You saved me in the last games, it is his turn to get your help. That's fair." I argue. "We both know that he isn't going to allow that." I feel childish, as if I am forcing him to swear to secrecy. "You have to try. Do you promise?" He sighs, "Alright, if they call his name, I'll volunteer in his place." He slurs. "Haymitch, thank you." "But if they call my name, you know that he's going to volunteer for me. There is nothing I can do. Let's just hope Effie's fingers choose the right card." "You can help him in the arena like you did for me." "These games are going to be different, Katniss." "I don't care. Do whatever you can. Peeta lives. Not me." I can't swallow. My throat is thick. My hands are trembling, and I know I need to find Peeta. To apologize? To be comforted? No. Because it is the right thing to do. My exhaustion ties me to my seat and I keep rocking the chair, the tears wracking my body. "I have to find him." I assert. I step on the wood floor and it creeks below me. Haymitch smiles as he nods. I swivel on my feet and see him. There he is, only footsteps away. He is lying face down on Haymitch's couch. His shirt hangs loosely on his back, his fingers interlaced awkwardly with each other behind him. The prosthetic that the Capitol fitted to him rests against the couch, half underneath the piece of furniture. Coming home to District 12 after the games, we avoided each other except for the times when he would knock on my door saying a camera crew had stopped by and wanted some footage of us together. Peeta knew the love story was synthetic, and he knew that it made me uncomfortable. On the way to the Capitol for our Victory Tour, he followed me outside after I stormed out on Effie. He agreed with my side and asked for us to start being friends. It began to feel much more natural to be with him. We admitted that we both were scheming something on the other and swore to be honest to the other. He showed me that I am not that bad at having a conversation when he does most of the talking. He comforted me after what happened in District 11, triggering a wave of intense nightmares for the rest of the tour. I welcomed him in my bed and he held me close. It was as if he were to let me go, I would crumble to dust in his arms. However, after the tour, we still had to act enamored with each other. Not for our families and the rest of 12, but instead for the cameras crews that would travel from the Capitol. Our families knew it was nothing romantic. He became my closest friend. He has been coming over to my house. We don't go to his house because of his mother. The first and last time at his house, his mother was rummaging through the cupboards and threw a bag of rice at me. Why was she in his home? Was she stealing from his kitchen? I don't push at the idea, so instead I walked to the bakery. His dad told me that Peeta had left to cook dinner for his grandmother a few minutes ago. I asked for the address and walked there to find Peeta making bread and stirring a pot of potato and grain soup on his grandmother's stove. I introduced myself to his grandmother, who told me that she already knew about me, which would make sense because the viewing of the games is mandatory in all districts. We sat for dinner, and she had no problem with a Seam girl in her home. I listened to her stories, of her late husband, and watching her grandchildren grow up. She read me a poem that Peeta had written for her when he was nine. Thank you Grandma, for loving me And kissing the scratches on my knees. You understand when I explain my school day And it was everything about those eyes that are gray. Grandma, please don't hate me for having a crush on a girl She's from the seam and has tan skin and brown hair, and at the end it curls. She is different, I know, And so are you. That is just why I love you. I knew it was about me, and Peeta blushed as we sat at the table. I reached for his hand, lacing our fingers together. Grandma Sue convinced me that night that Peeta wasn't bluffing during our time in the games, or bluffing at any time at all. And maybe Grandma Sue knew me better than what the games portrayed me to be. We came to the agreement that we would only hang out at my house, because my mother still didn't condone of dating at such a young age and liked to keep an eye on us. Sometimes we walk the district together or we have dinner with his grandmother. And he holds my hand and wraps his arms around me in the cold even when we know no one is watching. He taught me how to play a game with carved wooded horses and a king and queen that we would move over a checkered board. He's better at it than I am. He always thinks a few steps ahead of me. We'd laugh over memories at school, remembering school events from a merchant's point of view and then my standpoint as a girl from the Seam. Once, we made a batch of cookies for Prim, making a mess in my kitchen. But he never forced any kisses on me, even when we would sit in my bed working on the plant book. He never explained his love. He never forced himself into my bed. Now, that's what I am doing, forcing. I start to stroke the back of his head. He's sweaty and smells like Rory after hauling a deer back home in the summer. Like a boy. And the thought hits again like a gust in a windstorm, he is just a boy. A seventeen-year-old boy. I rub his shoulder to coax him to let me see his face. He turns his neck and I see his eyes are closed; his lids look like they are covered in the glossy squirrel fat that Gale and I sell to the apothecary. His whole face is moist and red, and I get this impulse to kiss each patch of his puffy skin. Haymitch waves his hands at me and I walk over quickly. "He's only miserable because he knows you have to go in." And maybe it's the big gulp of alcohol minutes before that makes me push Peeta to the side of the couch as I lay down next to him. I hold him tight, encasing him in both my arms. Our faces are so close, I wonder if in any other situation if he would kiss me. Instead, he rests his forehead against mine, our noses touching. He lies on his side, rigid as a board. Is he in shock? Should I get my mother? "Peeta," I mumble. He frowns as he adjusts his arms around me and pushes his face in my windblown hair. "We're going to die." He retorted