Eternally Meant To Be Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephanie Meyer AN: This Chapter was revised. First of all, I'm not fluent in English. Sorry for the grammar errors Chapter I Here I lies in my Miseries Bella's POV My life… is so fucking miserable. Excuse me for cursing, but that's the truth. I didn't woke up today, no. Because just like many days I was up all night and can't sleep. Why's that? Lots of reasons. When I entered the kitchen, I purposely kicked one of the chair back under the round table. The sound startled my mother Renee and her boy toy, the two were making out on the counter. My mother glared at me but I rolled my eyes at them. They untangled themselves then she hopped off from where she's sitting at. Her new boy toy has the decency to look away in embarrassment from me, the daughter of the woman he had been sleeping with for a week now. "Morning Izzy." Renee lazily greet me. She never get it I hate that nickname. My left eye twitched as I looked at her, her large shirt that's sliding down from her left shoulder is a mess and has smudges of make-up. Her dark long hair disheveled and matted. She smells of alcohol, drugs, and god knows what it is from what she's doing. "You reek." I commented, barely hiding my disgust. "I'll leave for school now." I coldly said. She rolled her eyes at me. "Hey Izzy." The guy greeted me as he took a seat on the chair I had kicked earlier. He stuffed himself with the served breakfast. He didn't even washed… wherever his hand touched, no way I'm eating with him or any of them. I opened the fridge and grabbed one of my milk cartons. Yes mine, they knew not to touch any of foods or drinks I bought for myself, most of all milk. Renee just stood beside me with her arms crossed, I ignored her and shut the door of the fridge with my foot. If she expects me to kiss her cheeks, fuck no. "Always grumpy are we hun?" She asked. "More than ever. I can't get a sleep for a week now, you two keep humping each other." I snapped. I heard Fin or Fred, whatever his name, choked on his food. My dark brown eyes glared at her none caring dull and red rimmed eyes. I walked out of the kitchen, grabbed my car keys on a drawer and go out of the house. I threw my bag at the front passenger seat and slipped inside my old blue Toyota pickup, still grumbling in annoyance. "Disgusting bitch." Yeah, no secret I hate my mother to the deepest hell and back. She's not worthy to be a parent but I have to endure and suffer with her while I'm still seventeen. We just moved here in another town, only smaller -Forks, Washington. We're not even settling in for two days when she found another new stupid brainless hormonal guy who is also five years older than me. All she knows in her life, as I learned growing up, was getting little cash and fuck with any guy. Enough of her though. Being new into this town, I also have to adjust myself here. I always hate being the new kid in school, it sucks plus I don't have any slightest social skills I think. I'm starting my junior year and I'm okay to get a passing score. Any ways to get graduate in legal age, as soon as I can. When I arrived on the school grounds, almost everyone looked at my car while I find for a parking space. I suddenly felt nervous again, especially if I'm outside with lots of people. It ticks me off when they keep eyeing me through the windows of my car, that's weird y'know. After finding a good parking space at the farthest side, I tried to calm down my nerves. I took deep breaths and closed my eyes, leaning back on my seat. A firm but gentle big hands gave my shoulders a squeeze and patted me repeatedly. It is very comforting and fatherly. The tension in my back lifted. "Do not worry too much my daughter." His voice raspy yet his tone frisky, echoing in my ears followed by his throaty chuckles. I grinned up to his large figure, nodding. I was interrupted from my uhh… daydream or whatever it is by the knocking on the tinted window of my car. I can't really tell what was that earlier, the vision and déjà vu I've been having. It's weird. I look at who was knocking. It's an Asian guy and he's grinning at me. My brows furrowed and I rolled down the window. He introduced himself, Eric Yorkie. He took a picture of me when I stepped out of the car then apologized. He told me it's for some stupid school paper. I declined his offer for an interview, I don't need anyone much everyone to know about my life. "Welcome to Forks Highschool, by the way. This is a small town and everyone knows pretty much anyone. It's not often someone new will move in here." I stared at him as he keeps talking. Then a girl stepped in, wearing glasses and has a long black hair in messy bun. Somehow she seems familiar, her light green eyes met mine. Although I never knew her. "I'm sorry, Eric here is too excited." "Obviously." I said and chuckled a bit as the guy nodded, very enthusiastically. "So you're the new student. I'm Angela Webber." She smiled and extended her hand which I shook. She's nice and polite than Eric. I noticed her eyes squinting behind her glasses, like she's observing me. "Bella Dwyer." I mumbled my name out. "You're on your way to the office? We can give you a tour." Eric suggested. I shrugged, feeling awkward at the attention. Huh, didn't expected how nice people are here. But I'm still annoyed from the stares I get around us except for the friendly smiles when I glanced at some directions. "You'll get used to it, like Eric said, we pretty much know anyone here because it's a small town. News spreads fast and you Bella is Forks' news." Oh great. I thought with thick sarcasm. They must have saw my expression, I scowled which made them laugh as they led me inside the building. "Not much sociable?" Eric asked me and I shook my head. Angela invited me with them for lunch later. They also checked my schedules. I have Math, History, Lunch, Biology, Literature, Art and Gym. I'm not really good with numbers and solving, I dread them. I have enough problems to deal with. But I'm fine if Math is my first subject to wake me up in the morning. Gym's no problem, but I admit that my legs are awkward sometimes, not that I'm clumsy but I'm rather out of luck when it comes to sports. Angela and Eric are in the same classes with me in first, third, fourth and last period which I'm glad about. They showed the place until our first class started, making it on time. I gave the teacher a slip for him to sign and he didn't bothered with the introductions. He seems cool, I won't get too bored. I took a sit at the very back beside the window and listened to the teacher as he started the lesson. I have the feeling I was being watched so I busied myself by jotting down the chapters we will have for the school year. When I finally raised my head, I thought I caught who was staring, and not just one. What's wrong with them? I looked up again, few turned away like I didn't noticed. There are two tanned muscular boys at different seats on the other side of the row, one curly blonde haired boy on the front seat and the other dirty blonde haired boy who's not looking away from me. The dirty blonde haired boy flashed a smile at me that I knew too well he uses to swoon girls but it only frustrated me. What a weird people. Third POV "Damn it. Can't you guys try to be more subtle? Jake, Quill quit it." The tanned girl whispered, so low that no one can hear it. The class keep going on. She heard the guys mumbled their sorry, only they can hear each other with their sharp sense of hearings. They're all separated in seats but one of them is fortunately sitting behind her. "I can't believe this." The girl behind her whispered. "Me either, of all places." "Least we needn't have to find her anywhere else around the world, right?" The soft voice of the guy at the front seat asked them. His honey hair stands out. "We have to make sure it's her Jasper." She said. "You're right Leah. Something isn't completely right." They glanced at the girl behind her, she was frowning. "Right Ange." Leah, the tanned girl with short ponytailed dark hair, turned her head to the side to look at the new girl. This Bella Dwyer has a long dark brown hair tied in loose ponytail, red streaks shows as the light hits her. She's busy solving the problem the teacher gave out not five minutes ago. She's pale but not unusually sick pale. She's wearing faded jeans, gray sneakers, and slightly wrinkled button up blouse open to reveal the black shirt underneath. The girl's chocolate brown eyes rose from her notebook and her eyebrows almost met in confusion when she met Leah's eyes. Then she looked away when the bell sounded signaling the end of first period. Bella hastily grabbed her bag like everyone else, glancing at the others then to the still staring Leah. "Walk you to your next class?" Angela asked, catching up with Bella who's almost out of the door. The brunette only nodded. "That can't be right." Jasper commented. Their group were left confuse, watching Angela walk with Bella in the hallways. Angela glanced back to them with sad eyes and then to Bella with a smile. Bella's POV Lunch. I sit with Angela and Eric at their table. The guy with dirty blonde hair who was staring and smiling at me flirtatiously in my Math class, guess what? He's sitting with us and the name's Mike. Then I was introduced to Jessica and Lauren. Jessica is sending me mild glares from my peripheral view if I'm not looking at her. What did I do to her anyways? Though she still smiled at me while Lauren bluntly ignoring me after giving me a 'so lame' look. Like I give a shit to that. "Guys, I invited some people. You don't mind right?" Angela asked them. "Speaking of, there they are." She waved her hand behind me and her friends' eyes widened. "For real?" Mike asked in disbelief. Eric excited, Lauren flipped her air and Jessica straighten up on her seat with a cheerful smile. Before I could turn around, a guy spoke behind me. "Hey there!" I almost jumped out of my seat. Looking up, it was one of the tanned muscular boys with short black hair. He has a large grin showing his pearly canine teeth and a glint in his eyes I can't comprehend. Beside him is the raven haired girl that I caught staring at me too in Math class, also the honey blonde haired guy who look more like a model with amber eyes. Two more guys are behind them. I remembered the name of the three from the introduction in History class. They are Jacob Black, Leah Clearwater and Jasper Hale. "You're the new student. I'm Jacob Black." He almost repeated the same line of Angela only with a click of his fingers and pointed at me. He raised his right