Unspoken Words Disclaimer : Stephanie Meyer and her Twilight is really cool :) AN : I'm just new and so sorry about my grammar. This is Bellice so if you don't want it then don't read. Please comment about my grammar or any errors so I can review it. I just keep on typing and I don't have a perfect grammar. Thank you Black Swan Resto Bar, Portage Bay Maybe this is my fate, a punishment, or maybe a mere thing that the heavens found funny to inflict upon me. I hate my life, I admit, it gets worse and worse until I ended up like this, stucked and can't get too far. It sure as hell not fucking funny. I don't know the meaning of my life and why do I keep going on even though I don't have a good reason that benefits me. I'm starting to feel tired of everything…. My dreams shattered and that's just what's keep me going on before... December, three days after Christmas and the weather is stable. I'm used to the cold but I don't like it very much, especially if you are living in Forks. You know, the coldest place in the west coast and a very small town. I looked out of the window and was thankful that it had cleared outside and the snowing is light, though there's still thin ice on the road. I snatched my worn brown coat from my computer table and put it on as I rushed outside, careful downstairs. I managed not to trip. Charlie wouldn't be home till eight so I posted a sticky note to the door of the refrigerator telling that I'll head out to Jacob's. He can help himself with the pasta I cooked earlier anyways. I just grabbed my Chevy's keys, cellphone and my flash drive that I needed. Jacob's my bestfriend from La Push and he helps me with remixes. I downloaded new songs and decided to let Jake help me with it, I also owe the Res a visit. I started walking towards my truck after locking the door. I fell on the ground on fours, cursed at my banged knee, then get up again. I quickly slipped inside and turn on the engines, the truck shook violently that clattering my teeth before it roared to life. It's maybe an old geezer but I don't think I can replace it. I pulled from the front of the house to the road and drive. Charlie had changed the tires so I'm not worrying about it, plus I maintained a good speed. I remembered that I forgot to call Jake to tell him. I picked my phone and pressed long on 2. Six rings after, he answered. "Hey Bells. 'Ya called?" Jake's voice greeted and asked. "Yeah, sorry. Are you doing anything tonight?" I asked, my eyes fixed ahead. "Why? Taking me on a date?" "Dude, I don't even know which side I'm playing." I said between my chuckles. "But if I might happen to like boys, then you'll be the first one. So?" "Nope, nothing " I can hear some noise from the background and he cursed. "If you're coming over here, my laptop just broke." I rolled my eyes. Jacob isn't the best person taking care of gadgets, he also play too much consoles and RPG ,tend to break his laptop or computer and unable to fix it himself. "What happened this time? Seriously, a Jacob-proof laptop should be created don't you think?" I joked and chuckled a bit. He laughed sarcastically. "Lame. Anyways, I was playing Warcraft then the screen turned blue. Damn this thing." "Damn yourself." "I decided to make a U-turn on the road to go back and get my laptop. "Huh?" He asked. "Nothing dweeb. I'll be there in fift—" A loud honk made me pause when I swerved to the left. I turn my head to see a delivery truck that seems out of control, rushing towards my direction. It was all too fast. The delivery truck crashed at the left side of my Chevy, the sound of the collision filled my ears while my eyes are tightly shut. The force was so strong and I was being thrown and slammed repeatedly. The air knocked out of my lungs and my head slammed on something. The last thing I remembered is the numb conscious state and being upside down before my eyes rolled back. When woke up, mom and Jacob are the first persons I saw in the room. My vision was blurred at first. I can barely move and still felt numb. I couldn't move my eyes, fingers and toes. I managed to lift my left hand a bit and felt a sharp pain. Mom is moving her mouth, so is Jacob. But I can't comprehend any single words from them. What's happening? What had happened? I tried to open my mouth but no words are coming out. My heart quickened and my chest tightened in pain, I was panicking. Tears fell from my eyes. Mom pushed Jacob and he quickly ran outside. Within seconds, he came back with a doctor and nurses, Charlie was the last one. The doctor was saying something as well as everyone else and he looked at me with sympathy. He injected something on the serum tube connected to my right hand and wiped my cheeks. I had lost my consciousness again. When I woke up again in the same room, I didn't move instead watched my parents rushed beside me with Jacob and the same doctor. The doctor leaned down and spoke near my ears. "Bella?" I could only nod. That day, I had have gained some feeling and was able to move my limbs, also hear better. They gave me time for that and I tried asking them but I couldn't make any words out of my mouth. Doctor Cullen was able to calm me down and told me what he guessed I should know. I was unconscious for more than a month after my car accident. I suffered blood loss from the major injury in the head and under my left ribs. I undergo tests and CATs. I'm not stupid not to know what they had found out. They said it is a Traumatic Brain Injury and I had a cerebral hemorrhage. The unfortunate result, I had lost my voice. It was the nightmare of my life. Alice doesn't understand her life. All her life, she gives but doesn't takes, only accept those willing help from her friends. She tries finding out what was wrong with her or from what she did, she can't figure it out. She keeps on going, the ever optimistic girl she is. Why does she always get fooled and hurt? That's the question she's been yelling inside her. She never understand him, but she knows that Jasper had hurt her. He swept her off of her feet, but he really just fooled her. She can't stop her tears from falling and she wiped it with her own palms. She held the steering wheel, gripping on it like it is the last thing that she can hold on to. Most of the bars, restaurants and shops are close during this late of night. Now she's starting to feel more stupid but didn't regret what she's doing. From California, she drive mindlessly and stayed for two nights in a hotel at Oregon, and now she ended up in Seattle. You think this only happens in melodramatic movies, but hey, it is possible to a heartbroken girl who downed his ex-boyfriend's most expensive wine after their breakup. She bolt right after she had crashed Jasper's place, drunk driving away from the city. She knew something was off with Jasper for months now, he was cold and always make up excuses when she asks him what was up. She had foreseen them drifting apart but wasn't accepting it, instead she focused on him, trying to make him happy. The serious relationship they had for over three years, shattered, when she visited him at his office, when he revealed it all to her. For now, she feel a little better in escaping everything like Jasper, her parents, her career. She felt free and loose, she can do anything she wanted without people criticizing her. She even turned off her phone so no one will bother her. The night is still beautiful, the view of the Portage Bay is magnificent with the lights and the bridge. She saw a nice bar with a patio on the bay. A few drinks would make her feel better. She parked her yellow Porsche and turned off the engine. The chilly air blows from the north. The hair on her neck stood up but she ignores it. Bella is leaning on her back on the railing with a bottle of an empty beer on her hand, her long mahogany hair tied in loose ponytail. She checked her wristwatch, noting that it'll be two more hours before Jacob and Leah will close the bar. Her breath fogs and she watched it vanished. It was gone and her attention shifted to the lone figure sitting at the table near the window. The girl has a short hair that is in perfect style of spiky pixie cut and she seems rich based from what Bella observed from her clothes and accessories. The said girl looked out of the window lazily, staring out of the bay, unaware that someone is watching her. Bella pushed her black framed glasses to the bridge of her nose with her forefinger. Tyler, one of the waiters, greeted the said stranger and put a glass of brandy in front of her. Bella hardly saw her give a brief smile before Tyler goes back to the counter with Jacob. She can tell something is making the girl broody and it doesn't fits her at all. When the waiter was gone, Alice stared out of the window again and drink from the glass of brandy. She watched the boats in the waters and the lights in the bridge. It's almost one am and the bar is filling out of people, it's been an hour since she keeps drinking. She had brandy but later settled with the full glass of beer. Her parents would be so disgruntled if they saw her now. It was her second beer that she decided to get up and walked outside to the patio. The cold air greets Alice once she stepped outside and she sighed with content. Her nose is pink and her face a bit red from the alcohol. She saw the bench at the end empty and decided to go there. Bella has been watching this stranger for maybe more than an hour now, she doesn't know why her attention got piqued on the petite ravennette. Maybe it was how funny Mike tried to hit on the girl earlier. She had said something that made him tucked his tail between his legs and walked away. Then she also ordered a large cookie that somehow amused Bella. The girl stepped outside to the patio and walked to the other side, noticing that she swayed a bit. The girl sat, put down her half glass beer on the table and leaned her head on the railing. Bella sat on a different table too and pulled out a phone. She set the camera fixed on the unmoving figure, the dancing lights from the University building, bridge and yachts are in the background. She can't help taking a picture. She also zoomed in to see the girl's face but disappointed that her hair is blocking her face and it's a dark in her place. The wind chimes' sound and the air blowing made Alice closed her eyes. It was surreal, being in this place now with a light feeling, or maybe it's just the alcohol. She can't care anyway. Leah watched their last drunk customers goes