Title: After Hours Author: Laur Melyanna Disclaimer: LOTR is not mine. Summary: Erestor and Lindir share a professional relationship that goes beyond what some lovers are willing to share; but when Erestor wants more than a work arrangement, he needs to get over a slight timing obstacle to have Lindir as his own. Rating: nc-17 Beta: Andra. Thank you so much, you actually made me finish this fic before another 6 month passed lol, all in one afternoon, so thank you! All credit to you! Erestor looked up from the monthly reports from every work division within Imladris and his eyes met a comely sight. His assistant was standing before his desk, turned to the side, facing the window as he as his lips moved soundlessly while memorizing hard words. The advisor had always found it amusing the way the young Elf chose to learn his words by heart, be it a rehearsed dialogue to present himself with dignity before noble guests, speeches, a role in a play, and sometimes even the words of a song that had not been written by his own capable hands. That was Lindir; competent, passionate, and quite witty in his own right; but with slight memory problems and near phobia regarding public appearances. It should perhaps be intriguing the choice of career the pale Elf had made; a minstrel, an actor, a spokesperson for Erestor's own needs, but no, the chief advisor knew better. Lindir may spend his life frightened of a crowd, of a stage, but the moment he stepped upon it and faced his audience, the rush that went through the slight Elf's body made him tremble in ecstasy; and the fair Elf's memory was not so fallible that he would forget the wonderful sensation and what caused it. Erestor grinned, he knew of another challenging situation his assistant found himself in, but both of them quite enjoyed it, and Lindir had never seemed too nervous about those performances. It was not the pale-haired Elf's personality that Erestor wanted to analyze, though. His current stance before the advisor gave a most wonderful view of a rather full and rounded backside, the delicate arch of a slender back, gracefully leading up to a long neck, now bared to his sight due to the Elf's slight tilt of the head. Lindir seemed to ignore his boss's presence completely, a hand sneaking up to his head to loosen up the tight and high pony tail that pulled his hair from his face and made his wonderfully green eyes seem even more slanted. He did not see the dark Elf rise silently from his chair and walk around the table to reach him in a single stride; but it was impossible to ignore it when he felt a strong body press behind him, Erestor's broad chest against the minstrel's back, casting his shadow over the parchment Lindir obsessively read in the attempt to memorize its words. He looked over his shoulder at the dark eyes watching him as a crow and he dropped his arms, knowing the Elf had come to intervene in a displeasing action of his. "I like your hair up." A deceivingly elegant hand pulled strongly at the leather stripe around Lindir's long mane of white hair and bound it tightly. Erestor loved the way it made his assistant look. Lindir had a beautiful face, lean, delicate but masculine; he needed no hair to frame or distract his eyes from that face, yet the long, flowing strands of light hair complimented the Elf's back most beautifully as it brushed against his employee's firm hind and swung with every slight move of the graceful body, making each action dramatic and pointed. He leaned in, lips brushing against the tip of the young Elf's ear. "You know that," Erestor reminded the other, his fingers curling around the long tail of white hair and yanking thickly, forcing that lovely head to rest against his shoulder; Lindir's eyes to meet his own. "Don't you?" Lindir smiled softly; intoxicated by the forceful and passionate way his lord touched him. He was lost in the depth of those dark eyes, so piercing that they penetrated his mind and soul like a hypnotizing song of smooth seduction and low, menacing growls. "Yes, I do. I am sorry, my lord, I did not realize you would wish for me today." That soft smile began to stretch with the devious mischief shining in his eyes. This was their agreement, which both took much profit of. Lindir worked for Erestor, and in such function, he offered all he had to facilitate his employer's work, including his body. It was part of his job to see to Erestor's needs, to ease his tension and stress, and sometimes to build it, when the lord lacked the necessary energy by means of his own. Nothing but mutual passion had ever met them writhing on the floor or thrusting against a wall, lying on their desks, even if Lindir did not always expect the advances to come. It did not matter where, but always within the office, always within working hours. Afterwards they were just two Elves that happened to work together, friends and acquaintances, nothing else. "Of course I want you today, can you not see how stressed I am, assistant?" the dark-haired Elf growled softly before reaching around Lindir to unclasp the highest button of the Elf's collar and bare his neck. Leaning down, he closed his teeth around the pale flesh, sucking and kissing the delicious column, his body stirring at the sound of the minstrel's moan. "Oh, lord Erestor," Lindir whispered breathily as he walked following the movement of his lord's legs, just as in a dance; Erestor proposed the step, and Lindir always accepted it. His body was pressed against the advisor's desk and his slender hands immediately grasped at the edge, legs parting wantonly. He pressed back against the bulge that nudged at the small of his back, while his upper body rested against his chief's powerful yet graceful frame. "I have neglected your needs… please let me see to them now, I will make it up to you" "Oh, I am sure you will," Erestor smirked, trembling at the feeling of that tender body pressed against his own. "You will fulfill your duties as you always have." His arms snaked around Lindir's body, one caressing its way up the Elf's chest, pressing their bodies together, his other arm leading an eager hand up to his minstrel's throat, fingers sliding up and down the sensitive flesh before the large hand closed around that pale neck, but did not add any pressure. He was not looking to be forceful; right now, he was being persuasive, and showing his incontestable power over that fair body. Neither minded that particularity of their agreement; there was a strange attraction between them, nearly bestial and uncontrollable, and yet, they barely seemed to acknowledge one another's passion outside the dark Elf's study. To Lindir it was wonderful to know the pleasures his lord's body could offer, to relieve Erestor's need and sate his own. He was a tease, but he was also very obedient when need be. To the chief advisor things seemed perfect; to sate the need of a body against his own, of experiencing that exchange between bodies without having the need of a lover, who would take much more of his time for he would need to invest too much affection and attention into a relationship; and it also spared him from having to go to the training grounds to exercise. However, things never go exactly as planned, and they give each other a lot of attention, always giving some thought to how they would next enjoy their time, even if those moments were referred to with incredible professionalism. The other slight detour of Erestor's plan was this: he was becoming possessive of his assistant. He paid Lindir to revise his texts and assist him in all else he needed, and no one else had the Elf's assistance, for it was almost a question of honor and loyalty for the lords and advisors of the valley their relationships with their staff; so it should have meant those particular extra services he paid for should also be his exclusivity, but of course, they were not. The dark-haired Elf's hold tightened as thoughts of other hands touching such deceivingly untainted flesh crossed his mind. As of late, Lindir had begun to tease him cruelly. Every word that tumbled from those lips held a secret intention behind it; he provoked long silences that spoke more than thousands of words through the lock of their heated gazes. The minstrel would approach him outside of the office to speak of trivial work matters, but the tone of his voice, the tilt of those smiling lips and the look in his eyes, were set up for Erestor's demise. He flirted, he implied, yet he seemed unreachable. At times the advisor wondered if Lindir was truly a cruel sadist who had seen beyond his mask of detached lust and now tortured him thus on purpose… or if he was looking for his own ways to offer more than that delicious body of his. Awakening from his whirlwind of thoughts, Erestor found Lindir still beautifully poised against him, his breathing hard, hands reaching behind himself; between their bodies to cup the dark Elf's arousal in an attempt to bring him back to reality. "My lord," he called softly, "you should not think of problems now… or it means that I am not performing to my duties sufficiently well," he whispered, looking over his shoulder, lips hovering over Erestor's. "Am I not to your satisfaction today, lord Erestor?" The white haired Elf suppressed the glint in his eyes as his body was slammed against the desk was more, violent passion driving him to bend over, supporting his body on his elbows. His long hair in a pony tail fell over his shoulder, loose strands of hair hanging in disarray around his face. "Yes you are, Lindir." Erestor partially covered the minstrel's body with his own as he reached around the smaller Elf and began untying his leggings. "But today my satisfaction can only be granted by hard passion." He hissed as he yanked the leggings down to the middle of his assistant's thighs, hurriedly tossing the Elf's loincloth aside. Erestor heard Lindir's sigh of bliss as his arousal was freed and his pert and firm backside bared to his lord. "Are you sure you can meet that requirement?" The advisor's voice was deep and husky as he spread the Elf's cheeks to let his mid finger rub lewdly against that eager cleft. Erestor trembled with arousal at the moaned whimper his touch elicited from Lindir, and he could almost see those smooth cheeks flushing as blood spread all across his body and inflamed his desire. Oh his beautiful assistant… his. Erestor wanted to make Lindir his own. "Yes… my lord. T-that is why *I* am your assistant… I can meet all you require of me… like no one else," Lindir panted, a thread of his own feelings slipping through those words made Erestor growl in hopeful satisfaction. Yes, Lindir was the only one who could meet his desire and needs the way he needed; he knew, for he had tried to find others, to escape his doom as soon as he saw it coming. It had been hopeless. And the fact that Lindir knew, to an extent, of his importance, was very dangerous. "You are my assistant… but if you ever fail me…" Erestor let the sentence hang, just to even the score, for he never imagined he would allow Lindir to leave, much less would he let him go. A groan of need passed their lips in near unison as their bodies pressed closer and Erestor rubbed his bulge against Lindir's exposed cleft. He continued preparing the Elf with only saliva, and