I do not own twilight all that credit goes to the lovely Stephanie Myers (i think i spelled that right..O.O) this is rated T READ THE AUTHORS NOTE AT THE BOTTOM! 3 Bella P.O.V. It sucks being the new kid, especially in a small town where everybody has known eachother since they were born. People talk in small towns, and news travels fast, so i'm sure that everybody knows that their Chief of Police's daughter Bella Swan is coming to live with her father. I haven't seen Charlie in years, just talked on the phone and the annual birthday/christmas cards. I used to visit him every year in Forks for two weeks, but i hate the place. It's always rainy and cold, and the sun is very rarely out. This was going to be a huge change from Phoenix Arizona, the place i lived with my mom and her new husband Phil. Phil plays in minor league baseball and he travels a lot, my mom usually stays with me but i know she misses him. So i told her i'd move in with Charlie so she could be with him. I mean I am a junior now, i'll be moving out soon anyways. So here I am waiting for Charlie to come pick me up in his police cruiser. I saw him pull into the parking lot so i waved and staring pulling my suitcase to his car. (i only had one suitcase, the rest of my stuff was already shipped to his house.) He stepped out and greeted me with and awkward hug and a "Hey Kid" before putting my suitcase in the trunk and starting the car up. We didn't talk at all on the hour drive from Port Angeles, we sat in comfortable silence. Neither of us felt the need to fill it, that's just how we are. He pulled into the driveway of his-our house. Charlie led me inside and up to my room, everything looked exactly the same way it did five years ago. My room however looked completely different. It was painted with blue and green earthtones, the comforter on my bed was a deep blue, while my walls were an earthy green. The floor was a deep hardwood and i had a desktop computer, a t.v., and a stereo. It was gorgeous! "DAD I LOVE IT! IT'S PERFECT!" i squealed throwing my arms around Charlie's neck. He chuckled to himself a bit awkwardly and said "Don't just thank me your mother helped out too." I smiled and gave him one more squeeze before left to give me time to get settled. I reached into a box and pulled out my soundboard and laptop and set them on the desk. Next i pulled out my bass enhancing headphones, my song book, and my microphone/recording systems. I walked over to my closet and found a box labeled fragile, inside was my electric guitar case/stand. I picked up the case and unlatched it, setting my red and black les paul guitar on its stand. next i picked up another box and put my acoustic guitar on its stand. i grabbed my box of picks and set it on the desk with my equipment. my keyboard was set up next, along with my drum pad. Right now i needed to get a job so i could start saving up money for a bass guitar. Yeah, i was kind of a music freak, my dream was to major in music. I pulled out my bag filled with my toiletries and checked to make sure i had everything. My favortite strawberry scccented shampoo and conditioner, check, my razor, check, my hairbrush, check, soap, toothbrush, hairdryer, straitner, deoderant, check check check check and check! I walked down the hall and put my soap, shampoo/conditioner, toothbrush, and razor in the bathroom before returning to my room to unpack. I hung up all of my shirts and tops in the closet and they all fit easily, i didn't have that big of a selection. My pants and the one skirt i owned went into the dresser. After i finished unpacking i opted to take a shower to wash the layer of grime all the traveling had left on my skin. Stepping into the shower the hot water cascaded down my back, loosening the muscles and cleansing my skin. The scent of my strawberry shampoo wrapped around me relaxing me even further. The water soon began to run cold and i relunctantly stepped out wrapping myself in a towel and drying my hair with another. I brushed my teeth and went to my room and ran a brush through my hair. I pulled on the holey t-shirt and short shorts i normally wore to bed and snuggled deep into my bed ready to be engulfed in sleep. Then the thunder started. It cracked loudly in the sky and the air was filled with electricity. I whimpered and curled into my bed pulling the pillow over my head. It cracked again and tears started flowing down my face as my hands white knuckled onto the blanket. So much for a good nights sleep. The thunder calmed around 2 a.m. and i fell into an uneasy sleep filled with loud thunder. I awoke to my alarm clock screaming at me that it was time to get up. I groaned and rolled out of bed hitting the floor hard, banging my hip. "Uggggh that's gunna leave a mark." I walked over to my closet and pulled out a blue Asking Alexandria shirt and my black vans. I threw my vans onto the floor next to my dresser while i quickly struggled into my black skinnies, doing the universal skinny jeans dance. I mean shit these things are friggin tight, you have to jump around and dance to get them on. After doing a couple of squats to make sure they stretched right i pulled on my vans and ran a brush through my hair, deciding to leave it its natural curly self. I started into the mirror, i wasn't ugly i knew that, but i didn't think i was that particularly pretty either. I had chocolate brown eyes, and pale ivory skin. I wasn't overly tall but i was about five foot 7" and my body was naturally toned, i sucked at sports i am so accident prone, i can walk two feet on flat ground and still manage to trip. NO one else knew that though. When i was in public i was a badass. Nobody screwed with Bella Swan. But truely i was just an insecure girl who was terrified of thunder. The only thing i really liked about myself was my thick mahogeney hair. It was brown but with hints of red, especially in the sunlight. But that factor wasn't going to be shown off I much in dreary Forks Washington. I sighed and looked at my clock, i had twenty minutes before I had to leave. I walked into the bathroom and brushed my teeth and applied some black eyeliner lightly. I grabbed my ipod, phone, and backpack before heading downstairs to eat a quick granola bar and wonder where the hell Charlie was to drive me to school. I looked around and saw a note on the table next to a pair of keys. "Hey Bella I'm sorry i couldn't drive you to school today i had an urgent call i needed to take care of. I meant to give you this earlier but here are the keys to the red truck parked outside, it's yours. Love you Be safe. -Dad-" I slung my bag over my shoulder, yanked the keys off the table, and ran outside squealing like a kid in a candy factory. It was an old chevy truck, a little worn but i loved it any way, it had character. I climbed into the driver seat and listened to the engine roar to life before pealing back out of the driveway. The school wasn't hard to find, it is a small town and all. There were already cars parked in the student lot and i sighed, i didn't want to make the walk of shame to the office. I pulled out my trusty ipod and starting blasting 21 guns by Greenday before climbing out of my monster and walking towards the building labeled office. I felt people staring and pointing but ignored it and walked straight into the office with my head held high. Hello Forks High, look out because here comes Bella Swan. Alice P.O.V I sighed as I watched all of my family. It wasn't fair really, how all of them had found their mate while i was alone. At least they had someone to share the burden of being a vampire with, someone that could only ever love them. I was alone. Edward had Jasper, Rosalie had Emmet, and Carlisle had Esme . They were all together and in love, i hated them for it. I didn't hate them, no i could never hate them, they were my family i would do anything for them. I hated the fact that i was alone after almost 110 years. I felt my anger start to rise and Jasper and Edward both gasped and looked at me with sympathy, which only made my anger worse. I turned and fled the den dashing out into the forest. I needed to get away, go somewhere. I sat down in the soft grass of my meadow. The Sky overlooked the river and from the high bluff i was on i could see everything. The moon shined brightly on the water and it gave everything around it a beautiful glow. A branch broke and i turned around to see my sister Rosalie walking towards me. "What?" i half snarled half dry sobbed. "What's the matter Alice?" she asked her face full of concern and love. "I'M SICK OF BEING ALONE! I DON'T WANT JUST ANYBODY EITHER! I WANT MY MATE!" "Alice you will meet her one day you just have to-" i cut her off. "Just go away! i want to be alone! just go away!" Rosalie gave my shoulder a gentle squeeze before leaving my alone once again. The pain clawed at my chest, i pulled at my hair dry sobbing. I wish so bad now that i could cry, but vampires don't have the ability to cry. The empty hole in my chest throbbed painfully. I felt so empty and alone. Where was she, where was my mate? Rosalie P.O.V. "I don't know what to do guys, there is so much pain inside her now. She feels so alone, she knows we all love her and she loves us, but thats not the same kind of love." Carlisle sighed, "We just have to leave her be for now, she is going to hurt until she finds her mate. There is nothing we can do about it but just be there for her when she needs it." "You are right my love", Esme replied," there is nothing we can do for her right now but wait. " "I hope she'll be okay until then." I sighed before leaving the room with Emmet in tow. Alice P.O.V. The Sun had started to come up and it was time for me to go home so i could get ready for school. I got up and ran home, ignoring the concerned faces of my family members. I stepped into the shower and let the water warm my icy skin. It calmed me, made me feel almost human. I stepped out and dryed my inky black hair ,carefully spiking it and dressing in a pair of designer blue jeans, my brown uggs, and a purple top. I actually didn't care about my outfit this morning, i just wanted to get the day over with. I grabbed the thermos of blood Esme makes us bring to school and threw it in my bag and walked down