Belleah Story Italics: Bella's thoughts Bold: Leah's thoughts Bella P.O.V. Gone. October. November. December. January. Four months, and he is still gone. Four months, and the hole in my chest is still ripped wide open. Four months and I still wake up screaming every night. I'm a zombie, just moving through the motions of life; everything I do is on autopilot. I'm empty. Hearing HIS voice when I'm being reckless is the only thing keeping me latched on to my sanity. Then again, hearing voices isn't a sign of being sane. Flashback: "We are leaving Bella, it's time we moved on. The people of Forks are starting to notice things. "Okay," was my reply," I'll come with you." He shook his head at that, "No, we as in my family and I are leaving, we don't have room to carry around a human pet that needs constant babysitting." Tears sprang to my eyes," A-A pet? I-I'm just a p-pet?" I stuttered out. He rolled his eyes and ran his hand through those copper locks, "Yes a pet, do I need to spell it out for you? P. E. T. Pet. Do you honestly believe any of us really cared for you? Esme just wanted someone to test her cooking out on, Emmett found your clumsiness amusing, Alice just needed someone to play dress up with, and I, I was merely bored. It's time for us to move on to our next home, and therefore our next pet. Take care Isabella. Oh, and try not to do anything stupid okay? It wouuld crush Charlie." Suddenly, I was ripped out of my flashback when I saw them, sitting by the curb old and rusty, but there nonetheless. I pulled up to the house and knocked on the door, bouncing up and down on my toes in the rain. One of the Markses' boys answered the door and I did not hesitate to ask, " How much do you want for the bikes?" His eyes widened, " You can take them both for free, they don't work though." "It's fine," I told him, " I have a friend who builds cars, he can fix them." He nodded at that and offered to help me load them into the bed of my truck. After I was sure they were secure, I hopped into the cab and called Charlie to ask for directions to the Black's house. I looked out my window as I drove, and for a split second I thought I saw a girl in jean shorts, and a black, sports bra sprint into the woods. I shook my head, I must of imagined it. I made it half-way up the Blacks' driveway before Jacob appeared at my door, a huge smile plastered across his face. It was infectious, and I couldn't help but smile back at him. He had grown since I had last seen him, he was about six foot one now. His copper skin was smooth and underneath you could see his wiry muscles that had begun to build. Even his hair was longer, pulled back in a pony tail. Jacob opened the door to my truck and pulled me out into a bear hug, a flash of pain went through me as i recalled the memory of someone else who used to hug me like this. I stiffened in his arms and he immediately set me down, a sheepish look on his face. "Sorry Bella," he said, " I guess I was just excited to see you." I forced a smile and replied, " It's okay Jake, I missed you too." I'm sure he could tell that my smile wasn't sincere, but he brightened up quickly and asked,"What brings you to the Rez?" I jammed my thumb over my shoulder to the bed of my truck, " I picked up a few bikes and was wondering if you could help me fix them up?" His eyes lit up and he easily hoisted himself into the back to check out the bikes for himself. He let out a low whistle, "These really do need some work Bella, but I think I can get them running again!" A surge of excitement went through me, the prospect of hearing HIS voice was the only thing I got excited about these days. "Awesome," I said, " but we have to keep this secret, if Charlie found out I think he'd have an anuerysm." Jacob chuckled at that, "No problem, we can sneak these out into the garage in a bit, but first I think you should probably come say hello to my dad." I nodded and agreed with that before walking into the small house of the Blacks. Billy and I spent about thirty minutes catching up, and he invited Charlie and I over next week to have dinner and watch some sporting event on TV. I told him I'd try, I might have homework. Honestly, I just wasn't sure if I would be up to hanging out with them. Jacob and I managed to sneak the bikes into the garage easily, and I was thoroughly impressed with Jacob's ability to lift the bikes all on his own, I don't remember them being exactly light. Now we were siting on the peeling linoleum floor of his garage, drinking warm sodas, while I watched him tinker around with the bikes. "How's it looking Doctor, are they going to make it?" He looked at me, frowning fauxing concern, the only thing giving away his serious demeanor was the twinkle of mirth in his eyes. " The operation is going to be serious and require a lot of parts, but I think I can save them!" I stared into his eyes for about two seconds before we both busted out laughing. It was then I realized, I was laughing, genuinely about Jacob's personality was infectious, when he smiled you smiled, and when he laughed you couldn't help but join in, laughing until your sides hurt. "Seriously though Bella, we are going to need some cash if we plan on rebuilding these bikes, I need some parts." I just waved him off, " I have some money in my college fund, its not a lot, and nowhere near the amount I would actually need for college, we can use that." He frowned at that, " I am not taking your college fund." "Jacob relax, it's my money I've been saving and I want to spend it on this." After a while of debating Jacob finallly agreed, and was thrilled when I told him he could keep whichever bike he wanted. We made plans to go part shopping next weekend before having dinner with Billy and Charlie at the Black's place. I was smiling when I left, but as soon as I was off the reservation, and away from Jacob, the pain began creeping back into my chest. It started off as a dull ache, that began to grow into a throb, and finally sharp pain that cut through me over and over endlessly. When I arrived home I collapsed on my bed sobbing, not even bothering to take off my clothes. I cried until I fell into a restless sleep, awakening to the sound of my own screaming, and sense of emptiness once again. School this week passed by in a blur, but each day I craved Jacob more and more. Being around him was like a drug, now that I had a taste of what I could feel like, I needed more of it. The very thought brought a memory back to me, " You're like my own personal drug." I squeezed my eyes to prevent the traiterous tears from falling. It was Friday night, and I was antsy. I did the laundry, cleaned the house, cooked dinner, I even cleaned my room! I could not get over my anxiousness to see Jacob tomorrow. I decided to take a shower, in hopes that maybe the hot water would soothe my nerves. I turned the spray on, and looked myself over in the full body mirror as I waited for the water to heat up. I was pale, paler than usual; so white I could probably even pass for a vampire. The next thing I noticed was I was skinny. Not skinny as in a slender waist and a flat stomach; skinny as in my ribs were easily visible, my hip bones prominent, and my collar bone sticking out. I looked sickly, with deep purple bags under my eyes, you could tell I hadn't had sleep in four months. The worst part however, was my eyes. There was nothing in them, they weren't the same chocolate brown they used to be. No, now they were a darker mud brown, filled with emptiness, they almost seemed inhuman; and this frightened me. I shook my head and stepped into the steaming hot water. I awoke the next morning at 7 A.M., and was out the door and headed to the reservation by 7:20 A.M. I had rushed through getting ready in my haste to be near Jacob. I didn't bother with my outfit, I yanked on some jeans, pulled on some tennis shoes, threw on a blue shirt with a hoodie over top. Jacob was outside waiting for me, and hopped into the cab as soon as the truck stopped moving. "The coast is clear," he half-yelled," Floor it! GO GO GO!" I threw the truck in reverse, and pulled out of their driveway, laughing loudly the entire time. Jacob and I talked the whole time we drove to the Hoquiam after hitting the dump. We bantered over the proper way to determine age, and by the time we were headed back to La Push he was thirty, and I was twenty-two. Laughing and talking to Jacob like this made me forget the reason why I had picked up these bikes in the first place, I just enjoyed spending time with him. When we arrived back at the Black's house we carefully snuck the parts back into the garage, noticing that Charlie's police cruiser was parked in the driveway. There were other people besides Charlie and Billy in the house; the Clearwaters. Harry Clearwater has been Charlie's friend for years, so it was fitting that him and his family joined us for dinner as well. Jacob introduced me to Sue Clearwater, and her son Seth; who clearly idolized Jacob. He was only fourteen, and was a sweet kid. "Leah my daughter, and Seth's older sister, should be here soon, she was busy running some errands." I smiled at Sue and responded, saying that I couldn't wait to meet her. Seth, Jacob, and I hung at the kitchen table while Billy, Charlie, and Harry watched the game, and Sue cooked. It was as dinner was being finished that SHE arrived. Tall, with beautiful, flawless copper skin, and enough wiry muscle to be strong and still very feminine. Short, choppy, black hair that hung right below her ears, and looked absolutely silky to the touch. Her eyes were what captivated me the most, black, with different emotions swirling inside, I just couldn't look away. Something about her pulled me in closer, a tugging inside me, making me want to just reach out and touch her. And then it was gone. She tore her eyes away from me and tore out of the room like a bat out of hell. Instantly my heart dropped and the emptiness returned in my chest, and a frown returned to my face. Sue looked at me apologetically, "I'm so sorry Bella, I don't know what in the world has gotten into her! She is going through a rough time right now but that doesn't mean she gets to be rude! I will have a serious talk with her later." I managed a measley half-smile at Sue and thanked her saying it was okay. Throughout dinner Jacob tried over and over to again engage me in convorsation,