FAGE Six Pack Title: Lighthouse in the Storm Written for: mama4dukes Written By: Bell 1 (Aunt Bell) Banner By: MarieCarro Beta(s): hlsmith Rating: M Chapter Word Count (minus A/N): 4.334 Prompt used: Blake Shelton: God Gave Me You www . youtube (.com) /watch?v=zpX7S9VkZzw - Take out the four spaces and parenthesis, or find the link on my profile. Summary: A charmed life with a promising future as a professional football player until one moment of weakness becomes the catalyst to struggles and hardships. Will life ever turn around for this once strong, tantalizing man, or will it become his demise? A FAGE 6-Pack story written for mama4dukes. AH (Edited again in 2015) If you would like to see all the stories part of FAGE Six Pack visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox (Take out the four spaces and parenthesis, or find the link on my profile) . www . fanfiction (.net) /community/FAGE-6-pack/93625 AN: I had to laugh at the prompt I decided to write because when the e-mail came in from Vampmama, there were two songs as prompts. I chose God Gave Me You because this song inspired me. The funny part is, I was in the middle of reading a fanfiction story when the prompt e-mail came, chose this prompt, finished reading the fic, and guess what… yep, that's right, the last chapter of the fic was a song fic chapter for God Gave Me You by Blake Shelton. So, seems it was meant to be mama4dukes. *winks* mama4dukes – I hope you enjoy this fic written for you and I hope you enjoy this pairing. I was pleasantly surprised and a bit nervous to be given you as my recipient. ;) For my recipient's sake, I am taking creative license with what a certain university offers for their majors. An extra special thanks to hlsmith for their beta work, to MarieCarro her amazing banner work and patience, and finally to hlsmith and MarieCarro for their help with pre-reading. Thank you also readingmama (vampmama) for managing this gift exchange through writing. Unfortunately, I did not create these characters, but thanks to Stephenie Meyer I am allowed to play with them for my enjoyment and mold them to my imagination. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~ LitS ~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Chapter One – Life's Blessings EmPOV Every time I walk through the door I count my blessings for simply having a roof over my head, clothes to wear, and food for nourishment because I haven't always been so lucky. There was a time the thought of owning my own home, or even having one drawer of clothes was an impossible dream. Food was sparse. There were days at a time I was unable to calm my grumbling stomach. Sometimes it became so bad there was no audible protest. Those days I lived mostly on the only thing affordable and available, water. When sustenance was available you had to be there at the head of the line, or you went without. The same could be said for a warm place to lay my head in the winter, or a place to cool off in the summer. There was one place I knew I could always go whenever the weather or my hunger became really treacherous, but my guilt and shame would overcome me. I felt undeserving of the help they could provide. I was so far into self-loathing I could no longer see how anything I have done, or left undone, could be forgivable when I was unable to forgive myself. Especially when the friends I thought I had seemingly abandoned me too. Shaking myself from the dreary thoughts of my past, I hang my coat in the hall closet and walk up the stairs. Setting my keys on the nightstand by the bed, I gather a pair of running pants and a tank top to change into. After putting on my running shoes I head out of the house for a six-mile run, starting on the path next to the house. Though running relaxes me, it also can bring back painful memories. "Get out of here, you bum! We don't need your type sullying the streets with your filth and drunkenness. You're a disgrace defiling our streets. Shoo, before I call the police." I scamper off empty-handed from today's efforts of scrounging up scraps to eat. It's been five days since I last ate. Every day I have gone to the food kitchen. The first couple days I arrive late, but after figuring out what time I have to be there, I arrive to an already long line. Before I even make it to the door they close due to no more food available. Afterwards, I go through alleyways of restaurants as they close. However, a new city ban on giving food to the homeless, claiming the FDA is unable to check the food, keeps many restaurants from giving out leftovers. This makes it impossible to find anything suitable to eat. Many restaurants now have their dumpsters secured, or keep from throwing the bags outside until the day the trash collectors arrive to avoid the hefty fines, or the risk of a shutdown. It really makes no sense. Why put a ban on helping others in need? It is the same food restaurants sell the public, but the FDA isn't examining each of those dishes before being served. I know the government is full of far too many fat-cat, over paid politicians with an elitist mindset, but it isn't so large they have at least one FDA agent in each restaurant all across the country just checking food quality and regulations before every dish is given to the diners. Plus, there haven't exactly been an exceeding number of homeless deaths due to food consumption… more like lack of ANY nourishment. I often wonder how long it will take before I become one of those nameless bodies no one cares about, no one remembers, no one claims, and left to a fiery end. My once strong, muscular physique – now thin and weak – is unrecognizable even to me. A once clean-shaven face is now covered with a full, thick, and dirty beard. The former healthy complexion replaced with pale and sickly skin. Bright, hazel eyes are dull, sunken in, and emphasized by the dark circles. Even the clothes on my back hang loose on me, torn and dirty. I was fortunate enough to find a thin rope now used as a belt. Reflective surfaces are no longer my friend; I avoid them like the plague. It's not about vanity, more because I cannot associate who I am now with the man I once was; the thought of getting my life back is a forgotten and impossible dream. I wish I could say I lost count of the days, but the day it all changed still haunts me. I never thought I would end up like this, but so many things led to my being here, the last being the absolute worst. When the last straw came crashing down on me, I had no one left. The few friends I thought I had left were unreachable, or didn't return my calls. I also had no family left. Money ran out long ago, leaving me living in the streets with harsh winters and summers. I jog through the woods until I reach the park on the edge of town. I use what I can of the children's play equipment to work my upper body before finishing my run through the streets of Incline Village, Nevada toward home. "Hi, Emmett!" "Hello, Mrs. Denali", I say as I pass her. "How many times do I have to tell you to call me Tanya?" She hollers. I laugh loud enough to reach her ears, but internally think when you respect me and stop flirting with me all the time. Even if she were to divorce her husband, I wouldn't go there. The woman gets around more than the town's happy-go-lucky stray dog, Jake. Any little inkling of attention would only encourage her more. To the average male she is considered a hot ticket, but to me she is an attractive woman with no morals and a low self-esteem, filling the void by guiding different skin boats to tuna harbor. "Hey, Emmett. Are you coming over on Monday?" Riley Biers, a young student at Lake Tahoe Community College, asks. "I'll get back to you." He chuckles and winks as I pass. "I get'cha!" Arriving home I walk onto the deck overlooking the lake scenery, remove my tennis shoes, and strip down to my boxer briefs. I head to the lake for a refreshing swim through the beautiful waters of Lake Tahoe. About half an hour later, I am back on the deck grabbing a towel out of the waterproof, outdoor storage cabinet to dry off. Then I head inside, take a shower, and change into some shorts and a t-shirt before making something for dinner. Once dinner is finished, I put anything I am not going to eat away and place the dirty dishes into the dishwasher before picking up my food and heading to the kitchen table. Without the distraction of cooking, sitting here eating in the quiet house unnerves me so I stand up and turn on the stereo to the classics playlist in the living room. Hearing the soothing sounds of strings and piano helps me to concentrate on the notes instead of getting lost in my thoughts. You learn to appreciate the things you lose; being able to listen to whatever I want is one of them. I place my plate and utensils into the machine and start the cleaning cycle. Turning off the stereo, I pick up my briefcase at the door and head to the office. It still amazes me how unbelievably lucky I am to have a multi-room home. Pulling out the papers, I set to work on grading today's tests and assignments. When that is complete, I notice it is after seven-thirty and decide I should head to bed since I didn't sleep well last night. Taking off my shirt and shorts, I crawl under the covers in my natural state with just a sheet draped over my lower half. Lying on my back, I drift to sleep. My sister is the only family I have left and fortunately, she allows me to stay with her until I am able get back on my feet, even though my brother-in-law is completely against it. Unable to prove it, I simply know James is not the person he claims to be. He often stays at work late even though he is in an entry-level position, yet he somehow has plenty of money to support his wife, claiming an inheritance from his parents. The friends he hangs out with are shady characters who often have scantily dressed women attached to their side. There is a near constant stench of alcohol and weed on them. Fortunately he has never allowed these men anywhere around Alice and actually treats her well. James isn't much better than his friends are, but he dresses better with long, blonde hair reaching the center of his back. I don't actually get the point of a man having long hair. It bothers me more that his hair is longer than my sister's dark, chin-length hair. He also spends more time on it than his wife does, just so he can tie it in the back. My sister is an exuberant, happy person who only sees the best in James. He is good at hiding his true self from her. No matter how much I try to help her see his true colors, Alice won't hear it. Every time I try to help her catch him in a lie in the past couple years he is a step ahead. When she will surprise him at work with something to