Tumblr Institution for the Mentally Insane was a curious place. They specialized in hallucinations; so of course, they got all the interesting cases. Such as the boy who believed in the Greek Gods. (As I said; curious.) Perseus Jackson was 17 years old. He was admitted when he was 12, but he was always rather odd. His name, his mother explained, was for good luck, as Perseus was the only Greek hero in the myths that got a happy ending. Perhaps that was what started it in the first place. (By it; I mean the hallucinations, of course) Percy had a history. And by a history, I mean a hospital history, and by hospital, I mean crazy. Well not crazy, but things to suggest crazy. But crazy is such a crass term. (Let's not use it for this story.) Diagnosed with ADHD and Dyslexia at a young age, and by young I mean four. Can you even get diagnosed with mental illnesses at that age? Well Percy did. Apparently, the letters on the word blocks at preschool "would float around like magical fairy creatures." (I'm not kidding) At age five, he reported that a snake, Percy described as a "really, really, really, really, REALLY long snake" slithered into his cot for naptime. There was no evidence to suggest any sort of snake had just appeared in a small apartment in the Upper East Side. None at all. But Percy swears that there was one. It was dismissed as a dream, but there was a report created and filed. (Which makes me think the doctors didn't really think it was a dream. Perhaps a sign of early onset delusions.) It didn't help that he had a record of a delinquent. Expelled from six schools! Delinquent doesn't even begin to cover it! (Well, he's not really a delinquent. Just misunderstood.) One day he was referred to the Tumblr Institution. Why? Well because of Gabe Ugliano, of course. ( You recognize that name, don't you?) It was all over the news. A man and his friends disappear from their homes, from the middle of a poker game, and are never seen again. A 12 year old child was the prime suspect. That child was Percy Jackson. (You guessed that didn't you?) What created his status as a suspect? Besides being his emotionally abused stepson; several days after their disappearances, Percy brought home a little project from his ceramics class . It was a statuette of Gabe and his friends, produced with astonishing detail. Percy said that Medusa had frozen his stepfather and his friends to stone, and given him the statue of them. Well that was evidence enough to suggest murder, but it then became obvious that something wasn't right with Perseus Jackson. So after numerous psychiatrists, someone had the sense to refer him to the Tumblr Institution. That one psychiatrist was a lady named Mrs. Dodds. Mrs. Dodds was a highly qualified doctor; some would say she was the best in the entire state of New York. And it was no secret she despised the Tumblr Institution. (Well, of course she would, Tumblr was Olympus and Mrs. Dodds was one of Hades' minions.) Mr. Brunner, one of the assistant psychiatrists, still remembers the first day he met the kid. He was quiet enough, and let his mother do the talking. Sally Jackson was a good woman, even though she'd made some poor life choices. He'd read her file, she works at candy bar, and married the first guy she found that would support her and Percy. And didn't divorce him, because Gabe was the only thing making sure that they ate dinner every night, despite his horrible attitude. Oh Mr. Brunner read all about Mr. Ugliano, and was not his biggest fan. Her other large mistake was trusting a handsome stranger long enough to bear his child. (But Percy definitely was no mistake.) The day Percy had his interview was a very weird day. Mr. Brunner had been doubting that his delusions were even existent; probably a ploy for attention Mr. Brunner had guessed, but five minutes alone with the child had changed that. Percy spoke of his stories and how Greek myths played such an integral part in his life, how the gods existed and were in the Empire State Building, he had a half Cyclops brother named Tyson, and his father was Poseidon. But the biggest thing that got him admitted into the hospital was his conviction. He believed with all his heart that he was a demigod; that he was a hero, and his father was god instead of a cheap conman. Mr. Brunner thought the kid was amazing, and if not slightly off in the head, he would be a great writer or story teller. (He already was a great story teller.) See, the Institution was kind of a weird place. (Well obviously, it was a mental asylum, after all.) Well the Institution was organized into several different wards, and Percy ended up in Mr. Brunner's ward, underneath Doctor Riordan, in the Riordan ward. And Dr. Riordan was a pretty weird guy already, and so in his ward every single person had to wear something bright. Apparently that was his way of making the place look happier. ( It didn't work very well, but the patients were a happy bunch.) Oh and how Percy loved his doctors. Which wasn't unusual to be honest. Most of the doctors at the Tumblr Institution were pretty awesome. (Or so Tumblr liked to say) Mr. Darren, or Mr. D as he was more popularly called, was not a great person. He was the standing manager of their ward, and nobody was really his friend. Rumor was that he had an affair with the Head of the ward, Mr. Zimmer's daughter, and as a punishment he was sent to manage the children of Riordan ward, arguably the most 'happy' ward that was in the entire institution. It was no secret he despised the kids. (And the kids hated him right back.) According to Pers eus Jackson, Mr. D was Dionysus, sent to Camp Half Blood (the Riordan Ward) on probation for chasing after a pretty nature spirit. (I think I mentioned that he was a very creative child.) Annabeth Chase, a volunteer during the weekends who helped out at the Riordan ward, was also a very bright girl. She had blonde hair, pretty gray eyes, and sharp wit. And she always hung out with Percy Saturday afternoons. And Percy loved her. He made up all sorts of stories about her. She ran away from her home at age 7 because giant spiders attacked her, and found Luke Castellan and Thalia Grace. Thalia Grace was the daughter of the head of the ward, Mr. Zimmer. She suffered from Borderline Personality Disorder. (Makes sense doesn't it?) Not the nicest girl out there in the world, but she was best friends with Luke Castellan, another patient, and Annabeth. And later on, Percy. They had met one day when Percy wandered into her room. It was nearing christmas and her father had sent her room a giant pine tree that had a few sad pieces of tinsel on it. He looked at the tree, then looked at her, looked at the tree, and then looked at her, and smiled. Just as she was about to tear his head off, he promptly turned around and walked out of the room. (And by tear his head off, I mean it in the figurative lecture/shouting way, not in the literal bloody way. But I have no doubt that she may have literally torn off his head if he annoyed her.) During afternoon activities, while she was savagely ripping up glittery paper, he sat next to her and started to tell her all about his delusions. And he focused on her story. Apparently she ran away from home, and then her father; Zeus, turned her into a pine tree and her spirit protected the ward, but then she was poisoned by Luke. And then he, Annabeth, Tyson (the kid with in room 344), and Clarisse (the girl with anger management issues in 367) went on a quest for the Golden Fleece to heal her. And all she could say was; what the hell? She had never ran away from home (except for that one incident in the 2nd Grade, but nobody was counting that!), her father was Mr. Zimmer, the slightly scary but mainly grumpy head, not the all powerful Zeus, Tyson wasn't a Cyclops, Luke wasn't evil, (even if he did run away without saying goodbye last month), and under no circumstances was she a tree! (Makes sense she focused more on the tree part, rather than the part that she was half god.) But in that second, her mouth was just wide open, staring at the boy in front of her going on about how she bravely sacrificed herself to save Luke and Annabeth from the monsters. ANd then he started going on about how she shouldn't have saved Luke! He ran away, but he wasn't that bad of a person! And then he said that he went to go serve the Titan Kronos, whatever the hell that means. Yeah, the kid in front of her was more insane than she was. The thought was oddly comforting. So she and Percy became friends, along with Annabeth, and the three of them, along with Grover, spent all their time together. And then the next year, little Nico di Angelo was admitted into their ward. Like Percy and Thalia, he had no roommates because he was more unstable than normal. He was odd little kid, his mother and sister had perished in a fire years back, and he had been living boarding school to boarding school. Then one day he admitted to a friend that he saw his mother and sister, and several other famous dead people, and had conversations with them. One week later he was being interviewed for the Tumblr Institution. He was a hotbed for disorders. It had been determined that he had severe hallucinations and OCD, and had slight case of borderline personality disorder. He's also had a brief psychotic episode when he was about 4, after the death of his mother and sister. Yeah, Nico di Angelo was a slightly creepy kid. The day he arrived at the institution he flat out refused to wear the orange hospital gowns. Even threw a little tantrum. (It was adorable.) And so he was allowed to wear specially made black gowns, to keep him calm. Which made him stand out a lot in the ward. People usually left him alone, because as I said, he was an odd little kid, and he wasn't too good at making friends like most of the other kids. In fact, he had no friends at all. He was the gloom inside the happiness, so people basically left him alone. Then one day; Percy Jackson happened. It was afternoon activity time, and Nico was drawing a picture of some Mythomagic characters. And then Percy Jackson just sat down and started to spin some tale about Nico in his mythological world. (Oddly, he made friends with Nico, the same he made friends with Thalia. But, to be honest, that was how Percy made most of his friends in the Institution.) Nico, this little ten year old kid who was a gamer nerd and slightly annoying, along with being insane, was kind of overwhelmed having a 14 year old boy, never mind that he was the most popular kid in the ward, suddenly talking to him about how Annabeth, Thalia, Grover, and himself had come to rescue Nico from his previous boarding school, along with his sister. Annabeth was then kidnapped by a manticore and disappeared. (In reality, she was taking a two month vacation in the Caribbean.) And then Bianca joined the hunters of Artemis, and Bianca, Zoe;a girl with the illusion that she was