Author's Notes: This story is based largely on the movie canon with elements of the books used where the movie lacks. Renesmee is chronologically about twenty, so she is an adult in every sense. The quoted text in italics is Renesmee's inner monologue. HSH is just a small part of a larger story arc I may flesh out here later. Thank you and enjoy! UPDATE 9/23/14 - Thank you all for the feedback! For updates, including info on new chapters, you can visit the official HSH blog on Tumblr: blog/herstrangeheart Her Strange Heart I could not remember a time in my life where I so thoroughly scrutinized my physical appearance. The sorry excuse for a full-length mirror in the room I shared at the hostel did little to satisfy whatever standard of beauty I was trying to achieve that morning. The dress itself was a fairly straight forward choice; an off white a-line sun dress that fell just above my knees and showed off my figure without being too revealing. After that I went through about three or four cardigans before settling on one in charcoal grey. " A little modesty would be good " I thought to myself. Next were the shoes. The fact that I'd be walking most of the way there vetoed anything with a heel and after much internal debate, decided that ballet flats made me look too girlish, so I went with a pair of sandals with purple leather straps. Luckily my hair wasn't much of a struggle, for after momentarily twisting it into a bun on top of my head I thought " Exposing your neck might send the wrong message " and instead wore it down with a few strategically placed bobby pins to keep it out of my face. There. Feminine and a little bit sexy and stylish while remaining inconspicuous. "Just the right look – I think". Just then, a sensation of doubt washed over me and I silently wished my aunt Alice could be there. She had a special intuition for deciphering just the right fashion statement for any occasion, though if she knew what specific occasion I was dressing for, I doubt she'd be so eager to offer up her expertise. Troubled, I looked down to the one item that took no scrutiny at all in wearing, the gold locket my mother gave me all those years ago. " No matter what happens today, they will still love you. Even if they disapprove, you know that" I thought reassuringly as I read the familiar inscription: Plus que ma propre vie. No more stalling, I was ready as I'll ever be. With a quick swipe of lip stain, I grabbed my bag and was out the door. Walking towards the Palazzo dei Priori was a surreal experience to say the least. The Volterra I knew growing up was pieced together from the dramatic stories of my mother; the streets crowded with figures cloaked in crimson hoods cheering on the procession as she raced to the clock tower to save my father from a swift execution at the hands of the Volturi guard. The city I walked through now was largely quiet and calm with a few locals roaming the streets, but mostly tourist taking in the sights under the warm Tuscan sun. And to the casual observer, I was one of them. Just another young college girl enjoying her summer tour of Europe, but I was privy to the dark secrets held within the walls of this ancient city and ever conscious that I was under their jurisdiction. As the iconic clock town came closer into view, I became increasingly anxious, which I tried to stifle by going through my course of action. I figured my first step was to speak with a member of the guard stationed somewhere by the entrance, but how to find one? For a moment I had an absurd mental image of a stone-faced guard member patrolling the streets in the middle of the day clad in the trademark black cloak, stopping to take pictures with tourists. No, they wouldn't be that obvious. In fact I heard they often wore disguises to mask their immortal features to where they could almost pass for human. I could have walked by one and never noticed. " I hope this day doesn't turn into some bizarre Easter egg hunt." I was at the large stone fountain now and the Palazzo was just beyond it. My eyes began darting between the small groups clustered around the square, examining for anything even slightly out of the ordinary. It was almost noon and the sun was about at its highest point in the sky. Among the groups were hats and caps worn to shield from the sun's rays, but nothing substantial enough to keep a hidden guard member incognito. "So much for that." I began to feel very foolish and I stood there, silent, listening to the fountain lapping almost mockingly at me and my plans which seemed all but thwarted. Just then the clock tower chimed loudly and my attention snapped back to the Palazzo. I watched the clock as it chimed out the time, then followed the tower down to the bottom of the building, which was held up by a series of archways. Beyond them was an alcove which was completely in shadow . With renewed determination, I strode briskly toward the central archway. This had to be it. As I made my way into the alcove, I slowed my motions and walked very carefully. If I did run into a guard member I did not want to be perceived as any kind of threat. I found another archway and the room within was almost completely in darkness. I examined it closely until, sure enough, I found a peculiar dark shape. I walked towards it and as my eyes adjusted saw a petite female figure in a black cloak, which stood in statue-like stillness with her face eerily expressionless. From the cherub-like features and blonde hair I identified her as Jane. I gulped silently and took a breath to steady my nerves as I spoke. "Excuse me?" I asked confidently. Her red eyes glared piercingly at me and though I could tell she recognized me, her expression remained unchanged. "Yes?" she replied in a low hiss. As I took another breath I carefully chose my next words. "I have a request…to speak….with Aro." I silently hoped that she wouldn't ask me for the purpose of my request, for I doubt I would have an easy answer. Instead she said flatly "Right this way" and turned on her heel into the darkness, as if a command for me to follow her. With jarring disbelief, I proceeded. "…almost as if she was expecting me..." The small room was barely lit by the daylight outside and lead to a darker stairwell. As I walked down I noticed the heat of the summer sun was immediately snuffed out by a still iciness that I tried not to take as a sign of foreboding. Beyond the stairwell that went two flights down, was an elevator. Inside, a lively petite allegro played over the speakers, which I tried and failed to name. The same music continued in the next room as I exited where Jane and I were greeted by the receptionist behind a large mahogany desk. She was young and strikingly beautiful and very much human. For her sake, I hoped what I heard about the Volturi's human staff was just a rumor. Jane glided past, ignoring her and stopped in front of the elaborately carved double doors at the end of the reception room. "Wait here" she instructed flatly as she opened one of the doors just enough to let herself in and shut it behind her. " He's behind those doors right now." A small chill ran through me as I meditated on that fact. Abruptly, the chipper voice of the receptionist interrupted my brooding. "If you like, you can have a seat while you wait." She motioned to one of the dark brown leather couches with a pleasant, yet nervous smile. I could tell she so rarely encountered another human in this capacity at the Volturi headquarters. Nothing about my appearance would make her think otherwise, that I too craved the blood flowing in her veins. The only things that restrained me were my upbringing and the growing pity I felt for this woman. "Thank you, but I prefer to stand" I replied politely with a smile matching hers. Sitting would have only made me more uneasy. I hoped I wouldn't be waiting there long. The last thing I wanted was to spend an extended amount of time with the receptionist, whose anxious demeanor only added to my own nerves. Luckily, Jane reappeared with an answer. "Aro has approved your request. He will meet with you in his private quarters." My eyes widened and I felt my heartbeat rise into my throat as she spoke the last words. 'Private quarters'. I hope that doesn't mean what it sounds like it does…" Once again, Jane turned on her heel and I followed, this time through a series of maze-like hallways lit with torches. Each new corridor was as unrecognizable from last, save for a few faded and chipped frescos that adorned some of the walls. As I walked I imagined what would await me once I reached my final destination. I found it hard not to picture any explicit scenarios and tried in vain to push them from my mind. "I'm freakishly strong and fast by human standards; I could try to fight him off if he attacks me - or makes any sudden advances...I could run…but he'd catch me in an instant…" Jane stopped in front of an unremarkably looking lacquered door with a tarnished gold doorknob. My heart was now pounding in my ears in anticipation of what lay beyond it. As she opened the door, Jane turned to me and said "I'll announce you". We stepped through into a small anteroom where there was a set of double doors left open ajar with a sliver of light escaping through. I stayed behind as Jane proceeded. I thought it best to pull myself together before I came in. Through the crack in the door I heard their brief exchange. "Renesmee Cullen to see you, Sir." I noticed that there was a sudden light sweetness to how she spoke, which contrasted greatly with the icy monotone she addressed me with. Then I heard it, that unmistakable feathery voice. "Thank you, Jane. You may leave." "That's my cue." As I reached for the doorknobs I could feel time slow down. Jane pushed the left door aside for a quick exit. She was clearly relieved to be free of me and shot me a peculiar look I could have mistook for jealousy before disappearing from sight. I slowly entered the room and closed the doors behind me with a loud, echoing thud. I winced slightly at the sound as I tried to remain calm. The seconds crawled by as I stood there leaning against the doors with my eyes shut. "Say something, damn it." Gathering all my confidence, I straightened my posture, took a deep breath and opened my eyes. "Hello Aro". "Renesmee Cullen!" he exclaimed in his familiar sing-song tenor. The raven haired immortal stood at the opposite end of the room flawlessly poised in a black suit accessorized with a wine-red cravat upon which his gold Volturi pendant rested. He looked at me with the same sugary-sweet expression that he did the last time we met. His misty red eyes studied me for a moment before stepping forward. "How the years do go by! Last we spoke, you were but a child and now you are a young lady!" "Not so young, it has been over fifteen years" I replied coyly. His smile widened at my correction and sighed. "Ah