A/N: I've decided to post this story back up. I just want to say I never not wanted to continue this story, it's just that sometimes it gets hard to write when there is so much negativity that surrounds something so personal such as one's writing. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Warning: This and many other chapters of this story include very explicit and graphic scenes that are not meant for those who are underage. If you are uncomfortable with that, I suggest you do not read. I do not hear anything or see through the darkness of the room. I am blind and my ears strain. Not a sound or squeak. Only breathing, but it is my own, shallow, my lungs collapsing in my chest. My nails bite into my palms, and my eyes tear, but not from the pain, but the unknown. Who is there? And where have they taken me? I am huddled somewhere remotely small, and I can feel the closeness of walls, but when I outstretch my hands to feel something, there is only air.I am too frightened to move, for I am afraid if I do, something will come out of the dark, and... I hear a small sound, and I set the outline of a door, light coming from behind the wood, slipping in through the creaks. Someone is moving, and walking, and then the knob turns. I move back as fast as I can, my hands sliding along the splintered edges of the wooden floorboard, I cannot breathe. A man's head pokes through the open door, and is eyes search the bed alongside the wall across from me. His eyes move from the crumpled sheets, the paint-chipped walls, and then his eyes finally land on me. Huddled, with tears brimming, salty and dripping under my nose. My throat feels tight, and I cannot swallow, my saliva collecting on my tongue. But still it's dry with fright. "Now, now. It's alright," his voice sounds familiar, but still I keep my distance, my thighs sliding on the waxy wood, the flimsy slip I had fallen asleep in what only seemed moments before, creeping close to the frilly end of my underwear. He leaves the door open, the light from the hallway illuminating the small room, hand dropping from the doorknob. His shoes make a shuffling noise as he comes inside. I shiver and begin to feel my stomach tighten, my mouth closing up but not before I sob the closer he gets. 'P-please, don't hurt me." He stops walking, only for a slight moment before he continues with his steps, and soon I have nowhere to go. I'm trapped, a wall on one side, and a strange, faceless man whose identity is still hidden by the deep shadow of the corner of where I'm sitting. "Now, why would I hurt you sweetheart?" He crouches down, and his knee is next to my thigh. He's so close now, I can't help the spasms that work through my body. He makes a sound that tells me to stop, and I still don't meet his eyes. I stare at the chafed leather of his shoes, and the ripped hem of his jeans, blinking away the tears that blind me. "It's alright, you're here with me now," and with that, I feel his thumb rub away the tear that slides down my cheek, and then he tilts my face up by the jaw, before he slides his hand down slowly from my neck to my collarbone. His eyes startle me. One of them is blue, and the other brown. I hold them with my own, and he takes the moment to search mine, and I see a hint of a smile on his lips. He licks them, and his eyes flicker to mine before back to my eyes. "Bella," he whispers, and I feel his long fingers in my hair, stroking, and slipping through the roots, his nails at my scalp. "Don't you remember me?" I don't. And I'm not sure if I'm suppose to. His voice, although, stirs something inside of me that does not agree with the slight movement of my head meant to say no. He frowns, and his hand tightens at the nape of my neck, only for a moment, and then he nods looking down at my calves. He brushes the skin there softly, and then forms a grip around my ankle. "That's alright." I tense feeling the edge in his voice and I reach up to touch his wrist, taking his hand away from my hair. "Have w-we met before?" I sound quiet, small, unlike myself. Trembling, but I try to still my motions, my chest feeling like it's going to cave in from the weight of the silence. He doesn't answer, instead looks into my eyes, and his lips are bitten closed. He's holding himself back, for whatever reason, breathing through his nose slowly. His look kills me. He is angry, and I do not know what I said. This isn't good, but I can't help but think he is acting irrationally. Well of course, isn't he a kidnapper? "Of course you wouldn't notice me with him standing there." I don't know what he's talking about. Or who. Or where we could have both been or met. His cryptic words leave me more scared, thinking he has me confused with someone else, but there is no one else in Forks named Bella. And when he looked at me, he was certain I was who he wanted. "I don't understand." But I don't need to. He has shut down. The intensity in his eyes burn, and they send a rush through my body, my words starting to catch in my throat as I open my mouth. "I shouldn't have snapped. I'm sorry." he whispers and before I know it, his mouth is on my neck, and he breathes heavily, the sound of it escaping his mouth, tickling my ear. His arms are around me, and I am more confused than ever. I'm not sure if I'm scared, or simply being more cautious as I try to return his touch, as though not to anger him. "It's okay." I am cold, and he senses this and moves to stand, pulling me up from underneath my arms. The door is open, and I can see the light in the hallway, yellow and flickering. His hands leave my arms, and he starts toward the hallway, muttering while tapping the single light bulb that hangsuntil it stops flickering, and stays with solid light. I pull down my slip, what little of it I can, and try to smooth out the wrinkles that cover my stomach from bending to sit. I look only to the floor and I am not sure of what to do. Should I run? But when I feel him come to my side again, I know it is not wise to risk an escape. There's no way that I can beat a man that has a solid hundred pounds on me. I will not be stupid when I finally manage to slip away. He tilts my head, and brushes my bangs from my eyes, his warm hands coming up under my neck. "Would you like to bathe?" I shake my head no, although, surely I would. But I can't. I do not want to remove my clothing not with this stranger in such close range, that might do horrific things to me if I did. I cannot tempt him, what I need to do is get out of here. "Don't worry, sweetheart. I'll be in this bedroom the whole time, and you can lock the door if that's what you're worried about." His eyes are honest, and there is something that looks like hurt within them, but I can't feel sorry for him, at least not much more. I already feel sorry, with what terrible conditions he is living in, everything worn down and barely living in the old house. I am not sure if I should accept the offer, and know instantly before I go into the bathroom, that there are no windows. He knows that I am not to be trusted, and when I turn to ask him for clothes, he sets them on the countertop without a word. They are nothing that will fit me, but his. There is a simple black tee, that is long enough to cover well past my thighs, and a pair of cotton underwear that look strangely similar. And when I touch them, I realize, they are mine. Pink, and covered with ice cream cones. I feel tears prickle at my eyes and lean to turn the shower on, knowing, he must have been inside my house, picking through my personal items without a care. The realization that there was an obvious plan to bring me to his home, kills me. He closes the door, and he does lock it, and I feel much safer with the distance when I hear the click. I stir, lifting the the thin slip up and over my head, and let it fall into a heap at my feet, along with my underwear, no bra. The water is hot, and there is a humble piece of soap in a dish on the ledge. I step inside, the water working into my ankles, and lower myself down, the ends of my hair becoming heavy with wet water. I allow myself to breathe, it's the only thing I can control now, my heart still beating at an erratic rate in my chest. I don't ever think it will calm down. I go to close my eyes, when out of the corner of my eye, I see a flash of something dark. Under the door there is a tiny space, and I see his shadow, and then hear him slide down the door, imagining him leaning against it. He does not move the entire time, and he listens to the small splashes of water throughout my bath, and when I am clean, I stand, and dry myself off with the towel that has a few holes near the end. I pull on my panties and slip into the shirt he has given me, and towel dry my hair, until it falls down my back, still damp. I step to the door, and knock on it first, and I feel him scramble to his feet, and open the door. I look down, and wrap my arms around my breasts, which I am sure he can see poking through the thin fabric, and step into his bedroom again. "Do you wanna eat something before we go to bed?" he asks, and I feel his hand, light, on the small of my back, and he is leading me to the bed. I want to run away, but I don't even know where I am, how long I have been here, and if I ran, who else wouldn't do what he was planning to do, watching my run in nothing but a shirt down the vacant and eerily deserted street. I shake my head no, and find that I cannot speak through my lips. I have lost my voice. It is stuck, and unmoving, in my throat. I hug myself, and the draft creates goosebumps on my legs. "Sure, sweetheart?" he asks, and tells me to get into the bed. He drapes the covers on me, and I cannot look at him. I am trembling. I press my face into the pillow below my head, and wait. I hear the clank that his belt buckle makes on the floor, and the weight of his jeans. I am not sure if his shirt is off, until he comes behind me, and his arms pull me to his chest. "N-no.." "Shh, Bella, it's only me. Only me." he says, as if that is going to in any way, calm me down. I start to breathe heavily, and