A/N: Hey guys! I decided to finally write down this idea I've had in my head for a few months, and I hope you enjoy it! This is going to be Part 1 of possibly a three part story. I was inspired by the song The Killing Moon by Echo & the Bunnymen, and hope you'll listen to it after you finish reading this. See you at the bottom! Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Note: Unbeta'd so all mistakes are my own. Part 1: Under Blue Moon They'd always told me that we were destined to be together, though I'd never really taken it as seriously as I should have. The mystical energy that connected us was just too powerful to keep him from me, and the bond only seemed to be getting stronger with each day that passed. I'd never really given much thought to the word imprint, though I'd heard it several times growing up when I would spend time in La Push, with Charlie's friends and their families. But I should have connected the dots between this word and fate. To be completely honest, it all made sense in a way, even if I didn't want it to. Jacob had started following me a few months earlier, and at first, I thought nothing of his constant appearance. Even if his reason for being where I was didn't make sense, I had brushed off the way his eyes seemed to linger on my neck and legs, and the way he talked sometimes. If I so even as mentioned another boys name, his back would tense up, and his hands would start to shake. I didn't understand his aggression, couldn't pinpoint where it all stemmed from until I let it drop to Charlie one afternoon that I was afraid of his best friend's son. "Now, Bella, there's nothing to be afraid of from Jacob. Don't you see that he's head over heels for you?" His lip curled up, and I could see he was amused at my lack of observational skills. I blushed without meaning to, cursing that I was so easily embarrassed. "But I don't...I don't think of him in that way." I struggled to get my point across as Charlie's eyes assessed me in a dismissive manner. "I'm sure that'll change." It didn't, though Charlie took every chance he got to stick the two of us together. Reluctantly I would sit on the couch, my thigh touching Jacob's, my arms crossed while the three of the them watched the days game. I would try to ignore just how close we were, but I was always hyper aware of just how high his body temperature was. I'd try my hardest to make up excuses to retreat to the kitchen, if only for a few moments, but even then he'd follow, his body acting as my own personal shadow. "Do you need help with anything?" His voice was always rough and strangely soft at the same time. I never did understand how such a contradiction could exist. He leaned against the counter where I was shuffling to finish up dinner, chopping cherry tomatoes at a snail's pace, trying to waste as much time as possible before we would be forced to all sit at the same table. I shook my head no, daring to spare a shy glimpse at his face. I couldn't look into his eyes for too long without feeling like I was drowning in his heated gaze. His tongue darted out to moisten his bottom lip, and my breath caught in my throat. I couldn't understand what it was about him, but I sensed something dark and strange about him. He had an otherness that was just too hard to not see. "Bella, I've been meaning to ask you something." He came closer then, a step too close. His hand pressed at my lower back, the heat of his palm burning as if no material separated my skin from his. I stopped chopping, the knife going still in my grasp. "What is it?" My voice came out smaller than I intended it to, and I had the fleeting thought that I sounded like a little girl. Red creeped around his neck, and he scratched at his scalp nervously. He cleared his throat then, determined to get over his momentary shyness. "I wanted to ask you to a bonfire Sam and Emily are having this weekend." I'd known about the bonfire having talked to Emily earlier in the week, but I hadn't ever imagined it more than as being a friendly get together. I was excited to see Leah, Quil and Embry. It had been too long since we'd hung out, and ever since school had started, I hadn't had a lot of time to socialize, much less sleep. "Like a date?" It seemed as if time had stopped or at least slowed. My heart beat fast in my chest, and my hands turned clammy. The knife slipped from my hand and onto the floor. We both shuffled to grab it, and only when we came up to stand again did he answer, "Yeah. I could pick you up in the Rabbit an hour before." My voice got caught in my throat, and the silence between us quickly became horribly thick. "I don't think -" His face started to fall before I'd even gotten the chance to finish, knowing that rejection was coming. I couldn't do that to him. I could already see the hurt building in his eyes, already digging like he had thorns in his sides. "I mean, I'd have to ask Charlie first." His entire demeanor changed; he grinned, smug. His reply was a quick, "He'd be okay with it. It's not like I'm some stranger or anything." But he was. In the past year so many things had changed about him. No longer did he wear his hair long, the way I preferred it, No longer did he make me feel easy going, instead leaving me anxiety ridden, and constantly questioning whether or not he was the same boy I'd grown up with in the woods. And it was like he didn't know how to keep his hands to himself anymore. I couldn't remember if he ever this grabby, and if so, if the nature of his touches had changed from innocent into something else. Just like he'd predicted, Charlie had practically jumped for joy when Jacob had asked for his permission to take me out Saturday night. I still hadn't even said the word yes , and the decision was already made for me. I picked at my food, tuning out the rest of their conversation. I pierced a tomato half with the tines of my fork, ready to put it in my mouth when I felt Jacob's searing hand move to rest on my thigh underneath our shabby dinning room table. I jumped, not at all expecting his touch. Charlie and Billy were way too animated in their discussion of the outcome of the game to notice, and I shot Jacob an accusatory glare. This made him squeeze my flesh all the more fiercely, harder. I tried to push his hand away, but he wouldn't let up. Frustrated tears welled up in my eyes, and it seemed as if Saturday had been ruined before it ever came. I tried my best to avoid him throughout the entire week; it wasn't easy. I felt like he was always one step behind me, too close to touch. I'd seen him in the hallways of school, though I knew he didn't go to Forks High, and on the highway, the Rabbit a constant companion in my side view mirror. I didn't know if I was imagining him following me, or if it was really happening. I didn't mention anything to Charlie again. I was afraid he would think I was over reacting, or worse, try to stick us together in attempt to show me that Jacob was a nice guy. I dreaded Saturday like I'd dreaded moving to Forks permanently last fall. I'd spent so much time in Forks already, it seemed almost a relief to quit traveling back and forth from Jacksonville. But I was quickly coming to regret my logical decision. Emily called the night before the bonfire, looking to rouse me out of the house. "I haven't heard from you all week. Are you okay, Bella?" "Yeah, I'm fine. I've just been tired." My voice sounded unconvincing even to my ears, but I couldn't think of anything else to say without revealing too much about how I felt. I didn't want to ruin the party she'd been planning for a couple of weeks now. "Are you sure? You just kind of seem unhappy lately." "I'm not not happy, it's just that.." I paused, unsure of revealing to her just how anxious I'd been. "What Bella? You know you can tell me anything." Her voice sounded reassuring, and slightly concerned, but there was also an undertone of anticipation that just didn't sit right with me. But I pressed on anyway, telling her about the date. "Oh, wow. Finally! I've been waiting for him to finally work a nerve enough to ask you." "You knew he was going to ask me out?!" "No, but he's been wanting to forever. Trust me when I say he likes you way more than you know." "I don't know if that's a good thing." "Why? Don't you like him? He's been your best friend all your life." "He's...changed. It's like I don't know who he is anymore. He gives me this weird feeling. I just can't describe it, but I feel like he's just always there." "He likes you Bella. Give him a chance, and if it works, it works." Our conversation dissolved after that into a detailed description of how Sam had taken her in the woods the afternoon before, and I listened, irrationally jealous of how he loved her. How he seemed to worship the very air she breathed. It was a different kind of worship, one that didn't stem from obsession or feeling the need to own something just because it was beautiful. His love was pure, one that did not expect anything in return but to be allowed to continue to exist. That night I fell asleep, ambivalent for reasons I didn't understand. I woke the next morning and stared at the ceiling, at the ridges in the plaster that hadn't been there a few hours ago. Where had those come from? It looked as if something had dug deep with it's claws into the white, just enough to shift the ceiling downward, but not hard enough to break through. If I didn't know any better, the impression looked like one of a paw, but I really couldn't imagine anything lithe or capable enough to have jumped on the roof without waking me. This one's going to be hard to explain to Charlie . I sighed, knowing the day was only going to get worse. "Bella! Jake's here." Too nervous to even breathe, I smoothed down the the baby blue dress I'd chosen to wear, praying it was casual enough for the bonfire, but also nice enough that it'd looked like I tried to put effort into my look. The straps were thin on my shoulders, making my skin look softer, almost supple. I turned in front of the mirror propped against a corner of my room, inspecting how my waist looked from the side. I was glad the cut was flattering; the length mid-thigh without looking too short, and the material as flyaway as a sundress. I hoped Charlie wouldn't disapprove. Breathing in a deep breath, I knew I couldn't keep them waiting any longer than I already had. As soon as my flats touched the steps, his dark head snapped up to look at me from below. I attempted a smile, and tried not to slip by holding onto the