A/N: Don't be mad that this isn't an update for GINY, I'm working on the next chapter for that, but I had to write this. The other day I discovered the song "Yours Again," by Red and I literally could not stop listening to it. This is what it inspired. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Note: Unbeta'd so all mistakes are my own. I remember the first time I saw you. You were laying under the hood of a busted up Chevy, your white wife-beater riding up as you continued to twist the wrench in your hand, tighter. I could smell the heavy scent of engine oil in the air, and tried my best to avoid the various car parts that were scattered on the concrete floor. From the outside of the body shop, it had looked vacant, but just as I had turned to go back into my car I heard the manly grunts often associated with excretion. I had thought to leave you alone until you surfaced from underneath the looming vehicle, when you had somehow sensed my presence. You slid out, your back appearing to be leaning on what looked like to be a skateboard. Your face bore dark gray smudges, and I saw you reach for the small stained towel near your hand to wipe the grease away from your skin. I hadn't been surprised at the color, the russet commonplace for people from La Push, and I felt starkly pale in contrast. Though I had no idea of knowing whom I had spoke to on the phone, I knew it hadn't been you. The voice had sounded friendly, laid back and from the look in your eyes, I knew you were neither. There was a hard look in them that sent currents of unexpected tingles towards my nether region that only intensified as your eyes softened as they took me in. The summer heat had felt welcome compared to those dreary days in Forks where the harder the rain came down, the colder it seemed to get. Busting out a sundress Renee had bought me, I had felt totally justified but the way your eyes lingered on the shape of my legs, made my voice get caught in my throat. I knew by the heat I felt in my face that I was blushing, but by the curl that had descended upon your lips, I realized you found the fact that I was shy amusing. "Um, hi. I called earlier about my truck." When you didn't respond, I thought about leaving then. I thought about finally letting my poor old truck go, and about trying to salvage what parts were good enough to sell rather than spending more money than it was worth to fix it. But as I turned to escape your intimidating gaze, embarrassed and slightly pissed off, I heard your boots scruff the ground as you moved to stand. I swallowed deeply as you stood looking down at me, I remember thinking it was impossible for a man to be so tall. I had flinched as you outstretched your large hand to shake mine. Surprised, I responded to your strong grip by curling my fingers around yours hesitantly. "I'm Jacob. Jacob Black. You're Bella Swan?" Your voice was husky, purely masculine and rough. "Yes, my truck keeps making this weird sound." You furrowed your brow, before asking, "It's out front?" I nodded, and that was the last thing you said to me before pushing past. You wasted no time finding what was causing the problem, quickly crouching down easily, when it would have been nearly impossible for me to balance my weight on the backs of my thighs. When all was said and done and you walked me back to your office, I couldn't help but to look at your strong arms and watch as a bead of sweat ran down the back of your neck. I tried to say something clever about the weather, but failed miserably. When you gave me the bill, I thought the repair would have cost more. I should have known you'd never charge me your usual rate. "This is dirt cheap, how do you make any money around here?" You ignored my question, and as I reached into my wallet for the few bills I owed, I felt your fingers touch my hair. I looked up then, my bottom lip between my teeth. "You seeing anybody?" I could feel my heart hammering in my chest, and my breath come up short. I hadn't ever expected for you to be interested in me. I shook my head, and felt your fingers further thread themselves into my brown locks. Your dark eyes looked into mine before you stepped forward and kissed me. Your lips were rough, and persistent, your body pressing mine further into your desk. I thought to protest when I felt your hand creep underneath the soft material of my dress, but didn't when you started to rub me feverishly, almost frantically. Your fingers pushed past the small resistance of my underwear, before parting my lips. "This makes you wet, honey? Letting a stranger touch you like this?" I nodded, a moan building deep in my throat. "Fuck, oh god please!" I begged you, as I felt you push me back to lay on the desk. You'd cleared everything off of it with your arm, careless as to the mess we were making. I struggled with your belt buckle at first, but you hadn't cared. You'd only tightened your grip on my hair, and ordered me to wrap my legs around you. Your thrusts were violent, vicious. I hadn't been able to walk right for days, remembering how you'd so brutally taken me a constant reminder. Your fingers had left bruises on my thighs, and the skin of my scalp had rang with hurt but I'd smiled as I'd recalled you tugging my head up to meet your demanding kisses. "I bet you've never been fucked like this." I shook my head in answer, as my eyes rolled back into my head in ecstasy. I'd screamed out in pleasure as you held me down, one hand wrapped around my throat. "Cum around me, baby." I'd milked you, coming not once, but twice. I felt your triumph as you continued to thrust, almost trying to prove to me that I'd never have another like you. By the end of it, I hadn't been able to breathe. You'd pulled out, fisting your cock, the bulbous head purple and angry looking. You had nudged my legs apart so that my lips were splayed open, my clit clearly visible. Your eyes never left that soft tissue, the pink and swollen evidence of my arousal driving you further to the edge. You came on my pussy in hot spurts, cursing my name, "Bella!" I had watched in utter fascination, not once thinking how lucky we'd both been that I was on the pill. You hadn't thought to ask until our second meeting, our first brush in the supermarket. I'd been surveying the various fruits, deciding ultimately to put the orange melon and a stem of banana's into my cart. I felt my arm as I pulled back to push my cart hit someone, and when I'd turned to say sorry, it'd been you only it hadn't been an accident that you were standing behind me. I watched as you struggled with words, something I thought I would never see. "Jacob? What are you doing here in Forks?" "I wanted to see you again." You ran your fingers through your short inky hair, before sighing. "I was thinking about what happened in my office and I wanted to see if you were okay." "Yeah, I'm fine." Your eyes lingered on my neck a second too long, and you moved to brush the hair off my neck. The marks you'd left had already started to fade, but I saw the look of horror cross your face. "Jake, it's okay. I don't regret anything that happened." "You don't?" I shook my head, before shyly admitting from underneath my lashes that I'd liked it. At that, you sent a cocky smirk my way. "I can't stop thinking about how it felt to be inside you, Bella." I closed my eyes, letting your words wash over me. You'd tugged at my lip with your thumb, and reached to hold my jaw in your hand. "Me either." You had took me in your car after you'd driven miles away from the market, parking in a secluded underbrush of the forest. This time when you held me down, the thought that you could do anything you wanted to me brushed my mind. Even if I didn't consent, there would be no one else to stop you. I think you realized it too and drove into me harder, the hold you had on my left thigh so tight it bordered on painful. "Please, Jake!" You'd pinched my clit between your fingers, before rubbing away the sting. I came and this time, you'd guided your cock into my mouth to finish you off. I hadn't protested though I'd never done this to anyone else. You kissed me afterward, not at all disgusted by the taste of us, instead you'd commented on how you just couldn't control yourself to stay away from me. I remember smiling in the backseat, watching as you soothed the pain in my thigh with soft strokes of your palm, kissing my knee. You'd hooked my thighs around your shoulders then and returned the favor. You drove me home, and even carried my groceries into the kitchen. I felt no fear letting you into my house, but instead thought that you looked like you belonged. I wasn't bothered when you started putting my food away, and trusted you wholeheartedly when I told you I needed to go to the bathroom. You nodded, and minutes later as I sat on the ledge of the bathtub, I heard you shuffle your way in. You had pulled my shirt over my head, and caressed the red marks that came into view after I unhooked the clasps of my bra. I stood, stepping into the hot bath water, the soapy bubbles clinging to my skin. "Would you say yes if I asked you out on a date?" I surprised you by laughing, and though you felt uneasy by my reaction, you let me finish before you presumed what my laughter meant. "You ask me that now?" "I had to see if you were worth it." Your joke sent me reeling with giggles, and soon you couldn't even resist cracking a smile. As I laughed, my chest shook, and my breasts jiggled. A nipple caught your attention, and you pulled it before leaning down to take it into your mouth. I had said yes and no more than a week later, you stood on my porch holding a bouquet of red roses. I'd never thought you were a flowers kind of guy and when I asked, you shrugged, "I couldn't think of anything else." We'd left shortly after I found an empty vase, and though I warned you to keep this date casual, I wasn't expecting the restaurant to be so extravagant. You had had to drive for more than an hour to Port Angeles and while in the car I craved your touch the entire time. I tried to fool around with you, even reaching to fondle your cock through your jeans as you maneuvered through traffic with your hands on the steering wheel. You'd thrust upward shallowly into my grip, breathing heavily. "You better be ready to finish what you started." I'd gulped but inside you'd turned me into a puddle of goo. I took you into my mouth, and you groaned aloud as you drove. "You like sucking my cock, baby?" I moaned around you then, and felt my panties dampen as I listened to you talk dirty