A/N: Hey guys! I wanted to share this story that I've been working on for roughly the past week. It started out with a seed, and then bloomed into this. I warn you, this story is perverse. Wrong. Dark. And is only to be read by mature audiences. I'm anticipating this story will have more parts, but I think it stands well enough by itself too. WARNING: This story includes RAPE. I am not in any way glorifying it, or condoning it. It is just a part of this story. There will also be violence, and graphic imagery. That being said, read at your own risk. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Note: Unbeta'd so all mistakes are my own. "Joyride (Omen)" Bella heard him coming down the steps. Her breath caught in her throat at the sound of the wood giving underneath his boots, the planks creaking as he took one by one down until he stood over her. His face was steady in the darkness. "You gonna be a good girl, now?" She nodded, looking up at him. His flannel was dirty, the sleeves rolled up to his forearms. There was blood on his wife beater, right where she'd taken the knife, and tried to dig it deep. The blade had only grazed his skin, leaving a gash that meant she'd lost. "Come on," he called to her, his blonde hair catching in his eyes. They both ignored the body that laid beside her, barely breathing. She came up on her knees, and took his outstretched hand, feeling his warning in the way his fingers tightened around hers. He only had so much patience, and she'd gone until he'd had none left. Her trying to hurt him had drained it all away. Her cheek still burned raw from the viscous slap he'd dealt her, and her scalp rang with hurt from where he'd pulled her by her hair over an hour ago. He'd dragged her down to the wretched cellar, the one where he kept Jake beaten and otherwise unconscious most days. She'd watched as he had gone back up the steps, and had listened to the padlock closing in on them. She still didn't know how her body had managed to produce any more tears at that point. It'd seemed the skin underneath her eyes was always tight and wet from her crying. Her eyes were dry now, and she watched blankly as he motioned for her to come close to him. He sat on the couch now, and picked up a book that sat on the cushion beside to him. She knew what he wanted her to do, and swallowing her reluctance, she went and sat on his lap. He was hard underneath her bottom, and she shivered at the thought that the only things separating his cock from pushing up into her pussy were his hard jeans, and her thin panties. He only ever allowed her to wear them and her sheer camisole. The material was so thin, she was sure he could see the ghost of her nipples. His fingers stroked her now through her panties, his thumb circling and dragging across her clit. Swallowing shame, she realized that the material was damp against their skin. She took the book from his other hand wordlessly, and began to read. "Bella cries when I take her. She cries, but I keep thrusting. I keep fucking her, and though she acts like she doesn't want me, I know she does. When I pull back, her pussy is always so wet and glistening. Bella's got the prettiest pussy I've ever seen. So pink, and lush. She cries even harder when I use my tongue instead of my cock. "Jasper, please-" "Keep reading," she knew by how deep his voice had gotten that he close. He took her hand, and pressed it against his erection, and quickly made due to unzip himself from his jeans. She felt the head of his cock graze her palm, the tip wet and leaking precum. "I love it when she struggles, when I have to hold her down to take what I want. But sometimes she's a good girl who opens her legs when I tell her to. Sometimes she wants it just as much as I do, though she says she doesn't." She felt his chest against her back then, and his fingers pushing her panties to the side. The head of his cock pressed against her opening, and as she read, he pushed inside bare. He thrust upward, his hand coming around from the back to take hold of her throat. Her words were silenced, and his journal fell to the floor. She tried to claw at his grip, to loosen it from around her neck only to have to him hold on tighter. Her strength was no match for his, not when he made her beg for her meals, her wrists thin and showing bone. "Come, and I'll let go. Come on my cock, Bella, and I'll let you breathe again." She cried, and reached down to touch her clit. She knew she had to hurry, and tried her best to concentrate on the tightening that grew in her lower belly. Come. Come. Feeling her gush, he nuzzled his face against her neck before whispering, "That's it, that's it, darling." She felt the burning in her lungs, and felt her vision closing in on her. It was only when his other hand moved over hers that she finally began to feel herself clench around him. Jasper loosened his grip from around her neck, and continued thrusting. She could feel his smirk against her hair, and tried her hardest not to let him hear her sniffle. She wanted to get away, to be anywhere but in his lap being impaled repeatedly by his hard cock. But she knew he liked to drag it out, that he only got off when she milked him, leaving her honey dripping all over his skin. His hand came up once more, and this time, he didn't have to ask her to come. Her sensitive nerves let her come another two times before he finally gave in, and buried his face into her hair, spurting his seed deep inside her. Coming down, he stroked his hands over her supple shoulders before pulling her to lay back against him. He stayed inside her, and rubbed her thighs where goosebumps had begun to rise on her bare skin. "I'm cold, Jasper." She hated sounding so weak, so small and pathetic, but what else could she do? What else could she be but the victim depending on her captor? "Shh, baby. I've got you." He reached to tug the afghan off of the top of the couch, and draped it over them, tucking in the corners where they laid open. She could smell the sweat on his hair where she rested her face in the crook of his neck, but she didn't recoil from the scent as she first had. His smell was all over her now, there was no escaping it. Instead, she imagined that she was somewhere else, anywhere else if it meant that he wasn't there. He continued to stroke her skin, and she pretended that it wasn't Jasper at all who was touching her, but that it was Jake. Jake who was stuck in the cellar fighting for his life, while she bargained for hers using her body. He wasn't suppose to be here. Jasper hadn't meant to take anyone but her that night. But he was a witness, and witnesses were dangerous. She thought of Jacob's face crusted over with blood, his left eye sealed shut from where Jasper had drawn his arm back and struck with his fist. How his lip had been split, and was slowly oozing pus from being infected. His wrists raw and splitting from the ropes. She felt her heart hurt inside. It was all her fault he was down there. No matter how much or how hard she'd begged Jasper to let him go, he'd refused, taking to beating Jake each time she'd asked. She had learned to ignore Jake. To act as if he didn't exist if only for his safety. But inside, she loved him. She hoped he knew, that he could forgive her if they ever got out of this place. "Let's wash up." Jasper pulled out from inside her, and Bella was empty again. She walked with shaky legs beside him as he guided her to the shower upstairs. When she made a move to strip off her panties, Jasper stuck his fingers inside the cleft of her thighs, leaving her to clutch at the counter-top from the shock of his invasion. "Such a good girl. Such a wet girl. Wet for me, right?" "Yes, Jasper." She felt like losing her insides all over his sink. He plunged his fingers even deeper, his knuckles coming up to her brush her lips. She whimpered when he began to jerk his fingers inside her almost to the point of pain, curling them until there was nothing else to be felt but the ridges of his bones. When he pulled them out, she knew better than to move her hands from where they were braced on the counter top, for he pushed his fingers inside her puckered hole next, sparing her no mercy from his touch. Her backside burned, and when she attempted to twist her hips away, his hand came down on her skin. He didn't relent until she began to beg. "It hurts, oh it hurts. Please, please stop." Tears ran down her face and into the drain of the sink. His fingers paused inside her, and he groaned before slipping them out. "You know what it does to me when you plead like that." He pressed his clothed erection against her once more before he pulled away. "In," he jerked his head in the mirror towards the tub, and she scrambled to get in and turn on the water. He followed, and stripped off his clothes until he stood before her, naked. His cock bounced as he walked, and she watched with frightful eyes as the head of it jerked off his stomach. The gash on his abdomen looked raw, and for the first time since she'd picked up the blade in the kitchen and struck him, she felt the urge to apologize. The need both enraged and confused her . Stupid girl. "On your knees," he said, turning his back to stop the water from raining down on her face. Pantie-less, with the camisole sticking to her breasts with water, she felt vulnerable. He grabbed hold of one her nipples and tugged until it had felt like he'd torn it completely from her body. Only when she had tears in her eyes, and her lip trembled did he guide her forward. Bella tried to take him deep enough into her mouth without gagging. She breathed through her nose, and closed her eyes, willing her body to obey her mind. But it seemed tonight, he wasn't going to let her be in control. He was going to humiliate her. He jerked his hips forward, his cock brushing the back of her throat. He chuckled as she gagged around him, her hands coming up to push his hips back and away. He took hold of her hair, and set on with his relentless jerks, increasing the pace until it seemed her entire body was a ball of anxiety, and desperation. He wiped the moisture from underneath her eyes, and slowed down long enough to make it possible for her to continue to lick, to find some sort of semblance in the chaos of his possession. It was only a moment after watching her swirl her tongue along the head of his shaft that he lost it, and came on her neck in hot spurts. She couldn't meet his eyes. Not on her own. His