A/N: I was just bouncing ideas off of one another about what I wanted to write about one night. I wrote the first couple of paragraphs and they mapped out everything else. This is what I came up with. I hope you appreciate my efforts. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. "A mental stain can neither be blotted out by the passage of time nor washed away by any waters." - Cicero She shouldn't be feeling this way. It was forbidden, if anything dangerous. Not only was she risking her self being but those around her. She didn't want to care, but she did. That would be her weakness in the end. She was living in a body she couldn't control. It had a mind of it's own and mocked it her in her triumph. Why did the only guy she was ever so desperately attracted to had to be someone she was supposed to hate? Someone she couldn't hate? Even as much as she tried. After all he had almost killed her. He watched her, his eyes dancing in their sockets. He knew. He could see it in her eyes. The thing that made it worse was that he felt the same, and was out to destroy the both of them. He would be putting their lives on the line, but he wanted this, needed this. And he would have it. There was no stopping him, only her half-hearted threats. She didn't mean them but knew she should have. This was wrong, inexcusable. A cat playing with a mouse. Only he wanted more than just the kill. "Jasper," Alice had called, he turned reluctantly. Bella relaxed into Edwards shoulder, and looked up to see that he had been oblivious to everything that had just happened. The way he looked at her, his posture almost savage. She sighed, troubled. She hated feeling this way, lost. She couldn't tell anyone, even if she wanted to. Ever since her birthday party, when her finger had slipped on the wrapping paper, and oozed blood, things hadn't been the same. When he leaped at her, she almost wanted him to land on her. Sink his teeth into her bowed neck, and feel the thrill knowing no one could do anything about it. Not even Edward, as he would watch, frozen in time. To feel her life slip away as he drank, the thoughts were infectious. They kept eating at her, she shouldn't want them to happen. Shouldn't let herself even imagine them happening. But she couldn't stop herself, her fantasies dark. She nuzzled her face into Edwards neck and he reached down to stroke her hair softly. "What are you thinking?" His voice made her feel as if she was falling. Her stomach turned, she was guilty. Why couldn't she just tell him? Why did she even have the nerve to let herself in his arms? She didn't deserve him, didn't deserve to know he would do anything for her. That she was his star in the sky, to know that he loved her. "I want to go home," she admitted, her eyes wet against his marble skin. He was alarmed as he felt the change of her emotions, her hands tightening around his neck. "I don't feel very well," she didn't mean to lie, even if it didn't seem like much of a lie to her. She didn't feel well, her mind feeling as if it had taken a bruising just by stepping into the Cullen household. But she felt as if she had hurt him when she had said this, for when she looked up he looked like he was in physical pain. His cool hand went to her forehead, and his other held her warm cheek in his hand. "Oh, Bella. Why didn't you tell me sooner? I would have taken you home" His eyes were liquid butterscotch, melting as if he had tears in his eyes. Though, she would never know, he couldn't cry. But she could imagine what he was feeling. Only she felt worse. He listened as Edward gathered her up his arms, too tired to argue Bella allowed him to get away with it, as he continued to scold her. "Isabella Marie Swan, when you get home you're going straight to bed. I don't want to hear it," he told her sternly, still sounding as concerned as he did when she first admitted how she felt. "Edward, it's not like the-," she sighed, all of sudden feeling sleepy. He opened the door to his Volvo, and gently placed her in the front seat. He made sure that her seat belt was secure, and watched as her eyes started to droop. She was adorable, a small pout on her lips. He kissed her forehead, his lips lingering, unaware to the eyes watching him from above. He was too absorbed in his angel. Jasper made sure not to think of anything remotely detectable, simply thinking of war, it was all Edward had heard before any of this started. Nothing went bump in the night in his mind. He was wrapped up in the beauty of the one he loved, nothing and no one mattered more than her . Only if he knew I felt the same. His thoughts revolved around her. Her presence, her scent, her warmth. It made his mouth water just to think of her, imagine her soft skin that would tear..oh so easily. The night of her birthday had changed everything, changed the way he thought and even the man he was. He hadn't felt this way before the incident but it was all clear now. His eyes had been opened, revealed to the possibilities, a whole new life. Being a vampire wasn't all it was cracked up to be, you lived to be forever, but what happens when forever starts to become painful? Intolerable, simply unbearable? I guess you can see why all are portrayed as brooding but, humans couldn't even handle there simple reality. Try to imagine never being able to die. What happens when life leaves you lifeless? When even the same routine almost kills? He couldn't even face Alice anymore, always feeling hollow inside. Even if he could feel the emotions around him, he himself didn't feel any. To know everyone else did feel, and could feel, even in this life, made him feel like something was wrong with him. Like he didn't belong. In fact, being he didn't. He still thirsted for human blood as much as he did years and years ago, but he could still control himself. Or he did up until the thirteenth of September. He had thought he could prove it them, to himself but he didn't. He almost relapsed. Almost broke everything he had worked so hard for, but he couldn't find himself to give a care in the world. All he cared about what that Bella made him feel alive. But he couldn't have her, claim her, call her his. She wasn't. She was Edwards. They were mates, as he and Alice were, but he could tell she was curious. He had felt her emotions when they had all been sitting, the day after, in the living room. Carlisle wanted a family meeting, and Edward was restrained by Emmett for the most of it. He could hear Jasper's untamed thoughts, but Jasper didn't care enough to conceal them, much less control them. He couldn't, it was all he could think about. He had sat there, his body nearly halfway of the sofa cushion, his eyes glazed over as he stared at her. She had squirmed in her seat, her hand tightly laced, as Edward held it in his lap. His marble fingers were cold stone, numbing the tension in her arm. She tried to look forward and focus on what Carlisle was saying but she could see him out the corner of her eye. Watching. "Edward, it wasn't anyone fault that it happened. Jasper lost his control but do you see him attacking her at this moment?" She had never seen Edward look as murderous as he did, glaring at his father. He didn't argue, instead stayed deathly silent. He was listening. He saw blood, and more blood. The carpet soaked, a trail dripping down porcelain...crimson on teeth. He had stood so fast, Bella almost didn't notice her arm was back at her side. His eyes were a piercing black and in this moment he looked like a real predator, the hunter. "Stop! I can't take it anymore," he yelled in agony, as he dropped to his knees in front of her. He buried his face in her lap, his hand holding the sides of her thighs. He dry sobbed and Bella couldn't believe what she was seeing. Never had he been in this much pain, never as much let her know he was capable of feeling this hurt. And it was all for her. He would die a thousand deaths before he would ever wish for anything that he had just witnessed happen to her. It broke her heart in two and she found herself pulling him up only to cradle his face on her chest. She looked to Jasper and found him grinning. His expression was torture. Even in beauty, he face had never looked so evil. His lips, soft pink, were stretched out over his incisors of teeth that could kill. His cheeks, translucent; almost see through, were lifted with his grin. His eyes were a pool of darkness, hypnotising her to look no where else. She could only look at him, only see him. "Jasper, stop it. Don't do this," they both heard Alice distantly plead. She sounded as if she was choking on her own words, they wouldn't come out of her mouth. He didn't listen, only stuck out his tongue and licked his lips as if he could taste her blood. The blood that coursed through her veins in this very moment, the blood he could see pulse against her skin, the metallic fire he wanted a taste of. One bite couldn't hurt. He watched as the silver car drove out of sight, the rain just starting to pour. Small droplets ran down the glass window, some slow some fast, his eyes never leaving them. Ever so focused, he almost didn't notice another presence in the room. But he did. He looked down, acting as if he was skimming one of his books, slowly with two fingers in interest. He knew this wouldn't entirely work but it was better than looking even more suspicious. Alice was tentative about coming inside the room, even though it wasn't as she couldn't. It was his study, yes, but she was his mate. Or so she had felt right about calling herself that before that night. Nothing felt the same. He didn't feel the same. It had hurt her more than words could describe. Even if he hadn't come out right and told her, she could sense it. She could see their pitiful future, filled with nothing but holes of what they once were. Their future was broken, missing fragments. Pieces of the puzzle lost, once a picture now a flammable mess. She didn't know who he was anymore. She had seen him in the hungriest of days, saw in her mind what he capable of doing, but never had she thought he would hurt them this way. He wanted to kill her. Tear her apart with his bare hands, bury his face in her flesh like a lion. A merciless lion eating the defenseless lamb. But that wasn't all of what he wanted. It wasn't just the thirst, it was lust. He wanted to claim in the most obscene ways, his sick demented mind was just dreaming of it. The way he would possess her, mark her in the way one should. She would scream as he bruised her body, break into her opening. He wouldn't stop, not even at how loud she