In which Bella is a fake, Isabella is a stupid genius with no social grace, Jessica is a lie and children of government workers roll in the dough. When told to describe herself Isabella Swan would most likely squeak timidly, blush profusely and attempt to make herself as small as possible before stuttering out a response. Outwardly, of course. In her mind however, she would grace them with a small smile and tell them of her average lifestyle. She was 'Bella' daughter to divorced couple Charlie and Renee. Her father an underpaid police officer, her mother a scatter brained woman with a knack for destroying technology. She was quietly pretty but without charisma, her grades while above average weren't outstanding. She was graceless and often spacey with brown hair and eyes, tall but not in the way of the models. Thin without the desirable curves and couldn't for the life of her stop her face from turning into a strawberry. She liked classical romance books and a range of music without the skill to compose or even play her own. But, the truth was, within her own mind sat a girl, her twin in likeness who wasn't anything like plain stuttering 'Bella.' This girl was calm and collected and never blushed. She was insanely intelligent with the curiosity of an ever talked about dead cat, a thousand conspiracy theories swirling about in a chaotically organised mind. This girl didn't care for the thoughts of others or her lack of social skills and friends. This girl longed to devour books on war tactics and inhumane psychology experiments and not give a damn if people tutted in her direction for her horrible interest in said books. This girl cared not for the ways of the world and stood both above and below humanity and society as it was, with her need to simply know. And although 'Bella' and this girl shared clone like looks, they were different. The limp hair 'Bella' sported was in mussed state on the girl, it being tousled around her in a mixture of curls and straight strands, her brown eyes alight with manic glee and knowledge as if half living in a book still. This girl was Isabella, the girl society would reject even more so than 'Bella.' And so Isabella never came out, she lay slumbering behind the carefully constructed mask of fourteen year old "Bella.' Sometimes Bella could feel her real self poke her metaphorical head out and she would blink and suddenly she was standing with books piling up around her before berating herself on letting her mask slip. Was it so bad that Bella wanted to make her mother happy rather than have to worry about her odd child? Not at all. Which was why Bella was created, to hide the oddity that was Isabella. And then suddenly there came a day where that carefully constructed mask smashed only to be replaced by an even better mask that gave room for Isabella to be free. The terrible mask named Jessica. Things completely changed when Phil became apart of their little broken family, her mother relied less on her and gushed over her latest find. What was different about this one? She kept on gushing and simply didn't stop. Renee had always been a romantic, she believed in whirl wind romances that lasted a week. The problem with Renee was she was too passionate. She burned too brightly and the flames danced so quickly they were just as quickly snubbed out which was why Isabella used to run back and forth between two adults playing messenger pigeon. This time it seemed she played it a little more cool and before she knew it Renee and Phil were reaching three months and Isabella was finally meeting him. Small cakes and tea cups lined the coffee table as she sat opposite to Renee and her boyfriend. Isabella wanted to frown over the small but significant gesture that was her mother choosing to sit opposite her next to her Phil but Bella would never make something over the obvious preference. "So Bella, how old are you?" Phil asked genuinely curious. Mentally Isabella applauded her mother on finding a nice guy before her eyes narrowed on him and spewed out questions about any previous criminal history and substance abuse. Outwardly Bella just gave a shy smile before mumbling a quiet 'fourteen sir.' "Aw no need to call me that Bella, just Phil will do." He said with a jovial laugh. Her mother then decided it was time to resume gushing. "Bella, did you know Phil plays baseball?" Isabella let her long hair fall along her face to conceal an annoyed groan. She watched as the two seemed to distance themselves from her, lost in each other eyes and laughs. They didn't do it on purpose, they were nice people but Isabella always felt unattached to the world around her. Perhaps it was because she was tossed about as a child never staying with one set of company too long between her parents and then grew to be unattached. She had not known true friendship or friendship in general really. People didn't like Bella and much less Isabella who was always thought as weird when they were younger before she was locked away. Almost no family bond existed for her, she was an only child and her mother was constantly on the look out for better company than her quite daughter where as her socially awkward father could barely look at her without seeing her mother. He was nice and always eager to see her but she noticed the flash of pain in his eyes when 'Bella' would do something reminiscent of her mother. Subconsciously, it seemed, she was distancing herself from any significant relationship and it was working out well. She couldn't say she longed for anything other than what she had now simply because it was all she had known. Even looking at others with their close bonds she couldn't say wanted it, she just didn't know what the appeal of it all was. Maybe it was because she knew she would never get such a thing that she was content with what she had and even when being protective of her little family she felt as if a wall separated them, like it was all an act, another chore for her, much like school. She wondered often if she was really a sociopath in denial but then her mother would do something small that would spark up something in her, something she would like to call endearment and knew she simply wasn't one. Watching her future father-in-law coddle Renee made her feel almost without a purpose. Her whole life it was her job to make sure Renee paid the bills on time or ate or slept the right amount of hours and now she knew, she wasn't needed for that anymore. A little lost Isabella mentally shrugged before stream lining the possibilities of different ways her life could go now. Standing up Bella muttered a quick excuse. She needed to be away for awhile. She needed to be herself. "I think we're out of milk, why don't I go buy some more." It was flimsy and Isabella knew it but the two adult accepted easy enough, Phil looking sheepish and apologetic for practically ignoring her but she just kept walking not really understanding his remorse or guilt, it was normal for everyone to forget her. Not that Isabella cared because honestly...she just didn't, another thing to add to her signs of psychopathy. Walking down the streets of the quiet neighborhood she reached into her pockets to pull out a broken wrist watch that belonged to her when she was a child. Her face which was previously blank morphed into a manic grin. She had studied watch work before but she had never got the chance to broach practical work. It was amazing the things that could be learned from books, she herself had many skills because of her constant need for knowledge. Unfortunately, Isabella for all her intelligence was clueless on emotion and human behavior other than what was a clinical sense of the definition and so she was unaware that what she did was not normal for a child her age. She lacked common sense and knowledge but made up for it in her genius. Isabella could understand advanced physics and chemistry but didn't understand the need for friends. She could almost fluently speak French and German solely from daytime TV but couldn't comprehend putting away money in bank when people had mattresses. She could tell you all the signs of post traumatic stress but couldn't understand why no one believed in aliens. Turning left into a small park Isabella made a cosey cubby out of the bottom of a plastic slide and burrowed her body into the playground object so as to protect herself from the wind. Inspecting the cheap pink watch she turned it around in her hands a bit before once again reaching into her pockets to to pull out a small array of tools. Picking a small hooked piece of metal she set out to pry the face off the watch. Isabella sat there for hours simply working out the ins and out of the watch, trying to place her theoretical knowledge into practice. It wasn't before long that a tiny head appeared above her upside down. "Whatcha doin'?" The small girl asked drawing out her question in the way only a young child would. Isabella took in the small girls form. She was around five or six with the typical blonde hair, blue eyes beauty going for her. Not that she understood the concept of beauty, it was ever changing and she could never understand the definition. One moment a tall and willowy woman was beautiful and the next a baby with purple skin and no teeth was considered beautiful, it was annoying. All in all Isabella considered it to be a constant change of flux, beauty that is. "Attempting to make the worlds first non-fictional watch that doubles as a television. It appears that I may have succeeded." Isabella answered not bothering to become 'Bella' once more. The child flipped forward in an impressive display of gymnastic skills. Slowly she clapped her hands together in a show of slight awe unaware that if the child were any older she may have taken it for a show of sarcasm but Isabella was anything but in sync with the norm and so the child curtsied for her one person audience with a giggle. "You speak weird." Here Isabella frowned the tiniest bit, what was it about her that repelled people? "But I like it! I'm Annie." Annie thrust her hand into the older girls' face where it stayed for a few moments longer before it retracted slightly. "You're supposed to shake it." Annie said with a huff. Isabella understood the ceremonial greeting but couldn't understand the need for it. It wasn't as if a simple handshake bonded people or even stopped people from breaking their deals but seeing the disgruntled expression on her companies face she gently but firmly gave it a shake with a half grin on her face. "So a watch-tv...a vision-watch or a watch-vision. How about a tele-watch?" The girl suggested with a happy smile. "What do you think crazy lady?" Isabella didn't comment on the girls nickname for her, she herself questioned her sanity at times, it was logical to assume others did as well. "I think that you may name it if you wish." Through brown eyes she watched as Annie beamed happily at her, something inside her shifting the smallest bit, calling her to do something, she did not know but she mentally shoved it aside to further examine at a later date. "I like tele-watch!" Annie squealed out but slowed to stare at the older girl and causing Isabella to cock her head to