Imogen Katlyn Granger Minerva McGonagall stormed her way through the castle absolutely incensed about her latest Muggleborn visit, she hadn't told her colleagues on who she was going to visit, as she wanted to meet the child first and then share, but she hadn't expected what she had found and thus was infuriated with anger at the child's family. The staff room door flew open in her rage and slammed closed behind her, Minerva's magic was crackling angrily around her. "Stiff Drink, Po." Minerva said to Pomona Sprout, head teacher of Hufflepuff and Mistress of Herbology. Pomona didn't waste any time, instead gave her friend, and colleague her own refilled tumbler of Whiskey. Pomona exchanged raised eyebrow looks with the rest of the staff, including the Headmaster and discreetly smiled as the most severe person in the room, placed a vial of calming potion on the table at Minerva's place of sitting. Minerva swallowed the drink down in one mouthful and refilled it with a flick of her wand, swallowing that done once more as well, before sitting down in her seat, fingering the calming draught in her hands. Without a word from her colleagues, Minerva swallowed the vial down before sitting back and closing her eyes, she needed a minute. Taking a deep breath Minerva opened her eyes and began to recount her morning, surprisingly at the Granger Residents. "Imogen Kaitlyn Granger." Minerva said pausing as her colleagues around her murmured surprised; 'There's another one?' Minerva nodded to the murmured question. "Oh yes, there is another one, although Imogen is vastly different from Hermione, so much so that their parents treat them very differently. While Anna and Daniel Granger talk to Hermione, they speak down to Imogen. Hermione unfortunately follows her parents in this area as well. Minerva continued with her story as she recounted the events in her head. ' Minerva was mostly excited to meet Imogen, she had no idea that there was another Granger Daughter, her meeting with Hermione last year was now a little confusing because she hadn't seen the younger girl and nothing was mentioned about her. Frowning slightly at the thought, Minerva went ahead anyway and knocked on the cream coloured front door of the Granger Residents, a letter clutched in her hand. The door opened to Anna Granger. "Oh, Hello Professor McGonagall, what a pleasant surprise, please come in." " Thank you, Mrs Granger. I am here to speak to Imogen, I have a very special letter for her." Minerva smiled but instantly noticed the change in Mrs Granger. " Oh. Yes, right. Well come this way, I'll show you to Imogen." Mrs Granger said with a stiff tone. Frowning Minerva followed silently, coming across Hermione along the way. " Hello Professor McGonagall!" Hermione Granger said excitedly as she spotted her Head of House inside her muggle home. " Hello, Miss Granger; How are you?" Minerva asked politely. " Oh, I'm good. Yourself Professor?" Hermione said standing in the kitchen with her father. " Very Well, thank you, I am actually here to give your sister the very same letter that you received last year." Minerva said. Again, there was a change in the air around her, as though she had spoken of something forbidden. Daniel Granger narrowed his eyes and yelled out for Imogen at the top of his lungs, before hugging Hermione and his wife to him. Minerva pursed her lips, withholding herself from voicing her thoughts, waiting for Imogen to make an appearance. A girl a tad shorter then Hermione came through the door, leading to another room, her hair was a darker brown then Hermione's although instead of it being out, wild and looking unkept, Imogen kept her hair tied back away from her face, she had a Rose Ringed Parakeet on her right shoulder. Imogen had the face and appearance of an 11-year-old child, still very much an innocent, Minerva smiled at the young girl. " Well, Hello Miss Granger, I am Professor McGonagall from Hogwarts, the very school that your sister attends, I am here today to give you this…" Minerva said as she handed over the thick cream envelope to the younger girl. Imogen with shaking hands took the envelope and tore it open quickly as she scanned the letter. " I knew it." The girl whispered and then grinned at Minerva. "Thank you, Professor!" " You're very welcome my dear..." Daniel Granger quite rudely interrupted Minerva as she was about to ask Imogen what sort of magic she had performed. " Will this affect our Hermione's learning?" Daniel almost demanded. Anna spoke up before Minerva could get a word in. "Imogen isn't well… intelligent, not like our Hermione." Minerva was shocked to see Hermione outright glaring at her sister as though Imogen had stolen her lime light. " Miss Granger you will stop glaring at your sister this very instant or you can look forward to a week's detention when school returns! You know full well that there are students who attend Hogwarts who are practical learners! It matters not of her level of intelligence; both your children have magical cores. Hermione is very diligent with her school work, So I quite frankly fail to see how her younger sister being magical would have any effect on her school work what so ever. This child will attend Hogwarts and if you try to stop her, I will come back with child protection services from the Ministry of Magic." Daniel stepped forward, red faced in anger. "Are you threatening us?!" he demanded. Hermione was watching all of this in shock. " It's a Promise Mr Granger! Ever since I stepped into this house and mentioned Imogen, Yourself and your wife have been almost cold towards myself and the child, screaming her name out like common filth, instead of speaking to her like a normal parent would. It's very clear that you cherish Hermione over Imogen and quite frankly I am worried for the girl's safety." " We have never abused our children!" Anna stepped forward with her husband, angry at the accusation. " Physically perhaps not! But mentally, emotionally? Can you still deny that?!" Anna stopped short, placing her hand upon her husband's arm, effectively stopping him from speaking. " No, we can't." she said softly while her husband glared out the window looking away from them all. " Hermione was our planned child. Our prodigy, our pride and joy, so smart, so willingly to learn." Daniel said as he gazed out the window. Daniel looked back at McGonagall, his eyes almost unreadable with tears in them. "Then along came Imogen, with the death of my brother and sister in law unable to cope being a single parent. We adopted her, but she's different, never tries, claims she doesn't understand her school work. Nothing like our Hermione, our planned child." Minerva narrowed her eyes and looked at Imogen who was petting the bird on her shoulder with slightly shaking hands, looking away from them all. " So effectively in your eyes, Imogen is a mistake that you were burdened with and are unhappy with the result despite all your efforts?" Minerva asked icily. Hermione looked nervous, no longer smiling at the praise she heard as her father spoke. Daniel hearing the edge to Minerva's voice didn't back down, back quickly wiped his eyes. "Effectively yes. Imogen can go to Hogwarts. Hermione, you must keep up your grades though, don't let this effect you." Hermione frowned and hugged her father. "It won't daddy, I promise. Besides we'll be in different years and probably in different houses." Minerva was angry but she swallowed it done for later, later she could show it, but right now, she had a young girl to take to Diagon Alley for the first time to collect her things. "Imogen is back with her ungrateful family, she has an owl and knows that if anything is wrong between now and the start of term she can owl me." Minerva finished off. Headmaster Dumbledore smiled at the news, "Well that's wonderful Minerva." Minerva smiled slightly and nodded her head, waiting for the Headmaster to leave so she could invite the Pomona, Severus and Filius to her rooms as she had something she needed to discuss. It was over an hour later before they got to leave, with a meaningful glance at them all and subtle nods back, Minerva quickly made her way to her rooms. "Tippy!" Called Minerva as she bustled around her loungeroom tiding up and putting things away. "Mistress called Tippy!" Tippy the House elf replied as she popped into the rooms wearing a purple toga. "Yes, Tippy, can you please bring up a plate of biscuits and tea. I am having 3 guests." Minerva explained as she turned and spoke to her personal House Elf. "Tippy can be doing that, right away Mistress." Tippy exclaimed happily as she popped away. Just as Minerva spelled her loungeroom with an air refreshing spell did Pomona come through the floo followed by Severus and then Filius. Tippy promptly popped back and placed the large silver tray in the middle of the coffee table before discreetly popping back out. Seated Minerva started with the teas as Pomona handed out the biscuits, forcing Severus to have at least 5 before moving on. Filius the smallest but oldest wizard out of all of them, sat quietly in his seat before demanding to know what was going on. "Well… Woman come on get on with it." He said with a joking tone, always eager to hear gossip. "I must ask you all to take a wand oath and keep this information only among ourselves." Minerva said cautiously. Pomona raised an eyebrow but was too much of a gossip to turn this opportunity down, quickly she spoke her oath before everyone else, earning an eyeroll from her colleagues. Severus spoke up as the other two were eagerly waiting for Minerva to spill the beans as they say. "Minerva, you are stalling." He said snapping Minerva out of her private thoughts. "Well, you know how long it can take sometimes for the wand to choose the wizard as Ollivandar likes to say. Imogen Granger was given a very rare wand, so rare that Ollivandar didn't think he would ever sell it, this wand had been made from his Great, great, great, Grandfather and had been unmatched ever since." Severus stared at his old Professor turned colleague. "You didn't look Albus in the eyes the entire meeting, you used the anger as a cover, the lioness has some Cunning in her after all." He smirked. Minerva wanted to be angry at the Slytherin remark but she couldn't, not after last year, hiding the friggen Philosophers Stone in the school and testing Potter as though he was a weapon and not a bloody child, not to mention having exposed the entire school to Voldemort as he possessed the body of Quirinus Quirrell for an entire school year. Minerva had lost faith in her old friend and colleague, Albus Dumbledore. Minerva nodded sadly. "Last year was a huge joke to Albus. He used us to protect the stone, but not proper defences like they should have been if he was indeed afraid for the Stone to begin with. Then Potter was thrown into the mix, used, and tested like a weapon, don't deny it! We all saw the exact events unfold. The House Cup disaster at the end of the year. How could he give points out like that, when he has never done so before and to publicly humiliate the House of Slytherin like that, tell me that his actions didn't have a negative impact on your Students, Severus? And Quirrell, Albus knew that he was possessed, for god sakes the Wards would have told him, but he did nothing to try and save Quirrell, he just let him die." Severus glared at the carpet in front of him. The House Cup