Thief Hermione Granger prided herself on being the smartest witch of her age, she loved reading and taking tests, she loved beating everyone in her year and most of all she loved the attention and praise it got her from her parents and almost all her teachers. Hermione didn't have much power when it came to magic, she was considered mediocre at best, but she was unbeatable in the research department, which is why Hermione relied so heavily on books, without her ability to retain information so fast, she was pretty much useless, in her own opinion. It was during study hall that a book caught her eyes, the book was old, she could tell, it was small like a journal and leather bound, the leather was a maroon colour, its pages were almost a soft brown coffee colour. The only problem was that, the book wasn't hers and when looking at the owner of the book, Hermione became confused and a little self-righteous. 'What was Stephanie Moon, doing with a book like that.' she asked herself. Hermione had never liked Stephanie Moon, she was what the teachers called a slow learner and so it irritated her when Moon was always above her in Practical DADA, Moon was second to Harry and Malfoy, it angered Hermione who worked so hard that Moon had taken her place in magical defence, when the girl could barely string words together to form a sentence. The more Hermione silently fumed over Moon having an ancient looking book, the more Hermione wanted to read it, the more Hermione thought of ways on how to get the book into her possession. Looking around, Hermione noted that around her, everyone was concentrating on the books in front of them, like she should have been and blissfully unaware of what she was planning. As though the gods had heard her thoughts, Hermione was granted a perfect opportunity to summon the book into her possession quickly as Moon had gotten up and left the table to seek out Professor Sinistra. Taking the only chance Hermione knew she was going to get, she took out her wand pointed it under the table and concentrated on her magic, while focusing on what she wanted. Silently the book zoomed from its resting place into her open hands. Smiling in satisfaction, Hermione quickly charmed the book to resist an Accio spell, so it couldn't be stolen with the same spell, she had used to steal it. Feeling relieved Hermione set about making sure she still looked innocent while keeping an eye on Moon's seat. Smirking to herself while she watched Moon confusingly look for the book, that wasn't in the place she had left it, almost grinning like an idiot at the fact that her spell had worked when Moon had attempted to Accio the book back into her possession. Aware that Hermione might give herself away, she buried herself in her book while her hands greedily clutched her prize. Making excuses to her best friends about feeling tired, Hermione escaped with two warm hugs and made herself comfortable back on her dorm bed, hidden away in Gryffindor Tower. Opening the book on the first page was a warning that Hermione Granger Smartest Witch of her age, should have paid more attention too. ' Veritas est maledictio' (The Truth is a Curse) Hermione Granger's childhood had been ruined by the book as it was filled with the original stories of her childhood fairy tales, each more violent and gruesome then the last, but she couldn't stop reading them until she got to the end of the book, she needed to read the stories, she wanted to know these versions, even though they made her sick and wish that she hadn't stolen this book, Hermione could have gone the rest of her life without knowing the true stories, she fell in love the with Disney Versions who hadn't. Sleeping that night, she dreamed of the things she read, horrible nightmares where she was always the victim of the stories. Now learning that being eaten by a wolf, literally meant being raped by one. Red Riding Hood was only a child. Hermione had no idea that the book came with a curse and that her fate was just beginning. In the morning, Hermione felt sick. Something wasn't right but she passed it off to her horrible sleep, containing horrible nightmares. Her body was achy and she felt feverish, choosing her studies over her health, Hermione showered, dressed, and left the Tower for Breakfast, meeting Harry and Ron already at the table. It was Ron who first noticed Hermione's appearance. "Hermione? Are you ok, you look sick." Smiling at the fact that finally Ron was noticing her, she dismissed his concern. "Hello, Ron. No, I'm ok." Both boys asked at the same time. "Are you sure?" Smiling, she sat down and grabbed some toast. "Positive, see I have an appetite, if I wasn't feeling well, I wouldn't be able to eat." Satisfied with that answer, they continued to eat breakfast and talk. Truthfully with the toast now in Hermione's system followed by apple and water, she did feel a lot better, passing the mornings sickness off as her bad sleep. Too soon for the boys it was time for Potions, but Hermione being the Know-it-all she was, liked Potions, she liked the challenge but she hated that she could never get the approval of Professor Snape. Entering the Classroom with the boys, Hermione joined up with Ron and Harry went to Neville, Neville worked better with Harry, he had found out last year that Hermione made him more nervous than Snape for a reason that he didn't know of, but if Harry worked with him, Neville managed to complete his Potions on his own and stopped making stupid mistakes, which was why Professor Snape allowed him to continue attending Potions. Hermione tried to be happy for Neville but felt hurt that he no longer wanted her help. Working with Ron had its benefits, Ron was happy to prepare the ingredients and Hermione brewed the potion, it was easy and allowed Hermione read ahead in her potion book. "Settle Down." Commanded the Potions Master, Severus Snape. The students were rowdy in the mornings, filled with energy from breakfast, normally they would be brewing today, but the students' ingredients hadn't yet arrived, so today they would be reading a few chapters and Professor Snape would be testing their knowledge with random questions. Hermione didn't know what had happened with her bladder but suddenly, she really needed to pee, like badly. Thrusting her hand up into the air, Hermione waited for Professor Snape to look up, getting more desperate by the second. Finally! The man looked up. "Yes, Miss Granger?" Professor Snape said sounding annoyed. "Professor Sna-…" Hermione stopped abruptly, horrified as her bladder let go. Expect it wasn't just a little pee, it was like a waterfall was realised. "Hermione!" Ron jumped out of his chair in alarm, pee running off the chair and hitting the floor as though a tap had been turned on, although the smell of urine emitted from the growing puddles. Tears of humiliation sprung into Hermione's eyes as she ducked her head and let her arm fall. Professor Snape stood. It was too early in the morning to deal with this. "Everyone except Miss Granger may leave, I don't care what you do until the next bell but I expect you to attend the rest of your classes. Miss Granger, clean yourself and this mess up at once! I don't want my classroom smelling of a urinal for my next class. Dismissed." Professor Snape retreated to his office for a drink. Merlin, it was too early. The students fled, laughter falling from their mouths before they could stop it, Harry, Ron, and Neville remained behind, helpless at the fact that they didn't know what to say. Harry pulled out his wand, muttered a vanishing spell and Neville said an air refreshing charm, one that he used often to clear the air after working with stinky plants. Harry wish more than anything he could give his friend his invisibility cloak, but unfortunately, Remus Lupin was borrowing it for an Order Mission. Hermione stood, her skirt was sticking to her in an uncomfortable way and she stunk. "I need to go back to the common room." She whispered. Ron who had gotten over his shock nodded his head. "It'll be ok Hermione. Come on." Surrounding Hermione in a protective barrier the 4 Gryffindor's left the Potions Classroom, Hermione only turned once back towards the classroom and cleaned the floor with a flick of her wand. The rest of the day was pure hell for Hermione. Every class she went to the teachers all asked if she needed to use the rest room before the beginning of the lesson, mortified she shook her head no and hid behind her books, she didn't answer any questions nor did she pay attention to any of her teachers' lessons. Hermione Granger had pissed herself… Hermione Granger had pissed herself in Snape's lesson… Like wild fire the news spread around the entire school. Harry and Ron tried to block a lot of the teasing but they couldn't stop all of it. Malfoy and his friends were the worst. As they say; Tomorrow is a new day. The teasing hadn't lessoned but Hermione was a Gryffindor, she could and would live through this. Holding her head high she entered the Great Hall the next morning, Harry, Ron, Neville, and Ginny had walked in with her. Sitting down at the Gryffindor table she was pleased to see that her House mates wished her a good morning before continuing to eat breakfast. Picking up a half bagel and smothering it with Cream cheese, ham, cheese and tomato, Hermione tucked into her breakfast. Eating some fruit, Hermione felt her stomach turn abruptly, standing Hermione attempted to get her legs to move, only finding that she couldn't. Hermione couldn't move, something was holding her there. "Hermione?" Harry called out to her. Hermione turned around to speak to Harry only to Projectile Vomit over both boys and the Table. The boys jumped from the table as though they had been hit with burning acid. Ginny grabbed Hermione's arm to pull her from the Great Hall, only to be covered in vomit as well. Ginny screamed. Sympathy Vomiters gagged around the Great Hall, others running from it to the nearest bathroom. Only when Hermione had finished vomiting could she move. The Boys and Ginny had fled with almost everyone else who had left. The Headmaster stood up and cancelled the Days classes as Professor McGonagall escorted a humiliated Hermione Granger to the Hospital wing, even though she felt fine. People who had come from the bathrooms only to see Hermione Granger being escorted by Professor McGonagall dove back in, gagging once more. Madam Pomfrey would hear none of Hermione's protests that she felt perfectly normal and didn't need to stay in the Hospital wing. A few hours later a satisfied Madam Pomfrey released Hermione Granger, physically she felt fine, emotionally however, she wanted to die. Hermione wished the ground would crack open and swallow her. She wished the ceiling would fall on her head, anything, to escape the horrible embarrassment that the last two days had provided her with. Thankfully she avoided anyone as she quickly made her way to the Gryffindor Tower, whispering the password Hermione slipped in, but it wasn't unnoticed. "Hermione!" Ron called happily, coming over and giving the emotional girl a warm hug. "How are you feeling?" together they walked over to the lounge in front of the fire place, it wasn't cold enough for the fire to be lit and it was the middle of the day. Harry and Ginny were by the lounge as well. "Better. I am so sorry I… I'm Sorry." Hermione couldn't bring herself to say that she