Gandalf the Grey hurried up the steps of Rivendell, immediately heading toward the Healing Houses of Imladris. Frodo was here, and from what he heard from Aragorn, was still in the midst of healing. The guilt of leaving Frodo to the hands of the Witch-king still weighed on his mind, even though he knew the Hobbit was safely resting. Once he approached Elrond, he could see that the body the Elf was bent over did not resemble a Hobbit's. "Gandalf, I cannot express the gratitude which I feel at your coming." Elrond, Lord of Rivendell exclaimed, greatly relieved at the wizard's presence. "I came as soon as I was able." The wizard sighed. "I hear Frodo has indeed made it to your city, with help from Aragorn and your daughter? That is quite a feat." Elrond felt a slight irritation at the mention of what happened at the Ford. Before he could protest her thoughts, she was gone. Arwen had risked her life for Aragorn, a Ranger who was quite capable of handling himself. "Yes, the Ring-Bearer is here, but there is something else I have asked you here for. I believe Frodo is well enough to wait. This, however, cannot." "Elrond, I really must insist on seeing Frodo. He has gone through such a trauma. Surely, this can wait but a few moments while I make sure of his health with my own eyes?" The elf shook his head. "It demands our immediate attention." Gandalf raised an eyebrow. "Well, lead on then. Let us see what is so important." Elrond nodded once and walked over to the room next to Frodo's. It held only one bed, and two elves that were hurriedly infusing herbs into a healing balm for the patient lying in the bed. She was clearly not of this world, Elrond thought to himself, looking at her unusual garments and hair. So where did she come from? He could only hope Gandalf the Grey would know. "So, what is this mystery that needs unraveling?" Gandalf asked, not willing to waste anymore time than needed on what he viewed as a trivial matter. "This girl is the cause of my concern." He gestured to his guest who was still asleep in the bed, looking just as peaceful as she did when she appeared on their steps just outside the city boundaries. The wizard glanced at her, instantly seeing what the elf had. She did not belong. "Where did she come from?" He asked, moving swiftly so he hovered just above her head, examining every aspect he could. "We do not know. My scouts found her outside the city, laying on our steps, unconscious. She has not woken since she was first found." He explained. "She is under some spell. Whether from craft of Saruman or Sauron, I cannot tell. It is strong, but I may be able to lessen it some so she can provide some answers." He closed his eyes as he laid his hand over her face, muttering an incantation he learned long ago. After mere moments of the mutterings, he heard a gasp and opened his eyes only to meet green irises. He backed away, giving her some needed space, and watched as she fought to keep her breathing in order. Her gaze flitted from corner to corner of the room to the two males standing before her. He knew Elrond would not need to be told to keep back He was a master in the healing arts and would be able to tell the girl was trying to make sense of her surroundings. Her eyes trained on him, and glared. "Where am I?" She asked sternly, although he could tell it was a mask to hide her fear. Masks were good, it meant she could deal with fear when it came. "You are in Rivendell, under the care of Master Elrond. You were found just outside his city. Tell me, do you know how you came upon Imladris?" "Rivendell?" She asked, her voice wavering. "What do you mean?" He smiled gently at her. "My dear, you are in Middle-Earth, it is plain you do not belong to this world, so I ask how you came to appear here." She blinked several times. Comprehension suddenly dawning. "Middle-Earth?" He nodded. "Yes." "As in, elves and dwarves and men and dragons, Middle-Earth?" Again, he nodded, a slight chuckle erupting from him. "I'm in Middle-Earth." It was clear to him that her inquiry wasn't to him nor Elrond directly, but rather herself. He allowed her a few moments to herself before speaking. "You seem familiar with the name." He prodded. She nodded slowly. "You could say that…" "Do you have an idea as to how you came here? I would guess you didn't come here by choice?" He asked, wondering if she had heard of their world, then why was she behaving as if she couldn't believe it. She shook her head. "No. Believe me, this is the last thing I need right now." She muttered, swinging her legs over the bedside, attempting to stand. The wizard was relieved to see Elrond immediately come to her side, as he was still weak from his confrontation with Saruman the White. "You needn't rise just yet. Give your body some time to heal and rest while I speak with Gandalf." The man in question silently agreed. It took more energy than it should have to rouse her. It was a dark spell, one of few that had been newly created, and Gandalf had an idea of where it had come from. However, the why was escaping him. Why the girl, and why deposit her on the steps of one of the purest beings to inhabit MIddle-Earth? Gandalf was not used to being in the dark in such instances, and found no comfort in it now. The girl looked as though she were about to ignore Elrond's advice, but the Wizard halted her movements. "Lord Elrond is right. You need rest. We shall not be far." His suspicion that she was wholly against being left alone were affirmed as her shoulders sagged and she nodded to him. He gave her a reassuring smile, and gestured for Elrond to follow him out of the room. They strode near the doorway and Elrond spoke as soon as they passed the threshold. "The girl knows nothing. It is clear in her eyes." He gave the wizard a fixed look. "Why would Saruman or Sauron bring her here? What advantage does it bring them, if we are to be sure this was their doing?" "It was Saruman." Gandalf said grimly. The energy surrounding the spell was similar to that of the White Wizard's magic. There was no mistaking it. "Though I know not for what purpose." "We must know, Gandalf, and soon. The Ring has reached Rivendell, and now this human girl falls on my doorstep? That cannot be mere coincidence." "No," agreed the Wizard, "It cannot. But what do you propose we do with her? We cannot leave her to the Enemy." "She should be in your care." Elrond answered. "You would best protect her, and you know what magic ails her. Even now, you can sense it, as can I. Something is lingering in her, Gandalf, and you are the only one with sufficient knowledge of it to be of any help to her." "She cannot be in my care, Elrond. The girl appeared in your lands, perhaps you were meant to find her." He knew the elf was right, he thought to himself as his gaze turned toward the girl, whose red-orange hair was the only thing visible around the white linens that enveloped her. It was something he wasn't familiar with, being responsible for someone. He felt it was his duty as Saruman's knowledge of the Ring, and thus Sauron's by association, came from him. He was the reason Frodo was injured by the Witch-King and why Rivendell was under scrutiny. He could very well be this girl's only hope of survival. "She cannot stay in Rivendell," Elrond insisted. "And neither can the Ring for that matter." The Wizard focused his full attention on the elf. "Elf-magic could protect them both." He tried to persuade him, but knew by the furrowing of the elf's brow, that he would not be swayed. She is to be in his care, then. So be it. He sighed. "Very well. I will care for her, but she will stay in Rivendell until Frodo can get to his feet. I will not leave him behind… not again." "Very well. After Frodo is well-enough, and after the Council, you must leave with the girl." "Understood." He hoped he would not lead her the way he did Frodo. He shot a glance toward the doorway leading to the Halfling. He made a silent promise to himself to make sure the girl and Frodo were safe. She would be returned to her land, and Frodo would return to the Shire where he could remain out of harms way. Yes, that would be best... As she lay there, Anna barely held back a snort. Didn't they know she could hear them? Or did they think that because she was a "wee human" that she couldn't tell if people were talking about her? Glancing to her side, she saw an elf-maiden pouring more water into the bowl beside her bed from a silver pitcher. The she-elf gazed at her for a moment, then hurried off toward Elrond and Gandalf, who still stood in the doorway. She tried to seem like she wasn't paying any attention to them, but failed miserably when she caught the weary eye of the wizard. Anna tried to sit up, her aching body betraying her by her arms giving out, causing her to collapse in bed, only to give it another go as soon as she was able to anchor herself properly. "I take it you are not one to rest, my lady?" He inquired once he had reached her bedside again. She shook her head. "No, not really." He nodded to himself, seeming to look her over. "Of course not." he murmured to himself. He looked at her then, locking eyes with her and hardened his gaze. "After such an ordeal, one would not fault you for recovering rather than trying to get on your feet. Hold onto that, for there may come a time where you will need that strength more than anything." She blinked at him and had to remind herself to keep a straight face. Strength? She didn't have strength. Right now she had panic, worry, and a slight anger that confused her all the more. She felt foreign, although she supposed she was. She was quite sure she was dreaming until she realized that she was nowhere near this creative. Sure, everything looked as she imagined, but she still could not fathom her subconscious turning this elaborate. "If you do not mind, I am going to check on a dear friend of mine. I will not be far, he is lying in the next room in fact." "Okay." She said, not quite knowing what else to say. She already knew the "friend" was Frodo. He seemed to sense her hesitance, and smiled at her, "Would you like to join me? I am sure Master Elrond would not mind if I steal you away into the next room. You may meet Frodo, who I am sure would love the extra company." She looked to Elrond, who wore a look of disapproval on his face. Her face fell from the slight grin that was forming. She looked away, crossing her arms over her chest, resigned to staying in her bed until after the Council meeting. She knew it wouldn't end with her in Gandalf's care, since he would accompany Frodo on his journey to Mount Doom. Who would help her then? Elrond didn't seem too happy with her being here, not that she blamed