Of all the places in the last few months that things could have gone completely fucked, after everything I had spent the last few months doing, the Forks High School cafeteria was not where I was expecting it to happen. Yet here I was watching with the rest of students, united for the first time with the student body, as I watched five 'students' walk into the cafeteria. I assume that the rest of the room was watching because they were, admittedly, extremely attractive. Their facial symmetry was ridiculous. But that's not why I was staring. No, I was staring because they were also clearly not normal humans. I mean it was obvious, gold was not a normal eye color, the way they moved implied way more proprioception than anybody should have, and their skin... Honestly I wasn't quite sure, but there was something very off about their skin. Really it came down to it was that with enough exposure to this kind of thing you learn to know something 'Human Plus' pretending to be normal when you see it. These guys were actually doing okay. Not great, but okay. That still left the question of what the hell they were though. And what the hell were they doing here? I was here because Forks Washington was a tiny, out of the way town, where I didn't think anybody would look for me if anybody noticed what I was doing with things like, oh, the stock market, or a few international banks... After thinking about it for a moment I came to the conclusion that I'd just answered my own question. The five of them sauntered into the cafeteria with a sort of deliberate dismissal of everybody else, that was guaranteed to attract attention. It wasn't anything that any one of them was doing really, more like a cumulative effect of all of them. First came the biggest man I'd ever seen. He had to live in the gym, or be taking steroids, or be the result of some sort of genetic engineering project or something. That sort of ridiculously defined muscle mass didn't come about without a lot of work by somebody. His expression spoke of a sort of childish joy and gentleness that was not uncommon with very big men. He had his arm around a blond that was too perfect to be real. Her hair was spun sunlight, her eyes liquid gold, her skin ivory, her lips painted with blood. That description really said it all right there right there, I am not prone to flowery language. I prefer precision, but I really couldn't come up with better words to describe her, and given the size of my vocabulary that was saying something. Her expression was her only flaw, if you could call it that. She scanned the room with utter disdain and a glare that could boil steel. That however was a very well constructed shield. Under it judging by who her eyes lingered on and the way she snarled when she did for just a fraction of a second spoke of a defensive paranoia. Probably subconscious on her part, but she'd been hurt badly before, by a male, and now didn't trust easily if at all. Which was too bad. Under all the emotional armor she was probably a sweetie. The next rank back was another couple. He was a tall athletic blonde with, shaggy hair, and a look of extreme focus and strain on his face. Otherwise he was the only one that actually achieved the unremarkable look that was necessary for the sort of hiding I assumed that they were trying for. The only flaw, aside from whatever he was working so hard on, was just a hint of military march in his walk. Holding his hand was a tiny girl that made me think of the freaking energizer bunny. She was small, adorable and likely never stopped. Her black hair was artfully styled into utter spiky chaos, her clothes carefully chosen for maximum impact, and her sheer energy made it seem like she was dancing across the floor. After a moments further examination I blinked. It didn't just seem like she was dancing, she was actually charlstoning across the room. I couldn't help but shake my head as I turned my gaze to the last of them. Artfully tousled bed head in an impossible bronze color, his walk was a haughty stride that perfectly matched his expression. A mix of haughty superiority and 'I know something you don't know' smug. It was subtle but there, he probably thought himself irresistible and enjoyed it as much as it annoyed him. A quick glance around the cafeteria showed that, unfortunately, most of my fellow females agreed with him. Turning back to the five I realized they were headed to a table right next to mine. I blinked once and decided that I didn't really want to be anywhere near them. They were entirely blatant and I didn't want any scrutiny to fall on me, even by proximity. I quickly finished my lunch and fled as soon as I could without attracting attention. While my morning classes were delightfully 'Human Plus' free, my afternoon didn't share its luck. Right after lunch I had history with a mister Hale, who turned out to be the male blond. I really didn't like this as history was one of the few classes that I was interested in and would get anything out of, but whatever. Hopefully if I kept my head down he would ignore me with the rest of the mundane humans. I handed the slip I needed to get signed to the teacher and with a sinking feeling realized that the only seat available was right next to the struggling Mr. Hale. With a sigh I took my seat and hoped against hope that he would just ignore me if I ignored him. From the way he immediately leaned away from me for once I would get my wish. I kept up my side of the bargain by paging through the history text and pretending as hard as I could that he didn't exist. I scraped through the last few periods uneventfully, though my trig class nearly did me in. It was so boring ! Boredom is my greatest enemy, and an hour of listening to a teacher drone on about a subject I could have taught in my sleep nearly drove me insane. I'm just glad I managed to escape biology, I'd gotten a peek at the textbook and from the gossip around the school I'd heard so far they would be starting on the genetics unit soon. There was so much just wrong in that section that I probably couldn't have kept my mouth shut, which wouldn't have been good. My last period was an exercise in reluctant schadenfreude. I didn't know it was even possible to be that uncoordinated, but the other new girl proved that it was. Volley ball was almost a death sentence for her as she tripped over herself constantly, and any time the ball came anywhere near her it inevitably went for her head. Even while trying to smother my laughter I tried my best to protect her with only some success as I had to hold myself back at the same time. Still I tried which is more that any of the others laughing could say. Finally the bell rang and it was none too soon for her as one of our own team managed to beam her in the back of the head knocking her to the ground. Shaking my head a moved over to her and crouched down at her side, "Are you okay?" I asked offering her a hand. The girl needed help in the worst way. She looked at my hand then up at me and took my hand with a smile, "I'm all right. I'm used to it." "So you've always had an allergy to balls?" I pulled her to her feet offering her a smile to take any sting out of my words, "I'm Claire Muiren." I told her turning the hand up into a handshake. "Bella Swan." Her smile turned slightly fake as she waited for something. When I didn't give it to her her smile turned real again and got bigger, "Thanks." She almost whispered. I waved off her gratitude and started back towards the locker room as I talked pulling her along behind me with social niceties, "Don't mention it. We new girls gotta stick together." There was an audible pause as what I said sank in and then she scrambled to catch up with me. I winced slightly waiting for her to trip again but she didn't, "You're new too?" "Yup." I said popping the 'p'. I glanced sideways at her as we got into the locker room, "How many times have you gotten the 'how do you like Forks' question?" She snorted indelicately, "Too many times." We managed to keep up a comfortable conversation going as we changed and reported to the office to turn in our class slips, and continuing until we paused at my car, an old beat up white Volvo I'd gotten really cheap and a parking space close to the school I'd gotten by being there ridiculously early. I glance around the parking lot and the swirling sea of humanity to see the five 'Human Plus'' clustered around their own Volvo, a much newer and nicer one than mine. The single male was staring at us. I frowned and leaned one way then the other watching him to see if his focus moved with me. It didn't. My frown deepened as I turned back to Bella, "Don't look now but Mr Bed Head over there is staring at you. Really hard." She tucked long brown hair behind an ear and glanced in his direction blushing. I sighed and shook my head, "No Bella, I don't think that's a good thing." "Why not?" She almost sounded disappointed. "He's more than a little creepy." I told her gently and she sighed. "I suppose so. He was acting really strange when I sat next to him in Biology." "How so?" I was starting to get more than a little worried. The female blond made out of poetry scowled and glared in our direction before grabbing Mr. Bed Head and dragged him back towards the car. They piled in and peeled out at a speed that couldn't be safe. Bella watched them go and sighed, "I don't know. LIke I smelled or something." With them gone I felt a lot more relaxed, "Well I'd tell you you didn't but we just got out of P.E. so I'm not sure now is the best time for that sort of thing." She laughed and I grinned back waving as she made her way to her truck and I climbed into my car and headed for home. I had a whole lot to think about and not a lot to go on. The next day I made a detour before classes started to the cafeteria and managed to fit the bug that I'd spent part of the last night putting together to the underside of the table. I'd determined the night before that I didn't have enough information to really come to any conclusions. According to the internet there were no publicly acknowledged 'Human Plus''. Which is probably why they didn't have to try too hard. Even seeing all the clues nobody considered what was clearly impossible. So the first step to figuring them out was to get more information, thus the bug. With that in place I rushed to make my first class, I doubted they were that paranoid but I still didn't want anybody asking why I was late when I arrived in plenty time. It's the little things that get you in this kind of thing. I learned that the hard way. My morning classes were about