A/N: I didn't want to be that author who revised her story in the middle….but here we are. I hope you enjoy the revisions. They're all meant to make the story clearer, as well as focusing on the pairing that I had eventually chose for this story. As always, please R&R, my lovelies. P.S. Shout out for prety my first favorite and follow! Hope you're still with me! Merilwen- Rose, Peredhil- Half Elf or Halfling, Tinu- Daughter ~They haunt me when I'm asleep. They don't leave me alone when I'm awake. Tonight I will be stronger than the demons. They wait for me to fall into their land. Where they make me believe anything they say. Sleep is overrated Nightmares are underrated. Just a couple of hours until the battle is won. I will not let you take over tonight. Tonight the demons will have to dance alone. I will see the moon until it stops shining. And I will hear them Calling my name. Asking me to dance the dance of Death. Tonight my demons will have to dance alone.~ Rosa groaned. "Oww. Son of a-" her words were consumed by another gasp of pain as she rolled onto her back. She stood, careful of her aching body, and brushed the dirt and leaves from her clothes. Where the hell am I? Rosa looked around. She was standing the the middle of a forest. This definitely doesn't look like Piers Park…. Or any other park in Boston for that matter. The trees were tall and the branches twisted towards the sky, as if trying to escape from the earth. The thick roots stretched outward, easily seen atop the ground before they dug deeper into the earth as if in a constant battle with the branches. The leaves were wide and bright with colors of Autumn, colors she rarely saw in the city. She brushed her fingertips across the bark, it was soft with moss. Sunlight streamed through the gaps in the trees, bathing the forest. She gaped, it looked magical. Rosa turned about, looking for some sign of a clear path. She heard the chirping of birds, and the soft rustle of the leaves as small animals foraged. It was all so surreal, in all her travels she had never been in a place where nature seemed so peaceful and untouched by man. Part of her expected a bulldozer to come from nowhere and tear it all down to put a condominium in its place. Remembering her bags, she paused her inspection, picking them up from the ground. Rosa ran the events of the past two days through her mind, trying to remember how she had gotten here and why. ~Two Days Earlier~ Rosa yanked her keys from the lock, kicking the door shut as she dropped her bag on the floor. She shuffled to her room, and collapsed on her bed, not bothering to take her clothes off. It felt like mere seconds had passed when her alarm went off, sounding the start of a new day. She raised her hand, slamming her palm onto the small button with much more force than required. She rolled onto her back and scooted to the end of the bed. Why does morning always come so soon? She placed her feet on the ground as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes. The silence of her apartment accompanied her to the bathroom, where she took a much needed shower. Her hands shook as she washed the shampoo from her hair. It was your fault. She squeezed her eyes shut. The hot water tried to wash away her tensions, and failed. You're the reason that he is dead. Rosa sunk to the floor and sat under the spray of the shower head for nearly thirty minutes. He could be alive right now. You could have saved him. The water melded with her salty tears. *BUZZZZZ* She groaned. "Just a minute!" she shouted at the unexpected - and unwanted - visitor. Rosa pulled herself to her feet, letting the water wash over her face once more before turning the knob and stepping out of the shower. She carefully wrapped a towel around herself and put on her slippers before shuffling, begrudgingly, to the door. Rosa peeked out and saw no one, but there was a letter on the ground. She grabbed it before retreating into the safety of her bedroom. She hurriedly rummaged through her drawer, pulled out an oversized sweater (strictly for wearing at home), and tugged it over her head. After Rosa sat on her bed, she began to inspect the letter. It looked old; the paper was stiff and thick. There was an intricate wax seal on it, and on the other side someone had carefully written her name. Rosalva Aislinn D'Ambrosio. Rosa peeled open the envelope, carefully keeping the wax seal intact for further inspection later, and pulled out the letter inside. It had the address of the Boston public library and the words: 254 Librum Arcanum What the hell does that mean? She thought about it for a few more moments before coming to the conclusion that whoever had left her this note, wanted her to read this book. Well, that's not cryptic as fuck. She stood and began dressing herself for the day in long black dress pants, a silky button down blouse and her long black coat. Before she had even finished putting her shoes on she received a phone call. "Yes?" she said impatiently. "Well aren't you just a ray of sunshine this morning? No hello?" Jane said, her voice thick with sarcasm. "No. Now what do you want?" "Just called to tell you, because I am such an amazing friend, that you left your bag here last night." Rosa looked over her shoulder for her bag and saw it on the floor. "Uh, No...I didn't." "Well there is a bag right here in your office with a note on top of it with your name on it." Rosa groaned, wondering if the bag and note had anything to do with the one she had received earlier. "I'll be right in." She quickly hung up and threw her phone in her bag, grumbling about how this was supposed to be her day off. Rosa arrived at the hospital, and walked quickly to her office. Sure enough, the note on top of the bag was written in the same handwriting. She hastily opened the envelope, reading the two words on the note: Take this . This is ridiculous. She opened the bag and glancing inside she instantly recognized what it was filled with. She walked out of the hospital without so much as a word or nod towards the coworkers that greeted her on her way out. She was careful to keep out of Jane's sight as she exited the hospital, rushing to her car. Rosa tossed her bags into the passenger seat, simultaneously turning the keys in the engine as she shut the door. She walked into the library with both bags, and asked a clerk to get her the book written on the note. It didn't take very long, but she was even more confused once she got the book. None of this was making any sense. She looked at the cover of the book; it looked ancient. She was hesitant to even touch it for fear that it might fall apart at the single turn of a page. The book looked to be covered with real leather, the words were neatly printed at the top; Librum Arcanum. She turned the page of the book to find amazingly colorful pictures depicting a scene of two people. One woman dressed in white, and a man in black. There was blood covering the hem of her dress and the man was draped across her lap; dying. The next picture showed the woman holding her hands above the man, a bright light coming from them. Rosa looked at the words beneath the picture but could not understand them. She brushed her fingers across the four words: Tolo dan nan galad . She tried to say them aloud. " Tolo dan nan galad " The words seemed to glow at the sound of her voice. Startled, Rosa slammed the book and looked around to see if anyone else had seen or heard it. Pull it together, Rosa! You're going crazy! After taking a deep breath, she left with the book and returned home before she dared read any further. Rosa flipped through the pages looking at the detailed pictures, and tracing the words with her fingers. She awoke strewn across her bed - again fully clothed - with the book open on her lap. She closed it, and put it in her bag before rushing out the door. She heard the crunching sound of a paper and lifted her foot. Another damn note. Rosa picked it up and read the words, they glowed brighter than the words from the book had. She had to close her eyes, and within seconds was overcome with the feeling of falling. The ground came at her with startling speed, the air forced from her lungs as her chest collided with the ground, her arm crushed beneath her. Rosa groaned, "Oww. Son of a -" she gasped. Then stood, brushing herself off. Where the hell am I? ~Chapter One~ Rosa sighed, she now remembered how she had gotten here but was completely confused as to why she was here, and had absolutely no idea where here even was. This is just wonderful, I'm lost...or dreaming? After a couple pinches and a few moments of contemplating the chances of this being a dream she gave up on the idea and started walking. Guess any direction is as good as the other...since I have no fucking clue where I am or where I'm going to! The same forest that had her in jaw-dropping awe just minutes ago was now the major point of her frustrations, she had tripped over a large root and fell into a particularly muddy spot in the woods all within the first five minutes. Her appreciation for nature was at an all time low. She did her best to wipe the mud from her face, but as for the rest of her, it didn't matter. Rosa was sure that she looked like a crazed hobo in the woods. She laughed at herself, Great now even if I do get found by someone they'll take one look at me and run. She kicked rocks, was pulled by branches, and stumbled over roots for what felt like hours before she heard someone else in the forest with her. Her face flashed with emotions; surprise, hope, suspicion, and finally rested with caution. She ducked behind a tree and waited for the person to get closer, before reaching into her bag for a gun. She peeked out and studied the man. He had shoulder length brown hair, which looked like it hadn't been washed in a good long while , but his clothes were far dirtier. He wore a long dark coat over a cloth shirt and pants, with dark boots that matched. He had a sword sheathed at his hip and a quiver full of arrows slung over his shoulder. She guessed that he had been in the woods for quite a while, but was confused at his clothing. Was he in some sort of renaissance faire? He looked towards the tree where she was hiding and she nearly swore aloud. She ducked behind the tree again and tried to calm her breathing. Her mind desperately searched for any explanation but found none. She slipped the gun back into her bag and stepped out from behind the tree with her hands up. "Uh...Hello there." He stared at her as if assessing her threat level. After his eyes flicked over her, they darted back down to her clothes. Confusion spread across his face before his