I own none of these characters. They belong to J. R. R. Tolkien. Peregrin's song is from "Faerie Tale Theatre"'s "Rapunzel" episode. Slash. The Fairy tales of the Brothers Grimm and the world of Middle-Earth are combined. Pippin, confined to a tower by his foster father, is romanced by Merry. Peregrin. Once upon a time there lived a Hobbit, Paladin Took, and his wife, Eglantine, who were unhappy because, while they were had three daughters and adored them, they had no son. Paladin wanted very much for somebody to carry the family name on. Finally, Eglantine was pregnant again and could sense that this next child was a boy. The family was overjoyed. These good people had a little hill near their house, which looked into lovely fields, full of all manner of beautiful flowers, fruits, and vegetables; but few dared to venture far into it, for it belonged to Farmer Maggot, who was hardly a kindly soul to the rest of the Shire, and he had a group of apple trees that he especially cherished growing in the middle of his fields and grew the apples only for himself. One day Eglantine stood on the hill overlooking the garden, and saw there a glut of the finest apples. "Pippin", they were called, being a pet name for "Peregrin". The apples looked so fresh and green that she longed for some of them. The desire grew day by day, and just because she knew she couldn't possibly get any of them to eat, she pined away and became quite pale and faint. Her husband grew alarmed and said: "What ails you, my Eglantine?" "Oh," she answered, "if I don't get some apples to eat out of Farmer Maggot's field, I know I shall die." Paladin loved her dearly, but knew that she couldn't have the apples. "Eglantine, you know that he grows them for himself." "Then why not steal into the garden? Gather a bunch, he won't miss them." Paladin was shocked at first, but the image of his ailing wife surpassed his opposition to stealing. He thought to himself, "Come! Rather than let your wife die, you shall fetch her some apples, no matter the cost." So at dusk he climbed over the wall into Maggot's garden, and, hastily gathering a sack of apples, he returned with them to his wife. She eagerly took them and ate them hungrily; they tasted so good that her longing for the forbidden food was greater than ever. She began to yearn for more. If she were to know any peace of mind, there was nothing for it but that her husband should climb over the garden wall again, and fetch her some more. "But Eglantine, I've stolen from him! I can't do it again! He'll have my neck if he catches me!" "Please, Paladin," she meekly responded, "I feel that I won't be able to endure without more." So, with reluctance, at dusk over he climbed, but when he reached the other side he drew back in terror, for there, standing before him, was Farmer Maggot. "How dare you, Paladin Took" he snarled angrily, "sneak into my field and steal my apples like a common thief? You shall suffer for your foolhardiness." "Oh!" he implored, "forgive me, I did it for Eglantine; she is with child-!" "With child?" Maggot inquired, caught off guard. "Yes! She saw your apples from the hill, and she grew such a terrible craving for them that she would certainly have died if her wish had not been gratified. She's certain that it's a lad." Farmer Maggot looked at him, understanding. "She wanted some apples... why did you not ask me for some, instead of stealing into my garden?" "Well I-" Paladin stammered, "you don't like to give those apples away, and I wasn't-." "Therefore since your wife had this terrible desire for fruit..." Farmer Maggot said cooly and then glared at Paladin, snarling, "You became a thief?" "I love her! I didn't want either of them to die!" "Love is no excuse, Master Took!" Snapped Farmer Maggot, "But if it's as you say, you may take as many apples away with you as you like, but on one condition only -- that you give me the child." "What?" Paladin cried in horror. "You stole from me, and therefore the punishment must be right for the crime. All shall go well with it. I will look after him like a father. Fear not; he will be well-cared for." Paladin reluctantly agreed to everything he asked. Eglantine was horrified at the thought of losing her baby when Paladin told her what had happened, but she could see that she had not much of a choice, for she had been selfish enough to have her husband steal food for her. She would not be able to look at an apple again without reeling, and as soon as the child was born Maggot arrived, and having given him the name of Pippin, after the apples, he carried him off, ignoring Eglantine's sobs of remorse and bereavement. Peregrin grew into the fairest, liveliest lad under the sun, and he and his adoptive father had much fun together. But when Pippin began to blossom into an adult, Maggot, fearing losing his son to a lass, shut him up in a tower in the middle of the forest, locking him in the living space at the top of the tower and sealing the entrance... "Da! What are you doing?" Pippin shouted in horror from the window. Maggot had a group of Hobbit lads laying mortar and bricks in the doorway to the tower. "I've decided that it's better for you to live here, Pippin." Farmer Maggot answered him from the ground. "Let me out!" "Pippin, no lass or anybody else will be able to touch you up there, nobody will be able to hurt you; you're safe." The prospect of being shut up there forever frightened Pippin. "But I want to be free!" From that day forth, Pippin saw only his adoptive father and, being a sprightly, energetic lad, he grew bored and often lonely. Farmer Maggot came to visit daily and to bring food and water to his adopted son, he stood at the foot of the tower and called up to him: "Peregrin-! Peregrin, Let down your hair," Pippin's beautiful chestnut hair had not been cut, for Maggot could not bring himself to cut off such exquisite hair, and as a result it had grown amazingly long as the years passed. Whenever he heard Maggot's voice, he wrapped his hair twice around the window-latch and let his hair fall from the window to the ground about twenty yards below, and Maggot climbed up by it. But at first, Pippin refused to do so... "I won't do it!" Pippin had stated bluntly on the day after the finishing of the wall that sealed the door off. "Peregrin Took," Farmer Maggot called up to his son, his patience tested, "Do you want to starve?" "I want nothing from you." Pippin angrily stated, shutting the window in a huff. Maggot had sighed, defeated, but he knew that Pippin would become hungry and would eventually have to let him up. He was right; after several days, Pippin, hungry and terribly weakened from his refusal, dragged himself to the window and finally let his hair down. As the years passed, Pippin continued to grow into a young adult within the tower. He grew sadder with each passing year, thinking of the life that he was missing in the world outside of his prison. Having little to do up there, he turned his attention to his voice and took up singing, letting his voice ring out into the world, hoping that somebody would save him from the home that imprisoned him, but knowing that the hope was in vain. I never will marry, Ne'er to take groom nor bride. I expect to live single All the days of my life... O, there's many a change in the winter wind There's change in the cloud's design, O, there's many a change in a young lad's heart, But never a change in mine... One day, several years after after Pippin was shut away, it happened one day that a Hobbit lad, Meriadoc Brandybuck, was walking through the forest and passed near the tower. As he drew near it he heard someone singing so sweetly that he stood still, spell-bound, and listened. "Who is there?" Merry wondered. He strained to see who occupied the tower but saw nobody. Pippin, waiting for Maggot to come back to the tower, sang to pass the time before Maggot would come. He had little to do and almost nobody to see apart from the birds and insects... "As much as I love my Da, he has made life a misery for me." he reflected as he sang. Would he live there for life? Merry longed to see the owner of the voice, but he sought in vain for a door in the tower. He reluctantly turned to go home, but he was so haunted by the song and the sweet melancholy in the voice that sang it that he returned every day to the wood and listened. "If only I would reach this lad, I would be happy..." Merry thought wistfully as he gazed at the tower, occasionally seeing glimpses of Pippin, "so sweet he sounds, so sad..." Merry, eager to know who lived in this mysterious tower, questioned those living near the forest. He learned that Farmer Maggot kept the tower and was hiding a Hobbit lad there. "Farmer Maggot! He raised him?" Merry was horrified at the thought that Maggot had raised this lad. But he kept his feelings silent and thanked his informers. One day, when he was standing thus behind a tree, listening to Pippin singing, he saw Maggot approach. Maggot was not well-liked in the Shire, and Merry was no exception, but he stayed silent and watched, to see what would happen, and he heard Maggot call up to the window: "Peregrin-! Peregrin, Let down your hair," Then Pippin let down his flowing tresses, and Maggot climbed up by them. Merry stood there, spellbound at the sight of this cascade of reddish curls. "So that's the staircase, is it?" mused Merry. "Then I too will climb it and try my luck." So at dusk, as he watched Farmer Maggot disappear into the woods, he went to the foot of the tower and called: "Peregrin-! Peregrin, Let down your hair," and as soon as he had spoken these words, down tumbled the thick, auburn hair. Merry shivered with delight as his hands touched the soft curls and tried his best to focus on his climbing than on his eagerness to meet this mysterious lad. "How odd," Pippin thought, "I think not that he forgot anything, but...!" Merry's breath caught in his throat. This Hobbit lad was even fairer to behold than he thought. "Hello..." Pippin gasped in surprise. "Oh! Who are you?" "Hush... I'm sorry for frightening you." Merry apologized, gazing shyly at the lad as he climbed through the window, "I am Meriadoc Brandybuck, son of Saradoc Brandybuck. Who are you?" "My name is Peregrin, although my father says nothing of our family name." Pippin replied, feeling somewhat calmer. Something within him stirred as he eyed this Hobbit lad, from his golden curls and blue eyes to his impish smile. "I heard you singing as I was walking in the forest several weeks ago and I heard you singing... your voice... it captured me, it set my heart aflame... I returned every day to hear you, in hopes that we would meet..." Pippin gazed at him, taken by these words. Merry noticed this and gazed at the mixture of wonder and amazement on Pippin's lovely face, savoring every inch of the image of him. Pippin broke out of the reverie and hastily began to draw his hair back up when