I have no idea where this came from. It could have something to do with that Hunger Games marathon yesterday...hmmm and I love this song, so yeah. Anyway obviously this is AU as all hell but I wanted a Katniss that wasn't so stupid...I love her to pieces but holy crap is she just dumb sometimes. I love my Peeta bear and I apologize in advance for what I've done to him. Some parts of the movies and books used include dialog though not always in the correct order, the rest is all me ;) The song is Elastic Heart by Sia feat. Diplo and the Weeknd. (The fact that its part of the Catching Fire soundtrack is a bonus) I own nothing. Blah blah blah. The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference – Ellie Wiesel And another one bites the dust " Welcome the victor of the 83rd Hunger Games, Lionel Moran!" The crowd roared and cheered as the twelve year-old boy from District 12 came onto the stage. He blinked owlishly behind his glasses and gave a tentative wave. This sent the crowd roaring again and Caesar Flickerman had to shout to be heard. " Before we get to know young Lionel, let's have a quick chat with his mentors, the winners of the 74th hunger games, Katniss and Peeta Mellark." Oh why can I not conquer love? Peeta and I come out, holding hands and blowing kisses to our adoring audience. Peeta shakes Caesar's hand then Caesar turns to me and kisses mine. Peeta pulls out my chair and I sit down gracefully. Peeta sits beside me and I pull his hand onto my lap entwining his fingers with mine. " So I can see you two are as in love as ever," he chuckles. Peeta's hands slacks a bit in mine but he smiles winningly, "of course. After everything we went through to be together-" Peeta trails off and a soft but what I know to be an artificial light enters his eyes as he smiles at me. " It's a blessing." I finish. We talk of strategies and getting our tribute out and how exciting it all was. There's discussions of the upcoming celebrations in district 12 and the capital parties that are sure to be magnificent. And I might have thought that we were one I look over at Snow and he glances at Peeta meaningfully. I take a deep breath and Peeta squeezes my hand in encouragement, "actually Caesar we have an announcement." " Really? Do tell." He leans in closely like it's a secret, like we could keep anything a secret here in the Capitol. I look at Peeta but his profile is suddenly dark and forbidding and I falter. He squeezes my hand again, this time it's a hard squeeze that mashes our wedding rings into my fingers, the darkness in his face disappears and he turns and smiles at me. The fake smile he gives the cameras, a smile that's not been real in a long time, six years to be exact, is reflected in the screens around us. Wanted to fight this war without weapons " We are going to have a baby," I finally get out. A baby. A child of two victors. A weapon for Snow to continue to use against us. Another weapon to keep us in line. Not that we would even think of stepping out of it at this point. Peeta and I are congratulated, while the crowd goes crazy. We are enveloped by Caesar and our old mentor, Haymitch as well as Cinna and Effie, who are called to the stage by the audience. Everyone who's had a hand in our love story. I see Johanna shake her head and I notice that Peeta's acknowledged it with a shake of his own. I catch Finnick's eyes and he looks disappointed, I smile wider and he turns away. " Heaven help you," Haymitch whispers to me. He shakes Peeta's hand and says something to him too, something too quiet for me to hear. Whatever he says makes the future father clench his jaw. Not that this is too surprising, Peeta often talks to Haymitch with a clenched jaw and clipped words. And I wanted it, I wanted it bad After the celebrations we head back to the training center, its closer to the train station than our capitol home. We'll be heading back to 12 after the morning interview. We don't say anything on the way to the elevator, though I sag a little against him now that my heels are off, my feet are already tender and I'm only a few months along. We reach the top floor and only after we make it into our quarters and have taken off all the capitol clothes do we speak. " The interview went well," he says pulling on a plain gray shirt and black sleep pants. " Lionel didn't really have to say much, Caesar did most of the talking." " Caesar always does most of the talking." " Do you think that Snow is satisfied?" I ask scared for the first time in a long time. " I'm sure he is. I wouldn't worry about it too much now. I'm sure we will have another "visit" in the next few months and I have a meeting with him first thing in the morning. I'll smooth over any doubts," he adds. " We're leaving first thing in the morning. Is he coming to see us here?" I ask feeling a hollow ache forming in the pit of my stomach. But there were so many red flags " I'm not going to twelve this year." He says it casually, as if he didn't just say he was abandoning me for the next six months. Not that he has been very present in the last few years but at least he's been by my side. He's never left me completely alone. I have felt this divide steadily building between us but I know deep within my soul that if I allow this to happen, we will never cross it and he'll be lost to me. "Why?" He looks at me, really looks at me. He looks at me in way that he hasn't in years, like the boy in love with a girl, really in love not acting like it because he thinks the girl is stuck with him. A man in love with his wife, not one forced into it by circumstances. A man happy to be a father because he still loves me and not just because enough time has passed. It's an oddly pensive look that puts me on the defensive. I can feel my hackles rising, can taste the stupid comeback ready to be hurled at him sitting on the tip of my tongue. He must see it too because his face goes back to that placid expression, the one I hate so much, the one that's getting harder and harder to banish. Now another one bites the dust " Your mother and Prim are there." He gets into bed and turns off the light on his side bathing half of the room in darkness and keeping me from seeing anything he might be thinking. "And I have capitol business to attend to." I sit still and quiet with no response to the bomb he's just dropped on me. ' It's exactly what I asked for. I asked for time away from the noise and crowds. I asked for space from the fakeness of our lives. I didn't think he would think I meant him.' The thoughts circle in my mind and by the time I finally lay beside him, I know that I've asked for something that will destroy what's left of us. " I'll see you off tomorrow and call you every day." " Don't bother, I'll call you once a week." I snap. " Katniss." " Peeta." " I don't want to fight about this. You don't need the extra stress." Yeah, let's be clear, I'll trust no one He sounds weary and just annoyed with me but I don't care. I'm the one that has to carry this to term. I'm the one whose body is changing."I never wanted this." " I know." " I never wanted kids, Peeta. I never wanted this for me." " I know what you meant and for the record I didn't want...this either," he replies. You did not break me " We can't keep doing this." He turns the light back on and sits up, his prosthetic leg rests discreetly against the night table and I fixate on that instead of his blue eyes. They've darkened so much over the years. "I know that this is scary but as long as we are honest and help each other through it, we'll survive it. We made it through everything else, haven't we?" " Survive? Aren't you tired of this life?" I ask. " Yes, but you, Haymitch and I agreed that this ride was never gonna be over. We convinced Snow, squashed a rebellion and are now enjoying that life." " Maybe we shouldn't have." I say quietly. He looks so flustered, like it's finally taken a toll on him but I know better. The damage has been there from the beginning, ever since our wedding went through and we moved to Panem for six months out of the year. Ever since it was obvious that I couldn't submit to this union like he had. I hadn't even wanted to try the first years and he'd given it all because we were stuck together and he didn't want us to end up hating each other. I think sometimes that he must hate me now from how he talks when others aren't around. "You probably should have become the rebellion's symbol and fueled the uprising, I could have watched from 12 as you saved us all." " We never even tried to fight." I say stubbornly ignoring his sarcastic tone. I'm still fighting for peace " We didn't try to fight? Katniss that's exactly what you and I do every day. We get up and fight for another day but I never wanted to, I just wanted to make it out of the Arena and go home. I wanted to be your friend and maybe something else when we grew up." He sighs, "it's over and done with, we can't change the past." " So you've given up?" I ask. " We had our chance." He turns the light off and leaves me to lay awake until the morning light sneaks across our window. Well, I've got thick skin and an elastic heart I drift off eventually but I wake with my back sore and a terrible foreboding. Peeta is out of bed and already in the shower, when I wake. His clothes for the day are set out as are mine, the single suitcase I packed before we went to the show is sitting by the door. Its blue and battered and looks especially homely without Peeta's equally battered black one next to it. But your blade it might be too sharp He comes out toweling his hair and I realize that only his blazer and shoes are actually laid out. " Why didn't you wake me?" I say sitting up and putting my hair up in a lazy ponytail. He hands me a cup of hot chocolate with a fresh cheese bun, I take them and he sits next to me to put his shoes on. "You tossed and turned a lot last night. I didn't think you'd actually gotten any sleep, I didn't want to bother you. You having nightmares again?" He used to always know when I had nightmares. Now he has to ask, it's my fault. I pushed him away, I didn't want to depend on him like during the Victory tour. I'm like a rubber band