Betrayal AN: OK, here's the deal: I've read a couple of fanfics based on original but very far-fetched axioms. That wouldn't be so bad by itself - axioms are indisputable. Only if the rest of the story wasn't weird and far-fetched as well (I'm not criticising actual quality of the stories, just the inconsistency of logic in them). Example: Yes, SM wrote that Jacob kissed Bella against her will and that Charlie approved. However, Charlie felt bad about it afterwards and Jacob certainly isn't some kind of dark monster set to destroy Bella's happiness for no apparent reason. So, I've decided to make a collage of several clichés I've read and write a great bashing of (almost) every character other than Bella. If you recognize a piece of your own story here, please don't be angry with me, I mean no harm. Don't take me seriously, I only mean this story as a joke (that is, if you find the idea of Bella killing everybody funny). Warning: this story contains humiliation and harm of a person on a wheelchair. The summer between "Twilight" and "New Moon": Jacob Black (already shape-shifting shape-shifter), Mike Newton (normal human boy) and Demetri of Volturi (old and sick vampire) had one thing in common: they coveted Bella's truck. To be more precise, they were envious of her relation to the car. Bella loved the red beast as soon as she saw it. It had her soul. Jacob and his father Billy owned the truck before and it had been actually Jacob who fixed everything that needed to be fixed before Billy sold the truck to Charlie. However, Jacob hated the truck. It required constant maintenance and it stood in the way of building his rabbit from a scratch. He expected Bella to hate the truck as well and believed that it would break down soon enough but the exact opposite happened. Also, he was a black-hearted monster who hated everybody and everything. Demetri could buy any car he wanted but since he was an old and sick vampire, he wouldn't be able to love it like Bella loved her truck. Plus, he was a member of the Volturi guard and it's a common knowledge that Volturi do a lot of evil things just for the fun of it. As for Mike, he was simply jealous of anybody and anything that was loved by Bella because he himself wasn't. And so the three of them got together to conspire. Why? Because everything is better when there is some kind of conspiracy behind it. "So, what are we going to do, boys?" asked Mike. "Who do you call boy you dumb piece of a weak human?" snarled Demetri. Mike stuttered, "I... I'm sorry. It's just that you look so young. I..." "You just didn't think you idiot. Why are we even suffering you here? Why don't I simply drain your blood?" interrupted him Demetri. "You can't do that!," exclaimed Mike. "Jacob here would phase. He is a protector of humans you know." "I think I would make an exception in your case," sneered Jacob. Mike quickly started to think and in brief moment of geniality said, "But I can be useful to you. Whatever we are going to do will have much greater psychological effect on Bella if I participate!" "Why?" asked both Jacob and Demetri. "Because I'm such a pathetic weakling. If one of you, for example, stole the truck from her, she would just think that it wasn't in her power to stop it. But in my case..." Jacob and Demetri pondered that for a while and then relaxed. Mike let out the breath he was holding. "So, you say that we should steal the truck?" asked Demetri. "Well, that was just the first thing I thought about." "Guys, let's face it. We don't want her truck. It's an old piece of junk," said Jacob. Demetri nodded and asked the others, "At first, we need to ask ourselves if we want to do something that might hurt Bella. She is quite attached to the truck." Jacob cried, "Hell yeah! I'll do anything to achieve our goal and if it hurts Bella in the process then I'll call it a bonus." Demetri was taken aback a little and asked, "I don't want to be seen as a pansy but why do you hate her so much? Isn't she your friend?" "Was. But then she decided to hook up with the Emoward. I don't want to be jealous or anything but being dumped for Emoward? That hurts my ego. And of course, the truck seems to cooperate with her more then it did with me. That also hurts my ego." Mike cleared his throat and said, "I agree. She should hurt for making us jealous. And why do you care? Aren't you supposed to be an old and sick vampire?" "I am and I do not care. I just thought it would be interesting to be seen as good guy for a moment." Jacob spoke. "OK. That leads us back to the original question: What are we going to do?" They stood there for a moment and then Mike proposed, "So, is there anybody here who is against damaging or even destroying the car?" "What do you have in mind?" asked Jacob. "I don't know. Scratching the paint..." Demetri started to laugh and said, "No. If you want to do something, do it thoroughly!" "Yes," agreed Jacob. Demetri continued, "We shall damage the truck beyond repair. We shall bite through its tires, tear its bodywork, snap its axles..." "OK, OK. We don't need an enumeration of car parts," interrupted him Jacob. Mike asked, "Ehm, and what about me? I'm just a human, I can't tear metal." "Well, you can take a baseball bat and break the glass parts as an appetizer," proposed Jacob. After the three conspirators agreed on this point of conspiracy, they moved to the next one. "So, where is Bella going to be when we do this?" asked Mike. "Well, that's obvious. We'll make her watch," answered Demetri. "Er, isn't she going to try to stop us?" asked Mike again. Jacob laughed and answered, "Well, at least one of us will always stand in her way while the others do the work. At first me and Demetri while you break the glass and then you will obstruct her while we do some real damage to the vehicle." "Well, I don't think I could do that," whispered Mike. Demetri grinned and replied, "Of course, we forgot that she could kick your ass if she wanted. Well, then I shall take turns with Jacob in standing in her way and destroying the truck. However, I don't think that she would be able to stop me even if she somehow got around Jacob." Mike relaxed and beamed but then frowned again. He said, "I've been thinking. After we do this, she will be quite angry with us, right? And she might come and get a revenge. You two don't need to worry about that. However, I do - since I'm just a weak human. But if I was a vampire..." Jacob and Demetri started to laugh like a pair of hyenas. Demetri told Mike, "No way. I won't stain our race by such a pathetic excuse for a person." Jacob calmed Mike down, "Don't worry, Bella is such a kind girl that she simply isn't able to harm anybody. You could do to her practically anything and she would forgive you." And so their horrific plan was almost finished. However, there was one big obstacle in their way: Bella was protected by a coven of vampires. They started to discuss the matter and couldn't find any solution. Suddenly, they were interrupted by a cough. "Master?" gasped Demetri because the cough came from Aro who was for the whole time standing in the shade of a nearby tree and nobody noticed him. He spoke to them, "Good morning, gentlemen. I've been listening to your plans and I've found them quite interesting. If you don't mind, I would like to help you with them." Mike blinked a few times and asked, "Excuse me sir, why do you want to get involved in this?" "I'm Aro." The three conspirators looked at him expectantly for a while. "I'm Aro, this is what I do," elaborated the leader of the Volturi. "Ooookayyy," drawled Jake. Aro went to the house of the Cullen's. "Carlisle, my old friend!" he exclaimed when he stepped in. He immediately marched towards him with his hand extended. "Aro, what a lovely surprise," said Carlisle but kept his hand in his pocket. "Aren't you going to shake my hand?" asked Aro. "Well, sure, why not?" replied Carlisle and did so. Aro immediately started to divert Carlisle by meaningless blubber, "Oh, what a great progress you've made. Would you like to deliver a speech about your lifestyle on a vampire convention one day? That would be so illuminating! And what a lovely family you've gathered." Then he went to the point, "I see that there's another mind reader in your family. Could I meet him?" Soon, Aro was shaking Edward's hand. Edward was tense and immediately shrieked, "Bella won't be a soulless monster like me! I'll rather kill her!" Aro chuckled and calmed him down, "Don't worry my young friend, you can keep her human if you wish." As Aro sifted through his mind, he learned absolutely everything. He learned about Edward's emo-wardness, Rosalie's distaste for Bella, Alice's love for shopping, Esme's motherly instincts, Jaspers problem with his diet and such. He already knew from the Carlisle's handshake that he had a soft spot for his youngest son. They all assembled in the living room and Aro spoke to them, "I see that you have a problem - Victoria." "What about her?" asked Emmett. "She will come for Bella one day, to have a revenge - mate for mate," answered Aro. "Do you really think so? I always thought that she would want to destroy me," disagreed Edward. Aro shook his head and said, "Edward, how thick can you be? Isn't it sort of obvious?" Edward hung his head and agreed, "Well, when you put it this way, it is." Aro chortled and proposed, "Don't worry though - my friend Demetri will hunt her down and take care of her. In exchange, I would like you to participate on a certain experiment of mine." "What experiment?" asked Carlisle suspiciously. "I need you to leave Bella for a few months," replied Aro solemnly. There were several exclamations when he said that. "No! She is my best friend!" cried Alice. "She is like my daughter!" sobbed Esme. "Good riddance!" laughed Rosalie. "Yes! She is in danger from me!" bellowed Edward. Aro addressed them all, "My friends, please calm down and let me explain. Edward, you currently hate yourself for staying with Bella, right? Well, then I advise you to leave for a while. Bella will be devastated, you'll see that, return to her and you will know that there isn't any other option than staying with her. Plus, you would have a great excuse to mope around and submerge yourself in your emo nature in the meantime." Edward's eyes lightened up - it was a great idea! Aro continued, "Esme, when you return, you will be able to shower Bella with you motherly love. Just imagine how attached to you she'll become! Alice, when you return, you will be able to take her shopping and Bella won't object because she'll be glad that you are back." He told similar things to others and soon, all the Cullens were thrilled about the idea. Immediately, they started to make plans and decided to leave after Bella's birthday. Demetri set out to track Victoria down that very day. However, he didn't kill her when he caught her but he took care of her all right. They found love in each other and Victoria forgot all