(Heyy everyone, thank u all fr taking the time to read my third fanfic story XD. I hope u guys like it and don't forget to review. Thxxx :) Aragorn's P.O.V: In The Village Of Arathorn Clash! My sword clanged against my fathers'. We were practicing, as usual. Every day, my father, Arathorn, and I would wake up really early in the morning to practice something that we were both good at. Sword fighting. I started learning how to handle a sword very young and now I am about 9 years old. (A.N. I had to make him young) My name is Aragorn. I look a lot like my father, but I have my mothers blue eyes. I hardly remember her because my father never talked about her. You see, she died giving birth to me. After that incident, it was just my father and I. He tried to always keep me near him, as much as he could, for fear that something might happen to me because I was all he had left. My father also came up with the idea of me learning sword fighting so that I could learn how to defend myself if something ever separated me from him. Just then, I lost focus and my sword jumped out of my hand and clattered to the floor. "Always, stay focus and watch your opponent's eyes", Arathorn said. I nodded and picked up my sword for another try. This time my father's sword sprung out of his hand. "Good", he said, smiling at me. After practicing, we usually took a hot shower and then had breakfast. We continued this exercise, but it wasn't a week later when real trouble came. I had just finished taking a shower when I heard a loud horn in the distance. I froze. I knew that horn. The guard only blows it when he sees enemies. I threw battle gear on me and ran out to meet my father to receive orders. I found him dressed in his battle gear, too, yelling orders at his people. The woman and children were to be hidden inside their houses, while the men were to get ready to fight. I know that I'm still a child but I was trained very well, I could be mistaked for an adult, with a very strange growth hormone. (A.N. Lol idk. XP) It wasn't long before I could see our first enemies. They were orcs. And they were heavily armed too. I started to wonder if I would be living after this fight. "Aragorn!" my father called me. I ran over to him. "Remember everything I taught you. Don't lose focus!" he said. The orks were nearing. "Don't worry, I won't" and those were they last words I said before the battle started. The orcs ran past the village borders and many warriors started to back away. And then, the war began. An orc charged at me yelling "Aargh" and he got sliced by my sword. The war afterwards seemed like a piece of cake, until I got surrounded. I was closed in and there was no way for me to escape. My father suddenly burst through and started killing the orcs. I followed his lead and soon the village was saved. Nobody received any major injuries. I had a scratch across my left arm but that didn't matter. I looked around at what was left of my village. Houses were on fire and soon burning down. Many of our warriors lay dead on the ground, along with destroyed orcs. It was a complete death scene. "We have to leave", my father told his people. "We can not stay here anymore. The orcs will call reinforcements and if we stay here any longer...we are sure to die". Everyone agreed and started packing for their long trip. My father glanced at me and when he noticed about the scar on my arm, he told me to go inside to let it heal. I obeyed and left. A lot of people were already packed so we left at sundown. My father led his people but I had a feeling that he didn't know where he was going. I caught up to him and asked, "Where are we going?". "Anywhere far from here", he replied. Arathorn noticed that some people were starting to fall behind so we stopped for a short break. My father made another announcement, "Remember to stay together. If you stray, you may never find your way back to us. And anyone who falls behind, will be left behind". And with that, we started to move again. I stayed at the very end of the group, encouraging mothers and children to keep going, saying that we would make it, but I wasn't too sure myself. We stopped again near a cave to rest. I slept close to my father, listening as he told his most experienced fighters our next battle plan. Everyone continued to go through the same routine, stopping for snack breaks and getting a very limited amount of sleep. It wasn't long before I could see a village up ahead. My father also saw what I saw and he ran on ahead. As our people got closer I could see that the village belonged to elves. Lots of them. Most of them were equipped with bows and arrows. An elf man walked towards my father. I could see another elf trailing behind the grown elf. He looked about my age and he also had a bow with him. A quiver of arrows were strapped to his back. He had white long hair that reached past his shoulders. His eyes were deep brown. When he saw my sword hanging beside me, his eyes widened. "Arathorn! What brings you and your people here today?" the older elf asked my father after shaking hands with him. "Our village collapsed. Orcs came and took the lives of many of my people", Arathorn replied. "Very well, you and your people may stay here", the elf said. My father told the crowd behind him to make themselves comfortable. The grown elf then turned to me and said, "You must be Aragorn. My name is Thranduil and this is my son, Legolas". And while saying that last part, he turned toward the little elf. Legolas stepped forward and said, "Hey". I shook hands with him and we left alone. Thranduil and Arathorn had left, deep in conversation. We stared at each other, when Legolas said, "Are you good with a bow?". I replied saying, "Not really but I know how to defend my self with it". Legolas smiled and told me to follow him. I agreed and he took me to another part of the village. There were a few targets there and I knew what was happening. Legolas handed me a stray bow and a quiver of arrows which I strapped to my back. We began firing at the targets, Legolas getting them all right in the center. He looked at my target and smiled. "Not bad". I had a few in the center but not as much as Legolas. It was my turn to ask him "How well can you handle a sword?". He shrugged. He found a spare sword on the ground and picked it up. We both put down our bows and arrows. We then began our sword duel. We started standing in front of each other, our swords in front of us. Then we spread out and started fighting. Legolas made the first move. He jabbed at my lower abdomen but I blocked him. I watched his footwork and he wasn't too bad at it. We continued to practice until Legolas's sword fell out of his hand. I pointed the sword at his chest and he backed away. I lowered my sword and bent down to pick up his. I handed it over to him, saying "You're not too bad either". Legolas grew very attached to his bow as I grew attached to my sword. We became best friends and we practiced firing arrows and sword fighting. We became well trained and became able to defend ourselves. Two years had gone by and nothing had happened to Legolas's village. Until that day. The day when Legolas and I got separated from our parents. There was a cool breeze in the air but nothing could stop the same orcs which attacked my village from coming here. Legolas and I were eating breakfast with Arathorn and Thranduil, deep in conversation, again, when an elf ran over to us and said, "Orcs, sir. There are many of them. More than all the people in the village, combined". Legolas and I stared at each other. We would have to fight and this would be my second time facing orcs. "Aragorn and Legolas, get your battle gear on and stay together! You'll have a better chance at surviving this battle", Arathorn and Thranduil said to us. We nodded and hurriedly put on our armour. When we were done, Legolas and I got a closer look at what we would be facing. Orcs, but this time there were twice as many as last time and they were equiped with spiked clubs, large swords and arrows that were twice as long as their arms. Their armour was so thick, that we would have to hit one at least ten times to get it down. Legolas looked at me with fear in his eyes. What were we thinking? Two eleven-year olds fighting orcs that were taller and bigger than us? But we couldn't back away now. The village needed protection and we were going to do everything we could to save it. The first orcs arrived but were soon killed. And suddenly the war started. I was fighting like a demon, yelling as I killed every orc. I could see Legolas in the corner of my eye. He was fighting like a demon too, firing arrow after another. I must have killed at least a hundred orcs but more and more kept coming. We were running out of warriors. We were getting out numbered too, big time. Legolas and I got surrounded often but we worked like a team to get ourselves freed. But this time, too many orcs surrounded us, like a shield. Legolas and I stood back-to-back thinking of an escape plan. But there wasn't one. These orcs all had clubs of their own which had spikes at the end. Looking at it made me pee in my pants. (A.N. Figuratively) . The orcs around us began to raise their weapons and I knew that we would be orc meat in a few seconds. Suddenly arrows sprouted from every orc. Blood gushed out and they immediately fell to the ground, still holding on to their weapons. I could see even more orcs than last time. We would never survive. "Aragorn!", My father yelled at me. I turned towards him. He had a deep gash on his arm but he didn't seem to care. "Go into the woods with Legolas. Save yourself". I shook my head and continued to fight. "Aragorn, go!" Arathorn said to me again, but I ignored him. I wasn't going to leave him. This time Thranduil yelled at Legolas to do the same. "There's too many of them. You have to go". Before Legolas could protest, I grabbed him by the hand and pulled him towards a forest nearby. Our fathers were right. There were too many of them. The village was in flames and orcs were starting to fill up. Legolas and I took one final look at the village behind us, watching our fathers for the last time, before we disappeared into the thickness of the trees. We were both breathing hard by the time when we stopped. We caught our breath. I could hear screaming and sword clashing against another. We listened for a few more minutes until I heard a loud roar and then everything stopped. There