Daphne Greengrass was lying in bed trying to get comfortable. Her bedroom had been heating up for the past five minutes or so. It was getting to the point that she was starting to sweat. Daphne climbed out of bed and as she was walking to her door, a ball of fire appeared in the middle of her room. As the flames began to die down, she was able to see a figure standing in the center of the flames. The fire was so bright that once it had completely dissipated she was unable to see in the darkness that filled her room. She rushed to her bedside table and retrieved her wand, feeling safer she chose to find out who was in her room. "Who are you?" she said, as confidently as she could muster at the moment. In return all Daphne heard was a grunt, heavy breathing, and what sounded like someone falling. She quickly cast the 'Lumos' spell and illuminated the room. Once her eyes had adjusted to the light she saw the figure on their hands and knees, clutching one hand to their side. "Dipsy!" she called. "Madame, calls for Dip-" the self said before she was interrupted. "Get my parents, tell them there is someone in my room. Now," she all but screamed. Once the small elf had gone, Daphne slowly approached the figure. She kept her wand pointed toward the person, who she could now make out was a man. "Who are you?" she said forcefully. She could hear footsteps, thundering on the stairs at the end of the hall. Instead of answering the man looked around to see where he was. When he finally looked at her, he seemed confused. But not nearly as confused as she was now that she could make out the identity of the man on her floor. "D-daphne?" he said, blood running down his chin. "Stupefy!" she said, casting the stunning spell, and watched as he fell limp to the ground. Daphne had never been more confused than she was at that moment. For starters she was surprised that someone appeared in her room in a ball of fire. Then on top of that he actually knew her name. As far she knew they had never spoken, and yet he spoke her name with a familiarity that confused her to no end. Daphne's father came through the door quickly, wand drawn, followed closely by her mother. With a wave of his wand he lit the room. Seeing a young man lying in the middle of her room, face down in a small pool of blood, made his heart swell with pride. Not that his daughter had potentially killed someone, but that she had defended herself well. After insuring that his daughter was okay, he moved over to the man. Now that he was closer he noticed that this wasn't a man, but a boy seventeen at most. But that wasn't what he really noticed, it was the scar on the boy's forehead that he recognized. Here lying on his daughter's bedroom floor, was the Boy-Who-Lived, Harry Potter. Not only that, but by the looks of him, his daughter had nearly pummeled the life out of him. Luckily his wife was a healer at St. Mungo's and would be able to heal him. Though what disturbed him most, was that his wife mentioned that the severing curse used to cut the boy appeared to be very dark in nature. Once the boy had been brought back from the brink of death, he questioned his daughter about what had happened before he arrived. Daphne explained everything in perfect detail and he was glad to hear that his daughter was not studying the dark arts. Now he just had to decide how to proceed with the boy who was now resting in a spare bedroom. As far as he knew, Dumbledore was the boy's guardian, he would have to be notified. With nothing else to do he got his family, except for Astoria who had managed to sleep through everything, back to bed. When Harry woke the next morning all he felt was pain from his right side. Pulling the sheet down his topless form, he noticed the dark red scar just below his ribs. Trying to sit up, the pain immediately told him it was a bad idea. A hand touched his shoulder and gently pushed him back down. Startled Harry turned to see who he had overlooked, when he saw who it was he let out a sigh of relief. "Celia, you have no idea how good it is to see you." Harry said. "How bad was it?" The woman, Celia Greengrass, was shocked to find out that Harry Potter knew who she was. This was the first time she'd ever been in the same room as the boy. Though he seemed comforted by her presence, as if he trusted her. Mistaking the look on her face as an answer to his question, Harry grimaced. "That bad, eh?" he said. "How mad is Daphne? She seemed pretty pissed last night." "She was a little startled. It's not everyday someone, the-boy-who lived no less, just appears in a burst of fire." She replied. "Suppose I'll be paying for that one." He chuckled, grimacing in pain. "She'll forgive me though, she always does." After giving Harry a sleeping potion and applying a new bandage, Celia left the room. Moving into her husband's study, she saw him sitting at his desk looking over paperwork from the ministry. He looked up as she entered and stood to join her on the small love seat in front of the fireplace. "I take it the boy is awake?" he asked. "He was." She answered, with a curious look on her face. "By the look on your face," he said. "I'd say he must have said something interesting." Celia took a moment to organize her thoughts, before she spoke. "It was like he knew me." She said. "He knew my name, that I was a healer. He even spoke as if he and Daphne were close." "How so?" he asked, his curiosity peaked. So she told him about her encounter with the strange boy-who-lived. When she was done he was just as confused as she was. Daphne had made it clear the night before that she had never had contact with the boy. However the way Potter talked it was as if he knew their entire family, or at least his wife and daughter. "When he wakes, I'd like to speak with him." He said, with a sigh. "For now, I need to contact Dumbledore." When his wife left the room he took a pinch of Floo powder and called the headmasters office at Hogwarts. After a few moments he saw the old headmaster appear in his fireplace. "Thaddeus, to what do I owe this pleasure?" Dumbledore asked, with his trademark smile. "Good day, headmaster. You are Harry Potter's guardian, am I correct?" he asked, ignoring that Dumbledore had used his hated first name. He had on several occasion asked the headmaster to call him Tom, like everyone else does. "I am," Dumbledore answered, his smile almost disappearing. "Is there something I can help you with?" As he explained what had happened the night before, he could see the color draining from Dumbledore's face. Were the situation not so serious he might have laughed. "I see, I have something I need to look into," said Dumbledore, with a distant expression. "Would you mind if I came over when I'm finished?" "Of course, I'll be expecting you some time after lunch, good day Headmaster." He said as he closed his Floo connection. Albus Dumbledore wasted no time in apperating to number four Privet Drive, where Harry was living with his aunt. It was still rather early, the sun was just beginning to rise. Without knocking Albus waved his wand, unlocking and opening the door. Moving quickly up the stairs Albus made his way to Harry's bedroom. Keeping his wand at the ready, Albus slowly opened the door. Inside the room he saw nothing out of the ordinary. Harry was asleep in his bed and Hedwig stood alert on her perch, watching as the headmaster moved closer to Harry. Waving his wand over the sleeping boy, Albus identified him as Harry Potter. 'If Harry is at home, then who had broken into Greengrass Manor?' he thought to himself. Daphne stood beside the bed that Harry was sleeping on, watching him as he slept. However, she was not doing this out of choice. Her mother had declared that he was not to be left alone, his wound could re-open and she would need to know immediately. While watching him, Daphne realized that he looked different than he had at the end of the last term. His face was leaner, and he appeared to have some facial hair lightly growing in. His hair was also brushed off of his forehead. Having never been this close to him, Daphne took the opportunity to get a good look at his scar. To say the least, she wasn't very impressed. She had heard the story of the fall of Lord Voldemort, but she never truly believed a child could defeat him. To her it looked like a normal scar. Maybe the story was a lie, a cover. Maybe the Potters sacrificed themselves to destroy the Dark Lord, and Harry was just a scapegoat to answer the unanswered questions. Perhaps his scar was caused by a fall when he was a child, or maybe his father had dropped him on his head, the Potter line was not known for their intelligence. 'That would explain a few things,' she mused to herself. Harry stirred in the bed, breaking her from her thoughts. "You're not going to hex me yet are you?" Harry asked. Daphne wasn't sure what to make of his question. He hadn't even opened his eyes, he couldn't have known who stood by his bed. So she chose to say nothing. Not hearing a reply Harry opened his eyes and looked at Daphne. They just stared at each other, as if in an unspoken competition to see who would blink first. "Damn it," Harry muttered as he looked away. Daphne had a small, barely noticeable smirk of victory on her face. Daphne was very competitive, and she relished even the smallest of victories. "You're never going to let me win one of those are you?" Harry asked. "Excuse me?" she asked, in a rather stern tone. She was confused, once again he spoke as if he knew her. "Alright, alright. I'm sorry about just popping into your room last night," he said. "I needed to get somewhere safe, and there is nowhere I feel safer than with you." Of all the things Harry Potter could have said about unexpectedly appearing in her room in a ball of fire, she was not expecting that. "W-What," was all a wide eyed Daphne could get out at the moment. Thankfully he did not have time to confuse her further, as her mother entered the room. "Daphne you may go, I need to change his bandages." Celia said. "Also, tell your father that he is awake." "Yes, mother," Daphne replied, before turning and leaving the room. "Good morning, Celia," Harry said. "Actually, it's almost midday," She responded. "Well, you do you brew one hell of a sleeping potion." He said with a chuckle. "It's the extra Flob-" she started before being interrupted. "Valerian Sprigs, I know," he said with a laugh. "Daphne wouldn't shut up about it when you finally told her your secret." "Actually, I was going to say the extra Flobberworm Mucus," she replied stunned. "How do you know the secret of my sleeping potion?" "I told you, Daphne wouldn't shut up about it," he said with a smile. "Don't worry though, she only told me about it." ' This boy…' Celia thought to herself.