Prologue "Bellatrix, my most loyal servant, rise." Bellatrix was on her feet the moment her Lord finished speaking. "I have an assignment that I would trust to no other." Voldemort stopped his pacing and stood before her. "While most pureblood families support our cause and have given generously of their fortune. I do not believe it will be enough to complete our revolution. "Today I've discovered that two more pureblood houses have chosen to betray their heritage. The Longbottoms and the Potters have given Dumbledore their financial support." The Dark Lord sneered in disgust as he turned and walked back to his throne. "While the Longbottoms are an old and wealthy pureblood family they are nearly a squib line. Producing wizards that can barely attend Hogwarts, let alone defend themselves." The Dark Lord sat upon his throne and cast a calculating glance to the woman that stood before him. "The Potters however, are known to produce strong, proud wizards. They are rumored to be descended from Gryffindor himself." Bellatrix did not even try to hide her revulsion. "They are a family older and wealthier than most. With their support Dumbledore will easily have the resources he needs to wage his campaign." Voldemort clenched his hands into fists. "I need the Potters to rethink their position. I need their gold and you are the only person I trust to get it." "My Lord whatever you require of me it shall be done." Bellatrix bowed her head and then looked up straight into Voldemort's eyes. She was the only one of his servants he would allow to get away with it. "Merely state your desire and I will make it so." Her devotion brought a pleased, yet sadistic, smile to the Dark Lord's face. "Your mission is to seduce James Potter." At the shocked look on her face The Dark Lord's smile turned purely sadistic. "I plan to kill all of the Potters. However killing them all would be a waste. If you were to have a child that could one day lay claim to the Potter estate, then not only would Dumbledore lose his financial stability, you would strengthen ours." "You would have me carry the bloodtraitor's bastard my lord?" Bellatrix asked. Her eyes fell to the floor and by the way her voice trembled it was easy to tell that she was afraid. She may be Voldemort's most loyal but she had never questioned him before. "I will happily do whatever you ask, however, in the face of such a demeaning act I must ask. Is there no other way, my lord?" The annoyance and impatience could clearly be seen in The Dark Lord's eyes as he stared her down. "There is no other way or I would have chosen it instead. Do you think me so ignorant as to not choose the most prudent path towards my goal." It was obvious that this wasn't a question. "If your health were not a factor in your coming mission, you would be most severely punished for questioning me. As it is, however, your punishment will have to wait. You're dismissed, let me know of your progress." "Yes, my lord." Bellatrix turned and as she was approaching the door the Dark Lord spoke again. "Oh and Bellatrix, for the child to have a legal claim to the Potter estate, you cannot use any form of magical coercion. If there is any doubt that you might have used magic to make Potter sleep with you against his will, then all rights the child may have to the claim will be forfeit." With his message delivered he turned and left his throne room and adjourned to his private study. Sneaking into Hogwarts was easy enough, this place had more secret passages then the Winchester house. Bellatrix's plan was actually quite simple, what Gryffindor can resist a damsel in distress. Earlier in the day, while wearing a disguise, she planted a note in James Potter's robes as he walked by in the halls. The note had indicated a time and place for him to meet her. Obviously she didn't write who it was from on the note, she just told him to come alone. -X- James Potter was on his way to meet with someone who Sirius was calling his secret admirer. When James was on his way to Transfiguration someone had apparently slipped a note into his robe's pocket. Unfortunately the map still wasn't working correctly and currently said the room was empty. Bellatrix heard footsteps approaching the door and quickly got into character. She cast a weak stinging charm on her eyes to make it look like she had been crying. She set her wand down on the desk nearest the door. If her plan was going to work she would need James to believe that she was harmless and better yet defenseless. Then she sat on the floor up against the far wall. Bellatrix drew her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them. Just as she buried her head in her arms there was a knock at the door. James took a deep breath and knocked on the door. Not hearing anything he knocked again to be sure. Listening closely he heard a weak reply saying 'Come in.' Turning the door knob and pushing the door open slowly he noticed a girl sitting against the far wall away from the door but still in view. She had her head resting on her knees and by the motion of her shoulders she appeared to be crying. "Hello, are you okay? I got a note from someone asking me to meet them here, was that you?" James asked while slowly approaching the girl. "I'm fine and thank you for meeting with me." Bellatrix raised her head from her knees and looked at James. The shock on his face when he recognized her was priceless. "You don't look so happy to see me Potter." She said with a weak laugh. James's wand was in his hands faster than he'd ever drawn before. He was about to stun her when she raised her hands in surrender. "Give me a good reason not to send you to the hospital wing for the night." Bellatrix was surprised at the amount of confidence he had. "Because I need your help." Was all she said. She blinked her eyes to make a few more tears run down her cheeks. "And why would I help you?" His voice just as steady as it was the first time. "All of the people you've hurt, killed. I said a give me a good reason." "Because I'm unarmed. My wand is on the desk to your right." She said trying to sound as scared as possible. "Please just listen to me. I promise if you just give me a few minutes you'll understand." She pleaded. "Fine, you have three minutes before I stun you and call the Aurors. Speak quickly." He pocketed her wand as he said this. "I never did any of what you think I did of my own free will. The Dark Lord's Imperious curse is very strong; almost as strong as his Cruciatus." She sniffled. "I came to ask you for help because you have an in with Dumbledore. If anyone can help me it's him." "You actually think I'll believe that." He sneered. "Yeah sure let me just pop off and get Professor Dumbledore so you can kill him. You'll have to try harder Bella." Sirius had told him how much she hated when he called her that. At his response Bellatrix buried her hatred and put her head back on her knees. When she started sobbing again James started getting uncomfortable. He may have been known as a playboy during his time here at Hogwarts but he never had deal with a crying girl. Usually they just understood that he only really had eyes for Lily and would just leave him alone. "So this is how you would treat a defenseless woman begging you for help. I'm not even asking for much. Just setup a meeting with Dumbledore for me." Now Bellatrix was really turning up the water works. "Please, you have no idea the kind of things they made me do. What they did to me." This she said just quiet enough for him to still be able to her it. "Fine, come on then I'll take you there now. I'm keeping your wand though I'll give it to Professor Dumbledore and he can decided what to do with you." With that he opened the door and stood to the side so she could leave. He kept his wand on her the entire trip do the Headmaster's office. As they reached the office of the Headmaster, James spoke up for the first time since they left the classroom. "I said I'd get you a meeting. That's all I'm promising is to get you in the same room as Professor Dumbledore. After that you're on your own." "Thank you, Potter. I really hope you understand how much you've helped me today." She said with a sad, tear filled smile. James didn't want to admit it but he was starting to believe her. She had displayed more emotion than Sirius said she was capable of. That doesn't mean that he trusted her, just that he started to realize that she could possibly be a victim too. "Skittles." As James spoke the password for Dumbledore's office the staircase started to rise. Once they reached the door at the top of the stairs James knocked three times. "Come in James." They heard Dumbledore say in his cheerful tone. -X- -Three Months Later- Bellatrix was in a very good mood, well as good a mood as she could be, she had finally succeeded. She was one month pregnant with James Potter's child. Now all she had to do was convince him to acknowledge the child as his own. He would still be a bastard but if James set up a trust fund it would, in the eyes of the Ministry, make the child a Potter by right of inheritance. James was on his way to see Bellatrix as he had every night for the last month. He was still in love with Lily but Bellatrix actually responded to his advances and not in a negative way. He was able to get away with his frequent visits by telling his friends that headmaster Dumbledore had told him to keep an eye on her. Hearing a confident knock at her door Bellatrix put on a serious face. Casting a slight stinging hex on her eyes she answered the door. Right away James could tell something was wrong. "Bella, what's wrong?" Obvious concern in his voice as he moved into her suite. "James we have to talk." She lead him over to the couch in her suites common room. "What is it? I don't remember doing anything wrong." He was worried that he had hurt Bellatrix in some way without knowing it. "It's not something you did. It's more like something 'we' did." He looked at her slightly relieved yet confused. "I'm pregnant." She finally let the tears escape her eyes fall down her cheeks. His eyes widened and his face paled as he just stared at her. "James, say something, please." She turned sideways and leaned against the arm rest while pulling her knees to her chest. James didn't know what to think, he wasn't ready to be a father, he was barely seventeen. More than anything he was afraid of what his mother would do to him when she found out. "I don't know what to say." He felt as if he might be sick. "What are we going to do?" "I've already thought it out. We tell no one, eventually I will have to tell everyone that I don't know who the father is." She was talking slowly and looking him in the eye. "The real problem is