A Day Off A/N: I'm not sure where this one came from; as it is May right now, not the middle of winter. Besides, I live in England so we never get any snow anyway. But I was feeling a bit stressed out and irritated over something, and so decided to write a fanfic that is more cheerful. Disclaimer: Could I say the snow belongs to me? Probably not. *sigh* It all belongs to the wonderful Tolkien. The curtains were flung back with an almighty swoosh and Aragorn rolled over, blinking in the white light now streaming through the window. A slim figure was silhouetted in the light. Aragorn groaned. "What are you doing Legolas?" he muttered. "It is early. It is cold. Shut the curtains and let me sleep." "Not a chance" said Legolas, grinning broadly. "Come on, get up and get dressed." Aragorn groaned even louder. "Wait until I tell Arwen about this." Because Arwen was now heavily pregnant and prone to getting up in the middle of the night to get snacks, Aragorn was now sleeping in their antechamber. Legolas chuckled. "Oh, I was hoping you would say that. Arwen has actually given me permission to drag your lazy self out of bed this morning!" Aragorn groaned again. "She is pregnant, she is not in her right mind…" "I am perfectly sane, thank you very much!" came a muffled voice from the bedroom. Legolas grinned again. "Would you like to argue against your wife?" he asked. Aragorn sighed and Legolas' grin widened. "I thought not." He had moved over to the dresser and was pulling clothes out of it when the door swung open. Aragorn rolled his eyes as the two beings stepped in. "I should have known." Elladan grinned. "Known what, brother dear?" "That you were in on this." Legolas threw a tunic and leggings at Aragorn and he reluctantly began to pull them on. "What do you want to do now?" Elladan, Elrohir and Legolas exchanged glances. "It's a surprise" said Elrohir quickly. "Brilliant" muttered Aragorn. "Aragorn?" asked Legolas. Aragorn looked up. The elf was standing in the middle of the room, a boot dangling in his hand. "Where is your other boot?" "I don't know, do I?" cried Aragorn. "Probably in that pile over there." Elladan wrinkled his nose as he stepped towards it. "You mean the pile of dirty, unwashed tunics and robes? Brother, you can go searching for his boot in there." Elrohir shook his head. "After you, Elladan" he said, stepping back. "Ai Valar Aragorn, is your room always this messy?" "It's because Arwen is in the other room now" said Legolas, still hunting for the missing boot. "He won't get shouted at as much if he leaves clothes on the floor." He sighed in apparent despair. "And here I was, thinking we had finally convinced you to stay clean." Aragorn didn't even bother replying, just lay down on his bed with a sigh. Nobody wanted three elves in their room at the crack of dawn. He looked up to see Legolas on his hands and knees, peering under his bed. "What are you doing?" he asked. "Looking for your boot!" replied Legolas. "It's your own boot, you could at least help!" Aragorn sighed. "First you drag me out of bed, and now you want me to help you find a boot? You're asking too much, mellon-nin ." A mutter came from under the bed, followed by a cry. "I found it!" said Legolas, coming out and holding up a boot in his hand. He chucked it at Aragorn. "Put it on." "Where are Elrohir and Elladan?" asked Aragorn as he struggled to put on his boots. "Saying hello to Arwen" replied Legolas. He looked down at Aragorn's attempts to put on his boots and sighed. "It's the other way round." "What? Oh." Aragorn switched the boots over. At that point there came a thump from the bedroom and a moment later Elladan and Elrohir appeared, shutting the door behind them. Legolas raised an eyebrow. "What have you done now?" "Nothing!" said Elrohir. "Arwen is just…tired, that is all." "What did she say?" "Uh, she wondered why it was taking so long for three elves to dress one human." Legolas sighed. "Did you say we were trying to dress Aragorn?" "Yes. She didn't think it was very funny." "She threw a pillow at us." Aragorn gave a bark of laughter and three pairs of eyes turned to look at him. He paused. "I didn't find anything funny at all" he said. "Absolutely nothing. Nope, nothing whatsoever." "Good" said Elladan. "Now are you ready yet? Honestly, it's almost as bad as when you were a child." "Aye, but now he will at least wear clothes" said Elrohir. Legolas snorted. "Really?" Elladan grimaced. "You did not have to deal with him when it was bath time, mellon-nin . You have no idea how messy he could get." "Do you remember the time he went 'mud swimming'?" asked Elrohir. Legolas snorted with laughter and Elladan grinned. "Aye I do. He was five?" "Six" said Elrohir. "Or wait, maybe that was the other time when he-" "Alright enough!" cried Aragorn. "I am ready. We can go. Both of you" he said, glaring at the twins, "can shut up with the stories." He turned towards the door. "Wait a moment!" Legolas turned and darted back to the cupboard. He flung it open and proceeded to pull out tunics and robes. Aragorn sighed as they covered the floor. He would have to tidy that up later. "Aha!" Legolas pulled out Aragorn's old ranger's coat and held it out. "Put it on" he said. "And these." He pulled a pair of gloves from his belt. "We can't have you getting cold." "Cold?" asked Aragorn, pulling on the coat and gloves. "Why would you be worried about me getting cold?" He glanced out the window, and his eyes suddenly widened in realisation. "Oh no" he said, backing away from the three elves who now had dangerous glints in their eyes. "Oh no. No you don't." He felt the door behind him, and spun around. Pushing the door open, Aragorn ran for it, sprinting down the corridor. He had barely gotten a few yards when something heavy knocked into him and he was brought down to the ground with a thump. He was flipped over to find Legolas sitting on top of him. "You tackled me" he said in surprise. Legolas grinned. "Like I haven't before?" "I could call the guards on you" threatened Aragorn. Legolas shrugged. "They won't come. They know what is happening." Aragorn squirmed, trying to get out from underneath Legolas, but the elf simply laughed. "Come on" he said. He got up and offered a hand to Aragorn, who took it suspiciously. Legolas hauled Aragorn to his feet, but as soon as Aragorn was upright he ducked and flipped Aragorn over his shoulder. Aragorn shouted in surprise. "Let me down!" he cried. Elladan crouched down so Aragorn, upside down over Legolas' shoulder, could see him. "Not a chance, little brother" he said with a grin. "This is going to be so much fun." "Legolas, if you don't let me down this instant, I will…I will…" "Aye Aragorn, what will you do?" "I will write to Thranduil and explain exactly where the three of you were on that Midsummer's eve in the Watchful Peace, and the precise reason why Legolas bruised his face." "You wouldn't." "I most certainly would" replied Aragorn. "Put me down!" Legolas laughed. "If those are the threats we are making, I will let Faramir know precisely where you were when you were 'too ill' to hold council with the men from Belfalas." "You are pure evil, you know that, don't you?" Legolas chuckled as they walked down the corridor. "I try, Aragorn, I try." They came to the great doors opening out to the courtyard of Minas Tirith, and Elladan and Elrohir pulled them open whilst Legolas walked through. Aragorn squirmed even more. "Put me down Legolas!" "Be careful" said Legolas, walking sedately across the courtyard. "All this squirming may make me drop you." He saw Elladan pointing and changed direction. Aragorn was too busy inventing new swearwords to notice the ground beneath him. "Legolas, put me down right now! I am the King!" "And I am a Prince and a Lord" replied Legolas. "And, incidentally, I am also heir to a throne." Aragorn muttered something putting the marital status of Legolas' parents in a dubious light and Elladan and Elrohir broke down in peals of laughter. "Careful" said Legolas. "You wouldn't want my father hearing that." "I will say it to your father myself, and blame you!" cried Aragorn. "Unless you put me down this instant!" Legolas sighed. "I suppose I have no choice, do I?" He heaved Aragorn over his shoulder and dumped him on the ground. Aragorn had time for a brief smile of triumph… Before he sank into two and a half feet of snow. He rose spluttering to see Legolas, Elrohir and Elladan in gales of laughter. Being elves, they stood lightly on top of the snow. Aragorn could see the guards of the citadel around the White Tree. It looked like a few of them were desperately biting their lips. "You are dead" he growled, rising to his feet. "You are all so dead." He stooped quickly and grabbed a handful of snow. Packing it into a ball, he hurled it at Legolas. It hit the elf on the shoulder and Legolas glared. "That is it. You are in for it, human." "Oh really?" asked Aragorn. He gathered another ball of snow and threw it, this time at Elladan. It his him in the face and Aragorn laughed. "Do you really want to fight?" Legolas ducked down as another snowball sailed over his head. "Do you?" "Bring it on" said Aragorn. In the next instant the air was filled with snowballs. Aragorn sank into the snow as he tried to run to higher ground. He stooped and scooped up another handful. Light footsteps came from behind him. At the last moment he ducked and twisted, hurling the snowball at Legolas. Legolas dived to the floor and it sailed over his head, but before he could get up Aragorn leapt and pounced on him, forcing him down into the snow. "Still able to walk on snow now, elf?" he asked. Legolas grinned, and Aragorn realised someone was behind him just before a pile of snow was thrust down his back. He yelped in surprise and fell back, landing in yet more snow. Elladan looked down on him. "Dignified" he said. His grin disappeared as Aragorn began to shovel snow at him with his hands, not even bothering to pack it into balls. Elladan stumbled backwards as Elrohir and Legolas began to pelt snowballs at Aragorn. One hit him in the face and Aragorn cursed, shaking the powder out of his hair. "That is it!" he cried. He packed snow together to make a massive snowball and hurled it with all his might at Elladan. At the last minute, Elladan grabbed hold of Legolas and pulled him in front so the huge snowball hit Legolas squarely in the chest. Legolas shouted in annoyance. "I'm on your team Elladan!" he cried. "You don't sacrifice team members!" "When it is them or you and a massive snowball is heading for your face, then you do" replied Elladan with a grin. "No hard feelings?" Legolas frowned. "None at all" he said. Something in his tone made the twins and Aragorn pause. Legolas bent down and scooped up a handful of snow. Elladan watched him warily. "Legolas…?" Legolas smiled. "No hard feelings, Elladan?" The snowball hit Elladan on his chin and exploded, sending powder all the way down his tunic. Elladan yelped in surprise. "We are on the same team!" "Not anymore" said Legolas. He marched over to where Aragorn was sitting in