Coming Home A/N: This idea has been playing around in my head for a long time. Then I finally decided to put it on paper, and wrote my first ever fanfiction! I came back to it a month or two later and decided it didn't seem finished, so increased the story by a bit. I am now fascinated with the relationship between Legolas and Thranduil, as we see so little of it in the books, and none in the movies. What Legolas goes through (not much angst I think) later on in the fic is not me thinking he is at all weak. I just feel like no-one would come away from a war, especially that war, without some sort of scars, even if he is an elf. Disclaimer: I am not a man, nor will I ever be as brilliant as Tolkein was. I also don't smoke a pipe. So, as much as I would like it, they are not mine. *sniffs* 0-o-0-o-0 Roads go ever on and on, Over rock and under tree, By caves where never sun has shone, By streams that never find the sea; Over snow by winter sown, And through the merry flowers of June, Over grass and over stone, And under mountains in the moon. 0-o-0-o-0 The trees finally came into view as the grey horse rounded the path. The two riders, one sitting behind the other, exchanged looks of relief. They were nearing the end of their journey. Legolas pushed Arod onwards, eager to reach the trees of his homeland. Behind him, Gimli grumbled quietly, complaining at the amount of riding the friends had done in the past few days. Legolas reined Arod in next to the trees marking the path through Mirkwood, or Eryn Lasgalen, as it was now known. He turned around, and smiled at Gimli. "We are nearly there, my friend" he said softly, smiling at the glowering dwarf behind him. "We only have to cross through Mirkwood without my father finding us." Legolas looked back at the trees. Deep inside him, he knew that he should not be here. He had heard the gulls cry. He should be on the Sea. Legolas took a deep breath, quashing the thoughts. He would not allow himself to feel that way. Not now, not when he was so close to home. Gimli's frown deepened as he felt Legolas sigh. "Why must we go to all these lengths?" he asked. "It is hardly necessary to hide me from your father, King of Mirkwood or not." Legolas chuckled, a comforting sound to the dwarf. Gimli knew the strain that the War had caused to everyone. "If you knew my father" Legolas said. "You would know the reason for all of this secrecy. It would be far better for me to explain who you were, without having you in his halls at the time." Gimli grunted, accepting the Elf's statements. "Well then" he said gruffly. "We better get going then, Laddie." We will take the Southern paths through the forest. I know tracks that will not cross with any patrols. But we must hurry, mellon-nin." He spurred Arod forwards, through a gap in the trees that, to Gimli's knowledge, had not been there earlier. 0-o-0-o-0 Arod trotted down the path, eyeing the trees nervously. The trees themselves seemed to be shaking slightly, trembling. Legolas leaned forwards and whispered to Arod. " Sidh, mellon-nin ." Arod snorted and relaxed. Gimli glanced around, fearful. "Legolas…" he said nervously. When the elf didn't answer, he tried again. "Legolas!" Legolas turned around, grinning at Gimli's worried face. "What is troubling you?" he asked teasingly. "It is unlike a dwarf to be scared." Gimli glanced around at the trees, surrounding them so closely that he could not see the forest floor a few metres away. "The trees" he whispered. "They are shaking." Legolas laughed again. "Of course they are" he said. "The trees are happy." Gimli ran this through in his head. "The. Trees. Are. Happy." He said slowly. He shook his head. "Laddie, you do come out with some ridiculous ideas." Legolas grinned. "Can you not feel it?" he asked. "The forest is lighter, the air cleaner. Eryn Lasgalen is rejoicing." Gimli rolled his eyes. "Even an arrogant elven princeling cannot believe that the trees are happy to see you." Legolas gave no answer, trying to contain a shout of laughter. He looked around, working out where they were in the forest. "Come" he said. "We have a night's ride ahead of us, if Arod will consent." With that, Arod sped off down the path, leaving the dwarf hanging off the back of him, and the elf with a broad grin across his face. 0-o-0-o-0 The sun rose slowly above the trees, filtering down between closely interwoven branches, and casting a greenish light onto the floor of the path. Gimli lay, deep in sleep. Legolas, however, was pacing up and down the path, his head ringing. He looked around at the trees, horrified that he suddenly found much less joy in them. The sea-longing was strong this morning. Legolas sighed, and placed his palms against a young beech. He tried to find the song of Arda that all trees carried deep within them, but he could only compare the song to the sea. Legolas pushed off the tree, and crouched down next to Gimli. " Mellon-nin" he said softly. "Time to go." Gimli sat up, and saw the tiredness in the elf's eyes. Rather than argue with Legolas, who, when tired, was never in the best of moods, he got up and collected the cloak he had been sleeping on. Legolas sprung onto the horse in front of Gimli, and spurred Arod forwards. They cantered down the path. 0-o-0-o-0 A slight breeze blew back the braids in the elf's hair. He pushed Arod forwards, now eager to reach the borders of the forest. Finally, they passed the final trees and stopped, weary from the hard ride and the little rest they had both had. Legolas slid off of Arod, and helped Gimli down. For once, the dwarf did not grumble. They both stood together, facing the Lonely Mountain. Neither of them were willing to say goodbye. Gimli cleared his throat, and spoke first. "Well laddie, I expect this is it." he said. "We must return to our own homes now." Legolas looked down at Gimli, smiling. "It will not be long" he muttered. "We must return to Aragorn with the help we promised." He looked south, towards the White Mountains and the far citadel of Minas Tirith. "Together we will see Aragorn make this land great once more." Gimli glanced up. "And you will stay around to see this happen?" he asked, the meaning clear to his dear friend. Legolas sighed. "I cannot leave Middle Earth." He said. "Not whilst those that I love still dwell here." He placed a comforting hand on Gimli's shoulder. "Fear not" he said. "We will meet again soon." Gimli nodded, and looked out across the horizon. Again, neither of the two friends were willing to leave, to finally part after they had been through so much together. Gimli reached up, and squeezed Legolas' hand where is rested on his shoulder. Legolas sighed. "Is it over?" he asked Gimli, a hint of trepidation in his voice. "Has it all really finished?" Gimli looked up at his friend. "Aye" he said slowly. "It is done." The two friends stood there, watching the sun go down behind the Lonely Mountain, sparking off of the Long Lake. For a while neither of them spoke, savouring the last moments that they would be together, at least for a while. At last Legolas sighed, looking down at Gimli. His eyes twinkled as the last rays of the sun caught them. "Thank you for everything Gimli " he said softly. "I am glad to have known you." Gimli grunted. He was not one for farewells. "The same to you," he said gruffly. "I never thought I would return home standing side by side with an elf." Legolas smiled as he looked down on the stout figure. The words his friend had spoken as they had stood before their seemingly inevitable doom rang in his head. "How about side by side with a friend?" "Aye" said Gimli. "Aye, I can do that." 0-o-0-o-0 Darkness started to fall in the forest as Arod trotted wearily through the trees, stumbling occasionally. Legolas leaned forwards, and stroked his neck. "Not far now, mellon-nin" he said. He could have found his way to the palace through the trees, but right now, he was far too weary. The strength he had found over the last year, the strength to continue, night after night against overwhelming odds was fading, and he drooped on Arod's back. He stumbled again, jarring Legolas. He blinked, and pushed himself upright. It would not do to fall asleep in the forest, even if it was far safer than before. He had to get back to the palace. He had to seehis father again. 0-o-0-o-0 Thranduil sat in his study, sighing as he read through the negotiations from Lake Town. He looked out the window, inwardly groaning as he saw that it was nearly pitch black outside. Everyone else in the palace was asleep, walking through the land of elven dreams, but he had stayed up late again. Recently he had not been able to sleep, constantly tossing and turning whenever he tried. Over the past few months his duties as a king had prevented him from fretting about Legolas, but now Sauron had fallen, the daily duties didn't keep him occupied enough. Now he had no armies to organise, now there were no Orcs to fight off, he had plenty more time to think. Therefore, he stayed awake, re-reading any pieces of paper that came across his desk. His head buried in paperwork, Thranduil didn't look up when there was a soft knock on the door. It was probably another of his advisors, telling him yet again to get more sleep. He sighed. "Come" he said, still not looking up. The door creaked open, and Thranduil could hear the soft tread of an elf approach his chair. He turned his head, saw dusty leather boots, and frowned. None of his advisors wore anything like that. His gaze travelled up, past the travel-stained cloak, the dusty tunic and the quiver strapped to the back. Past the bow, loose in the hand, and the silver-veined leaf brooch clasping the cloak together at the throat. The figure threw back his hood, and the light glinted off his golden hair. The piercing silver eyes looked at the floor as the elf dropped to one knee, putting out a hand to balance himself in his weariness. " Adar" the elf whispered. Thranduil gazed in shock. " Ion?" Legolas nodded slowly. He blinked, trying to stop the tears now forming in his eyes from running down his cheeks. Thranduil stepped forwards, reaching out for Legolas' arm and pulled him to his feet. Legolas swayed slightly, and leaned on Thranduil's arm for support. Thranduil looked at him with a concerned look on his face, and reached out, gently touching his cheek. The silver eyes of Legolas drew up, and met with those of his father. Their gaze held. Thranduil pulled Legolas forwards, crushing him in his arms as he held his son tightly. He rocked him gently back and forth, feeling Legolas' arms tightening around him. Thranduil pulled him even closer as Legolas buried his face into his father's shoulder, tears running down both of their cheeks. Thranduil sighed. "Ai, ion-nin " he said softly. Legolas breathed out, leaning into his father from weariness. "I am home, Adar " he murmured, his voice thick. "I am home." 0-o-0-o-0 Eventually, Thranduil pulled back from the embrace, clasping his son's shoulders. "It is late" he said. "Are you rested?" Legolas shook his head slightly, sighing deeply. A frown crossed Thranduil's