Perhaps the Greater Originally, this was going to be another chapter in the Chapters of Mirkwood story, but it became a lot more to me, and I felt that I had to publish it on its own. I recently lost a close friend of mine, my old riding instructor and mentor, Helen. She died a few weeks ago, from terminal cancer, and though we knew it was coming it was still awful. This oneshot was mostly written by then, but I changed a few things afterwards. This is upsetting, and tragic, and at points I felt like a horrible person writing this, but close to all character development comes from a point of trauma. Unfortunately, these things would have, and do, occur in Middle Earth, and they do in real life as well. It is tragic, and I would warn anyone who has lost someone close to them to be careful reading this, but there is hope at the end. At least, that is how I have written it. This is a major part of the backstory for Belhadron, my OC elf and Legolas' second in command in my universe. A few people have asked for this, and so here it is- the tragic backstory I have mentioned to quite a few people. This is sort of an explanation of quite a bit of Belhadron's character, especially why he can be protective over Legolas. I have more oneshots planned involving him, and at the moment am working on my next longer story- a canonic version of the Battle of the Five Armies from the point of view of the elves (mostly). I go on holiday tomorrow to the US, but I will not be able to access the internet for about two weeks from tomorrow evening- if you review before then, I will see it and reply, but otherwise it may take me a little while. And it might take me some time before the next big story is ready, as although it is summer, I have school work and research projects I need to complete, along with driving lessons and a horse to ride. But as I have mentioned before, I am usually on this website at least every day, so if you want to drop by and chat, feel free. Again, a reminder that this will be sad. But I will still say for you to enjoy it, if not in the usual sense of enjoyment. I hope you find something in it, whatever that may be. The title comes from a quote from Lord of the Rings, that Haldir says in The Fellowship of the Ring. If you do not recognise it, the full quote is at the end of the story. Disclaimer: Belhadron and Amdar belong to me. All other characters, or the world they live in, are the property of the wonderful J.R.R. Tolkien. 0-o-0-o-0 The first inclination that something had gone wrong was the hurried knock on the door before it swung open, the elf behind not even waiting for his answer. Legolas looked up from his desk, and any doubt that something had not happened was dispelled by the look on the elf's face as he stood in the doorway. "What is it?" he asked, setting down the quill he had barely used in the past half hour, and rising from his chair. "A hunting party just made it back to the stronghold," said the elf, and Legolas noticed the grief etched onto his face. The elf continued. "They were attacked just south of the elf path by orcs." Legolas stepped around his desk and motioned for the elf to continue as he hurried down the wide hall. "Have the orcs been sent back into the south?" The elf shrugged slightly. "Possibly. We're not sure. But the party brought back injured." His voice, if possible, became even more inflected with grief. "We have one elf not expected to make it. They do not even dare move him from the clearing outside the gate." Legolas cursed under his breath and sped up, reaching a swift jog through the stronghold, the other elf by his side. He keenly felt the lack of a quiver on his back, as he had left it hanging on the back of his chair in his study. He shouldn't need it, but still it was missed. Legolas briefly stopped a soldier moving in the same direction as them. "Find my second, Belhadron, and send him to the gates. He should be on the practice fields with the novices." The elf nodded, and hurriedly changed direction. Legolas and the other elf continued down the corridors. "Do we know anything else?" asked Legolas, quickly turning a corner and finally nearing the gates. The elf beside him shook his head. "I came for all of the captains as soon as the party arrived. You were the furthest away, so I have not heard anything new." Already the other captains had probably reached the gates and the clearing outside, over the bridge spanning the Forest River. The tension could be felt seeping through the air, sinking into the stone walls, as they neared the gates. The feeling was becoming more similar, whether it was the prelude to an attack deep out in the forests, or yet another patrol dragging themselves back to the stronghold after spiders or orcs or any other manner of creature that wished elves ill in these woods attacked. Mirkwood was becoming darker, becoming the name that men had chosen to give it when the darkness first reached out from Dol Guldur. And though Legolas had always been a warrior, had had a bow pressed into his hands from the first moment he could wield it, he was now watching their army swell. More patrols were beginning to be needed, more elves to hold back the shadows, to protect their realm. From what Legolas had gathered, from councils and his father's brief words in private, this was most likely to only be the beginning. Nobody stated it outright, nobody said it, but then nobody needed to, when the forests said it for them. His father was worried. That Legolas knew, that he saw in the moments where they were alone and merely father and son. Thranduil did not say as such. He was King, after all, and the instinct to remain unmoved at all times ran deep, so that the realm could be upheld. But even with the centuries of practice that Thranduil had had at hiding just what he feared, he could not fully hide the worry from his son. Legolas reached the gates with the other elf, and cursed under his breath. Many warriors were gathered in the clearing across the bridge. At the centre was the hunting party, distinguished by their weary, haggard faces, and the blood that coated some of them. Some of them were on the ground, with healers crouched over them. Elves, dressed in greens and browns with weapons at their sides, stood amongst them, some conferring with drawn faces, some lending support to the weary but unharmed members of the hunting party, and some merely standing there with blank gazes. Legolas moved through the small crowd that was slowly dispersing as the wounded were beginning to be moved away. A group of healers were gathered, exchanging frantic words over one elf motionless on the ground, and Legolas supposed that he was the most grievously injured. He reached the other captains, but before they were able to even open their mouths in greetings, something changed. It was as if something had bled out of the air around them, wrapping around their throats. The colour around them dimmed whilst remaining exactly the same, and Legolas turned with everyone else to where the healers were beginning to sit back, defeated. The elf had died. He recognised the feeling in the air, the weariness permeating every elf, and Legolas found himself walking forwards. The other captains and himself moved towards the healers and the prone body on the ground. One of the healers stood, and met them before they reached the elf. His face was drawn. "There was nothing we could have done," he said softly. "It was unlikely he would have survived the wounds that he received." He bowed slightly. "If you will excuse me, my Lords, there are others that I am still able to help." Legolas and the other captains nodded, and the healer, wiping the blood from his hands, moved off. Slowly the others around the fallen elf moved away also, and the captains stepped forwards towards the prone body on the floor. One of the healers shifted, revealing the face of the elf, and Legolas suddenly stopped. " Hir-nin ?" asked one of the other captains, coming to stand at Legolas' side as he stood there, unmoving. She followed his gaze to the elf's face. "Do you know him?" she asked. Legolas found breath in his throat, and nodded. "Someone find Belhadron and keep him away from here," he said, moving forwards and coming to a crouch beside the body. The elf, dressed in simple greens and browns, was still warm, but blood was smeared across his face and torso from deep wounds to his chest and head. His dark hair, matted with blood, had fanned out around his pale face. Someone had closed his eyes. Legolas could hear movement behind him, and then someone stepped forwards with a sheet and gently laid it over the body, leaving it so only his face was uncovered. " Hir-nin ?" asked a captain once more. "You know him?" Legolas nodded once more. "He is Belhadron's younger brother," he said, his voice surprisingly detached. "Amdar." A hush spread around the clearing, as if knowing the elf's name, who he was to someone else, made it all the more worse. It seemed selfish, that not knowing who had died made it easier, but to dwell too much on such things as names, when more elves were coming back wounded or not at all, was to break. But this time Legolas knew him, knew what he meant to someone else that he cared for, and it was not as easy to become detached. He cleared his throat, remaining silent for a few seconds, and then stood. "I need to find Belhadron before he sees this," he said to one of the other captains. "Can you-" "We will deal with this," said the captain. "Other than…Amdar, there is nothing too serious. Go and find his brother." Legolas nodded his thanks, and turned to go and quickly find Belhadron. But he had only made it a few steps before he looked up, and saw the familiar shape of his second already hurriedly crossing the bridge. Legolas hurried forwards, pushing through the warriors and healers still remaining in the clearing to reach Belhadron as he came onto the edge of the clearing. Glancing briefly behind him, he saw the captains and healers had formed a loose wall between Admar and Belhadron. Legolas stopped Belhadron with one hand to the elf's chest. " Mellon-nin ," he said softly. "Just…stop for a moment." Belhadron came to a halt, looking bemusedly at Legolas. "What is it?" he asked. "What needs doing?" His eyes flitted around the clearing, and Legolas saw the moment that he noticed the covered body, and those still injured in the clearing. His eyes narrowed, and he looked back to Legolas. "What has happened?" His voice was cautionary, but nothing more, and Legolas briefly wondered how exactly he was going to say this. "Belhadron," he said. "The hunting party was attacked, and…" Belhadron's eyes darkened. "Who is it?" he asked. "Who has died?" Legolas held Belhadron's gaze steady as he answered. "Amdar," he replied. "Belhadron, I'm sorry, but Amdar is dead." Belhadron was silent, and then he pushed roughly past Legolas, marching forwards towards the loose group that had gathered around the elf's body. Legolas spun on one heel and followed