Demons A/N: I'm not really sure where this one came from, but I find the character of Glorfindel simply fascinating, and really could be a very tragic character. For those that haven't read the Silmarillion, this will not make as much sense as it would if you have read the book, but from reading this you can probably pick up on what happened to Glorfindel, and either way it is full of angst. However, this may not be suited for the more squeamish readers- Glorfindel's memory is very good when it comes to remembering what happened to him. This has been inspired in large parts by the song Demons by Imagine Dragons, and a small part has been inspired by Supernatural, when Dean tells Sam about Hell, in the episode Heaven and Hell, 4x10. Yes, I am a Supernatural fan as well :) Reviews are, as always, very, very welcome. I am sorry this has been a little while in coming- the other, long fanfic I am working on, the one that you had a sneak peek of at the end of Just a Friend, is taking its time, and I recently starting working 7-5, Monday to Friday, meaning I have very little time, and am utterly exhausted. I am currently half way through, approximately, and it will hopefully be finished within 2 weeks (no promises though). Until then, there is nothing else I will publish. I promise, though, that it will be finished and published at some point. Disclaimer: It all belongs to the wonderful Tolkien. I would not presume to own any of it. 0-o-0-o-0 It was so dark. The clouds were heaving in the night sky, broiling from the east in masses of black shadows. It was hot; he had taken off his long, formal robes and flung them over the balcony, now dressed in his hunting tunic and leggings. There was a knife at his belt, as usual. He was so tired. It had been a few long days of endless patrols and fighting. A human village nearby had been burnt by orcs, though luckily they had been there in time to save any inside the burning huts. He shivered, despite the heat. He could remember the flames licking at the small huts, and then suddenly the image in his mind's eye flickered and he was standing on a ledge, looking down on the city as it burned to the ground, the bright flames springing up amidst the black. On that day, people had burned. He shook his head, trying to clear the images. He could not do this. Not today. There was the sound of soft footfalls behind him, but he didn't turn from his position leaning on the balcony, looking out over the gardens of Imladris. "Glorfindel," said the voice in greetings as the other elf leant of the balcony next to him. "Elrond," he said back quietly. "The night is cold," murmured Elrond. Glorfindel shook his head. "Nay, can you not feel the heat?" he said softly. "It is hot, like the midst of summer. The air is thick." Elrond looked at him with his eyes narrowed, but said nothing of it. "I have had word from Thranduil," he said. "Aye?" asked Glorfindel, looking over at Elrond. "What does he say?" "He confirms it," said Elrond. "The Watchful Peace has come to an even bloodier end in Mirkwood, mellon-nin . He writes saying how orcs are constantly attacking their borders, and they are being pushed slowly back. The shadows are lengthening under the trees, though Thranduil and his captains are doing everything they can. They have lost a fair few elves in the battles in the south. Eventually they had to pull back from the southern woods, abandoning the areas surrounding the mountains. The loss was too great for Thranduil to risk it. Even now he has lost two senior captains in the south." Glorfindel stirred. "What of Legolas?" he asked. Thranduil's son had visited Imladris a few times, and was close friends with Elladan and Elrohir. "Does Thranduil write of him?" "He does," said Elrond. "Legolas has taken injuries, but most of the elves have in the vicious fighting. Thranduil writes that his son is stretching himself as far as he will go, trying to be at every point of fighting at once. He is leading patrols constantly along the borders, drawing up defense plans on the spot with the other captains. Now they have a smaller border to hold, it is manageable, but still the orcs are testing all their defenses. On the rare occasion Legolas makes it back to the stronghold without being intercepted by a messenger asking for aid, Thranduil has to threaten him, apparently, to make him stay and eat and sleep, to talk to the council. At one point during a brief lull in the fighting, Thranduil had to literally lock Legolas in his room, and then stay in there, to ensure he would sleep and not leave to try and do something else. They are all stretched to the breaking point." Elrond sighed. "Elladan and Elrohir want to ride out to aid him, but I am hesitant about letting them leave. They are needed here. The attacks will only get worse. The burning of the village will not stand alone. More is coming. Besides," he said with a sigh. "The mountain pass will not be as safe as it was." Glorfindel nodded. "So the Watchful Peace is truly over," he murmured. "We were fools to think it would last." Elrond sighed. "We were," he said. "Apparently swathes of the southern parts of Mirkwood have been burnt as well. Whether this is some plan of the Necromancer, or just mindless destruction, Thranduil does not know. So far, the fire has not reached any settlements or entered their borders." Glorfindel struggled to calm himself down slightly after hearing the word burnt . For a moment all that he could see was a flaming whip high above his head, and fires springing up about his feet. He was jolted back to the present by Elrond speaking, and desperately listened. "-what to do," said Elrond. "This time, it may be folly to try and drive the darkness out of Mirkwood. Last time Mithrandir only just managed it, and Thranduil says that he has returned in even greater strength than before." "We cannot do anything, then," said Glorfindel bitterly. "We will have to watch as it all burns." Elrond looked over at Glorfindel, his brow furrowed at Glorfindel's tight expression on his face. But before he could ask anything, Glorfindel looked over at him. "It is so dark," he said bitterly. "So very dark tonight." "Come inside then," said Elrond. "And leave this darkened balcony. There is a fire in the hearth inside." Glorfindel shook his head. "Not tonight, Elrond," he said as the images of flames roaring over the mountains suddenly flashed in his head. "I am fine out here." " Mellon-nin, " said Elrond softly. "At least come inside. It may be dark out here, but it is lighter in the hall." Glorfindel sighed, desperately wishing that this wasn't happening tonight. "If you wish," he said, straightening up from the balcony. He sighed softly, turning and walking back into the Hall of Fire. Elrond followed him. Inside many elves were mingling, some singing softly, others talking quietly to those around them. It was quiet- the impending darkness had dampened the sprits of those in here. Glorfindel looked around the room, his gaze deliberately avoiding the large fire burning at one end of the hall. A group of men sat in the corner, speaking amongst themselves. Glorfindel was surprised not to see Elladan and Elrohir there, for these men were the Dunedain that they so often rode out with. But Elladan and Elrohir were probably elsewhere, trying to work out how to persuade Elrond to let them go to Mirkwood and aid Legolas. The older Dunedain were entertaining a few of the younger men with them with stories, and Glorfindel half listened as he leant against the wall, Elrond beside him. His gaze flitted to the fire in the hearth, and suddenly he felt like his eyes would not move from the flames as they spat and flickered, entrancing. Yet he knew fire too well to ever be entranced by it. And then suddenly he saw the flames again, the flames as the city had fallen. He saw the Courtyard of the King, lit up in red and orange as the orcs swarmed amongst the elves, hewing down anyone in their path. He saw the way the flames made the blood glint and shine, turning it silver and crimson at the same time. He saw it , come over the mountains towards him, the flames leaping high around it. And with a start, he pulled himself from those memories. He sighed softly, and Elrond looked over at him with concern. But Glorfindel did not notice, for he had heard something in the conversation between the elves and the Dunedain that made him stiffen, listening carefully. "-and so Lord Glorfindel climbed without fear to meet his foe. The flames leapt up around him, and below the escaped elves of Gondolin, now in ashes behind them, screamed aloud, but he kept climbing, up and up, until he reached it." One of the younger men was leant forwards, his eyes wide. It was probably his first time in Imladris. "Met what?" he asked in a whisper. "A Balrog, a demon of Morgoth," said one of the older men. "And Glorfindel showed no fear as he faced it, standing upon the brink…" Glorfindel could not stop listening as he stood frozen in the hall. They were wrong! They were so very wrong. Elrond, looking over and seeing the stiffness in his body and his friend's wide eyes, placed a hand on Glorfindel's shoulder. " Mellon-nin ?" he asked softly. "What is it?" Glorfindel shook his head. "Not tonight," he murmured, as if to himself. "Ai Valar, not tonight!" He shook free of Elrond's grip and, managing to maintain his composure, walked quickly across the room and out of the hall. He passed the fire burning brightly in the hearth, and for a brief moment he wasn't in the hall but was standing in a falling city, and the fire in the hearth was now the fire of a burning tower high above him as he fought. Shaking his head slightly, he made it out into the hallway and picked a direction randomly, letting his feet take over as his mind screamed at him to shut it out, to shut it out and to keep quiet and not let it in, because it was all too much tonight. But it was too late because he had let it in and he could see it now and he could see… Glorfindel drew in a deep breath as he walked swiftly down the corridor, his feet taking him to his own chambers. He couldn't let it in! He couldn't see it all again. Not again. He had already died once. He reached his chambers and the door flew open, swinging back and hitting the wall with a resounding crack. But Glorfindel didn't notice, for there was a fire burning in his hearth, and all he could see was the fire and the flames that licked the charred wood, and he could see… The door swung back to close behind him as Glorfindel moved into his room, his lips parted in an effort to catch his breath. The flames seemed to grow higher, and the room was lit up in red and orange, and it was just like in Gondolin, when those houses had burned, when the people had burned, when his home had been razed to the ground and his King and all he had known were killed. A sudden rage filled him and Glorfindel grabbed an earthen vase from the side of his bed and threw