Warm the Winter's Night Happy New Year! I wrote this about a week ago, but was waiting for tonight to publish it. A fair bit has happened since I last published something. The trailer for Captain America: Civil War was released and I screamed at my laptop a lot (BUCKY!), my horse threw me off because he's a little excited with the weather and everything- it's really windy here, and there's been a stupid amount of rain (google north England floods and see for yourself), and oh yes, Star Wars happened AND IT WAS COMPLETELY AWESOME! I walked out of the cinema just in tears. I was so overwhelmed by it all that I couldn't stop crying. So yeah, it was great. If you've seen it, feel free to come scream at me in capital letters about it, or anything else fandom-related. Anyway, onto the actual fic. This is a winter solstice story, so in that regards, I'm a little late, but it also doubles as a new year fic. This is set in Rohan, in Edoras, and occurs about forty years or so before the events of LoTR. Purely Aragorn for this, as he has been feeling a bit neglected recently. For those who don't know, during Aragorn's travels around Middle Earth he goes and becomes a captain under the name Thorongil for the then King of Rohan- Theoden's father, Thengel. At this point, Theoden is about ten, and Aragorn is about forty (ish). Also, in this fic the people describe themselves as the Eorlingas, because apparently Rohirrim is a name used but other men, not actually themselves. The idea of riding horses through flames comes from a Spanish festival that's been going for over 500 years- Las Luminarias. It represents purifying the horses and riders (they aren't hurt, it's like passing your hand quickly through a flame) and it seems like the ultimate test of trust between horse and rider, so I put it in here. It's not specifically a winter solstice tradition, or a celebration of Rohan, but it sounds cool, and they almost definitely celebrated the winter solstice- the Rohirrim are based off Old English/Norse people, and they had huge winter solstice celebrations. As for my main story, it's coming along fairly well now I am on holiday. This has been the most complicated story I have ever written- canonic version of BOTFA from an elven PoV- and it is partially taking so long because I keep having to go back and change 60k of previously written text to reflect new ideas or motivations or whatever. I've also spent a lot of time just making sure the whole thing is coherent and the characters have the same ideas and values all the way through. It may still be a while. I can't tell. But hopefully it won't be too long until it is finished. Also, halfway through I decided to include a dog, so that took some time. Actually, I could use a bit of help with one part. Essentially, the battle has finished and, as per the book, Thorin is dying but not dead. He and Thranduil need to have a conversation. At this point, they don't like each other but they do respect each other as Kings and leaders, and know they aren't each other's enemies, not really. And I'm a little stumped on what they can say to each other. I have some ideas, of course, but if you suddenly think of anything that they could possibly say, let me know! Seriously, any input would be awesome. Just drop it in a review ;) Anyway, back to the actual story I am publishing now- I can talk too much ;). This is a belated Christmas/on-time new year's present for you all, and I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I own nothing. 0-o-0-o-0 Though the wind was blowing hard outside, within the stables it was warm, and quiet. The sounds of the wind and the gusts of snow outside were muffled by the soft sounds of horses at night and the thick walls around them. He paused, leaning on the fork he had been using to toss some more hay into the stalls for the chargers around him, not quite sure what he was listening for. The wind died away a little, and he could tell that the snow was falling more heavily on this night. On the edge of his hearing were the sounds of people gathered together, down on the edge of the plains, and the crackling of logs consumed by orange flames against the dark sky. He could smell the burning wood on the draughts finding their way into the stables, the scent of charred wood and roasting meat above the familiar smell of hay and horses around him. The lamp lit nearby guttered briefly in one such draught and the shadows flickered around him for a moment, as if trying to lead him to dance. The doors were flung open and he turned, hand momentarily gripping the fork tighter. A blast of cold air swirled in around the small figure standing in the doorway. "Thorongil!" the boy cried. "Father says you must come and also join the celebrations. In his words…" The child screwed his face up, trying to remember what he had been told. He saw when the boy remembered, because he suddenly laughed, and then was grinning at the man in front of him. "He said that not even Thorongil can be sullen tonight!" he exclaimed. "He said more things, but I don't really remember them." The boy ran forwards and grabbed at his arm. "Come! The fires are lit and there is good food. We are getting the horses soon. Mother is in Gondor, so I am going to ask Father if I can ride this year. But you have to come and watch, at least. Father commands it!" He laughed roughly, a low rumble in his chest. "If Lord Thengel commands it, then I surely must obey," he said. "I will come, Theoden." He set aside the fork and followed Theoden out across the dark, snow-dusted paths of Edoras, heading down and out onto the plains surrounding the city. Theoden tugged on his arm occasionally, his eyes not leaving the great fires that were leaping up towards the night sky and the stars above. He kept the boy from tripping in his haste several times before they reached the celebrations. He approached the head table first, and bowed. "My Lord Thengel," he said in greetings. Thengel stood, greeting him warmly. "Thorongil," he replied, reaching out and clasping his arm. "It seems even you cannot resist my son's charms." He bowed his head with a wry smile. "It appears not, my Lord," he said, taking a seat that Thengel offered him. Several of the other men there reached over to clap him on the shoulder, one pressing a tankard of ale into his hand. Someone placed a board of meat in front of him, cut from the roasts off to one side, slowly turning over the fire. He started to eat. For once, he found himself relaxing. He couldn't tell if it was the roaring fires, the stars far above his head, or if he was just tired of being so guarded, but he allowed himself to be pulled into talk around the tables, tales and stories that were tradition at this time of year. One of Thengel's other captains came and sat down heavily next to him. "The longest night," he said with a grin. "Doesn't seem so bad." "Not too bad at all," he replied, raising his tankard to the man, a friend of his, if any here could be seen as friends. After all, they didn't even know his real name, or his purpose here. He would leave in a year or two, and then they would most likely never see him again. He shook his head, clearing it of the thoughts. Tonight was not the night for such things. The Eorlingas believed that tonight should be spent in celebration, forgetting whatever harshness they had been through or was yet to come. The talk flowed easily around him, and he spent some time drinking and talking with the other captain, trading tales that he normally would have never told. "My brothers," he said at one point, sitting amongst friends, captains and soldiers of the Eorlingas he had come to know. "When I was young, they would wake me and drag me outside upon the first snowfall, just to throw me in it." He laughed, and shook his head. "When I grew, I had my revenge upon them." There were laughs around the group. "Thorongil, we have gotten more out of you tonight than we have in a year!" exclaimed one of the men. "Who knew you just needed ale and a bonfire to loosen your lips." "Do not tell the enemy!" cried another. "Such a weakness should not be easily known." "They would be more interested in how easily you say anything once you've had two tankards than any of my old stories," he replied with a laugh. "None of us have forgotten the story with the stallion and-" "Enough!" the man cried. "No more, or you will ruin my reputation for good." "What reputation?" asked someone else, and the men burst out laughing. He laughed along with them, letting his guard slide further for the first time in a while. He was amongst friends here. There was no danger, though he did have a hard time believing it. They drank some more, waiting for the fires to die down. Some of the men began to sing nearby and then they all picked up the song. It was one of their traditional ones for this night, a song of fire and hearth and homes standing against the cold nights of winter. He stayed silent for the most part, watching them sing. He did not know the words well enough, nor have a good enough grasp of their tongue yet to sing in it. Though it was cold, the many fires around them were more than enough to make him hot, and he shed his coat, leaving it over his seat. By the morning it probably wasn't going to be there, but it would turn up eventually and he couldn't be bothered to get up and put it in a safer place. He didn't know what song they were singing now, but someone had pulled out harps and other instruments and the men were calling out the words. They were becoming more and more out of tune as the ale and wine flowed amongst them. Thorongil found himself singing along to one of the songs that he knew, along with the other captains he had been drinking with, and a smile came across his face without him really realising it. Shouts rose up from one side of the gathering and then the horses were led out. They were prancing as the riders took them through the crowds and around the fires, a few rearing up in excitement. Their manes were intricately braided, their tails bunched up to avoid the fire that was to come. The riders held out their hands to the cheers, their helms glittering as if the flames had sprung from the fires to within the metal itself. One of the horses reared, nostrils flaring as it looked at the fires in front. The rider laughed and merely pushed the horse forwards, turning him until his front hooves fell back down once more. The horses milled together, the riders talking amongst themselves in loud voices as they waited. Other men dampened down some of the fires until they were smaller, kicking away burnt logs from the edges. Some brought forwards large buckets of water. A few of these were left around the fires, but the men took many of them and began to douse the horses. Someone grabbed his arm. "Come on, Thorongil, we