In a Field of Blood and Stone HELLO! It's been so long! But I've finally finished the massive story I'm sure most of my regulars at least know about, so, finally, here it is. This is the story of the Battle of the Five Armies from the point of view of the elves, all the way from Smaug's death to their journey home. So this is long. And by long, I mean 112,070 words long. I'm not joking- I got a little bit carried away with it. This is without a doubt the most complicated story I've ever written, in terms of plot and the number of main characters and interactions between them, and also in terms of writing. One of the reasons this has taken so long is because I have spent a lot of time editing- a lot more than on any story- throughout the entire thing. So I would stop at multiple times and go back through all the story I'd already written to change a few details to introduce a new theme (or in one case, a dog) that I'd just thought of. So yeah, this got complicated. But I'm done now, and I'm so excited to finally share this with all of you guys :) As the premise above sort of makes fairly obvious, this is elven-focused. The Dwarves aren't a big deal, and neither is Bilbo until the latter parts of the story. If I had to pick a main character, it would probably be Legolas or Thranduil (although it's interesting to think about what the definition of a main character is, because in some cases you could argue it is Bilbo, even though he isn't even in the story until about 60k in). Anyway. Elves. My OC Belhadron you'll be familiar with if you've read some of my other works, and for those who like him, you'll be glad to hear that he's got a much larger role in this story. There's also a new OC coming along, though they're not named until about 20k in. I'm really excited to let you guys see this new OC (an elf, because seriously you cannot write a story about elves, especially one this long, with only two named elves). If anyone can guess who this new OC is going to be over the next few chapters, then maybe I'll write a oneshot of your choosing (within reason, of course, and it may take a little while what with school drowning me in work). I'm also still totally up for taking prompts, if anyone has anything they want to see written! I can't promise they'll get written, but I will definitely try my best. This is not finished. I mean, the story itself is finished, but the journeys of the characters are definitely not- the story ends before the elves even get back to Mirkwood. I wanted to end it there, so it didn't drag on into what could be essentially another story, and for other reasons I will probably explain later. This means I shall be writing a bunch of interconnected oneshots that will be published after this is finished, focusing mainly on the elves after the events of the story, and how they're coping, etc. If I stick to my usual format of about 4000 words a chapter, this should fall out at around 28 chapters. Possibly. We shall see.. :) Anyway, it's so nice to be back and publishing! I'm sorry it's been so long, but I don't like publishing unless I have a story actually finished, and I'm in my last year of school, so the workload is insane. But I'm here now. I'll publish two chapters a week- one on Wednesday, one on Saturday. The title comes from Bruce Springsteen's song, Devils and Dust, which just perfectly encapsulates the darkest moments for the characters in this story. Go listen to it, once you've read this- Springsteen is called the Boss for a reason. Disclaimer: I own nothing, apart from my two OCs and the dog. Enjoy :) Chapter 1: Fires on the Horizon "Legolas." There was a hand grasping his shoulder. "Legolas, wake up." Legolas jolted awake, and even as he woke he rolled sideways, his hand reaching for the knives he knew he kept next to him. A hand grabbed his wrist, and he lashed out with the other. There was a muffled grunt, and then a string of Silvan curses that made Legolas stop and fully come awake. Orcs didn't speak Elvish. He blinked, and then frowned at the sight of his second in command leaning over the edge of the bed, still holding onto his wrist. Legolas shook his hand free and sat up. "What is it?" "We need to go," said Belhadron. "Something's gone wrong." He picked up Legolas' hunting tunic from where Legolas had left it hanging over a chair a few hours ago and flung it at the blond elf, rubbing with one hand at his cheek where Legolas' hand had made contact. Legolas swung his legs to sit on the edge of the bed and pulled the tunic on with a frown. "What is it?" he asked. "What's happened?" He didn't apologise for the hit, because Belhadron had done the same to him before, and it was something many of the warriors were used to. Belhadron's face was grim. "I just came in from the eastern side of the stronghold. It's better to see it," he said. "But there's trouble in Esgaroth. Maybe something to do with Erebor." Legolas took a moment to take the information in, and then cursed, jumping to his feet. "Where's my quiver?" he said, looking around the room and snatching up his boots, easily slipping them onto his feet. He couldn't be bothered to change out of the soft leggings he had been sleeping in, and he doubted he had time, anyway. Belhadron picked it up from where it was sitting on the chair. "I moved it before I woke you," he said, handing it over. "I didn't particularly want you getting hold of your knives when this is our first night back in the stronghold." Both of them woke, as did many elves, a little violently after spending too much time in the dark southern areas of Mirkwood. Legolas nodded and took the quiver, swiftly strapping it on with deft fingers. He hardly paid attention to doing it, instead turning to Belhadron. "What were you doing on the eastern side of the stronghold?" he asked. "We only got back this morning." Belhadron shrugged. "I wasn't tired," he said. That wasn't the whole truth, and Legolas knew it, but there were more pressing things at hand. Legolas finished buckling on his quiver and nodded at Belhadron. "Let's go," he said. Instead of heading towards his door, he moved across the room and pulled open one of the balcony doors. A gust of cold wind spiralled inside, for winter was beginning to creep over the woods. Belhadron said nothing, merely following him, and the two elves disappeared from sight as they vaulted over the stone railing and into the woods. 0-o-0-o-0 They moved swiftly through the trees, dropping down to the ground when the woods were too sparse, until they were high up on the eastern edge of the stronghold, balancing in the branches. They weren't too far from the edge of Mirkwood, and the sky was clear. Legolas sucked in a breath. "Elbereth," he murmured. "I know," said Belhadron. "I don't want to say it, but…" "Smaug?" asked Legolas. "I don't think it can be anything else." His gaze returned to the horizon. From how far up they were they could see the glint of Andnen, that the men called the Long Lake. It was glinting orange. With their eyesight, both elves could see the glow of fire that was spreading across the lake, engulfing Esgaroth. Legolas cursed under his breath, watching as something in the distance flickered a deep red. For a few minutes they were still, watching. The word had spread, and a few more elves joined them high up in adjacent branches. The woods were quiet as they watched. Legolas shook himself, and jumped down a branch, the spell of the flickering orange light broken. "I must find my father," he said quickly. "Inform him of what is going on. We're going to…" He paused, briefly looking up. "This is going to be bad." "I know," said Belhadron. "I will start mobilising people, just in case. Leave the other captains to me. Go to the King." Legolas nodded, and jumped down from the tree, sliding from branch to branch until hitting the forest floor with a slight thud. Other elves were beginning to arrive through the woods now, joining the few up in the branches already. He turned back briefly, but the view was no longer visible through the tangle of dark trees that even his eyes had a hard time distinguishing. He sighed softly, turning and running for the nearest stronghold entrance. There was a hint of anticipation in the air as Legolas passed swiftly through the corridors. The stronghold was beginning to come awake, though it was never wholly silent, even in the middle of the night. But Legolas, who knew his home well, could feel the tension beginning to seep into the air, the elves that were beginning to move through the corridors as the word spread. He knew that once Belhadron woke the other captains and briefed them then the realm would wake rather quickly. He supposed it was one of the advantages of being perpetually at war, perpetually on their guard. When something did happen, it did not take them long to be prepared for it. The tension grew somewhat less as Legolas opened the large doors that led to the private living quarters of the King, himself and any guests of enough importance to warrant such rooms, such as Gandalf whenever he turned up. The two guards on the doors looked a little surprised to see him, and Legolas realised that they had not seen him leaving through these doors. They must be new, he thought absentmindedly as he nodded at them and slipped through the doors. Whoever ended up with the necessity of guarding those doors learnt relatively soon that the balcony was just as viable an option as doors, especially if his second Belhadron had been seen entering the quarters. Thranduil was in his study, and looked up as Legolas entered. He put aside the book he hadn't been reading. He knew something was wrong; he hadn't been King all these long, long years without developing finely tuned instincts. "What is it?" Legolas' face was grim. "We have a situation," he said. "I'm not sure, and we don't have enough information yet, but from what I saw from the eastern side of the stronghold-" "Legolas," said Thranduil, standing up. "What has happened?" Legolas shook his head slightly. "Smaug has happened, I think," he said. "Belhadron woke me to confirm what he thought. He's briefing the other captains as we speak. We cannot be sure, but it appears that Smaug is awake." Thranduil nodded. "Then we must be ready," he said. "Summon the guards. We have work to do." 0-o-0-o-0 In a couple of hours, the stronghold was awake. Thranduil had summoned his councillors, and had spent most of that time behind closed doors with them. Orders were issued every so often, and over the early hours of the morning, whilst orange light still glinted in the east, elves were recalled from the eastern settlements to the stronghold, and a watch was set on Esgaroth and Erebor. Legolas held back a sigh from where he was sat with the rest of the captains, awaiting more orders. "Do we actually have any information?" he asked. "We do not," replied one of the captains with a weary smile. "It cannot be anything other than Smaug, that we know, but if it