In the Dim Light So my good friend 1monster2 asked whether I could write something of Legolas and Belhadron- angst and friendship, in essence. A lot of people loved the scene where Belhadron falls asleep in front of the fire in In a Field of Blood and Stone, so this is similar towards the end. I also probably owe you guys a story, after people very kindly reviewed the draft of that book thing I wrote for a school project. In addition, this is also a thank you to everyone who has read and reviewed In a Field of Blood and Stone so far- we're at 127 reviews and there's still plenty of story to come, so thank you! This is a bit angsty, especially at the beginning, though the catalyst for the events of this oneshot is not described in detail. The elves of Mirkwood are at war, and in war, awful things do happen. The idea of the big map (you'll see what I mean) came from the multitude of war dramas I have watched- they always have big maps on tables with little things they can move around to show where enemy bases are established, or where their troops are. So I thought that would be a fun thing to play with. Also, I wanted to try and play with weapons beyond the usual- swords, knives and bows- so I decided to go with quarterstaffs. These are long wooden staffs (poles) that are about as tall as a person. They were used massively in England in the medieval period and up until, apparently, the 1700s. Maybe not useful in a close-packed forest, but I have this headcanon that Mirkwood elves are trained to fight with basically everything, including orcish weapons, just in case, so they'd have quarterstaffs lying around. The music thing, at the end (you'll see what I mean), was inspired by the Throne of Glass series. In the books there's a bit of emphasis on music and the arts, and just how important they are. And there's this quote from Celeana: 'When I play. I'm not...for once I'm not destroying, I'm creating.' If you like fantasy and magic, strong and complex female and male characters and a beautifully crafted world and plot, then you should read these books. If you want to know more, feel free to ask. If you have read them, then feel free to come fangirl over it all with me! Anyway, here's the oneshot. As always, I only own Belhadron and Rhavaniel, and reviews are very welcome. 0-o-0-o-0 The map was huge. It covered half the table, the tattered edges curling up on themselves apart from where they were weighed down by random objects. A knife pinned one corner of the map down, a clay bowl held down another. Ink lines scattered across the parchment, and from the random strokes a world was formed: mountains, haphazard strokes of trees and the more definitive, spindly lines of spreading paths, the thick stain of the river. Legolas leant across the table, biting his lip as he studied the small wooden statuettes strategically placed across the map. He nudged one of them, a block with rough wooden warriors on top of it. "What if we move the company here?" he asked, slowly pushing it across the map with a soft hiss. "Come in from the west and catch the orcs in a pincer." Belhadron shifted, studying the map from where he was lounged in one of the chairs around the table. "You're forgetting a slight problem," he said with a wry grin curling the corner of his lips. "It's only a tiny issue, nothing really important, but I thought that-" He stopped at the look on Legolas' face. "Stop drawing it out," Legolas said. "What?" "You might want to rethink that," Belhadron said, nodding at the map. "Take the company west and we'd have to pull from the other companies to cover their movement. We can do that easily enough, we have before, but there's a pocket of spiders in that area. The report just came in, it's around here somewhere." He stood up and began to shift through the papers covering the other half of the table, still speaking as he did so. "There's a small settlement a few hours north of that area," Belhadron said, waving at the map as he kept looking through the papers. "And there won't be anyone there to warn them of spiders if they decide to come north through the gap." He found the right report, and handed it over to Legolas. Legolas read through it quickly with a slight frown, and then sighed. "You're right, as usual," he said. He reached out and pushed the wooden block back to its original place. "But we still need strategies to counteract the problem at hand. Let's wait for the others before we decide anything." Belhadron nodded, and slouched back into his chair. He pulled the knife out of the table, where it was pinning the map down, and spun it slowly in his fingers. Legolas levelled him with a look, and pushed a spare block of roughly carven wood into that corner of the table as the map curled up on itself. Belhadron merely shrugged, and kept the knife wandering lazily across his hand. The other captains, those around at the moment, slowly trickled into the room as the hour wore on. Rhavaniel had been out for the past few days with a dozen of her spies, but the rest were around the stronghold. Slowly the chairs around the table filled up and strategies and tactics were given, taken apart and put back together again over the ink strokes of their realm. "What's our perfect situation?" asked one, leaning back in her chair and studying the map with it's carven blocks. "What would we do if we had unlimited resources and power?" "Destroy Dol Guldur and march on Mordor?" Belhadron offered. Legolas snorted in amusement, and a number of elves around the table rolled their eyes. The captain threw a spare block at Belhadron's head, which he easily caught. "Be serious," she said, though a grin curled her lips. Belhadron nodded. "I would get a few hundred elves and drive a wedge through the orc's line," he said, pushing the relevant blocks around the map with a soft hiss. "Send more elves through it and attack from behind." Legolas hummed in agreement. "It would only work if we had information on what is behind their line," he pointed out. "Or we could just be hitting more orcs." "Supply chains?" asked another captain. "If we disable them then we could weaken them in areas, force them to gather around their stronger areas and then pin them down there." "Captain Rhavaniel must be able to get us that information," a lieutenant said. "And disable them." "We may already have some of the information we need," Legolas said, eyeing the pile of papers at the other end of the table. "Dig through there and see if you can find the right report. If you would like to organise the papers at the same time, then go ahead." The lieutenant nodded, and then began to sort through the piles and separate them out. A few other lesser captains or lieutenants stepped up and began to help. Though Legolas had not expressed it as so, they knew it was an order, and acted accordingly. Legolas' attention turned back to the map in front of them. There was no emergency, no need for them to throw together a plan as quickly as they could and then watch, hoping it would hold together. They had done that plenty of times before, all knowing full well that even the best plans, the ones they'd picked apart and put back together late into the night until they had everything as good as they could possibly get it, even those didn't survive first contact with the enemy. But for now, they could sit back and work without the threat hanging so close over them, and the mood was light enough. New strategies were thrown out and examined. There was no pride at stake in these discussions; they had learnt long ago that it was pointless. Belhadron conceded his original plan after some argument, and they moved to talk about supply chains and moving troops to the most effective places. Suddenly, there was a commotion outside in the hallway. The room was close to the great gates of the stronghold and to many of the rooms used for running their defences, and so such noises were not uncommon, not when they were at a stalemate such as this with the orcs. But this time the sound of running feet drew nearer and nearer. Belhadron slowly rose to his feet from where he had been lounged in his chair and the others looked up, sensing the fraying of the rope holding the threat over their heads. An elf skidded to a halt in the door, breathless. There was a roll of crumpled parchment grasped tightly in his hand. Legolas walked around the table and took the scroll from him. The others fell silent. All of them were standing now, arrayed around the table and watching as Legolas unfurled the parchment and began to read. His eyes flickered over the hasty scribbles of the report, and his hands slowly tightened around the parchment as his gaze fell further and further down the page. The edge of the parchment fluttered as he jerked, as if stung. The room was silent now. Legolas swallowed, his throat working as he slowly walked back towards the table. Each footstep, loud against no other sound but the harsh breathing of the messenger and the crackling of the fire, cut another strand of the fraying rope. Belhadron made an aborted move towards him, but at the last moment held himself in check, as if he could put off the inevitable by staying still. The parchment dropped to the floor as Legolas reached out across the table. His fingers, now trembling slightly, closed around one of the blocks, a roughly carved little house. He picked it up, turning it over in his hand. The silence clawed at everyone, grabbing their throats and choking them and leaving them unable to do anything but watch as Legolas carefully set the block down at the edge of the map. He looked up, fist clenching around the sudden empty air where the little house had just sat. "They burnt it down," he murmured. Belhadron blinked. "What?" he managed to say, his voice rasping as if he hadn't used it for weeks. Legolas met his gaze, and found something there to steady himself. "The orcs broke through the line earlier today," he said, gaze turning back to the inked strokes of the map lying across the table. "A group got through before the gap closed. They found the small settlement further north." There was a choked off sound from someone. Someone else flinched, their hands moving to grip the back of the chair in front of them. "The orcs started fires in the village a few hours ago," Legolas said tonelessly. "They don't know how many are dead. Soldiers nearby saw the smoke and arrived in time to fight the orcs off, but the settlement-" His throat worked. "It's been burnt to the ground. And they didn't get everyone out." The rope snapped. The threat landed heavily across their shoulders, smothering them, clawing harshly at their throats. Legolas picked the parchment back up and flung it onto the map, the scribbled writing there for all of them to see. "That's it," he said. "We don't know anymore." "Innocents," said one of the captains, looking at Legolas like he could defy the past and tell him something else, something that would take just a fraction of the weight back from them. Legolas merely nodded. The captain briefly shut her eyes and whispered something under