Surviving Peace Chapter 1 Seeing as I just finished my first week of exams (it was hell), and managed to finish writing this a few days ago, HAVE A NEW STORY! This takes place about one year after the War of the Ring, and is mainly book-verse. Some unspecified time after the war, Legolas began an elven colony in Ithilien. In the books, Faramir also ends up living in Ithilien with Eowyn. You shouldn't have to read any of my other fics to understand anything in this. The only things you may miss are a few hints at previous works. My OC Belhadron appears here, for any of those who wanted to know a bit more about him- you get hints of a backstory here, as well as (hopefully) some snarky funny bits from him as well. This focuses very much on the mental and emotional impact of everything all the characters went through. I definitely don't want this to come across as some privileged person writing about something they know nothing about. I consider myself very lucky to be pretty much mentally alright, and I make no presumption to understand what people may be going through, and think those who do are incredibly courageous. But I did want to write this- steer away from the easier physical angst and explore the emotional side of things more, push myself to explore emotions without resorting to injuring someone (I've mostly succeeded in this fic- the only injuries are for plot purposes). I wanted to try and do everything that this story deals with justice. So yeah, I really hope that nobody is in any way offended by this, but if so, I apologise. In no way was that my intent. Light trigger warnings for PTSD and associated ideas- there is nothing explicit that I believe could trigger anything, but I don't know, so I will warn in the notes before a chapter is there is anything that might be problematic for some people. Also, these are now being published as well on Archive of our Own, under the name ScribeofArda. If you prefer the style of that website, or the font, or size of writing or whatever, then feel free to hop on over and read them over there, though I won't be putting in some of the random author's notes that turn up here :) Disclaimer: YES, YES I OWN THEM ALL! *cough* What I shout in my dreams. I don't own anything apart from Belhadron. Him I get to keep. 0-o-0-o-0 survive (səˈvʌɪv/), verb: continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship. Synonyms: remain alive, live, sustain oneself, cling to life, pull through, get through,hold on, hold out, make it, keep body and soul together. 0-o-0-o-0 "Riders approaching!" They could hear the call going out from the great walls of the city as they approached, and their sharp ears picked up the subtle sound of hurrying feet on white stones. Finally within sight of their destination, the two horses pricked their ears and seemed to find some more energy, the beat of their hooves pounding rhythmically on the road as the two of them rode in. The gates grew closer and closer, and both horses slowed. The war had not been over long enough for the wariness that had existed for so long to disappear and both riders knew full well how such a thing could linger. Still there was an urge to check over your shoulder, for your hand to remain close to your weapon. It had been just over a year, but most of the time it felt like only a month, or like it hadn't even happened yet. The horses came into view from the small party standing within the courtyard, and Aragorn allowed a smile to come across his face as he recognised the smaller grey horse riding in. Behind him the various council members and guards that he had been unable to shake stepped forwards in various stages of excitement. Aragorn could sense the moment when Faramir, standing by his shoulder, turned and subtly glared at the men behind them, and they stepped back. Aragorn nodded ever so slightly, knowing Faramir would see it and take it as what it was meant, a thank you. The pounding of hooves on the dirt road grew louder, and Aragorn's attention turned towards the open gates. These were not the great gates that Minas Tirith had once bore, nor were they yet the gates that Gimli had promised the city. These were wooden, strong enough to provide some protection and reassurance to those in the city, but hastily constructed and crude. There were still some scorch marks on the white stone walls beside them. Around the courtyard people were gathering, or had already gathered upon hearing the news of the immanent arrival. Aragorn could spy many children in the crowd, watching with excited faces. Even though the Queen was an elf, and the people of Gondor were largely a learned people, elves were still held in regard as something a little more akin to tales than real life. Finally the two horses passed through the gate and pulled to a halt in the courtyard. Aragorn heard the excited squeal of a child before it was hushed. But his attention was soon turned to the arrivals, and he stepped forwards, a smile on his face as a lithe blond figure swung down from the grey horse. "Legolas," said Aragorn warmly, and then the blond elf was firmly in his embrace. Legolas laughed, his voice merry, and embraced Aragorn back. "I have missed you, mellon-nin ," he said, pulling back. "It is a long way from home to here." Aragorn nodded. "I know," he said. His gaze went past Legolas to the other rider, who had dismounted from a large bay horse, the stallion's dark red coat rippling in the noon sunshine. "Belhadron," he said in greetings. "Welcome to Minas Tirith." The dark-haired elf stepped forwards to clasp Aragorn's arm. "It is good to see you again, Estel," he said in a lilting accent, the Westron seeming unfamiliar on his tongue. Aragorn smiled and said something in Sindarin, the councillors all listening in eagerly to hear the rolling tongue that none of them understood. Aragorn stepped back and introduced Belhadron to Faramir, Legolas having already stepped over and greeted him. They exchanged a few words, before Aragorn apologetically grimaced and muttered a few words about council members. Legolas smiled, saying something to Belhadron in a language that sounded nothing like Sindarin, though was obviously elvish, and Belhadron chuckled, a slightly wicked grin coming across his face for a few moments. Aragorn turned and the council members and various other people in the entourage stepped forwards. Faramir watched the two elves and the King as they passed through the courtiers. Aragorn he could read fairly well now after a year of being his Steward, and he could tell, even if he didn't know, that such formalities irked the former Ranger. But Faramir found his gaze being drawn to the elf Aragorn had called Belhadron. He held himself a little differently to Legolas, slightly tense, his eyes continuously scanning their surroundings, and Faramir suspected that he was not entirely at ease in this city. It made sense. From what Aragorn had mentioned to Faramir of Belhadron, it seemed that he had remained in the forests of what had once been called Mirkwood all of his life. A council member approached Legolas, and Faramir couldn't help but notice how Belhadron's hand jumped ever so slightly towards his sword, before he put his hand back down at his side. The cloak he wore, a mixture of greens and greys that Faramir supposed would looked near invisible in a forest, was shifted back to reveal the sword at his waist, and to give his arms freedom of movement. He looked dangerous, thought Faramir, or at least potentially dangerous. But then as Faramir watched from the side, he saw Legolas murmur something to Belhadron and the dark-haired elf's face broke in a grin. And then any image of Belhadron looking dangerous simply vanished. Aragorn excused them from the small crowd of people, and Legolas chuckled softly. His gaze flickered around the courtyard. "You do seem to draw a crowd, Aragorn," he said quietly, but there was a smile on his face. Aragorn smiled. "I think it is you and Belhadron," he said. "Certain stories, I think, have been a little exaggerated. I think some of them are hoping for a sparring match here and now." Belhadron chuckled, his gaze flitting around the courtyard. A young child, a girl only about five years old, waved shyly from behind a soldier's legs, and Belhadron smiled. "We should not disappoint," he murmured, switching back to Sindarin for ease. Aragorn laughed. "How is home?" he asked, and neither Legolas nor Belhadron missed the underlying tone of his voice. Legolas inclined his head slightly. "We are recovering," he said with a small smile. And if the smile didn't quite reach his eyes, and if behind him Belhadron had paused slightly, his gaze becoming distant for the barest of moments, then nobody besides Aragorn noticed, and Aragorn had been expecting it anyway. The company mounted up for the short ride back up to the citadel. There came a few muffled murmurs from the small crowd around them as Legolas and Belhadron both vaulted onto their horses and people noticed that neither Arod nor Belhadron's large bay wore any tack at all. Faramir mounted his own horse and rode on Aragorn's left hand side as the four of them, followed by council members and Aragorn's guard, made their way up through the city. "How are you?" asked Legolas softly as they rode. Arod pranced slightly, his shod hooves ringing out on the stone streets, but he quieted quickly with a touch from Legolas to his neck. Aragorn smiled. "I am well enough," he said. "The city is being rebuilt, and Osgiliath as well." The evidence was all around them, men working on buildings that had been damaged or destroyed in the siege, people repairing walls and streets. Slowly the scars were being scraped off or covered up with new white stone. But there were still scorch marks of fires against the sides of buildings, the occasional stone from a catapult that had not yet been removed. It would be a while yet. Aragorn allowed a soft sigh, quiet enough so that only Legolas, Belhadron and Faramir could hear, to pass his lips. He looked over at Legolas, and a small smile came across his face. "We are here," he murmured, his gaze flickering back to Faramir. "We won. And we will be alright." Faramir nodded, a small smile of his own on his lips. Aragorn was right. They had won, and it was over now. It was over. They continued to talk as the party headed up through the city, exchanging details of homes and places beyond. Legolas had news of Gimli, of Erebor and Dale, whilst Aragorn filled Legolas in on the goings on in the Shire that he had heard from Gandalf and some of the Dunedain back north. Belhadron was for the most part quiet, but occasionally spoke to Legolas in that rich tongue that Faramir guessed was Silvan. And then all too quickly they were on the sixth level and pulling the horses up in front of the stables. Aragorn dismounted as stable hands came out to take the horses away, and moved around to speak to Legolas, who had dismounted from Arod. Belhadron's horse shifted almost nervously on the spot, his hooves clattering, and Faramir looked over as he freed his cloak from where is had been caught on the saddle before dismounting. "There is a tradition that horses are not allowed up to the seventh level of the city," he said. "It is a little pointless, but tradition is tradition." Belhadron nodded,