This is a little one shot I have had written up for a couple years. One of my favorite Christmas movies is Eloise at the plaza and this story was inspired by that movie. Thanks to Kasi, Nikki, Savanna, and Carrie for all helping with this! I'm rating this M to be on the safe side. I own nothing, but the plot! ~~GH~~ "Thanks for calling the bestest hotel in the world! I'm E-Beth and I'm six," the little voice on the other end of the line said. "Well, aren't you just the cutest little girl ever!" I said earning a giggle from the other end. "What's your name?" E-Beth asked very businesslike. "My name is Bella." "Oh! Hi Bella, what can I do for you?" "Do you know everything about the hotel?" "Yup! Now, would you like a room?" "Oh Sweetie, you are just the cutest. Is there a grownup I can talk to?" "My daddy is in the bathroom. He said his stomach hurt really bad, so that means he is blowing up the place," she said as I busted out with laughter. "My daddy will ask me what's open anyway, so I'm the bestest girl for the job." "Okay then, I would like to book my wedding, but I was hoping you would have something open in the next month," I said as E-Beth squealed. "Oh! I love weddings! My auntie plans all the weddings! I know there is an opening in two weeks!" "Elizabeth, who are you talking to?" I heard a woman's voice. "It's Bella and she wants to have her wedding here! I told her that there is an opening in two weeks," Elizabeth said. "Are you still there?" the woman asked as I giggled. "Yes, I am." "I'm so sorry about that," she said with a small laugh. "It's more than okay. E-Beth has brightened my day greatly," I said with another laugh. "Is there really an opening in two weeks?" "In fact there is. Elizabeth knows a thing or two about this place. Would you like to set up a meeting?" "That would be awesome. I'm free whenever you're available." "Does this afternoon work? Other than that I'm booked until early next week." "What time?" "Two o'clock? Just ask for Kate at the front desk." "I'll be there." I was so excited. I loved the Grand Hotel. I worked there throughout college and it was the best and worst years of my life. I met my first love there, and I had my first heart break there, but that made me who I am. I helped Edward have fun and Edward loved me for who I was. We showed each other that we can have fun, but be serious when we needed. Edward needed to loosen up and I needed to be more serious. "I'm going to be a famous writer!" I told him. "No one is going to take you serious when you're wearing jeans and a t-shirt," Edward said looking at my shirt that was in his hand. "Yup, and no one wants to hang out with you if you slick your hair back and wear your Sunday best every day," I said as I messed his hair up. "I love you." "I love you too, Bella...forever." "Don't make promises you can't keep. We both know we have to go to different sides of the country next year," I said as I put my shirt back on. "Yeah, well, I believe in what's meant to be, so if we are meant to be, it will happen," he said. Edward was always a dreamer and I let him be. His dad always knocked his dreams down and that was why he was becoming a doctor. That's what his dad said was best. "When I get my first book published, I'm dedicating it to you," I said with a smile. "You better!" he said pulling me to him giving me a searing kiss. I did dedicate my first book to him, but I didn't know if he ever saw it. I didn't know how to reach him. For my last year of college I moved to New York. I was offered an internship with a very prestigious publisher. I would have been stupid to not accept. Edward helped me make the decision by saying "you can have as much fun as you want as long as your work is done." I have always followed that and it has gotten me places. Our relationship was very hush, hush. We knew his father could never find out about us; his father hated me. I was the help and Edward was better than me. Though we were caught by his father sneaking around. I was never able to say goodbye to him, but I did see him with Tanya Denali on his arm. Mr. Cullen approved of her, but I knew Edward didn't like her. He would do anything to make his father happy. I met Jacob Black my first week in New York. He's my best friend. When he asked me to marry him, I knew I wanted to get married at the Grand Hotel. I wanted to get married in the Winter room. I saw a wedding once in that room, and I knew when the time came, I would be married there. Right after I said yes to Jake, I told him where we were getting married and he said I could have whatever I wanted. A year later, we were ready to tie the knot and I couldn't wait. I showed up to the hotel an hour early. I stood outside the door and thought about my first kiss, which belonged to Edward. I smiled as I looked to the left and saw the bushes we hid behind when his father walked out the doors. We knew we couldn't be seen together. I remember Edward's laugh when he knew we were in the clear. Edward told me I was a bad influence and I probably was. I walked through the front door and it still smelled the same. I heard a now familiar giggle and saw a little blond haired girl running around the lobby. I stood aside and watched her play. She was too cute for her own good. She caught sight of me and ran to me. "Hi! Welcome to the bestest hotel ever! I'm E-Beth and I'm six." "I know, we talked on the phone today," I said as she smiled big. "Bella?!" "That's me!" I said as she jumped up and down. She reminded me of Alice, Edward's little sister. "Come on, I'll show you the Winter room. My daddy redone it," she said as I frowned. It was perfect the way it was. "Why do you look sad?" "I use to work here and the room was perfect the way it was." "Oh, trust me; the room is way better now." She took a hold of my hand and we started walking across the lobby. "Angie, please tell Katie I took Bella to the Winter room," E-Beth said as we walked past the front desk. "I'm thinking silver and black for the color scheme. If you need a dress my Aunt owns the dress shop next door. She is fabulous and makes girls look like princesses." "Sounds like you have planned a wedding before," I said with a laugh. "I was two when I planned my first wedding. It was for my mommy and daddy before she went to heaven," she said as I stared down at Elizabeth. "I'm sorry, Sweetie," I said as she smiled at me. "My mommy said that I have an eye for detail and she said I made her dream come true. When she went to heaven, I kissed her and she said I was the best thing to happen to her. Daddy said sometimes people have to go to heaven early, but that means that their life was complete. My daddy is the smartest person ever!" she said as I swallowed a lump in my throat. "You have to meet my daddy!" "I would love to, E-Beth." "Thanks for calling me E-Beth, I hate Elizabeth. Katie calls me Elizabeth, but she's mean. Daddy tells her all the time he's gonna fire her, but I know he won't, because she is Mommy's sister," she informs me. "Here we are!" she said as she opens the doors to the Winter room. E-Beth was right, it was even better and I had to agree that silver and black would be the perfect colors. The walls were painted in a glitter paint and the ceiling looked like a starry night. We walked onto the dance floor and I remembered how Edward and I danced at the wedding we crashed. We danced to "Open Arms" by Journey. I smiled big as the memory came crashing down on me. That was the first time Edward told me he loved me. Jake, I had to think of Jake. He would love it. I took a couple of pictures and I sent them to him. He wouldn't be able to show until two days before the wedding, so I wanted him to know everything I was doing. "Me and Daddy dance here all the time," E-Beth said as she took both my hands. "I danced with a boyfriend I used to have all the time here, and it was always to the same song," I said as E-Beth and I danced. "What song, Bella?" "Open Arms," I said as she cocked her head to the side. "Sing it!" "Okay...um...I'm not a great singer," I warned. "I bet you're the bestest...no my daddy is, but I bet you're great," she said as I got on my knees so I was at her height. I was starting to wonder if anyone ever watched her. "Who watches you?" "Everyone. Katie will come running in here and tell me to shoo soon. She says I get in the way and scare people. She tells Daddy that I shouldn't be allowed to play around so much, but he tells me that you can have all the fun in the world as..." "As long as your work is done," I said as her smile grew. "How did you know?!" "My first love used to say something like that," I said with a smile. "Is that who you are marrying?" "No." "Why?" "Um...we lost contact when I moved to New York, but that is where I met Jake..." "Hey! Sing me the song," E-Beth said as I laughed. "Okay, ready?" I asked as she shook her head yes. "Lying beside you, here in the dark..." I sang a few lines and E-Beth rocked us back and forth. I was shocked when she started singing the chorus with me. "My daddy sings that to me at bed time," she said as I smiled. "Your daddy sounds pretty great." "He's awesome. So, are you having your wedding here?" "I am," I said as she jumps up and down again. "Elizabeth Marie! Are you in here?" I heard a man's voice ring out. "Daddy! Come meet my new best friend!" E-Beth took off toward the voice and I stood and straightened out my skirt. Edward would be proud at how professional I looked. "I'm planning her wedding!" "E, where is Kate?" "I don't know. I closed this deal!" I laughed as I turned around and came face to face with my first love. "Edward?" I asked as he turned to me. He looked the same, but different. He looked older and his hair was all over the place. I was impressed already. "You know my daddy, Bella?" Elizabeth asked as it clicked in Edward's mind. "I do, Princess. Your daddy is the one that I was telling you about," I said as she clapped her hands. "That is so cool! Daddy, you and Bella danced to our bed time song." "We did," he said as he stood and