The Start of A New Adventure A/N: Okay guys and girls! First off THANK YOU! THANK YOU THANK YOU! My last story, New Girl, was amazing! 227 REVEIWS! That's incredible! The support and ideas you gave me were so amazing! I can't thank you enough and tell you that it really, really does mean a lot. I'm not used to people liking me so much! Hahah! But I just wanted to let you know I love each and every one of you, even the haters, and want to tell you that I look forward to this sequel! So please enjoy… "Dude. This SUCKS. Aren't satyrs supposed to be in charge of this kind of stuff?" Percy sighed as he walked down the school hallway with his old friend Grover, he'd been away all last year at this dumb "all year round school" for super nerds or something. For some reason Percy found himself wrapped up in the job too and was enrolled three months ago about two weeks after he got back from Camp Half-Blood. So much for a few weeks alone with Annabeth. "Sorry Percy but I need your help, this one is strong, he ahs a thick scent. Not as strong as you were of course when I first smelled you but still stronger than most. Plus he's not every approachable to be honest, he's very popular and surrounded with people," Grover said slinging his backpack over his shoulder. Percy grumbled, "Whatever. The sooner this school year is over the better." Grover laughed, "It doesn't end remember? All year round school. A student is enrolled and he simply keeps going here until three years has past, the classes just keep getting harder and the only difference between a normal school and this one is that you don't get a three-month break. To be honest the only reason kids are sent here are either because they're super smart or they're just not wanted at home." Percy shrugged, "Whatever man, all I'm saying is that I was supposed to go to school with Annabeth this year. She even told me I could cheat off her! I could've cheated off her! Now instead I'm here at some school for super smart people. I'm super screwed!" Grover patted Percy on the shoulder, "Don't worry buddy. I'm sure everything will be fine. Besides you don't suck too bad…oh wait yes you do." "Suck it Grover," Percy said. Grover laughed and flung his arm around Percy's shoulder, "You just have to try and enjoy it here my man." "Listen G-Man I hate normal schools, what makes you think this one will be any different?" Percy said. They turned into the English room and took their seats at the back; Percy flopped down and rested his head in his arms. He hated English. "Well come on Percy, you don't even have to try. Chiron used the mist so the teacher thinks you're acing your tests remember?" Percy's head shot up, "Why'd he do that!" "Because he knew you sucked at school," Grover said pulling out his binder. Percy frowned, "Don't approve of the reason but in that case I'm taking a nap." Grover huffed, "Tough luck. The teacher will only think you pass if you actually write it." Percy waved him off, "I will. I'll just give random answers." Grover frowned, "Fine, whatever." Percy smirked and closed his eyes letting his sleep come. He dreamt of Annabeth, not a child friendly dream either. They hadn't done it since camp so naturally Percy was dreaming of it. He was sitting on his couch at home and Annabeth straddled him and began to kiss him and his hands were everywhere on her body making her moan. She leaned away and smirked, "What's the capital of Ontario?" Percy frowned, "What?" "MR. JACKSON!" Percy's head shot up and he rubbed his eyes and looked around to see kids snickering, including Grover. He looked up to see their teacher, Mr. Pines, glaring at him. "What's the capital of Ontario?" he asked Percy. Percy frowned, "Isn't this English?" The class burst out laughing and Percy frowned confused as to what was happening. "Mr. Jackson English ended about an hour and a half ago. You are now sitting in Social 30-2," Mr. Pines said. Percy blushed, "Shit really?" The kids all burst out laughing again and Grover couldn't help but join them snickering into his arms. Another boy with red hair cute short and pale green eyes, was sitting just ahead of Percy and was grinning at Percy. He whispered through his teeth, "Toronto." "I'll ask again, what is the capital of Ontario Mr. Jackson," Mr. Pines said. "Toronto?" Percy guessed. Mr. Pines frowned, "Yes…actually. Correct." Mr. Pines turned back to the board and continued with the lessons on the Underground Railroad, which had NOTHING to do with Toronto by the way. Percy smiled at the redhead, "Thanks man." The guy smiled back, "No problem. The name is Devon. You?" "Percy." "Like the Greek hero?" Devon asked. Percy nodded, "Yeah, pretty silly huh?" Devon shook his head, "I don't think so." Percy smiled, "Well thank then." Devon nodded, "Anytime. Do you want to hang with me at lunch? I'm meeting some friends; I think you'd fit in well. Grover can come too." Percy grinned, "Sure man we'd love to." "MR. JACKSON!" Percy groaned and the class laughed. After class Devon led Grover and Percy to his lunch table in the cafeteria, at the moment it was empty so they just sat on the tabletop and opened their lunches. Percy groaned again, Chiron had made him something that didn't even look edible never mind tasty. Devon looked over and frowned, "Is that…soup?" Percy shook his head, "I think its macaroni." Grover looked and laughed, "It's a sandwich." Percy did a double take, "What!?" Grover shrugged, 'If you don't want it hand it over man." Percy gladly got the…thing…out of his sight and sighed as his stomach grumbled. Devon handed him a PB&J, "Here I have like five so help your self." Percy grinned, "Thanks man." Devon smirked and took a bite of his sandwich and turned to look at the door and he suddenly stiffened. Percy frowned and looked over and realized why, there was a tall man in a trench coat with a hat covering most of his face. But Percy saw it for what it really was, a Lasitrygonian monster. Percy started to get nervous, so much for a long time of school, guess Grover and he were going to have to take Devon now. Suddenly Devon grabbed Percy's shoulder, "I'll explain later man but we should go." Percy frowned, "What?" "I can't explain but that guy in the trench coat…isn't really a man so we need to go now!" Devon said jumping to his feet. Grover nodded, "You're right he's noticed us." Devon led the way as the three of them ran into the kitchen past the lunch ladies who didn't even seem to give a crap as three kids ran as fast as they could past them. Devon slammed open the back door leading into the alley and Percy slammed his foot down and did a quick 180 and whipped out his pen. Devon shouted, "What are you doing! We have to run!" Percy shook his head, "I've dealt with tough guys likes this before!" Devon frowned, "You know?" Percy nodded, "No time to explain. Just know that I'm surprised you know too!" Percy uncapped Riptide and the sword expanded into its full, glowing glory. Just as Riptide grew to full size the Laistrygonian burst through the door its disguise gone. Percy smirked and ran straight for it rising Riptide, Devon shouted but Percy ignored him focusing on the task at hand. The giant took a swing with his fist but Percy jumped to the side and sliced at its legs but missed as the giant jumped back. The monster roared and Percy turned and ran for the alley wall and the giant wasn't far behind. Just as he reached the wall Percy burst out his new trick and ran up the wall and pushed off flipping his body and landed hard on his feet a few feet behind the Laistrygonian. Before the giant could even turn his head Percy moved slashing a diagonal slice across its back and the giant exploded into a large cloud of dust falling around Percy's feet. Devon and Grover were hugging each other tightly due tot eh excitement and then noticed what they were doing and shoved each other away blushing and rubbing the back of their heads. Percy nodded at Devon, "Time's up. You're coming with me and Grover." Devon frowned, "Where are we going?" Percy smiled, "Home." The cab pulled up next to Camp and Percy stepped out paying the driver who was utterly confused. "Why do you kids keep coming to this stupid strawberry farm?" he asked. Percy waved him off, "Never mind. Thanks man." Devon and Grover stepped up next to Percy as the cab drove off and Devon frowned to himself. "Didn't that dude see the camp?" He asked. Percy shook his head, "He's a mortal. He can't see anything." Devon nodded, "Oh yeah, makes sense." Percy shook his head, "How do you know all this already?" "My mom," Devon said. Grover frowned, "Who's your mom?" "Hecate," Devon said. Percy's mouth dropped, "Seriously?" Devon nodded, "Yeah so?" Percy shrugged, "I don't know, you seemed more like an Ares kid." Devon frowned, "Ares is a total asshole." Percy nodded, "Trust me, I know man." Devon smiled, "Good. Met him once, kicked my ass." Percy flashed a grin, "Really? Because last time I fought him, he left pretty pissed about losing." Devon's eyes widened, "Seriously?" Percy was about to say something when there was shriek and they both turned to see a girl running towards them. She had large breasts, at least 36C, black hair and pretty blue eyes. She was running as fast as she could and Percy couldn't help but smile and hold his arms open. The girl jumped into them wrapping her legs around his waist and squealing, "Percy!" Devon laughed, "This your girlfriend?" Percy immediately put the girl down and they both blushed, "No! My girlfriend is named Annabeth. This is Lilly, an old friend." Lilly nodded, "We've fucked a few times but yeah no we are NOT dating." Devon's mouth dropped and Percy not so subtly smacked her upside the head, "She's a jokester." Devon, mouth still open, nodded, "Oh. Ok." Lilly smiled rubbing her head, "Anyways I got to go, Will and I are going to for a walk in the woods." Lilly ran off down the hill and Percy and Devon both inclined their heads to watch her bubble ass bounce with every step. They both noticed each other looking and blushed laughing as they rubbed their heads, embarrassed. "So what now?" Devon asked. Percy smiled, "I get to leave you with Chiron." "The centaur Chiron?" Devon asked. Percy nodded, "But something tells me your mom taught you a bunch and he won't need to explain too much." Devon smiled, "Yeah my mom has been really good to me." Percy nodded, "Anyways let's get going. Come on Grover." The three of them made their way down the hill towards the Big House, Grover grabbing a tin can from his pocket and taking a bite. Devon eyed that scene with confused and horrified eyes but said nothing and simply followed Percy. When they reached the door Percy smirked, "You have nothing to worry about, Chiron is really nice." Percy opened the door and was instantly tackled to the floor. "Gah!" He shouted as a flash slammed into him. Devon screamed and jumped over the deck railing into the bushes and Grover jumped to the side. "PERCY! You IDIOT!" Percy started laughing, "Oh, hey Annabeth." Annabeth was on top of her boyfriend both hands on either side of his head and knees pressed into his