A/N: This is abirthday gift for my sister, the lovely and talented Oceana, who likes Hobbits. It has been in the works for some time, but real life delayed its completion. In the best Hobbit tradition, therefore, I am posting it not on her birthday but on mine. Love you, dear. Also, for those of you who are following This Present Darkness , fear not. The next chapter will be coming as soon as I can manage it. In the meanwhile, please enjoy this trip back to the Fellowship as it should be. Disclaimer: The characters and setting seen here are the creation of J.R.R. Tolkien and the property of the Tolkien Estate, New Line Cinema, and just about everyone else in the world except me. So it goes. The Importance of Being a Hobbit "And two and three – guard up, guard up , that's it – and three and four…" Boromir's steady count was punctuated by the ring of steel. Breathing hard, Merry tried to match the captain's moves. Again and again he blocked Boromir's sword, until his arms felt leaden from the repeated shock of metal on metal. Two of his knuckles were scraped red, and the knee of his breeches was torn. His shirt stuck to his back, and the pale winter sunshine seemed unseasonably warm against his neck. But he was doing well. Already he'd surpassed his score of yesterday and once, when he managed to get up under Boromir's guard, he actually put the tall Man on the defensive for a few strokes. The surprise in Boromir's eyes was worth any number of scraped knuckles, Merry thought. A short while later the Man called a halt to their practice. Merry wiped the sweat from his forehead, trying not to breathe too heavily. He was a member of the Fellowship, just like Boromir, and it would not do to collapse in exhaustion when his sparring partner appeared barely winded. He returned Boromir's salute, raising his sword with hands that hardly shook at all, and made his way back across the clearing to where the rest of the Fellowship had made camp for the day. "That was well done, Mr. Merry," Sam said appreciatively as he joined them. "Thank you," Merry answered, lowering himself with as much dignity as he could manage onto the ground between Frodo and Pippin. His knees gave out about halfway down and he landed a bit harder than he had intended, but he did not collapse. No one could say he collapsed. "Fancy taking on a full-grown Man," Frodo said thoughtfully. He handed Merry a water skin and shot a look at his short blade. "Those were good swords we got from the barrow, in any case. Yours isn't even notched." Merry repressed a shiver at the thought of that dreadful place. "Maybe so," he said, lowering the water skin and wiping his mouth. "But I'd rather have an Elven blade, like Sting, if I were given the choice. I don't much care to be beholden to a Barrow-wight." "A blade of Westernesse is not to be scorned, whatever its source," Gandalf said mildly. The wizard was seated on a fallen log a little apart from the others. His staff was propped against the tree at his back and his empty supper bowl lay on the ground beside him. Now he drew a small pouch from the folds of his robes and began unhurriedly to fill his pipe. "Aye, and you ought not to put too much faith in Elvish weapons," Gimli added from his seat next to Boromir, at mid-point between the Hobbits and the Big Folk. The Dwarf cast a challenging look toward Legolas, who was seated cross-legged on the ground next to Aragorn, his archery supplies spread before him. He raised his voice slightly. "If I had access to my forge, Master Hobbit, I could craft you a sword finer than that in any Elf-king's hoard." Legolas was carefully winding thread about a new arrow's fletching, and spoke without looking up. "That is a claim unlikely to be tested in the course of our journey. Curious that a Dwarf's boasts are always impossible to verify at the time, is it not?" "Regardless of where the sword came from, it is a good one, and finely crafted," Aragorn broke in hastily, as Gimli glowered at the top of Legolas' bowed head. Mentally Merry tallied a point to the Elf. By his count Legolas was leading Gimli in this day's insults by 14 to 5. "You handle it well, Meriadoc." Merry glowed with pride at Aragorn's praise, forgetting the weariness of his muscles and the ache that was developing in his lower back. "I wonder what it would be like, though, fighting for real," Frodo mused. "I know that Boromir holds back a little when we practice. I'm not sure I'd like it if he didn't." Merry deflated a little, looking from Frodo to Boromir. He hadn't thought that the Man had held back so much. A cold weight seemed to creep into his stomach. "You may get your chance, nonetheless," Legolas said quietly. He exchanged a look with Aragorn. "There are Orcs as large as Men, in the mountains." "And worse than that, if you approach the dark lands," Boromir said grimly. He made a face, then, as the smoke from Gandalf's pipe drifted over them. Setting aside his supper bowl, he got to his feet. "Come, Master Took, it's your turn." "Me?" Pippin looked up in alarm. "But I'm eating!" "You've been eating ever since we stopped," Merry said with some annoyance. "Come on, Pip, this isn't a walking party." He regretted it as soon as the words left his mouth, but it was too late to recall them. Pippin's green eyes widened in surprise and hurt, and then he stood, grabbing up his sword. "Pippin," Merry began, "I didn't mean –" But Pippin wasn't listening. Taking a gulp from his water skin, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and set it aside. "All right, Mr. Boromir," he said with forced cheerfulness. "A quick round before pudding, what do you say?" "At your convenience, Master Took," Boromir said, smiling as he followed Pippin's small form across the clearing. Merry picked absently at his food, watching as Pippin and Boromir moved into guard position. Pippin was holding his sword too close to the pommel, he thought. The weight of the blade was dragging it down, and when he brought it up to block Boromir's sword the shock of contact jarred it from his hand altogether. Pippin laughed and ran to pick it up, and Merry saw Boromir bend down, adjusting the Hobbit's grip. Pippin took a few practice swings, then looked up and said something that made Boromir laugh in turn. On the second attempt Pippin managed to block three of Boromir's strikes before his blade clattered away again into the brush. "Do you have a toothache?" Merry blinked and looked around to find Sam watching him with some concern. He shook his head, not sure that he'd heard properly. "I'm sorry?" Sam gestured to his rapidly cooling dinner. "You've hardly touched your food, Mr. Merry. And you're sitting there with your face all screwed up; I thought maybe your teeth were paining you. I've got some willow bark you could chew, if you like." "Oh." Merry glanced down at the bowl in his hands. "No, I'm fine, Sam. Thank you. I suppose that I'm just not very hungry at the moment." Pippin was crawling out from under a gooseberry bush, sword in hand, complaining loudly about a new tear he'd acquired in his shirt. Small leaves and bits of twig had snagged in his hair. "We've been walking all night!" Sam said. "Of course you're hungry! And you ought to enjoy something hot while you can get it, Mr. Merry. Strider says that the game won't last as we head up into the mountains, and Gandalf won't permit a fire when it's dark." This had been a point of some contention between Gandalf and the Hobbits. "I know," Merry said. "I'll eat it, Sam. Later." Pippin was facing Boromir again, sword at the ready. This time it took only two strikes before he lost it again. "You do that, Mr. Merry," Sam said firmly. "Only three days since we left Rivendell, and we've got a long ways to go. You need to keep up your strength." On the other side of the clearing Pippin abandoned his sword entirely and charged Boromir, head down and legs pistoning. Startled, Boromir took a step back and stumbled over one of the fallen branches that littered the wood. As he teetered on the edge of balance Pippin hit him, and he went down with a lapful of Hobbit. The rest of the Fellowship laughed. Merry winced. "What's he playing at?" Merry muttered. Sam blinked, and followed his gaze across the clearing to where Pippin was now using his full weight to hold down one of Boromir's arms. Aragorn had risen to offer assistance to his fellow Man, but was laughing too hard to be of much use. Legolas kept his attention focused on his arrows, but a faint smile played over his lips as he worked. Gimli seemed to have forgotten their most recent squabble and was chuckling as he filled his pipe. Gandalf appeared to be lost in some wizard meditation, but his eyes were twinkling and there was a suspicious quirk to his lips as he drew on his pipe. Even Frodo was smiling, and that sight alone was enough to make Sam bless Pippin's antics. "How do you mean, Mr. Merry?" Sam began to gather up the discarded supper bowls. Merry gestured with his eating knife. "This is important , Sam. Sword training is important. We're out in the Wild now, and what's Pippin going to do if we're attacked by – by Orcs, or wolves or bears or something? Lose his sword and hope they laugh themselves to death?" "Not much call for bears attacking people out here," Sam said thoughtfully. "Not according to Strider, anyway. And as for Orcs and the rest, well, that's why we set watches, isn't it? I don't reckon Gandalf'd let any creep up on us, and that's why Strider and Mr. Legolas do all those patrols, and we've got Mr. Gimli and Mr. Boromir too." "Yes, but…" Merry sighed. "We ought not to depend on the Big Folk to protect us all the time, Sam. In Buckland we defended our own borders, and we didn't need anyone to help us." "Well that's true enough," Sam conceded. "But…" "But what?" Merry's eyes narrowed. Sam looked faintly embarrassed. "It's just, at the Council meeting I thought Strider said something about them Rangers patrolling around the Shire. Keeping folk safe, like, even if they didn't know about it." " What? " Merry nearly dropped his supper bowl. "You mean we – he – they –" he sputtered into silence, too outraged to speak. Sam shrugged. "That's what I thought, anyway. Maybe he didn't mean over by Buckland, though. You'd have to ask him." He stood, carefully balancing the Fellowships' variously sized wooden bowls and cutlery. "Could you help me with the washing up, Mr. Merry?" Merry was staring into space, his jaw clenched so hard that it hurt. He blinked at this sudden change in topic, though, and glanced up. "Me? But I did it last night!" Sam nodded. "Aye, and I did it the morning before. By rights it's Pippin's turn, but he's busy with Mr. Boromir, so I thought he could do double tonight, to make up. I wouldn't ask, but Gimli's on first watch today, and Strider'll be patrolling again before he sleeps, and Gandalf is . . . Gandalf." he finished. And you cooked supper, Sam, but Legolas shot the rabbits, and you wouldn't dream of asking an Elf to do the washing up anyway, Merry added