"Effie Trinket is at the peak of her career and everything seems to be going well in her relatively simple life. Haymitch Abernathy had been hiding from the spotlight for years, until his old friend decided he should get back to work again. The two meet in front of a camera more-less out of necessity, and soon find out that the line bewteen reality and pretending can be often very thin. || Hayffie Actors AU" "PROLOGUE" i. NOW His eyes were fixated on the phone that just kept ringing. It was always ringing these days. The press was insistent but he wasn't planning on giving in. No wonder that people were curious - one would think that he'd never miss such an event. One would think he'd grab every opportunity. It was the same as after the press tour. Everybody wanted to know why he didn't come. Everybody wanted to know what all of this meant. How could he explain it to anyone if he didn't understand it himself? He talked to Peeta earlier that day, right after he woke up. Peeta was the only person who could get him to actually respond to any attempt at contacting him. That was a bit of a surprise, really. Katniss seemed to be more understanding of the stance he took. The rest, not so much, but Peeta, if nothing else, at least didn't comment on his decisions, not until this morning when he left him a message on his home phone's answering machine to immediately call him back, knowing well that all texts and e-mails would go without a notice. "Are you sure?" the boy asked, uncertainity vibrating in his voice. "I mean, this is… a big thing." "I'm totally sure," he retorted. "Stop trying to make me change my mind. I've had enough of that." "You've talked to Plutarch yet?" "He knows." Peeta sighed on the other end of the phone. Haymitch could imagine him sitting on the twin-sized bed in his hotel room, the helpless teenage mess all around, different shirts he'd previously tried on, the crumpled up papers with the scripts for the interviews, piles of magazines, notebooks with various sketches and doodles. He kind of missed the kid, though he wasn't really planning on telling him that. "And her?" Haymitch snorted. "She doesn't care." "I'd dare to disagree with that." He closed his eyes and rest his head against the wall. For some reason, the sound that was the most prominent right now was the ticking of the clock in the main hall, and he found it ironic. It was no secret that he'd been running out of time lately. "Look, if she wanted me to go… she would have just asked me." " Haymitch ," hissed Peeta impatiently. "You didn't even give her a chance . It's not as though you left her with many choices, you know?" "I don't care." "Yes, you do ," argued the boy, "that's your problem. You care a lot ." "What do you want from me?" snapped Haymitch, immediately regretting this sudden outburst. "Look, sorry, Peeta, but it is how it is. There's no point in… just, enjoy it, boy. It's your day. And Katniss'. You focus on yourselves, okay?" "Okay." There was silence for a while. "Katniss misses you. We all do." Haymitch chuckled bitterly, bringing the bottle to his lips. "You're better off like this." Peeta sounded hesitant when he spoke. "What are you going to do now?" "What I've been doing for the past twenty years, probably." "That's not right, Haymitch. That's… a waste. After everything-" "You can tell Plutarch that he failed again," Haymitch shrugged to himself, "I'm not built for this shit. And things happened. You don't need me there." "We do, Haymitch, we do ." A pause. "And she misses you." He was very well aware that Peeta wasn't talking about Katniss this time, but he couldn't bring himself to respond to it. It's been the same thing, over and over, for so many months. It felt as if for the past quarter a year, his world went grey again. He often shook his head at himself, but it kind of reminded him of the story where when you meet your soulmate, your world, previously just black and white, goes into color. When they leave, for whatever reason, the colors fade again. His world had been so devoid of color lately… his worst fear was slowly taking over him again. Once more, he was falling back to his old habits. Being drunk all day, falling asleep at random places, throwing sudden fits of anger, accompanied by destroying his house slowly and methodically, one breakdown at a time… he was slowly getting tired of all the dullness, but even more so, he was getting tired of having his world all lit up just for someone to make it go grey again. And even more so, he was getting tired of somehow always managing to royally fuck up the only good thing in his life. But that didn't matter now. Nothing really mattered. Peeta sighed again. "Look, I have to go. We've got some interviews. I just wanted to say thank you… for everything. You really… you still have time. If you want to come-" "No." "Are you going to watch?" " No ." "Okay." He cleared his throat. "I will call you later, Haymitch. We'll come visit you. We'll bring Finnick and Johanna." Haymitch smiled to himself, and he didn't know why, because the only thing he registered was the ugly sting in his chest when he noticed Peeta's sudden caution. "Take care, Peeta." "I will. You do, too. The red carpet starts at four. Ceremony at five thirty. Just saying." The call ended and Haymitch put the phone back to the cradle, but stayed in his place right beside it, staring at the wall in front of him, and he couldn't tell whether it had always been grey or if it had only gotten such a dreary hue lately. He stood there, and the phone didn't stop ringing for the next few hours, the sound resonating through his skull and vibrating in his bones, wafting through the empty halls. He decided to just let it ring. ii. March, New York City It actually all started with a phone call. There weren't many phone calls in Haymitch's life. He prefered talking face to face, or, even better, not talking at all. The only people he still talked to were mostly people he couldn't really avoid speaking with, like the newspaper boy, constantly complaining about not getting paid in weeks, or his neighbour, a young pious guy who kept inviting him to garage sells or Bible reading or, most recently, the gardening club. He also once hinted the support group that met once a week in the church's basement, which basically consited of alcoholics, drug addicts and stray kids of the neighbourhood, sharing their heart-wrenching stories of becoming homeless, losing their jobs, turning to addictive substances. Haymitch took a great pleasure in turning him down, mostly because that man never seemed to take it personally, but Haymitch was used to the gentle shades of sarcasm going unnoticed. Aside from that group of people, there was one person he stayed in touch with. Chaff often called him, usually to check if he hasn't died from overdose yet, update him on his life, and promise to visit soon, Haymitch then wouldn't hear from him for a few weeks, then he'd call again. Haymitch never called him first anymore. But that call was different. When Haymitch picked up, still a bit dazed from yesterday's spree, he could tell something was wrong. It wasn't like Chaff to be this impatient. It wasn't like him to be this serious, either. He said that he was in Richmond and that the two needed to meet as soon as possible. "Is something wrong?" he asked immediately. "Nothing's wrong," was the cheerful but careful reply, "I just need to talk to you. Like, soon . When does it suit you?" "Slow down," groaned Haymitch, gulping down his water with aspirin, "where are you?" "On the airport, actually. I need somewhere to sleep over, I'm going to New York tomorrow. So, is tomorrow alright?" "Yeah, I guess." Haymitch paused. "Why?" "I'll explain it later," promised Chaff impatiently, "but it's important. So today at seven, at Sae's? As always?" They met up at Sae's and ended up going to the airport the next morning. New York on the break of March and April was unusually hot. Haymitch didn't like the city in general - people, cars, loud noises - but the weather took the cake. He was used to Virginia's harsh winters and warm summers, but the temperature jumps were still nothing compared to the North East. He looked out of the cab's window, the surroundings all bright banners, flashy billboards and busy crowds, and rolled it down, ignoring the driver's dirty look in the rearview mirror. "So," he started, turning his look to Chaff who sat next to him, fanning himself with his newspapers, "are you finally gonna tell me why we're here?" "I already told you," his friend shrugged, "I've got a meeting." Haymitch rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I know, but I'd love to know what kind of meeting it is that you can't go there by yourself and have to drag me across the whole East Coast for it." "I just like your company," said Chaff calmly, earning Haymitch's annoyed glare. "Just for once do me a solid and cut the bullshit." "You'll see." Haymitch sighed and turned back to watching the Eight Avenue pass by, trying to think of the last time he visited the city. That could easily be over a decade ago. He didn't have many reasons to come here, as there wasn't much socializing in Haymitch's life in general. Plutarch Heavensbee was one of the people who never let the contact break for too long. He still lived in New York, that much Haymitch knew, and remembering it now, the last time he came over was because of him. "We're here." The cab abruptly stopped in front of a tall art deco building in Chelsea. Chaff pulled a crumpled twenty dollar note out of his jeans, handed it to the surly driver and got out, Haymitch following his example without bothering to roll the window up again. They stood there until the cab left, Haymitch feeling the annoyance slowly taking over him. "Chaff-" "Let's just go," Chaff offered, leading Haymitch to the entrance. They walked into the building, a spacey hall full of people welcoming them. There were three elevators, Chaff called one of them and they waited for it in silence, occasionally moving out of the way of a hurrying lawyer or some pissed off assistant. When Chaff visited Haymitch the day before, he looked really smug and Haymitch didn't like it. It took him some while to let Chaff convince him to come along. Generally, convincing Haymitch to leave the house was craft. There have been times when Chaff grew seriously worried. "Have you ever thought about seeing a therapist?" he brought up one day. "What the hell should I be seeing a therapist for?" grunted Haymitch in response. "Well, you know…" Of course Haymitch knew what Chaff was refering to. His drinking, his moods, his nightmares… sometime, a few years ago, Chaff decided that Haymitch was depressed. Maybe he was, maybe he wasn't, in every case, his lifestyle was alarming at best and slowly but surely deadly at worst. "You have trouble sleeping, you almost don't eat, basically don't go out, your house is a mess, you drink like a fish-" "I'm fine ," Haymitch cut him off, and that's how their first conversation on this topic ended, just like every single one after that. Chaff insisted that Haymitch just didn't want to accept that he wasn't fine. The truth was, Haymitch knew it very well, he