"Effie and Haymitch's marriage doesn't really differ from any other seven years long marriage. They got together young and stayed together through both worse and better, and now they're slowly drifting apart. And like all married people, they have their secrets, and it turns out they might not know each other as well as they thought - at all. | Hayffie Mr. & Mrs. Smith AU" Disclaimer: All characters except for the original ones belong to Suzanne Collins. Unfortunately. Chapter I. i. The bar was filled with smoke, loud people and the promise of a long night. Haymitch was leaning with his back against the counter, slowly finishing his second whiskey. His eyes wandered around every few seconds, occasionally meeting with the eyes of a short-haired woman sitting in the box opposite him across the room, then continued to observe the surroundings warily. Everybody was wasted, shouting something inarculate, ordering more shots. There was a live broadcast of a third-league baseball match on TV - Midland versus Pittsfield, only paid attention to by die-hard fans who were arguing over the score. Things could get quite lively on a Friday evening here, he mused. This one-horse-town in North Carolina wasn't a place you'd go for a vacation to, but it was a good place for different kinds of things. If everything went according to the plan, he'd be done here soon. All of his senses were working in the way only a trained person's could, combined with effortless pretending that he was just like most of the people here, enjoying a Friday night like anyone else, hiding here away from his responsibilities, problems or angry wife for a drink or two, to watch the baseball game and to clear his head. He didn't really have a night like this in a long time and he almost gave in to his own game - he almost relaxed himself, entertaining himself with what was going on on the TV screen, enjoying the whiskey sliding down his throat and numbing him in all the right ways. Bars like these reminded him of the early years of this. Just Chaff and him after a succesful action, and booze and long nights out in the streets of the city they were currently in. Sometimes it would be Stockholm, sometimes it would be Tokio, sometimes it would be some godforsaken town in the middle of Arkansas, and that was what made it so special. You never knew where the night was gonna end, though most of the time it would be a strange hotel room with a girl he couldn't remember picking up the night before by his side, tangled up in weirdly stained sheets and lying on his arm in such position so there was no way for him to escape, and he had to wait until she woke up, then face the awkward hangover talk before saying even more akward goodbye and looking for Chaff everywhere, before finding him sleeping on the sofa in the lobby- well, that was one version of how the night would end, and it didn't always have the same process and it didn't always end up in them puking out of the taxi cab on their way to their place. There were some pretty good nights, too. Or ones that would LEAD to something good. Somebody walked in, a gaunt young man in a baseball cap and a navy blue nylon jacket that appeared almost black in the gloom with the number three on his back, and made his way through the crowded room to the bar. Haymitch turned around and waved at the bartender, a tall, young guy with greasy black hair drying a wine glass. "Sorry," said Haymitch quietly and placed a twenty dollar banknote on the counter, "I'll pay." "Good, so it's two whiskeys and a soda," named the boy and took the money, counting in his head quickly. "Keep the change," replied Haymitch mind-lessly, side-eyeing the man in the blue jacket who ordered a vodka from the other bartender and leant in, urgently whispering something into his ear. The bartender slowly nodded and then disappeared in the staff room, returning only seconds later with a key he discreetly passed to him on the counter. The man grunted something in response and walked over to the rear exit, nobody really paying attention to him because a Midland player just striked a point and everybody started either cheering or grumbling, totally focused on the Pittsfield couch yelling something at the catcher who got into a heated argument with the rival's pitcher - a messy scene that caused enough havoc in the pub for the man to get lost without anyone giving a care. Haymitch took the chance at stealthily following the man as the whole room roared, waiting a few moments before walking out into the warm spring night as well. The metal door closed heavily, echoing in the night's peaceful quiet and the man turned around with a startled look plastered in his milky pale, zit-covered face. "Wha- what are you doing?" he stuttered in a strong Russian accent. "I got an invitation from a friend." "You know about the club?" The man frowned suspiciously, slowly eyeing him up and down, probably looking for a gun or a recorder or something. The hesitation in his voice gave Haymitch a certain advantage. "Ask Alan." Very few people, and certainly not this kid, knew that Alan Whitfield was shot somewhere in Arizona several weeks ago, and nobody seemed to care. Chaff had been keeping an eye on this group for a few weeks. He was better at this than Haymitch, he had patience and people skills, and less hit-and-go tendencies. The Russian guy glared at him for one more second, then shrugged. "I'm Nestor." "Hayden," he said quickly but convicingly, and he could almost hear Johanna laughing in his head. Nestor finally melted and beckoned at him, walking in the opposite direction. Haymitch followed, keeping his distance a few feet behind him. The pub was located on the Main Street of Lancaster, a small town in Greensboro suburbs. It neighbored with a hairdresser's and a closed gym from the sides and old public garages from behind, forming a cobbled square-shaped backyard with tufts of grass growing between the tiles, that apparently lost its intended purpose of a nice summer seating and was now a dumping ground, judging from the barrells and tires and broken furniture carelessly scattered around. The garages were long abandoned and now served as the perfect meeting spot for all the cranks of the town. They stopped in front of one of them, Nestor shakily bringing the key he got from the bartender to the locker on the rear entrance to the garage. Through the narrow, curtained windows shone a thin stripe of fluorescent light. The Russian unlocked, gifting Haymitch with one last uncertain attempt. "I really should not be doing this." That guy wasn't the brightest person here, and Haymitch couldn't lose time. The cell phone in the inner pocket of his jacket vibrated, and he bit his lip to supress a groan. He knew who it was without having to look. "They're in this garage," pointed Nestor out uselessly in resignation, and pushed the door open, allowing Haymitch to walk in first, then closing it behind them and locking it again. Three pairs of eyes fixated on him. Their owners were sitting around a large round table in the corner of the room, three other chairs empty. The ingratiating smell of liquor and cigars lingered in the air heavy with smoke, and Nestor shuffled next to him, waiting who was going to ask first what this was supposed to mean. "Who's that?" A rough-voiced man in his early fifties broke the silence first. He was holding a glass of burbon in fat calloused fingers, and from beneath his furry eyebrows stared at Haymitch with empty, dark eyes. "This is Hayden," explained Nestor, nervously playing with the sleeve of his blue jacket. "He says Alan invited him along." Three men raised their brows. "Alan hasn't showed up in a month, if not more." "How come?" asked Haymitch dumbly. One of the men, holding a cigar in his right hand, since he kind of lacked the left one, shrugged. "We don't know. He probably got echo from someone." "You bet your ass he's in Tijuana by now," the third man chipped in. The old man put down his glass, tapping on the empty seat next to him. "Sit down. I'm Harry, by the way. This," he waved towards the other two men, "is Joe and Mac." "Hey." He sat down to them, Nestor following, but the guy named Harry snorted. "I don't think so, boy," said Harry, jerking his head towards the exit. "This is a private party." Haymitch shot Nestor a sympathetic look as the kid slowly unlocked the door, slipped into the darkness and then they heard the rustlling of the key in the locker again. He was almost glad that Nestor wasn't here. "Drink?" asked Harry, lifting a bottle of whiskey in an offering gesture. "No, thanks." "Cigar?" "Don't smoke." "I hope you know how to play poker." "Kinda." Haymitch watched Mac as he emptied his glass, probably not his first this evening, and began to mix cards in one hand with surprising practice. While he was handing them out, the door opened again, and it wasn't Nestor. This guy was tall, chunky and had shoulder-long brown hair, in interesting contrast with his deep blue suit. He could just be a hippie-gone-wrong executive officer, or a lawyer you wouldn't choose to represent you with a gun at your temple, but somehow manages to win every time, giving all his earnings to some charity and living the boho way though life. Or at least that was the vibe he gave off. Harry stopped in his actions and put the cards down. "Hey, Andy, sit down with us," proposed Harry and Mac started handing out the cards again, laying down Andrew's own pair. "We were about to play a game." "Game?" the newcomer looked at Haymitch scornfully. "Who's that?" "Hayden," replied Mac, "Alan invited him." Andrew chuckled. "Really? Then you probably know where he is." "I don't," said Haymitch simply. "It was an old invitation. I thought I'd find him here." Andrew nodded slowly, probably not fully convinced but also not really interested anymore at the same time. He carefully walked to the table and slumped down next to Haymitch, who had to hold his breath for a second before breathing through his mouth. He didn't always take a shower and didn't bother to comb his hair sometimes, but compared to this guy, he was still a star in the personal hygiene field. He smelled like a cheap collogne, weed and maybe urine, but that could have been anything. Andrew opened the bottle of whiskey Harry offered him, took a gulp and then brought a pack of cigarettes out of his pocket, putting one between his yellowed teeth and lit it up, blowing the smoke in Haymitch's face. All the cards have been dealt. Joe started the game. "How much have you got?" It took Haymitch a moment before understanding that the question was directed at him. He wasn't a big fan of card games in general. That was Chaff's field. His friend tried to explain the basics to him on a few occasions, but it didn't have the desired effect. "You see," continued Mac when he saw Hamitch's hesitation, "small blind. How much?" "Ten." "Ten," repeated Joe with a mischevious grin and took the money Haymitch fished out of his pocket. "Alright. You?" he fixated his eyes on Andrew, trying to sit up straight on Haymitch's left side. Andrew snorted drunkenly, throwing a twenty dollar note on the table. Haymitch put the money in as well, reaching for a bottle of gin provocatively standing on the table and used one of the free glasses