AN: Hey guys this is my first Fanfiction, I am not experienced in writing Fanfictions but I will welcome any advice that you guys give me. I personally am a Team Edward gal so if I offend any Team Jacob members, I apologize in advanced. This is my first chapter and please review it so that I know what you think and please enjoy it. Summary: Isabella Marie Swan is a rebel. She recently lost her mother and her step-father. She is being sent to live with Charlie Swan, her biological father. She only knows that he was there for her birth. She will be starting school in Forks High, where she will meet rebel Edward Anthony Cullen. Will sparks fly between the 2 rebels, or will Bella's past come back to haunt her? Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of the characters, Stephenie Meyer does. I only own the plot and an alpaca! Bella's POV I never thought that I would be on this plane today, on the way to meet my father for the first time in over 17 years. I loved my father but my mom was like my best friend, so I lived with my mother. It was all perfect until that day. I can remember it as if it were yesterday. It was actually 2 weeks ago. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Flashback~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I was coming home from soccer practice at my school. I was riding my baby, my sports bike. It was a black Suzuki Hayabusa GSX1300R. Yes as you can see I love anything that has a motor. I parked my bike in the garage. I took of my helmet off and hung it on the bikes handle. I felt a weird sensation, as if something bad had happened. I shrugged it off and went into the house, careful not to trip on my own feet. I made it inside the house safely and sent a silent thanks to the heavens. "Mom, Phil i'm home!" They always waited for me to be home. I waited for a response but it never came. I was starting to get worried, if they had to go somewhere they always gave me a warning call or they just left a note. A note that's it! I half-ran to the kitchen, expecting to find a note. What I found in the kitchen was something I would have never imagined. My mother and stepfather were in the kitchen, both in large puddles of their own blood. I ran to both of them. I checked Phils pulse like I was taught in my health class. His heart had stopped beating, he was dead. I turned to my mother, scared of what the result would be. I gently grabbed her arm, put my fingers on her wrist and waited. I didn't feel anything except cold, hard skin. I couldn't believe it, my mother and stepfather were dead. I couldn't hold the tears in, There was a note over my mother's un-beating heart. I took it and opened it with trembling hands. The note said: *He didn't do his part so we're doing ours. Your daughter isn't safe either. We'll be watching. The Romans I felt a chill run down my spine at the name. That was the most feared gang in all of Arizona. I let all of the emotions I had tried to keep inside when people called me names or did something to upset me.. People in my school didn't like people being different. If I wear black and ride a bike I am instantly considered an emo, a suicidal girl and a tomboy. I wouldn't argue with the tomboy part, but seriously emo and suicidal! They just didn't get it. My only family left now was Charlie, but he was in Forks, Washington. All the way across the country. I didn't know what to do so I just called 911. (Bella, Operator ) O-Hello this is the police department, what is your emergency? B-Hey, I arrived home and I found my mother Renee and her husband my stepfather dead! They don't have a pulse and it looks like stab marks in their torsos. I found a note on my mothers chest. It is signed by the Romans, can you send someone so that they can help me, I don't know what to do." O-Of course honey, give me your address and there will be someone there in 5 minutes. I'm so sorry." B-Thank you! My address is 218, Falls Street. Thank you once again, goodbye. I hung up and continued to cry. In 4 minutes there was a knock on the door. I walked to answer it and opened the door to reveal my moms friend, Chris. He had red eyes that I ams sure look like my own. I let him in and gave him a weak smile which he returned. "Are you going to arrest the Romans?" He laughed a humorless laugh. "I can't do that Bell's, they have many people all around Phoenix that help them. They could make an easy escape. I don't have enough evidence. The only outcome, you will have to go live with your dad. Charlie Swan has already been notified and since i'm sure you're going to want to stay for their funeral, all of the paperwork will be done in 2 weeks. I'm gonna miss you. I'm sorry for your loss." He gave me a hug which I returned. I couldn't believe it, I was still going to have to go to school for 2 weeks, and presence my family being buried. I just hope for the best, maybe this won't be so bad. I was so wrong about that, it was the worst thing ever. Everyone at school considered me a freak and they always gave me pitied glances. I couldn't take anymore of this town. I was actually glad to be leaving. I was taken out of my thoughts by the pilot announcing that we would descend soon. When we finally made it to the ground, I stood up, took my carry-on bag, and exited the plane. When I was safely on the ground, I looked around, trying to find the person known as my father. It wasn't hard to find, just look for brown mahogany hair, brown eyes. I found him next to the luggage retriever. He already had my suitcases in hand. I went up to him and stood in front of him. He put my luggage down and gave me a hug which I returned. "I missed you baby girl, I cant believe your all grown up! I do wish that I could have met you during other circumstances though. C'mon, the cruiser is this way." Oh uh, I don't think Dad is going to like my record. I had been in about 14 fights this past 2 weeks and I had even gone to the station once. Chris had helped me get out with only a warning. He understood that I was provoked. This dumbhead had said something about my Mom and as always, my fist had reacted faster than my mind. I didn't get suspended because supposedly it was to be expected from someone who lost their parents. I didn't care but now I was thinking that maybe violence isn't the right answer. I won't take back what I did ever. I showed people not to mess with me. I followed Dad to his car and made my way to the front seat. I was actually nervous to be riding on a cruiser again. Dad didn't try to make conversation the whole drive, which I was grateful for. We pulled up to a 3 story house. Next to our house were woods that surrounded 2 more houses. Our house was in the middle and all of the houses looked similar. I got out of the cruiser and was gonna go inside when the huge white Jeep in the driveway caught my attention. This was a white Jeep Wrangler with a double cylinder. It was amazing! I walked around the giant and leaned down. There was a puddle of oil coming from under the motor. I would try and take a look at this car. "Dad whose car is this. Its pretty cool!" I saw Dad sigh and just shrug. "I wanted to talk to you about that. Oh and umm I have a surprise for you in the garage." I wasnt expecting that but I made my way to the garage. I pressed the combination I was given by Dad and the door opened to reveal my beautiful Bike! "My baby! Thanks dad! I wasn't expecting it for atleast another week!" I ran to my dad and hugged him. I was glad my suitcase had my gloves and helmet. My leather jackets were safely packed in there too. I let go of my dad and followed him inside. "Do you want to have a tour?" I nodded and we proceeded to get myself familiarized with this house. In total there were 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 1 basement with a laundry room in it, a giant kitchen that looked like it hadn't been touched in years, a dining room, a living room and a game room. This house was awesome. There was also and attic and it had a beautiful white piano on the corner. I remembered my past hobbies that I let go of when my mom died. I loved to play soccer, play music, compose it, and sing it. I love to read, and I love anything that has wheels and a motor. I could finally relax and do what I loved to do again. I was grateful I had shipped all of my instruments and my soccer equipment here. I also had sent over my tools to work on my bike but I hope that I will get the chance to use my wrench on the Jeep. We were currently sitting in the living room, Dad looked like he was having an inner battle with himself. "Ok dad, what's on your mind?" He looked appalled that I knew something was up but he composed himself and gave me a weak smile. "Bella, when your mother left I was devastated, more because she had taken you with her. I didn't have a chance to have a kid of my own. That changed 1o years ago. The Mccarthys died in a car accident, leaving an 8 year old kid alone, without any relatives. I was lonely and he didn't have anyone, so I adopted him. I was a close family friend so we got along great. He still lives here, I gave him my last name. One of the rooms is Emmetts, your brothers. That's why I didn't open it, I hope you can accept him." I smiled, I couldn't believe it. I had a brother! I was so happy. "Oh my god that is amazing, I have always wanted a sibling. Ohhhh, if that Emmett's car then I'm totally gonna take a look at it!" I hugged my dad while he chuckled. "Dad has any of my other stuff gotten here?" He nodded and led me to the garage. There were like 5 boxes, 2 of them containing my equipment, tools, and music things. I helped my dad bring up the boxes and I was left in my room alone to unpack. Dad had offered but I didn't want him seeing all of the things I had packed. I opened the first box which had all of my clothes, shoes and makeup in it. I didn't wear a lot of makeup so it fit in a small pouch. When I finished unpacking that and my closet was neat and organized I moved on to the box with my bedroom things in it. I took out my note-board and hanged that on the wall. It was big and it covered almost a whole wall. I was gonna put my pictures there. I put up some of