Yo. Cross posted on AO3. Well, here's my first ever Dark Trio fic. I've been wanting to do this for ages, and finally got a decent idea. The AN at the end will be important(ish), so please read it. I'll be listing the warnings once only, so make note of them now. Warnings: abuse-all kinds, which I don't condone, self harm, MW, AW, PW, GW Bashing. I don't have much else yet, but I'll add the warnings on when I do. Oh, and current planned pairings are: TRxHP, SSxLM, RLxSB, RWxHG. More will probably be added later. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters... July 5 Order People, Well, it's been three days, so here's my next letter. Nothing much going on over here. Uncle Vernon whipped me raw again, and I haven't eaten in maybe four days, but I've had worse, so whatever, right? I appreciate those brownies, Mrs Weasley, but I have no desire to eat food spiked with potions, so maybe just, I dunno, don't put them in next time? That's all for now, I guess. Uncle Vernon wants me back in my cupboard. Harry Potter July 5 Maroon King, It's unfortunate that we have to go against members of your family, but you've said it yourself, if they aren't open to reason, what can we do? Have you been able to get anything done? I can't do much from my end, considering I'm back in my childhood bedroom. Horse, Hippo, and Whale have resumed their previous treatment, making it near impossible for me to do anything. Azure Iris and Fuchsia Storm have both informed me that the Chicken guard has been removed. I guess Lemon Sucker doesn't feel I'm in any danger from Crimson Phantom this summer. I haven't heard from Violet Mist or Amber Canis lately. Any idea why? Raven Serpent July 2 Raven Serpent, I've been looking into the prophecy, and as I thought, it's a fake. Daddy has a friend who works in the DOM. He's looking into where the real prophecy is and how the fake one got there. Blue Moon July 5 Blue Moon, I trusted you the first time you said the prophecy was fake, but it's good to have conformation. Keep me updated. Raven Serpent July 6 Raven Serpent, I've decided not to bother with the rest of my family. If they're not going to be loyal to you, then I want no part in it. I haven't really been able to get much done with all the Chicken members around all the time. Lemon Sucker's been here a few times too, and he seems to be asking lots of questions lately, all about you. Back in the childhood bedroom, huh?-and the old treatment? Damn them! Do you need any potions or anything? I can always knick them. I just heard about the guard removal too. No one's saying why. Amber Canis has been sent out to try and recruit the others like him by Lemon Sucker, which is probably why you haven't heard from him. Violet Mist is with Slate Lupus at his hideout. She's been doing research, and you know how she gets. I told her you're worried, so you should be hearing from her soon enough. Maroon King July 8 Maroon King, What has Lemon Sucker been asking? Does he seem at all suspicious? Don't worry about me. I'll be fine. They know they can't kill me anyway. Healing myself would only make things worse. So he sent Amber Canis out again, huh? It's futile. The werewolves have already agreed to join the Dark. Raven Serpent July 7 Raven Serpent, I'm sorry I didn't write to you earlier. I got caught up in my research. Maroon King told me you were worried, and that's the last thing you need right now. I'm really close to making a breakthrough here though. Lemon Sucker may have been keeping information about the scar, info that's very very important. It could be having more of an impact than we thought. Much more. Anyway, I'll get back to you later. Oh, and Slate Lupus says hello. Take care, Violet Mist July 8 Violet Mist, I'm glad you're alright, and I appreciate all the extra research you've been doing. Keep me updated though, okay? Raven Serpent July 8 Order People, Another three days already, so here's the letter to prove I'm still alive. If there's any blood on the parchment, disregard it. Dudley broke my nose again. Harry Potter July 9 Raven Serpent, He's mainly been asking whether you've been writing to anyone, and whether we noticed anything odd about you last year. We told him no, of course. He stayed around the last time your letter arrived, to make sure, but only the letter addressed to the Chickens came. It's a good thing you were able to come up with that alternative method. It's effective anyway though, so I don't think anyone'll be complaining about it any time soon. Maroon King July 11 Order People, I'm alive, and I'm not going to bother saying much more, since you won't even send a bloody response. Harry Potter July 11 Maroon King, The old man's beginning to get too curious for his own good, isn't he? Well, I'm definitely going to have to thank our messenger when this is all over. He's been doing a great job with all this. Raven Serpent July 13 Raven Serpent, You aren't going to believe what I've just figured out! I think I know how Crimson Phantom gained immortality! It's a bit strange and very dark, but I think he split his soul. It sounds absolutely insane, doesn't it? But it is possible. From what I've read, you have to commit a murder after taking part in some sort of ritual. Once the person is dead, half of your soul breaks off and enters a container of your choice. This is called a Horcrux. And yes, while practically unheard of, it is possible to create more than one. I also believe Crimson Phantom made more than one. Remember the diary? I think that was one, and I know this will be hard to hear, but there's a good chance that you're one too. It's the only thing that could explain this connection the two of you seem to share, along with your being a Parselmouth. I'm still doing more research though, so don't freak out on me, okay? Slate Lupus has a lot more books here for me to go through. Please just ask if you have any questions. Violet Mist July 14 Violet Mist, I honestly don't know what to say. He split his soul ? More than once ? I know he's into immortality, but this just seems insane. But I guess at the same time, it makes sense. " I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality." That was what he said. He also said his goal was to conquer death. But if you're right, and the diary was a Horcrux, wouldn't he have been really young when he first killed? The diary had his sixteen year old self embedded within, right? Which means he had to have been sixteen when he created it. You also said you split half your soul, right? Then his first Horcrux should have the biggest piece, and the rest would be much smaller. I suppose there would also be the question of how many he's made. I'm one of them, huh? That's-that's crazy, but you're right, it would definitely explain a lot. Why is he trying to kill me then? If I really am carrying a bit of his soul inside me, wouldn't killing me the last thing he would want? If you destroy the container, then the soul piece is destroyed too, right? I promise to remain calm, okay? Let me know what else you come up with. Raven Serpent July 13 Raven Serpent, I just heard about the whole Horcrux thing from Violet Mist. It's probably the most insane thing I've ever heard, but when has anything about Crimson Phantom actually been sane? ...I just thought of something. Maybe he's insane because of the Horcruxes. The more he makes, the smaller the piece of soul in his body gets, right? Er, how're you holding up? Vi said there's a good chance that you're one of these soul pieces. That's gotta be hard to take in. Don't do anything crazy, yeah? Maroon King July 14 Maroon King, You guys worry too much. I'm fine. I agree with it being one of the most insane things ever, but what can I do about it, really? So the more he splits his soul, the more insane he gets, huh? Which means that he wasn't always insane. I was wondering about that recently. Some of his Corpse Munchers didn't seem like they would willingly follow an insane leader. It would make sense if he was sane when all this started, and then became insane by messing around with all this Horcrux stuff. What do you think? Raven Serpent July 14 Order People, I'm alive. Harry Potter July 17 Order, Alive. HP July 15 Raven Serpent, Others have created Horcruxes before, so Crimson Phantom claiming that he's gone further than anyone else basically confirms that he's made more than one or two. I wonder how many there are? And yes, the fact that the diary had his sixteen year old self within it means he was sixteen when he created that Horcrux. I also think it's safe to assume, judging by what the diary self was doing, that it was the very first Horcrux, meaning it contained the largest piece of his soul: half. I don't really know why Crimson Phantom is trying to kill you, despite you very likely harbouring a piece of his soul. My guess would be that he doesn't know. The prophecy is why he's targeting you in the first place, but he probably has no idea just how much he would need you alive. I'm surprised you didn't ask me about how to remove the Horcrux yet. I haven't figured it out, but I'm getting there. Write to Slate Lupus, will you? He's getting a bit...moody again, probably because you can't be around and Amber Canis is away on that mission for Lemon Sucker. Violet Mist July 17 Violet Mist, Knowing Crimson Phantom, he's probably made a crazy amount of them, plus one unknown one. So, what happens when a Horcrux is destroyed? What happens to the soul in the container? Is it destroyed as well? Or does it go back to the original? I mean, if the diary really did hold half of his soul, what if it went back to him after I destroyed the diary? If the reason for Crimson Phantom being insane is the tiny soul piece left inside him (Maroon King should have filled you in) if the diary soul piece returned to him, wouldn't there be a chance to regain sanity? I wonder if Lemon Sucker really knows that I'm a Horcrux. If he does, and he's practically forcing me to fight Crimson Phantom, isn't he just setting us both up? Don't worry about Slate. I'll write to him. Raven Serpent July 17 Slate Lupus, Stop moping. You'll see both Amber Canis and I again soon enough. I'm alright, and I'm sure he is too. He's done this before, hasn't he? He knows what he's doing. Violet Mist has a lot of research on her plate, so why don't you help her out? Knowing her, she's probably freaking out because she hasn't had the time to do her summer homework yet. Amber and I will be back soon, alright? So make sure to eat properly. And stop drinking so much! Raven Serpent July 16 Raven Serpent, I've been speaking to some of my contacts at Gringotts, and all of them have said that if you haven't heard your parents'