Yo. Erm, well I wasn't going to post this until it was done, but I've hit a major block and have no idea where it's going. It started out as a Light fic, but I think it's going to end up Dark instead-maybe. I really don't know yet. Just give it a shot. Oh, POVs change around a bit, but I mark when it happens, and I'm sorry if characters are a bit ooc-haven't mastered that yet. Also, mentions of abuse-nothing detailed. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters... HP POV Darkness enveloped him in the dark, closed space. Fifteen year old Harry Potter turned to his side on the small mattress from his old cot wishing he could stretch his legs. It was nearing the end of July and it had been just about three weeks since Dumbledore had mailed the Dursleys, telling them that Sirius had died. The Dursleys had been very pleased to learn this. They had once again locked him in the cupboard under the stairs, and had locked his school stuff upstairs in his bedroom. He hadn't even been able to grab his wand or cloak or anything, since he hadn't been expecting it. How was he supposed to know that Dumbledore was going to tell them about Sirius? He had assumed that Dumbledore was expecting him to tell his relatives, not that he'd take it upon himself. Harry sighed softly in the darkness. He was trying to ignore all the pain he was in from the multiple beatings he had received since his return this summer. When his stomach rumbled, he ignored that too, but wondered how many days it had been since he had last eaten. This wasn't how he wanted to mourn his godfather... SS POV Severus Snape was stalking back to his personal quarters at Hogwarts, a glower on his face, not that anyone was there to see it. He shoved the door open, before slamming it shut behind him. "Well then, I'm glad to see that you're happy." Severus shot a vicious glare at the man who had spoken. "Not now, Lucius." Lucius Malfoy, lounging back on the couch with a glass of Firewhiskey in hand, watched in amusement as the Potions Master began to pace. "Come now, Severus, whatever the old man had to say couldn't be that bad." He sipped his whiskey. "What did he want anyway?" Severus collapsed into an armchair and ran a hand through his hair, absently glowering at the oiliness-he'd been standing over a cauldron all morning. "He wishes for me to get Potter and bring him here early." Now the blond was even more amused. "Is that all?" Severus rounded on him immediately, his head snapping up. "All?!" he repeated. "I've better things to do during my vacation than see Pampered Prince Potter," he spat. "Why Albus wants the boy here a month early I will never understand." Lucius laughed. "You're acting like a child, my friend." "Shut up." "You're going to have to do it, Severus. It cannot take you more than ten minutes." Severus continued to glower, then without a word, left, leaving Lucius in his quarters, laughing his fancy blond head off... HP POV As Harry lay there in darkness, ignoring the grumbling and groaning of his empty stomach, he was very glad that he had managed to get Hedwig out of her cage before he'd been shoved into the cupboard. Merlin only knew what her condition would be if she'd been locked up without food like him. Harry had absolutely no sense of time any more, especially not after the lightbulb had burnt out. He had no idea what day it was, or how long he'd been here for, how much longer he would be here for. "Get out here, boy! Now!" Harry started at his uncle's voice, and the unmistakable sound of the deadbolt being pulled back. Not wanting to keep Uncle Vernon waiting, he quickly pushed open the door, a hand immediately coming to shield his eyes from the bright light. He hadn't been out of that dark cupboard for days and was in no way used to the light. Considering his uncle wanted to talk in the hallway and took up most of the space in it, the teen was left to lean back against the wall. He was perfectly fine with that since he doubted his legs would support him anyway. "What is the meaning of this, boy?!" growled the large man, grabbing his shoulder and shaking him. In his other hand, he had a scrunched up piece of parchment. Holding his broken glasses in place, Harry took the sheet from his uncle and smoothed it out so he could read it. Dear Harry, For reasons I cannot explain at the present moment, I have decided to bring you up to Hogwarts a little early. I realize that you may not wish to acquiesce with my request, but it is for the best, my boy, even if it means that you are to return to school during the holiday. Unless there is some sort of delay, and I shall be sure to contact you if there is, someone will be along to pick you up Sunday at noon. Until then, Albus Dumbledore Harry couldn't believe his eyes. Was this some sort of sick joke? Did he really get to leave the Dursleys early? Sunday at noon? What day is it today? Uncle Vernon's home, so it has to be the weekend, and I don't think I heard the post arrive today... Aunt Petunia suddenly rushed into the hallway, looking worried. "Vernon! Those freaks will be here in less than half an hour!" Uncle Vernon scowled and roughly shoved Harry towards the stairs. "Go clean yourself up, Freak ." Harry didn't hesitate. Pulling himself off the ground, he rushed up the stairs. He grabbed some clean clothes from his room; Dudley's hand me downs naturally, then headed into the bathroom and jumped into the shower, ignoring the throbbing in his head where he had hit the edge of the bottom step. He normally wasn't this eager to bathe, but it had been a while. Once he was finished (he made sure not to take too long) Harry returned to the front hallway, only to find that his trunk, broomstick and Hedwig's empty cage had been brought down, and Uncle Vernon was attempting to politely speak to someone at the door. Uncle Vernon turned to him. "Get over here, boy. And don't you dare darken our doorstep until next summer." "Yes, Uncle Vernon," said Harry quietly, expertly avoiding eye contact. He took the end of his trunk and began to drag it to the door, after having balanced the broom and cage on top of it. Just as he actually managed to reach the door, his uncle grabbed him by the scruff of the neck. "One word about your treatment in my home, boy, one word at all- you will regret it." "Yes, Uncle Vernon," Harry repeated. He slipped through the barely open door, able to get through because of how thin he was, and dragged his trunk along with him. It took quite a bit of effort. And because of this effort, he didn't realize who was standing in front of him. Not until this person spoke. "I do not have all day, Mr Potter." Harry's head snapped up. "Snape...?!" For a moment he felt as if he were already back in school. The professor was dressed as he always was in those dark trousers and the frock cost with more buttons than he could bother to count. But he didn't have his robes so at least he was trying to fit in with the Muggles...not that any of the people in Privet Drive would appreciate his look either way. No one here dressed like Snape did. The man sneered. "It may be the middle of summer vacation, Potter, but I still expect a show of respect." "Yes sir," said Harry, quickly lowering his head and missing the confused look that crossed Snape's face. He looked up again when Snape tapped his large trunk with his wand, shrinking it, doing the same to his Firebolt and familiar's cage. Harry pocketed them right away, muttering his thanks. "Follow me, Potter." Unable to find the energy to complain, Harry did as told and followed the man down the street. Neither of them spoke and Harry fought to keep up with his quick, long strides. Snape didn't seem to realize that he was struggling though, and he sure as hell wasn't about to tell the man so. The man looked a little strange without his robes billowing about behind him. The thought of that very nearly made him smile. Nearly. Snape finally came to a stop at the end of the street, and held out his arm. Harry stared and the man released an irritated sigh. "Grip my arm, Mr Potter." "Why?" questioned Harry quickly before he could stop himself. The man merely raised a brow. "That's why, Sir , Potter." He paused. "We will be Apparating to Hogwarts. You do not know how to do this yet, and will have to side-along Apparate with me. So grip my arm, Mr Potter." Aware he had no choice, Harry reached out and grabbed hold of the Potions Master's right arm. "Tighter," was all Snape said. Harry tried to do so. The man let out a breath. "I will not bite you, Potter. You must tighten your grip lest you get lost in the midst of the Apparation or splinch yourself." Harry tried again, but Snape didn't seem to think it was hard enough. "I can't..." he said quietly. He knew Snape was staring at him, but he couldn't bring himself to say anything more. "Very well." Harry flinched when Snape took his arm in a tight grip. The man turned on the spot and with what sounded like a crack, they vanished. Harry felt as if he were being pulled or perhaps pushed through a very tight tube. He tried to move but couldn't, so he tried to yell and was unable to do that either. He could however, still feel Snape's hand gripping his wrist very tightly. It took Harry a moment longer to realize that he couldn't breathe. Odd considering how that should have been the first thing he noticed. Then suddenly his feet hit the solid ground, his knees buckled, his stomach churned and Harry knew that if he had had anything in his stomach it would have all come up right then. He was a little surprised when Snape didn't let go of his wrist immediately, instead waiting until he had gotten his balance back before doing so. Harry watched silently as the man pulled out his wand and tapped the large gates in front of them. They had Apparated just outside the gates to Hogwarts. "Come," said Snape when said gates had opened enough for them to enter. Harry followed his professor up the gravel walk, head tipped back as he stared up at the massive castle. He still couldn't believe this was really happening, that he had been able to leave the Dursleys so soon. A small, barely noticeable smile crept onto his face. Harry Potter was home... Snape didn't stop until they were in the Entrance Hall, and Harry followed his lead. They stood there facing one another, but Harry wasn't planning on speaking first. Snape soon began to speak, though he remained expressionless. "It may be the holiday, Potter, but you are mistaken if you believe you will not be subjected to rules." Harry filled with apprehension at these words, wondering what said rules would be. He doubted Snape's rules would be as...Durslyish as his relatives', but he simply nodded his head. "While you are here, you will sleep in your dormitory and no doubt spend the majority of your time in your Common Room. As it