J.M.J A\N: Hullo Readers! I hope everyone enjoys "Namàrië" as much as I am doing writing it. It is a Frodo Baggins fic to some people's consternation and other's delight. Yet, as a lot of Frodo fics are AU, this one is actually not. It is quite canon on the contrary. Perhaps not canon to some people's mindset about Frodo's thought waves, but everything, to my understanding, follows the "Law and Order of Middle-Earth" if you will. I shall include a Story Summary and Chapter Summary at the beginning of each new chapter (A wonderful idea I picked up from CE'Shaughnessy). And I promise you I will not stop writing, even if it takes me an eternity. I have to say, beta-ing burningSunset's fic, "Wild Child" (beautiful hobbit AU fic, people. Go and read it) has given me some more experience under my belt with the world of writing, which is my very dear passion. I hope once again you enjoy reading, and I would not mind a comment, however casual. I am known for posting elongated Notes at the beginning of my stories, but I assure you they do not come but once at the commencement of the tale. So enjoy and give some critique if you notice any flaws or room for improvement; I will surely PM you if possible or else mention you in the next chapter. And thank you, BrisingrGandalf and TheaterDiva for all of the inspiration & support. In all haste: Hobbit Freak Chapter One – Loss, Lasses and Bullies Story Summary: Frodo Baggins is a lonely lad growing up in Brandy Hall after his parent's death. An outcast and seen as a troublemaker by his family, he has many enemies and few friends. All of that changes when he meets someone who gives him a reason to do more than harbor his angry feelings for the ones who harm him. After he is taken to Bag-End to live with his cousin Bilbo, life begins shaping up for the better as he begins to grow up into a gentlehobbit full of kindness and a free spirit that is nurtured by Bilbo's newfound parenting skills. As the time passes and Frodo inherits Bag-End and another certain trinket which changes his fate forever, he is willing to give up the life he secretly longed for and struggle on to save his homeland and all he holds dear. Pre and Post-War of the Ring. Chapter Summary: Young twelve-year-old Frodo grieves for the loss of his parents, feeling utterly alone and angry as his uncles and aunts squabble over whom is to take responsibility over him. Time passes, and the lad finds himself a tall lad of seventeen years at a brilliant Lithe celebration. Considered a troublemaker, he acts upon his family's assumptions about him and tries to get into mischief and avoid lasses, only to run into them over and over again plus successfully getting himself battered by bullies. Once again the lightening flickered away off in the distance; Frodo hugged his knees tighter. The bluish aura of the room reflected the bitter cold that it held. And the cold wasn't the only thing making young Frodo Baggins sniffle. He could still hear the lullaby his mother had sung last week echoing through his mind . . . Little child, I'm here sweet, just hear my voice. Sleep, love. No, not even the strongest fear can catch your mind now that I'm here, just hear . . . sleep. A crash of thunder exploded suddenly as the storm approached, shaking the window the lad sat by. Frodo started, and another tear he had been holding in his brilliantly big eyes escaped and rolled down his cheek. " Love you, Frodo." She had said. " Where are you going, Mum?" her son had asked, sitting up in bed. Primula had then ran a hand through Frodo's dark curls, telling him to hush and that his Da and her were going somewhere for a bit. They would be back. Yet now Frodo stared out at the gathering storm outside, wishing that he was down at the bottom of the Brandywine with his parents. "You said that you'd be back . . . but you're not. Y-you're not . . ." With this he broke out in gentle bursting sobs, hiding his face in his tucked-up knees. He was alone now. Nobody wanted him. He had overheard his relatives arguing over who was to take him in yesterday evening. " Well, who's up to it? I expect at least two volunteers to step forward." Old uncle Rory had demanded in an important family meeting he had called that night. Frodo had been peeking around the corner whilst trying not to let his ever-present sobs get too noisy. All had hung their heads in shame for not really wanting to have another mouth to feed. "Dinodas? What about you?" Rorimac had once again questioned, giving his youngest brother a withering stare.Din had no family, and was presently living the life of bachelor-at-ease. Dinodas quickly looked away from the confrontation, mumbling excuses about how "hard life was getting these days." " Ha! Your fat stomach tells that true enough, Din!" Asphodel spoke up. "I'd take the sweet young lad, Rory, if it wasn't for my failing health. If Rufus were still alive . . ." Rory had hushed her with a wave of his hand. " I know you would, Sophie. But that's out of the question." Then he had added in a hushed whisper, "And you all know that my Saradoc would have the lad, he almost adores him to death, but for his wife's condition. They've lost another wee one right at birth. The lass is still recovering, don't you know. Couldn't possibly expect them to take him! It just is another burden." Frodo madly wiped his hot tears away as he forced himself to stop thinking about them and what they thought; why did it matter anyway? "It . . . it doesn't matter who gets me." He reassured himself, drawing the back of his sleeve across his nose, "It really doesn't, does it, Frodo?" The lad was now staring at the window pane. His reflection gazed back at him, the rain making his cheeks and eyes contort with the downpour of squiggly streams of water. "Beautiful Frodo!" He sneered at it, a wave of anger suddenly replacing his grief, "Isn't that what they all say? That I'm a "rare find"? Ha! They don't know how truly hideous I really am. No . . ." Unwelcome thoughts flashed across his mind of the shattered glass on the portraits of Primula and Drogo Baggins lying on the ground. Spread all across the floor of his room like many little naughty children mocking him for breaking his parent's pictures. Glistening glass, mocking, teasing, Silly Frodo's lost but not gone . . . gone like his family; bad, bad son! No, he was hideous. They'd never understand. Five years later . . . The shouts of the other children urged the runners on ever faster; it was Lithe, or midsummer's eve, and the festivities had already exploded at Brandy Hall in an array of snapping banners and lively games. Saradoc had commissioned a great celebration, bigger than any before, three years ago to celebrate the first baby born to him to live; Meriadoc, dubbed Merry. It was a fine boy, if any, looking the exact replica of his father with soft brown curls, a strong chin and that uneven Brandybuck grin. Yet he had his mother's Tookish sense of mischief, and was now the three-year-old horror of Buckland and the entire Marish. And today was the great day of Lithe, and wasn't Merry excided to bring his "brother" Frodo out and show him everything from the pretty streamers to the massive supplies of food set out under the big white terrace. "Frodo, I'll show you the pretties out there!" he had squealed, clutching Frodo's hand in his own chubby own, massaging it to a pulp. The young Baggins had cracked a smile at this; Merry always became a mess of energy at the sound of "party". "Well let's go then." Frodo, hiking Merry up onto his back, had strolled out onto Brandy Hall's lawn, scanning the crowds to see who had shown up. His face brightened at the sight of Cousin Paladin, who had always been kind to Frodo. "Hello Uncle!" he shouted out, waving and giving a rare and genuine smile. Paladin waved back and excused himself from the person he was speaking to (who was Dora Baggins, who was nagging him about his unruly daughters), and came over the two cousins. "Hallo Frodo, Merry!" He greeted, nodding cordially, sticking his thumbs behind his braces and tottering on the balls of his feet, making the middle-aged Took look rather like a young hobbit just out of his tweens. How much I like Cousin Paladin! Thought Frodo, now grinning from ear to ear. "Hello Pearl's da." Merry said matter-of-fact like from Frodo's back, sticking a hand out for him to shake. "Merry, it's "Uncle" to you." Frodo reprimanded with a smirk. "No harm done, Frodo." Paladin laughed, shaking his cousin's hand, "My! What a handshake young hobbit!" Frodo blushed, looking down at the ground; he forgot that sometimes his grip would startle others . . . they expected less of a lad with so fair a set of hands. After an awkward moment of silence, Mr. Took broke it with, "So, how old are you now Frodo? Last time I saw you, you were that high" he motioned a height with his hand, ", you've shot up since then!" "I'm seventeen, Mr. Took." "Seventeen! You'll be thirty-three before long, lad, at the rate you're going." "I'm just tall, that's all." Paladin noticed how red the lad's face had grown, and noted that he was shy one. Merry apparently had had enough of being ignored as he shouted out, "I stole THREE WHOLE CAKES from the kitchen and I didn't even get . . ." his proclamation was interrupted by an audacious voice calling for Paladin. "DA!" Frodo looked over at the newcomer. It was a lass . . . dear Eru not a lass! The one thing that was scared him more than spiders were girls, and he took a few steps backwards, his brows slowly knitting themselves into a frown. She was only a little lass, perhaps ten or eleven, but her green eyes were filled with the strangest mix of Tookish emotion. Mr. Took was bending down to her level, listening to her problem as she gushed forth her tale, her light brown curls whipping back and forth as she vividly blinked those eyes . . . scary eyes, Frodo thought them. "Let's go Frodo!" Apparently Merry had the same feelings about lasses, and the pair slowly backed away unnoticed, slipping back into the crowd. As soon as they were out of sight, Frodo breathed a sigh of relief. "Merry, I hate lasses." He confided to his cousin still clinging to his back while taking in the wonderful smells about him. It was really going to be the biggest Lithe celebration of all, just like Saradoc had said! There were so many pans of seed cakes, why, he could just keep on counting and counting! And those roasting chickens looked absolutely divine the way they gave off their pungent aroma. Ah! His nostrils could not bear it any longer. He must eat something right now, or go completely insane. "Merry! Let's go snitch some sweet potatoes from Mrs. Goodbodie's pot." Frodo suggested, eyeing the food in mind with a wicked grin, the dark hair that fell in front of his eyes as he set Merry down made him look very boyishly sinister. "YAY!" Merry exclaimed, clapping his hands together. "Shh!" Frodo hissed, shaking his cousin's arm a little. "We need to remain silent if this is going to work, my little