Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Franchise, or any of the characters, created by Stephanie Meyer. A/N: This is an original story by me, and you may have seen a similar version on one of my old accounts under MaNyWaTeRs, Yourlovebug91, or another name which I completely forgot what it was. Any who, this story is still mine. I have just began to re-work it and fix it up. ~Erin (NerdyWriter12) To Become a Marine Chapter 1: Way back when to now [Charlie POV] 8 years ago… Billy and I sat on his porch, watching our little Bella and Jacob play around in the grass. They were best friends, much like Billy and I. Bella is only ten now, and Jacob wasn't much younger…but boy, they sure were cute. "They will have a good future together, don't you think Charlie?" Asked Billy, taking a swig of his beer. "Sure thing Billy. Let's hope that they will." I said, taking a sip of my beer. 6 years ago… She left. Renee left, and took my Bella with her. Did I ever mention how Bella got her nickname? It came around when her and Jacob were only five years old. He would always call her "Bewwa" instead of Isabella. So we decided her nickname would be Bella. I felt horrible. Terrible. Renee had said she couldn't take the simple, small life of Forks anymore. We had divorced, and now, she took Bella with her. I was a mess. I will never forget what happened yesterday. Renee came home, and told me she was leaving and taking Bella with her to Phoenix. She told me I could have her every summer, and holidays we would switch off every year. I was so upset, but I agreed. We went over to the Black's house, so that Bella and Jacob could say goodbye. They were both twelve now, and they had been so close over the years. They walked around to the backyard, not coming back for at least an hour, holding hands as they came inside. Bella said her goodbyes, and I drove them to the airport. 2 years ago…. Four years ago….that was when Bella and her mother left. Of course, Bella has been home every summer, and every summer her and Jake spend as much time together as possible. Whether it's the beach or watching movies, they are always together. When Sarah, Billy's wife and Jacob's mother, passed away, it was hard on everyone. I spend most of my time with Billy when I'm not working. I think it hit Jacob the worst though. When Bella showed up on his doorstep, not two months after the incident, with tears in her eyes, he broke down. Over the summer, she helped him. She made him better. They are only 16, but I haven't heard a word of either one of them having a boyfriend, or girlfriend. Present Time.. Jacob, 18. Bella, 18. Hey Dad! It's Me. I really need to talk to you about something, so please, please, please, call me back before you call Mom. Thank you, I love you and miss you! That was Bella's message on the answering machine when I got home from the station. I couldn't help but smile as fond memories of my daughter flooded into my mind. She's grown up so much. Unfortunately I haven't seen much of her the last two years, but she was able to come down last summer. I remember it like it was yesterday. She wouldn't stop talking about her school, friends, and well…Jacob. With all thoughts aside, I pulled out my cell phone and dialed hers. "Dad!" "Hey Bells. What's the big rush?" I asked. I could tell that she was hesitating, which only made me worry and hope that nothing was wrong. "Can I move in with you?" She finally asked. I was silent for a minute, completely surprised at what she had just asked me. She wanted to move home? What was I thinking? Say yes! "Well…yeah, of course you are more than welcome to move in. What brought this on Bells?" I asked her, hearing her returned sigh. "A lot of things dad. I can't tell you everything now. But part of it is because Mom and Phil are moving to Jacksonville, and I don't want to go. Just please, dad…I need to be out of here now. I need to come home." She said. I could hear the panic in her voice. "Okay, okay, does your mom know?" I asked. She said yes. "Well, alright. I'll buy you a ticket, first thing for tomorrow morning. But Bells, you need to tell me what else is happening. I need to know if everything is alright." I hoped no one hurt her. The worst things were running through my mind. "I promise dad, I will tell you. I just need to get out of here. Everything will be okay. Thank you so much. I will see you tomorrow." "Alright Bells, I'll text you your flight number." I told her, and we said our goodbyes. I immediately got onto the computer and found a flight. It was early, at 6:30 am, but it was the earliest they had until noon. I booked her flight, and texted her the information. I didn't know whether to be extremely happy, or extremely worried. So I decided to take this opportunity to see Billy and Jacob. "Charlie! How's it going?" Jacob said when I pulled up. We shook hands, and boy…was he tall now! I laughed. "Pretty good Jacob. Where's your dad? I need to talk to you both." I said, and he led me inside, a worried expression on his face. Him and Bella haven't talked really at all since she left last summer. I wondered if maybe one of the reasons she was coming back was because of Jacob. "Charlie! What brings you here?" Billy said, wheeling himself into the living room. I sat down on the couch with Jacob, looking at them both with a serious expression. "Guys, Bella is coming home. Tomorrow." I said. Jake dropped the wrench he was holding and looked at me in shock while Billy, with his calm exterior, just waited for an explanation. "I don't know the full story other than part of it is because her mom and step dad are moving to Florida. I know there is a lot more to it, but she wouldn't say." I told them. Jacob looked upset, and that surprised me. "Jacob, what's wrong son?" I asked him. He looked up at me. "It was probably that boyfriend of hers…." He mumbled, clearly not happy with some situation. "Her what? She had a boyfriend?" I asked, surprised. He nodded. "We exchanged emails a couple times after last summer. She had gotten a boyfriend, but at one point things weren't going so well between them. Then she stopped writing, stopped calling, and wouldn't answer me." He said, looking away. I could see how hurt he was by this, and it pained me to see him this way. "I had no idea she even had a boyfriend…Jacob, why didn't you say anything to me?" I asked him calmly, but I could feel my temper beginning to flare. I sure hope this guy didn't do anything to my baby girl. "I didn't think about it, and I thought you knew." He said, seemingly surprised at my lack of information. "Well, alright then. Want to go with me to pick her up tomorrow? Her plane lands at ten am." I asked Jacob. He nodded then excused himself for the evening, probably heading to the garage to work on another project of some sorts. "Did you tell Bella about Jake's decision?" Billy finally asked me. I knew exactly what he was talking about. He wanted to know if I had told Bella that Jacob was joining the Marines soon. Jacob made the decision after they had both graduated, but he hadn't completely told Bella about it. My guess, is that he couldn't tell her because of her boyfriend... "No, I didn't. I think that is Jake's place to tell her. I just hope he doesn't hate her for not keeping in touch." I said, sighing. "So much for our two babies becoming a great couple, eh?" Billy said, laughing. I laughed along with him, and we chatted a bit until I was tired and needed some sleep. I said goodbye, then walked out to Jacob's garage, where he was working on a pair of motorcycles. He looked up at me. "Hey Charlie." He said. "Jacob, are you alright?" I asked him, sitting on a bench he had in the garage. He put down his tools and looked at me. "You know Charlie, I don't know. I'm worried. I don't know what was going on with Bella, and if I find out that her boyfriend, or whatever he is, hurt her….then I'm gonna be mad. I've missed her so much. I've been waiting for the right time for us to be together. You know how I feel Charlie. But me joining the Marines is gonna be a test, in a way. I guess..we'll just see how things go." He told me, and I agreed. I left shortly after, and went home. Tomorrow was going to be a long day. [Jacob POV] After Charlie left, I put my tools away and went inside the house. My dad had already gone to bed for the evening, so I cleaned up and went into my room. I turned on my laptop and checked my email. I was very surprised when I received one from Bella. Instead of just trashing it like I thought about, I opened it. Jacob- Jacob, I am so sorry. I cannot even tell you what has happened since I left six months ago. I hope you give me a chance to talk to you. I miss you. I miss my best friend. I miss us. I'm coming home, for good, hopefully. Be there tomorrow. Always, Bella. It was nearly midnight now, and I wrote a quick reply: Bells, I've missed you too. We really need to talk when you get home. See you tomorrow. Jake. Not even five minutes later, my phone rang. "Hello?" I said. "Jake?" Said the person on the other line. I smiled at her voice, but she sounded sad, and panicked. "Bells? Are you okay?" I asked, starting to get worried. "Oh Jake! I've missed you. I need you so bad right now. I can't explain. So many things have happened since last summer…I just needed to hear your voice. Will you be there tomorrow? I could use the support." She asked. "Of course. Bella, tell me what's wrong." I demanded calmly. "I can't. He'll know. I promise, tomorrow I will tell you everything, but I need to go. Don't call me, I'm going to trash my phone." She said, the last in a hushed whisper. We said goodbye and I put my phone down. I sighed and looked at my bulletin board above my desk. There, all pinned up to the board, was a ton of pictures of us, from kids to last summer. Next to it hung my second set of dog tags, and my acceptance letter into the U.S. Marines. I would be leaving for boot camp in July, so six months from now. Until then, I'd work on cars in the garage, do wood sculptures with my dad, and just be a teenager. I missed Bella, a lot. Everyone else did too. All of my friends, our friends, missed her a bunch. None of them had really heard from her either. I was worried about what really happened with her. I guess I would find out tomorrow. I crawled onto my bed and looked up at the ceiling. I never had a girlfriend, because in the back of my mind I always compared the girls I met to Bella. Even when we were