DISCLAIMER REGARDING THE RACISM/SEXISM/ETC. IN THIS FIC: The racist or sexist views expressed by some characters in this fic are not my views. I am trying to create a realistic storyline and unfortunately, these views were common in the past, especially in the era in which this story takes place. If you don't like a racist or sexist Jasper, then don't worry! The outdated opinions of both my Jasper and Nashoba (my OC) will change over time. I believe that a big part of falling in love is getting to know each other and growing from that knowledge; it is a journey that results in self-reflection and change, and Stomp Dance is Jasper and Nashoba's journey. A/N: This fic came about due to a very, very extensive perusal of FF's Jasper/any-female-character-ever archives; a sudden need to write fanfiction again after a 10 year hiatus from the genre; and the complete lack of racial diversity in Stephenie Meyer's original vampires (RIP Toshiro). Also, for those of you who are interested, Stomp Dance will have a kind of one-shot / companion piece series called Garfish Dance that follows Jasper and Nashoba throughout some of the most notable scenes of the Twilight series so if you like this fic you might like to check that one out too. Best read in Full. Chapter I July 1st, 1862 - Outskirts of Indian Territory The first time Captain Jasper Whitlock meets the woman that will become the love of his life, he's staring down the wrong end of an 1859 Burnside carbine with a bullet wound in his thigh and a headache the size of Texas. Now, the important portion of the previous sentence—besides "Burnside carbine" and "bullet wound" of course—is the "will become" part because both "will" and "become" imply that the following phrase, namely "love of his life," is a conditional state of being that requires the passage of time to become true. Time that, if the gun in his face is any indication, he does not currently have. "Ittibinna! Nokchito!" The angry woman currently holding a gun to his head yells at him, gesturing heatedly with her weapon. He gets the feeling that she is very, very used to being obeyed, but as much as Jasper would love to join the, assuredly large, ranks of those who have followed her orders without question, he is woefully lacking in any knowledge pertaining to Indian languages. When she jabs her gun threateningly in his direction again, however, he figures he better come up with something before she decides that his body should join the five other men he'd seen her and her men put down before she got around to questioning him. Fortunately, none of the men executed were his men. He hopes it isn't because there weren't any of his men left to execute. "¿E-español?" Jasper coughs questioningly from his place bleeding in the sun-scorched dirt. "¿Hablas Español?" He knows he and his men were ambushed somewhere on the border between Indian Territory and the top-most portion of Texas but with the chaos left over from 1854 (1) and the tension caused by the aggression of the North she could be from almost any number of tribes. They're dressed in traditional western clothing— although she's dressed like a man , Jasper thinks, eyeing the woman's trouser-clad legs and buttoned vest with something close to awe—so he assumes they've at least had some contact with white traders. Fortunately for him, at least some of those traders are likely to be from Mexico. She frowns and lowers her weapon slightly. "Nanta? Akostinicho." Well, he did say likely . "Do you speak English?" He asks, getting rather desperate. His tone is relatively polite given the circumstances, but his thoughts would be considered rather rude in certain upper-class circles of society. In fact, right at this moment Jasper is trying to think of a way to murder the woman in front of him along with the rest of her men. If he moves very quickly and is very lucky, he might even succeed in taking her hostage and eliminate the need to kill her men all together. "Ah! Naahollimanompa! Akostinichili." She exclaims in a tone that at least sounds understanding. She also lowers her gun, and Jasper's eyes follow the barrel as it is finally, finally removed from his forehead. Unfortunately, it is now aimed squarely at his crotch. You win some, you lose some. "You speak English." She says, her accent taking on a distinctive northern lilt. "I had assumed you were an agent." (2) "Yes! Yes, I speak English." He says, hastily tacking on a "Friendly! I'm friendly!" at the end for good measure. He doesn't know if he and his men are actually friendly—it depends on which tribe she and her men are from—but he figures it can't hurt to garner a little good will from a woman holding a gun to his manhood. "We will see about that." She frowns at him. "Why do you fight the Comanche?" Shit . The Comanche— Ah fuck. No wonder the fucks attacked us—nothin' but sneak-thieves and warmongers. Get shot in the leg and then this shit—might as well scalp my fuckin' self and be done with it. —are no friends of the Confederacy. She and her men are no allies of the Comanche, the five dead Indians at his side prove that much, but that doesn't mean they have any tender feeling towards the Confederacy either. One of the men at her side glares at him and leans over to whisper— as if I could fuckin' understand a word you're saying, asshole —angrily into his interrogator's ear. He looks fierce, and the scar on the left side of his face that pulls his bottom lip into a permanent scowl only serves to heighten the air of danger surrounding him. Whatever the scared man says only seems to piss the woman off and with an angry shout that sounds something like "Hika!" or maybe "Hiccup!" she dismisses him in favor of raising her carbine back to its former place between Jasper's eyes. "Are you a friend of the Union?" She snarls questioningly, her dark brows drawn together. "Ofi' alhlhi anoli!" "No! No!" He yells, holding his hands up in a gesture of surrender. It's a total fuckin' guess as to whether or not he's just fucked himself but it's the best he can come up with a gun in his face and a bullet hole in his leg. To be honest, this whole conversation has gone on a lot longer than he'd expected it to. At the beginning of this whole mess, when he was shot and then unceremoniously dragged from his horse by the angry woman currently holding a gun to his head, he thought he would either be dead in the dirt or passed out from blood loss by this point. "Good." The word is said very slowly, drawn out of her mouth at the same measured pace that she lowers her gun. It is now pointed firmly at the red, heat-baked dirt and his heart feels like it could beat right out of his chest. "You are coming with us," she continues, gesturing to his leg with a hand dyed in the blood of the five dead Indians— Comanche , he silently corrects himself, they were Comanche —to his right. "You need to have that wound looked at." "Yes." He agrees tiredly because as much as he would love to throw himself across the saddle of the closest horse and ride until he either passes out or dies, the pool of blood leaking from his thigh has reached a worrying size and his hands, which had seemed so steady when he'd held them up in supplication only a moments ago, have grown cold and tingly where they rest in the prairie grass at his sides. His interrogator frowns at his lack of enthusiasm before she finally seems to notice the growing patch of red that surrounds his thigh. She clicks her tongue at him, giving Jasper the distinct impression that she believes he's bleeding just to inconvenience her, before turning to the scarred man at her right. "Inukfi," she says, sweeping her hand in Jasper's direction, "yappa chofalli. Ishtachapanna." The man grunts before turning towards Jasper with a scowl on his face. "Wait, wait," Jasper says, flopping his arm up in what was meant to be a gesture of pause but comes out looking more like a sloppy swat at a particularly annoying horse-fly. Surprisingly, the man stops. "My men—what about my men?" He asks, almost desperate. If they are injured then they will require the same care he assumes he himself will receive; if they are not, then perhaps he can persuade the woman to let them return to Captain Cooper's regiment. (3) The woman, who had been in the process of mounting a particularly beautiful Paint, pauses and glances over her shoulder at him. He is unable to properly name the emotion he sees in her eyes at that moment, but it's so close sympathy that he already knows what she's going to say before she opens her mouth. "They are dead." The woman says bluntly, although not unkindly. "You are the only one left alive. I am sorry." His foreknowledge does nothing to blunt the blow and the air leaves his lungs in a harsh, wounded sound as he slumps completely into the dry red dirt to stare up at the unforgiving July sun. There is a ringing in his ears that seems to gain volume with every beat of his heart and a creeping coldness traveling from his leg to the top of his head and— Oh… And there is only blackness. July 1st, 1862 – Earlier that same day Captain Jasper Whitlock of the Texas Regiment of the Confederate Army would give anything to be back in Texas. The gentle sway of the Pinto beneath him has become almost irritating in its regularity. It is an unfamiliar feeling, the smoothness of his horse's gait, and he aches for the rough, stilted canter required for riding across the rocky soil of his own country. Unlike his beloved Texas, with her gentle slopes and rising plateaus, Indian Territory is a flat, desolate land, an endless prairie of brown and green interrupted by a rare splash of red or blue. His only comfort, if you can call it that, is the familiar feeling of the unforgiving sun beating down upon his back and the dry, dust-filled air that seeps into his lungs. "Hey, Captain!" A man shouts to his right, breaking Jasper out of his revere. "Time to take the wool out of ye eyes, we're comin' up on the border—ain't got no time for ye ta be day dreamin'!" Jasper frowns, turning to look at the man from under the flat brim of his hat. "I ain't day dreamin' McMann," he calls back in irritation, "and I suggest you watch your tone or you'll be walkin' back to San Antonio." McMann laughs, a wry smile pulling on his sun-chapped lips. He is an awkward looking man, if Jasper is to be honest, what with his wild red curls and rosy cheeks. They make him look as if he is always three sheets to the wind; which, knowing McMann, he probably is. "Cap, the last time ye tried to make me walk I was ridin' again before noon." "That's because your complainin' was more a punishment for us than the walkin' was for you," another man, Stephens, butts in. "Jabbered on worse than a woman at a Sunday social." "Och, I don't hear ye complainin' about me jabberin' when you're belly laughin' at me jokes," McMann replies cheekily. "Besides, me voice is damn delight—like the tinkle of a church bell." He tips his hat with a wink. "A damned delight more like," grumbles the other man, rolling his eyes at the red head's familiar antics, "like the bayin' of a hell-hound." "Alright,