"Don't do it. Don't do it." Hermione Granger cried out. "Please, I beg you." He laughed. A shrill, cold laughter. One that caused shivers deep into one's soul. "And why wouldn't I?" "Because I won't let you do it." The same old, familiar voice sounded from behind him. He turned back, his bright eyes burning with an insatiable arcane power within them. "Albus Dumbledore!" "We meet again, Sauron." "Ah, ready to defend your underlings again, Dumbledore? Or do you at least have the propensity to attack?" he taunted. Albus Dumbledore narrowed his eyes, still unable to figure out how this bastard was able to figure out his every move. He had fought so many dark wizards all his life, starting with Grindelwald and his supporters, to Voldemort and his death eaters... he had fought so many dark wizards as a part of the International Mage Association. Even then, he had faced no one, no one even remotely alike the one he had been fighting since the last few months. This devil in human clothing. If he was human at all in the first place, that is. Adorned in some kind of dark thick outfit, with a metal mask covering his face. A hood covered his head while he wore the robes of the traditional battle-mages of old. Two wands in either hand, both made of some strange shiny metal—this spawn of the devil was someone who made Voldemort seem puny. Power, which should never have existed, and a knowledge of the dark arts so extensive that even Grindelwald would deign to learn from- this lunatic, who called himself a God, was the most ruthless bastard he had ever faced. "Let us duel, then... Albus." Sauron hissed, his twin wands hurling out two dark spears simultaneously at the old man who somehow dodged the incoming attack and fired a powerful banisher at him. Sauron simply smirked as he flashed away, the banisher striking hard on the wall behind him, as Hermione Granger leapt to one side to save herself from the misfired spell. She hit a large rock on her head and lost consciousness. "Attacking your own cronies, Albus?" The disembodied voice of Orion reverberated all over the area. Albus sighed as he raised his wand, waiting for the dark wizard to appear. "I am HERE." Albus swerved as he turned back, just in time to dodge a powerful severing hex. He fell on the ground, only to roll as a series of high-powered dark hexes fell on him. He got up and conjured javelins towards Sauron who simply raised his left hand, and the blasted javelins stopped midway. "Like it?" he joked, as he manipulated the javelins to shoot backwards towards the old professor, who cast a powerful shield against his own creation. The shield held but it was damaged, certainly not enough for the lightning fork that shattered it into pieces, hurling the old man towards the ground. A powerful banisher added to the motion, hurling him by ten feet-he fell down on the earth, closing his eyes and readying himself for the pain. The problem was- an entirely different kind of pain arose up his spine. Or rather, his spine was in pain. A shiver of agony shot through his body as he noticed the long javelin piercing his abdomen. "Surprised?" he looked up, only to see the fork of lightning sear through him, as he yelled in agony. Sauron stalked towards the old man. "Albus Dumbledore, grand-sorcerer... impaled upon your own sword, or should that be javelin?" he joked. "Look at me, Albus. Look what I have in my hand." Albus Dumbledore opened his eyes. Every part of him ached, wishing for the pain to leave him. He preened to see what it was- whatever the dark wizard was holding in his hand. It was a tiny silvery chain. A time turner? "Not just any time-turner, old man. It is the time-turner. Invented by Rowena Ravenclaw, the one that was protected by the Department of Mysteries- the one that could travel back in time more than just hours or days... this priceless artifact," Sauron stated with reverence in his voice, "-shall enable me to go much further in the past. A time when I will be able to find the one wizard who can take my place in the trap you designed for me..." He smirked. "You did not think that your trap was unbreakable, did you? You may have made it impossible to break out of the trap completely," he paused as he raised his arms in elation, "- but my powers enable me to break out of it at random times, for small moments." He paused. "As unfortunate as that is, your trap just sucks me back in. So I just need someone, someone with power like my own, one who can stay in my place." "What-" Dumbledore coughed. "What do you mean?" "Just like the mythical Atlas—who could not put down the Earth until someone took his place; I can put someone of my equal power to stay in my place while I escape from your trap; and you know what, I found a wizard just like I needed. You know me, I love a good myth." Dumbledore grit his teeth. The dark bastard had lost him his precious elder wand the previous month, decreasing his powers by a significant margin. That was not all. The lunatic did not claim the ownership of the wand. On the contrary, he created a powerful barrier all around himself, and sliced his own hand. Then, he did the unfathomable. Sauron had condensed the elder wand—back into pure, raw energy state, and employed one of the most arcane of magicks—blood magic to absorb the raw power into himself. Sauron had become even more powerful after that. It was unbelievable. Dumbledore could feel hid life slowly escaping out of him, but he would be damned if he did not do his best to stop this...lunatic. "There is no one in my past who can be of your power level. Not even Voldemort." Sauron laughed. "Voldemort was never an option, old man. I crave someone else. Your golden boy- the new prisoner for your trap will be your prophecy child-Harry Potter." "NO!" Dumbledore raged, "You cannot—you cannot!" The dark wizard laughed again. "Your trap stops me from being in reality for long, but does not stop me from traveling back in time. Enjoy your next great adventure, Headmaster." "They will stop you." Dumbledore yelled in agony. "My past self, and everyone, and Harry- they will stop you!" Blood erupted out of his mouth. "They will try," Sauron smirked, "and they will die." He got back from the fallen body of Albus Dumbledore, as he placed his left foot on the man's abdomen, pushing him further, as the javelin pierced him further. Dumbledore gave a jerky sound before the life left his eyes. Sauron looked away as he raised the time-turner in his hands. "A good thing that this doesn't need to be turned and twisted ..." he whispered as he pressed on the runes of the time-turner, activating it with his own powers. "Everlasting damnation awaits you, Harry Potter." He whispered, as the majestic portal opened and he jumped in. May 19, 1994. Harry looked desperately around. Black and Lupin both gone. They had only Snape for company, still hanging, unconscious, in midair. "We'd better get them up to the castle and tell someone," said Harry, pushing his hair out of his eyes, trying to think straight. "Come —" Then, from beyond the range of their vision, they heard a yelping, a whining: a dog in pain. "Sirius," Harry muttered, staring into the darkness. He had a moment's indecision, there was nothing they could do for Ron at the moment and by the sound of it, Black was in trouble — Harry set off at a run, Hermione right behind him. The yelping seemed to be coming from the ground near the edge of the lake. They pelted toward it, and Harry, running flat out, felt the cold without realizing what it must mean — The yelping stopped abruptly. As they reached the lakeshore, they saw why — Sirius had turned back into a man. He was crouched on all fours, his hands over his head. "No!" he moaned. "Noooo ... please..." And then Harry saw them. Dementors, at least a hundred of them, gliding in a black mass around the lake toward them. He spun around, the familiar, icy cold penetrating his insides, fog starting to obscure his vision; more were appearing out of the darkness on every side; they were encircling them. "Hermione, think of something happy!" Harry yelled, raising his wand, blinking furiously to try to clear his vision, shaking his head to rid it of the faint screaming that had started inside it. I am going to live with my godfather. I'm leaving the Dursleys. He forced himself to think of Black, and only Black, and began to chant. "Expecto Patronum! Expecto Patronum!" Black gave a shudder, rolled over, and lay motionless on the ground, pale as death. He will be all right. I am going to go and live with him. "Expecto Patronum! Hermione, help me! Expecto Patronum!" "Expecto —" Hermione whispered, "Expecto — Expecto —" However, she could not do it. The Dementors were closing in, barely ten feet from them. They formed a solid wall around Harry and Hermione, and were getting closer... "EXPECTO PATRONUM!" Harry yelled, trying to blot the screaming from his ears. "EXPECTO PATRONUM!" A thin wisp of silver escaped his wand and hovered like mist before him. At the same moment, Harry felt Hermione collapse next to him. He was alone... completely alone. "Expecto — Expecto Patronum —" Harry felt his knees hit the cold grass. Fog was clouding his eyes. By the feeble light of his formless Patronus, he saw a Dementor halt, very close to him. It could not walk through the cloud of silver mist Harry had conjured. A dead, slimy hand slid out from under the cloak. It made a gesture as though to sweep the Patronus aside. "No — no —" Harry gasped. "He's innocent . . . Expecto —Expecto Patronum —" He could feel them watching him; hear their rattling breath like an evil wind around him. The nearest Dementor seemed to be considering him. Then it raised both its rotting hands — and lowered its hood. Where there should have been eyes, there was only thin, gray-scabbed skin, stretched blankly over empty sockets. However, there was a mouth- a gaping, shapeless hole, sucking the air with the sound of a death rattle. A paralyzing terror filled Harry so that he could not move or speak. His Patronus flickered and died. And then, dazzling white light blinded him. For the moment, he wondered if he had unintentionally procured his Patronus. He opened his eyes, despite the blinding white light, he could see the silvery outline of a large beast—a shiny ethereal stag prowling just in front of him, shoving the dementors away by the force of its power. Hundreds of them, the dementors, screeched in agony as they were impaled in the horns of the mighty stag that stood guard. "Get up!" Harry looked up to find a hand extended towards him. It belonged to a cloaked individual, not much taller than him. The face was hidden deep underneath a green hood, while he wore tight dragon-hide robes. The only thing visible about him was a wand that he held in his right hand. A wand that was very, very familiar. Then the truth shot through his brain. "That's my wand." He muttered out, but the stranger laughed. "No, yours is lying beside you." And true it was-Harry's own wand was indeed fallen on the ground, right beside him. Harry flushed in embarrassment. "Sorry." The stranger seemed to take no heed of it. "No issues. Now get up, we need to get yourself,