"Harry?" "Harry wake up." The covers fell off, and a green-eyed boy woke up from his bed. He sat up over his bed, and jumped down to the ground. "Coming, Aunt Petunia!" he replied. Opening the door, he found his aunt waiting outside, holding a letter in hand. "This..." the woman stuttered, "this came for you in the morning." She handed him a rather fancy looking envelope. It was creamy white in color, with a strange emblem on one side, and an address on the other. Turning over to the emblem, he observed the peculiar diagram. A shield with four animals drawn on either end. A lion, a badger, an eagle and a snake in that order, on the four edges of the shield and in the middle there was something else, but Harry could not make out what it was. "Is this it?" he asked his aunt. Petunia nodded silently and looked up at her nephew. "I am going down to the kitchen. Your food is ready. Your uncle...he has already left for office." Saying that she began to dart away, only to stop and turn back. "Your mother also went to that same school and after that, she was never the same. I think you should follow her footsteps." She could not hide the grimace in her words and darted off quickly. "Hmm..." Harry mused. Turning over to the other side of the envelope, he read. To, Mr. Harry Potter, The second bedroom, Number 4, Privet Drive, Surrey. Harry quickly opened the letter to read its contents. Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress. "So... It's finally time to go to Hogwarts." He murmured to himself. Unknown to even himself, his eyes flashed green. July 31 st , 1991. "Where will I be getting all of this in London?" he asked to the half-giant standing in front of him. It was his birthday and ever since the letter had come, he found himself anticipating for his birthday to come. Not because it was his birthday, but because someone from the school would be sent to help him fetch everything required for his studies at Hogwarts. A very surprised Harry Potter found a rather giant person standing outside of their door early morning. Hagrid. Rubeus Hagrid. Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts. The giant man had introduced himself. "Excuse me for asking. But are all magicians-" "Wizards!" Hagrid corrected. "Sorry, Wizards tall like you?" Harry inquired. He had been thinking about that for some time. The man, Hagrid laughed out loud, although it seemed like a gurgling roar to the boy. "No 'arry, I am a half-giant. Most wizards are like you, though they are grown up. Someday you will too." Harry decided that he liked Hagrid. The man had even brought a birthday cake for him, never mind that he claimed to have sat on it sometime during the journey. The taste was quite good anyway. "So where will I get all of this?" he asked again, waving the letter in front of the giant man. For a man of such colossal proportions, Hagrid seemed like a big softie. "In London of course, if you know where to go." Harry decided to take the giant at face value. Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station. Harry could not blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?" "Hagrid" said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "Did you say there are dragons at Gringotts?" "Well, so they say," said Hagrid. "I'd like a dragon." He said in a dreamy voice. "You'd like one?" "Wanted one ever since I was a kid — here we go." Harry could not decide whether to laugh or cry. It was an hour-long embarrassing journey. Harry had accompanied the giant man all the way to the station, bought tickets for the underground railway and come up to London downtown. The journey, despite all the people giving him more attention than he ever had in his life, no thanks to the giant man next to him, was quite informative and enlightening. Apparently, his parents had been killed by some kind of monster of a wizard, someone Hagrid completely refused to name or write out, some "You-know-who", though Harry did not know 'who'. Hagrid was also the person to collect him from his demolished house and had flown him all the way to his relatives. The statement had caused Harry's eyes to narrow but knowing that the giant was simply doing as some 'Professor Dumbledore' had ordered him to do it. Harry decided immediately that the source of his initial woes was this 'Dumbledore', the very same person Hagrid had described as 'greatest wizard' and 'great man'. Apparently, Hagrid was a devout follower of this person, and it would be a bad decision to talk bad about someone the giant adored. He also found out about the goblins and the bank 'Gringotts' which was run by the goblins, who were supposedly 'greedy vile creatures but good bankers'. Knowing how much his uncle Vernon hated bankers, Harry could not help but cringe at the statement. Hagrid also informed him that Harry was apparently famous, and was known as the 'boy-who-lived' since he had miraculously defeated this 'you-know-who' when he was a toddler. Now while he had no qualms in accepting fame when given, but this scenario was a bit too odd. There was this thing known as a 'killing curse' which was supposedly unblockable but by some strange miracle, Harry had not only lived despite being hit by the curse but also returned the curse back to 'you-know-who' and killed him. It was either something amazing or perhaps the biggest conspiracy bluff Harry had ever heard. After all the travelling and the stories about the wizarding world, Harry found himself standing on Charing Cross road. "What are we doing in London downtown, Hagrid?" "This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron. It's a famous place." It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid had not pointed it out, Harry would not have noticed it was there. The people hurrying by did not glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big bookshop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they could not see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered him inside. For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, "The usual, Hagrid? "Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle. "Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Harry, "is this — can this be —?" The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent. "Bless my soul," whispered the old bartender, "Harry Potter...what an honor." He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes. "Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back." Harry did not know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. He had waited to join the wizarding world for years now and despite everything, he had thought of, all of this was unfathomable to him. For a boy who had never had anyone pay any kind of attention to him before, it was kind of, overwhelming. After an anxious five minutes of accepting gratitude from the different people, witches and wizards Harry corrected himself; he was finally able to come out from the rear end of the pub. He wondered if all of that was some kind of planning on the giant's part. After all, hadn't he himself mentioned that Harry was famous? They were standing before a brick wall. The outlines of the bricks were distinctly clear. Hagrid tapped the wall three times with his umbrella. The bricks began reshuffling among each other magically and formed an archway letting a passage out of the pub. The boy and the giant walked out of the passage. "Welcome Harry, to Diagon Alley." Hagrid proclaimed loudly. The man indeed, had a flair for the dramatic. Normally dramatic gestures brought out a sarcastic answer out of him, but Harry was too mesmerized by the scene in front to reply anything back. It was a complete market place. Everywhere his eyes turned to, he could see shops, shops and more shops. There were shops that sold large cauldrons, with some even shouting off discounts on something 'pewter' and 'self-stirring'. There were shops selling all kinds of embroidery, cloth and then again, he could see one that hosted several birds and animals. Everywhere there were witches and wizards, some even wearing fancy caps to match their black flowing robes as they scurried from one place to another. "Come with me 'arry, we need to first get your money out for you. There's Gringotts!" he pointed to the snow-white building that towered over the little shops. The building had large bronze doors with a number of armed creatures-goblins Harry mused, standing guard. A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry made for the counter. Hagrid cleared his voice loudly. "Mr. Harry Potter wants to withdraw to some money." The goblin in front of them was quite a scary-looking one. The square-cut spectacles it was wearing only added to the ruthless look on its countenance. "And does Mr. Harry Potter have his key?" Harry looked up at Hagrid. The giant was busy searching his large pockets. Finding it, he produced the little gold key to the goblin. Harry was reminded of how Vernon had narrated to Petunia about the dangers of giving someone their bank passbook, and wondered if he should be worried about the safety of his fortune. The goblin took the key gingerly and cast Harry a rather sharp look. "Follow me." Hagrid broke in. "I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest. "It's about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen." The goblin read the letter very carefully. "Very well. Griphook!" he called out an instantly a younger-looking goblin appeared next to them. "Lead Mr. Potter here to his Vaults." Turning to Hagrid, the old goblin continued. "Please come with me." Harry looked up at Hagrid but the giant simply nodded quickly. Following the departing goblin, Harry darted off behind him. Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who had expected more marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them.