DISCLAIMER: Everything's the sole property of Rick Riordan. I'm just a poor, little hobby author. . In the night, I hear 'em talk The coldest story ever told Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul To a woman so heartless . H e found her on the streets of New York. The city lights blinked all around him as he wandered through the crowds of people like a shadow, sliding past them like a ghost, aware of the fact they couldn't see him. It was Christmas time, if he had to take a guess. Not only were the asphalts paved with thick, glistening snow, but the pictures of Santa Clauses on the advertising panels said it pretty much all. The people around him were probably busy getting last-minute presents, hurrying across the streets to catch a cab because, at that time of the year, it was terribly hard to find a vacant one. Breathing heavily through his nose, he stopped in the middle of the street, bending over slightly to brace his hands on his knees. It took almost all of his strength and will to stay among the mortals and use his senses to feel alive again, seeing as how the truth was that he wasn't. The wall opposite from him looked much too inviting in that moment. He hobbled over, leaning with his back against the cold concrete, and closed his eyes. Just take a few deep breaths. "Yeah, I know," he heard in that same moment. The voice was so familiar and close he felt like his dead heart took a leap again. "Don't worry, sweetheart, I'm already on my way home." His mouth dropped open as his head swung around, instantly recognizing the person talking on her cellphone. It was Percy Jackson. Only, she didn't look much like the Percy Jackson he remembered. She was descending the steps of a boutique store, phone pressed between her ear and shoulder as she pulled on pristine white gloves. An elegant, white coat covered her slender body, as well as tight, black leather pants. The heels of her black boots were tall and lethal. She had her dark hair gathered in an elegant, lazy twist at the nape of her graceful neck, and the beautiful, delicate features of her face were accentuated by a touch of makeup; the only thing that couldn't be considered light was the deep, seductive, red color on her pouty lips. Everything on her looked expensive, from the diamond studs on her ears to the red designer handbag she was carrying. She looked like royalty. Percy passed him swiftly, the phone still pressed to her ear, chatting away with a smile on her face, and the clicking sound of her heels echoed through the street. He watched as she stopped in front of a sleek-looking, black Mercedes, an elderly man dressed in an Italian suit and sunglasses opening the door for her. Percy gave him a smile, mouthing a silent 'Thank you', and took a seat in the car. It pulled out from the side of the street and drove off, and he couldn't help but develop an ugly, stinging feeling. The Empire State Building was located the way the car had taken. No, Percy Jackson wasn't what he remembered at all. There was nothing left from the skinny, innocent, sweet girl of sixteen years. She was a grown woman now, her appearance screaming confidence and sensuality, and with an aura of power that gave her a touch of dark danger and iciness. . . H is master told him to watch her. So, that was exactly what he did for the next few days. He didn't want to believe, couldn't believe, upon realizing that Percy must lead a life of luxury and splendor. The clothes he saw her walking in were ones he normally saw on the runway or on celebrities; clothes you couldn't just purchase in a normal store. She drove an Audi that was white like snow and probably must've cost a fortune. The jewelry she wore was made of the finest, rarest gems. It wasn't just the fact that she dressed good, looked good, that her makeup was applied tastefully and natural, or even that she possessed materialistic things an everyday-person could never, ever effort for himself; it was also the way she carried herself, how she moved, and how she spoke. The other people on the streets couldn't tear their gazes from her. He couldn't, too. There was a deep, profound confusion in him. He knew she didn't come from a wealthy family, and anyway, she didn't look one bit like a demigod. Demigods usually didn't get past their twenties. They didn't look as happy, and content, and fortunate as she did. They certainly didn't walk the streets of the city just like that , but he hadn't seen her getting attacked by a single monster in the entire time he'd been watching her. The revelation came a few days later when he saw a black, sleek limousine coming to a stop in front of the Metropolitan Opera. Dusk had already settled in, and the place looked breathtaking. Large fountains sprinkled with colored, clear water, the sound of the rushing mingling in with the gathered crowds of people before the lightened building. The men wore expensive suits, the women appearing in elegant, long gowns. There was the smell of late summer lingering in the air, along with the scent of tasteful perfume and champagne, while the faint sound of violins drifted over the bodies. Above the heads of the people, the night sky glimmered in a sea of thousands and thousands of stars. He turned his attention back to the limousine. Obviously, he hadn't expect to see the person he came to see. It was man, seemingly in his late twenties by the looks of it, dressed in an expensive, dark-blue suit. He was handsome, tall, and muscular, with curly black hair, sapphire blue eyes, and a mischievous smile tugging at his lips. The impish arch of his eyebrows and his sharp features didn't leave one second-guessing, much less his powerful aura that made him stand out among the crowds, collecting all the looks and glances. He took a sharp breath, the loathing inside him gathering so quickly he had to clench his fists. Hermes held his hand out, and a much smaller and daintier one clasped around it as he helped the woman out of the car. It was Percy. She was a vision in a long, plum-colored halter-neck dress that was adorned with glittering stones all over, her long hair falling over her back like a waterfall of heavy, thick, ebony curls and waves. Her dress had a slit on the left side, showing off the expanse of her toned, lean legs and her dainty ankles disappearing into strappy black heels. Her eyes were made up dark and dramatic, her lips plump and bloody red, and her pale skin literally glowed. She looked like a beauty from the 50s, iconic and untouchable. He couldn't help feeling shocked and disgusted at seeing Percy lean up to Hermes, pressing a soft kiss to his cheek that, surprisingly, didn't leave a lipstick stain on his face. The god grinned at her, whispering something into her ear that left her with a flush and a quiet laugh escaping from her lips. There was no way of missing how her eyes sparkled when she looked at him, and the fond gaze he had on her didn't leave the people second-guessing. Together, they made a vision as they ascended the stairs toward the opera. It couldn't be. It couldn't be. It couldn't be. And yet, it was right in front of his eyes. He followed them into the opera hall, beautiful and large and magnificent, and watched as they took their seats in a private box. He continued watching the two of them from a safe distance, even as the play began. There was no word in the world to describe how revolted he felt felt upon seeing the utter familiarity they possessed with each other. Hermes had his hand on Percy's thigh, right where the slit left the dress open, and he was stroking her skin, occasionally leaning over to ghost his lips over her bare shoulder. She didn't seem to mind at all. In fact, her eyes fluttered closed every now and then, the expression on her beautiful face one of pure contentment. Almost half an hour passed. Percy was watching the play in complete delight, while Hermes didn't seem that enraptured by it. He appeared to be more interested in staring at her, showering her with gestures of affection. His mouth popped open when, after the half an hour, a blonde hunk of a guy appeared at where they sat, flopping carelessly into the seat next to Percy. Everything about him screamed the fact he was the Sun God. From his messy, blonde hair and his deep, golden tan up to his ripped physique he obviously sported under his black suit and the darkish golden eyes he revealed when he took off his Ray Ban shades. What the Tartarus was going on? Percy turned to scowl at Apollo. "You're late." "Sorry about that, love," he grinned innocently. "Had to take care of a problem you left me with when the two of you went off without me." The suggestive wiggle of his eyebrows made exactly clear what he meant, and he almost doubled over in shock at seeing Apollo grasp Percy's chin gently, pulling her into a passionate and very inappropriate kiss. Hermes didn't look bothered or offended at all. In fact, he seemed amused as he watched them with darkened eyes. After the play had ended, he lost sight of them momentarily, cursing himself for getting lost in the leaving masses of people. Eventually, he found the trio in a separate room from the opera hall, where the people had gathered for a buffet and champagne. He stopped dead upon seeing that the trio had turned into a quartet. While Percy was lounging in an armchair, Apollo and Hermes standing at her side, there was another man behind her who had his right hand on her shoulder, his fingers drawing circles over her skin almost absently. He was large, his rippling muscles bulky, and his black hair was crew cut, the sides being shorter than the top. Dressed in a black leather duster with a red muscle shirt beneath and black jeans tucked into combat boots, he certainly didn't fit in at all. The black shades hiding his red eyes didn't make it any better. Percy talked with them in a hushed voice, looking all too comfortable with being surrounded by the three gods. She had crossed her slim legs, one hand lying across the armrest, the other swaying a glass of champagne in an almost bored fashion. The people shot her looks full of curiosity and admiration, and even though the men were tempted to go over to her, they hesitated at seeing the three gods poised like snakes for an attack, literally challenging someone to mess up so they could bring out the big guns. They wouldn't need to, though. It wasn't just the company she kept, it was her own aura that signaled it very clearly. Don't fuck with this woman. She looked like a queen, a fantasy priestess, a goddess. Ares leaned forward, his lips near Percy's ear. "Want me to take care of it, babe?" His gaze was directed at a young man not very far away from them. He conversed with some unfamiliar people, but his eyes were shooting lustful glances at Percy, trailing the expanse of her smooth legs and her chest. He was dumb enough to do so under the watchful eyes of the three gods. "No," Percy answered, her voice soft and with a slight huskiness to it, "Not yet." He seethed in fury as the realization dawned on