A/N 1: Hello everyone. After one hell of a bout of writers block, I sat down to read this story and realized that the grammar sucks. So being the English teacher that I know I can be, I pulled out the red marker and went to town. So here is the newly revised story. A/N 2: I also went thru and found a name for the story as well. With that said, enjoy. Phantom1s Prologue: Hermione Jane Weasley was old. She was 179 years old. She had children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and even great-great-grandchildren. She had been called the smartest witch of her generation when she was a student. Years later, she was called the smartest witch since Rowena Ravenclaw. She was the level headed part of the Golden Trio. However, what she was planning on doing was crazy, no it was absolutely insane. She was going to travel through time and fix the past. Since her husband Ronald died twenty-five years ago, she had been planning this. She knew she had to fix what went wrong. Too many people had died in the Great Wizarding War , which is what the war with Voldemort was called nowadays. Even more people died in the Third World War thirty-five years after she helped end the Great Wizarding War . Her family and friends stood at the forefront of both wars, and they paid the price over the years. Lily Potter, James Potter, Fred Weasley, Remus and Nymphadora Lupin, Albus Dumbledore, Sirius Black, Severus Snape, and Colin Creevey died fighting Voldemort. Albus Severus Potter, Hugo Weasley, Scorpius Malfoy, Arthur Weasley II, Teddy Lupin, and many members of that generation died in World War III and its aftermath. They died because the Ministry of Magic of Great Britain failed in its duty to protect the information that allowed Voldemort to almost win the first time. Instead of sending Tom Riddle's body and all of his research, notes, and books through the Archway of the Dead in the Department of Mysteries, some idiot decided to study them because they thought 'What harm can a book be?' With the help of her sisters-in-law Fleur, Angelina, and Audrey Weasley, Hermione researched time travel and who had been the reason the world came crashing down. It was an academic idiot it turned out who did not have the common sense he was born with. On the tenth anniversary of the end of the Great Wizarding War , someone stole the notes and research on Tom Riddle from his unlocked work bench in his workroom in his house. Armed with the information that had taken so long to get, Hermione knew she could now correct the mistakes made by herself and others so many years ago. But she needed help. The only person who could help her was Harry Potter, who happened to be the most powerful magician alive, both politically as well as magically, though he downplayed both facts. Harry Potter had been given many different names and titles over the years. ' The-Boy-Who-Lived', when he was baby 'The Man-Who-Defeated-Voldemort' after the end of the Great Wizarding War were some of the best the media could come up with when he was younger. However those were not the only titles he was given. In his lifetime he would be given many titles that meant a lot to many people: Prince Gryffindor of Gryffindor, Head Auror, Director of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement for the Ministry of Magic of Great Britain, General in His Majesties Army, Supreme Allied Commander of the United Earth Military, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot of the United Earth Government, Professor, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry, and of course The Most Powerful Magical Being Alive. However, the titles Harry loved best were Husband, Father, Uncle, Grandfather, Friend, and Brother . It was the last title that Hermione needed. She needed her brother in order to make this crazy plan work. First she needed Harry to tell her she was not crazy. Whenever Hermione would go off the rails, Harry had always been the one that brought her back. If Harry said Hermione was crazy, she would give up her quest. However, she knew Harry wanted this as much a she did. Hermione also needed Harry to power the runes and the spells needed, and then she needed him to help her fix what had broken. Though they learned about how politically powerful he has was later in life, if they went back now, Harry would be in a position to make real changes that needed to be made in order to protect their family, the country, and their world from not only humankind, but from those things that man had created. The problem was that Harry Potter was sick. Harry had been diagnosed with what the mundanes called Lou Gehrig's Disease. While devastating to a mundane human, for a magical, it was much worse. While the loss of motor control is the same between mundane and magical, in magical people they also lose control of their magic, often times killing themselves and others before Lou Gehrig's Disease got worse. While this could be bad for any magical, Harry being Harry made this condition much worse. After the Great Wizarding War , one of the things the Ministry did was develop the ranking system of magical power and required everyone be tested when the first entered Hogwarts and when they graduated. For those who had already left Hogwarts, they were tested within the first year the ranking system existed. The highest level for a normal magical was that of Grand Sorcerer/Sorceress. Compared to a standard English Witch or Wizard, a Grand Sorcerer/Sorceress was two-hundred times more powerful than them. The Ministry also ranked Elementals. These were magicals who could control the elements at will. The highest level for an elemental was Grand Elemental Sorcerer/Sorceress. Elementals were very rare. In fact the last known elemental was the son of Perenelle and Nicholas Flamel during the 15th century. Harry had been officially ranked as both a Grand Sorcerer and Grand Elemental Sorcerer, the first magical since Merlin to be powerful in both magics. In reality Harry blew the charts off both tests. No one knew just how powerful Harry was, it was thought by many including Hermione, that Harry had no limit to his magic. That was why Harry being diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease was dangerous. His magic could possibly destroy the world if Harry could not control it. Harry's magic could, and had on more than one occasion, destroyed entire buildings when his disease first manifested itself. Thanks to Modern Mundane Medicine, Lou Gehrig's Disease was curable and had been almost eradicated. The trick was early detection and treatment, which Harry could not receive as he had been a noble hero when he should have been taking care of himself. This was something that Hermione had vowed to take care of one day. Because of the advancement of Lou Gehrig's Disease in Harry, Harry's oldest son, James Sirius Potter at the age 143 years old, serving as the Governor of the British Isles and Lord of the Ancient and Most Noble House of Potter, had ordered his father placed in a special isolation room in Saint Mungo's Hospital so that he would not kill anyone accidently. The room was bare marble with runes and enchantments cast by James and many others including his own father while he had control of himself to protect the world from Harry. Harry could be heard muttering some nights about starting out life in a closet and dying in a closet. Shaking herself from her thoughts, Hermione shifted, a method of transportation Harry invented which was much better the apparition, to Saint Mungo's and outside of Harry's room. Knowing that she no longer cared if she died, she was determined to ask Harry for his help and let the consequences be damned. After all, she was dying anyway. A broken heart and too many duels was finally catching up with her. The floor Harry was on was sealed; in order to access Harry you had to have the approvals of the Chief of Staff and James Potter in writing with a blood quill. On top of that, the wards had to allow you in. Since the wards were smart wards, a Potter/Weasley/Gryffindor Corp invention, thanks to Hermione, they would monitor the area inside and determine if it was safe. If it was not safe, the wards would not lower. As Hermione had designed the wards, they were no trouble for her to bypass without alerting anyone. As for the others spells and enchantments, well…James Sirius Potter and the others might have cast the spells, but Hermione Weasley had double checked the calculations herself. Besides, she had been an Unspeakable for many years and worked on magic much harder than this. Finally after five minutes Hermione stepped into Harry's marble tomb. Though James Sirius called it a room, Harry and Hermione called it what it really was, tomb. Harry had ordered James Sirius to build it so that when the time came, it would be sealed forever. No one would have to try and enter the tomb to retrieve his body when he died. On one of his last good days outside St. Mungo's Harry had already dug the spot where his tomb would live. Harry…and Hermione…had turned into very strange people after they hit 150 years old. "Brother, I need your help." Hermione said as she kneeled next to Harry's bed, a simple marble slab. Harry turned to see his sister and smiled. It was not the smile of someone who was losing control of himself, but that of a brother looking at his sister. "You know something Hermione, you got old. You look like Minnie McGonagall with your hair up and those glasses." Harry smirked. "All you need is the tartan colored robes. You even are a feline animagus like her." "If I look like Minerva, then you look like a bald Albus Dumbledore." Hermione said. It was true, Harry had a very long white beard that challenged Dumbledore's, with thick white eyebrows, and sparkling green eyes. However, there was not an ounce of hair on his head. "You're all old and wrinkled like a raisin as well. To top it off you are still flat on your back with no one here to take care of you while I still am walking around and was propositioned again the other day by a healthy ninety-eight year old. Of course I told him no, that I was married." Harry sighed, he lost this round of their game. "You win Hermione." Harry sat up and hugged his sister. "What brings you here today?" "I wanted to see my brother. What is wrong with that?" Hermione said. "Hermione, you came in the middle of the night, and bypassed every single security spell. You wanted to make sure that no one knew that you are here." Harry said, knowing he won the next round that hadn't even started yet. "How did you know?" Hermione asked. "Just because I am losing my mind and control of myself, does not mean that I am helpless yet. Besides, I helped construct the wards around not only my room, but Saint Mungo's as well." Harry said. "I knew the second you shifted." "Point taken." "So why are you here?" Harry looked at his sister for moment before realization dawned on him. "You did it, didn't you?" Harry asked quietly. "Yes. Fleur was able to get the last piece of information I needed from Bill's portrait yesterday. She went and etched the runes herself last night under the blood moon." "What's the catch? You aren't here to say goodbye." Hermione sighed. "I need to know if this is the right thing to do. Harry you have been my compass for too many years, I need you to tell me right now if this is a