Disclaimer: I own nothing. The characters should pray for their good fortune. Title: A Different Kind of Battle Summary: Pippin was hurt during the final battle so Merry has been taking care of him. However one night he gets too drunk and almost rapes Pippin, but Sam steps in and protects him. Now Sam feels protective over Pippin and decides he needs to have a talk with Merry. Merry/Pippin Warnings: Attempted and Mentions of Rape Author's Note- This idea popped up into my head and it won't leave. Also, I apologize if some of the events don't line up exactly perfect. ~[~ (Merry's POV) Merry had been extremely anxious the last few days after Pippin was injured in the final battle, and Sam and Frodo were brought back in frail condition. Though they would all recover, it would take a while before they were fully healed; especially Pippin who had been crushed by a troll and now sported a few cracked ribs. Sam and Frodo would need time to regain their strength since they were mostly physically spent and starved. Merry had been waiting for them to awaken, while spending his time attending to Pippin. Pippin wasn't as bright and cheery as Merry was used to, though that was because he was in a lot of pain from just breathing. He had been heavily bruised and his right arm still ached from stabbing the troll and being crushed under it. He needed a dose of pain medicine every four hours and it wasn't pleasant tasting either. He would occasionally get cranky with everyone around him, including Merry, but the spells usually didn't last long. Overall Pippin was too tired to do anything but comply with the many healers who were attending to him. He had been doing his best to stay with his cousin and comfort him the last two days since the battle, but the stress was finally getting to him. He knew that it wasn't Pippin's fault since he chose to stay with him and wake him up every four hours during the night to give him medicine. Aragorn had suggested he take a break, and thought that it would be good for both of them, so he had finally agreed after ensuring that the healers would take good care of his cousin. He had walked around the house of healing and scoured its ground. Eventually he joined the others for drinks to take the edge off and soon he lost himself to the alcohol. ~[~ (Pippin's POV) Pippin was tired and sore. Breathing was painful so he was trying to keep taking slow steady breaths. He was careful of how he moved his right arm because it still throbbed from the way the troll had crushed it to his body as it fell on him. His bruises were also tender and when the medics cared for his wounds and redressed them he fought the urge to cry as his entire body protested being moved. He really just wanted to sleep until he was better and able to function properly again. Merry had been bringing him news of Sam and Frodo and he was overjoyed when he found out that they were alive, but at the same time he was worried for them. He was told that they did not have any serious injuries, except for Frodo's finger, but they would need time to regain their strength and heal. They had also been starving and would need to eat well so they could regain their weight. Merry had gone out for a time and said he would return later. Pippin didn't mind too much since Merry had been with him since he had awoken shortly after being brought to the house of healing. He had his own private room, which was a luxury he was grateful for since so many were injured. Also, everyone had been treating him well, though occasionally all the handling required to treat his injuries made him cranky. For now though he was alone and enjoying having some time to himself to sit and relax. Merry did return later as he had promised but Pippin knew immediately that Merry was intoxicated. Not only was he stumbling around and knocking things over, but he also had a look in his eye that made Pippin cringe. His cousin was looking at him with an animalistic stare and was moving closer tripping as he went. "Merry" Pippin tried weakly to see if his cousin would snap out of whatever trance he was in. However, that only seemed to encourage him and soon Merry had climbed on his bed and was hovering over him. He was certainly scared now; especially when Merry reached down to kiss him fiercely on the lips. Pippin tried to push him away but his right arm hurt too much and he was never as adept with his left one. "What's wrong Pip? Relax, and enjoy it." Merry whispered into his ear now pressing up against him so that Pippin could feel his erection. Pippin stilled immediately and his mind began to race. He decided to try to reason with Merry since he was running out of options, and he was unsure if anyone would even hear him scream to aid him. "Merry stop, please." His cousin was removing his pants and underwear allowing his erection to spring out scarring Pippin nearly to death. For a moment he found it amusing that he had faced so much and was more terrified of being raped by Merry. "Merry don't, I know that you don't want to do this." When Merry reached down to undo his own pants he began to grow desperate. "Merry, stop this! Please, Merry! Merry!" He wriggled away until Merry's hand pushed him down causing jolts of pain from his injured ribs. Merry leaned down to whisper in ear again. "Relax Pip, it'll be fun." ~[~ (Sam's POV) Sam had awoken late in the day and was surprised to find himself in the house of healing. He couldn't believe he was alive, and when he found out that both he and Frodo had made it he couldn't have been happier. Gandalf was there when he awoke and told him to take it easy before giving him some medicine and food. After a quick check up with a healer and being told that he could walk around but not to push himself he went to Frodo's bedside. He stayed for a while before it became too painful for him and he needed to leave. Now he was wandering around even though most of the others around him were asleep. He had yet to see anyone else that he was familiar with other than Gandalf, and he assumed that he wouldn't until morning. Merry and Pippin were also around somewhere, but Sam had heard of Pippin's injures and knew that he wouldn't be walking about, and Merry would no doubt be with him. Still it was nice to be able to walk around without the threat of death and capture upon him with each step and he savored the feeling. He had been walking for a while and was starting to feel tired when he heard a voice. It sounded awfully familiar so Sam headed for that area. As he got closer he realized that it was Pippin and he sounded like he was in trouble. He moved a bit faster in case Pippin needed help and was shocked at the sight he saw when he opened the door. Merry was hovering over Pippin obviously intent on having sex with him, but Pippin was pleading with him to stop. Sam couldn't believe that Merry would rape his cousin and rushed over knocking Merry to floor. Merry hit his head on the floor and passed out after he tried to get back up. Sam checked to make sure that Merry wasn't bleeding before moving to check on Pippin. He was still shaking and his breathing was erratic, but he had pulled the covers over himself and was attempting to hide. Sam realized that he would have to be very careful about how he approached this situation and seated himself near the head of the bed reaching out to gently stroke Pippin's arm and ensure him that he meant no harm. Pippin cautiously looked at Sam who continued the soothing motion. Finally when Sam felt enough time had passed he held Pippin's hand and stroked his thumb over the back. "Are you alright?" The Took released a shuttery breath before looking him in the eye and nodding. "Yes, I'm… alright. It's just that Merry's drunk and doesn't understand what he is doing." Sam didn't care what the excuse was; something really bad almost happened and he was going to make sure that Pippin understood that what Merry did was wrong. "Pippin he almost hurt you, even if he is drunk that still doesn't excuse his behavior." He dropped the formality since he wanted to try to comfort the other. Pippin looked distraught and Sam fought the urge to draw him into a hug to comfort him. No comment was made and the silence stretched on for a few minutes as Pippin recovered from the attempted assault. "I should move Merry to another room instead of leaving him there. Where has he been staying?" Again he received a nod and Pippin pointed across the hall. "On the other side of the hall there is a room that he was given so that he could sleep there and continue checking on me throughout the night." Sam reached down to pick up Merry like he had when he carried Frodo up the mountain but stopped when Pippin's pleading voice reached his ears. "Sam please don't tell him." He stopped and looked back at Pippin shocked at what he was asking of him. "I'll return Merry to his room and then I'll come back okay." He couldn't believe Pippin's outlandish request. He would neither agree nor deny him for now, and would talk with him more after Merry was settled. After he put Merry in his bed he walked back across the hall and shut the door behind him when he entered Pippin's room. The little Took was still lying on his bed looking rather dejected and it nearly broke Sam's heart. He moved back over to the bed and got closer so he could place Pippin's head in his lap. After he did Pippin adjusted his position to be more comfortable and they sat like that for a moment as Sam played with Pippin's curls. It was a comfortable silence and Sam felt bad that he needed to break it. "Pippin I have to tell Merry, for both of your sake's." He felt Pippin flinch then and continued to try to make him understand. "He would feel so bad if he hurt you, and he needs to know what almost happened so he can prevent it in the future." A strange look came over Pippin's face then and Sam started to worry. "He already has." It was whispered so softly that Sam barely heard it and he stilled his motions in shock as he took it in. "Please, Sam you can't. It would kill him if he were to know." Sam was still accepting the fact that Merry had already hurt Pippin and he needed to know exactly how so that his mind would stop supplying assumptions. "Pippin, what do you mean he already hurt you." Pippin averted his hazel eyes and Sam could see that he was bringing up a sore subject. The Took looked extremely vulnerable and his hand clutched the blanket on his bed rather tightly. "It was a few years ago when he was really drunk. I brought him back to my place since I didn't think he would be able to get home. I don't think he understood exactly what he was doing when he overpowered me pinning me down and having his way."