After everyone was seated, the Headmaster came with his white hair and wayfarer shaped glasses held high on his nose with a sweet smile on his face. Just by a swift flick of his wand lightened the hall with glittering decorations of all the houses' theme. Another flick of his wand overloaded the tables with the best feast anyone could ever imagine. The Headmaster now raised his wine to a cheer and drank a sip of it as a symbol to the start of the feast. Everybody in the hall dived in tasty feast. Everyone was enjoying the food when suddenly there was a big crash of the window which gave an immersing view of the Quidditch grounds. All eyes were now towards the big hole. Came flying from the large crash, an envelope stamped with a red waxy seal. It zoomed right to the headmaster in the opposite side of the hall. Professor McFarland opened the letter and read it aloud: Dear McFarland, After my father's death, I have risen to secure his existence of dark arts and destroying all the institutions which were against him. You are also not going to be spared if…you don't willingly give your La Martiniere School of Wizardry in India to us. No one will be harmed if you accept the decision. My death eaters will be visiting you in a couple of months if you agree or I will be. Voldemort Jr. As the Headmaster stopped his letter, everyone in hall gasped and the hall was refilled with whispers and chattering. After a moment or two, professor McFarland said, 'The crucial time has returned to us. I or more unselfishly, we won't give our school so respectfully. But for that we will need hands of support. So I will request that who want to volunteer for their sacrifice to the school may do so. This is my clear thought and who wish to leave for their own may do so as their wish by coming up on the stage.' No one left for a couple of minutes till a number of boys started moving from their chairs. The boys were the ones who were not so known to school for either mischief or skills. They had much expressions of fearfulness than that of ignorance and attitude. Some were hiding their faces, being wrapped in shame for not helping the college in this time of darkness. Taking a long breath the Headmaster said, 'The La Martiniere Express will be here till noon tomorrow. Please send your owls for your parents to know this. I will now ask everyone to go back to your house dormitories. The last year students and staff will follow me to the Office. Good night.' Some boys of the last year were running to the Headmaster Office as they were late. As they got close to the Golden Hippogriff statue they said at once, 'RED PIXIE'. The beast lifted them up to a door on the higher floor. Before anyone of them could knock the door, the Headmaster said, 'Come in'. The crowd in the big room was a clear view that they were later than tolerable. As the boy in the front apologized for this the Headmaster gestured him not to worry. After a while the Professor said, 'Dark times have come to La Martiniere and we can't do anything more than to save our school from it. Nothing can stop us if we have knowledge and courage which will jointly lead us to wisdom. We have to do our best if we are ready to save our school. We are the only left who can guard this Magical school in return even of our life. The best we have is you all. I want you all to learn as many important jinxes as well as know the weakness about what we are going to fight with and also the remedies & counter-jinxes. We don't know but we must assume that Voldemort Junior is more powerful and skilled than the Dark Lord.' Some boys in the room gasped hearing his name. 'Here no one is so skilled to kill the dark lord's heir…except your group', McFarland said pointing to the boys who entered late. They gave weirdo expressions hearing this. Professor continued, 'I'm watching you all since you started your school years, and I proudly say that I have observed great talents and skills in you. Therefore Wasi I want you to teach Transfiguration, Prakhar to teach Potions, Care of Magical creatures to Manan, Vivaan to teach Flying lessons, Varenyam to teach Charms and finally Prabhav to teach Defence against Dark arts. With this we come to the end of the meeting.' Everyone left but Prabhav and his friends were still there. 'Sir, we have our teachers to teach us in this tough luck. Why did you choose us?' asked Prabhav impatiently. This is not going to be an easy battle. Lives will be scarified but we won't loose courage and will fight till the very end. You all are the base to our school in this crucial time. You haven't must have noticed in these years but I have, that you all have unique skills and abilities which will help us till the end. You are the only faith left who will enlighten us. You all are way too special and always will be. You are the Elite. See you all tomorrow till I manage the rest of things.' he said and submerged in his chair behind the study table. Everyone was in utter panic the next morning but not as much as the Elite. Ministry visited the school and met the Headmaster as well as the Elite in the Blue Room. 'Was the extra effort really needed Carlyle?' asked the Minister, 'I mean the Auror department and whole Ministry will fight along you. We will surely win over them.' ' Over confidence is the key of immense failure, it can destroy a wonderful heaven into a dreadful hell if it joins hands with laziness .' he said before sipping the tea 'I always want my boys to stride for excellence with their full effect to the efforts they made. And in this case, it is vastly necessary. Please have the biscuits.' 'Do you trust your boys so much?' as he was looked deep into the eyes of the Headmaster to find the true answer while picking up a biscuit from the traditional silver plate. 'Yes. They will be always by my side and I am sure of that.' he continued with a sip, 'I am very thankful to you that you are providing the assistance. But I don't want you to interfere in the other matters. Will you help me in this Minister?' 'Ah…well…yes as you have the jurisdiction over your school I should not interfere which I won't. But I don't want you to regret to your decision later on.' 'Alright.', said the Headmaster as he stood up to shake hands with the minister before having him apparated... No one said anything until the group crossed the Blue Room and Wasi finally tried to say, 'What the_? How can he make us teach the school?' 'But what's the problem in it. I mean whatever subject he has given us we are good at it, aren't we? said Varenyam trying to handle the situation, 'and who knows that this helping step could make us win over You-Know-Who's son.' Around eight they met back in the Chapel and discussed what lessons they will teach for the first day as a teacher in La Martiniere. The meeting was going on as Vivaan's owl came and gave a note from the headmaster saying that they will not teach with the books but only show and make the others do the practical. When everyone's plan for the coming days was ready they set off towards the Spence Hall for dinner discussing once more what all happened last night. 'Where's Prakhar gone?' asked Prabhav. 'He must be giving food to Annabelle. Poor cat will have to go back to Indore as Prakhar fears that she may die in the battle' said Manan taking a sip of Butterbeer. 'Oh its good she's going…I don't like her, so untidy that it gives me allergies.' said Vivaan. Soon enough Prakhar came to the Hall and sat beside Prabhav. Accio Plate said Prakhar and the hot plate flew and landed in front of him from the big table in the center of the hall. The decorations were yet not removed along with the round tables. Starting with Manan everybody went back to their house rooms to sleep and face a hard morning the next day. More early than usual everyone got up and went straight for their first Charms class which was to be taught by Varenyam instead of Professor Neeraj but then also the subject teachers were requested to stay in their teaching rooms only. The Teaching group reported in the Charms room first following the boys. After everyone settled Varenyam began his class, 'So a very good morning to all of you. Till the battle starts I, Varenyam will teach you the Charms subject.' Mr. Neeraj coughed and Varenyam understood by adding, 'with Professor Neeraj as my guide to this subject if I teach anything incorrect.' Prabhav's group grinned. Varenyam discussed the fundamental steps of revising how many to swish and flick and the different patterns required to be made with the wand to successfully make a charm. 'Now all of you will hold your wand lightly and try to make an upside down U-shape flick and say the spell…' said Varenyam moving his wand as the way he said the others to do and said the spell'… Aguamenti' as water came flushing out of his wand in the bowl he had kept to store as the other students. All students tried the same way. Some succeeded in the first attempt and some took more than ten attempts. Yugansh said the spell but the water scooted in his face as he had made a normal U flick. When everybody was able to do the right thing (even Yugansh), Varenyam taught them the use of the disappearing the objects spell. 'In this charm think of a place where you want the object to get apparated for example this scroll and say Apprateo ' and as they saw the scroll got apparated in the hands of Professor Neeraj by a cross swish of his wand. Other students also tried… Next was Manan's turn to teach Care of Magical Creatures and he did it pretty well by explaining how to control an angry Pogrebin which was a Russian demon. How to deal with beasts like Werewolves, Erklings, and foul smelly creatures called Bundimun. He ended his debut class by taking practical tests of how to handle Blast ending skwerts. Flying lessons with Vivaan were simply good except the broomstick accident between Varun & Uday. Later they found themselves in the hospital wing with the school matron, Miss Badgell. With a very hectic and tiring day, all of the boys returned to their house dormitories after eating their dinner much faster than usual. Only Prabhav, Wasi and Prakhar were left with their debut turn of subjects given to them about which they were very nervous. The day started by the Care Taker's knocks of hammer on the Notice boards of the House rooms. Many boys surrounded the piece of paper which with the headmaster's sign said to get their wands suitability checked in the Activity hall by Jason Ollivander so no further failure could result in the battle due to the wands. More than expected students went to the hall making the headmaster to put a charm for not to give entry to more than 20 students at a time. After a long wait, Prabhav's group got a chance to see Ollivander. Being in the front, Prabhav got the chance to get his wand tested. He handed