A/N: I have a humble request for my readers. If there is/are character(s) and plot point(s) that you don't like or agree with that's perfectly fine. I encourage you to leave your opinion but read the chapter in full. Thanks. Abbottsford Estate Sweat poured down Harry Potter's face as he rounded the corner of the wooded pathway breathing heavily. When the back terrace came into view, Harry grunted and ran faster. His chest heaved, his lungs felt like they were on fire but he pushed himself faster. Harry raced up the steps, ran straight at the wall and back flipped off it to check his speed. He knelt on the ground and faced back towards the woods on the grounds. "Well I certainly think that if being Lord Potter doesn't suit you, you can definitely join the circus as an acrobat." Harry didn't respond to the dry quip from his left, still kneeling on the ground and eyes gazing intently at the tree line. He felt his blood pumping furiously in his veins and his heart thundering in his ears. The raw magical and physical energy coursing through him at that moment made him feel more alive than he had ever felt before and Harry relished the feeling. "You feeling all right there Harry?" "I'm fine Sirius. Just enjoying the moment right now." Harry stood up, stripped off his soaked through t-shirt and took the offered large glass of water from Dobby who stood behind Harry's right side. Harry draped his t-shirt over his shoulder and turned towards his godfather. The sight of a healthy and powerful Sirius Black made Harry smile and he gave Dobby back the now empty glass. "What? Why are you smiling at me like that?" "Do you realise that it has been two years, one month and one week since I saved you from the ill-fated battle in the Department of Mysteries?" "A fact that myself and women everywhere are thankful for every day." Harry snorted at Sirius's playful response and looked up at the sky as he remembered that hectic night. The duel between Sirius and Bellatrix still fascinated Harry, their similar styles and their love forof the thrill of combat. Harry had seen Bellatrix's quick footwork and blasted the steps at her feet with a quick blasting hex. This had thrown the mad witch off balance and the spell she had sent towards Sirius's way cut way to the left instead of hitting Sirius's chest dead centre. Harry's quick action had saved Sirius's life but had drawn the ire of both older magicals. "Did you have a good run Harry?" The sound of Remus's voice drew Harry out of his dark thoughts and he smiled at the older wizard. Remus Lupin had changed for the better on all accounts as well in the past year and a half and the werewolf's good fortune rested squarely on Sirius's shoulders. "Moony! So glad you survived the drudgery of that blasted lord's meeting last night." "A meeting that I could have used your help at Sirius. There is only so much I can do as the acting regent for Lord Potter and having my closest ally in Lord Black there would have given me some much needed and appreciated credibility." "Oi, don't you go getting snippy with me Moony! I pull my weight and then some as Lord Black." The good-natured teasing and semi-serious banter made Harry smile as he sat down in one of the chairs on the terrace next to Sirius. Having survived the battle in the Department of Mysteries, Sirius had seemingly matured and grown up overnight. He took his roles of being Harry's godfather and Lord Black with a newfound responsibility and maturity the infamous Marauder had never displayed before. Lord Black shocked the magical world by orchestrating a brilliant offensive and defensive maneuver in pulling Harry out of Hogwarts in the aftermath of the Department of Mysteries mayhem, accepting his duty as Lord Black and appointing Remus as the acting Lord Potter. The bold strategy had been rather successful largely due to the fact that since then Minister Fudge's reign had come tumbling down and the public had been up in arms about his blatant lies in regards to Voldemort's return. The ascension of Lord Black and reappearance of Lord Potter had seemed so insignificant in comparison. "That you do my friend that you do. It is a shame that the public will never really know of your political maneuvers until they hit the papers." "Well, I can't have the nosey public mucking about in my affairs all the time, now can I? Besides where's the fun in showing my hand too soon?" "And the public will crucify you if you don't show your hand at all Sirius. Good morning gentlemen." The statuesque form of the recently renamed Narcissa Black stopped the conversation and Harry stood up. He pulled out a chair from one of the tables and Narcissa thanked him as she sat down. Harry sat back down and shook his head as he remembered the recent, life-changing history of his third teacher and mentor, the former wife of Lucius Malfoy. The beautiful witch had been restored to the Black name by Sirius the day before the Daily Prophet had printed the fire flash edition denouncing former Minister of Magic Fudge, Voldemort's foiled secret return and the public naming of many Death Eaters. "Not with you working the charities, soup kitchens and purse grabbers Cissy. With your presence and charming words my backdoor alliances can remain secret for just a little longer." "At least you recognise my contributions in keeping the public mostly unaware of your maneuvers and negotiations, Sirius." "I aim to please." Narcissa scoffed, the closest the regal witch would get to being un-ladylike and she turned her cold blue eyes onto Harry. Automatically Harry sat up straighter and cleared his throat. Narcissa smiled at Harry's movements and she reached onto the table beside her for a piece of parchment. She handed it to Harry and Harry looked at her warily as he unrolled the parchment. "What is this? My birthday is to be a big political meet and greet? I don't celebrate my birthday Narcissa, you know that." "And that foolish notion ends right now. You are going to be the next Lord Potter and possibly the next Lord Black. Your time of seclusion and isolation is over Harry. On that piece of parchment is the proposed guest list and I expect your decision on the attendees by lunch." Harry went to retort but stopped short at the unbending look in Narcissa's eyes and he sighed. These past two years Harry had indeed chosen to seclude and isolate himself even further than Sirius required of him. Harry had chosen to focus on accepting his role as a future lord of the Ruling Nine and the requirements and training had consumed his every waking moment. His guardians and mentors had accepted his request and Harry allowed them to speak on his behalf. That wasn't to say that the Potter Estate of Abbottsford didn't have visitors because the more Harry grew and learned of the political world, the more his thirst for knowledge, power and connections grew. Powerful politicians and important people came and went from Abbottsford (the Black and Malfoy manors were being renovated, leaving Abbottsford to become home base) but they remained silent about the reclusive Harry Potter. "Party? Did someone say that Harry is actually going to celebrate his birthday this year? Say it isn't so!" The loud, cheerful tone heralded Tonks's entrance but her teasing fell short when she crashed into a low-rising table on the veranda. Harry chuckled softly at his friend's muttered curse and red-faced embarrassment. The metamorphagus straightened and her grin returned as she sat on the table next to Harry's chair. Tonks deliberately ignored the reproachful clucking of Narcissa's tongue and Harry shook his head at Tonks's palpable excitement. "Of course you would hear the mention of a party, Tonks." "Parties are fun and there isn't enough of that around here for me. Plus, that means a lot of good food." Harry shook his head again at the dreamy look on Tonks's face and stood up. He shook the guest list at Narcissa and nodded his head in farewell as he walked inside his family's ancestral home. He nearly ran into Draco who walked out of their shared study. The blonde-haired wizard raised an eyebrow at the piece of parchment in Harry's hand. Harry rolled his eyes and handed it to Draco without a word. Draco's eyes flew across the words and he smirked as he handed the parchment back to Harry. "I see that everyone is forcing you to become more social and since it's your birthday party you can't miss it." "I'm sure there's a meeting or conference I can attend. Or are you just being a git because I happen to be busy on the nights you choose to celebrate your birthday with friends and family?" "Family? Mum and Sirius are the only family that I have left. The rest are dead or incarcerated." Harry nodded his head at Draco's statement and the memories of the formerly named Draco Malfoy's fall from grace and power flashed before his eyes. Sirius had called Harry into the master's study at Abbottsford and told Harry how and why he made his decision. Sirius Black stood outside the wooden door to one of the Ministry judge's private chambers and straightened his robes collar. He knocked on the door and entered when the voice from inside ordered him to. The judge sat up straighter in his chair as Sirius entered and snorted. Sirius resisted the urge to roll his eyes because he needed this judge to sign off on the seemingly small political maneuvers Sirius had planned for today. "Thank you for meeting with me your Honor and this matter shouldn't take more than a few moments of your time." "Yes, my aide tells me that you want to annul the marriage between the former Lord Lucius Malfoy and his wife Narcissa Malfoy. Why do you want to do something like that?" By now Sirius stood in front of the judge's desk and he straightened to his full height. Sirius Black had been given control over his godson, Harry Potter, and Sirius realised just how much potential his young charge had. For Sirius's master plan to work he needed to solidify his camp and Sirius needed to project the infallible air that came with being a Black. "The Black family has always been a family unit and we take care of our own. Lucius Malfoy has disgraced himself and by extension, my cousin Narcissa. Our family's reputation is being tarnished and I will not let that happen." "All right all right Lord Black. No need to keep rambling on. There. Done." Sirius took the piece of parchment detailing the marriage between Lucius and Narcissa being offered to him and carefully tucked it away inside his robes. He nodded his head at the judge and walked out of the judge's chambers. Narcissa and Draco sat further up the corridor and Draco leapt to his feet as Sirius approached. "And? What is to become of my mum and our good name?" "Quiet Draco. The Black's do not discuss family matters in public. We return to the Black Manor." Sirius didn't show any emotion except for disdain and haughtiness as he spoke to the former Malfoy heir and he extended his hand to the lift. "You can't be serious!" "Oh, I am deadly serious Draco. You have only two options, take the agreement that I am offering you or try and rebuild the Malfoy name on your own." Sirius and Draco stood across the table from one another in the Grimmald's Place kitchen and both wizards glared at each other. Draco and Narcissa had been living in the Black Manor for one week, ever since Sirius