*Chapter 1* Disclaimer: I do not own any of these these characters. All rights for their creation go to Stephenie Meyer. I wished more than anything that I didn't have to get up this morning. It wasn't only the fact that my bed was nearly begging me to stay beneath its warm covers... But mainly due to me not wanting to begin my new life here in Forks Washington. I wasn't in the mood for people… especially new ones. A different town to get used to, a different house. Everything was different. Not one thing was the same as it had been just a few days ago. I faintly remember this room from my childhood, but it still didn't bring me comfort. I already missed Phoenix. I wanted its fiery sunshine, the rays pouring down on you each day. I wanted the smoldering heat that would warm your skin and make you sweat profusely. In Forks, it was basically just the opposite. It rained almost every day here. The freezing cold droplets of water soaked you right as you got outside the door. Harsh wind would blow the droplets into your face, whipping your hair around in the process. You needed to wear nearly three layers of clothing to remain warm; the icy rain and wind combination not pleasant in the slightest. All year round it was like this, the sun shielded away by the grey clouds. The never ending stretch of the rainclouds seemed to make the world even paler, the trees even appearing to droop. If it weren't for all of the moss and greenery, I'd believe this place would look dead. I already hated it here. I missed my mom, Renee. Her eccentric and carefree attitude seemed to bring a little life to me, one that I didn't feel like I had. But now, I had to stay with my dad, Charlie. His personality was just like my own; we were both quiet, conservative and kept to ourselves. At least he would leave me alone, so I can mope in peace. The only downfall about him, just had to be the fact that he was the chief of police… so I had to ride around in his cruiser most of the time. It was either Charlie's cruiser, or walking in the wind and rain. I, personally, would take the wind and rain than have all of that attention drawn to me. I mentally quivered at the thought. I moaned as my alarm clock went off, rolling over as I tried to pretend I hadn't heard it. I clenched my eyelids shut, wanting more than anything to continue sleeping. Beep. Beep. Beep. I growled into my pillow as my hand stretched over, smacking the top of the alarm clock. I sighed and sat up, rubbing my tired brown eyes. I stretched my arms out in front of me, hearing the soft pop of my bones. I hauled myself up out of bed, then padded down the stairs to see Charlie sitting at the kitchen table. "Morning, Bells," he called, as I entered the kitchen. He was loosely gripping a wrinkled newspaper in his hands, his eyes lazily glancing over it. "Good morning," I replied, my voice monotone. He could tell that I was unhappy. I got a pale bowl out of the cabinets, then proceeded to fill it with cereal and milk. I grabbed a spoon, and sat down across from Charlie. I poked at the cereal, not really wanting to eat it. "So, are you looking forward to your first day of school here?" he asked, trying to make conversation. I looked up at him, my eyebrows pulling together. Why would I be looking forward to it? It was in the middle of the semester and I didn't know anyone. But the truth is, life here can't be much different than it was in Arizona. I didn't have many friends there, either. Actually, I didn't really have a friend. I just didn't relate well to people my age. But this just meant that I would be the new girl here, the outcast. At least everyone back at home was used to my presence, even though they ignored it most of the time. "Yep, I sure am." I offered him a small smile. Better not start off with the sob story, that would only make things worse. Pretending to like it here would make Charlie happy... So I could do that, I suppose... Charlie returned my smile, then continued to read the paper. Once I was done with my cereal, I headed upstairs to take my shower. Once out, I quickly brushed my teeth, and dried my hair. I then pondered on what I should wear. I didn't want to change out of my comfy sweats and t-shirt… but I couldn't go to school in them. I finally settled on a blouse and jeans, pulling them on within seconds. I looked at my face in the mirror, slightly frowning at my reflection. I guess I would fit in here; my ivory complexion made it seem like my skin has never seen the sun. I guess I was as ready as I would ever be. I turned, exiting from my room after grabbing my bag. I noticed Charlie's eyes on me as I hurried out the door, but I didn't pay any mind to it. As I stepped outside, I almost ran into something extremely big. And red. My eyes widened as I stared at the old rusty truck in front of me. I stared at it, confused, wondering who it belonged to. It couldn't be Charlie's, of course. But then, I heard the heavy padding of feet walk up behind me. "Surprise," Charlie chuckled, coming up from behind. I turned and looked up at him. This was for me? "Do you like it? It's your homecoming present," he added. My jaw dropped, as a huge smile pulled across my face. I adored it. "Thank you, Cha… I mean, dad!" I said, my face reddening. "Its no problem," he replied, smiling back. "Bought it off Billy Black. Do you remember him?" he asked, pursing his lips. In all honesty, I couldn't really remember well. It has been forever since I've been down here. Charlie could see my expression that I didn't. "Ah, I figured you wouldn't. Now, go on to school. Don't want to be late on your first day." I chuckled at that. I truthfully wouldn't care. I sighed, looking over at my new truck. At least I only had to go to Forks High School for two years. Then it would be over. I waved goodbye to Charlie before I climbed into the rusty red truck. It smelled like tobacco, and beer. There was also the slightest twang of peppermint. I couldn't help but love it. It seemed pretty fitting, honestly. I turned the knobs on the radio, ecstatic to see that it worked, too. I started up the truck, my head almost hitting the roof, due to the loud roar that filled the air. The truck rumbled, and sputtered, as my heart returned to a healthy beat. Well, that would certainly have to be something I'd have to get used to. I began to drive through the dreary town, trying my best to see past the rain. The windshield wipers were pretty slow as they tried to clear my view of the road ahead. Trees were everywhere I looked. And for some reason, that irritated me. It made the world seem closed in, like I was trapped in a box. No open space, just trees. Finally after a while, I approached the school. It looked like a bunch of separate buildings compiled together… where was I supposed to go in? It seemed more like a maze, which cause my anxiety to raise. I parked where I thought I should, stepping out into the rain. I made my way over to what I thought to be the office. Turns out I was right. It was a little, slightly cramped, room that was just big enough for the desk and the lady who sat behind it. She looked up at me, her blue eyes warm. "How may I help you, dear?" she asked, an eye crinkling smile lighting up her face. "I'm Bella Swan… I'm new here," I murmured, awkwardly. "That's right," she mumbled, looking through a few sheets of paper. "Here is your schedule," she said, handing me a piece of paper. I looked it over for a minute, seeing I was rather content with everything on it... Although, I had biology to take. I had just taken it back in Arizona, and I truly was not in the mood for all of that again. "Um... I took biology back at home... Is there anything else I could switch into?" I asked, pursing my lips. The lady turned, looking over at her computer before typing into it. "It looks like the only thing open is U.S. History. Is that alright?" she asked, her fingers pausing over the keyboard. "Yes, that's perfect," I nodded, feeling a bit better about my schedule now. Biology just seemed like a bad idea, especially since I know most of it already. I watched as she printed out a new schedule, then handed it to me over the desk. "Thank you," I said, turning and walking out of the office after discarding the first schedule. I entered the main building, and made my way around. Of course, my first class just had to be upstairs. Wonderful. Like my accident prone body needed a reason to fall on my first day, and possibly break my neck. Right as I got to the top stair, I ran into a girl which caused my books to drop from my arms. "Oops, so sorry," she said, bending down, and picking them up. Wow, she was tiny! She couldn't be taller than five feet. She quickly handed my books back to me, as she ran a hand through her spiky black hair. I couldn't help but notice that her eyes were almost black, too. Her complexion was paler than mine, which was shocking to say the least. She rushed by me then, before I could even thank her. I turned and watched her gracefully skip down the stairs. Someone else was walking with her, but I could only see the back of his head, which contained wavy golden locks. I shrugged and moved on. I walked into my first class, stopping to talk to the teacher. He was a middle aged man with hard grey eyes and a stone frown that seemed as though it was forever engraved onto his face. This class should be complete hell, and he was sure to enforce it. I knew my face was as red as a tomato when he introduced me to the class, all of their eyes glued to me as I awkwardly stood in the front of the room. I hurried and sat in the only vacant seat in the back of the room, relieved to be free of their stares. The class droned on, as I fought to pay attention. I had already learned this stuff in Arizona as well, therefore I really didn't want to learn it again. But I couldn't change out of every class, like I did biology. I was the first one to stand up, after the bell rang. I walked out into the hall, prepared to pull out my schedule again to find out which class to go to next. Suddenly, my bag was yanked from my shoulder. I gasped, and twisted around. There was a boy there, with short blonde hair that wasn't far from white. He was holding my bag, a nice yet snobby smile on his face. To his side, was another boy with shaggy black hair, and glasses. My fingers clenched as I glared at the two, not wanting to put up with meeting anyone. "Can I have my