Disclaimer: I don't own any of this. Preface: I realized pretty quickly that no matter where I take this, at least some people are going to be unhappy about it. Honestly, I'm not really sure I can do William justice anymore, as odd as that sounds, since he's supposed to be me. I really considered just letting the story end as it did in ACoT, because there's always that risk that the sequel ruins the perception of the first. Time hasn't been kind to my own perception of the first story, though, either, so oh well. The best criticism of ACoT I've seen was that William never actually came totally clean to the main characters, though it seemed I'd been building up to that the whole story. I was, actually, and then I got this great idea for a sequel...and then I never finished it... I had a couple different ideas for the sequel (alternate sequels, or perhaps follow-on sequels), but all that time ago, my muse developed this one the most. You can just pretend like this doesn't exist, if you like, just like the Star Wars prequels. If such things existed, I mean. For those of you just joining me, this is a sequel to my Harry Potter OC self-insert fanfiction entitled A Curse of Truth . I shall endeavor to explain things such that you don't have to read it, but I can't promise I'll do a good job at it. As my first long form story it has plenty of issues, but I think it's worth reading first. Just don't read this one first if you're planning on reading that one, because there will probably be spoilers. The style shall remain the same: there will be a single PoV, first person, present tense, throughout the entire story. You'll never hear the thoughts of another character, though you will probably hear the PoV character guess as to what those thoughts might be. If I mess that up — or anything else, for that matter — I expect you to yell at me. As I've now explained on my profile, though, I'm not really writing anymore. Although, I will say I put some work into this just now, some five years after I started, to make it more presentable. So, perhaps there is a chance... I really, really wanted to get to a certain point in the plot before I started posting, but I didn't get there. Perhaps it's best if I don't get there, though, if I'm not going to develop the story much beyond that. I dunno. If you're still reading, I hope you enjoy. A Curse of Prophecy Chapter One Not Again! With practiced ease, I slide the key into the keyhole and open the mailbox. Under the influence of muscle memory, I start closing it again after the briefest of glances. But this time, my hand and my heart stop at the exact same moment. My mind goes completely blank when I find a single letter lying within, affixed with quite a bit of postage...international postage. No name is written with the return address—a jumble of numbers and letters I barely register as an address before I tear open the envelope. My eyes skip straight to the end, straight to the signature at the bottom. As soon as I see it, my head swims, my eyes go blurry, and my arms start shaking. My world goes dark. My eyes shoot open. Or at least, I think they do, but apparently, my world decides to stay dark. My sense of balance tells me I'm lying flat on my back, but that's all I really know. Feeling around for the letter, I come up with absolutely nothing except the knowledge that the floor is a lot dirtier than any post office has a right to be. Also, there's a wall. Smothering a stream of curses at my jammed fingers, I sweep my legs outward and listen carefully for rustling paper. Nothing. What of the letter itself? I try to picture the letter as if I could remember something from it, but all I can picture are generic paragraphs. I can't even remember if it was addressed to me specifically. But I do remember the signature: Ophion ...the serpent coiled around the egg that birthed the universe, according to some story in Greek mythology. Ophion was also the subject of the pendant I had carved a lifetime ago for a dear friend. But what could that possibly mean? Was it she who sent the letter, and if so, why would she sign it like that? Perhaps her sister? Neither option made much sense, at least not without reading the rest of the letter. Damn it, what did it say? I've got nothing. Okay, so taking stock of my surroundings is apparently worthless, as is trying to remember the letter. I can't see, so I'm not about to go exploring just yet. It smells...stale, I guess; I smell a pervasive, earthy odor that isn't exactly pleasant but neither is it enough to be discomforting. I do hear some distant noise, but it's just that: indistinguishable, distant noise. However, my own shifting and rustling indicates I'm in some large room, but beyond that I know nothing. I feel...what do I feel? Suddenly it hits me all at once. I feel...magic! It's back! I mentally poke and prod at the fluid sphere of magic in my gut just like I had so many times before...before I died. I remember waking up this morning like I did every morning and wondering if it was all a dream, but here I am, lying on a dirty floor who knows where, jammed fingers throbbing too painfully for a dream. And yet I can feel my magic once again there in my gut, a comfortable presence that I had missed all that time. Is it the same? I can't tell; it seems calm at the moment, though I distinctly remember it once roiled within, eager to escape and be shaped according to my will. Was that just when I was under stress? Had it been a result of all the training I'd undertaken? Tentatively I pull off a couple separate streams like loose threads, and they snap back healthily to the source when I release them, as expected. Obviously it's internal so it doesn't really have a color, but it doesn't feel like the pure, white magic I twice felt before in extreme situations. I wonder if I can even access that anymore, considering...what happened. Forcing so much of that magic out of me might well have been permanent. But clearly this normal magic—cyan, I decide is its color—is back. Am I back, then? A growing clatter jolts me out of my internal diagnosis. Just as I decide that I should try to conjure a light, faintly reflected light gives me my first view of my surroundings. Massive, cracked and grayed marble walls line the cavernous room, with pillars along either side, lengthwise. In the yellowish light filtering through the doorway in the center of the wall to my right, I'm reminded of some kind of old formal dining hall in a castle, despite the apparent lack of any furnishings whatsoever. The subtly shifting, growing light acts like a single torch, casting creepy shadows of the columns along the wall behind them. Suddenly a group of people burst through the door—four of them, as far as I can tell, since my view of the door is slightly obstructed by the columns—and one collapses on the floor. "You people are crazy," the collapsed one says, and then pulls off a helmet. Wait, a helmet? The castle conjecture might not be too far off the mark. I consider eavesdropping for a little while, but I really don't want to piss them off. I decide to take my chances with revealing myself. "Hello?" Their heads whip around and the one with the flashlight aims it right at me. Wait, a flashlight? So not some medieval time, and not the same magic as before, since batteries appear to work wherever we are. I quickly cover my eyes against the sudden brightness and try to blink away the tears, trying to give my eyes time to adjust after spending so much time in the dark. "Can you help me?" "Who's there?" A female voice. "I...uh...William," I say, deciding on the spot to use my old imaginary name. Well, one of them. It sounds odd on my tongue now. I stand and brush myself off, looking down to find myself wearing the same jeans and polo I had been wearing at the post office. "I just woke up here a minute ago," I say as I walk slowly toward them, my hands still up in front of my eyes. I figure besides shading my still adjusting eyes it lets them see I'm not armed. "Where am I?" "Great, just what we need," the guy on the floor mutters, but the others ignore him. There is nothing but silence behind the light for several moments, then the light turns away to reveal a short, red-haired girl dressed in normal clothing. What the hell? Didn't the first guy have a helmet of some sort on? It could have been a prop or something... "Rachel, could you—?" That's a male voice, but I don't think it's the same as the first. "Sure, I got it," she cut in with a hint of snark. Okay, so I'm dealing with two males and two females, one named Rachel. No British accents this time. Doesn't ring a bell. As we walk toward each other, the light swings to the guy on the floor. "I recognize you," girl-who-is-not-Rachel says to him. "You were one of the undetermined kids in the H—well, you know, years ago..." Undetermined kids? What's this? It's starting to tickle a memory now. "Yeah, and you're Annabeth. I remember." I go rigid at hearing that name — as uncommon as that name is, I understand the implications immediately. Annabeth, Rachel, undetermined kids...that must be Percy Jackson! Aw hell, not again. "What was that?" Rachel's voice startles me, and the light swings back to me. Damn it, can I not internally monologue here? That would really suck. Hey, I guess I didn't say that out loud. "Uh, nothing...I'm just...surprised, is all," I stammer. "Have you been down here before?" Annabeth's asks me. Whether it was surprise, curiosity, or suspicion that tinged her voice, I don't know. "I don't have time for this," the guy on the ground says. I rather agree. He stands and brushes himself off and says, "look, thanks for the help, but I'm outta here." "Wait," she says, attention once again on the formerly helmeted guy, "why were you trying to join up with...the wrong side?" Her voice falters, and I understand she's watching her words around me. "There is no right side," he says with a sneer. "The g—your side never cared about us, why should I—?" "Sign up with an..." She trails off, throwing an annoyed glance at me. "Hey," I cut in, "don't hold back on my account. I believe you were about to ask why he would want to join up with somebody who only cares about him as cannon fodder." "What would you know about it?" He spits at me. "Better an absentee parent than an abusive one," I say. It occurs to me at that moment that we're almost certainly in the Labyrinth, and suddenly I'm really glad I stopped them. I don't remember who this guy is so I can't say anything about his godly parent, but I'm fairly certain he's trying to join up with Kronos. Unfortunately I can't play it slow like last time...I'll have to throw them some bait, get them to take me with them. "But you're right, I don't know. I don't know why anybody would expect someone like Kronos to keep his word, whatever he promised you." That statement