Wesley Crisis Summary: It has been a couple months since Voldemort's defeat and wizards and witches all over Britain are still rejoicing. One family though is in the middle of the biggest crisis to ever befall them. Their eldest son, who had married a French half-Veela during the middle of the war, was inconsolable after being dumped and discovering his wife cheated on him. Warnings: Slash (Male on Male). Threesome. Alive Fred because I don't want to deal with that. Rated M you know why. Disclaimer: Don't own Harry Potter and don't make money out of it. A/N: This is a Christmas gift to my friend JP who asked for a Bill/Charlie/Harry pairing, and as per his request is also posted on AO3. Sorry for procrastinating so much iwi There is a sequel/side story made for my friend manuzy who asked for a Weasley Twins/someone pairing (which I ended up doing with Draco because I can't get enough of him). Keep tuned for more 1 - Consolation Prize Harry felt odd. Here he was in the middle of a meeting to deal with the Weasleys most recent family crisis. No one expected Fleur to act in such a way. Well, no one but Harry. Fleur was a nice enough girl, but he remembered from fourth year how shallow she seemed and acted. After seeing her worried persona in the second task, he thought she had more depth to her character. In the end, Harry was wrong. She just wanted a handsome and rich man by her side. Bill was handsome, no one could question that, but he wasn't rich. He made some good money as a Curse Breaker but not near enough to satisfy her; she also hated that he always sent some to help the family. While all the Weasleys were discussing what to do next, Harry could only think their ideas were all wrong. Bill didn't need anyone hovering; he needed space. He needed to mourn. Bill lost a loved one. Sure, the woman was still alive, but for him, it was like the woman he fell in love with and married was dead. He couldn't see the woman he loved anymore. Having lost Sirius and Remus, Harry understood. He was even mourning Snape of all people. "What do you think, Harry?" Everyone looked his way as Ginny asked his opinion. He sighed taking off his glasses to pinch the bridge of his nose. He put them back and shook his head, all the while waiting for them to forget about him and go on discussing their own ideas. No such luck for him, he used it all defeating the Dark Lord of the century. "I think we should leave him alone." They all started talking at the same time, except for Charlie, Percy and Arthur, so Harry lifted his hand to stop their rambling, which miraculously worked. "I know you all feel powerless now. I know you want to do something for him but he is mourning. The best you can do now is give him time and space to deal with it any way he wants. I'm not saying to ignore him, but pressuring him to talk will do him no good. Bill is strong, he will recover." He will find someone worthier . Charlie was observing his family getting ahead of themselves again knowing they would only end up hurting Bill even more. Charlie never liked his brother's wife, but then again he wasn't exactly close to his family since he left to care for his dragons. He didn't really know the girl so he refrained from commenting on his impressions. The only time he saw her, aside from the wedding, was a few years back during the TriWizard Tournament's first task. She was more worried about her clothes than the dragon or the task. The upside of the meeting was getting to see Harry. He had grown up into quite the handsome man. He wasn't that wee lad rushing through the night with Ron carrying a baby dragon. Nor was he the boy who was crazy enough to use a broom to outmanoeuvre a dragon. He heard he also had quite the rivalry with a boy named Draco. Maybe it was Charlie's luck that Harry was somewhat obsessed with dragons. Or, perhaps, it was just his wishful thinking. Now everyone was stunned silent after Harry's speech. Charlie couldn't have used better words to describe Bill's situation. Mourning. That Fleur girl was certainly dead to his brother now; still, it hurtled to think about what she had done. If it hurt him to think about it, Charlie could only imagine it was even worse for his brother. From the look on Bill's face, he thought so too and was grateful to Harry. Ron really had a knack for making friends. Harry had surmised well what he was going through. He was mourning the loss of his love. He would get better, this wasn't his first girlfriend by any means but he had married her and promised to spend the rest of their lives together. It didn't even last a year before she was screwing some other guy, in their bed no less. He would definitely get better, she wasn't worth all that pain; still, he needed time since his love for her was as real as it could be. He saw his brother Charlie look at him. Soon enough all eyes would be on him, so he better do it on his own terms. "Thank you, Harry." Such a simple sentence had everyone whipping their heads in his direction. He sat down next to his saviour; he even chuckled at the non-intended pun. "Sorry for eavesdropping. I just came down for a cup of tea." "Are you all right, dear?" His mother asked already starting to hover. He sighed and nodded. There wasn't much he could do at this point. He understood his family was worried and wanted to help. He still thought they would help better by treating him like normal, not like he had a terminal disease and there was no spell or potion available for treatment. A cup of hot tea was placed in front of him. Turning to look who was actually paying attention to what he said, he saw Harry's smile that was more like a grimace. He smiled back and took his cup of tea to his room. He had to prepare to go back to work; he doubted the goblins would give him any more time off than they already had. A week after the Weasley meeting found Harry in a Gringotts office with Bill. Harry was blushing hard at all charges the goblin was reciting against him. It was war, damn it. He wasn't thinking about the consequences of breaking into Gringotts. "That's quite a lot of charges, Harry." He whistled. "So Fangnar, what exactly does he owe Gringotts? If I remember right, you don't charge for thievery when you don't catch the culprit." Harry whipped his head up at that comment. "What?!" What did he mean by saying they didn't charge if they didn't catch the thieves? "Yes. As much as we want to ship you off to prison, we did not catch you. Alas, we saw you in the act, but we still did not catch you. Therefore, we will only charge for the damage caused. How do you intend to pay?" "Basilisk's parts." Harry didn't have time to think of the value. He remembered Hermione mentioning they fetched a high price and the one he killed in second year was still intact in the chamber. "I have a dead Basilisk ready to harvest. I think there are some skins too. I heard they fetch a good price." Fangnar and Bill were looking at him with incredulous eyes. Maybe Harry couldn't use the Basilisk. It should fall on Hogwarts property... "Sorry. Maybe I cannot use it. It is not exactly mine, you see." Damn him and his honesty. "What do you mean" Fangnar recovered first. "I killed it during my second year in the Chamber of Secrets. So it's Hogwarts property, right?" Fangnar only shook his head. Bill still had the incredulous look. "The Chamber is not listed as part of Hogwarts assets. It belongs to whoever is able to make a claim. As you killed its guardian and Slytherin's heir, you should be its new owner. Actually, you are able to claim any possessions of the Dark Lord together with your Lordships." "Lordships?" Bill finally recovered. "I thought he had done that already." He was frowning. "He didn't. He still uses only his trust fund." "Harry, you should claim your Lordships already. You have a responsibility to managing your states and monies. Just because goblins have some of the best managers doesn't mean you can slack." "Sorry if I was busy fighting for my life and surviving a Dark Lord again. And sorry if I didn't have any time to deal with banking stuff after killing said Dark Lord and dealing with being orphaned for the third time in my life." Harry just got up and left to his home. At least at Grimmauld Place, he didn't have to deal with people judging him. He should have known better, no matter the time or situation people would always judge him wrong. Bill sat there watching Harry stomp his way out of Fangnar's office. He really had screwed up this time. The only person to understand him and try to talk his family into leaving him alone to mourn his loss was now mad at him. And with reason. Sure, it hurt to be dumped by his beloved wife but he Harry had lost all his family. His parents on that fateful night, his godfather and his step godfather. He couldn't even visit his godson yet because Tonks' mother didn't let him. Of course, he wouldn't think about money and inheritances. It was truly stupid of him to say Harry was slacking when he had much more to deal with than he did. He sighed and asked Fangnar a list of everything Harry needed to take care of and a copy of the reparations to be done to Gringotts. He said his goodbyes and went after Harry; most likely, he had gone to Grimmauld Place. Bill remembered his youngest brother saying something about Harry living there now. Bill was currently laying on his bed and reflecting on his actions. Harry was more distant since Bill's screw up at the bank. He didn't come quite as often to the Burrow and didn't receive anyone in his house. Bill knew from the goblins that Harry started dealing with his inheritances and the goblins had harvested his Basilisk and even found an egg in the Chamber. The egg was secured in a vault of its own and the money made from the Basilisk was split half to the bank and half to Hogwarts. The value of the ingredients and skin was so high that the half received by the goblins put Harry right at the top of the list of the best clients. He didn't need to worry about his financial situation now since the goblins had his best interests in mind. Bill was one of the warders and curse-breakers working with the Hogwarts wards. There was some nasty stuff there. Beginning with the rumoured curse on the DADA position, which was quite real, until the tangled mess that was the school's wards. They were putting some new wards and charms for safety. The money from the Basilisk helped pay for all the reconstruction of the school, and to renew the parts that were still standing. McGonagall even had enough to offer a decent salary to the new teachers; they were still temporary for the next school year. From what he heard from the Headmistress, the next year would be spent reformulating the Hogwarts Curriculum and searching for permanent teachers. If they opened something related to warding and