AN/ Standard disclaimers to my general audience readers apply: this story will eventually contain the corporal punishment of teenagers by a parental authority figure. Disclaimer to my kink audience applies thusly: this is a story with spanking, not a Spanking Story. If all goes according to plan, updates will be weekly. Enjoy, and please drop me a line if you like it, hate it, have ideas or questions, et cetera. Chapter 1: Two Steps Away From the County Line Katniss scowled at the headrest in front of her, and clenched her fingers tighter around the seat belt on her waist. There was an empty space beside her on the back bench seat of the social worker's car, where only twenty minutes before, her little sister had sat. In the trunk, there was a garbage bag full of Katniss' clothes and a few school books, and a handful of random things she'd swiped off the top of her dresser to land in the bag without really looking at them. Katniss was furious. With the social worker, with the police, sure. With her pinch-faced manager back at the diner, of course. But mostly she was furious with herself. Because of her own stupid actions, her and Prim had been taken from their dingy little apartment in the Seam neighborhood on the west end of town, where Katniss had managed to carve out a living for them for the past several years on her own ingenuity and persistence. She had known better than to steal anything from the diner, let alone money from the register - she really had. But she'd done it anyway. Whether she'd gotten too cocky and complacent or whether she'd just been too hungry and tired to think quite right, she didn't know. At this point, she could barely remember how she'd ended up in the puttering old car, its worn seats smelling like dogs and covering her threadbare jeans in a coat of black hairs. All she could think was, my fault, my fault . Prim was gone, dropped off in front of some huge apartment on a street whose name Katniss hadn't been able to read in the dark. Katniss hadn't even been allowed to go in with Prim or Miss Cardew. She'd had to stay in the car, smelling her new caseworker's labradors and wondering what kind of welcome her little sister was getting. Wondering if the people she was going to stay with were nice, if she would eat well, and if Prim would know now she should keep her mouth shut. Katniss could kick herself, she was so mad - she'd been afraid of getting found out by child services for a long time now, she should have told Prim not to say anything to anyone who ever came knocking at their door. If the police had just thought Katniss was a delinquent, if they hadn't gone inside the apartment and seen their mother zoned out and seen how little food was in the cabinets, maybe Katniss would just be spending a night in a jail cell to get scared straight, and maybe she'd be able to go home in the morning. She could get a new job, pay a fine, and go back to her mission in life: keeping Prim fed, safe, and happy. But Katniss wasn't going home. She wasn't sure where she was going at all. She and Prim had been allowed fifteen minutes and given a garbage bag each to stuff their things in before they were removed from the home, and it had been more important to Katniss to try and hug and comfort Prim in the back of the car than it had been to pay attention to where they were going. That was her third mistake that night. Her first, of course, had been stealing the money. Her second had been assuming that she and Prim would be put up in the same home. Why would they separate sisters? Who would separate her from Primrose? Panem's Department of Human Services would, apparently. They'd driven somewhere near the northern end of the sprawling city they lived in, if Katniss' sense of general direction was correct. It was a pretty ritzy part of town, so at least Katniss knew whoever was taking care of Prim wasn't doing it solely for the stipend foster homes received each month for looking after other people's kids. Katniss had thankfully been able to avoid the system herself, but had heard stories from a couple of kids in her and Prim's combined K through 12 school. It wasn't always pretty. In fact, it often was not. There was a reason Katniss tried to avoid it. She glared out the window then, not recognizing the neighborhood but feeling more at home in the familiar setting of filthy sidewalks and broken windows. It was an obviously rough part of town, and the people that lived here were usually just as tough to handle as the streets themselves. It was where Katniss had grown up, all she had ever known, and a place she felt comfortable. The engine rumbled, sputtered, and eventually stopped when the car was outside a squat, two-story building that had once most likely been brilliantly white. Now, it was grey, with paint chipping off the bricks and rusting bars over the windows. Fulvia Cardew, her no-nonsense caseworker, barked that this was it, and opened Katniss' door on her way to the back of the car to pop the trunk. Katniss got out, apparently too slow for Cardew's liking, because the unpleasant woman snapped her fingers at her to get her moving. Scowling, Katniss stalked around to the back of the car, grabbed her bag out, and pulled it hastily to her chest when Cardew nearly caught the end of it as she closed the trunk. The last thing she needed was for the bag to rip; her things looked trashy enough in the Hefty bag without having to be retrieved from the street as well. Fulvia led her with a barely-there hand on her elbow, not to the front door as Katniss expected, but around the alleyway on the side of the building and into a back yard of sorts. Katniss raised a questioning eyebrow when they passed, of all things, a pen full of geese settled down for the night in the scraggly grass. Then it was up a rickety wooden staircase and Cardew was rapping on the faded grey door. "Did I read the sign right?" Katniss asked while they waited for any kind of answer. "Are we at a boxing gym?" "The man who owns it lives above it," Cardew explained, and Katniss thought she saw her roll her eyes. But maybe it was just a reflection on her glasses from the floodlights below. "This is an apartment. Although I'm starting to wonder if he doesn't live in the gym, itself!" She turned and headed down the staircase once more, and Katniss had to press herself back against the railing to get out of the way in time for her to go down. Now rolling her own eyes, she followed Cardew, back down the stairs, around the building, leaving honking geese in their much louder retreat. Fulvia wasted little time in knocking loudly on the gym's front doors and ringing the nearby buzzer. It took a full minute of this before they heard some noise from inside - an indistinct voice and some shuffling. A light came on and Katniss peeked from behind Fulvia, trying to see in the wire-lined windows. A shape from somewhere inside came forward more and more until she could make out the form of a man. Said man just glared at them and asked through the door, "what do you want?" "Haymitch Abernathy?" Fulvia said, then pressed on without waiting for an answer, "I'm Miss Cardew, I'm here with a foster child in need of placement." Katniss watched the man, who looked downright exhausted. His hair was long, a sort of dishwater blond, and his face was unshaven. He pressed the heel of his hand against his brow, stepped away a bit, and pulled a clanking ring of keys off the wall somewhere to his right. He opened the front doors and Fulvia stepped in, quick and businesslike. "Well why in hell did you bring her here ?" Haymitch demanded, looking at Katniss for half a moment before returning his attention fully to the caseworker. Katniss glared back at him, though he didn't seem to notice. "Listen, I haven't had a kid here in years. There is no damn reason for you to bring me one now. Put her somewhere else. Anyway you know what happened to my… You know that I'm single, now, and I thought you didn't put kids in homes with single men." Fulvia held up her clipboard, though she didn't show either of them what was on it. "I am aware of your marital situation, and while we at the department do give our condolences, there really is no other place to put her. The foster system in this county, really in the whole state, is simply overrun. Katniss is… Well, to be frank, Mr. Abernathy, if you turn her away now, she will go to a juvenile detention facility." Katniss clenched her jaw. That , she hadn't known. With a glance around the old gym and its somewhat haggard owner, she almost wondered if there was a better situation between these choices. Go to jail , or live in this dump without her sister. Haymitch finally gave the kid a long look, who was making a fairly good effort at not looking scared, and making this effort by glaring in an almost insulting way at his gym. She was full of spit and vinegar alright, but when he looked past the obvious chip on her shoulder, he could see that she was skin and bones. The poor girl couldn't weigh more than ninety-five pounds soaking wet. He wasn't sure she'd last ten minutes in any kind of prison, even one made for kids. Not when she was scrawny and spoiling for a fight she couldn't handle. "Well," he said, looking back at Cardew with a furrowed brow. "I don't want that to happen. But even so, what about your… rules," he said, waving his hand vaguely. "Single man and all." "It's more of a guideline. And the fact you're so concerned speaks well about your character," Fulvia said, and he sneered at the idea. Good character was not something generally associated with Haymitch Abernathy. "You know, she is right here," Katniss said finally, gritting her teeth. She let her bag drop, plopping haphazardly onto the gym floor beside her as she folded her arms. "If you wanted to talk about me like I wasn't here, you should have told me to go somewhere else!" Haymitch tried not to smirk, but when he saw Fulvia Cardew getting something of a twitch near her left eye, he couldn't help but let out a short laugh. "Suppose we should have, sweetheart. Go upstairs, then," he said, nodding to a staircase at the far corner of the gym that was closed off by a locking door. He handed her the key ring. "The little round-headed key. Go. Help yourself to the fridge." Katniss was a little surprised and quite a bit wary. "I have a name," she said, then gave him a mistrustful look, took the key, snatched up her bag, and turned on her heel to go. She didn't like being dismissed from a conversation that concerned her own future, and she hated being ordered around. She might have been more tempted to stick around and argue if he hadn't mentioned the fridge. Katniss wasn't sure what else they started to talk about, as she was too far away by the time she heard their voices again to understand what they were saying. So she unlocked the door, headed up the stairs as