"My pride is stronger than my feelings, don't try to play me. I could think about you 24/7 and you still wouldn't hear from me..." -PoemsPorn She cannot believe this is happening to her. Please Merlin, not her.. "Ok, so let me get this right.. You want me to house who?" She asked again. Both of the men sighed. They thought it would go over so much better than this. Honesty, neither of them thought Rose would have a problem with the arrangement. Or at least they had hope she didn't. "Rosie, this is his only chance of surviving. If we don't take him out of this dangerous situation, he might just get captured and killed." Whispered Harry Potter, looking straight into his nieces blue eyes. Rose sighed. It's not that she didn't like him . It's just that she never actually had a conversation, or even exchanged pleasantries. She looked down at her now cold tea, and thought about every single thing that could go wrong if she housed him. She looked back towards her father and uncle. Her father recently having been reinstated into the Aurors once again, looked at her with apprehension is his usually playful blue eyes. Her uncles brilliant emerald green eyes hopeful, and guarded. Sighing in defeat she rolled her eyes and stood up. Pacing around her sitting room, she contemplated about the absurd situation. She , awkward, shy, bookworm Rose Weasley, was supposed to house and accept him . Him, and his pompous I'm better than you attitude. Please. This wasn't going to work out. But, she couldn't deny her Uncle and father, when they looked at her like that! "Fine! I'll do it. But, don't expect me to keep his stupid arse safe. I have my own job to do, I can't be here and babysit him all bloody day. So if he chooses to leave my home, and gets his bloody arse killed off…." She said exasperated, throwing her hands up in the air in defeat. The feel of the soft, warm rug no longer comforting on her feet. She heard both males breath of relief, before she faced them placing her hands on her waist, eyes narrowed. "Thank you Rose. Ill talk to Abercrombie and let him know of the situation. I'm sure he'll be alright with you taking some time off. Merlin knows we need to keep all of you children safe." Responded her uncle Harry, sounding defeated. Right, she has forgotten about the group of psycho idiots she and most other Hit Wizards, and Aurors had been chasing for the better part of six months. Not much was known about the group, except that they had attacked the Malfoy family, and also most of the other old Death Eaters but now, they had started to target the "Golden Children". "Uncle Harry, how-how is Lily?" She whispered, avoiding looking into her uncles sadden face. "She's ok. The curse only caused her too loose mobility in one arm. But, other than that…" He trailed off. Rose knew how he was feeling. It was her fault. She was the closest to Lily, and she couldn't stop the curse from hitting her. If she had been paying more attention. "It's not your fault Rosie. You kept her from being killed and you risked your life to get her out of there alive. And I thank you. That's the reason why I sent you over to the Hit Wizard department. You showed true courage in the face of danger. Like a true Gryffindor." He added slyly, green eyes twinkling. Rose rolled her eyes and smiled a tight smile. "I still bleed green and silver. Don't forget that uncle Harry." She replied. "Rosie. I'm not ok with this arrangement, but Harry is right." Her dad spoke for the first time. "The Malfoy boy will be better of here, in the middle of who knows where. It's the only safe place we can think of." He placed his arms around his daughter, wondering where had time gone. She was all grown up now. "Right. Now that we have settled this, we are going to remove him from Grimmauld Place and bring him here. We will see you in a few hours Rosie." Her father let her go, and placed a kiss on her forehead. Ruffling her hair. "I miss your red hair." He simply said. "Me too daddy. But, I can't have anyone connect me to you or the family. It could be dangerous. Will everyone else be moved too?" She asked her Uncle. "Yes. Victorie, her children, and Dom. Are all heading out to France. Teddy is staying here to help. Roxy, Fred, Lucy, and Molly, are heading to Romania with Charlie. Hugo, Lily, James, and Albus will be going to Grimmauld Place, until we can find a more suitable place to send them too. And the older Weasley's decided they didn't need to hide away or protection. But, we are all still at the Burrow and my home." Right. Well then. Guess she should feel lucky she wasn't included. "Louis is not leaving?" She had noted he forgot to mention Louis. "He's staying. He is the best Hit Wizard in the whole department, plus he will be your link to us." She nodded. Of course he was. "We will be back later Rosie. See you in a few hours ok." She hugged her father and uncle goodbye, and showed them to the door. She watched as they walked towards the cliffs over looking the ocean, before going behind a large rock and disappearing. Bloody hell, what did she just get herself into? Was she seriously going to do this? After all these years of not seeing him, or knowing about him, he was coming back into her life just like that. She shook her head, and made up her mind to not let him get to her again. She moved back into her cottage, and set herself to clean and make the guest room, more guest like. All the while, hoping things don't end the same way as they did years ago. Scorpius Malfoy passed around his room. He was tired, sore and anxious. He didn't know if his parents had made it out alive or not. And that was driving him absolutely mental. His pacing stopped when he heard the the click on the doorknob. Bracing himself he reached for his wand Standing in a defensive position. He didn't care if this was Harry Bloody Potters home, he didn't know if he could trust anyone right now. The door swung open and two men walked in. One with untidy black hair, and the other with short red hair. Both men, Even though they were pretty advanced in age, still looked like they could easily plummet him to the ground with one punch. He slowly lowered his wand, and stared at them. It was like a stand-off. They all looked at one another, and nobody spoke for a few minutes. Finally Harry cleared his throat and moved to sit on the bed.. "Mr. Malfoy, we have found a place for you to be moved too. You cannot stay here. It's too dangerous, they are still looking for you, and if you stay in London they might find you." Scorpius looked at both men.. "Where are my parents?" He asked. He felt so defeated, and powerless. "They are fine. We have personally seen to it, that they arrived safely in Italy, with your aunt and uncle. We placed enough wards and protection spells around the property for them to be safe. They also transfigured their looks so they are not easily recognised." Responded Harry. He looked a lot older than he was. This was taking a huge toll on him. "Why wasn't I allowed to go with them?" Scorpius asked, running a hand through his short blonde hair in frustration. This time the second man stepped forward and looked at Scorpius straight in the eyes. Scorpius felt like his very soul was being searched. It made him feel uncomfortable. "Your father agreed that if anything was to happen to them, you would live. He didn't want the Malfoy name to die with you, so he entrusted us with your safety. We have found you a much safer place to go too until we find whoever is responsible for all of the attacks." His voice was deadly serious. Scorpius looked down at his shoes. Of course his father would worry about something as stupid as keeping the Malfoy name alive. It didn't matter to him, that Scorpius' life had been completely uprooted and destroyed. His Quidditch career was going to suffer, and why? Because some idiots wanted to kill him and his bloody family. It wasn't his fault his grandfather had been a complete bloody fucken idiot and followed Voldemort. Or that he roped his father into it as well. Why did he have to pay for other people's mistakes. Hadn't he done that enough? "We can go once you are ready. We had Teddy go by your flat and pick up your clothes for you. Everything is down stairs. Anything else you might need, you will have to ask us for. Understood?" He nodded at both men, and followed them out the door. As he descended the stairs, he could help but notice his surroundings. He had never even heard of Grimmauld Place. Granted he had never interacted with the Weasley/Potters in Hogwarts. Ok that was a lie, he knew the female Weasley's very well, especially Dominique and Roxanne. And most recently Lily Potter and Lucy Weasley. He couldn't help but notice the way this place felt more like a home, than Malfoy Manor ever did. The warm colours and paintings, Even though the home has been remodelled, he could still feel the darkness surrounding the place much like the Manor. They finally reached the bottom of the stairs, and he found himself in the kitchen surrounded by Weasley's and Potter's. "Right. Louis your coming with us. Teddy you are staying at Scorpius old flat. Make sure you monitor every single thing you see, and respond to us at night. Alright, let's head out" Scorpius was a bit taken back by how fast people acted once Harry Potter gave an order. Louis, the blonde block walked over to them, smirking. And Teddy, who he knew since he left Hogwarts, morphed his features to look identical to Himself. He was a bit taken back, it was weird to see himself in someone else's body. He watched as Teddy sauntered out of the kitchen and towards the fireplace. "Wait! Don't mess with anything in my flat Lupin!" He yelled as he watched Teddy floo out. Merlin, he hoped his flat wasn't destroyed by the time he got back, whenever that was anyway. "Relax Malfoy. Ted is a professional." Murmured Louis. He vaguely remembered Louis Weasley. He knew they had been in the same house, although louis had been a year older. He still looked the same as he did six years ago, when he first saw him. Must be the Veela genes. Bloody lucky bastard, Scorpius sighed. "Right lets go. We need to Apparate long distance so brace yourself Malfoy. " spoke Mr. Weasley as he kissed his wife goodbye. They spoke briefly before he took the basket from her hands. And hugging is son. He saw Harry do the same. Kissed his wife and hugged his children, he noticed Lily was missing. But didn't ask why. He also took a larger basket from his wife's hands, and waved goodbye to the rest of the clan. Louis looked uncomfortable as he waved to his mother and father. He heard Louis mother yell at him in French, but he didn't catch his response. He held onto Mr. Potter's arm and Apparated away. He was instantly met with the smell of the ocean. He opened his eyes to the most magnificent view he had ever seen. It was