Author's Note: This fic is dedicated to Jessa, AKA misshoneywell, whose stories brought me into the fandom in the first place. Thanks. Huge thanks, love, hugs and multiple orgasms to my betas, MeggieMellark, for putting up me with and walking me through the writing process, and SwishyWillow, for convincing me that this was good enough to post and keeping me going with Bruno Mars jokes. I love you both. Disclaimer: Suzanne Collins owns The Hunger Games and its characters. I own sparkly red nipple tassels. He should be disgusted with himself. He should feel ashamed and repulsed by his actions. He should stop. But he won't. By this point, he doesn't even think he can . It's her fault, he thinks. He can't help it that she smells so delectable. That her scent, so sweet and musky, so delightfully feminine and her drives him to such extremes. It's enough to drive him insane. He slips his hand into his pocket for the fourth time in five minutes as he walks, his fingers closing over the soft cotton knickers and immediately his thumb seeks out the crotch, still damp and slick with her desire. His dick throbs eagerly in response. Not long now. "Peeta!" a familiar and cheerful voice calls to him and he almost doesn't stop. Almost. "Peeta, wait up!" Delly pants as she reaches him, linking her arm through his as she matches his pace. "You were walking so fast, I didn't think I'd catch you. What's the big rush?" Peeta slows to a more suitable pace even though it pains him to do so and tilts his head to look at her as he removes hand from his pocket, taking note of the light flush in her cheeks and her wild wind-blown hair. His mind skips back to Katniss, remembering how her cheeks flushed the same dusky pink and her mouth, swollen and full from his kisses, dropped open as she gasped through her orgasm, her walls clenching around his fingers not fifteen minutes ago. The memory sends a jolt through his body and straight to his needy dick, now straining against the fly of his pants. Delly snaps her fingers in front of his face to get his attention, bringing Peeta back to himself and he realizes that he has been silent for more than a few minutes. "Sorry," he says with a sheepish grin. "I'm heading back home now. I think I might paint for a little while." Delly's brow furrows in confusion and she lets out a bemused chuckle. "But, why? I just saw you, heading out towards the Seam with Katniss only a few moments ago. Is everything okay, Peeta?" Although misplaced, her concern for him is sweet and it makes him smile. Delly is, and always has been, one of the nicest people he has ever known. At one point, he thought they could become something more and he's pretty sure that Delly had similar thoughts, but that quickly passed when he failed to even think about her that way. She's more like a sister to him and they're both comfortable that way. Peeta shrugs and grins at her reassuringly. "Everything's fine, really. I just walked with Katniss to see Gale." At this, Delly nods. Katniss has made it clear of her eagerness to be in the woods, to go hunting, for a couple of weeks now, and now that the weather has finally improved and spring is on its way, it's only natural that she continue has she always has. With Gale, of course. It isn't necessarily a lie, either. He did indeed walk with Katniss to the Seam and onward until they reached her usual exit point. She would be meeting Gale after she entered the forest at their usual spot. He accompanied her to the fence in deep thought, his jealousy slowly surfacing. With the knowledge that, for a few hours at least Gale would essentially have his girl, an irrational, caveman need to mark her and to claim her as his over took him. His parting kiss to her had been possessive and rough, and Katniss has mewled in the most beautiful way when he forced her against a tree and ground his hips into her. Needless to say, Katniss had been late meeting Gale, and the panties in Peeta's front pocket seem to burn through the fabric of his jeans. The urgency to get home becomes more immanent than before. "Oh! There's Jessa! I've got to run Peeta, but if there is ever something wrong, you know where to find me," Delly says with a gentle smile before trotting off towards Jessa Davis, a girl a few years ahead of them in school that used to visit the bakery often and sit in the corner with a small, leather bound book. He remembers vaguely that she liked to write and wonders for a brief moment if that's what she always did on her visits before he shakes his head and picks up his pace. Not far now. If he thinks about it, he and Katniss have come a long way since their return to Twelve. They were inseparable for a few days, sharing gentle caresses, tender looks and kisses freely. Yet, as soon as the cameras disappeared and the reporters from the Capitol left the district, having had their fill of the Star Crossed Lovers, she instantly distanced herself from him and avoided him at all costs. He knew it was coming. But that didn't stop it from hurting any less. For weeks, he forced himself through the motions. Still on a baker's schedule, he rose before the sun and took a light jog. It was difficult with his prosthetic, but he had become accustomed to the feeling of physical exertion and reveled in the peace that it brought, running through the empty streets of the district. When he returned he would prepare and bake breads, buns and desserts, whatever took his fancy, then he would take it into the town to the bakery before it opened for business to give to his father, or he would take it to the Hob to give to Sae, who would then sell it on to the folks from the Seam at a price to suit. His afternoons consisted of painting. He painted the Village, the Town and the Seam. He painted the new-found joy on people's faces now that they were reaping the rewards of having not one, but two victors. He painted the games, the horrors and the bloodshed. Things that haunted his dreams and woke him, sweating and terrified in the night. Mutts, a swarm of genetically engineered wasps, children being forced to kill one another. Children dying. But mostly, he painted Katniss. He was putting some finishing touches on his latest painting late one night, ensuring that it was ready for the Victory Tour that was due in just a few months, when he heard the sound of light footsteps coming down in the hall. He set aside his paint brush and stood, walking to the door and opening it as quietly as he could. Katniss stood before him in her usual sleep shorts and vest top, her hair a wild mess, escaping out of her braid. He tried not to take note of the way her nipples strained against the fabric of her clothes, peaks high and perky. "Katniss?" A weak, cautious smile turned her lips up at the corner as she glanced down at her bare feet before she cleared her throat and returned her eyes to him, her brows furrowed slightly, her bottom lip caught between her teeth. "I couldn't sleep." Her voice was husky. "Or I could, just not well." She admitted. Confused, Peeta took a step forward. "Okay…" he ventured and lifted a hand to her arm, smoothing it down her soft skin. So warm. "I had a nightmare. I was wondering if I could stay here. With you. To sleep, I mean." Peeta starts at this. And although he finds it difficult to think of Katniss in any sort of negative way, he can't seem stem the flow of annoyance that surges through him at her request. It shocks him, the anger that she has sparked in him. It's been weeks since she's spoken to him, or even looked at him at all, and now she has the audacity to come into his home and ask this of him? His arms tingle and his body hums in anticipation at the thought, wanting nothing more than to hold her close and fall asleep with her safe in his arms tonight. But the colliding feelings cancel each other out, his emotions going haywire. He's furious. He's irritated. And, though he's loath to admit it out loud, and especially not to her… he's hurt. "Why?" He asks incredulously. Katniss startles and he can see her blush even in the dim light. "What do you mean?" Her voice is quiet. "Why?" He repeats, this time with an edge to his voice. "Why now, after you haven't spoken to me in two months?" He doesn't want to be mad. He doesn't want to be mad at her . But she's got to know that this isn't right. That this isn't fair on him. He can feel his heart pumping fast in his chest. His palms start sweating and he wills himself to calm down. He breathes deeply, in and out. Katniss, at least, has the decency to look embarrassed. Her teeth worry her at bottom lip and he watches as her hands reach up to play with the end of her braid nervously. He's never seen her look nervous before and it makes him almost regret his sharp tone. Almost. She fidgets like this for a moment or two before she brings her hands down, clasping them together. "I'm sorry, Peeta. I truly am. But you don't know… you can't understand how it's been for me. I don't understand what I'm feeling and I just… I just-" "You just what, Katniss?" Peeta snaps, "No. I don't know how it's been for you. I'll give you that. But what about me? What about how it's been for me? We were both in the games, you know. You're not the only one feeling this way. You're not alone in this." He's breathing heavily now, and although he hates himself for the look of hurt that flashes across her face, she needs to know this. Because he's hurt, too, damn it. "You're not the only one that wakes up at night screaming because in your dreams, you're still there. Only in my dreams, you're still stuck there, too." Angry water stings the back of his eyes and he blinks rapidly to clear them before it escapes. Katniss looks dumbstruck, and for a moment he thinks she's going to cry, too, but then her features contort and a sneer distorts her plump, full lips into something cruel and feral. Her hands clench to fists at her side as she spins on her heel and starts down the hall towards the stairs. Before she reaches the end she turns back and walks towards him with such fury in her eyes that he flinches. "How dare you?" Her voice is low, but the menace in it chills him. "How fucking dare you, Peeta Mellark?! "How could you think for one second that I would avoid you because of… of that! I came here because I knew that you were the only one that would understand. That you were the only one that could! There's not one day that goes by that I don't think of you and how you suffered through that hell with me! And there's certainly not a moment that goes by that I don't wish that I could have done something to save you from that. That I could have spared you that pain. But it happened and there's nothing I can do about it." Her voice echoes off