A/N: I wrote this entry for the Meet the Mate contest last month and am pleasantly surprised to say I won in a category! A few things I want to note: 1) If anyone is a reader of Rising Dream, Fallen Star - do not worry! I do not plan to start a new story before finishing that one. 2) I'm still on the fence if this will be a one-shot or if I will continue it. So you'll have to follow the story to see if/when I do. Thank you to my amazing beta, Hadley Hemingway , who really helped me with this story when it came to technicalities and making sure I could have a sense oh humor - yet sensitive to issues as well. Crazy Love Summary: Struggling to deal with her parents' divorce, Bella meets a confidant in the most unlikely of places. Tick. Tick. Tick. The clock's red second hand moved much slower than I thought permitted by the laws of physics. Speaking of physics, I should have been watching the clock in Mr. Mooney's class right then. Instead, I was stuck staring at the awful grey-green walls and barred-up windows, counting down the seconds. I looked down accusingly at the bandage wrapped around my left forearm, like everything was its fault. Well, it kind of was. The metal door swung open. A tall, lean man with blonde hair and black-rimmed glasses walked towards the desk in front of me. He was leafing through a manila folder by licking his thumb to turn the pages. Gross. Wasn't this guy supposed to be a doctor? "Isabella Swan, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Dr. Cullen." He extended the same hand he had just used as his page-turner. I stared at him in disbelief. I don't think so, buddy. After holding out his arm for much awkwardly longer than necessary, he withdrew it and sat behind the desk. "Do you know why you're here, Isabella?" "My parents are overreacting and transferring their problems onto me?" I snapped. "Interesting theory. Why do you think that?" Dr. Cullen leaned back in his chair and took off his glasses, placing one end of the frame in his mouth. Was there anything in this office that wasn't covered in this man's germs? "They're getting a divorce. I'm seventeen, so that means it's the end of the world, right? They're worried I think they're going to stop loving me… or this was somehow my fault… and all the other bullshit that comes along when a family is torn apart." "So, you're not upset about their divorce?" My aloof demeanor faltered. Dr. Cullen narrowed his eyes, immediately picking up on it. "I mean... yeah," I stuttered. "I've been shocked, sad, angry… I'd say I'm halfway through the seven stages." Dr. Cullen pointed to the bandage around my arm. "Your parents are worried you're cutting yourself." I rolled my eyes, knowing the absurd accusations already. "I was carving a pumpkin and the knife slipped. I wasn't trying to kill myself. I'm not trying to release any pent-up pain. I just wanted to make a fucking jack o'lantern." It was just my luck that my mother happened to walk into the kitchen right as I was rinsing the blood off in the sink. A normal person would have asked if I was alright. A normal mother would have helped bandage her daughter. Not called 911 for a suicide attempt. I looked down at my arm. The cut wasn't even near my wrist. It didn't even need stitches. He rummaged through some papers on his desk, not responding to my outburst. "It says in your medical history that you've seen a psychiatrist in the past?" I gritted my teeth, not wanting to discuss the events of the previous year. "I caught my father cheating, and like a good daughter, I told my mom. Dad convinced Mom I was delusional, and I was rewarded by my mom believing him. As you can see, from their recent breakup… I wasn't seeing things." "It says you were prescribed Clozapine?" "I was." "Are you still taking it?" "I never took it!" I spat. "I'm not crazy." "Unfortunately, Isabella, you've been placed on a 5150 – do you know what that means?" Of course I knew what that meant. Did I look like Amanda Bynes? "You are mandated by law to remain in this facility for the next seventy-two hours. You appear calm and lucid, so I don't see the need for medication at this time. We'll meet over the next few days so I can continue to assess you. At the end of the seventy-two hours, I'll make the call about your discharge. As of now, I can say that I think it would be extremely beneficial for you and your parents to start family counseling." "Good luck with that," I huffed. The two couldn't even see a counselor to try and save their marriage. Yet, they had no problem throwing me in a psych hospital for a few days. "With everything going on at home, take this opportunity to decompress and get a clear perspective," Dr. Cullen said. "Think of it as a mini-vacation." I snorted. Did his patients actually believe this shit? Well… they were crazy. I glanced at his desk; everything was neatly organized in a color-coded system. The only personal touch to his entire office was a small picture frame of him with his family. "Is that your wife and kids?" He followed my eyeline and picked up the frame. "It is." His family was like a Sears catalog. His wife stood as the picture-perfect matriarch, blonde hair blowing in the wind. His sons all towered over their mother, but looked to be fairly close in age. All three were gorgeous. Forget Sears, those guys were definitely Abercrombie material. "Do your sons model?" Dr. Cullen chuckled. "No." "What are their names?" He paused and looked as if he was debating whether to divulge the information. "I'm not asking for your social security number!" I teased. "I just figured it'd be easier to open up to someone if I knew something about them." "Fair enough," Dr. Cullen said. "This is Jasper, Emmett, and Edward." "Were you guys at the Grand Canyon?" I asked, referring to the background scenery in the photograph. "Yes." "We went to the Grand Canyon when I was ten," I shared. "It took a whole day to drive there; we pitched the tents, and then my parents screamed at each other all night long. By morning, Dad packed up the car and we drove home. That's what I think of when you call this a 'mini-vacation,' Dr. Cullen." He pursed his lips together, and his eyebrows creased down into a V. Picking up a pen, he pulled the cap off with his teeth, and wrote a few more notes in my file. I leaned towards the hand sanitizer on the edge of his desk and pumped it a few times. "Let's consider this a break from your parents then," he offered. He pushed a button on his phone, and an orderly entered his office to lead me to my room. As we walked down the hall, the orderly barked out a long list of rules to adhere to during my stay at Casa De Loco. One pillow. No towels. No shoelaces. No jewelry, razors, or other personal items. Breakfast is promptly at 7am. Sleep meds are given directly at 9pm. She opened the door to the small, dark dormitory. Two beds and a desk lined the perimeter. Aside from that, the entire room was blank. The concrete walls were painted grey. Bars lined the window, reminding me that this really wasn't a "break." It was a prison. A small girl with a pixie haircut sat on the corner of her bed. She appeared to be around my age, maybe slightly younger. She looked up at me with wide eyes and smiled broadly. "Hi! I'm Alice!" I nodded at her. "Bella." "Bella, Bella, Bella," Alice let my name roll off her tongue. "Nice to meet you! I was wondering when I'd get some company." "Yeah? How long have you been here?" "Almost two weeks." I swallowed the lump in my throat. "Well, don't get used to me. I'm out in three days." "Perfect amount of time." I watched her in confusion. Alice stood up and walked over to the desk, flicking on the lamp. On. Off. On. She shook her head and did it again. On. Off. On. She frowned. On. Off. On. A smile spread across her face, and she left the lamp alone. She pulled out a drawer, and I watched her do the same open and close routine three more times. When she was finally done, she pulled out a notebook and handed it to me. "Here, you'll need this for group. It starts in 10 minutes." "Lemme guess… You like the number three?" Alice grinned and went back to her bed. "Among other things." "So what's there to do around here, besides share your feelings?" "Well, there's the rec room. They have games and books. Today they're showing a movie." "Girl Interrupted?" Alice gave me a blank look. "No. The Princess Diaries." I sighed. This place would drive me mad. 47 Hours. The countdown continued. Forty-seven hours until I could step out those front doors and prove my parents wrong. I had already been through two group sessions, one individual therapy session with Dr. Cullen, and a two-hour long pre-teen movie. I was getting edgy. Currently, I was sitting on a stone bench in the enclosed courtyard. It was a bit chilly; an autumn breeze swirled the leaves around me. I pulled my cable knit sweater tighter and let my gaze follow the trail leading to the gated staff parking lot. I wondered if there was a secret exit to escape. I imagined doing some amazing gymnastics flip, that only Buffy the Vampire Slayer could manage, and hurtling myself over the fence. But I wanted to stay. Once these forty-seven hours were over, Dr. Cullen would give me a clean bill of health. I would take that certificate to the nearest lawyer and ask for emancipation from my parents. It's not that I didn't love my parents… but I sure as hell couldn't live with them anymore. Once the fight regarding my sanity was over, then the custody battle would start. I just couldn't deal with it anymore. I had already made a game plan late in bed last night, while Alice turned the lights on and off until it felt perfect. There was no way I could return to school. I'm sure this had already ruined me. I could just imagine the gossip being shared throughout the hallways about Bella Swan's breakdown. I would ask a judge to let me spend the remaining months of my senior year with my aunt in Chicago, and by next year, I could start college at Northwestern University. I turned my focus back to the sketchpad and charcoal sitting in my lap. I had drawn the outline of a woman with her hands on her hips, a mask around her eyes, and a billowing cape behind her. I imagined this brave woman as my alter ego; she was strong enough to survive anything. I added a cursive B to the front of her chest in a wispy movement. "What's the B stand for?" I looked up to see a tall guy with light brown hair blocking the sun. He wore jeans and a Hollister v-neck tee, which fit snugly around his toned arms and chest. His eyes were hidden by a pair of black Ray-Bans, and he held a lopsided smirk. I hadn't seen him around the facility yet, but he seemed too confident to be one of the patients here. Maybe he was a sociopath? I looked back down at my sketch. "Bitch." "Badass." "Are you calling her a badass, or are