Little did Hermione know that today would not be like all others. Yes, she woke up promptly at six in the morning like most days. She pulled on her Unspeakable robes-like most days. She even said goodbye to Crookshanks before throwing floo powder into the fire and stepping in. All in all, a perfectly normal start to a perfectly normal day. She could use normality, however. After spending her teenage years on the run and helping take down the darkest wizard of all time, Hermione thought she was quite right in deserving a normal life. She'd been enjoying one for over ten years. It was a pity that would change. — Hermione stepped out of the floo and brushed ash off her robes. The ministry was already crowded with witches and wizards rushing to and fro. Soon, Hermione joined them. A woman called out to her in greeting. A young man stared in awe as she passed. Hermione paid no mind as she made her way to the lift. When one was a part of the Golden Trio, staring came with the territory. "Department of Mysteries, if you please, Charles," Hermione said to the older gentleman manning the lift. "Of course, miss." "Charles," Hermione replied with a laugh, "I've told you to call me Hermione." "Yes, yes. Of course, miss." Charles gave a wizened smile, "It's a shame that I keep ignoring you." "You're terrible," Hermione admonished as the lift rushed through the ministry before abruptly stopping. When the gate opened, a few people made their way in, including a lanky man with a mop of ginger hair. When he saw Hermione, he beamed and moved toward her. "Now, Hermione, isn't today your day off?" "Now, Ronald, aren't you supposed to be with a heavily pregnant wife?" Hermione said, mimicking Ron's voice, laughing as his ears turned red. "That was until Daphne told me to stop babying her. I apparently didn't listen and she forced me to head to work at wand point. Bloody mental that one is." "It'll only get worse once the baby arrives, you know." "Once little Verga arrives this will all be over. Did you know she's been making me run out to get Fortescue's every night for the past week?" Ron said incredulous, clearly expecting Hermione to be on his side. "What a struggle," Hermione rolled her eyes at him. "Have your mum come over and help Daphne." "She's part of the problem! Nightmares, the lot of them. I don't know how Harry did it, popping out kid after kid." Just as Ron finished speaking, the lift slammed to a halt and the doors opened. "Those are your nephews and niece you're talking about, and technically it was Ginny doing the popping. Now, if you excuse me, I have very important work," Hermione said as she delicately stepped out, wishing Charles a good day. "You still haven't told me why you're even here in the first place!" Ron called from the lift, causing Hermione to give a small chuckle. Hermione's shoes clicked down the hallway as she approached the door to the Department of Mysteries. Blue light glinted off her bushy hair and the ominous feeling she once felt when approaching the department had long since faded. Now, there was only excitement and curiosity. She pushed open the door to the round entrance chamber. As an Unspeakable, the area no longer tried to confuse her. She pushed through the door leading into the thought chamber. There, a man stood with a quick quotes quill and parchment floating beside him. On a small metal table in front of the man was a basin containing a brain. He turned and jumped when Hermione's shoe made a particularly loud click. "Oh, Ms. Granger, it's you," the man said with the slightest of accents. "Hello, Mr. LeBlanc. Is Professor Croaker in?" "Indeed he-No! Back!" LeBlanc prodded the brain in front of him, which had been slowly working its way off the table. "As I was saying, he's over in his office." "Thank you, Sir," Hermione said, holding back a laugh. "I'll leave you to your rogue brain." "Yes, and close the door on your way out!" Hermione left the room, pointedly shutting the door behind her. With the door firmly shut, Hermione faced the entrance chamber, mentally counted the doors, and opened the door for the Hall of Prophecies, holding back a shiver. Even though the rest of the department ceased to bother her, just the sight of this room made her uncomfortable. It had been fourteen years since the battle, but she still remembered the crash of prophecies and the ghostly echoes of their contents. She shook herself to regain composure and headed to the very back of the hall where a little office stood. Knocking on the door, she pushed it open after hearing Professor Croaker's quiet voice. Carefully stepping over various odds and ends, Hermione approached a rickety desk that bent from all the weight stacked on top. Sitting at the desk was Professor Croaker, an ancient, hunched-over man who still carried a youthful energy. It appeared he was twiddling with a time-turner. "Professor? You wanted to see me?" "Yes, yes. Sit down, Granger," Croaker said, never looking up from the contraption. "Is-is this about the time turner, Sir? I only ask because it's my area of study." "Oh, no. Wiggins just brought forth an interesting hypothesis about the composition of the device, and I'm trying to map it out." With that, Croaker turned to face Hermione. "The reason I've called you here today is due to you being one of our foremost experts on ancient runes. We recently acquired a text that needs translating. From what we've been able to understand, it involves the veil in the Death Chamber." "The-the Death Chamber? Sir, I'm currently assigned to time, before that, love. I'm not sure I'm qualified to work there." "Nonsense, Granger! You received an O on your N.E.W.T.S. and have already helped in the translating of several texts." "Will anyone else be working on it?" "Unfortunately, no. I've already distributed newer assignments to those available" "But Smith? He's been in charge of the Death Chamber for almost thirty years now." "He will merely monitor. I will deliver the text to you by owl tonight, and give you an opportunity to look over our current translations. Questions?" "No, sir. Thank you!" Hermione was gob smacked. The Death Chamber was one of the least researched areas of the Department of Mysteries. Unlocking the secrets of the veil? That would answer so many questions. Not only on the nature of death itself but the secrets of what lies beyond the tattered curtain. Hermione gave a start. Sirius… — The rest of the day passed by in a blur. Hermione went back to the time room, but she couldn't focus on her work. Her thoughts were too occupied by what Professor Croaker had said. Eventually, her shift ended. She packed up and said good-bye to other Unspeakables she passed and made her way out of the department. By the time she left, the rest of the ministry had already cleared out. Only a few random witches and wizards here and there walked about. The underground nature of the Ministry left her unaware of the precise time of day, but by the time she made it home, the sun was well set. Sighing with relief as she kicked off her shoes, Hermione waved her wand about her and caused her hair to pile atop her head. Continuing, she shrugged off her robes while making her way into the bedroom. Hermione pulled on a ratty vest and shorts before being greeted by an incessant tapping noise against the window. "I'm coming. I'm coming," Hermione said, sounding tired from the day. On the other side of the window, a beautiful barn owl flapped its wings. In its talons was a heavy package that could only contain the text Professor Croaker said he would send. Hermione let in the owl, who immediately dropped the package on her bed before flying over to the mini roost she had set up. Wrapped in yellowing parchment, the package seemed small and insignificant. Hermione carefully pulled apart the wrappings and uncovered a beautifully bound leather book. The cover was a faded emerald green with a Runespoor embossed on the front. Below, stood three runes. Hermione carefully read them. Raidho- travel, disruption, dislocation. Algiz- defence, warding off evil, guardian. Perthro- knowledge of one's destiny, knowledge of future matters, determining the future or your path. Hermione read the few pages of notes. The previous translator hypothesized the mysterious veil being more than just the separation between life and death. She flipped through the text until she found the illustration mentioned in the notes. The three runes from the cover were depicted as being engraved on the stone of the arch framing the veil. What could it possibly mean? Just as Hermione was about to grab her own parchment to begin taking notes, a curious noise sounded from the sitting room. She heard the sputter of her fire and the cough of a man whose lungs accidentally filled with ash. Rolling her eyes, Hermione made her way out to the fire and scoffed at the man whose face poked out. "Harry Potter, you are thirty years old and you still haven't learned to hold your breath with floo powder." "Nice to see you too, Hermione," Harry said with mock annoyance. "Mind me popping in? It'll only be a mo'" "Of course! Just let me clear the way." Hermione moved from in front of the fire and let Harry step out of the flames and into her sitting room. She watched him brush off his robes and fix his askew glasses. "Cuppa?" Hermione asked, moving over to the kitchen. "Ta! Make it a strong one!" "Poor auror being overworked?" "More like poor father being overworked! James won't stop bouncing off the walls and accidentally growing his hair back every time Gin gives him a hair cut. Well, he says it's an accident," Harry groaned, slamming down into a chair. "And Albus?" "He's the only one that seems to love me still. Lily is in her terrible twos and won't stop tearing up the place. She's also displaying some magic already," Harry frowned at that. Hermione returned from the kitchen with two steaming mugs. "Are you sure?" She asked. "Two is a bit early for magic." "Positive. She was over at the Burrow today and Molly sent me a patronus in a tizzy, saying that she couldn't find Lily anywhere," Harry said, accepting the proffered tea. "And where was she?" Hermione inquired, sitting down. "Floating above her poor gran's head! Nearly had a heart attack when I was told." Harry ran a hand through his unruly hair. "Enough about me. Tell me something completely unrelated to children and quidditch." "Ginny still abroad?" Hermione asked, sympathetic. "Talent scouting. Just hearing quaffle makes me miss her. She'll be back tomorrow thankfully." "Let me know if you need a helping hand, will you?" Hermione waited for Harry to nod in agreement before continuing, "and I do have some news actually. I've been assigned a new project." "What on?" "…The Death Chamber," Hermione saw Harry stiffen. "More specifically the veil." "Hermione…" Harry trailed off. "Oh, I know! It's ever so exciting but at the same time…" Hermione paused. "Harry, what if I found a way to…you know…bring him back? Harry audibly swallowed before nervously chugging his tea. "I would check everything to make sure! I just can't shake the feeling that there's something I could do," Hermione continued, starting to ramble. "Hermione," Harry put down his cup and place a sympathetic hand on Hermione's knee, "I would love more than anything to have Sirius back, but what if he isn't the same? Death magic is incredibly dark stuff. What if he comes back…incomplete?" "Like an inferius? I would double and triple check all the translations before