AN: Song for the chapter: So Cold by Ben Cocks (Please listen to it.) Zara POV: Depression. It was a word used too lightly when discussed or addressed by a victim of it or a physician. I suffered with depression all my life or at least most of my life. My parents passed away when I was only twelve years old. They were both shot to death by two armed unidentified robbers. For a long time, I wondered what would possess someone to break into my home and kill my parents or kill anyone for that matter. My parents were not perfect, but they were still honorable people. My mother was a nurse's assistant while my father was a well-known, charismatic police officer, yet they died on the worst day of the year. They were murdered on my twelfth birthday while my older sister and I were out celebrating at a local restaurant. I always believed that the day of my parent's death was symbolic, and I had ran through the idea of their deaths being orchestrated or plotted out somehow. I obsessed over the idea so much it caused me an immense amount of anxiety. I barely slept or ate. I could just sit alone in my room all day and wallow in my misery or continue to obsess over my negative thoughts about my parent's death and dreary life. Some of that changed a year ago, when my older sister Alma convinced me that it was not healthy for me to stay sitting in my room all day staring into space, she claimed that it would be wise for me to go out and do something productive. Alma believed that I should move past our parent's death, and that they would not want me to carry on feeling depressed or stressed out. I thought my sister Alma was being selfish because she didn't understand what real guilt or remorse felt like. Alma was nine years older than me, so she was thirty years old while I was twenty one. After our parents died, Alma got a job as a waitress at a rundown diner and finished nursing school. When Alma graduated from nursing school, she started working as a nurse at the VA medical center where she met her fiancé Zen Moon, a renowned medical student studying to be a medicine doctor. Zen cared for each and every one of his patients just like Alma, and somehow they worked together perfectly even if their relationship was sickening. Zen recently moved into our three bedroom apartment since him and Alma's wedding was approaching in a couple of months. Several months ago, Alma had mentioned moving into an average sized house somewhere in a suburban area, and we she said it I knew that she meant her and Zen were moving. I knew her and Zen were tired of me depending on them for everything, and taking up all of their time with my mental problems. I was a bother to both of them, and Zen constantly worried about me and my mental status. Every day I had trouble getting out of bed in the morning even though my body refused to fall asleep. I think they both feared that one day I would just give up. Until then, I tried to accept Alma's advice and be as productive as possible. Since Zen and Alma were always at school or the hospital, I cleaned that apartment five times a week. Then I worked as a waitress for an elite restaurant called The Capitol. I worked at the restaurant for a year, and I hated every second working at the place. There was always a flood of customers that were needy and demanding. The customers were always rich models, lawyers, or business men that looked down upon me because I was not from the Upper East Side. They treated me as if I was inferior to them just like my coworkers. My coworkers always teased me or insulted my unique work ethic, and I could not go and day without being judged by someone. The treatment I received eventually annoyed me, and it only caused my anxiety and depression to worsen. I received advice from Zen to hold my head up high and try to remain positive even though I constantly faced adversity. His advice was not necessary because Zen did not understand that no matter how much I was taunted by others stupidity I was not going to break just because of their judgmental behavior. I tied my long, silky dark brown hair into a side ponytail, moisturized my dry plain oval shaped face, and dressed in my work uniform. My work uniform consisted of a tight fitted black skirt that fell just above my knees, a white quarter length sleeved button down blouse with a bow tie, and a pair of plain black flats. After I was done dressing, I grabbed my small purse, turned out the lights, and exited the hardwood floored, three bedroom basic apartment. The apartment I lived in seemed like a completely different world to most of the destitute side of Brooklyn, New York. The crime rate was extremely high. There were people on every street corner begging for money or food. I would have given into their needs, but I knew that their pleas were only a staged act in order to get money for drugs. That was what I saw everyday drug dealers, drug addicts, homeless children and adults, hustlers, thieves, and car robbers. No one in my neighborhood could be trusted, but the criminals always left me alone since I did not have a social life, and I guess I appeared to be intimidating. I walked all the way to a nearby subway in order to travel to Upper East Side Manhattan, New York to go to work. The distance between work and home were not ideal, but I decided that my check was satisfying enough for me to travel a moderate distance from home. When I arrived to Manhattan I walked out of the subway station and back onto the concrete city streets. I walked through the large crowd of fasting walking people on their tablets and cell phones seemingly not paying me any attention. That was one thing I could be grateful for living in the city was no one recognized anyone in particular on the street. Everyone just mind their own business, and the privacy was refreshing. I walked onto the 96th street towards the large restaurant building sitting at the very corner of the street. I noticed how full the parking lot was on the street and on the side of the cube shaped glass building and I knew that it was going to be a long day. I entered the restaurant through a door on the right side of the building that was labeled staff. Once I walked into the back of building I arrived inside of the large, immaculate kitchen. The kitchen had around twenty chef's preparing the food with the manger calling out orders for the waiter's to carry to their assigned customers. The manager name was Loni Eads, and she always found something to criticize me about. Apparently I could never do anything right or leave the customers happy, so she always threatened to cut my paycheck. I personally just believed that her French braid was too tight. She wore her dark brown hair in the same French braid that laid to the side, and I wondered could she ever change her hair. I would be bitter to if I was Loni. She was around two years younger than me, and I heard the only reason why she got position as manger was because she was friends with the owner. After she got through yelling out orders and bossing the chef's around Loni pointed her round violet eyes at me. "Where have you been?" Loni asked already interrogating me. "What do you mean where have I been, I just got here." I responded unamused by her unnecessary hatred for me. "Exactly. Do I need to buy you a watch so you can keep track of time or should I just fire you?" Loni snapped. "Do whatever you feel Loni. I really don't have to be here." I stated and I could practically feel Loni's blood boiling. "You have no right to address me that way. Know your place Fitin or you can forget about walking through those doors again. Are we clear?" Loni questioned. "Yeah sure, we're crystal clear." I said bored with our short bickering. "Good. Here is the waiting list of customer's you will be their waitress, and I expect a good report from them by the end of the night." Loni said handing me then list and walking away. She shot me a nasty glare before walking off, but I decided to ignore it and tend to my customer's. There ten people on the list so far, and I could feel my heart rate increase from anxiety. I was born with poor social skills and I had to talk to each one of the customer's like I was sane or normal. The first person on the list was a man named Zander Chronis, he was seated at the third table in the front of the restaurant by the window. I passed by the large glass fish aquarium that sat in the center of the restaurant, and it divided the front and the back of the square shaped building. There was an elevator of the right side of the restaurant that lead to the second floor of the two story restaurant. I was lucky enough to never have to travel back and forth from the second to the bottom floor since most of my customers were always on the first floor. "Hello, my name is Zara Fitin, and I will be your waitress today, how may I help you?" I said when I finally arrived to the young man's table. I took my notepad and pen out of my pencil skirt pocket, and I was prepared to write down his order. I saw that the young man was still deciding. I stood there waiting patiently to write down his order, and I tried my best to avoid eye contact. "Ok..," The young man replied looking away from his menu for the first time. His head seemed to be hidden or buried behind the menu. He made eye contact with me, and I looked away from my notepad for the first time. He stared into my dark brown small almond shaped eyes, and I noticed he had large and expressive amber eyes, long lashes, thick eye brows, unblemished peach colored skin, and an averaged size nose and lips. His hair was slick, thick, wavy, and chestnut blond. He wore a white quarter length sleeved button down, a black tie, and a pair tight fitted blank pants. I watched how his eyes never left my face, and his intense gaze made me feel uncomfortable. "What would you like to order?" I asked breaking the silence. "Oh, I would like a filet minion medium rare with a side of asparagus, but hold the balsamic vinaigrette glaze please." He said in a respectable way. I wrote down his order. "Sure thing, and what would you like to drink?" I asked looking away from my notepad. "A glass of red wine." He said and I didn't take him for a guy who like wine or for a guy that would sit down and have dinner alone at a table for two. Based on his youthful appearance and cartoon eyes, I could tell that he was the same age as me. "Alright, your food will be with you shortly." I said with a forced smile. I began to walk away until he grabbed my hand. "I'm sorry, what was your name?" He stated like he didn't remember what I had said only minutes ago. "My name is Zara