Title: Fortune's Might Pairing: SS/RL Disclaimer : Harry Potter and his world belong to JKR. Author's Note : I'll make it short. Thank you for taking the time to read this story. I'm always happy about attracting new readers, but I'm just as happy to welcome back those of you who have read some of my fanfic and perhaps even accompanied me on a very long Journey (I wonder if you'll be disappointed or pleased that my newest project after such a long hiatus isn't really new at all). This fanfic is a rewrite of my 2010 fic The Teacher , and an attempt to perfect my favourite project yet. If you were to compare them, or if you've already read The Teacher, you'll find that Fortune's Might differs greatly from the original, not only regarding the new title and my improved style (I hope). Personally, I am very happy with the result, I hope you'll agree and maybe even let me know what you think. There'll be weekly updates every Saturday unless otherwise indicated. And now please enjoy Fortune's Might . Then hate me when thou wilt; if ever, now; Now, while the world is bent my deeds to cross, Join with the spite of fortune, make me bow, And do not drop in for an after-loss: Ah! do not, when my heart hath 'scaped this sorrow, Come in the rearward of a conquered woe; Give not a windy night a rainy morrow, To linger out a purposed overthrow. If thou wilt leave me, do not leave me last, When other petty griefs have done their spite, But in the onset come: so shall I taste At first the very worst of fortune's might; And other strains of woe, which now seem woe, Compared with loss of thee, will not seem so. William Shakespeare, Sonnet 90 Lesson One: Fait Accompli Icy rain was falling. The coldness that spread over the grounds and up to Hogwarts Castle from the village of Hogsmeade was not of the natural kind that followed in dusk's wake when the warmth of the sun slowly departed, held only by stone, water, or grass. It was the breathing of the Dementors stationed outside the perimeter walls that spread this coldness, that sucked from the air not only the warmth of the summer's day, but also all the positive feelings that usually accompanied the many people streaming into the school on the first of September. Everybody in the castle and the village had different feelings about the Dementors, though it was certain that nobody was entirely pleased that they were there, some surely believed to be safer with them gliding about, searching for an escaped convict who was rumoured to be on his way to Hogwarts. To Professor Severus Snape they meant horrible memories resurfacing, bringing with them guilt, shame, and grief that had been buried in the darkest corners of his mind under the rather less unpleasant memories and thoughts of the past twelve years. It was dreadful how he suddenly remembered the faces of people whose lives he had seen being snuffed out, how he could recall the looks on their faces and the sickening feeling that had filled him when he had cast the Killing Curse for the first time. Severus Snape was a private man, he would not talk about those experiences to anyone, which, as the Headmaster had pointed out to him, probably made them so hard to bear. Albus Dumbledore did not need Severus to put into words what he felt when the Dementors drew near, he knew the horrors of Severus's past like no other and understood better than anyone why he wished them gone. Albus, too, harboured a deep loathing for the creatures, had seen things in his past that he did not want to return to him so clearly as they did with the Dementors outside the perimeter walls of Hogwarts Castle. But other than Severus, Albus could conceal the effect they had on him rather well. Severus, so Minerva McGonagall had said just this morning upon seeing him for the first time after the summer holidays, had turned even more unpleasant and vicious with the Dementors around, but she didn't blame him, for, she admitted, she herself was in rather a miserable mood. They would have to get used to it, wouldn't they? The silence in the dungeons seemed even more absolute than usual, the only sound to be heard were Severus's footsteps echoing off the stone walls as he walked swiftly up the stairs after having finished the final preparations for the new school year. He was colder than usual too, inside and out. The Entrance Hall seemed emptier, more desolate, and the corridors more deserted than usual. The year ahead of him felt even less promising than it usually did when Severus knew he would not teach Defence Against the Dark Arts, and he thought the annoyed frustration about the unknown new staff member and Albus's secrecy seemed even more pronounced and powerful than the anger and indignation at Lockhart's appointment a year ago. He knew those were illusions, but he could not push them away. The moment Severus entered the staff room, he saw that the other teachers felt the same way. Everybody wore miserable expressions, there was no laughter in the room, no cheery conversations after weeks and weeks of not having seen each other. Severus sat down in his favourite armchair by the fire, a little apart from the others as usual, and stared into the flames, his ears filled with the hushed voices of his colleagues as his mind drifted into the distance, fastening on more negative thoughts about the coming school year. Usually Severus looked forward to the start of term, for he could escape the desolate surroundings of Spinner's End and return to his much more comfortable rooms in the dungeons. This year though, Harry Potter and his fellow Gryffindors weren't the only factors that darkened this prospect. All summer, the papers had been full of a man whom Severus had hoped never to lay eyes on again. When Sirius Black had been arrested those twelve years ago, Severus had felt a grim satisfaction that his childhood tormentor had got what he deserved. But fate had never been kind to Severus. Somehow, as the first wizard ever to achieve it, Black had escaped from Azkaban, and was now on his way to Hogwarts to kill Harry Potter, or so rumour had it. But as angry as Black's face in the papers had made Severus throughout the summer, he also felt a vindictive anticipation when he thought about Black's target, Harry Potter, because Severus had once sworn to protect that boy and this time it would be his pleasure to stop Black and punish him, face to face, and prove to him who had the upper hand now. But what chance did he have to capture Black when there were Dementors all over the place? Surely Black would not even get close to the castle. The Dark Lord's right hand – ha! – all good and well, but Severus, who had been close to the Dark Lord, who had been in the inner circle, did not know magic that would help Black break through Dumbledore's protection. Severus sighed as McGonagall sat down beside him, giving him a stern look. Working with his former teachers was sometimes tiresome, for they treated him like a student, like a child at times, even though he was Head of House himself. McGonagall would always give him those looks that she usually gave misbehaving students. But he thought she respected him. It was mutual. Severus's respect was earned, not given, and she had earned it well. But he hated it when she gave him that look that clearly meant to say that he was going to be told something unpleasant. "Did the Headmaster tell you whom he has appointed Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher?" she asked and he shook his head slowly, quite tired of this topic. It was the twelfth year running now. Albus had refused him the post for the twelfth year running. "He said he had found somebody else when I asked him whether he would finally consider me for the position," said Severus quietly, "and he assured me that the new candidate would be far better suited than Lockhart." "To which you replied that that only meant that he was not a completely incapable fraud," said McGonagall with the shadow of a smile. Severus glanced at her and grew slightly suspicious. "You've talked about me?" he asked. McGonagall did not reply. "I hoped that Dumbledore had finally run out of dunderheads to appoint, but apparently he has found yet another sorry soul who's volunteering to meet a tragic fate at the end of the school year. Another incompetent fool, no doubt." McGonagall's lips thinned. "The Headmaster really didn't tell you who it is, then?" she asked and was unusually careful. Severus narrowed his eyes at her and shook his head again. "Well, you will find that he – oh, excuse me for a moment," she added and strode to the window. Severus turned his head towards it and saw an owl sitting outside, carrying a roll of parchment. McGonagall opened the window, letting in the rushing sound of the falling rain, and took the note. She unrolled it and walked unconsciously back to where Severus was sitting, shutting the window with a swish of her wand. A small smile flitted over her face before it was squashed by anger. "Ah, those horrible creatures," she muttered as she sat back down. "Thank God he was with the children." "What?" said Severus impatiently and she looked up, giving him another stern look. "The Dementors searched the school train and Potter fainted," she said shortly and Severus raised an eyebrow at her. "It was to be expected, I suppose. Fortunately, our new teacher is on the train, and he sent me this note." Again that mysterious smile conquered her lips for a moment. "His handwriting still is horrible." A reminiscent note lay in her voice as she slipped the piece of parchment into her pocket. "So he isn't a secret, is he?" asked Severus, now more interested than ever in the new Professor. "Albus only didn't want me to know who it is? Do tell me his name, then, Minerva, it must be somebody I know, else Dumbledore would not have bothered to keep it from me." When Severus had arrived at Hogwarts Castle a few hours ago, he had thought that it would be another one of those years, during which he had to watch another idiot fighting his way through the Defence job, teaching the students nothing at all and annoying Severus immensely, while everyone knew that they would only stay for one year. The Headmaster had long run out of competent volunteers for the position. Lockhart had been the last straw. But apparently Albus believed that there was another person whom Severus would loathe so powerfully that telling him their name before term started meant risking open rebellion and far more trouble than it was worth. But McGonagall did not yield the information. He saw her lips thinning as she got to her feet again. "The children are about to arrive, please excuse me, Severus, I need to inform Poppy so she can look after Potter when he arrives and I need to give Granger her Time-Turner," she said and started to walk away. "Wait a moment," said Severus suspiciously, "what did that new teacher do when Potter fainted?" McGonagall turned back to him and this time the smile stayed on her face. "He chased the Dementor away and handed out chocolate," she said simply and left the staff room. Severus scowled after her and tried to catch somebody else's eye but it seemed they had all been conditioned by Albus not to tell him anything. Maybe Albus thought he