Healing the Healers Sickness has come to Minas Tirith. Aragorn is doing what he can, but it is not just the sick of the city who need care, but their healers, too. This was written for the March 2015 Teitho challenge, on the theme of Sickness, where it placed first. At the time, I was too deeply embroiled in writing the epic that was The Shadow of War to get round to posting it anywhere. His first thought was that the king had fallen. The king was sitting by the fountain in the falling snow, and there was something slumped about him; something that Faramir had never thought to see in his king. His step faltered for a moment, and then he was striding across the courtyard, hurrying through the slush and the melting snow. "My lord?" His breath steamed in the cold air, barely visible against the leaden sky. The king did not look up until Faramir addressed him, and that in itself said too much. He looked deeply weary, but his eyes were lucid. Faramir felt his shoulder relax, and the muscles of his neck release their tension, just a little. "It was a long day," Aragorn said. "A long day spent inside in one sick room after another. I wished to enjoy the fresh air for a while." "Not very fresh," Faramir said, mustering a faint smile. The winter was unending: not one of cold, crisp, sunlit days, but one of grey skies and sleet and unrelenting cold. "No." Aragorn returned a smile of his own. He looked older than Faramir had ever seen him. "But it is enough." There were guards around the courtyard, of course, but they kept their distance. In the first few months, the king had forever been surrounded by guards and officials and anxious servitors. They had been so terrified that their king, so miraculously returned to them, would be snatched away again, that they had wanted to dog his every move. But in the end, Aragorn had made his will known, and they had granted him space. For the first time, Faramir wondered if this was a good idea. If the king had really been sitting wounded in the courtyard, would the guards have stayed at their posts, safely at the prescribed distance, and failed to take action? "You are cold," Faramir said, and Aragorn did not deny it, and neither did he do anything to stop Faramir from summoning a distant servitor and sending him for a glass of mulled wine, warm and sweet. After that, Faramir was content to wait. "It is worse," Aragorn said at last, into the long silence. He raised one hand, and watched as the snowflakes landed on it, melting as soon as they touched his skin. "This sickness is worse. I am doing all I can, but…" The mulled wine came. Faramir took it with a nod of thanks, and pressed it into the hands of his king. His fingertips touched Aragorn's, and he felt how cold they were. He saw, too, that the lines of Aragorn's hands were dyed faintly green from the juice of herbs. He caught the fleeting, aromatic scent of healing from his king's hands. "Thank you," Aragorn said, raising the glass to his mouth. The steam from the hot liquid was fierce, and snowflakes melted as they neared it. Faramir wished they could speak of happier things, but he was the Steward of Gondor, and this was his king. The needs of Gondor would always come first for them. "There were twenty dead today, or so say the reports." " Only twenty, some will say." Aragorn cupped the wine glass in both hands. "Most who suffer from this sickness survive. It is usually only the very old and very young, the very frail, who die. I do what I can. I cannot heal all ills. I cannot cure this, but I can ease it. If someone is far lost in fever, sometimes I can call them back." As you called me back, Faramir thought. Of course he did. "I have spent every day this week in the Houses of Healing," Aragorn said. "It is not enough." "I wish-" Faramir said, but it was a selfish thought. I wish I, too, was of the blood of Lúthien, and could play my part! But although he was of the blood of Númenor and had many of the gifts of those people, he had little skill with healing, beyond the skill that all warriors possessed, who cared for fallen comrades in the field. "It is not enough," said his king. Salabeth was too weary to move. When someone offered her a bowl of lukewarm stew, she took it, only to set it down on her lap, too exhausted even to raise the spoon. "I wish…" she said. "What?" said Laegon, slumping down beside her. Salabeth shook her head. "Nothing." She managed a single spoonful. It was the first thing she had eaten all day, and it should have tasted wonderful. Instead, it tasted like ashes. "Only two dead today," said Laegon. " Only two?" She rounded on him, suddenly furious, only to find that she was too weary for fury, as well. "That is two too many," she said quietly. "I know." Laegon pressed his hand to his brow, fingers kneading his temples. Only two. But the other hospitals in the other levels would each have their own twos and threes and fours. Even the Houses of Healing, so far up above them, would have its deaths. But the Houses of Healing could not house all the victims of this winter contagion. Many suffered in their own homes. Others came to the makeshift houses and hospitals which had been set up in the lower levels to treat the overlooked sick. Salabeth had no idea how many such places there were. All she knew was this one place. All she saw in her life now was the confines of these four walls. "Salabeth?" someone called. "We need you!" "Of course you do," she murmured, and found that she had the energy to stand, after all. Somewhere in the city, a bell was tolling. Another one dead, Faramir thought. He was wrapped in furs against the cold, as damp snow fell around them, melting as it touched their clothes. "The healers in the Houses of Healing labour ceaselessly," said his king, "but the Houses are not the only places of healing in the city." "No," Faramir agreed. As the days went by, they were increasingly on their own in the upper levels of Minas Tirith. Lords had left the unhealthiness of the city, and gone to their estates in the countryside. Few came to the king's audiences, and there were no festivals and banquets. Éowyn and Arwen were in Emyn Arnen, where the house of the stewards had been thrown open to the young and the frail of Minas Tirith, as many as could be accommodated there. Éowyn had not wanted to leave, or maybe she had not wanted him to leave her, but in the end, she had accepted the need for it. "The Houses of Healing have many chambers," Aragorn said, "and many healers. They have stores of herbs built up over many years, and whole rooms full of books of herblore and learning. The other houses have so very little, but the needs of the people within them are just as great." Faramir knew what was coming. Of course he did. He had come to know his king only too well over the ten years they had known each other. "And the Houses of Healing have you," he said. "Yes." Aragorn met his gaze. He knew that Faramir knew what he was planning, and he offered no apology for it. Faramir might have argued. He did not. Pressing her hands to the small of her back, Salabeth turned her face towards the sky. It was grey, with little light in it. She had no idea if it was the grey of evening or the grey of dawn. Or perhaps it was noon, and this was all the light that was left in the world. They had lost another one just hours before: an old woman, whose husband had passed away the previous evening, although the woman had been lost in fever then, and never learnt that she was widowed. Salabeth had been holding the woman's hand when it happened, but had not noticed her slipping away. It had taken Laegon to tell her, tapping her gently on the shoulder and helping her ease her hand away. What am I doing? she thought. Who was she to attempt this thing? She had some small skill with herbs, but until the last week, she had never plied them outside her own family. Would the woman have died if she had been tended by a proper healer? What if she-? "Salabeth." Laegon's voice dragged her out of her thoughts. Salabeth kneaded her weary brows, scraping the heel of her hand across her eyes to try to chase the sleep from them. "Yes," she said. "I'm coming." "No," Laegon said. "Someone else is coming. There's…" What? she thought, as she watched the party approach. There were only eight of them, and they were well wrapped in cloaks against the sleet, but she could tell by the way they were walking that they were not in need of help. Which is just as well, she thought, because we haven't got beds for them. A tall man led them. Some in the group had boxes and bags, while others… Well, just by the way they carried themselves, she thought that they were soldiers. They were shrouded, wrapped in their hoods, but she could see their eyes, glittering and alert. A lord and his party leaving the city, she thought. They had left in droves, running away to their mansions in countryside, because they could . But why would they come this way? They must be lost. She drew back into the doorway, standing where she could feel both the warm, stale air of the sickroom, and the cold damp of outside. But the party came nearer and nearer, stopping only when they were facing her. "We have come to help," said one of the shorter men, one of those carrying a box. "We have herbs, and men and women who know how to use them." He was speaking to Laegon, and not to her, but Salabeth was the one who answered. Who are you? she wanted to ask. Where do you come from? But because there were people inside who sorely needed healing, all she said was, "Good. Come inside, and get to work." The shorter man had done the talking, but the tall man entered first, stooping a little to pass under the low lintel. Even when he was inside, he did not remove his hood. Faramir had never seen the Citadel so empty, even in the dark days of the siege, when his father's grief and madness had made it a cold and cheerless place. Without lords to tend to, the servants were idle, and so the king had sent them to the Houses of Healing to fetch and carry, and to perform such tasks as could be done by those with no skill at healing. Faramir would have gone himself. He still wished to, but Aragorn had been adamant. The role of the steward was to rule in the absence of the king. When the king was rash enough, foolish enough, to venture into a hotbed of death and sickness, then his steward had to stay behind. He had to stay well. He had to wait here, alone in an empty hall, in case questions arose that needed instant answering. His footsteps echoed on the stone floor. The statues of ancient kings stared unseeingly down at him as he walked through the slanting shadows. " Foolish enough," he murmured out loud, echoing his earlier