A Stranger Far From Home A crime has been committed in Edoras. On the same night, a stranger arrives at Thengel's court, a dark-haired, nameless stranger who wears a star on his cloak. Rating : PG (some mentions of violence, but nothing graphic.) This was written for the April 2014 Teitho challenge, on the theme of "Mystery." It placed first. Unnoticed and unlooked-for, snow had fallen in the night. Morwen stood with her hand pressed against the wooden shutter, looking out at the empty whiteness. The spring flowers were gone, covered by wind-blown drifts. Even the roofs of Edoras were white. Pale smoke issued from the smoke holes, but it was not enough to melt the snow. There were no footprints, but outside, beyond the gate, she thought she could see the tracks of a single horse. Thengel stirred on the bed behind her, but did not wake up. She glanced at him, then found herself unable to look away. He looks… He had been in his prime when she had first met him. Years had passed since then, but in her mind he was still the strong, handsome prince who had first charmed her. When she looked at him awake, her gaze was overwritten with memories. Only occasionally, and only when he was asleep, did she see him as a stranger might see him. She let out a breath, her hand rising flutteringly to her throat. He looks old. Snatching up her cloak, she flung open the door, suddenly desperate for cold, fresh air. Meduseld was quiet. The feasting had been late and merry, and warriors slept where they had fallen, some with their hands still resting protectively on their drinking horns. The air was thick with the smell of mead and smoke. A shaggy wolfhound picked its way through the sleepers, finding discarded scraps. "My lady?" Somebody tried to greet her, but she waved him away. The door warden bowed to her. A bleary-eyed guard offered her an escort, but she smiled and declined. Then she was outside; alone and outside. Snow lay in waves on the terrace of Meduseld. The day before, she had eaten outside, enjoying the spring sunshine, but today the wind was chill. Unbound, her hair blew across her face. She pushed it back, but not before noticing how much silver there was amid the black. She was almost fifty years old, and cold. Her son was a man full grown, older than Morwen had been when she had married. One of her daughters was older still, with a child of her own. I wish... she began, but she did not complete the thought. She moved to the edge of the terrace, wrapping her cloak tight. Edoras was silent, slumbering in the aftermath of the feast. It was no longer snowing, and above her, the sky was a thin, pale grey. Later, she thought, the clouds might melt away, and spring and sunshine would return; or maybe they would thicken, and bring more snow. A dog barked. Morwen turned her head, and saw again the line of hoofprints she had seen from the window. They started from the guest stables, and went through the outer gate, the only marring of the pristine snow. One of her husband's guests had departed before dawn, riding away without taking leave of his host. Like a thief in the night, she thought. But whoever it was, he had been allowed to pass through the outer gate, so the wardens must have seen no evil in him. It is nothing, she told herself, as grey-streaked hair blew across her eyes. She pushed it back, and held it. Her fingers felt cold as they brushed against her cheek. It is... She saw it, then: a shape on the ground, half covered with snow. She leaned forward, frowning. It was a sack, a discarded heap of clothing. But her heart was racing, already knowing the truth. Her mind showed her a picture of Thengel, asleep beneath a white sheet. This was a person, a person lying unmoving in the snow. This was... She was moving before she had even finished the thought. "My lady?" someone called. She ignored them, racing for the steps, slipping on the snow, almost falling. A dog leaped up with an eager bark, pulling at its chain. A door opened. Holding her hair back with one hand, Morwen ran on. Another shout. She barely heard it. For the last few steps, she slowed. Then she stopped completely, a few feet from the person on the ground. It was a woman, a young woman. The head was turned slightly to one side, and one hand was reaching out, as if for help. The snow was shallow, just a thin dusting over the woman's clothes. Beneath her head, the snow was red. Morwen stood over the woman, just breathing, sucking in great lungfuls of air and letting them out again. Her hand closed on a hank of hair, she gripping it tightly. She knew she should crouch down; knew she should touch the dead woman; knew she should call for help. A dark bird took flight from a thatched roof, sending down a lump of snow that dissolved into dust before it reached the ground. Morwen looked at the sky; looked at the buildings; looked at the flower that showed through the snow near the woman's outstretched hand. And then somebody was there: a stranger on a strange horse. Morwen watched him approach. She gripped her hair more tightly. Dangerous! said her instincts. Her other hand went to her belt, but of course there was no knife there, for beneath her cloak, she was still in her sleeping robes. The stranger dismounted and stepped forward. He was very tall. His dark hood hid his face at first, but then he pushed it back, and looked at Morwen, meeting her gaze steadily. Morwen's first thought was that she knew him. Her second was that she did not. But the first thought lingered. It brought with it memories of her childhood in Gondor: stern lords in cold stone towers. "My lady." His tone was respectful, but he did not lower his gaze. Morwen, a queen in her own domain, found herself looking away first. "I do not know you." "I arrived in Edoras last night, my lady," the stranger said. "I came to take service with your husband, for a while." "I did not see you at the feast," Morwen said sharply, because a woman lay dead in the snow between them, and this was a stranger. "But I was there, my lady." He said it politely, but still he did not look away. "Thengel accepted my service after you had retired for the night." "And why are you here?" Morwen demanded. "Why are you out here in the saddle when everyone else is still in bed?" "I have been travelling for many weeks," he said, "and am not used to sleeping beneath a roof. I woke early and went out for a ride, and have just returned. The guards on the gate will vouch for that. But this is neither the time nor the place to talk about such things." "I can think of no time better," Morwen retorted, "than when a woman lies dead at your feet." "Not dead, I think." The stranger went down on one knee, and reached out to touch the woman's throat. Morwen found that she had taken a step forward, and had reached out a hand, as if to grab him and make him stop. But his touch was gentle. His hand looked strong, scarred with the marks of old battles, but it knew how to be soft. "Not dead?" She echoed it, her voice little more than a scratchy whisper. "The snow has melted at her nose and mouth." The stranger touched the woman's brow, a feather-like touch. "The cold has helped slow the bleeding. She is not dead, at least not yet, but she is gravely hurt." There were voices behind them; a dog barking, and the smell of hearth smoke and food. Edoras was waking up. Morwen swallowed. "I will call..." "I have some skill as a healer," said the stranger. "I can tend her, if you will allow it." The cold wind knifed through Morwen's cloak. "And if I do not allow it?" The stranger looked at her. His eyes were grey, like ancient stone. "I am a stranger, and on the night of my arrival, a woman is attacked and left for dead. I know what you fear, but-" "If I do not allow it?" Morwen repeated. "What then?" "Then..." the stranger said. "Then I will accept your wishes, if I am satisfied that your healers possess the skill to save her, but if I am not, then I will tend her." "Even if your king forbids it? Even if he sends warriors to stop you?" "Even then," the stranger agreed. "But I would ask that you trust me." "You would ask?" Her voice sounded harsh. It was that, or sound weaker than any queen should be. "Not beg? Not demand? Not threaten?" "Ask." His gaze was steady. "Just that." Morwen's mouth was dry. Once again, she had a brief flash of memory: her first visit to Minas Tirith from the gardens of Lossarnach, and how tall everyone had been, and how unfathomable, and how old. But this man was not old. He was younger than she was, perhaps by a dozen years, perhaps even by more. She closed her eyes for a moment to steady herself. He was still looking at her when she opened them again. "Yes," she found herself saying. "Then I will." "A woman was attacked in the night," Morwen said, as she spread honey on her bread. "She was hit on the head and left in the snow where she fell." "Who?" Thengel sat hunched in his chair, both hands wrapped round his mug of hot milk. Since she had seen him as old, it was hard to unsee it. "Nobody I recognised," Morwen said. "Perhaps she came for the feast from one of the distant halls." "Then someone will claim her and demand justice for her." Thengel sipped his drink, grimaced, and put it down again. "Ah, Morwen, I am getting too old for such feasting." Morwen stood up, and moved to stand behind him, rubbing his brow with practised fingers. "I thought she was dead at first," she confessed. "I was alone. I stood over her body, and I thought..." Even as she kneaded the skin of his brow, she could feel the wrinkles against her fingers. 'Steelsheen,' they called her, because she had once been tall and beautiful and strong. Beauty faded, but she had always hoped that the strength, at least, would remain. "But she will live?" Thengel asked. " He thinks so," Morwen said. It was time. She had to say it. Her fingers kept moving, easing pain from her husband's head. "There was a man, a stranger. He said he offered you his sword last night, and you accepted it." "I did." There was something in Thengel's voice, something troubled. Morwen's fingers stilled for a moment, then carried on. "He was very polite, very honest. He told me that he could not give me his name or tell me where he came from, but he swore to serve me truthfully in every other way." "And you accepted his oath of fealty?" Morwen's hands stopped moving. "You swore the lord's oath to him in return?" "He... swore no liegeman's oath," Thengel said, "and neither did I ask for one. An oath to a liege lord is binding for life. He said... He said that he would serve me as if I were his lord, until the time came for him to depart." "As if you were his lord." Morwen groped her way back to her chair, and sat down heavily. "And afterwards? How will he serve you then?" "Afterwards..."