A Captain and a Cause by Rhymer (Eildon Rhymer/rhymer23) " Daerion was dangling upside-down from an apple tree when the King came for the first time to Minas Tirith." Thorongil touched many lives when he served in Gondor, more than at first he knew. Daerion was dangling upside-down from an apple tree when the King came for the first time to Minas Tirith. The King came on a horse, which was unusual enough, and he came by the North-way, which was even more rare. Even so, Daerion would have spared him barely a glance, had he not been bored and hungry, because he had eaten all the honey cakes even before reaching the Great Gate, and he couldn't find the funny beetles anywhere, and that made Iorlas a liar, so there. The King was not yet king, then, of course, just a tall stranger on a horse. Daerion was nine years old. Upside-down, he watched the stranger approach. Then, because it was hard to see things clearly when your head was underneath the rest of you, he pulled himself up and scrambled astride the branch. The stranger drew nearer. He rode a big brown horse, and he wore a plain grey cloak and carried a long sword. Perhaps he was going to do something interesting with it. Daerion shuffled along the branch, pushing apple blossom out of the way so he could see him more clearly. Blossom was stupid. Apples were much better, because you could eat them, unless people caught you at it and chased you out of the orchard, but there would be no apples until the end of summer. It was spring time on the Pelennor, and summer felt like years away, and excitement, the true excitement that you got in stories, was like a distant dream. The stranger failed to draw his sword, or sing a song in a barbaric tongue, or even gallop or canter, whatever the difference was; Iorlas could tell him, but Daerion refused to ask. He just plodded along slowly, head bowed, dressed in boring old grey. Then, as Daerion watched, the stranger reached the curve in the orchard wall, the place where you suddenly got a view of the whole of Minas Tirith, shining and white beneath Mount Mindolluin. And there the stranger stopped, and sat there very still, just gazing at it. "Boring!" Daerion whispered, and started to pick away at the bark with his fingernails, planning to spell out his name. But then, just before Daerion looked away, everything changed, like those magic tricks they said the great wizard Saruman could do in his tower of Orthanc. Instead of a travel-worn stranger, Daerion saw a statue of a mounted king. He saw a hero of fireside stories. He saw a great lord, tall and wise and mighty, with light in his eyes and a star on his brow. Daerion clutched at the branch, and almost fell. When he recovered himself, the stranger was just a man again, just a traveller on a brown horse, riding quietly towards the city of stone. "There you are," said Iorlas, swiping at the blossom with a forked stick. "What're you doing up there?" "Did you see him?" Daerion asked. "Who?" Iorlas said. "Come on! Get down!" "The…" He wasn't sure what he wanted to say. Great lord, perhaps, or hero or prince or warrior. "Man," he said. "On a horse." Iorlas looked where Daerion was pointing. "The horse comes from Rohan." His father worked in the stables on the Sixth Level, so Iorlas knew everything there was to be known about horses, and made sure all his friends knew it. "He…" Daerion wondered whether to say it. Mockery could be merciless, but the memory was too strong. "Shone," he said. "Sunshine on his armour and his horse's tack." Iorlas flapped his hand dismissively. "Forget him. He's just a boring grown-up. Come on. I've found the funny beetles. I told you I'd see them first. I always do." It was the middle of summer, and overnight the ants had sprouted wings. Daerion watched them flying, and wondered what it must feel like to spend your life crawling on the ground, then suddenly discover that you could fly. If he had wings, he would fly free. He would find dragons in the mountains and treasure in caves and wonderful slimy things in the river, and nobody would ever tell him off for coming home with dirty clothes, or force him to stay in and work in his father's ale house, when there was a bright midsummer's afternoon outside, just waiting to be run around in. "Fill us up again, lad," called the scar-faced man, the one with hair all streaked like a badger, or maybe a fox; Daerion had never seen either of them, just heard about them in stories, and kept getting them confused. Daerion hurried forward, topping up their tankards from the heavy flagon. He only spilled two drops, or maybe four, but most of that was on his shoes, so nobody would notice. Then he withdrew to the edge of the terrace. Although it was outside, it was covered with a wooden trellis, so tightly woven through with vines and flowers that the sunlight could hardly sneak through. It seemed like a very silly arrangement to Daerion. "...and do you want to hear the strangest thing of all?" one of the men was saying. He had red cheeks and wavy hair, and Daerion thought he was one of the City guard, but only an off-duty one. Guards never did anything fun when they were off duty, like kill things. According to Iorlas, not even the Citadel guard did interesting things nowadays, just stood around all day looking solemn in silly hats. "What?" asked Badgerman, shifting in his seat, as if he couldn't get comfortable. "You remember Derulin?" said Redcheeks, leaning forward just like Daerion's auntie did when gossiping over the laundry. "Captain of the Third Company? Puffed full of his own importance, and snapping out orders as if he's the very king returned?" Where had the ants gone? Oh, there was one, busy drowning in the beer. Daerion dipped a finger in to fish it out. "Captain of the Second Company now," Redcheeks said, "but still the same as he was in your time. Worse, really. Thinks we all stink worse than the dirt beneath his oh so expensive boots. Hates taking orders from anyone but the Lord Steward himself. He was so sure he was going to make First Captain before the next few years were out." A red petal fell from the vine and landed on Badgerman's streaked hair. He raised a scarred hand and brushed it away. "And this Thorongil…?" "Came from nowhere just this spring – just a mercenery, really - and already he's been put above all of them." Badgerman chuckled. "I bet Derulin's livid. What I wouldn't give to see his face." Daerion sucked his finger, but the ale was just as horrid as it had always been. How stupid grown-ups were, to love it so! "That's the strangest thing." There were petals in Redcheek's hair, too, like drops of blood. "He doesn't seem to mind. He acts as if it's…" "As if it's right," said a third man, quiet in the corner. Badgerman shook his head, chuckling in wonder. "And this Thorongil really just came out of nowhere?" Another petal fell. It landed in Badgerman's beer. Daerion wondered if he would swallow it, or notice it and spit it out. He couldn't see any flying ants anywhere. "He rode in from Rohan," said the quiet man, twirling a vine leaf to and fro between his thumb and forefinger. "Came with some barbaric mouthful of a Rohirric name, but he told the Lord Steward right out that it wasn't his real name, just a name he went by. You should hear the lads in the guardroom, all of them swearing blind that they were the one who first came up with the name 'Thorongil.' It's because he wears a star-shaped brooch," he said, "on that long grey cloak of his." "I saw him!" Daerion realised suddenly. "I saw him come! He had a brown horse." But then his mother called him in to collect a platter of cold meat and honey cakes, and when he got back, the guardsmen were talking about ladies, and ladies were almost as boring to talk about as girls . They ate all the honey cakes, too, even the crumbs. They were lying side by side on the roof of an abandoned mansion, higher in the city than they had ever been. They were covered in dust from their scrambling and crawling, and wrapped in enough woollies to stop even their grandmothers from fussing about the cold. "Did you see the hibernating moths down there in the loft?" Daerion asked. "Of course I did." Iorlas had his chin propped up both hands. Beyond him, and far higher, rose the outer wall of the Citadel, and the Tower of Ecthelion, as tall as the sky. Daerion rolled onto his back and looked up at the pale grey sky. A skein of geese was passing across it, following their leader in a perfect arrow shape. "I wonder where they come from," he said, "the birds that only come here in the winter, and where they go when their time here is done." "To the north," said Iorlas. "Stupid." "But where in the north," Daerion wondered, "and what's in the north, anyway?" "Savages," said Iorlas. "Savage folk and savage places." Daerion watched the geese until they were entirely gone. "There was a great kingdom in the north, once. Greater than Gondor. At least, Isildur gave it to his eldest son to rule, so it must have been the best." "Maybe he didn't like his eldest son, like that old shoemaker down on the Street of Flowers, you remember, the one who left his eldest son nothing but a lump of coal?" Iorlas sat up and gave Daerion a sharp jab in the side. "Want to hear a secret?" "What secret?" Daerion rolled onto his stomach. They had played this game before, and it was easier just to ask. "You've heard of Captain Thorongil?" "Of course. Everybody knows him." Daerion looked up at the great tower so far above them. His cheeks felt warm in the cold air of these high places. "I saw him first," he said quietly. But Iorlas was already speaking, trampling over his words. "...on a secret mission," he was saying, "just him and thirty men handpicked from every command, not just the Citadel guard, but the City guard and the Rangers, and even some men-at-arms from the retinues of the great lords." Daerion sat up, hugging his knees. "Where?" he asked. "What's he doing?" "He's... somewhere," Iorlas said, waving his hand vaguely out yonder. "In the wilds, doing... something . Something secret." A horse passed by on the street below, but it was only a white one, and its rider's cloak was black. "So how do you know, then?" Daerion demanded. "If it's so secret, how do you know?" Iorlas started bashing at the roof tiles with a fragment of white stone. "Well, he's back now, isn't he? So it isn't secret any more. Everybody's talking about it in the upper levels." He jabbed harder, dislodging a roof tile so it fell down to shatter on the street below. "But I knew it first, when it still really was a secret, before anybody else knew it apart from Captain Thorongil and those thirty men." Daerion hit him. He surprised even himself. Every year, at the start of spring, the Lord Steward walked the walls of Minas Tirith. Daerion had always thought it the most boring of all the ceremonies of Minas Tirith, because it involved neither dancing bears nor special cake. It was just an old man and his solemn-faced captains walking along and around, then down a level and