A Stranger Grown Merry and Pippin return to Minas Tirith after many years away, and find that the city has changed since they knew it, and become a shining wonder. The Shire is a wonder, too, but while the hobbits can visit Aragorn in his home, he can never visit them, because no Man can... This was written for the February 2015 Teitho challenge, on the theme of "out of place." It placed first, but at the time I was too embroiled in writing The Shadow of War to get round to posting it anywhere. The arches were entwined with bright flowers, and leafy tendrils clung to the pale stone. Beyond walls and behind doorways, treetops reached towards the cloudless sky. Birds sang unseen in courtyards, and two golden butterflies chased each other above the bleached flagstones, then rose high against the crenelated walls, and then were gone. "There were no flowers the first time I came here," Pippin said quietly beside him. "No flowers at all, just stone." "It's changed." Merry shook his head, wondering. He, too, spoke quietly. Unbidden, they had both dropped their voices almost to a whisper as soon as they had passed through the Great Gate. On the road, they had been exuberant, and the miles had passed in song and laughter and the anticipation of longed-for reunions. Now stone walls surrounded them, and all around them were the eyes of Men. "Of course," Pippin said, rallying slightly, "Gondor was at war then, and had no king." A young girl turned her head, openly staring. A doll trailed from her hand, its curly hair brushing the dust. It was a hobbit, Merry thought, turned by the dollmaker into something quaint and strange. He turned away; caught another pair of staring eyes. A woman elbowed her friend, and whispered something, shielding her mouth with her hand. He knew that tales were told of them throughout the realm; Aragorn had made sure that they received what he considered was their due. But few of those who told the tales had ever seen a hobbit in the flesh before. Most never would. "It's such a beautiful city," Pippin said, louder than it needed to be. A petal fell from a balcony far above them, where flowers grew around a metal balustrade, wrought in an elven style. It rested briefly on Pippin's hair, and he brushed it away without looking at it. "Yes," Merry agreed, just a near-silent moving of his lips. He remembered how strange Rohan had seemed to him at first, but he had come to love the scent of its grasslands and the warm smokiness of its feast halls. Visiting Edoras a month ago, he had felt a sharp pang of rightness, as if he was returning to a place that had once, in a way, almost been a home to him. Perhaps Pippin felt the same about Minas Tirith, but it had never felt like home to Merry, even in those joyous months after the fall of Sauron, when the world was full of promise. Forty years, now, since its walls had first loomed before him, distorted and shadowed by his wound-sickness and his grief. Then, recovering, he had looked out at its crumbling stone towers, and sorrowed to think that he would probably die here, so far away from home. They had returned several times, he and Pippin, before their fathers had died and they had taken up their responsibilities in the Shire. Sam had visited some years after that, but this was first time Merry and Pippin had returned in twenty years. "But so big," Pippin said, quiet again. "I remember..." He looked upwards, but the lower walls of the city towered above them, and the citadel seemed as far away and impossible as the stars. "I felt so small." Minas Tirith was not a built for hobbits. It was too vast, and the buildings had too many floors. It was too big for all the inhabitants to know each other, and its people rushed around too fast, and too many of them wore swords. There were old things here, too: far older than the Shire and anything in it. It would be famed in story for as long as the world endured, whereas the stories hobbits told in their taverns at night would never be heard by anyone but hobbits. "I feel even smaller now," Pippin confessed, "for some reason." "It's because it's changed," Merry said. "Changed since we were here last. Changed since we had almost come to know it." Minas Tirith had been transformed. Where once it had been a place of cold, crumbling stone, it was now full of gardens and bright new carvings. The marketplace was teeming with people, some of them clearly travellers from lands far to the south. Stalls sold foods that Merry had never tasted before, and traders shouted about wares he had never heard of. Clothing had changed, and the music was different, and the people walked with an easy confidence and pride, citizens of the greatest city in the world. "Changed," he murmured again. And we haven't, he almost said, but of course that was not true. He and Pippin had been transformed by their adventures, and the other hobbits considered them remarkable. But they remained hobbits, and that meant… His thoughts faltered. He stopped, looked up, and caught a glimpse of a vision: a hint of what might one day come to pass. "It's wrong," he said, speaking to himself, wondering. "It…" He looked at the flowers against the carved white stone, so beautiful, but so strange. "What?" And Pippin was still there at his side, as if the years had melted away, and the world once more stood at the cusp of ending. They did not call him Strider any more, the hobbits. In private, they were much the same as they had always been, but the shadow of years lay between them now. Aragorn had been forty years a king. It was forty years since he had lurked in a northern inn, while men and hobbits caroused all around him, and he went unseen. It was forty years since he had been Strider to anyone but these hobbits. Now, it seemed, even that small link with his past had gone. Despite everything that the years had gained him, he found that he could mourn it still. They did not bow, though. Even in public, because he had asked them to, they stood tall before him, and did not kneel. They laughed together, when laughter was called for. There were songs, and long hours of talking, late into the night. At times, there was quietness, as they remembered together those who had gone. Legolas was there, and Gimli. Faramir and his family joined them in the Citadel, and Pippin visited his friend Bergil, a veteran captain now, with the honours to show for it, as well as the scars. They were happy together, and the courtiers smiled to see it. But always, through it all, the shadow. Two days before midsummer, Aragorn rose early, as was his habit, and walked the ramparts in the cool light of dawn. As the day grew bright around him, he sat down beside the fountain, and closed his eyes, listening to the play of falling water. The footsteps were soft behind him. Merry, Aragorn thought, for the instincts of a Ranger were never truly forgotten, even after forty years in a palace of stone. He had thought from the start that it would be Merry, for it was in Merry's eyes that the shadow most often dwelled. Merry clambered up onto the bench, and settled himself on the hard stone. He had left a space between the two of them, a little wider than a hobbit's reach. "I always get up early," Merry said, "now I'm getting old." He patted at his hair, where the sun touched the greying curls and gilded them with the appearance of youth. Aragorn smiled. "I spent too many years sleeping in hedgerows and rising with the sun. It is a habit that has proved impossible to break. Besides," he said, "the city is never more beautiful than at dawn, when light breaks in the east, where once all was dread and dark." "It is very beautiful." Merry looked down at his clasped hands, at his dangling feet. "It's changed a lot." "Yes," Aragorn agreed. Merry was working towards something, he thought, and this was the start of it. He would let it unfold in time. He would not hurry it. "The elves brought the gardens. The dwarves crafted the Great Gate, and much else besides. The Men of Gondor were always good with stone, but now they can craft for beauty, not just for defence." "That's good." Merry's smile was faint. "But it's not just the buildings. There are new people here, Men that aren't from Gondor or the Mark." "Haradrim," Aragorn said, "and those we used to call Easterlings. More battles lie ahead, I fear, but for now, we are at peace with most of our old enemies. We are beginning to learn each other's ways." Merry's legs were swinging, left then right then left, like the child he most definitely was not. "We went to the market yesterday, Pippin and I. We ate such things! Strange spices and pastries, and… goat, I think, and a strange squeaky cheese… oh, and a drink that was sharp and sweet at the same time, and pricked your tongue like pins. Pippin liked it, but wasn't so sure." "I disliked it when first I tasted it in the east, many years ago," Aragorn confessed, "but I have grown to like it now." "I expect I would, too," Merry said, "if I tried it a few more times. We don't have it in the Shire, of course." Far below, a bell started ringing. Others followed after: first one, then another, until all the bells in the city had chimed the hour. Silence fell slowly. The most distant bell was always the last, starting its chime only when the others had already finished. "Did you ever visit the Shire, Aragorn?" Merry asked into the silence after that last bell had sounded. "We guarded the borders, for the most part." It was a long time ago, now: over half a lifetime, for most Men. "We came in when we had to, but we passed through quickly, and stayed unseen. I never saw Hobbiton, but Bilbo spoke of it so fondly and so vividly, that at times it seemed as if I had walked its lanes at his side." He smiled at the memory. The pictures were still there, although fainter now, far fainter than they once had been. "But you never did." Merry looked so small, dwarfed by the stone bench that, like everything else in Minas Tirith, had been made so unthinkingly for Men. "You never will." So this was it, then. This was the shadow, brought out at last beneath the clear light of dawn. "No," Aragorn agreed. He was quiet. He would wait. Merry turned towards him; half reached for him, but was too far away to touch. "Why did you do it? Why did you ban Men from the Shire?" "You know why." Aragorn kept his voice soft. He wanted to reach across the gap between them, but merely rested his hand on the stone bench at his side, near enough for Merry to touch, if he wanted to. He hoped he would. "Yes." Merry let out a breath. "You think there's something special about us and our way of life, something simple and uncorrupted, that meant that only a hobbit could resist the lure of the Ring. You want to preserve that. You want to reward us for everything we… for everything Frodo suffered. And then there was Saruman and the things that he did, ruining things, changing things. You want to make sure that doesn't happen to us