Lord of Misrule This was written for the December 2013 Teitho contest, on the theme of "Holidays." It placed first. "But, Sire!" clucked the chamberlain. "But…! But…! But…!" "It is a long-standing Yule tradition in Bree-land and parts of the Shire," Aragorn told him. "Such traditions should be respected." Caught between deference and outrage, the chamberlain gaped silently, and dropped his rolls of paper. "It is hardly a tradition, Sire," he said, bending to retrieve the unfurling sheets of lineage and heraldry. "No," Aragorn agreed. "It is merely something they have done for a thousand years, but if you say so, not a tradition." The chamberlain was as persistent as his counterpart in Gondor. "I meant that it was no tradition of the old Kingdom, Sire," he said stiffly. "And this is not the old Kingdom." Aragorn resumed his walk across the courtyard. Beneath a slate-grey sky, birds were calling across the lake. "The people of Arnor lived without a king for a thousand years. They lived, they died, they defended themselves, and they found their own ways of making merry. I will not trample roughshod over their traditions in the name of some long-forgotten past." "But, Sire!" the chamberlain squawked, waddling after him. "It is one thing to tolerate the tradition in the villages. It is quite another thing to introduce it at court." Aragorn paused beneath a half-built tower. "Quite another thing indeed," he agreed. "But Misrule!" the chamberlain protested. "The very name, Sire! I am only thinking of you, my King. I fear it will reduce your dignity in the eyes of the people." A master craftsman came scurrying along the path, lost in thought. When he noticed Aragorn, he blanched and almost dropped his chisels, bowing so low that his knees nearly touched the ground. "And if it does," Aragorn said quietly, "I believe it will be no bad thing." Fourteen years later Legolas skipped out of the path of the rampaging creature. "So this is the famous Misrule of Arnor." He dodged a second animal. "Does it normally involve quite so many goats?" Aragorn was adjusting his sword belt. "I have experienced the ceremony but twice, but I believe the goats are an innovation." "Ah," said Legolas. A pack of hobbit children raced last him, all bedecked in bells and ribbons. "But spotted pigs featured heavily last year, or so my Chamberlain told me in several exceedingly long letters." Aragorn shook out dust from his weather-beaten cloak. "At times his pen went entirely through the paper." "You establish a winter custom in the court of Arnor, then spend most of your winters in Gondor." Legolas tested the heft of his bow. "How your Chamberlain must love you!" Aragorn chuckled. "And how the flatterers and fortune hunters of Gondor must love me for choosing to winter in the north this year. They followed me unbidden, of course, and now complain because it is too cold." He flung the cloak over his shoulders. "I offered to give the worst offender the bed I myself slept in one memorable snowy might many years ago. He was most gratified, until I led him to a hedge." Another goat raced by, trailing flour and ribbons. "I do not understand the goats," Legolas admitted. "In the days of Misrule, the normal order of things is turned upside-down," Aragorn said. "A humble person – a child or a servant, perhaps – is chosen as the Lord of Misrule, the master of revels. His whims decide the season's entertainment. Pippin was desperate for the job, of course, but I told him that as Thain, he is a person of too much consequence. This year he offered me the services of his youngest nephew, although I suspect we see the hand of Pippin at work behind the scenes." Aragorn looked down at the sole at his boot, wrinkling his nose. "One or other of them appears to like goats." "My liking for goats is less than it was." Legolas clapped Aragorn on the back. "Shall we away, my friend?" Aragorn nodded, and they made their way to the stables, and then to the postern gate. "The normal order of things is turned upside-down," Aragorn said, "and so Pippin's nephew will rule the revels in Annuminas, while I go wandering as a common Ranger." He gave a rueful smile. "I did try to attend the revels one year, but they find it hard to forget that I am King. But I will attend the final feast, of course. I cannot miss that." The gate was flanked by two guards who were decked in bells and ribbons and comical hats, but stood to attention nevertheless. They were slow to recognise Aragorn, but when they did, they bowed low. "It is Misrule," Aragorn chided them softly. "I am no king." Legolas laughed. "No, indeed. These fine fellows are the masters tonight. They could stop you from leaving." "But the world is turned upside-down," Aragorn said, "and I would not have to obey." The guards looked from Aragorn to Legolas and back again. They saluted, dignified in their festival disarray. Legolas watched Aragorn as he passed through the gate, and for the first time in many years, he was unsure what his friend was thinking. But then they were outside in the snow, anonymous beneath the winter sky, and the world was turned upside-down indeed, sent tumbling thirty years into the past, when all was dark, but free. They rode for half a day, then left their horses in the care of a posting station on the road. After that, they walked, sometimes talking, often silent. They paused on the cusp of twilight, as birds roosted in the tall trees, and berries shone red in the dying light. Aragorn stood for a while looking up at the sky, seemingly lost in thought. Legolas watched him. Clad like this, his hair tangled by the winter breeze, Aragorn looked little different from the Ranger who had led the Fellowship from the disaster of Moria. "You miss it," Legolas said quietly. "I… do," Aragorn admitted. "They dog my feet at all times, people who want my attention, people who consider it their sworn duty to keep me safe. My Chamberlain considers it an outrage if I fasten my own coat without assistance. The Captain of the Guard tears his hair if I ride out alone." "So that is why he is bald before his time," said Legolas. "I did wonder." Aragorn smiled, but the smile did not reach his eyes. Then even that half smile faded. "It is worse in Minas Tirith, of course. There are enough former Rangers in the court of Arnor to keep things… sensible. The nobility of the north will forever be prone to wandering, I foresee. We spent a thousand years dreaming of leaving the wilderness, and when we do…" A buzzard screamed overhead, circling for prey. Legolas placed a hand on Aragorn's shoulder. "In the songs of the common folk, no man alive has more freedom than a king," Aragorn said. "Perhaps it is true of a bad king, who cares nothing for duty, but it is not true of one who strives to be good." "I have also heard them sing that only a wandering beggar is truly free," Legolas said. "So sing those who have never had to beg." Aragorn gave a harsh laugh. "How strange men are. Sometimes I look at the common folk in their villages, and envy them for their freedom, while they sing longingly of the freedom of a beggar or a king." He sighed, shaking his head. "And here am I as King, looking back fondly at the days of my wandering. Forty years ago, I was a half-starved Ranger shivering under a hedge, bound to that life by the chains of duty and lineage, dreaming of an end to the darkness and a world with hope restored. What a fool that half-starved Ranger would deem me, if he could see me now!" "Not a fool," Legolas said. "A fool," Aragorn insisted. "I won my true love. I live in palaces and never go hungry. I witnessed the end of the darkness, and I have been granted the privilege of helping to shape the age to come. I cannot regret this. I do not regret this." Legolas thought of all the fair ones who had left Middle Earth, the price of Sauron's defeat. He closed his eyes, and remembered the leaves of Lothlorien, beautiful even in winter. Then he thought of the fresh growth that blossomed in Eryn Lasgalen, and the new gardens of Minas Tirith, and the fallen ruins that had once been filled with the hordes of Mordor. Beacons of light blazed most fiercely in the night. When morning came, the beacons faded, but everywhere there was the pale light of the sun. "I do not regret it," Legolas echoed quietly. Aragorn laughed, and there was no harshness in the sound this time. "And because I am just a cosseted King playing at being a wanderer, there will be no hedges for us tonight; those I do not miss. We should reach the village of Norton before dark, and they have an inn, and-" He urgently patted the pouch at his belt, and sighed with relief. "We have coin." Twilight thickened around them. They walked on, talking lightly of other things: of hobbit friends old and new; of Gimli, left feasting and contented in Annúminas; of memories of Arnor. It was almost dark when they reached the village. A low wall surrounded it, not high enough to repel any determined wrongdoer, but sufficient to prompt any well-meaning traveller to enter by the gate. Sounds of revelry came from within the wall, and the gate was bedecked with ribbons and greenery. Legolas pulled his hood over his head. "You travel as a common man?" He kept his voice low. "Of course." Aragorn pulled his own hood forward, considered for a while, then pushed it back again, letting his head go uncovered. His clothing was old and weather-stained, and his power was veiled. People saw what they expected to see, and nobody in Norton would look to see a king. Legolas assessed him. "You look quite commonplace, my friend." Aragorn scowled with appropriate villainy. "I can still assume the old guise. But you, my friend…" He shook his head. "You cannot pass as a common man. In the eyes of the people, elves are great ones. No humble wanderer would be in the company of such an exalted creature." Legolas tugged his hood even lower, casting his face in shadow. "I can be a common man." He followed Aragorn towards the gate. The noise of revelry swelled louder, almost drowning his words. "I will slouch and drink ale and scratch myself and spill food at the table. They will no more find out that I am an elf than they will discover that you are-" "He is here!" a voice cried. The gate was flung open, and leaves and winter blossom were cast down at Aragorn's feet. "Behold our King!" "Oh," Legolas managed; only that. Aragorn was taken under the wing of a round and cheerful man called Archer. "It's our Misrule tradition, you see," Archer explained, as people laughed and danced and threw leaves in Aragorn's path. "Some choose a child and some choose a beggar, but we in Norton choose the first stranger who arrives after sunset." Aragorn had recovered himself more quickly than Legolas, who was shaking behind him in consternation, or maybe mirth. "And if no stranger arrives?" "Then the mayor dresses his son up in a false beard made of bear-skin and shoves him out the window so he can arrive at the gate and pretend to be a stranger." Archer laughed. "He spends all night speaking in a bad Bree-land accent. Last year he got so drunk that his beard fell off and he didn't notice. There he is now." Archer gestured