Garnet and Gold Long after the end of the Fourth Age, a unique treasure is uncovered in what was once the Shire. This is the story of some of those who owned it, and why they cherished it, and how they passed it on. Note: The first two scenes feature original characters from the future, but most of the story focuses on major characters from The Lord of the Rings. This was written for the January potluck challenge on LOTR Community Challenges on LJ. The challenge was to write a story inspired by a type of gem stone. I chose garnet. He was nearly sixty years old now, but Edward still felt a fierce thrill whenever he caught the glint of gold in a trench. Some of the best pieces of historical evidence were dull things, of course, but the treasures were the best. It was one thing to unearth a piece of pottery and know how your forefathers had lived, but it was quite another thing to unearth a piece of jewellery and know what they had treasured. "What have you got there?" asked Harry, peering over his shoulder. Edward frowned. "A piece of a sword hilt, I think. I can't see much before cleaning, but I think… Yes, look! It's gold, definitely, inlaid with garnets. A fine work. Yes. Yes…" He turned it from side to side, letting it catch the light. Inside, his heart was racing, although he tried to keep his voice steady in front of the lad. Already he sensed that this small piece could be the find of his lifetime. "It looks like Golden Age Rohirric work," Harry said. "Why would that be here in the Tower Hills?" He used the ancient name for the place, of course, as they all did. "If it is Golden Age Rohirric," Edward said, "it's unique. There's styling there that doesn't look like anything from Rohan, and I've never seen a sword hilt so richly decorated. It can't have been practical. Ceremonial, perhaps? But not like anything else we've found – not that ancient Rohan is my period, of course." "Unique, and far from home," Harry mused. "I wonder if we'll ever know…" The sun would never shine again. Never again would she take pleasure in the singing of the birds. Never again would a valley seem fair. They were leaving, Lily Banks and her Ma, and moving to the Tower Hills, where Lily had never been. All the special, secret places of her childhood were being left behind, and she would never see her friends again. She was filthy and exhausted, tired out from days spent packing up her treasures, and nights spent weeping. "Do we have to go?" She had asked it a hundred times before, but maybe one day she would get a different answer, and the sun would come out again. "Of course we do, Lily." Ma's voice was flat and tired. Once, not so long ago, she had sparkled. "Your dad's gone, and there's nothing to be done about it. My aunt will take us in. It's beautiful there, Lily; as beautiful as here." "But it isn't home." Lily slammed the trunk shut, raising dust. "Lily!" Ma said, but even her shouting was flat and dull now. "For shame, girl. You're fifteen years old." Fifteen years old, and her life had ended. All the familiar trappings of her childhood were packed away, and all that was left was this hollow space that echoed when she spoke. There was little left to pack, just the long-forgotten contents of the deepest cupboards. Lily kicked the wall. She wanted to shout. She wanted to scream. "Goodness!" said Ma, with a spark of life in her voice. "Look at this, Lily!" Lily wanted to stomp off and ignore her. Nothing could be remarkable, here in this empty shell that had once been her home. But then Ma crawled out from the depths of the cupboard. She had half unwrapped something from its covering of soft velvet, something that shone like gold. Despite herself, Lily edged forward. No, it was gold, inlaid with shining dark red jewels. Ma stood up, and drew the treasure fully out of the velvet. It was a sword, Lily saw, with a hilt decorated like the finest jewellery. She wanted to hate it. She wanted to dismiss it and walk away. Instead she found herself almost touching it, but not quite. "How…?" she breathed. "How did we…?" "Your dad came from a good family, on his mother's side." Ma looked as fascinated by the sword as Lily was. It was a long time since Lily had seen her take an interest in anything. "He told me once that he was descended from Meriadoc the Magnificent, himself." "But he wasn't real," Lily laughed. She was no baby, to believe in such things. In the stories, Meriadoc and his best friend Peregrin were giants, hobbits who stood as tall as Men. They wore shining mail, and they were fierce when they needed to be, but more often they were joyful and generous. At the end of all stories, they rode away to Gondor, never to return. But one day, when the Shire was in danger, the great lost horn would sound again, and Meriadoc and Peregrin would come riding back from the south to save the land they had loved so much. "Oh, he was," Ma said. "He was that." She laughed. It was a rusty sound, as if she had forgotten how to do it. "I didn't believe it myself, but your dad took me to the archives and showed me proof. Meriadoc lived so many years ago, but he lived. He lived." Even in the faint light from the half-shuttered windows, the sword was gleaming. Lily picked up its soft velvet covering, and pressed it to her face. "But even if he was real, it doesn't mean he did everything he does the stories." In the stories, Meriadoc had killed an immortal demon. He had been made a knight in a country far away. He had spent a season in Fairyland and had emerged unscathed. He had commanded a battle against an evil wizard, here in these ordinary, everyday valleys. Along with Peregrin, he had bound an entire forest to his service, and had commanded it to break down a mighty fortress. She was no baby, and soon she would no longer be a child. How could she believe such things? "But how is it here?" Ma wondered. "This wasn't made in the Shire. It… Why, it must be more valuable than most anything else in the Shire." She carried it out into the light, and Lily followed. It looked even more beautiful outside, covered with patterns of gold and dark red. "Your dad lost his parents when he was young, but this was their house. Maybe there was a story that came with this sword, but we will never know it." "But we can sell it!" Lily cried. "If we sell it, we won't have to move." "Do you want to?" Ma asked. "Is that what you really want?" Lily traced the swirling patterns with her eyes. She thought of Meriadoc the Magnificent, who was her ancestor. Was this his sword? It was too long for any normal hobbit to wield, but Meriadoc was a giant. How many stories were true? Why had the sword ended up in a simple hobbit hole, and not in Brandy Hall? The sword had a story. It was a story she would never know, but her Dad was part of the story, and so was she. "No," she said quietly. The sun came out, faint and tremulous, and her Ma was smiling for the first time in months. The Tower Hills were very beautiful; everyone said that, and there were great archives there, where the past was not forgotten. "No, I don't." And then she was weeping, sinking to the ground. "I miss him, Ma. That's why I…" "I know, my darling. I know." Her Ma sank down beside her, placing the sword on the grass. Clinging together, they wept until they had no tears left to shed. When they rose again, the sun was blazing, and the jewels on the hilt shone like the fierce brightness of memory. They clung together, and smiled, and cherished it. The birds always sang in Emyn Arnen. Leaning on the carved balustrade, Merry looked down on the trees that lined the avenue, and the bright flowers and clear fountains of the gardens that surrounded the mansion. The pillars of the balcony were twined with vines and trailing blossom. It made him think of Rivendell in years gone by. Nowadays, so many things reminded him of long ago. "It feels as if this house has always been here," he said. "As if it has… grown, somehow, from the landscape." It was not always like that with the buildings of Men. He remembered the reeking chimney that Saruman had placed in Hobbiton. Saruman had uprooted flowers to build it, but here the flowers embraced the towers. Éowyn joined him at the railing. As she did so, the wind stirred the treetops, flashing the pale undersides of a thousand green leaves. "I remember the digging of the first foundations," she said quietly. "I remember those trees being planted, and now they are tall and old." Merry turned towards her. She was still as straight and slender as a tree. There was silver in her hair now, but even in her youth, her hair had been such a pale gold that it had seemed almost silver in sunlight. She was still beautiful, or so Merry thought. "But they are still strong," Merry said firmly. "And they will outlive us all." A faint smile danced on Éowyn's lips, and then she sighed. Faint behind the shimmering wood, a trumpet sounded. Faramir was returning from Minas Tirith, and Pippin would be there in his train, guarding him as he had guarded him long ago. One more evening together, and then it would be time to leave and return to the Shire. It was no longer a perilous journey, now there was a king to maintain the roads, but it was a long one, and Merry was no longer young. Even Pippin now complained of aching joints on cold days, and had started to stare reflectively into the fire when certain songs were sung, or a certain turn of phrase stirred a long-ago memory. "I don't think I'll make this journey again," he murmured, "except for one last time, and then there will be no returning." Éowyn placed her hand on his shoulder. "Merry," she said. Her gaze was clear; no fierce longing for death in them now, as he had seen at Dunharrow. "Merry, I… may not be here when you return to Emyn Arnen." His head snapped up. "Are you…?" "No." She shook her head. "But we Men of the Mark are not as long-lived as you hobbits." A shadow of pain darkened her eyes. The Men of Númenor lived longer still, he knew, and Faramir had in him much of the blood of the Men of the West. "But you will have many years yet," he said firmly. She was still tall and unbowed. Her hand on his shoulder was strong. He remembered how she had held him during the wild and terrible ride to Minas Tirith. He had not known who she was, but he had trusted her not to let him fall. "Perhaps." She gave a faint smile. "I would give you a gift before you leave, Sir Holdwine of the Mark." Smiling, Éowyn went inside. Merry remained on the balcony, and waited. He was the Master of Buckland, and he was a knight of Rohan. He was taller than all other hobbits, and the great ones of the world called him friend. Many young hobbits were in awe of him, but his grandchildren thought he was set in his ways,