Trials of Manhood This was written for Back to Middle Earth Month 2015, for the following prompt: "While Aragorn is travelling during his time as Thorongil […] he meets up with Gandalf, who is likewise travelling. They share an adventure…" This is something of a sideways response to the prompt. Aragorn and Gandalf do indeed have an adventure, and it's an epic one, full of thrilling heroics and desperate deeds. However, said thrilling adventure is seen through the eyes of a boy who stumbles onto the periphery of their tale, and sees only fragments of it. Secondly, in LotR, Gandalf says "to the East I go not," but this is set in the very westerly parts of "East," with huge expanses of more Easty "East" off eastwards. I am stubbornly believing that by "the East" Gandalf means these eastier bits of East, and this adventure in the westy bits of East therefore Doesn't Count. While undergoing his Trial of Manhood, a young boy stumbles upon a wounded man… It was the flies that first betrayed the wounded man. Without the flies, Bedir would never have found him. Would anything have turned out differently if he had not? Perhaps not. That was how he told the story afterwards, anyway, in the dark times when stories were all that was left to them. He would smile ruefully by the camp fire, the movement pulling at the blade scar on his cheek. Faces surrounded him, eyes gleaming in the flickering light. Young men's faces, all, who had never known a settled life. Wolves howled in the darkness beyond the circle of their wains. Later, much later, he would tell it differently again. He was old then, and his braided hair was brittle and grey. He was more than half blind, the fire in the hearth just a faint glow, with dark faceless shapes that passed before it, and stopped, sometimes, and spoke his name. Would anything have turned out differently if he had not seen those flies? Perhaps. "I was young then," he would tell them, brushing paper-dry fingers against their cheeks. "Younger even than you. Young and foolish beneath a fading sky, and the night promised to be so very cold…" An arm's length away, a small cloud of flies scattered, buzzing in irritation. Instinctively Bedir flapped at them, and the back of his hand brushed a spear of tanglethorn, rattling its twigs. His breath caught, and he shrank lower to the ground, his stinging right hand pressed to his mouth. A fly landed on his dangling braid, paused a moment, then flew away. Rising slowly, he took a soft step forward, his back hunched to keep himself from breaking the surface of the field of fronds. Tiny beads of blood were forming in a line on the back of his hand. A fly came to investigate, but moved on, drawn by riper pickings. Riper pickings…? Just as the thought struck him, he saw the blood. There was not much of it, and it was dark and sticky, at least a few hours old. Two flies, bolder than the rest, remained on it, even as he drew close to look. A wounded animal? No, the blood was too high above the ground. High enough for a boy, though… His breathing quickened. He pushed his hair back, but a beadless braid slithered forward again, reminding him of what he had to lose; no, of what he had to gain . He was both hunter and hunted in this game. It could be a trap. It could be. He could not take that risk. A boy, a wounded boy; he would assume it was that. The boy would be as skilled as he was in hunting and in going unseen. More skilled, whispered the small part of him that spoke with a coward's heart. Not as skilled as me, said the part that had already pictured the golden beads of victory threaded through his hair. Where would he go, this rival of his, this wounded boy? The flies scattered again, startled by his sudden movement. He tried a dozen paces in all directions, searching for signs as he had been taught. His quarry was a clever one, that was for sure. Murat, he wondered, or Erdogan? The ground was hard from the unseasonal frost, and showed no tracks. No leaves were bent, no fronds were broken… It was a bird that betrayed the wounded man that second time. Still half fearing a trap, Bedir stood up to his full height, and looked out at the crags beyond the sea of withered brown. He was looking for carrion birds, seeking clues from that. Instead he saw a red-wing alight on the nearest rock, and saw it instantly rise up again, shouting its alarm call. As if something had moved there. As if something was alive there, gone to ground between the leaning mounds of stone. He was both hunter and hunted, but to win, he had to be bold. He covered the ground quickly, but not too fast to cover his tracks, not perfectly, but well enough, or so he hoped. As he neared the crags, he slowed his pace, and dropped down low. By the end, he was crawling. He drew his hunting knife, the blade silent against the soft leather sheath. Movement above him made him crane his neck, but it was just a shrieker bird circling for prey. Go away , he told it, because there is no prey here but mine. It was just as he had thought it would be. The crags were vast blocks of stone, cast on the scrubland like the gaming dice of long-dead giants. Some of the blocks leant in on each other, and at times there were gaps like caves between them. Just as he had thought…? No, just as he remembered . Long ago, he and Murat had made a den here, living on dew and berries for two whole days, until hunger had driven them home. He had forgotten all about that until now, but perhaps Murat had not. Perhaps this was Murat, once friend, now rival… He took a breath; exhaled; took another breath. He had been two nights out in the cold, and had yet to claim a single braid. Knife ready in his hand. Quiet. Quiet. He was against the crag now, his left hand pressed against the cold rock face. The den was three paces away, no sign of disturbance on the ground outside. Two paces. One. His body still ached with the memory of last night's cold, but the knife was slick in his palm. He made no sound. Above him, the shrieker bird screamed and moved on. He turned his head, readying himself, and there was it: a tiny smear of dried blood at shoulder height on the rock. Silent as a wraith, he slipped into the darkness between the crags of stone. He was grabbed almost instantly, a hand across his mouth, another gripping his wrist. He tried to cry out, then remembered how old he was, and tried to fight instead. The hands tightened. He felt his grip slackening; felt the knife beginning to slip from his hands. This was no boy. "You are alone." He thought it was a question, but perhaps it was not. The man's accent was almost like that of the eastern clans, but not quite. The hand left his mouth, but he would not answer. The knife slipped away from him, but he did not hear it fall. "Alone," the man said, "and you are but a boy." "I'm fourteen!" Bedir protested. "This is my Trial of Manhood. After tomorrow, or the day after, or maybe as much as a ten-day span, I'll be a man!" Or cast out. Or disgraced. A serf, a labourer, forced to wear his hair short, with no beads and no blade and no lord to know his name. "A boy," the man said. Outside it was late afternoon on a clouded day. Here in the entrance to the den, it was dark twilight. Two steps further in, it was deep night. Accustomed to the daylight, Bedir's eyes could see very little, but he could see the blade: his own blade in the man's right hand. At least he still had his… "Oh." The sound slipped from his lips, childish, ridiculous. Movement at his hip, and he felt himself being disarmed. "Who are you?" He had not meant to ask that; certainly hadn't meant it to sound like that, like a boy with his voice half unbroken. "No threat to you," the man said, "if you will be no threat to me." His voice was soft, like a peace offering, but there was something about it in the darkness that was close to a command. The blood, Bedir remembered. The blood had brought him here. This man's blood? The hand across his mouth had been so very cold, even as Bedir's own breath had warmed it. Had it trembled? Grey light glinted on the knife blade, and it was steady as any warrior's blade had ever been. "No threat," Bedir said. He would bide his time. If the man was indeed wounded, then Bedir could… What? He had always had teachers, both greybeards and warriors, to show him the way. "Are you… Are you hurt?" he found himself asking. The man withdrew into the darkness. Bedir could hear his breathing, and there was a faint rasp to it, like his grandsire's breathing before he had gone beneath his mound. Cold, his skin had been; so very cold. Wound sickness normally brought heat, fierce enough that a warrior could die of it. Bedir took a step backwards, standing half in the shadow and half in the slanting daylight. Evening was falling fast, and the great rocks grasped the coldness of the night and would not let it go, even when sunlight shone outside. "Do you need…?" The man was a stranger; that much at least could Bedir tell. Strangers who came unbidden into a lord's domain should be bound in chains and dragged to the lord's hall to account for themselves. But his accent was like the accent of the eastern clans, and they were his lord's enemies, rivals in the never-ending trial of manhood that all lords waged. There was silence, nothing but the man's breathing. Bedir had wept to hear his grandsire's final wheezings. Only a child then, he had been: not yet old enough to reside in the boy's house and sleep on boards, nursing blade-blisters on his hands. Only a child. Just four years ago. Only a stupid child. "Do you need any help?" Bedir asked. The man said nothing, but Bedir heard him sitting down. No, he was sliding down against the damp rock face, falling rather than sitting. Bedir began to reach towards him, then drew his hand back. The fading light of the day showed him the thick smears of fresh blood that marred the leather thongs at his wrist, where the man had held him. He almost walked away then. He should not stay here. It would be dark soon, but not so soon that he couldn't get a few more miles in before it was too dark to see, and perhaps a few more miles after that. Had he left a trail? Maybe Murat would remember their old den, and come to find him. This was his third night out in the cold, and his lips were cracked and his fingers were criss-crossed with scratches. This was his Trial of Manhood. Nothing mattered but coming out of it with honour. Nothing mattered but winning the right to abase himself before his lord. Nothing. "What do you have to do," the man asked, "in your Trial of Manhood?" Could the man see his face clearly? Bedir was standing in the entrance to the crevice, outlines by the dying light. His feelings had always been painted clearly on his