Let Us Now Praise Famous Men Faramir has spent his life in the shadow of great men. As a child, he found his heroes in stories. As he grows up, he seeks them in the world outside his window. But when future generations tell their tales of the past, what heroes do they find? This was written for the February 2015 challenge on the LOTR Challenge Community on LJ, which tied in with International Fanworks Day. The challenge was to write a story about somebody in Middle Earth engaging in fannish activity. I was assigned Faramir. When Faramir was four and three-quarters, he fell in love. It was not the first time, of course. In his long life - he would be five on his next birthday! - he had loved so many things: his mother, of course, and Boromir, who was the best, and a small blanket that had once been blue, but had long ago turned grey and ragged, which only made it so much better, and it was horrid when people tried to wash it. (He had fallen out of love with that when he was three and a half, when he'd realised that he was Too Old. Two days later, he'd cried for it back, and kept it for lots and lots more days, but he'd just been a baby then, and now it was banished forever.) There was a kitten, briefly, called Patch, but then she'd scratched his nose and made him cry for ages , and his father had shouted NO MORE CATS! and by the time Faramir recovered enough to say that he loved Patch anyway, even though his nose hurt, Patch had been given away to a stupid guardsman's son who could wiggle his ears. (Faramir couldn't wiggle his ears. He tried. Lots. Boromir could, but Faramir wasn't old enough to be allowed to see him do it yet. Maybe when he was six, but that wouldn't be for ages and ages.) Then there were those lovely sticky cakey things called doughnuts that covered your lips with sugar, even father's when he ate them, which he'd only done once, which wasn't fair, because it was funny when father looked silly. There was jam hidden inside them, and it exploded in a great whoosh! when you bit into it, and sometimes went all over the table! which was funny, although no-one else thought so, except for Boromir. It had been love at first bite. (That's what Boromir said, anyway. It was a clever thing to say, for some reason.) I WON'T EAT ANYTHING ELSE, NOT FOR EVER AND EVER AND EVER! Faramir had shouted, but after three days and twenty-seven doughnuts (he could count all the way to a million now, although he got confused sometimes by seventeen) they suddenly didn't seem so nice. But this was different. This was real . He was almost five now, which was half as old as Boromir, and Boromir was nearly ten, which was almost grown up. Elendil was a grown-up thing. Elendil wasn't a sticky doughnut. Elendil was amazing ! His mother told him the story first, of course. Mother told the best stories, better than Nurse, because she cuddled him as she told them, and her hair smelled like flowers after rain. "We are drawn to him in Dol Amroth, you see," she had explained, "because he was a seafarer, like us." And then she sighed, and looked at the window, which was silly, because there was nothing there, not even birds. (Faramir liked birds. A sparrow had once eaten seed right out of his hand . Boromir had never had a sparrow eat seeds out of his hand.) Elendil was a king. Faramir knew what a king was. A king was the best and most special sort of person. Once, playing hide and seek with Boromir (Boromir was now Too Old for hide and seek, which made Faramir sad), Faramir had hidden behind the manure pile in the guests' stable (Phew! Stinky!) and had heard the visitors talking about the kings who used to be in charge in Gondor but went and got lost, and nothing had been quite so good ever since. He'd asked Boromir about it, but his father had heard him and gone grim and grumpy and told him to stop talking nonsense. The visitors had gone away just after that. Elendil had been one of those old kings of Gondor, Faramir knew that. "Did he get lost, too?" Faramir had asked his mother, because that's what kings did, but she had shaken her head, and said that no, he died. "Like that bullfinch we found the other day?" Faramir had asked. "Like Grandfather Ecthelion?" (He couldn't remember his grandfather, but his mother always said that he had loved Faramir very much indeed. Faramir had been a tiny little baby then, all shrivelled and squally and he couldn't even talk , which was so funny to think about.) "Yes," his mother told him. "Yes, like them." She held him tight, and looked sad, but that couldn't be right, because grown-ups didn't get sad. You never saw a grown-up bawling or hurling themselves onto the carpet under the table and screaming. She told him lots more, of course, and Nurse told him other things, and so did the ladies in the Houses of Healing, who called him 'sweetie' and patted him on the head and gave him peaches to eat, and sometimes strawberries. (Strawberries were the best.) Elendil had come from the sea, and he was very tall. ("Yes, sweetie, even taller than your pa. Ah, bless him! See how amazed he looks! Doesn't think anyone in the world can be as tall as Lord Denethor.") He had stood up against Very Bad Men and had escaped from an enormous wave that was really big and scary. He'd brought wonderful things with him, like the white tree that Faramir had never paid much attention to before, but now thought was wonderful, too. And then there were battles; great, huge battles... Boromir told him all about those. Boromir liked battles. Boromir was allowed to use a real metal sword, but only in practice, and he had to give it back to the master-at-arms afterwards, which wasn't fair, and he grumbled about it to Faramir all the time . Swinging an imaginary sword around, Boromir told Faramir all about the blood and the chopped-off limbs and the mud and the poo and the screaming. "Not Elendil!" Faramir gasped. He was too shocked even the snigger at the word 'poo,' or not much. "Mostly the enemy," Boromir said. "But Elendil died. He died in battle. Isildur's better. Isildur defeated the Enemy. Isildur didn't die. Not then, anyway." "Elendil's the best!" Faramir screamed, clenched his fists, and he ran away, and for the next few weeks, he made up stories about Elendil the king, who was even taller than father ! He ran into battle at Elendil's side, a loyal page. He saved Elendil's life and Elendil gave him a kitten, no, ten kittens all for his very own, and a real metal sword, and smiled at him as proudly as father smiled at Boromir. Faramir measured himself against the door-frame, standing as tall as he could on his tippy-toes, and longed to grow as big as Elendil. He played battles with Boromir's toy soldiers, and when they kept on falling over, which was boring, he lined them up and made them listen to all the wonderful stories he made up. "Elendil was a indeed a very great king," the new tutor told him. (The new tutor came from Dol Amroth. Faramir's mother had asked him specially to come and teach Faramir, and Boromir, too, although Boromir liked sword lessons better. She was poorly, but she'd be better by Faramir's birthday, of course she would, and that was very soon now, just eight more sleeps. He'd be five. In five more years, he'd be the same age as Boromir.) "You can find out more about him in the scrolls in the archives, and there are other heroes, too: great kings…" His eyes flickered briefly towards Faramir's father, which was stupid, because his father was never interested in what Faramir was doing. "Great stewards," the tutor said. " More stories?" Faramir's eyes went wide. "Fewer than once there were," his tutor said, "but more than any one man can ever tell." "More even than mother knows?" His father looked up at that, just for a moment, then looked away. "More than anyone," his tutor said. "Then I'd better get started," Faramir said, rolling up his sleeves as he'd seen Boromir do before sword practice, "if I'm going to read them all." Then he bit his lip, struck with a sudden fear. "Have they got long words in? I'm not very good at long words yet, just things like 'cat.' Because I'm little, " he explained, in case the tutor was inclined to think less of him. "I'll be good at long words when I'm six ." "Quite a lot of long words, I'm afraid," the tutor chuckled, "but I can help you with them." "Good," Faramir said. " Good ." Faramir was curled up in the window-seat, an open book lying half forgotten on his lap. People passed to and fro below him in the courtyard, and he watched them, resting against the glass. He did a lot of watching now. He was almost fourteen: too old for playing, but not yet old enough to play a man's part, or so his father had decreed. It had been different for Boromir five years ago, of course, but that was only right. Boromir was different. Footsteps sounded behind him, accompanied by the swish-swish sound of long robes on the floor. "Mithrandir!" Faramir scrabbled upright. The book fell from his lap, and landed face down. He hurried to retrieve it, and smoothed its buckled pages straight. His fingers felt clumsy. He felt clumsy all the time now, his body growing in ways he didn't know how to control. "Faramir." Mithrandir greeted him with his usual smile. He didn't rebuke Faramir for his carelessness with the precious book. "I have come to say goodbye." "Goodbye?" Faramir gasped. His voice cracked, as it so often did nowadays. (Boromir had never suffered like this. Boromir's voice had turned into a man's voice overnight when he was younger than Faramir was now.) "But you've only been here for three…" His treacherous voice grated like a dying man's. He tried again. "It's father, isn't it? He's sending you away." "Your lord father has extended his usual welcome." Mithrandir's eyes twinkled. They both knew what that meant. "In truth, I have been called away by tidings ." Dark tidings, Faramir knew he meant. Just a year before, he might not have known that. Just a year before, too, he might have protested: but, Mithrandir, we've hardly had any time to talk! You promised to teach me… oh so many things! But he was fourteen now, or almost. He was no longer a child, to deem his own desires more important than the rest of the world. Mithrandir was a very important person indeed; Faramir had always sensed that, even though Mithrandir wore such raggy clothes, nothing like the great ones in stories. Faramir was lucky to have even just scraps of his attention, like a dog fed at the table by his master's hand. "But I have some moments before I must depart." Mithrandir settled himself down on the window seat with a sigh. "Was it studying that I interrupted, or dreaming?" "Dreaming," Faramir admitted, but what was he dreaming of? He wasn't really sure. He so seldom was, nowadays, on the cusp of being a man. He remembered his childhood adoration of Elendil, but although he still honoured Elendil greatly - who in Gondor did not? - his enthusiasm had failed to survive the dark days of his mother's death. Only in dreams