The Master and the King This was written for Back to Middle Earth Month 2015, and was posted to LJ back in March. It was written for the following prompt by Dreamflower: "We know that Éomer wrote to Merry at the end of his life, but it seems logical they would have had other correspondence over the years. It would be really neat to see the letters exchanged between the Lord of the Mark and the Master of Buckland." The Master and the King by Targon Fletcher, Fellow of the University of Fornost, published in First Century Studies, vol. 129, part 4 (F.A. 2734) Meriadoc the Magnificent is a popular figure of folklore in the north-west parts of the kingdom, especially in the region once known as Buckland. That he was real is indubitable. However, in common with other popular heroes, his story has grown with the telling. Over the centuries, his story has seen a gradual accretion of fanciful tales and marvellous anecdotes. He has been credited with buildings that did not exist until five hundred years after his death, and with quirky geological features that are unarguably natural. To the drinkers in the pubs of Brandihale, well into their cups, all such stories are true, and they will fight anyone who dares say otherwise. At the other extreme, we find those historians, self-styled revisionists, who claim that Meriadoc, like the equally famed Thain Peregrin, was just a wealthy, well-travelled hobbit with a gift for self-publicity, flogging lies and exaggerations to the credulous stay-at-homes. Because some of the deeds associated with him are demonstrably false, they argue, then all are. A main pillar of their "evidence" is the oft-cited claim that Meriadoc regularly exchanged letters with the great King Éomer of Rohan. Such a claim is absurd, they declare, for no such letters remain in the archives of Rohan. (Said archives are scant, since Rohan at that time was still largely an oral culture, but this does not deter the revisionists.) They concede that Meriadoc and his friends feature strongly in the contemporary records of Gondor, where several sources laud their deeds and go as far as to claim that they were close friends of King Elessar. However, at the centre of these accounts is a classic biased source: the "Thain's Book," a copy of the now-lost Red Book of Westmarch, delivered to Gondor by Thain Peregrin himself. Of course such an account would emphasise and exaggerate the role of these hobbits, they say. The present author has some sympathy with their claims. The drinkers of Brandihale apart, few now would believe the tales of vast armies of walking, talking trees, for example: at best a metaphor, at worst just a fairy tale. But in common with most reputable historians, I have always believed that these revisionist historians have gone too far in their desire to be cynical and modern. Some of the tales have a basis in truth, and some do not. Untangling which tale is which has been the central challenge of my academic career. Which brings us to this present article. Two years ago, Brandihale Hall was sold by its impecunious owners, and bought by the state, with the intention of opening it to the public. It turned out that instead of a hall, they had acquired a time capsule: a warren of sealed-up rooms deep beneath the hill; dust-covered chambers still furnished in the style of our grandfathers; and a muniments room full of ancient scrolls and old letters, untouched for hundreds of years. In was in this room that a series of chests was discovered. Upon investigation, they were found to contain countless bundles of the correspondence of Meriadoc the Magnificent. The letters contain enough material to fuel a lifetime of scholarship, and have the potential to transform our understanding of so many aspects of first century history. Fortunately for the historian, Meriadoc was in the habit of writing his letters in draft before making his final copy and seems to have returned from his travels with the instincts of an archivist, and kept everything, even aborted drafts of letters that were never sent. Analysis has barely begun, but here is a "sneak preview," as the theatre-men would say: a small selection from the first bundle of letters exchanged between Meriadoc Brandybuck and King Éomer of Rohan - yes, King Éomer of Rohan, despite the claims of the revisionists. 1. Éomer to Meriadoc, T.A. 3021 From Éomer King, Lord of the Eorlingas, to Sir Holdwine of the Mark, prince of the holbytla, greetings. Éomer King wishes you well, Sir Holdwine, and invites you to share in his present happiness. For he is to be wed upon the first day of Weodmonath to the Lady Lothíriel of Dol Amroth, and desires all his friends to partake in his joy. He regrets that the leagues that separate you are too great for you to attend, but you will be in his thoughts. His sister, Lady Éowyn of the Shield-Arm, has told him that your people give gifts on their own special days, so he sends these gifts to you, Sir Holdwine, on the joyous occasion of his own wedding. For he and his people owe you a great debt which can never be repaid and will never be forgotten as long as there are songs, and men to sing them. 2. Meriadoc to Éomer, S.R 1422 (F.A. 1) [The following letter contains many crossings-out, most of which have not been replicated here, and much idle doodling: flowers, leaves and horses. It was apparently never sent. ] From Meriadoc Brandybuck of Buckland to King Éomer King, Lord of the Eorlingas, greetings. Thank you for your letter. Meriadoc Brandybuck sends his thanks to I am delighted to hear about your wedding, my lord. If by Weodmonath you mean the month that we call Wedmath, then your wedding is half a year past, and your letter took many months to reach me. I believe it travelled the Greenway with no more than the usual inevitable delays and tumbles, but it was once the king's couriers handed it over to hobbits that the problems began. It spent a month in Bree, where they scratched their heads and wondered who on earth this "Sir Holdwine of the Mark " might be and where he lived, and then another month being passed from pillar to post throughout Buckland and the Shire. It arrived strangely stained; I believe it took a tumble in the Brandywine at some point. I don't expect you will write again, but if you do, can I request that you tell your scribe - it was written by your scribe, was it not? - to address it to Meriadoc Brandybuck of Crickhollow, which is where Pippin and I are living for now. It will avoid some confusion. Thank you for Meriadoc Brandybuck would like to thank I don't know how to write to a king. My father ensured that I was taught all those things a well-brought-up gentlehobbit needs to know. I can write letters to grocers and tenants; to great-uncles and aunts; to the Mayor and the Thain. He didn't teach me how to write to a king. I apologise for any breach of etiquette. I have probably committed them with every word. Thank you for the gifts. There, I've said it: a simple hobbit way without any flourishes. The barrel of mead survived the tumble in the Brandywine very well, and was dragged out by three boatmen with nets. Pippin and I served it at one of our parties. We hold a lot of parties nowadays. The younger hobbits like them very much, although the older ones sniff loudly with disapproval, while quietly wishing they were invited. (They are, of course. We turn nobody away.) They seem to think we're something marvellous. And it's good to be home, because this is our place. I felt that so strongly at the worst of times. But now… I'm home now, back where I belong, but sometimes we stand there in the middle of one of our parties and we know that, for all the noise and all the toasts and all the attention, nobody else really understands. Frodo's gone, you see. Did you know that? It was all about Frodo. It was always about Frodo. Pippin, Sam and I, we only got involved because we were going with Frodo. He and Sam endured so much more than us. Frodo should be the one standing on a table receiving the toasts of an exuberant crowd (a crowd, I should admit, somewhat the worse for your very kind gift of mead) but he couldn't… He's gone. But this letter is too long already. I appreciate your letter, but you aren't interested in the ramblings of a small hobbit from so far away. So I'll finish with a gift of my own. Éowyn is half right, because on our birthdays, we do indeed give gifts as well as receive them, but on our weddings, we only receive them. So please accept the accompanying barrels as a belated wedding present from the far-off land of the hobbits. I wish you every happiness, Éomer King. [ The text above has been crossed out with a single line. The paragraph below is presumably an early draft of the letter which was eventually sent. ] From Meriadoc Brandybuck to Éomer King, Lord of the Eorlingas, greetings! Meriadoc Brandybuck wishes to thank Éomer King for his kind letter and his gift of a barrel of mead, which we greatly enjoyed was greatly enjoyed by him and his friends. Thank you He thanks you for your kind invitation, and regrets that the letter was delayed on its journey, meaning that he only found out about the wedding many months after it had happened. (Should you write again, he humbly requests that you address it to Meriadoc Brandybuck of Crickhollow in Buckland.) He sends you a gift to go with these words, and hopes that it gives you and your people as much joy as it gives us to him and his. 3. Éomer to Meriadoc, F.A. 2 From Éomer King, Lord of the Eorlingas, to Meriadoc Brandybuck of Crickhollow in Buckland, greetings. Éomer King thanks you for your kind gift. He wishes you to know that when he told Elessar King what you had sent, the King of Mundburg laughed and shook his head and sent that you had sent him a precious gift indeed, but one which he might have cause to regret. He wishes you to know that he put a pinch of your gift into one of the pipes that you sent him and set it smouldering, only to cough mightily for many a long minute. His queen, he is sorry to say, does not like it, but some of those who share in the hospitality of his hall have grown inordinately fond of this Leaf of the Long Bottom. He understands that a merchant of Edoras will be contacting you before the year is out to establish a regular supply. As for the "barrel of mead" of which you make mention, Éomer King wishes you to know that he sent six barrels, and six barrels did indeed cross the borders of his realm. He sends you five more barrels, in the hope that at least three of them reach you: one for you, Sir Holdwine, one for Sir Peregrin of Mundburg, and one for Master Samwise, for he has learnt from Queen Arwen that Master Frodo has departed these shores, and with him gone the Third Age of our world. 4. Meriadoc to Éomer, S.R. 1424 (F.A. 3) [ Another early draft, of which the final form is unknown .] From Meriadoc Brandybuck to Éomer King, Lord of the Eorlingas, greetings! Thank you for the barrels of mead, of which four arrived safely. I wonder where the fifth barrel went! Shall we trace the path that your gift took? If I read the directions