Of Spices and Stewed Goat This was written for the January potluck challenge on LOTR Community Challenges on LJ. The challenge was to write a Recipe Fic about a special occasion. I chose to write about stew. The recipe is included at the end. The harsh laugh of a green woodpecker rang out from the dense trees, followed by the grating cry of a jay. Together they signalled danger. Somebody was coming. Faramir damped down the fire, and snatched up his sword. Bending low, he passed through the tangle of shrubs that covered the fallen archway. The smell of smoke followed him, but it could not be helped. He picked his way carefully through the wind-fallen apples. Lichen-covered branches clawed at his cloak, and when he paused to tug himself free, another apple fell. A blackbird shouted an alarm call, a real bird this time. Damp leaves brushed against his cheek. The woodpecker laughter came again, high and fast. No jay call followed it. Faramir adjusted his path accordingly. He skirted the old coppice of oak trees, where acorns crunched beneath unwary feet. A thicket of hawthorn delayed him. By the time he had rounded the thorns, it was all over. The intruder was hooded, wrapped against the light rain. His gloved hands were held up, claiming that he posed no threat. Half-hidden by the trees, Mablung and Damrod held him pinned between them, grey-feathered arrows aimed at his heart. Then the hooded head moved in just such a way, a way that Faramir had never before realised that he recognised. Cold dread sheeted through him. Boromir. This was Boromir. Why would Boromir leave his command and come out here alone, unless he had devastating news? Was it...? Is it father? Faramir thought, and almost said it, too, his lips moving without a sound. Faramir stepped forward. "Stand down!" His voice was crisp. Unseen, his hands were shaking. Boromir pushed his hood back, showing a stony face with eyes that glinted. "Four times, now, have I been stopped and threatened with death along the way. Tell me, brother, why do your men keep trying to kill me?" It was enough. Faramir hid his relief, although his heart was still racing. "They are acting on my orders. I am plotting to do away with you and usurp your position, of course." Boromir was first to laugh; he always was. Rushing forward, he grabbed Faramir into a fierce one-armed embrace and slapped him repeatedly on the back. Faramir laughed too, but his laugh was quieter, and lasted less long. When it faded, he was quiet for a while, and then he asked, "But why are you here, Boromir?" Boromir held him at arm's length, his hands gripping Faramir's upper arms. His mouth still quirked with the echo of his laughter, but his eyes were suddenly serious. "How could I be anywhere else?" Things went badly in Osgiliath, and if this was an aching worry to Faramir, to Boromir it cut like a sword blade. Boromir liked to command from the front, and when his duties took him to quieter places, he chafed to return to the thick of the action. When he was wounded, he dragged himself to the guard house and the practice field, where he could recuperate in a place of clashing weapons and fierce, loud soldiery. No matter where he was spotted on the field of campaign, he was always surrounded by people, always at the heart of things. "But the armies..." Faramir protested. Boromir flapped a hand dismissively. "Others can hold the reins in my absence." It was said lightly, but Faramir knew his brother too well to be deceived by it. All laughter drained from him. Fine rain seeped through his hood, cold against the back of his neck. "Why?" he asked quietly. Boromir blinked. His brow furrowed in confusion, perhaps even hurt. "Because it is your thirtieth birthday. Did you think I would leave it unmarked?" "Oh." Faramir let out a shaky breath. Time was marked differently in the wilds. Today was the sixth day of the northern ranging, and the fourth since the southern patrol had gone out. The wild apple trees would provide food for one more week, and the field mushrooms would be edible in a few more days. Such things mattered. The date did not. "Is it?" Faramir managed. "I forgot." "Fancy forgetting!" cried Boromir, who had doubtless forgotten many of his own birthdays while out on campaign. "Just as well I came, then." He threw his arm across Faramir's shoulders. "But you are hard to find, buried out here in the wilds." "That is rather the point," said Faramir with a smile. It was lost, as such things often were, in the unstoppable rush of Boromir's good humour. "I was stopped four times, invisible men suddenly shouting at me from the trees. When they saw who I was, they apologised, but only grudgingly, I think, as if they privately thought I deserved anything I got for daring to enter Ithilien without your leave." Mablung and Damrod had retreated back to their hiding places; Faramir could see them only because he knew where to look. He wondered if their arrows were still nocked to their bow strings. "They are..." "Loyal to you," Boromir said. "As they should be. It gladdens my heart to see it, for it is no more than you deserve. My men would do the same if you came unannounced to the forward guard post outside Osgiliath." My men . Boromir used the phrase unthinkingly, as if it was only right and proper, but surely they should all be first and foremost Gondor's men? Under a different sort of steward, perhaps they would be. "But they told me where to find you," Boromir continued. "They said you were cooking for the scouting parties." "I was," Faramir said, startled into laughter by the expression on Boromir's face. "I am, and I must return to it." He headed back into the thicket. Habit made his steps silent, and there was no sound but the twittering of goldcrests in the branches and the gentle whisper of leaves. Was Boromir...? Faramir turned round, and there was Boromir, still behind him, moving as silently as a Ranger with twenty years in the wild. In public, Boromir was quick with loud laughter and quick, too, with shouted commands. He was more at home in a crowded barrack-room than a library; more suited for the loud clash of battle than the stealth and solitude of a Ranger's life. But he had a quiet side, too, and Faramir was the only one who ever saw it. They passed beneath the apple trees, and pushed through the trailing shrubs. Once inside, Faramir prodded the fire to rouse the flames. The fat in the pan was still warm, but no longer sizzling. "What is this place?" Boromir was peeling off his cloak, brushing away the fine raindrops. He had already removed a pack from his back, its leather surface dark with rain. "An old smallholding, abandoned long ago." Picking up his knife, Faramir turned his attention to the onions. "Over the years, Rangers have kept an eye on it, and given the vegetable garden just enough tending to keep it from running completely wild. A man can get tired of eating foraged food when out in the wilds." "A defensible location, too." Boromir went from one window to the next, and clapped his hand against the wall, sounding the thickness of the old stone. "Well hidden by the trees, and with a few guards in the woods, you can control the approaches." Faramir's knife blade moved swiftly through the onions. He wiped his eyes with the heel of his hand. "I keep meaning to find out who used to live here, and when they left, and what happened to them. There might be something in the Archives to tell me. Or maybe not. So many people leave no trace - no name, no memories... just these, the fruit and vegetables that they planted, and cherished, and lost." Boromir was aiming an imaginary bow from the back window. "Two dozen men could hole up here, if they had to." "But we eat the fruits of their garden," Faramir said, "and so they are not entirely forgotten." Boromir squatted down beside him. "Cooking!" he said with a chuckle. "Why?" "We take turns when out on patrol." The fat was spitting. Faramir removed the pan from the heat, holding it carefully with both hands. "But you are their Captain," Boromir protested. "And you are Captain of the White Tower," said Faramir, "but you fight on the front lines and drink with the common soldiers and even do your own scouting, at times." "But I do not clean latrines. I can cook up basic survival rations, if I have to, but cooking for all the men...?" Boromir shook his head from side to side, frowning. Bent over his work, Faramir smiled to himself. "I enjoy it," he confessed. He knew what he would see when he looked up, and sure enough, he saw it. Boromir wore the same expression he had worn long ago, when a seven year old Faramir had declared that he would rather stay inside and read than go out and fight with wooden swords. But Boromir was no longer a child, and this time he did not respond with harsh mockery. "But..." He shook his head again, but clearly decided to accept his brother's preference, strange as it might seem to him. "What are you cooking?" "Stewed goat," Faramir said. "A feral descendant of the flocks that were once kept here." Boromir dragged his pack towards him. "Remember that stew you used to love so much when we were children? You asked for it on your fifth birthday, I remember." "Lamb and cinnamon, stewed in red wine." Faramir smiled. Onion juice pricked at his eyes. "Served with... what was it called?" Boromir started to unfasten the buckles. "Yogurt," Faramir said, "with crushed garlic." "Yogurt." Boromir let out a breath. Faramir saw him close his eyes, just for a moment. "I had forgotten that. We used to have it quite often." His intonation showed that he had not intended to end the sentence there. Before, it should have ended. Before mother died. Their mother had been a daughter of Dol Amroth, and even in those war-torn, faded years, ships had come to Dol Amroth with food and fabrics from distant places. Their mother had brought strange foods to the Citadel, things that had never been eaten there before. After she died, such foods were gone again. Boromir and Faramir quickly learned not to ask for them, or even to mention them. "You should make it today," Boromir said. "Let us eat it, and remember the old days. I… find myself doing that more and more, as time goes by." Faramir stirred the flames. Boromir's face was cast in fire and shadow. He almost responded to Boromir's last words, but decided not to; Boromir liked his reflective moments to pass by unremarked. "Do you have the recipe?" "Recipe?" Boromir frowned in confusion. Faramir laughed. "You cannot fool me, brother. You know little of cookery, but you are not as ignorant as all that. You know what a recipe is. You know that I cannot recreate from memory a meal that I last ate when I was five years old. Besides, I have none of the ingredients." "You have goat," Boromir pointed out. "True," Faramir agreed, "but the recipe, which I do not have , calls for lamb." "Lamb. Goat." Boromir flapped his hand. "Does it matter? They both have cloven feet and go baa!" "Goats go mehh!" Faramir corrected him, imitating the sound perfectly. He had to struggle to remain impassive in the face of Boromir's blatant astonishment. "It is a skill we Rangers have to possess. We send messages in bird calls and animal noises. I do the best goat