To Kill a King In a city of old ruins, an assassin lies in wait for the man he has been paid a fortune to kill. This was written for the February 2014 Teitho challenge on the theme of "Temptation." It placed first. What was the price of a man's life? Raenor was kneeling in the shadowed corner, holding his longbow in one hand. With the other hand, he gripped the rich jewel that hung around his neck, his thumb running up and down its ornate chain. There were other jewels in the pouch at his belt, and a casket of gold lay safely hidden, far away. More treasures, far more, would be his by the end of the day if his arrow flew true. He could smell flowers and green leaves, their scent incongruous in this place of dead stone. People had hung the old ruins with garlands and decorated the fallen statues with lilies and river rushes. Raenor glanced out, his cheek pressing against the coarse window frame. People were lining the streets, patiently waiting in the sunshine, but although the smell of flowers was strong, the smell of dust was stronger. His fingers smelled of oil and metal and blood, the smell of death. His hand returned to the chain around his neck. He thought of gold. He filled his mind with the image of it, with the gleam of it, with the feel of it. He remembered how his brother's widow had smiled when he had given her the first of the dark man's coins. He imagined his mother, safe and secure for the first time since the Pelennor. He longed for his payment. He hungered for it. All he had to do was kill one man. In war, they wanted you to kill people. They praised you for it. They rewarded you for it. They called you a hero if you killed many. They called you a coward if you turned your back and refused to fight. If your lord, on a whim, decreed that a man was your enemy, you were expected to kill him. If you killed a man on your own account, cutting his throat in the back streets of Minas Tirith, then your life was forfeit and you were reviled. Just one arrow. Just one life. Raenor had sent his arrows through half a hundred hearts when he had served as a Ranger in Ithilien. He had killed. He had been praised for it, admired for it, until... He shook his head briskly, driving that memory away. His hand gripped the jewel, its smooth facets warm and moist against his palm. Outside, the crowds were gathering, and snatches of their conversation rose up to his vantage point far above. Brightness sparkled on their hair. The sun was behind him, and he could see so many details: their smiles; their simple jewellery, proudly worn; the pale lilies in their hands. It was almost time. He strung his bow, and waited. What was the price of a man's life? What was the price of a king's? It had started with a deer. After another night with too little sleep and too many dark and fractured dreams, Raenor had been out at dawn, his longbow in his hand. Wood pigeons had been calling to each other from the trees, and the grass had been heavy with dew. A fine mist had drifted up from the river overnight, and the whole world, with its fields and orchards and distant mountains, had looked like layers of faded smoke. The deer had been nearly invisible, grazing with its head down, just a dark grey smudge against the pale line of mist-shrouded trees. Raenor had watched it, strung his bow, and taken aim. Releasing an arrow was the smallest, simplest of things: just a quick uncurling of the fingers, with no other movement, not even a breath. The arrow flew true, but the deer startled at the last moment, darting away into the fog. And then the stranger was there, rising from the mist like a ghost. Raenor watched him approach, while something inside him screamed danger. Without consciously deciding to do so, he nocked another arrow to the string, and stood ready. It took a very long time for the man to close the gap between them. He stopped a sword's length away from Raenor, but even that close, there was little colour about him, with his dark cloak and dark boots and hanks of dark hair escaping from his hood. "That was a good shot," the dark-clad stranger said. He had a slight accent, something Raenor could not place. Raenor's bow was pointed half downwards, the arrow tip aimed just next to the man's feet. "I would have hit the deer," Raenor said, "if you hadn't startled it." "I know." The man nodded in acknowledgement. He held Raenor's arrow out to him, its shaft bright with dew. "A good shot, did I say? Nay, it was a masterful shot, at such a distance, and in such poor light." Raenor relaxed the bow string, easing it inwards. Not so many years ago, he had heard comments like this on a daily basis. His comrades had clapped him on the back. His captain had praised him. With the longbow, he had been the acknowledged master, and his friends had proudly declared that nobody in Gondor was his equal. "I have seldom seen your like," the dark man said. And that was the beginning, the start of it all. Time was passing. Raenor shifted uncomfortably in the dust, and watched the slow movement of shadows. He needed the sun behind him. When he took aim, his target would be singled out by sunlight, but anyone looking up at his hiding place would be dazzled by the sun and unable to see him against its brightness. Was that the sound of distant trumpets? Raenor strung his bow. His hands were shaking. Why were his hands shaking? It was a bad thing, really bad. He scraped one palm and then the other across the front of his jerkin, wiping away the sweat, trying to gouge away the nervousness. This was nothing, he told himself. It was just one life. It was the life of a king, yes, but what was a king but a man? Just an ordinary man, no better than anyone else. A man not from Gondor, but from the north. A man who had spent most of his life dressed in rags and sleeping in ditches, or so the stories said. A man whose claim to the throne came from an accident of birth and a distant ancestor, long since dead. He gripped the jewel, and tried to fill his mind with visions of riches. Far below, on the ruined streets of Osgiliath, a child turned to look up at his window. Raenor's heart was racing. He drew back into the shadows. His lips tasted dust. Not long now, he told himself. Not long now. The offer had not come immediately, of course. The dark man had walked home with him, and stayed for hours, offering friendship and good conversation. In return, Raenor had told the man about his past: about his two years with the Rangers, and even, a little, about the way it had all ended, in betrayal and shame. His brother's widow had watched it all anxiously, chewing her cracked lips and tugging at a loose lock of her hair. That was when the dark man had made his first gift, slipping coins into Raenor's pocket, and patting them conspiratorially. Raenor should give her the coins the next day, he suggested, and tell her he'd earned them honestly. "Earned them how?" Raenor had asked. "Selling rabbits?" the dark man suggested. His shrug was casual, but within the shadows of his hood, his eyes were glinting. "Many rewards are available for a master bowman in times such as these." Raenor was not a stupid man. He realised in that moment that he was being courted for some task, but it pleased him to allow it to happen, in case the prize was worth it. Any doubts were dispelled by his sister-in-law's delight at the coins. She had not smiled since the king's armies had returned from the Black Gate, and her husband had not returned with them. Even so, it was weeks before the offer was spoken out loud. Raenor let himself be plied with drinks. He spoke openly and honestly about the bitter struggle that was his life. He needed money. He had been bitterly wronged by his country, and owed them nothing. He had killed: orcs, Haradrim, Easterlings, it was true, but they were all the same when you killed them: creatures that lived and breathed, until you brought all that to an end. The offer, when it came, was quiet, on a bitter night without a moon. Raenor had half expected it, or so he had told himself. Even so, when it came, he stood in silence for a very long time, while an owl screeched somewhere out in the black. The king, he thought, but he did not say it out loud. To kill the king. He had never been so aware of the beating of his own heart. The dark man was just a shape in the darkness, and a pale smear of skin beneath his hood. His head was tilted in mild challenge. Raenor had no doubt that his hand lay on the hilt of his sword, beneath that dark cloak that he always wore. "You have questions?" His voice was soft. Raenor swallowed hard. His questions, when he asked them, were not about the why of it, but about the how. He did not ask why the king had to die, or why he had been chosen to do the killing. He did not ask about the rights and wrongs of it. He asked just two questions: what would he be paid, and how he would live to enjoy his reward, after the deed was done. The rope was in place behind him, offering a swift exit and a happy ending. Raenor had chosen his vantage point well. It was a tall tower beside the river, the tallest that still remained in Osgiliath. Half of this upper floor was gone, and much of the stairway had crumbled, but Raenor had always been fearless. He had scrambled to the top, then attached a rope to the rear window. Once the deed was done, he would slide down the rope, and take to the sheltering ruins of the old quays. He had planted a boat half a mile downstream. He would reach it quickly and be away while the guards were still closing their useless trap around the empty tower. Nothing could go wrong, he told himself. The treasure was safely hidden, in a place that only he knew, although he hidden a letter that would tell his brother's widow where to find it if the unthinkable happened, and he failed to return. When the deed was done, a far greater treasure would be given into his hands. It would change everything. It would erase all those years of bitterness, of betrayal, of unrelenting, grinding struggle to survive. He would change his world. "Soon," he whispered, dry lips moving in the still air. "So very soon." He drew an arrow from his quiver, and set it to the bowstring. Long ago, long before any of this, Raenor's skill with a bow had been spotted and nurtured. His grandfather had taken him hunting, out in the meadows of Lossarnach. In Minas Tirith, later, he had joined the militia, and then had been chosen as a Ranger. He had killed, and he had killed often: orcs and enemies, and food for the pot. People told him that he served his country well, although that was not why he did it. They told him he served his captain, and that was closer to the