Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters of J. R. R. Tolkien, nor any of the various dramatic incarnations thereof. No profit is being made from this work. Foreword Hello, and welcome to this story! I think this is the first time I've written a direct sequel to one of my other stories. This one takes place eleven years after the War of the Ring, and about six months after the end of an earlier story called The Rise of the House of Telcontar. That one is not too terribly long if you want to read it. I don't think you'll be completely lost if you don't read it, though. Briefly, Aragorn had an impromptu trade summit with one Lord Ghayur of Harad. They agreed to keep an eye on each other, then resume their negotiations one year later. That time has now arrived. I should warn that this story will involve people doing cruel and violent things to others. If you want to stop reading, I will not be offended. I think that's all I want to say for right now. Enjoy the story, and I will see you at the end. 1. In The Evening Of The Day It had been an unusually long day. Diplomatic correspondence had eaten up much of Aragorn's time, leaving him nervous and frustrated. He was good at diplomacy, but loathed drafting and revising the lengthy formal letters that the art appeared to require. It was difficult enough when his correspondent was Éomer of Rohan, a man he was honored to call a friend. However, today's correspondence had been with Ghayur, Lord of Harad, whose intentions toward Gondor were far from clear. The twin efforts of trying to divine all the possible layers of meaning from Ghayur's elaborate writing style and then composing a reply that was courteous and informative without revealing anything of substance had left Aragorn with a sour stomach and a massive headache building just behind his right eye. He was therefore far less than appreciative at the sight that greeted his eyes as he walked into the royal suite. "What do you think?" Arwen asked, presenting their six-month-old daughter Ninniach for inspection. Aragorn stared at the baby, unable to do much more than blink. Ninniach wore a little yellow dress so covered in frills and lace that it had to have come from somewhere near the Shire. A tuft of her fine dark hair, which had only recently grown in enough to show, had been gathered up on top of her head and tied with a large yellow bow. The Princess of Gondor stared open-mouthed at her father, and a thick ribbon of drool spilled over her chin and down onto the ruffled dress. Aragorn glanced from Princess to Queen and said the first thing that came to mind. "She looks like a startled Hobbit." As soon as the words left his mouth, he was mortified, but Arwen burst out laughing. "You are right," she said. "That is exactly what she looks like." She bounced Ninniach, who giggled along with her mother. "Is that not true, baby? Does Ada's little girl look like a startled Hobbit? Yes, she does." Aragorn reached over and took Ninniach into his arms, kissing Arwen's temple as he did so. "And how did Ada's little girl come to look like a startled Hobbit, if I may be so bold?" "The dress is a gift from Sam Gamgee," Arwen explained. "The package arrived today, so I tried it on Ninniach to see if it would fit her." Aragorn examined Ninniach again. It was difficult to say if the dress fitted underneath the frills. As far as he could determine, it covered her body while leaving her plenty of room to squirm, as did the rest of her clothing. "Do you think it fits?" he asked. "It is big enough that she will be able to wear it for several months while she grows." Arwen smothered a fresh round of laughter at Aragorn's horrified expression. "Do not fear," she said. "Ninniach will not have many occasions to wear this before she grows out of it." "Good." Aragorn held Ninniach above his head and jiggled her. "Ada's little girl must hurry and grow big and strong so she can stop wearing so many ruffles without hurting the feelings of good Mayor Gamgee." "Good Mayor Gamgee need never know if Ninniach wears this dress again or not," Arwen laughed. "I will put it away, to keep it fresh and lovely against the day Mayor Gamgee decides to visit us here in Gondor. And that day may never come, at least not while Ninniach is still small enough to wear the dress." "Then I hope that Mayor Gamgee finds plenty of business to occupy him in the Shire," Aragorn said. Ninniach, sensing that she was no longer the subject of the conversation, reached up and grabbed at her father's nose. Aragorn caught her hand and kissed it, then pretended to gobble up the fingers. Ninniach squealed with laughter. "I think that someone is hungry," Arwen said. "And that someone should not wear fine new clothes from the Shire while she eats, for she enjoys her food too much." Grateful for the excuse, Aragorn carried Ninniach to the window seat, laid her down, and examined the dress to locate its fastenings. He pulled the ruffled dress off of his daughter and draped a plain muslin tabard over her head. Arwen arranged the pillows on the great bed, reclined, and began to unlace the bodice of her gown. Aragorn placed the baby in her arms. "Thank you, Estel," she said. "There is a bowl of barley porridge cooling on the window sill. Will you bring it to me?" Aragorn located the little pot of porridge and tasted a drop to make sure that it was only lukewarm. "This is terrible," he said. "It has no flavor. I can well understand why our daughter prefers to spit it out rather than eat it." "It is different from milk, and that is enough for now," Arwen said, as Ninniach began to nurse. "I will not waste flavorings until she has learned to swallow more than a few spoonfuls." "I suppose that is fair enough." Aragorn lay down on the bed beside Arwen, ready to offer the barley porridge after Ninniach took the first edge off her hunger. "Have you had any other interesting news today besides the latest style in baby clothing from the Shire?" "I did." Arwen gazed dreamily into Ninniach's eyes. "A letter arrived from the Elves of Ithilien. The lady Doronrîn will be arriving shortly for a visit. I have already given instructions that a chamber is to be prepared for her." "Doronrîn? Our midwife? She is coming here?" Aragorn's eyebrows shot up. "I find that most peculiar; I was under the impression that Doronrîn did not care for the cities of Men." "She does not. However, she writes that it is her custom to visit each child whose birth she attends when it is six months of age, to examine it and make certain that it is healthy and growing well." "That is kind of her," Aragorn said. "Especially as it means that she must make a long journey to a destination she does not enjoy, simply to visit our child. I can see why Legolas thinks so highly of her." "You asked for the best midwife he knew," Arwen replied. "He is a good friend. Ninniach, I believe you have had enough milk for now. Would you like to try some lovely barley porridge?" She gently detached Ninniach from her breast. Recognizing his cue, Aragorn leaned in close, holding a spoonful of porridge ready. "Yes," he said brightly. "Is Ada's little girl ready for her second course? Is Ada's little girl ready for bland, watery gruel that is not interesting in the slightest? Yes, she is." He crossed his eyes and waggled his tongue. Ninniach laughed. Arwen glared at him. "Perhaps I shall ask one of my maidens to assist me at her next meal," she said. "I am sorry." Aragorn turned back to his daughter. "Ninniach, forgive me. Your loving Ada lied about the gruel. It is, in fact, thick and delicious, flavored with rosewater and almonds." Ninniach opened her mouth to try and imitate the sounds of his speech, and Aragorn tipped a little of the porridge inside. Her expression changed to one of puzzled interest, her limbs twitched, and her mouth waggled as she explored the interesting substance inside it. Some of the porridge spilled out of her mouth, but Aragorn was fairly sure that some had gone down. He wiped her face with her mealtime tabard and prepared another spoonful of porridge. "See how she flails her arms when you feed her," Arwen said. "Truly, I think this is the most amusing time of her day." "And of yours, I would imagine." Aragorn fed Ninniach another spoonful of porridge. "At any rate, it is by far the most amusing moment of my day. Ninniach, your face is fair enough; you do not need to ornament it with porridge." Arwen wiped Ninniach's face. "I take it that you devoted today to correspondence." "I did. Éomer writes that horse thieves have been raiding the herds at Rohan's eastern borders and asks that Gondor and Ithilien be on guard against similar attacks. I will write to Faramir and Legolas, though I suspect that Éomer has done so as well. And, of course, there was another letter from Lord Ghayur concerning our meeting." "Have you settled on a place to hold it?" Aragorn sighed. "I believe that the trading post at Poros will satisfy all concerned, especially since we will ostensibly be conferring about trading policy. That is not what concerns me at the moment, however. Lord Ghayur has asked if you will accompany me." He gave Ninniach another spoonful of porridge. "I do not wish to be separated from you for so long," Arwen admitted. "But Ninniach is too small to travel to Poros, and I will not have her abandoned by both of her parents. Will this conference proceed smoothly without my presence?" "I suspect so. Ghayur will miss the opportunity to be swayed by your charm, and I will miss having your cool head at my side, but if you do not wish to come, you need not. " "Then I think I will remain in Minas Tirith." Arwen wiped the last of the spilled porridge from Ninniach's chin and allowed her to resume nursing. "And, since it seems we must be separated soon, let us enjoy our time together now." "That is an excellent plan." Aragorn got up and returned the porridge bowl to the windowsill. Then he reclined again on the bed and slipped his arms around Arwen, basking in the warmth of his little family. The mule picked its way delicately along the edge of the field. Thano had to admit that he was amused by his mount's almost respectful gait. It was almost as though the beast imagined that a real crop grew there instead of the scraggly mixture of rye and weeds. Thano reined the mule to a halt and surveyed the field. There would not be much of a crop this year, if indeed any of the grain survived to maturity. And more than likely, any grain that the people did manage to harvest would bring the curse of the summer madness upon those who ate of it. But people could survive the summer madness; hunger was worse, for it would kill more surely. Thano caught sight of a small knot of people huddled together in a far corner of the field. Curious, he rode towards them, stopping just close enough that he could see what was happening. Peering over their shoulders, he saw a woman kneeling on the ground next to a hole, weeping, holding a cloth-wrapped bundle. A burial, then. Another child had died. The