I have added My Own Character's and its cannon Couples :) Summery: Xavier Cullen Moved To New York From Australia With his Parents Carlisle and Esme when he was 4 along with his Twins Brother Jasper and three younger brothers Edward,Jason and Emmett who are Triplets. Now years later at 19 Xavier and His family moved back to Australia For Carlisle's Job. They move to Sydney where They moved into a lovely House where meet Tess The Girl Next Door. Will Love Blossom? Is it really The first Time they met or have they met Before?... Couples are Tess & Xavier Bella & Jasper Rosalie & Edward Alice& Emmett Amber & Jason Carlisle & Esme Claire & Gabriel - (Tess,Bella,Rose,Amber and Alice's Parents) I have to thank My Beta xobellaitaliaox thanks for being my beta you rock girl xx Anyway here is The First chapter I hope you guys like it. Don't forget to review and let me know what you think xx Bella LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT CHAPTER 1 Xavier's POV Today was our first day back at home in Australia. When I was four, Dad got offered a job as a Doctor in America and we have lived there ever since. After over thirteen years of living there, we decided that we wanted to move back home to Australia. So dad got a new job in Sydney and I was happy to move back here. America was awesome and all, but there's no place like home. We ended up moving into this amazing house! It has seven bedrooms; one for each of us and a spare room for visitors. There is a pool out back and a huge backyard, which is great, because we can all play cricket again. My brothers and I were all exited to move here. I have four brothers; Jasper is my twin and we're both seventeen, then there's Edward, Emmett and Jason; they're triplets and they're sixteen. We were all very excited to all finally have our own rooms. Out of the six of them we all got to choose the one we liked. Mum and dad have the main bedroom of course and all of the bedrooms have an ensuite. I went through the rooms and I picked the one up the stairs, down the passage all the way on the far left, because it has the best view and it had a balcony too. So I went out on the balcony to look at the view. My eyes wondered over to my left and I saw a way more beautiful view than the landscape itself. On the balcony next door, I saw the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. She had shoulder length brown hair and bright blue eyes. She noticed me watching her and smiled. She waved and said, "Hi, I'm Tess." Oh my, I thought to myself. She has the voice of an Angel. "I'm Xavier. It's nice to meet you." "So, you and your Family just moved here from America, is that right?" "Yes," I confirmed, "we moved back here because of dad's job. Do you have any siblings?" I asked. "Yes, I do! I have a twin sister, but she's a blonde. And I also have three younger sisters who are triplets." "Wow, no way! That's awesome!" I said, surprised. "What 'bout you?" she asked curiously. "Well, I have a twin brother and three younger brothers, too and they're triplets too. What are the odds, huh?" She giggled in response. "Yeah, that's cool. It's great to have some new neighbors, and I'm glad we have our rooms across from each other. It's easy to talk out here. I love it out here; it's my favorite part of the house. I come and sit on the balcony to escape or just to relax." She said and smiled sweetly at me. "I feel like I know you from somewhere." "Yeah, I got that feeling, too." I agreed. She giggled again and then, before she could talk again, I heard someone calling out her name. "Comin', Mum," she responded to the voice and then turned her attention back to me. "I'd better go. It was great to meet you, Xavier, maybe we could meet up later and then you could meet the rest of my family? "Sure!" I nodded excitedly. I may have sounded a little eager, but I couldn't help it. "Great! I'll meet you down at the beach in… shall we say twenty minutes?" "That would be perfect," I agreed. "It was great meeting you too, Tess," I smiled. "I'll see you later," she said, waved and walked back inside. "Wow," I whispered to myself. "Oh man, I think I'm in love." "What did you just say?" I heard a voice say from behind me. I turned around to find Jasper standing there. "Um... nothing," I said trying to hide my guilt. "Don't say that it's nothing. I know what I heard, so come on out with it, Xav ." "Okay, fine. Let me ask you a question. Do you believe in love at first sight?" "Well, man, I wouldn't really know; I've never seen it before, but yes, sure I believe in love at first sight… Why?" "Because I think it just happened to me," I sighed. "Wow, man, that's awesome! What's her name?" "Um, her name is Tess and she lives next door. That is her balcony, over there," I said, pointing toward her room. "Awesome, bro, does she have any sisters?" "Well, yes, actually she does. She said she had a twin, but she's a blonde and she is brunette. She also said that she has three younger sisters who are…get this… um… triplets!" I laughed. "How funny is that?" "That's awesome, dude. Though I'm not so sure I would be interested in the blonde…maybe one of her other sisters will catch my eye." "Hey, man, maybe you will know what love at first sight feels like, then. Would be funny, huh?" "Haha, shut up, dude. But yeah, maybe… you never know. I'm meeting up with her later, then we're all going to meet her family." "Wow, that's awesome, bro. She must really like you, too." "I really hope so. Okay, let's go down stairs." I suggested and turned to go back inside. We walked down the stairs and I told everyone about what happened with Tess. Mum said that it was okay for me to meet up with Tess, so I went out back to the beach to meet up with her. I impatiently waited for her, but luckily didn't have to wait too long. I heard my name being called and I turned around. "Xavier, hey!" "Hey, yourself," I replied. "Would you like me to show you around a bit?" she asked. "Sure," I shrugged, "why not? That would be great, thanks." "You're welcome. It's my pleasure," she winked. "Let's go this way." We walked up the beach and she showed me some of the sites around. We made our way back to our houses and when we did Tess said she wanted to introduce our families to each other. She said she wanted me to meet her family first, so we went to her house and I met them. ~Tess's POV ~ I was out on my balcony today, just like every morning. I was relaxing in my Lazyboy recliner, relaxing as the afternoon sun hit my face. I happened to look over towards the house next door and on the balcony straight across from mine, I saw the most handsome guy I'd ever seen in my life. He had short-ish sandy blonde hair and the most beautiful big brown eyes. I saw him before he saw me and I couldn't help but stare at him, but I quickly looked away before he caught me staring. Or should I say, I tried to. He caught me looking at him anyway, so I waved at him and said, "Hi, I'm Tess." "Hi, I'm Xavier." He replied. "So, your family just moved here from America, right?" I asked. I had heard people talking about the family that would move there all week, so I learned about them through the gossip around town. "Yes, we move here from New York. We moved back because of my Dad's job. Do you have any siblings?" he asked. "Yes, I have a twin sister, but she's a blonde, and I also have three younger sisters, who are triplets." "Wow! No way, that's awesome!" He said. "What 'bout you?" I asked. "Well, I have a twin brother and three younger brothers, too. They're triplets too. What are the odds, huh?" "Yeah, that's cool. It's great to have some new neighbors and I'm glad we have our rooms across from each other's. It's easy to talk out here that way. I love it out here; it's my favorite part of the house. I come and sit on the balcony to escape or just to relax." I said smiling sweetly at him. "I feel like I know you from somewhere, though." "Yes, I get that feeling, too." He admitted. I giggled again. Damn it! Tess, stop flirting, I thought to myself and then, before I could talk again, I heard mum call out my name. "Comin', Mum!" I yelled back and then turned back to him. "I'd better go. It was great to meet you, Xavier. Maybe we could meet up later and then you could meet the rest of the family? I'll meet you down the beach in say, 20 minutes?" "That would be good," he agreed. "It was great meeting you to Tess." He said smiling at me. "I'll see you later then," I replied waving, and then walked back inside and ran down the stairs. "Yes, mum, what is it?" I asked. "I heard voices up stairs. Who were you talking to?" she asked curiously. "One of the new neighbors. His name is Xavier and he's drop dead gorgeous." I sighed. "He's the same age as Rose and I and he's a twin! And he also has younger siblings who are triplets, as well!" I chirped excitedly. I felt like I was about to explode! "Wow that's great honey," Mom said smiling. "It's weird, though. I feel like I've meet him before." I mused. "What's there last name, dear?" I thought about what he had told me. "Um...Cullen… Why?" "OH MY GOODNESS," mum said, almost dropping the clothes she was holding. "What is it mum?" "You mean Dr. Carlisle Cullen and his wife Esme?" "Um... yes, why?" "My God, your father and I haven't heard from them in years; since we lived in Adelaide when you were one and a half! That's when they moved to the States! Wow, it will be great to catch up with them!" "Do you mean I was right when I said that I felt like I knew Xavier from somewhere before?" I asked shocked. "Yes, sweetie, you guys used to be best friends. It was just after both Esme and I just had the others. She had triplets too and it was funny! We were the best of friends and you and Xavier were joined at the hip! It broke both Esme's and my hearts to tear you two apart, but they had to move to New York for Carlisle's job. We kept in touch, but after a few years, we lost all contact. I never knew that they were our new neighbors…Oh my! Maybe I should go over and say hi!" "Well, I'm going over there later. I'm going to take Xavier down to the beach for a tour, but then we can all go together, okay?" "Okay, sweetie, sounds great. Let us know when you get back." "I will, I'm just going to go upstairs to find the girls for a bit. I'm not meeting him for a little while…" "Okay, sweetie." I walked up the stairs yelling out for my sisters, "Rose, Amber, Bella, Alice? Where are you four?"