Amelia Swan was the outsider in her family. Her step father hated her, her mother thought she was useless, and Bella was always the golden child. The only one who truly loved her and believed in her was her father. When Bella forces Amelia to move to Forks with her, Amelia doesn't complain. She gets to go home to her beloved father. As she goes through Forks she meets the Cullens. Amelia knows something is wrong with them and feels strange around them. Of course unlike Amelia, Bella is drawn to him, while Amelia prefers her old best friends from the reservation. How will things turn out for Amelia when her sister hates her? Growing up was hard for me. My parents got a divorce when I was only little. I was forced to live with my mom and I barely ever saw my father because my mother only allowed me to go if Bella came with, and she never wanted to. I love my father. He meant the most to me and I was a big daddy's girl. Bella was different. She's quiet and selfish, while I am outgoing and selfless. She was favored by our mother, while I was favored by our father. My mother, for some unknown reason, actually hates me. She is always yelling at me, acting as if everything I do is a mistake and wrong, and she is always 'forgetting' my birthday which is just after Bella. Bella was born at 11:45, while I was born at midnight. Then my step father... He hates me, but he is always staring at me. Personally I do not want to be alone with him. I'm always afraid he'll do something by the way he looks at me. I hate my home life. I can not even tell you how many times I have wished to be able to go and live with my dad. My wishes were finally answered though. Our mother always wasn't able to go with 'Phil' as he went on tour for being a baseball player. She had to stay home with Bella and I, but now we were being sent off to our father's so that she could. Bella is doing it 'out of the goodness of her heart' which I know is bullshit, but I can't figure out the real reason. Either way I am happy to be going home. With me there is only one real thing that means the most to me and that is loyalty. What are you without loyalty? I'm usually a sweet and understanding person, but when you break your loyalty to me or someone close to you then I am a bit harsh, angry, and cold towards you. Loyalty is everything to me. It was simply why Bella and I did not get along. She only cared about herself never mind ever thinking of having loyalty towards someone else. Bella and I even look nothing alike. Her hair was a mousy brown, while mine was a very dark brown that almost looked black. Her hair wasn't straight, but it wasn't curly like mine. She had dull green eyes, while I have those dark brown eyes that everyone loves. She was pale as ghost and I had dark tan skin. She was tall and lengthy, while I was short and petite. She was a bit too skinny, while I was the perfect weight with curves. She was always in jeans and some stupid t-shirt, while I was in about everything. I wore dresses, skirts, blouses, jeans, tank tops, and shirts. I wasn't a girly girl or tomboy, but somewhere in between. Today I was dressed in dark skinny jeans, a white long sleeved shirt, and chocolate brown boots that went up to my mid calf. I stood beside my sister at the airport waiting for our mother to finish saying bye to Bella, because apparently I didn't need to hear her say goodbye to me. I stood with my arms crossed as Bella walked over. "Alright let's go." She said snappily as we boarded the plan. "Mom is making us sit together, so you're getting the window seat. She said with a snobby attitude. I had no problem sitting in the window seat. I liked looking out at the clouds, if I got bord then I would just look through my dirt bike magazine. That's another thing that made us different. She was too clumsy and terrified of bikes. I had my own neon green dirt bike and a black beautiful motorcycle. Both were already at my dad's house. My helmet for my dirt bike matched my bike, but was a Monster, the energy drink, helmet that they no longer produced. My gloves were also neon green. My helmet for my motorcycle was black along with my black fingerless leather gloves for that bike. I couldn't wait to go home and see my father. Forks was also better than Phoenix when it came to riding my dirt bike. I also missed my best friend Jake. I doubt Bella even remembers him. He had the biggest crush on her growing up. He was a great guy and was a lot like me. Our dads always joked that we were the real twins. Jake was always like a big brother to me and I missed him all these years. I wasn't sure if he remembers me, but I hoped he did because I really am looking forward to seeing him again. As I sat down Bella sat beside me. She went right into reading as I closed my eyes and got some sleep. ... I felt the turbulence before anything else. It was what woke me up. I looked around to find Bella reading... still. I don't think she does anything else. I like reading as much as the next person, but there's a thing called being outdoors. Her type of outdoors is reading a book on the front steps. Bella and I were just too different to be even considered sisters. When I was younger I actually thought I was adopted. Silly I know, but for a little kid who looked nothing like her mom or sister... you start to wonder. The only thing that made me realize I wasn't was the fact that my dad and I were a lot alike and looked alike. His hair wasn't as dark as me nor was his eyes, but there was similarities. Once we landed I stood up and grabbed my carry on bag and waited for Bella to get up. "Bella we've landed." I told her as I waited a good five minutes. "I know, I'm not stupid, Amelia. I'm just trying to finish the chapter." As much as Bella liked to read she was a very slow reader. So I climbed over her, earning a glare and I grabbed my school bag that was above us. I only carried on my school bag and my lap top bag. My laptop bag held of course my laptop and all my dirt bike magazines along with my motorcycle magazines. It also holds my phone and it's charger. I swung my backpack on my back and looked back down at Bella. "When you decide you are ready to join me, I'll be out of this plane and collecting my luggage." I told her as I tied my grip on my laptop bag. "Mom said we have to stick together and- "Bella, I'm going either come or join later." With that said I started off the plane. I followed all the signs and found the luggage claim. All my bags were black. My laptop bag was black with a neon green skull on it, my backpack was black with neon green zippers ad zipper paths (Idk what you call them), and my suitcase was just like my backpack, but with a neon green skull on the front also. My favorite colors were black and neon green, so of course my bags would look like that too. I grabbed my suit case, it was one of those camping duffle bag looking ones, and I headed for the exit where I knew my dad would be waiting for us. I didn't really worry about Bella because I know that since I left her she'll be moving fast to catch up with me. Bella hated being left alone. I think it's for years of being spoiled and having all the attention, but I don't know. I walked down the hall of the airport and that's when I saw him. My dad. Still the same as always. His messy brown hair, his mustache, and his chief of police uniform on. That was my dad and just seeing him made me smile. I dropped my bags, careful with my laptop bag, and ran right for him. "Daddy." My dad broke into a big grin as he scooped me up in his arms and spun me around. "There's my little princess." He said as he kissed my temple. I smiled and hugged him tightly. "I missed you so much daddy." I told him and my father chuckled before setting me down. "Well, I missed you too princess. Go get your bags and we can get it all loaded up." I nod and went and got them just as Bella rounded the corner. "Figured you'd show up eventually." Bella just gave me icy glare before going over to our dad. Of course he didn't welcome her the same way. Just with an awkward smile and hug. I walked over with a smile. "Hey, daddy, have you heard from Jake yet?" I asked, causing him to glance over. "Yup, I got a surprise for your sister. I'm hoping she'll like it." My dad whispered to me as he helped me get mine and Bella's things in the car. "What kind of surprised?" I asked a little disheartened that Bella was getting something when I wasn't. "Well you have your bike and I figured Bella could use something to get to school with, so I had Billy come up with something." I leaned against the car and looked at him. "Did you get her an old fix me up?" I asked and my dad blushed. "You think she'll like it?" I smiled. "Oh, she'll love it." I said as I shut the trunk. "Of course I didn't just get Bella something. Here you go, Billy got this for me to give to you." I turned and saw my dad holding out a necklace. It had a silver chain with a black amulet on it. It was of the Quileute symbol. "Oh wow." I said as I took it from him. "Billy said something about it being his sister... and um thought you'd like it." I frowned and looked up at my dad. "I never knew Billy had a sister." I cocked my head to the side trying to see if I could remember her. "You never met her. She moved away about the time you and Bella were born." He said as he lead me to the back door. "Oh... that's too bad. Anyone related to Billy has to be amazing." My dad got a strange smile on his face as I said that. it was one a man got when thinking of the woman he loved. It was strange to see that smile on my dad when talking about someone who wasn't mom. "Were you and her close?" I asked. "Me and Sarah?" He questioned, his voice going up an octave. "I was best friends with her brother, that's all." My dad never once lied to me, but I knew in that moment that he was. I couldn't figure out why he'd want to lie to me, but I knew if I asked I'd only make him nervous. "Oh... okay. When we get home would you mind if I hung out with Jake and the guys. I haven't seen or talked to Embry and Quil in years." My father