Title: Swan Center Author Penname: addicted-to-romione-bedward Rating: M Summary: The way he says "Don't go, Edward" will break your heart and make you wonder what broke that poor boy in such horrible ways. Written for Christmas Wishes - Toys4Tots fundraiser. Warnings: M/M, mentions of rape and abuse, and a tear jerker. Banner + video that inspired this story: in my group on facebook (Addicted-to-romione-bedward Fanfiction) and in the Slash group on facebook Banner Designer Name: LosT-in-Twific Pre-Reader Name: LosT-in-Twific Beta Name: harrytwifan Edward's POV "We have a new one today, hon!" Bella's voice pulls me from my drowsy state. Yawning loudly and running a hand through my hair, I join her by the front doors. Bella is in her early thirties. When I met her, I had no idea what a strong woman was hiding under those baggy clothes. She runs a shelter for homeless people she opened when she saw how many people ended up on the streets for various reasons. The person that determined her to do it actually, was her mother—the soul of an artist and social butterfly—who reached fifty without a stable income or health insurance. When her boyfriend at the time ended things, she found herself living on the streets, with no money to even call her daughter. By the time Bella found her months later, it was too late, her mother was in such bad shape there wasn't much she could do. She's always had a soft spot for the homeless, and what happened to her mother was the well needed push in the right direction. After a lot of struggling, Bella turned this abandoned building into the best shelter in the city. We can't keep the refugees for too long, but as long as they're here, we make sure to give them whatever they need: food, liquids, medical care, beds, even a hug. I've seen Bella hug plenty of the people who pass our threshold before they left. "He's undecided," she says quietly, staring at the figure on the steps of the building. "I can go and talk to him," I offer. "It's not your job, Edward," she protests softly, but doesn't make a move to go out. Her arms are tightly wrapped around her body—her stomach more exactly—and she's rocking on her feet. She's also biting her lip, and when her brown eyes meet mine, she looks ready to burst into tears. "Really, woman!" I groan, pushing her toward my desk in the corner. "Go, sit down. It is my job. I'm the security guy, and I should be greeting everyone who comes here," I say with a stern voice. "But, Edward..." Now she's pouting. I glance toward the doors and see the figure still on the doorsteps, undecided. Let's hope he doesn't go away. I need to talk some sense into my boss. I crouch next to her chair and take her hand. "You get too invested in these things. You need to remember you have us to help with the center. Besides, Jake may behead me if he hears I allowed you out in that blizzard just to talk to some guy." "Jake doesn't understand the reason why I'm doing this." "He does," I insist. Because it's true. I've talked to him too many times on late nights to know otherwise. "But he's worried." I finish with a firm tone as I rise. "You're pregnant." She scowls at me. "Fine. Go after him! He's leaving." She points to the small window in the door. True, the person outside has decided against knocking. After grabbing my scarf and beanie, I rush through the door, nearly falling on my ass when I catch some ice under my boot. "Hey! Wait!" I call. He stiffens, then walks faster, but a gust of wind makes him stumble. He's probably starving and frozen. In a few long strides, I reach him and grab his elbow. I can't help but note how my fingers can wrap around his arm and my thumb meets my middle finger. He's so fucking skinny. He makes to swing at me, but I catch his fist. "I want to help you. Why did you leave?" I ask slowly, trying to catch his eye. He shakes his head, making the snow on his hair fly in every direction. "They'll hurt me." His voice is low and scratchy. "No one will ever hurt you there." I point to the shelter. "Now, come with me. I bet you're hungry." "No. No." He grips my arm with both hands when I turn to walk toward the building. "They always hurt me." We've had our fair share of crazy homeless people, but he doesn't strike me as a crazy person. He's definitely not talking about gnomes attacking him in the middle of the night. "I promise no one will hurt you. I'll stay with you," I vow. "Really?" He sounds hopeful. Shit. What have I gotten myself into? "Of course," I answer. "Now, come with me." Without letting go of my arm, we walk slowly toward Swan Center. Bella's hovering in the entrance hallway, blankets and hot tea in hand. The boy next to me trembles and cowers into my side when he sees her. There's always one like him who gets attached to one of us, but I've never experienced it first hand. They often stick around Bella, because she's sweet and caring toward them. I'm usually doing my job as the security guard and breaking up fights, or keeping away the ones that don't deserve to be in a place like this. Invariably, some junkie or hooker try to come in, but I have a good eye for people. Some do need us, others not so much. "I've got this," I tell Bella quietly, steering the boy to my desk. He casts a furtive look over his shoulder, before hurrying to keep up with me. "Here are blankets and hot tea. Rose is making him something to eat. I'll let Jasper know to take your place." She winks at me and leaves. It's my first time doing this! I'm going to panic. I've never helped anyone…like this. He's mine . Though, I'm determined to take care of him as best as I can. In the artificial light, I see him clearer. He's a young boy—scared and lost. His blond locks are a dirty, tangled mess reaching his shoulders, his jaw looks strong, but his cheeks are sunken in from hunger. His eyes have lost the light, but I can see a spark of hope in the sapphires. He slouches in my chair, hugging a backpack to his chest, slightly trembling, eyes shooting everywhere. "It's alright," I whisper. "Here. You'll get warm faster if you take off your jacket and let me put the blankets over you." He starts rocking back and forth, mumbling under his breath, and keeping a strong grip on his backpack. He doesn't even make a move to accept the blanket. I know how much these guys appreciate their possessions. They get stolen a lot, and sometimes they have their whole life in their backpack. My heart aches as I stare at this teenager. I try a different tactic. Leaning my ass against my desk, I unfurl a blanket and wrap it around his shoulders, over the cold and wet jacket. "I'm Edward. Can you tell me your name?" His deep blue eyes glance my way, and he regards me carefully. "They used to call me Caius. Now, I'm Kay." Progress. Good. "Which one do you prefer?" He shrugs, wrapping his fingers around the edges of the blanket and tugging it closer to him. "Let's find a room for you, shall we? I'll help you wash and get changed in clean, warm clothes," I say in a soothing tone. His blond locks shake wildly when I mention the room. He's looking at the door as if ready to bolt any moment. "You know what is so special about this place? You don't have to share a room. You'll have your own space where no one will bother you." It's not really a lie. We have three large, communal rooms and a few single rooms for the ones like him, or for those who cause trouble and need to be separated from the rest of the group. "Alone?" He stares at me with hope in his eyes and voice. "Alone," I confirm. "Shall we?" He nods shortly, but doesn't make a move to get up. I give a call to the kitchen and let them know to send the food to Single 3, which is incidentally close to my room. Sometimes I sleep here more than at home, but it's convenient if I have a double shift. Like tonight. "Come on," I urge Kay quietly, reaching out for him with my hand. He stares at it as if it's some foreign thing, before ever so slowly taking it. I offer him a smile and lead the way to the stairs. In hope to loosen his nerves, I make small talk—I tell him about the rooms we're passing, about my job, about Bella. When we reach the second flight of stairs, he stops and stares blankly into the communal room to his left. "You wanted to be alone, but if you want othe—" "They hurt me!" he whispers. "Always hurt me." He wraps himself tighter in the blanket and rocks on his heels. Damn. I have yet to understand the reason why some of the homeless turn against each other. It's not like the other person has more than they have. Quickly, before he can go into a full blown panic attack, I steer him up the stairs toward the only three single rooms we have. After fishing through my many keys, I find the right one and unlock the bolt before shouldering the door open. "Here we are." He steps cautiously into the room, looking around with wide eyes. I close the door behind me, flipping the light on. He's in the middle of the room, rocking and looking around. I guess he needs a few minutes alone to acclimate. "I'll go see if the food is ready. You must be starving." I barely get the words out before he moves—he's in front of me, staring at me with wide, panicked, blue eyes. "Don't go, Edward! Don't leave me alone!" Well, shit. I guess it's time to pay more attention to how Bella does this. "Okay," I answer, defeated. "Uh, how about a bath, Kay? You still haven't told me which name you prefer." He swallows hard and averts his eyes. "Caius. I like my name, it's unique. But the others laughed at it, and I decided Kay keeps me out of trouble." "What?" I frown, not understanding what he's telling me. "When people asked for my name and I told them, they laughed and mocked it, some even jerked me around." Now he looks close to tears. Suddenly, I want to know his story. For the first time, I really want to know about one of the people who come to us for help. What brought him here? What happened to him? What have they done to him on the streets? I walk him to the bed and sit down. I don't know where to start, or how to ask without sounding like an inquisitor. There's a knock on the door and we both jump. Rolling my eyes at myself, I walk over and open the door. "Hey," Rose greets me with a warm smile. "Here's the food. I also added another helping for you. I know you didn't eat." That's true. There was a ruckus in Communal Two, and I had to separate a fight, then kicked one out. It was cruel. "Thanks." Without another word, I close the door and return to the bed, after placing the tray on the desk. "Would you like to eat first?" He stares at his fingers. He's so dirty, and I can see