Title: Pretty Boy – The Rainbow Outtake Author: addicted-to-romione-bedward Beta: harrytwifan Rating: M Word count: 3,669 Disclaimer: Twilight isn't mine. The main story (The Rainbow) is inspired by Queer as Folk, which again, I don't own. Not even the song, of course. Summary: The beginning of The Rainbow told in Jasper's point of view. Written for LLS fandom fundraiser. I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me Miley Cyrus – Wrecking Ball JPOV After the worst blow job I'd ever received, I decided it was time to head home. Alone. Unsatisfied. Fuck. I raised my hand in goodbye to Pete, who was holding the bar, chatting with the bartender. He waved back, frowning at my early departure. As the cold air outside hit me, I shivered, zipped up my jacket, and pulled out a cigarette. My fucking lighter decided to rebel against me when I needed it the most. The world was conspiring against me. Since this morning when Alice poured her coffee over me, continuing to a couple hopeless patients—though I was determined to make them better —then my day from hell culminated to no Jim Beam at the bar and the fumbling idiot who tried blowing me. I flicked, annoyed at my expensive lighter, hoping by some miracle it would work. A hand holding a disposable lighter appeared in front of my smoke. Maybe, just maybe, there was a chance for me to get laid. Allowing the Good Samaritan to light my smoke, I stared into his eyes. I'd never seen such a shade of green before, like the ripe grass. Long lashes framed his beautiful eyes, and fuck me, he had a mouth meant to suck dick. I could tell he was trying to be brave, and holding his lighter to me was probably the most daring thing he'd ever done, but what the fuck ever. Inhaling the nicotine, I regarded the man in front of me. He truly was pretty, and somehow, I'd missed him before if he frequented this place. "I've never seen you around here. Are you new in town?" "Lived here all my life," he answered, staring at me, dazed. It was nice to see the effect I had on the queers around me, especially those I met for the first time. Though, his words made me frown. "I'd have remembered such a pretty face as yours." I'm good with faces, especially pretty ones. Since my motto is 'Never the same man, never an underage twink' I have to remember faces. He shrugged, looking positively embarrassed. Christ. If he was anything like the guy I had a few months back—he was the shiest thing when we met at Rainbow, then turned into a wild thing once we got back to my place. I had to find out if this pretty face was the same. I had a feeling he was more than a pretty face, but the fuck if I cared. All that mattered was the fuck, then they left. And when they saw me at Rainbow, they pointed and whispered to their friends about our night together. "Want to see my bedroom ceiling?" I smirked, flicking some ash, never taking my eyes off him. An internal battle was taking place inside him, and I bit my lip as I watched many emotions cross his face—shock, confusion, determination, fear? Fear. Shit. Before I could add anything else to my fucked-up pick-up line, because seriously that was the most stupid thing I'd said in my life… "Uh, sure. My mom's an interior designer." "How sweet." I rolled my eyes. Like I want to hear about his mommy. "So, are you coming with me?" I regarded him curiously. I was horny as fuck, and if I put my mind to it, I could just fucking snatch an innocent passer-by and take him home. Though, I wanted this guy. He had a goofy smile as he nodded. Good. I turned to walk to my car. When I didn't hear him behind me, I stopped, looking over my shoulder. "Coming, or what?" Seriously. There needs to be coming involved. Soon. He quickly followed me. "Cool ride," the pretty face said in admiration. I smirked, staring at my most prized possession. I liked to call the i8 my midlife crisis gift to myself. Pete told me people buy something significant when they hit the big three-oh, so I bought a car. When he and Rile saw it, they said they were talking about something less extravagant. At least someone seemed to agree with me, and I eagerly shared my joy over buying the BMW. We couldn't get home fast enough. The way he kept shifting in the seat next to me, his soapy scent filling my nostrils, made me painfully hard. Arriving home, I rushed him inside, punched the alarm code, before leading him up the stairs. I started undressing on the stairs, eager to get into him the second we were in my bedroom, but there he was, standing awkwardly in front of me. Fully dressed, might I add. "Are you going to gawk at me, or take your clothes off and join me?" I rolled my underwear down my legs and took my socks off. As much as I secretly appreciated the impact I had on him, I needed to get off, and for that he had to be naked, too. When he finally took his clothes off, he managed to stumble and fall to his knees in front of me. It was too funny. I couldn't help but comment. "If you wanted to suck me, you could've asked." Dear God. He was a natural at sucking dick. My fingers tangled in his soft hair, pulling him closer, urging him to go deeper. Of course. He had a gag reflex. I pulled out, knowing it would ruin the fun if he insisted. "We can try this later. Now, I want to fuck you," I said, helping him stand. He moaned, touching himself. I smirked, pushing him on the bed. He watched me in anticipation as I grabbed supplies from the nightstand. One look at him told me I'd need more than one condom. As I hovered over him, pushing the hair out of his raw green eyes, I realized he was having an internal battle. Again. "Nervous?" I almost snorted. It was normal. I had guys feeling nervous before feeling my nine inch cock inside them for the first and only time. The pretty face nodded, staring at me with wide eyes. As I heated some lube in my palms, I asked a ridiculous question, but his nerves meant one thing. "First time?" Hard to believe, though. So pretty and a virgin? He nodded again, looking embarrassed as hell. It will be an honor, Pretty. "I'll go slowly. Now, if you'd lean back and raise your knees…" The only other virgin I'd been with was Pete. Many years ago. Fuck, he was tight. I liked my asses tight, but I'd forgotten how a virgin ass felt. I did my best to relax him, hoping I wouldn't embarrass myself once inside. That would be exactly what I needed to end my day from hell. Then this pretty face would go around saying what a lousy fuck I was. No. I couldn't have that. I shouldn't have worried about coming prematurely, because he sure did. The second my fingers brushed his prostate, he clenched around me, shooting his load. Pulling my fingers out, I took a moment to stare at his fluttering hole before rolling a condom on my dick and pushing in. Fuuuuck. Fuck. Fuck. He clenched around me like a vice. His hand pressed against my stomach, as if to make me stop. Not a chance. "Relax. The discomfort will be gone soon." He didn't relax, making it difficult to move, but I tried. I also rubbed my thumb across his thigh, in a vain attempt to relax him. When the miracle happened, I was able to go deeper. Leaning over him, I pushed his sweaty hair out of his eyes again. I had to see his mesmerizing eyes. He was going to be one of those fucks I'd always remember, and not only because I took his innocence away. "You're so pretty." I heard myself saying. What the fuck? Since when do I talk during fucking? I got a loud moan for an answer as I rammed his prostate. It brought back my confidence. I moved slowly, keeping a steady rhythm to get used to his tightness and have him comfortable. Until he begged for more. It was all I needed to hear. Hooking his legs on my shoulders, around my neck, I started my usual hard fucking and had him screaming in moments. I was quite pleased he lasted for a whole minute before shooting...and I was right there with him. The last time I'd come at the same time with my trick of the night...I had no idea if it ever happened. I pulled out and went to throw away the condom. Once back in my room, I expected him dressed and ready to leave, so obviously I stopped in my tracks, shocked to find him fast asleep lying diagonally on my bed. I bumped my knee into his foot, dangling off the bed. "You need to leave." Fuck. They never stayed over. "Five more minutes, Mom," he slurred, flopping on his side and snuggling with my pillow. Mom? What kind of pussy did I just fuck? Did he still live with his mommy? No wonder he was still untouched until a few minutes ago. Crawling next to him, I decided to get some shut eye and hope when I woke up he'd be gone. It didn't happen. But I found the advantages of my trick staying the night. When he rolled over me, effectively waking me up not long after I'd managed to fall asleep, I felt his hardness against my hip. Pouring some lube on my hand, I brought my fingers to his ass and started playing with his hole. He shifted against me, moaning softly, until I pumped two fingers into him. He shot up, staring at me in confusion, then a small smile appeared on his pretty face. "Hey," he murmured groggily. Seriously . Who says 'hey' when he has fingers up his ass? I pushed against his shoulder until he was facing the mattress, and I was where I wanted—behind him. This time around he lasted longer, and I managed to hold more, too. Exhausted, I fell next to him, and the last thing I saw before sleep took me was his bright eyes and a goofy smile. The things that made him happy. I planned on having him at least one more time before shoving him out of my house and life. The next time, he woke me, his lips around my hard dick. It was the best way to wake up, and it made me question my rules. If all my tricks would wake me with a blow job, I'd let them stay the night. I could see the first rays of light, and decided we had to try how spacious my shower was. But after he finished with the blow job. For a virgin, he was quite talented, and I wondered how experienced he actually was. Later, in the shower, I had him splayed against the tiled wall, ramming into him from behind. He kept moaning, louder and louder, grabbing my hair as we kissed frantically. It occurred to me it was our first kiss, so I made it worthwhile, exploring his mouth deeply. After the long shower, we got dressed. He pulled on his horrid jeans and loose t-shirt, before sitting on the bed to put his socks on. My ritual of getting dressed took longer. I felt like grey today, and after