FAGE 007 Title: Freak Written for: LosT-in-Twific Written By: addicted-to-romione-bedward Rating: M Pairing: Jasper/Peter Summary/Prompt used: A college student headed home for the holidays, traveling by train, and stuck in a compartment with his worst enemies, along with the man he fancies. A crumpled paper thrown aimlessly landing on said man's laptop could be disastrous. Many thanks to my amazing beta: harrytwifan! Banner by amazing Mina! You can find all the stories here: www dot fanfiction dot net/ community /FAGE-007/93625/ My vision blurred as I stared at the crumpled paper that landed on my lap. I fucking hated them. With a fucking passion. It was my horrid luck to end up in the same train compartment with the jocks. Why were they travelling by train? Weren't they supposed to be made of money and drive the cars their daddies bought them? This was a fabulous start to my holidays. I shrunk further in my seat, keeping my eyes on the words they wrote on the paper. Freak —it was their favorite nickname for me. I refused to let their crude behavior get to me. When I finished high school, I thought it was over. College meant no more name-calling, no more nasty looks, and no more snide remarks about my sexuality. I was dead wrong. If anything, it got worse. The guys excluded me from any team activity, some plainly avoiding me, others doing it in my face. When we had team work in classes, they'd look at me and laugh, saying I had to pair up with my invisible fag friends. When we had study groups in the library, they'd sit a table away from me, definitely not studying, but throwing pens and papers at me, and effectively not allowing me to study either. To make everything absolutely horrible, my roommate was the worst. At first, I'd thought it was great he wasn't part of the football team or some other groups of men eager to show how big and bad they were. No, Edward was quickly included in some fraternity. I stupidly accepted one of his invitations to a party, and got the worst I ever had. I'd never been as humiliated as at that party. They slipped some drug in my drink, stripped me naked, and wrote things on me. They even got me tattooed. I woke up stark naked on the front lawn of the fraternity house. Thankfully, I found a bed sheet in the mess they'd made, took it, and did the walk of shame. I couldn't wait for my first year of collage to end, but I had six more months until I could dream of a small studio far away from campus. In the span of four months, they'd made my life miserable. I even missed the high school days of having my head shoved in the toilet bowl or being stuffed in a locker. I crumpled the paper in my hand, all the pent up anger flaring up. I had enough of being their punching bag, their puppet. When I heard one of the guys from the team fake whimpering, his eyes fixated on me, I stood up. They ooh -ed and ahh -ed, mocking me. Clenching my jaw, I raised my hand, aimed, and threw the paper. I finished Physics with an A+, so I should have known papers didn't fly well, which made me insanely angry. They'd managed to throw it at my head, and I couldn't even aim it back at them. I stared in horror as the crumpled paper hit our History professor in the face, before falling on his open laptop. Fuck. Me. I willed my body to work properly so I could sit down, sink so low in the seat he wouldn't see I hit him. When his glaring dark brown eyes met mine, I was still standing, staring at him in shock. I should have apologized, but all I could do was sink low in my seat and pretend it never happened. He'd think I called him a freak. Shit. I wished I could see him, but I couldn't see anything. I was so fucking embarrassed. Professor Carter was the best guy ever. He'd helped me so much. We shared a passionate love for history, and we spent many hours in the library getting lost in discussing events from the past. We hadn't left anything uncovered, from Roman Wars to The Civil War, from the First World War to the Cold War, and even political crimes like Kennedy's assassination. I had never bonded with anyone so well in my life. It was all gone now. He probably hated me, considering he couldn't know I didn't write that shit. I hated the jocks a little bit more. They ruined everything between me and Professor Carter. I never thought I'd be that guy, the type they show in the movies and books. I'd always ridiculed the stupid students who let themselves fall for their teacher. But that was before I met Professor Carter. He was the most gorgeous specimen I'd had the pleasure of meeting. Everything was perfect about him—from his deep brown eyes to the tips of his sandy chestnut hair, his always manicured nails, his plucked eyebrows, and his beautiful, kissable mouth, to his designer charcoal suit and always crisp champagne pink shirt and slim black tie. There was nothing out of place. I admired that about him. My clothes never matched, and I looked the epitome of poor art student. I owned only two pairs of pants—the over washed jeans on me and a pair of khakis. My shirts were all holey and washed so many times I didn't even know their real color. oOo When the train was a few minutes away from my stop, I got ready. Slipping into my jacket and wrapping the scarf around my neck, I grabbed my suitcase and my laptop bag, before making my way to the door. Of course, it wasn't as easy as I thought. When I passed the jocks, one of them stuck his foot out. I didn't see it before it was too late. Next thing I knew, I was sprawled on the floor. With angry tears in my eyes, I got up and tried walking away with what was left of my dignity. Another one of them grabbed one end of my scarf, making me choke and stumble. I fell right on Professor Carter's lap. "Oh, shit. I'm so sorry," I stammered, feeling my face heating up. He smiled kindly, helping me up, then gathering his own stuff. That's when I remembered. He told me he lived in the same town as me. With my fucking luck, he'd live next door. Though, since he told me about living in town with me, I couldn't remember ever seeing him there. He was definitely new. "I think that's quite enough, don't you?" he said in a clipped tone, eyes on the jocks. "I will remember this incident, and your grades will suffer." They protested, but quieted when Professor Carter threatened them with suspension. God, I loved him. Even if all I could do was admit it in my head. "Come on, Jasper." With a hand on the small of my back, Professor Carter guided me to the door, just as the train was pulling into the station. He stepped out first, helping me with my bags. "Thank you, Professor Carter." "It's all right." "No, I mean for back there." I pointed to the train behind us. "They were out of line. Don't you think?" "Yeah. They were." I gulped thickly, trailing after him. We walked out of the railway station in silence. Once on the main road of the small town, I glanced at him, unsure the direction he was headed. He caught my eye, smiling. "I live up the hill. You?" My heart was beating out of my chest. "I'm the bottom." Fuck, you're stupid, Whitlock! "At the bottom. Of the hill. I live at the bottom of the hill." Professor Carter chuckled, probably thinking I was crazy. We walked toward the hill. I worked up my courage to apologize about the note I'd thrown at him. "I'm sorry, Professor Carter," I blurted. "They threw that paper at me. I…I didn't mean…I didn't write it." "It's all right, Jasper. I know you didn't write it." "You do? I mean, you were pretty upset." "I was upset because they are stupid enough to pick on you because you're…different." Different . "Yeah, I'm the freak," I said bitterly. "You can't educate them. We can all hope such homophobic people will one day wake up and see gays aren't that much different than them." "Except the obvious," I muttered, kicking at the snow at my feet. Professor Carter laughed. "Yes, except the obvious." I sighed. "Seriously, I'm sorry, Professor Carter. You shouldn't be involved in my problems." "Stop apologizing, Jasper." He put a hand on my shoulder. My dick responded immediately to the simple gesture. Thank God for my winter jacket . "And do call me Peter. We're not at school anymore." I raised my head and found his kind, brown eyes boring into mine. "Peter," I whispered, more like moaned, his name. I'd wanted to call him that for months. Peter smiled, his eyes sparkling in the late evening's sun. He didn't remove his hand as we kept walking. "It gets better," he said softly. "Sorry?" "The way people treat you. It gets better. Some of them will never understand you and call you ugly names, but others will support you and be there for you." "With all due respect, Peter…" My voice fluttered, but I had to say it. "…you don't understand me." He squeezed my shoulder. "Oh, I understand you better than you think, Jasper." I frowned, searching his eyes. No way. He can't be gay . My radar was broken if I hadn't realized it in all time we spent together. "That's right," he said. "I'm queer, too. I get you, Jasper." I grinned, realizing I stood a chance. Maybe…he liked me, too. Though, he was still my teacher. We walked a few more minutes in silence, the only sound the snow crunching under our boots. "So, your parents must be thrilled to have you home. I remember Mom used to go way out with everything when I came home for the holidays during college." Right. He didn't know. "Uh, not exactly." "Don't tell me they're that kind of parents." I bit my trembling lip. "The dead kind, you mean?" "Oh, fuck." He stopped walking and turned to face me. "I'm so sorry, Jasper. I didn't know." "It's okay." I sniffed, looking away. "It happened when I missed your big test on the Civil War. I had to come home and…you know. Or maybe you don't." I shrugged. Peter wrapped his arms around me, hugging me tightly. "What now? Where do you live?" "Home. They left everything to me," I mumbled into his jacket, a sob catching in my throat. "Shh." He rocked me slowly, and it was the first time in months I felt cared for, that I mattered. "It happened at the robbery, didn't it? I remember Jake calling to tell me about what happened at the bank." "Yeah. The robbery. Many died." I could remember the sheriff calling me, too. Jacob was a family friend. "Sheriff Black helped me a lot." "He's a good guy. Jasper, if you need anything, tell me. I can only imagine how you must feel." "I'd actually appreciate it if you could come in with me. For a little while. Just so I can get used to being back…alone." "Of course, I will. Come on. It's getting cold. It looks like it's going to start snowing." In front of my house, I stopped and stared. I knew in that moment I couldn't walk in, not with Peter, not alone. He seemed to sense my problem, because he hooked his arm under mine, steering me