Banner link: check my group on fb. It won't even paste me the link separate by spaces here. Stupid website! Banner by: addicted-to-romione-bedward Desire Reborn by addicted-to-romione-bedward Rated: NC17 Beta: A-Jasper-For-Me Summary: What happens when you stumble in the wrong place at the right time? Feelings resurface and lives are changed. The key word is Desire. Part of Fandom 4 Animals contest. Inspired by Welcome to the Riley's. EPOV "Oh, please!" I mutter to myself as I realize the only place open at this hour is a night club. It's normal though, being one in the morning. I'm lost in this podunk town and nothing is open so I can ask for directions—excluding the police station … I have tickets. In my thirty-six years, I've never been in a place like this. Some may call me secluded, others an idiot, some may be impressed. Whatever. I always thought such places were a disease firebox. Clearing my throat, and throwing a last look around, I step in the godforsaken place. There's music playing and a few girls are on the bar, undulating around the poles. Men are near the bar touching and encouraging them to shake their asses or show the goodies. Scowling, I walk to the dark end of the counter. "What can I get you?" the man behind the bar asks. "One Heineken," I tell him, but before I can ask more—the reason I'm actually here, he's gone. I pull my cigarettes out and place one between my lips, lighting it up and taking a drag. The barman places my bottle in front of me and disappears. Well, fuck. I guess these guys aren't chatty like the ones in normal bars. I really don't understand what's so fabulous about staring at these girls, rubbing themselves against these poles and all over the counter. Sometime later, a pair of shiny red high heels appears in my line of view. One of them goes under my chin and tilts my head. There's a girl in front of me. "You're either a kinky fuck or a virgin. No one in their right mind would miss the show." I put her foot back down on the counter, pick my half-burnt cigarette from the ashtray and refuse to talk to her. But my traitor eyes flick to her exposed legs covered in fishnet, her tiny panties and her bare boobs. Well, almost bare. There must be a policy about not showing nipple, because they are hidden by tape. "Not talkative, are we?" she asks, plunking her ass in front of me, stealing my beer and taking a swig. "Can I keep you company?" I snatch my beer back, glaring at her. "I'm just fine by myself." "Oh, I see. You're the voyeur." "I'm …" I close my mouth, sighing in my annoyance. "Not any of that! Not a kinky fucker, not a fucking virgin, nor a voyeur! I'm simply lost!" I hiss at her. "Oh!" Her eyes widen. A hand covers her red lips. She scoots closer to me, her legs dangling on either side of me. "The church is just across the street." "Not in that way!" I groan, not sure why I'm even trying to make her understand. She frowns at me. "I should be in Jackson tomorrow. You know … Jackson … that city in Mississippi? I have a business meeting." "You are in Jackson!" She laughs, tapping my thigh with her heel. "Now that we got that covered … want to see my room upstairs?" "Oh, I'm already in Jackson? I have no idea when I got here …" "Come upstairs," she whispers seductively, leaning closer, letting herself fall on my lap. "I promise to give you a good time." "Thanks, but no thanks." With my hands on her waist, I help her into a standing position, throw a few bucks on the counter and turn to leave. To my utter horror, five cops step inside at the same time. It would be funny if I wasn't so scared of how everyone started running in every direction. A small hand grips mine and I'm dragged somewhere. "Hurry!" I hear the girl's voice. Her heels are clicking loudly on the stairs. I realize we're not going up, we're going down somewhere. Suddenly we're out of the building through a back door. She snatches something off the floor, mumbling about smart thinking—whatever she means by that. "Do you have a car?" she asks over her shoulder, all the while leading me down the alley. "Out front." Jeez. Too much excitement for my first time in a strip club. "Great. Hold on. Don't go anywhere." She drops my hand and rummages through a backpack pulling out a pair of jeans and a hoodie. They look too large for her, but they cover everything. She stuffs her high heels in the backpack and slips on a pair of tennis shoes. "Your car?" I want to argue, but I take her hand, walking through the alley and out front. Facing the wall next to the entrance of the club are most of the people from inside, and the cops patting them down. I put my arm around the girl's shoulders, making it look casual as I head to my car. It would have been too nice for the cops not to stop us. "Hold it right there!" one of them shouts at us. The girl trembles next to me. I have an overwhelming urge to protect her. So I do something totally out of my character. I turn around and glare at the cop. "Instead of stopping us because you think we did something wrong just because we're passing by, you should be going after that piece of shit!" I wave toward the alley we just left. "Some fucker attacked my girlfriend!" I add. The cop stares at me shocked then runs in the direction I pointed him. There's no one there, but it will distract him enough for me to take this girl away from their raid. I suddenly want to know everything about her—especially her age. She doesn't even look legal. Working in a place like this? Shit happens to people who don't deserve it. I open the passenger door of my car and help her inside. "So where to?" I ask once I'm behind the wheel. "I kinda live there." She points to the place raided by the cops. Say what? She lives in the club? That's sad. But I wasn't talking where she lives. I clear my throat. "I mean, where's my hotel?" She throws me a funny look. "What fucking hotel, dude?" "My hotel," I mutter, growing annoyed. "Try the documents you're sitting on. Thank you by the way." She snatches the folder from under her ass and flips it open. "Oh, sweet! Hilton. It's just a few streets away." She starts giving me directions. I don't even want to know why she's familiar with this hotel's location. The fuck am I doing? I have a hooker in my car. I glance at her as I park at the entrance. The valet greets me. I give him the keys and five bucks, grab my suitcase and lead the girl inside. Every eye in the reception rounds on us—on her. The lady behind the counter is nice toward me, but glares at the girl accompanying me. The bellboy leers at her. The other man checking-in is staring at her as well. They're getting on my nerves. Snatching the key from the counter, I lead the girl to the elevator with a hand on her shoulder. I'm all about touching her apparently. We reach my floor, and I walk ahead toward the room. 701. 703. 705. 707—our destination. "Make yourself at home," I mumble, shouldering the door open, allowing her to step in first. Mom brought me up as a gentleman. Though I've no idea how to act around her. "So I take ten for head, eight for a hand-job and well it all depends on you for more, but more than fifty." I stare at her shocked. "I didn't bring you here for my sexual needs …" Awesome, I sound like a grandpa. A tiny part of me wants something from her. I can't even remember the last I've been with a woman. It's sad, I know. Welcome to my life. Take a seat and enjoy. She looks shocked at me. "Then why did you bring me here?" "I rescued you. It would be nice if I knew your name or something." "Because I know your name and that's just standard procedure with my clients." I can sense the sarcasm dripping from her voice. "I'm Edward," I tell her, walking to the bed and flopping it. God, I'm so tired. I've been stupid to drive here. "Call me Desire," she whispers seductively, straddling my lap. Fuck. "Wh-what a-are you d-do-oing?" I stutter like a fucking idiot, but my dick has a mind of its own. One touch is all it's gonna take to get hard. Because you know, it's been forever since it felt a woman's touch. "Making you feel good." She starts unbuttoning my shirt. "Whoa! Wait!" I grasp her hands in mine. "Stop," I mumble, dropping my hands on my head, fisting my hair. She doesn't get the hint, diving for my pants now. I roll us around, pinning her arms above her head. "Seriously, you've got to stop undressing me." "You wanna do that part?" She frowns, but soon it's replaced with a smirk on her full, red lips. "You are into kinky shit." I release her arms and move to the end of the bed. "Listen, we need some rules. I'll be in town for a week—my meeting, remember? In the meantime, I'd like you to stay here … so we're sure the cops are done raiding that place …" "What the fuck are you taking? I need some of that shit. It must be good." It's my turn to frown. "You want me to stay here … and what? Keep you company? You're going to pay me just for sitting around and looking pretty?" I rub my temple. I have dough. If I put my mind to it, I can keep her here. "Say I give you one hundred per day … would you stay and look pretty? That can't be hard …" Her head cocks to the side, regarding me skeptically. "Look, I don't like what you do for a living but I'm sure my opinion doesn't count. You look too young to even be legal. How old are you anyway?" That seems to be the trick question because she charges at me. I walk back surprised and stumble over a table. "You're a fucking cop too! It was too easy to get rid of that one at the club! I'm outta here!" She snatches her backpack off the floor and stalks to the door. "I'm not a fucking cop!" I shout desperately. I want her to stay. "Like hell you're not." I grab her arm just as she reaches the door. I immobilize her with my leg, trapping her between the door and me. She's so fucking tiny. In the meantime, I grab my wallet and show her my business card. "I'm an investor." I hope she knows how to read. "Whatever. Either bend me over the bed or let me go," she bites. I take a step back. We stare at each other for a long time. She has beautiful brown eyes. Then she's gone, the door slamming behind her. Well fuck. I scratch my head . She was a lost cause anyway , I try to convince myself. I don't sleep well that night—tossing and turning. In the morning, I head into the lobby to meet with everyone that's here for the conference. But before I can reach them, a few feet away, I see the girl—Desire—curled up on a sofa. Waving to my guys, I head to the girl and crouch