Nope, not April Fool. :) It really is a new story. I'd like to say it's a different New Moon spin-off than what it's out there. We start about three years and some months after the moment the Cullens left. I'll let you discover more as you read. The door of our apartment slammed shut and I knew that Jake was back. I didn't mind him, knowing he'd go to his room like always. "You've got mail!" he shouted, coming in my room. "Me? What? Bills?" I asked, rolling my eyes. "Why do I get the bills?" "It's an actual letter," he told me, grinning. He threw the envelope at me, nearly taking my eye out. "Watch out, idiot!" I snapped, taking the envelope from my lap. On the back was my full name and on the front was written A.C. Bigfork, Flathead County, Montana. I would have said it was a mistake if there hadn't been my name, too. "A.C.?" Jake asked, plopping next to me on the bed. "Is it your friend, Angela?" I gave him a doubtful look. "Her last name is Cheney now, but she moved to Spokane," I explained, opening the envelope. "Careful, we have limited amounts of band-aids!" he joked. I punched him in the shoulder, groaning. I was glad that the whole werewolf thing had faded, but he was still strong. "Maybe someone's joking. Bigfork?" he snorted. "You're attracting forks." "Can you leave me alone?" I protested, pushing him with my foot. "No way! You got an actual letter in the twenty-first century! I have to know how your great-great-great-grandparents are doing." "People write all the time!" I snapped, taking the letter out. "Emails, sure." "Jacob, I swear…" I threatened him. Bella, It sure was hard to find you. I'm breaking all my promises right now, but this is very important. It's not something I can put on paper, so all I hope is that you don't ignore this and that you're smart enough to call the number at the foot of this page. I wouldn't have done this, not in a million years, if it wasn't this important. It's vital for you to call me. Hoping you're safe and well, Your best friend. PS: Don't stay out after dark and avoid crowds. I'm not a loony, I promise. You know better. 406-555-9971 After I read the letter three times, the words started sinking in and my hands started shaking. My heart constricted and the long forgotten hole in my chest seemed to open up. I gasped for air, suddenly blind as black spots appeared before my eyes. "Bells?" Jake asked worried. He tried taking the letter from my hand but I clutched to it tighter. "What's going on? You're scaring me!" I took a huge gulp of air and swallowed thickly. "Leave me alone for a little," I managed to utter. "Like hell! You're white like a…ghost." "Jake, please," I insisted. I had to call that number to make sure I wasn't dreaming. He finally listened and left the room. On shaky legs, I locked the door and grabbed my phone before falling back on the bed. I was aware Jake was right on the other side of the door, hearing everything. I didn't give a damn. My trembling fingers dialed the number then I put the phone to my ear, my heart in my throat. I became aware of my heart more than ever. It was beating. It was alive. I was alive. Squeezing my eyes to keep from crying, I listened to the ringing tone in my ear. Please, answer. I silently begged. Howdy, it's me, Alice. I'll call you in a jittery. I hated robots. But at least, my suspicious had been confirmed. A.C. was Alice Cullen. I was sure Jasper was proud of her voice mail. The more I thought of them, the more anxious I grew. Something was terribly wrong. She hadn't contacted me in over three years. No one had. Why the sudden change? Why the worry? What was going on? I tried calling her again. Howdy, it's me, Alice. I'll call you- Howdy, it's me, Alice. I'll- Howdy, it's- Howdy, it's me, Ali- Why wasn't she answering? I was having a heart attack! I could feel something was wrong. As if we hadn't stopped talking, I just was my old self…having them around… Had something happened with…? I couldn't even conceive that. No. She was probably done with the no talking thing. I longed talking to her. They had been ripped from me because Edward left. A sob escaped me as I pressed re-dial. "Hello!" Alice answered quietly. "I'll call you in three-five minutes. Promise." She just hung up. And I realized she wasn't alone. I waited anxiously, twisting the phone in my hands. The digits on my phone seemed to change extremely slowly, like years passed until it turned into another number. Suddenly, my phone buzzed to life and I dropped it in my haste to answer quickly. When I finally pressed the green button, I was breathing heavily. "Hi, Bella," Alice whispered. "Hi," I breathed. It felt surreal. "Can you be at the Starbucks in the corner in ten minutes?" "Uh? What?" "The one from the corner of your street," she said impatiently. "You're kind of going back on your words. It's dark outside," I pointed out, letting out a nervous giggle. "Don't worry. Jasper will be very close to you in case something happens. I'm waiting." She hung up. Again. I didn't give a damn I was wearing my short pajama pants and a tank top. I just stepped into my flip-flops and grabbed the keys before I left the room. Jake was in the hallway, lurking. "Going somewhere? Like that?" He laughed. "Just downstairs. I'll…be right back." "I'm not stupid Bella. What's going on?" "I have no idea, but when I'll be back…you'll know everything. Promise." I exited the building, looking left and right then moving quickly in the direction of Starbucks. I could hear someone walking behind me at some distance and when the nerves got the best of me, I glanced behind. I had to make sure it was Jasper. I couldn't really tell since the person had a hoodie over their head and was jogging slowly, the wires of headphones going to their pocket. I looked toward the Starbucks, quickening my pace. I pushed the door open and scanned the place that was quite empty since it was so late. Then I saw her. In the corner of the shop. But something was wrong about her. I couldn't put my finger on what was odd as I ran to her and caught her in a hug. "Alice!" I moaned, hugging her tightly. "Oh, Bella!" She rose and hugged me back. "It's so good to see you." Then something occurred to me. She must be uncomfortable. I moved back and looked at her eyes to see if my theory was right or wrong. But what I saw made my eyes widen when I was met with a pair of deep blue eyes. "Uh, Alice?" I asked tentatively. "Hello, Bella." Someone put their hand on my back. I turned to see Jasper, the hoodie on his back now. His eyes were a cloudy blue-grey. "What?" I asked confused, my head was swirling. My skin was burning on the spot Jasper was touching me. His hand was warm—not warm, it was burning. "Sit down, Bella," Alice told me softly. "Do you like coffee?" "Umm, yeah sure." I nodded, sitting in the booth. "Jazz, go get her a coffee." She turned to me, swallowing before clearing her throat. "What do you see?" "You and Jasper. Hu…mmm…aaan," I mumbled, stumbling over the foreign word. She smiled, sighing. "Yes, we are." "How? I mean, how did it happen? Are all of you…? Where are the others?" "Oh, calm down, Bella. Are you sure you want the coffee?" Jasper asked teasingly, putting the cup in front of me. "You're really hyper." I rolled my eyes watching him sit next to Alice and putting an arm around her shoulders. I'd never seen them exposing their feelings so freely. "How is this possible?" I asked anxiously. "Tell me this is some joke." "It's not, Bella. We're humans. I know it's a lot to take in, but please keep up. I have a lot to tell you," Alice whispered. "Wait, Alice. I can't get over the fact that you're here and that you're alive!" "Of course, when we were vampires, she didn't even blink. Now, she's full of questions," Jasper groaned. "Jasper!" Alice shrieked, slapping his forearm making him moaned in pain. It was still hard to understand what was happening. "Okay, why am I here?" I asked, sipping from my coffee. "I don't even know where to start," Alice whispered, looking out the window. "The coffee shop will close soon. Why don't you come over?" I blurted out. Jake was going to kill me. "Are you sure?" Alice asked. "Yeah, unless you have a hotel room or something." I shrugged, watching her blue eyes widen. "No, we just got here. Lead the way." I felt weird walking next to Alice toward my building. It was like she was some rare exhibit and everyone was staring…of course, the staring part was only in my imagination. After I opened the front door and we started ascending, I glanced at her and pinched her arm. "Ow!" she squeaked glaring at me and rubbing the red spot that had formed on her arm. "What was that for, Bella?" "I had to make sure…" I mumbled, fumbling with my keys to open the apartment's door. "You didn't have to pinch me!" Alice reasoned. "Oh, my God! What's that noise?" she asked worried at the sounds of gun shots. She exchanged a panicked look with Jasper. "Uh, it's just Jake…I mean the TV…Jake watching TV," I stumbled over my words. "I'm back!" I shouted toward the living room. "Are you going to tell me where you've been?" he shouted back, not bothering to lower the volume. I took a calming breath and nudged Alice and Jasper to the living room. The joy of living with Jake… Living with a boy rivaled living in a pig's pen. I was sure. I flipped the light on making him groan in protest and finally lower the volume of his stupid movie. "Jake, we have guests," I whispered. Don't flip out! I silently begged. "Oh, AC was Angela?" Jake asked turning to us. His eyes widened and he choked on his gulp of beer. Then anger flashed on his face and he was up before I could blink. "What the fuck are you doing here?" he shouted, striding to us. I placed myself between them, with my back at Alice and Jasper. "Whoa, you crazed man!" I yelled, putting my hands on his chest. "Just look at them. They have to tell me something important." "Why are you here? You're mistaken if you think you can waltz back in her life!" Jake snapped, hugging me his chest. "Leave, before I find a way to kill you both!" "It will be easier than you think," Jasper told him seriously. I tried to get out of Jacob's embrace but it was difficult since he was so strong. "Jake, just look at their eyes. Please," I whispered. He tensed up and I knew that he realized something was different. His arms fell to his sides and I turned to our guests. "Are you convinced now?" Alice asked softly. "Wow! What the hell happened?" Jake asked. "If you'd let us talk, I'll explain," she answered. "Start talking. I'm really curious." I rolled my eyes and led them to the couch. Lucky I had grabbed the coffee too. It was going to be a long night. Alice sat next to me with Jasper by her side while Jake sat on the floor resting his back against the coffee table. Alice had her