Beta: NiRi Disclaimers: I don't own the characters and have no claim on them. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- 'How did I come to be in this place?' Aragorn wondered as he stared at the door in front of him. He dreaded what lay just beyond the door, but knew that he had no choice in the matter. The sudden urge to turn tail and make his way home to Imladris swept through him and he had to force himself to remain where he stood. But since he had so recently journeyed to take his place among his people, he knew that he would get more questions than he was comfortable with if he should try to return home. It was only a few months ago that Elladan and Elrohir had accompanied him to an encampment of the Dúnedain to introduce him as Aragorn, son of Arathorn. They had chosen to introduce him to the acting Chieftain and his patrol first, to give both the Dúnedain and Aragorn time to become accustomed to his return. His brothers had left him there, after ensuring that he would receive a warm welcome among his people. Returning to the village where he had been born, he took up residence in the house in which he had lived until the age of two. It would not be long before he began joining patrols and visiting other villages of the Dúnedain. For the moment, however, he was spending his time in conference with the elders of the village, those who had known his father and were intent on helping him to learn more about his people. Two nights ago, answering a knock on the door, Aragorn found the acting Chieftain, a man named Arvellon, and an unfamiliar man standing on his doorstep. Inviting them inside, he nodded to Arvellon. He had come to respect the man greatly during their short acquaintance. "Good evening," he said with a nod. "Good evening, my lord." Arvellon inclined his head in greeting. "This is Erthor. He was a friend of your father's and wanted to meet you." "I am honored to meet any who called my father friend," Aragorn replied, reaching out to clasp arms with the man in welcome. He gestured toward the chairs in front of the fireplace. "Would you care to sit for a time? I would like to speak with you, as well." Sitting by the hearth, they spoke for several hours, during which Aragorn heard many new tales of his father. Finally, though, the man broached the true reason for his visit. After finishing a humorous story of Arathorn with Elladan and Elrohir, Erthor sat back in his seat, chuckling softly to himself. His chuckles died away as he stared at Aragorn. After a long pause, he took a deep breath and spoke again. "Your father and I were great friends, Aragorn, and we had great hopes that we would be able to raise our children in safety, though that was not to be. We had great hopes indeed for our children, you and my daughter." With a pause that seemed rather significant to Aragorn, he said the words that Aragorn had feared would come from his mouth next. "You see, my lord, my daughter was born only two months after you. As babes, you would play and laugh together, and your father and I had hopes that you would grow to love each other and marry. Though we never signed any papers, we came to a verbal agreement that the two of you would wed when you were old enough." Though Aragorn fought to keep his expression impassive, some of his panic must have leached through, for Erthor hastily continued. "Of course I do not expect you to keep to this agreement if you and my daughter do not wish it." Suppressing his sigh of relief, Aragorn nodded to Erthor. "If you do not expect me to hold to this agreement you made with my father, why then do you tell this to me now?" The man seemed rather hesitant to continue. "I had the thought that you would meet with her, and perhaps, the two of you will come to enjoy each other's company. You are both still quite young, and there is no rush for either of you to marry. I would ask that you meet now and mayhap, in the future, you will find that the idea is not so distasteful as you may find it now." A frown furrowed his brow. "You have not already pledged to a woman, have you, my lord?" A sharp pain stabbed through Aragorn as he thought over how to answer. He knew he loved Arwen and would never love another, but he did not know if Arwen truly returned his affections. Could he tell these men that Elrond had foretold that he should not marry or pledge troth to any woman for many long years yet? No, that was too close to his heart and was not for any others to know. So he answered in the only way he could. "No, I have not." And so his fate was sealed, bringing him to this moment. Erthor's daughter, Coruwen, awaited him just beyond the door in front of him. It took much more courage than it should have to reach up and knock on the door. Taking a deep breath, he forced a smile to his face as the door swung open. The grey haired matron on the other side smiled warmly at him. "Please come in, my lord. I am Haneth. My husband agreed that I should be chaperone this night." "It is my pleasure to meet you," Aragorn said, bowing his head toward her. "Such a polite young man." With a smile, she gestured for him to precede her to a table across the room. "Please be seated. My daughter will be here shortly. She has prepared a delicious meal for you and wishes for you to be comfortable while you wait." Aragorn stood and held out a chair for the woman to sit, but she waved him off. "Oh, I'm not joining you two for the meal, my lord. I'll just be in my chair, repairing my husband's clothing." She shook her head in fond exasperation. "He's just so rough on them that I seem to be constantly working on one thing or another." Seeing that Aragorn was standing by the table, not seeming to know what to think, she gestured for him to take a seat at the table. "Oh, don't stand on my account. Just seat yourself." Bemused, Aragorn seated himself at the table, though it did not seem right to sit while his hostess still stood. To his relief, she sat down in her chair and picked up her sewing. That seemed to her a sign to cease speaking, and she concentrated on her handiwork, ignoring his presence in the room. Feeling quite uncomfortable, Aragorn gazed around the room as he waited. Like many homes among the Dúnedain, the interior was simple, but cozy and warm. A rug lay across the floor near the hearth, blankets and pillows adorned the chairs, and special heirlooms were set carefully on tables or upon the walls. Hearing a sound from the kitchen, Aragorn turned toward the doorway to see a young woman enter the room carrying a tray with two empty glasses, a full pitcher of water and a loaf of bread. Rising to his feet, he studied her as she approached. Her dark hair was held back tightly out of her face, and her blue-grey eyes were focused on the tray in her hands. She wore a long, green dress with an apron tied over the front. She glanced up to meet his eyes briefly and flushed, quickly looking back at the food. Haneth spoke up from where she was sitting. "Lord Aragorn, this is my daughter, Coruwen. Coruwen, greet the Lord Aragorn properly, please." The woman in front of him flushed again and attempted a curtsey while still holding the tray. She mumbled something under her breath that sounded like 'pleased to meet you, my lord'. Seeing the items on the tray rattle alarmingly, Aragorn quickly reached forward and took the tray from her hands, setting it on the table. Freed of the tray, she swept into a deeper curtsey, keeping her eyes fixed on the floor. He held his hand out to her to bring her back to her feet. She did not take it, which left his hand hanging awkwardly in the air. "Please, you do not need to do this," Aragorn said. "There is no need to curtsey." She rose to her feet and made her way over to the table, gesturing for Aragorn to take his seat again. When he tried to pull her chair out for her, she did not seem to know whether to take it or remain standing. Finally, after an uncomfortable moment, she sat down in the chair, nearly trapping Aragorn's hand as she leaned back into the chair. Quickly taking his hand back, he seated himself. She reached for the pitcher and began pouring the water into the glasses, but her hand was shaking so badly that some of the water missed the glasses, spilling onto the table. The slight tilt of the table seemed to funnel the water straight toward Aragorn. Grabbing the cloth by his plate, Aragorn stemmed the flow of water before it could fall into his lap. "Oh!" Rising abruptly, Coruwen bumped into the table, spilling even more water, as she darted into the kitchen, returning with a towel to mop up the mess. "I'm sorry," she apologized, her voice tight as she took the towel back into the kitchen. Upon her return, she reclaimed her seat and stared down at her hands in her lap. Before Aragorn could think of anything else to say, Haneth spoke up from her chair. "I believe the chicken will have to cook for a little while longer. Why do you not try some of the bread, my lord? Coruwen cooked the entire meal herself and spent a great deal of time in the kitchen today." Glancing at Coruwen and getting no response, Aragorn shrugged and reached for the loaf of bread. Intending to tear off a piece for himself and one for his companion, he halted in surprise as soon as he touched the bread. Rather than the soft texture he expected, the item under his hand felt more like a rock than anything edible. Not allowing the unease he felt to show on his face, he picked up the bread and took it between his hands, attempting to tear into it. Unfortunately, that plan failed when he was unable to so much as place a dent in the bread with his bare hands. Not wanting to insult the lady, he placed the loaf on his plate and picked up his knife. He was finally able to break it by sawing through the bread until it cracked down the middle. Now that he had two rock-like objects, he wasn't quite sure what to do with them, but glancing up at Coruwen, he thought he saw her lips twitch slightly in amusement. Reaching over, he placed half of the bread on her plate. Keeping her eyes on her lap, she didn't even acknowledge the gesture. Aragorn just stared at the lump of bread on his plate and decided to follow her example. He didn't want to offend her, but he was afraid that if he tried to take a bite, he'd break a tooth. Thinking that conversation would help break the awkwardness between them, Aragorn racked his brain trying to find something to talk about. "Do you have any siblings?" "Yes." Her voice was soft, barely audible, and she did not offer to elaborate on her answer. "How many?" he asked, wanting to draw her out at least enough to talk to him. "One." Waiting a moment, Aragorn asked another question. "Brother or