Beta: NiRi Summary: Aragorn and Elladan must keep watch over their injured companions. Written for the Naked Yule challenge issued by NiRi and Fiondil. The challenge stories have to include the following: Aragorn, Legolas, Glorfindel, snow, a horse, a naked elf, a confession, and whichever Christmas symbols or references make sense for the story. Disclaimers: I don't claim any right to the characters or creations of Tolkien. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Aragorn swung his sword in an arc, taking the head of the orc in front of him. Panting from fatigue, he turned quickly to check for the next enemy, only to slowly realize that the only ones standing were he, Elrohir, Elladan and Legolas. Not willing to lower his guard just yet, he scanned his gaze over the ground, noting the fallen orcs and looking for signs of movement, studying the woods around them. Only when he was convinced that all of their enemies were dead did he dare to lower his sword to his side and relax his tense battle-ready posture. He turned back to face his brothers and Legolas. "Is everyone well?" Roaming his eyes over the others, he automatically began cataloging possible signs of injury. His eyes narrowed when he noticed Legolas holding a hand to his side, and a growing red stain on his tunic under the hand. "Legolas?" His voice was filled with concern as he quickly crossed over to his friend's side. "I do not believe it is serious." Legolas tried to deflect Aragorn's worry, but the pallor of his face and the pain evident in his voice belied his statement. "Why do you not let me be the judge of that, my friend?" Aragorn took Legolas' arm lightly in his and directed him to sit on a nearby log, brushing away the coating of snow first, so that he could examine the wound. Glancing aside at his brothers, he saw Elladan reach out to steady Elrohir as the younger twin swayed where he stood. "Elladan?" Aragorn asked, nodding toward Elrohir, asking for information on his condition. Elladan nodded to indicate that he had heard the question, but kept his attention focused on his twin. "Elrohir, where are you hurt?" His eyes roamed over his brother, looking for the injury, but there was nothing immediately apparent until he gently turned his brother around, keeping one arm wrapped around his brother's waist for support. "My back," Elrohir whispered, grasping Elladan's arm to steady himself and keep upright. "Yes, I see that," Elladan said, his voice grim. A large gash cut across Elrohir's back, from left shoulder to right hip, and his clothing was soaked through with blood. Glancing around for a place clear of the detritus of battle, Elladan helped Elrohir to walk over to where Aragorn was examining Legolas' injury. He lowered his brother gently to sit on the ground, allowing him to lean forward and rest against the same log upon which Legolas sat. "How were you still standing, 'Ro? You lost a lot of blood." He glanced up and looked worriedly at Aragorn for a moment before gently removing the shredded cloak and pulling Elrohir's tunic away from his body to get a better look at the wound. Elladan grimaced when he realized that he could see bone through the gash over several of Elrohir's ribs. The injury was deepest at the shoulder, and grew shallower as it progressed downward. "How is Legolas?" he asked, to distract Elrohir from what he was doing as he used Elrohir's discarded cloak to apply pressure in an attempt to slow the flow of blood. "Not as well as he would have you believe," Aragorn said, attempting to keep his tone light, but failing miserably as he examined the injury. Once he had pulled aside the clothing, he had seen a nasty puncture wound underneath Legolas' ribs on the right side. "Our friend here apparently managed to get himself stabbed. I cannot see how deeply the weapon went. I would hazard a guess that it missed the heart since he is still alive, and he would have bled to death already if it had severed a major artery, but beyond that, I cannot yet tell. There is a lot of blood here." He looked up into Legolas' pale face. "Are you having any trouble breathing? With the upward angle the blade took, there is the possibility of damage to your lungs." Shaking his head, Legolas hissed in pain as Aragorn prodded the injury. "I can breathe well enough, as long as you do not do that!" He reached a hand down to swat Aragorn's hands away, but a look from Aragorn stayed the movement. "Forgive me, but I must determine how badly you are injured." Glancing quickly aside at his brothers, he caught a glimpse of Elrohir's back and winced in concern. An injury of that size would take many stitches, and a good deal more treatment than they could give while in the middle of a battlefield. Reaching up, he took Legolas' hand and pressed it against the injury. "Keep pressure on this. It should help slow the bleeding. We cannot remain here. I will scout for a safe place to take refuge for the evening. You both need to be treated and should be moved no more than necessary." Elladan nodded agreement. "I will tend to them both. Could you check on the horses and bring me one of our bags before you venture far? We should have some three-seven root that will help stop the bleeding." As he stood, Aragorn looked around at their surroundings. "I will return shortly with the bags." Picking up his sword from where he had leaned it against the log, he quickly wiped it clean and sheathed it before striding away. It would not do to go anywhere in these dangerous times without a weapon. They had ordered the horses to flee the battle to keep them out of the orcs' reach, but the well-trained elven horses should return swiftly at the correct signal. Aragorn wanted to keep enough distance from the battle scene so that the horses would not be spooked by the scent of the orcs and the blood that had been spilled. Giving two sharp whistles, he waited for the return of the horses. After a moment, he heard movement off to his left, and turned, ever on the alert, to see three horses approaching him, one of which was limping. His brow furrowed in concern at the fact that Legolas' horse was limping and that his own horse was missing. "What happened, Tinnu?" he asked gently as he approached the horse and examined the leg that the grey stallion was favoring. He didn't see any obvious injuries, but the horse flinched when he ran his hands down the lower leg. That movement combined with the heat and slight swelling along the cannon bone made him think the horse had bowed a tendon in his flight from the orcs, possibly by taking a misstep. After making sure there was no injury that needed immediate attention, he turned back to Elladan and Elrohir's horses. "I hope you two are well." He spoke in a quiet voice to them as he approached, and began riffling through the saddlebags tied to Elladan's stallion, Thalion. "Ah, here is the bag your master wanted." He patted Thalion's flanks and whistled for the horses to follow him. "I don't suppose you could tell me where Baraben has gone? I hope he has not fallen prey to our enemy." As he approached the clearing, he ordered the horses to remain where they were, and he continued on his way to Elladan's side. "Here," he said, offering the bag to his brother. Noticing that Legolas was now sitting on the ground beside Elrohir, resting his head back against the log with his eyes closed, Aragorn looked inquiringly at Elladan. "The blood loss is taking its toll on them both," Elladan explained. "They are growing weaker and need treatment soon." Opening his eyes as Elladan spoke, Legolas turned his gaze toward Aragorn. "It is not as serious as that, though I do admit that I will be relieved to find a place to rest for the remainder of the day. I must admit I am quite tired." Seemingly forcing his eyes to stay open, he glanced at the bag that Elladan was now rummaging through. "I see you found the horses. What was their condition?" "Tinnu was limping. It could be just a mild strain, though I would not rule out a bowed tendon. I fear riding him is out of the question for some time." Aragorn turned his attention to Elladan. "Thalion and Sadron are well, but Baraben is missing." "Did you see any sign that the orcs took him?" Elladan asked in concern. "I thought the horses would all remain together. If he was taken by orcs, there would likely be some sign." "I did not take the time to look," Aragorn admitted. "Perhaps after we are settled for the evening and all wounds are tended. I rather fear that he bolted at the smell of orcs, or the sound of battle. He is a spirited horse, and not yet fully trained, as you know." Elladan shook his head. "I warned you that he should not be ridden until he was fully trained." Sighing, he looked at Aragorn. "We do not have time to worry over your horse right now, you are correct. You must find shelter, and quickly." He placed a pinch of the three-seven root in Elrohir's mouth and coaxed him to swallow it. It was only at that point that Aragorn noticed that Elrohir was barely conscious. Aragorn nodded as Elladan gave the same root to Legolas, knowing that it would help stop the flow of blood from the wounds until they could be better treated. "I will borrow Thalion and return soon." A wave of the hand was Elladan's only response, as he kept his attention focused on the injured elves. Quickly returning to the horses, Aragorn mounted Thalion and ordered the other two to remain where they were. He wanted them close in case Elladan and the others had need of them. Luckily, it did not take a great deal of searching before Aragorn found a small cave, roomy enough for their purposes, somewhat hidden, and most importantly, uninhabited. There was no sign that any animals or orcs had made it a home or resting place in a long time. He rode quickly back to his brothers and Legolas, and they very carefully helped Elrohir and Legolas onto a horse and then rode double with them, doing everything they could to keep the ride from jostling their injuries. By the time they rode the short distance to the cave, however, Elrohir was unconscious, and Legolas was barely aware of his surroundings. Aragorn and Elladan quickly got them off the horses and settled into the cave. Elladan gathered the supplies they would need from the saddlebags, turning the horses loose to wander. He told them to stay near the cave and for Tinnu to mind his injured leg. Aragorn retrieved wood for a fire so they could melt the snow and have water to clean the wounds. His only problem was finding dry wood, as snow had covered the ground for the past week. Finally finding some dry twigs and leaves under the overhanging branches of an evergreen, he found enough wood to start a fire and keep it going for a short time. He also gathered wet wood, planning to place it near the fire to dry out for use later. It took a few minutes to start a fire, gather a pot full of snow, and set it to melt. Then they turned their attention back to the injured elves. Elrohir had been laid on his stomach on a clean cloak from their supplies, and Legolas lay on his back, his face ashen as he drifted in and