Betas: Radbooks, NiRi, and Shell. Thanks, this story would have been quite a bit shorter without your help. Summary: Aragorn suffers through an injury that robs him of sight and hearing, leaving him to fumble alone in the dark, to experience the world through only touch. This was written based on the Middle-earth challenge prompt #31: Touch, and should be considered a prompt inspired fic. Disclaimers: None of the characters are mine, I don't own them or have any rights to them. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Aragorn struggled through the dark abyss holding onto him as he fought for wakefulness. His head hurt with a throbbing pain that made him wish it were no longer attached to his body. His ears hurt with a sharp pain like he had never felt before and his eyes felt raw and irritated, as if they had been rubbed with shards of broken glass. He ached all over, and did not know why. What had happened to him? Why couldn't he remember it? Fighting against the pain and lethargy filling his being, he tried to force his eyes open. When all he could perceive was more darkness, questions filled his thoughts. Where was he that he was still in utter darkness? If he were outside, even at night there would be some light, from the moon or the stars. There was nothing like that now. The only way he could be in darkness this absolute was if he were in a cave. Moving his hand out from his side, he felt soft sheets, not the rough cave floor he had expected. Confusion filled his already clouded mind, and he struggled to wake up further to try and make sense of it. Now that he was concentrating, he could feel the soft bed beneath him. If he were somewhere safe, why was he surrounded by darkness? Deciding to risk the pain, he slowly turned his head to the side, hoping to catch a glimpse of light, the flicker of a candle, something to break through this black cloak smothering him. A sense of dizziness nearly overwhelmed him and he abruptly stopped his movement. When he had moved, however, he felt the presence of someone near him, sitting on the edge of the bed next to his legs. Knowing that there was someone nearby nearly panicked him. If there was someone else in the room with him, then there was likely enough light for that person to see, and some other reason why he could not see it. Why couldn't he see? A hand gently touched his face, and he recognized the touch. It was his father. Hopefully, now he could get some answers. "Ada?" As he asked the question, he heard nothing, not even his own voice. Panic now truly had him in its grip. He could neither see nor hear. What was going on? What had happened to him? His breathing quickened, and he felt as if he would once again succumb to unconsciousness. A hand traced down his cheek soothingly, and another gripped his flailing hand in a firm grasp. The soothing touch helped calm him a little, and he did his best to relax his body back into the bed. A light touch to his forehead seemed to indicate approval. Wincing slightly, Aragorn realized that the skin on his face was very sensitive, it felt slightly burned. Pushing the discomfort aside, he realized that though he could not see or hear, he might still be able to find some answers. Forcing the pain to the back of his mind, he took a deep breath before asking his questions. "What happened? Why can't I see or hear?" He didn't know how he would be given answers, but he had to hope that Elrond would be able to help him. The hand grasping his brought his hand up to Aragorn's head and gently traced Aragorn's fingers over a thick bandage around his head. Feeling the bandages covering his eyes, Aragorn worked to still the panic rising in him. The bandages would explain why he couldn't see, but would he be able to see when they were removed? Tracing his hand around his head, he found a very painful bump and drew his hand away with a hiss. "I was injured?" Aragorn's hand was drawn upwards now, to rest on the back of Elrond's head. Aragorn felt him nod. At least he could ask yes or no questions and get some answers. "My eyes were injured?" Another nod, and this time, Elrond took his other hand and tapped once in his palm. "Will I be able to see again?" Aragorn's heart nearly stopped as Elrond stilled under his hand. After an interminable amount of time, Elrond nodded, but Aragorn could sense his hesitation. "You're not sure of that, are you?" There was another long hesitation, then Elrond shook his head from side to side, simultaneously tapping a finger twice on Aragorn's hand. Struggling to calm his breathing and concentrate on anything but the thought that he might never see again, Aragorn realized what Elrond was doing by tapping his hand. "One tap for yes, two taps for no?" Another nod, and a single tap in his palm told him he had gotten it right. Taking his hand from Elrond's head, he clasped the hand holding his. "Why can't I hear?" Elrond gently moved Aragorn's hand up to the bandage covering his head. "The head injury is causing it?" Elrond tapped his hand twice. Aragorn frowned in puzzlement, then rephrased his question. "Were my ears injured at the same time as I received the other injuries?" A single tap this time, and Aragorn swallowed hard before asking the next question. "Do you think I'll be able to hear again?" Elrond tapped his hand once, though it did not feel very certain to Aragorn. Though he did not want to give in to panic, Aragorn could not stop the fear rising in him. Wanting nothing more than to feel his father's arms hold him and chase the fear away as he had done in Aragorn's childhood, he admitted how he felt. "I'm scared, Ada." Arms reached forward and very gently pulled Aragorn into a sitting position, and then he was held safely in his father's arms. Pressing his head against his father, Aragorn waited many moments for the dizziness caused by his movements to fade. Aragorn shuddered as he gave in to the fear and pain coursing through him, and he clung to his father like he had not since he was much younger. Elrond's hands rubbed gently up and down his back, soothing him. Aragorn's head rested against Elrond's chest, and he could feel the gentle rise and fall with each breath his father took, as well as the steady beat of his heart. There was a vibration that Aragorn realized was Elrond speaking. Though he couldn't hear the words, he was still comforted by the thought that his father was speaking to him, trying to soothe him. A droplet of water landed on the top of his head, and he was struck with the realization that it was a tear. His arms tightened around Elrond at the thought that his father was hurting and scared, just as he was. Here, as he relaxed into the warmth and love surrounding him, Aragorn did not feel so alone. Slowly, he sank back into the world of sleep, and he did not even notice when Elrond laid him back on the bed and sat beside him, holding his hand. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- When Aragorn awoke, he had a moment of disorientation as he found himself once more in darkness and silence. After a moment, his foggy mind reminded him of his current situation. Remembering the night before, Aragorn swore not to succumb to fear as he had earlier. Though he was terrified of this darkness, he would not let the others see it. A groan escaped him as the pain in his head, eyes and ears once more made themselves known to him. Muttering a soft curse in his head, Aragorn reached out and felt around him, finding no one nearby. A frown crossed his face at the thought that they would leave him alone while he was still so…helpless. His frown deepened at the word his mind supplied. He hated feeling helpless, but at the moment, no better word applied. Placing his hands on the mattress, he gingerly pushed himself up into a sitting position, holding his hands to his head as he was once again assailed by overwhelming dizziness. How long would he be bothered by this? He could not change positions without feeling this horribly disconcerting sensation. A hand touched his shoulder, and he nearly jumped at the unexpectedness of it. The hand rubbed lightly up and down his arm in apology, and the bed dipped slightly as the person sat on the bed beside him. Taking a deep breath, Aragorn tried to calm his nerves. "Forgive me, I did not know you were there." A squeeze of his shoulder was the response. Though he did not want to admit how badly he was hurting, he knew that it was the only way he would be able to find any relief. "My injuries pain me greatly. Much as I hate the taste, I will admit that I am in need of some willow bark tea." The hand squeezed his shoulder again and he felt a movement beside him as the person stood and moved away. Aragorn bent his legs upward and leaned forward to rest his head against his knees, holding his head in his hands as if to keep it from falling off. When the bed dipped again, indicating the return of whoever was in his room, it took many minutes for him to raise his head again. A warm cup was placed in his hands, and it was guided and steadied as Aragorn brought it to his lips to drink. As expected, the tea tasted awful, but did the job it was made to do. Aragorn rested his head back on his knees as he waited for the pain to subside. Finally, he felt well enough to raise his head once more. Throughout it all, a hand rubbed soothingly over his back, letting him know that he was not alone. As the smell of a rich stew reached his nose, Aragorn realized that he was quite hungry. Putting his remaining pain aside, he tried to pretend he felt better than he did. "Is that stew for me, I hope?" The hand reached down to take his, and tapped once in his palm. "Good," Aragorn said, reaching out with his free hand for the bowl. A double tap in his hand stopped his movement. "Am I not allowed to eat?" Aragorn asked. The person beside him held Aragorn's hands out, palm up, and then placed the bowl in one hand, and a spoon in the other. Aragorn had never thought about how difficult it would be to eat when he could not see, but he quickly found out just how tricky it could be. The person beside him helped him guide the spoon to his mouth so that he would not spill, until Aragorn had gained more confidence. Once the stew was gone, the hand reached out with a wet cloth and gently wiped his face clean. Aragorn grimaced at that, it only reinforced his feelings of helplessness. He quickly forced an impassive expression onto his face, not wanting to burden whoever was helping him with his own feelings of inadequacy. A glass full of cool water was placed in his hands, and after placing the tip of his finger over the brim of the glass to determine how close it was to the mouth of the glass, he drank his fill of the refreshing liquid before handing it back to the one helping him. Reaching out, Aragorn grasped the hand resting on his arm and traced his fingers