"Esme, talk to me, what's wrong?" A worried Carlisle asked. "Nothing, absolutely nothing. Just go leave me alone." She said just above a whisper. He got closer to her and placed his hand on her shoulder but when she flinched and moved away, he did as she had asked and returned to the house worried about his house. As soon as he had set foot in the house, he was met with worried eyes. "What happened where is she?" Asked Rosalie worried, he signed. "She told me to leave her alone, she didn't want to tell me what's bothering her" he said dejected. "I'm going after her to see what the matter is." Rosalie announced. "I don't think it's a good idea Rosalie, if she didn't want to talk to Carlisle she wouldn't talk to you." Edward said in his usual superior tone. "Don't tell me what to do Edward I don't care what you think, I know that she will talk to me, she always does, so don't try to interfere." Rosalie said angrily before taking off toward the woods leaving behind her very confused looking vampires. Rosalie followed Esme scent deep into the woods and as soon as she spotted her she stopped running and started to walk slowly toward her friend. She slowly wrapped her arms around the other women's waist from behind and squeezed. When she didn't feel her flinch or freeze she placed he head on her shoulder. Soon Esme leaned into her arms and took a deep breath. They stayed in silence for a couple of minutes before Esme spoke. "You know Rose, life is really unfair sometimes." Rosalie nodded, she may not read minds but she knew her friend so well those simple words made her understand what was happening to her. She knew what was making her act the way she was. "I know." "Why does it have to be this way? She gave up her life to be with him, she got a child when she didn't even want one. Why? Why? Where is the fairness in that? We both would give up our immortality in an instant to receive such a blessing and she, by giving up her life for love she received what we both yearn for." Esme said as sobs raked her body. Their force was so great it threw both of the on the ground. Rosalie wrapped her arms around the brunette and pulled her into her whispering soothing words in her ears. After a while she started to calm down, and when she stopped Rosalie took her head between her hands and looked into the filed tears eyes -tears that would never fall - before kissing both her cheeks. "Are you feeling better now?" Rose asked in a whisper. "I don't know, I think so, thank you." Esme said placing her head on Rosalie's chest. "You never have to thank me for anything, you know that, I would do anything for you." "I know." They stayed like this for a while in complete silence, Esme on top of Rose, head resting on the other girl chest. They were both so at ease that they could pass as being asleep. "I can't go back Rose, I can't face them anymore. All the threats have been dealt with, Victoria is dead, and no one is in danger anymore, Bella was changed. Nessie is fine with her wolfs, the only problem is that Edward and the rest of them are too blind to see that they should tell the Volturi about Nessie not hide her, idiots. I love them I do but I can't see them everyday living oblivious to the world, not understanding the blessing that they have received." Esme said. "Okay, we will leave if that what you want." "Rose you don't have to go, I will be fine on my own I can take care of myself." "I know but what would I possibly do without you here, I don't think I would be able to last a day without tearing Edward to small pieces." She said chuckling. "You would have Emmet, he makes you happy, he may not be your mate but he loves you." "Carlisle loves you too but that doesn't mean you will change your mind when it comes to leaving because of him. And besides, you know that you are the only thing that kept me with the coven for so long, I would have left a long time ago if it weren't for you." Rosalie said. "I guess we are both leaving then." Esme announced. "we sure are" Rosalie said smiling. "Do you want to go back now or do you want to stay here a little while longer." Esme asked hoping for the later. "Let's stay here for a little bit longer, I want to get as much peace and quiet as possible before we go back." Rosalie answered, adjusting her position on the ground so she was scooping Esme from behind. They stayed like this for a while, both enjoying the silence and the others presence. A long time ago they had made the decision to be a part of the Olympic coven, but everybody new that it wouldn't last that they would leave eventually. When Esme was changed, Carlisle took Care of her made her feel loved and wanted, in the beginning she had thought that they were mates but after a while she had realized that she didn't feel the pull that she should feel, the longing, Carlisle didn't complete her the way a mate should. It wasn't that they didn't love each other, they did, but they were too different wanted different things. They had decided to stay together enjoying the companionship, but as soon as one of them found their mate or simply wanted to move on with his or her life, they would let the other go. When Rosalie was changed, an instant connection between her and Esme was born. It may have been the same experiences they shared in their lives or maybe it was their shared views on life, but they had made an instant connection, a bond. They started spending a lot of time with each other, and soon became inseparable. They knew the others biggest secrets, thoughts and goals. They had become best friends, sisters and much more. They couldn't and wouldn't leave without the other, they were as they say joined to the hip. They travelled a lot together, seen a lot of places and met a lot of people. They loved those times alone, because they weren't surrounded by noisy people who always snooped into their minds, manipulated their emotions or searched for every decision they would make. They were on their own, allowing their minds to wonder for once freely. Time past, hour's days they didn't know or notice, they were content sitting together lost in thoughts. Suddenly they heard someone clearing his throat, startled they jumped to their feet and crouched. They had been so lost in thoughts, so relaxed that they hadn't heard anyone approaching. "Sorry to have startled you, I was just worried. You've been gone for two days." An uncomfortable looking Bella said. Upon seeing that it wasn't a threat, both vampires relaxed their stands but stayed on their guard. "As you see we are completely fine, now leave." Was Rosalie's cold replay. Bella was shocked, first she stumbled upon the sight of the two women in each other's arms oblivious to the world so relaxed that they hadn't even heard her approach. And now Rosalie was glaring at her, using that cold voice she hadn't heard since the battle with the newborns. But what surprised her even more was that both women were more comfortable and relaxed with each other than they were with their mates. "Sorry but I was worried, you've been gone for two days and Alice can see you anymore. We were afraid something happened to you both." she defended. "I'm pretty sure we are grown women, we don't need anyone to look after us, and we can manage that just fine on our own." Rosalie said harshly. "Rose calm down a little she was just worried. Thank you Bella for coming all this way to find us, but as you can see we are completely fine so no need to worry." Esme said stepping between the two. Bella hearing the dismissal in Esme's voice, decided to leave them be, too afraid of the blonde's rage. "Okay I will leave now, but can I ask you how long will you be staying here." "Not much more, a couple of hour's maybe." She said with a small smile. Bella nodded and ran in the direction of the house. Rosalie's reaction was one she was used to, but never in all her life had she thought that Esme would dismiss her like this. She always seemed to be the motherly finger in the family, the one that they go to if they had a problem, she would always listen and give advice. Never had she told any of them to leave if they came to her, she always dropped everything to listen to them and help them. She thought that she knew the women, but at this moment she started to think that she in fact didn't know anything about her. The way her and Rosalie were sitting, the way she talked made her realize that she didn't know what Esme liked to do, what her hobbies were. She didn't even know that she and Rosalie were that close together. She remembered once Edward told her that between all of them, Rosalie Has always been closest to Esme. At the time she had brushed it off, she couldn't imagine how a loving women like Esme would be that close to a bitch, even one she considered a daughter. But seeing them like this made her realize that there was more to both women then what met the eyes, and that in no way they considered each other to be mother and daughter. She arrived at the house and told everyone that they will be coming in shortly. Back in the woods, Rosalie and Esme were sitting on the ground side by side. "Where do you think we should go first?" Rosalie said. "I was thinking we could go visit Voltera, I know that you want to see them, and I'm pretty sure Jane caught your eye when you saw her at the field after the battle." Esme said playfully. "Come on.' she wined,' there is something special about her, I don't know what, do you think she could be my mate?" "I don't know maybe, but don't get your hopes up too much we don't know what could happen. But I'm pretty sure if she really is, they will be really happy about it. It would mean that they get to have you around more often." "They would be happy, and I'm sure you would be too." She said with a slight smirk, Esme smirked back and raised her eyebrow. "Let's get back, we need to get ready to leave." Esme announced. "Yeah let's go." They started running and soon they were standing in front of the house, Rosalie entered the house first followed closely by Esme. As soon as they set foot in the living room all movement ceased. Everyone could feel the tension in the air, they looked at each other not sure what to say. "Are you feeling better Esme?" Asked Carlisle effectively breaking the silence. "Yes I'm feeling much better, thank you." she said sending a smile to Rosalie, who smiled back. An uncomfortable silence fell upon them again, but this time it was Rosalie's turn to break it. "Carlisle we've decided to leave, we don't know how long this time or if we are going to come back. So we wanted to give you back our crest." Rosalie said handing him both hers and Esme's crest.