The room was shrouded in thick shadows, the only source of light a pulsing blue pool that sat in the center of the room. A light smoke, colored in rainbow hues, drifted up from the surface. Soft whispers ran throughout the room, hisses whose words were indiscernible. A sharp pop echoed as a solitary figure appeared in the room, cloaked in rich velvet. They slowly approached the pool, seemingly deep in thought. Gazing within the depths, they reached out one lone hand, gloved in dragon skin, and dropped a white flower into the water. It floated on the surface, shimmering slightly. There was a gold flash of light, and the white flower morphed into a dead bird, feathers stained rich red and shimmering with pure magic. They made a small grunt, then stooped down, and dipped a crystal vial into the glimmering liquid. They paused, for a moment, hand suspended over the pool. Their fingers tightened on the vial, tipping it slightly, then they quickly stood up. Capping the vial,they disappeared with a soft pop. The room was left alone, still silent, except for the faint murmurs. But, for a moment, the voices cleared, and a single phrase was heard, a reedy whisper, that crackled in the darkness. "Futura, praeterita obliviscentes in ea Sequetur." A cacophony of shouts rang out as the Harry stepped down from the podium, flashing lights capturing the stern look upon his face as he walked away from the crowd of reporters. The oaken doors swung open, and, as the questions were left behind him, the stern look upon his face faded, revealing an expression much more open, and worn than the one he projected in front of the crowd. Still, he walked with purpose down the hall, shifting a long wand from inside his sleeve into his hand. "They didn't take it well." This was said as more of a statement than a question. He swung around to see the smiling face of his friend Ron, who was flanked by another auror recruit who seemed awestruck in their presence. Seeing the savior himself, she squeaked out an excuse and scurried away. Harry gave a forced grin. "I don't think anyone would take those news well." He ran his hand through his already messy hair. "That's the third death eater attack this week" Ron shook his head. "Merlin, you'd think that they'd give up after Voldy's been dead for two years." He laughed slightly, then looked closer at his friend's despondent expression. Ron tapped Harry on the shoulder. "Hey, it's not your fault. You've done more than anyone else to stop them" Ron knew that look on Harry's face, the one where he started to seep into regret and depression. "I just, for some reason I thought that after Voldemort was dead," A passing by secretary flinched at the sound of Harry saying his name, "That all of the trouble would be over. No more death eaters, no more life threatening stunts every other day." Harry shrugged. "Well, mate, you did become an auror. That is part of the job description." Ron quipped. Harry laughed, and continued walking down the hall. "So, how's Hermione." Harry watched as his friends face grew bright red. "She's fine." "Just fine?" Harry grinned. "Welllll..." Ron shifted uncomfortably, then dragged him off to the side. He glanced, from side to side, then slid a small box from the folds of his robes. "Well, I was wondering when you would get around to asking her" Harry patted his friend on his back. Ron groaned."But, what if.." "She says no? Ron, really, anyone can see that she's in love with you." Ron squeezed the box tightly in his hand. "I dunno, I bet I'll find some way to mess it all up." "Yeah, probably, but that's what she likes about you." Harry said, Ron's face now staining to the color of a ripe tomato. He quickly put the ring back in his pocket. "Well, you can't really say anything until you ask Ginny." Ron paused, "Actually, she's probably the one who would ask." He checked his watch, and cursed under his breath. "Sorry mate, I've got to go." Harry waved off his concern. "Don't worry, I'll be fine. He watched as the red-haired figure faded into the crowd. His anxiety, lessened during his conversation, now returned full force, churning his stomach He walked down the hall, grimacing at the whispers that followed his steps. He quickly stepped into the restroom, hoping that no fans would follow him in, begging for an autograph. The sounds of rushing water filled the empty room, as he splashed his face, relaxing as the stress of the day seemed to flee his body and remain outside in the hallway, amidst the bustling crowds of the ministry. He glanced upward at his face, and paused. There, next to his eye, there was a small, light blue fleck. It seemed to glimmer with its own light. He brushed his finger across it, but it stayed firmly in place. He shook his head. Probably Ron with George's pranks. He stepped towards the door, when a strange, icy, feeling washed over him, seeming to seep into his bones. It almost felt like a dementor, but that was impossible- there seemed to be a flash of light across his eyes, blindingly white. Then came the pain. It hit his stomach with sharp needles, riding up his arms and legs in a blistering fire. His stomach felt hollow, every food-less night in the cupboard condensed and intensified, like his inside were tearing themselves apart. He gritted his teeth, the sharp tang of blood filling his mouth as he bit his tongue. His legs shook, and each scar on his body burned with unimaginable pain, from the blood-quill engraved words on his hand- her high pitched voice rang through his ears- to the dull throbbing of one lightning shaped scar on his head. This filled him with terror- was Voldemort still alive somehow? Slumping against the sink, he raised his wand shakily, and froze, staring at his hand. There were cracks snaking up his tan skin, that shone a light, sapphire blue. Tendrils seemed to sweep up to touch his face, and all around him there was a strange whispering, almost imperceptible, that was slowly growing louder. He spun around, eyes taking in the reflection in front of him, the burning pain growing ever stronger as it spread throughout his body. The cracks were growing, leaching across his face, skin flaking away. It was too much. He screamed through gritted teeth as darkness drifted across his vision, his last sight being the green of his mother's eyes turning a bright sky blue, and haunting voices filling his ears. Then there was nothing xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Ron ran down the hall, muttering apologies to the various worker he bumped into. Merlin, he was so nervous, and he knew it showed it. He couldn't even get a cup of coffee without spilling it. His mind was filled with plans for that night- a trip to Miones favorite restaurant, then a walk in the park she played in as a child. He had already asked her parents, and they gave him- he slammed into a body, papers flying like a flock of birds around them as they fell to the ground. Ron fumbled out an apology, quickly picking up the papers surrounding them. "Ron, just breathe." He glanced up to see the bespectacled face of his brother Percy. "Oh, hi Perc." "It's Percy" "Yeah, sorry about that." He held out the paper he had picked up, watching his brother's reaction. Percy grabbed them from his hand "No, it's fine. I should have been watching where I was going anyways." Percy replied, then seemed to pause. "Um, Ron, what is on your face?" Ron's face morphed in confusion. "Perce, what are you talking about?" He lifted his hand up to touch his cheek, and, suddenly, cold air seemed to envelope his body, icy fingers brushing up and down his spine. "Bloody hell, it just got really cold in here." Percy glanced at him. "Ron, what are you talking about?" Ron shivered slightly."You really can't feel that?" He would've continued his sentence, if a bright flash of light hadn't filled his vision. "What?" Ron's voice seemed to slur, then he fell to the ground. A sickening feeling filled him, as if maggots had wormed their way under his flesh, and now were gnawing through his muscles and bones. They wove through his limbs, growing in length until they wrapped around like tentacles. "Ron! RON!" A voice swam its way through the haze in his mind, and he wrenched his eyes open, blurry colors wavering in front of him like a Matisse painting. Time seemed to slow, each breath clearly felt, each heart beat. He tried to reach up to Percy's face, whose terror was now clear. There was a heartbeat of nothingness, no feeling, no sound. A spark ignited It grew deep inside him, and then it spread. Running along arteries, veins, each nerve set alight with fire. A grating laugh echoed around him, as his limbs spasmed and flailed, trying to scream but his throat was closed and no sound could escape his lips. It coalesced in his heart, the pain blackening his eyes and crisping his skin. Then it exploded in a bright blue light, skin shredded, bones shattered and splintered, only pain. Inky blackness swept over him, and he knew no more. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Hermione never shied away from hard work. In fact, she was considered the brightest witch of her age, and that wasn't achieved by just waiting around. The same could not be said for her coworker, one Avan Revere. Her eyes darted across the messy desk in front of her, taking in the coffee stains and chocolate frog wrappers strewn haphazardly. That wasn't what truly annoyed her- Ron and Harry's opinion of cleanliness had prepared her for anything, not to mention that state of the twins room. No, what truly annoyed her was the towering pile of to-do work that created a small mountain on this man's desk. Clenched in her hand was one such piece of paper work that was from one YEAR ago. But she couldn't really do anything about it. Oh, she had asked him, quite politely in fact, but he dismissed her with a slight sneer and "All good things take time." She had gone to the "boss" of her section but, with Revere being his great nephew, he denied her claims outright. She turned away from the desk, a beginning of a headache growing at her temples. Her hope was to get the Centaur Rights Act proposal finished before her break. She approached her desk, hand already reaching for a new sheet of parchment, when a chill came over the room, freezing her in her tracks. In front of her, her breath coalesced into white fog, and she whipped out her wand, the beginning syllable of Expecto Patronum upon her lips. A flash of light filled the room. Mind racing, she tried to spot an attacker, and a slow pain began to grow, pulsing with her heartbeat, on her forearm. The terror began to rise up, bursts of panic she tried to contain, but then the pain sizzled through her, arcs of lightning dancing from her brain to her heart, the sharp gnawing cuts bringing up memories long concealed except for the dark of night. A crazed laugh, the pain, throbbing, flashing. She couldn't move. She couldn't think. She could only scream as she heard Ron cry out her name from the basement from Malfoy Manor. She felt the cold steel upon her arm, MUDBLOOD, red dripping slowly, tears streaming down her face. And the terror that she was going to die, no matter how much she fought She screamed, long and loud, hoping someone, anyone, could help her, hear her cry, hand still clenched on her wand There was one last