Title : Bind Them Status : Complete Pages : 335 (7 Chapters) Characters : Thranduil Oropherion; Legolas Thranduilion; Elrond; Galadriel; Lindir; Glorfindel; OCs. Warnings : None. This mystery is a complete standalone story in 7 Chapters (~ 40 - 50 pages per Ch). Summary : Some people are built for esoteric training, and some are Ranger Chiefs. So Chief Buckmaster finds herself in the Northern ranges again. A solemn purpose has separated her from her friends and chosen home in the Halls of the Elvenking. But soon the cries of wargs split the night air, silent strangers glide into Buckmaster Keep, and the famed Messenger-Men of the North come under attack - the results of an imbroglio between Men and elves, and a contrivance to lay low an inconvenient King. Please enjoy! ~ Bind Them ~ Chapter 1 The winter air was tight with cold and its spiraling gusts were remorseless this far up the slopes of the nameless Northern Mountains. But the girl who stood overlooking Cold Pass was used to it. She adjusted the fur she huddled in and stared into the distance. Dawn was coming. The block of mountain she stood on was nestled between two higher peaks. They were covered in perpetual snow that, when the wind was right, dusted the mountain spur on which Buckmaster Keep was built. It was doing so now. The great monster to her left that she felt sure none but the most obscure map named, was the mother-stone of Buckmaster Spur. It was called Limgoroth. Her father – the man who had taken her in – spoke a broken kind of elvish, being from the Dunedain, and had told her from her early days that the name meant swift horror. Limgoroth was the tallest of the mountains in the area, had a murderously steep incline, and terrifying avalanches. In fact, it could only be safely approached from the long, gentler grade of Buckmaster Spur. The stone rose between the Keep and the summit of Limgoroth. At the pass to the Limgoroth side, chutes of snow roared down the mountain and struck with little warning. That pass was often called The Graveyard. One of the families who lived on Buckmaster Spur lit a signal fire when the pack looked serious. Sometimes archers let off fireworks into it, but, though effective, that was a rare occurrence. Fireworks were expensive. She turned away from the great mountain to her left and looked at the smaller mountain to her right. Bregolnag. Fierce bite. The wind from the Wastes hit it full-bore, which left its grey face bare in the dulling snow. Freezing to death up there took only minutes for the unwary. She stopped looking at the giants and reflected that fewer and fewer of them knew the old Elvish names of these places anymore. Like many of her generation, Lusis Buckmaster knew only to call them what they'd always been called. She spoke no Elvish. The Buckmasters had lived here for about two centuries. They were Dunedain blood and powerful in the North. They had established the spur as a Northern Ranger resupply and resting place in every possible sense of the word. To that end, there was a plateau that faced the Wastes where the stone cairns of fallen Rangers mounded the snowy land. This was where many Rangers came to be laid to rest. Soon, her father would dwell among them. She wrapped her arms around herself and the immobile pain inside. When someone was dying, and you stood by watching, there was nothing left of you but love and aching. The cold of the mountains was the only thing with enough power to make her numb. Nevrmen Buckmaster was seeing his last winter, and she was nothing but his defender, his security, on his way out of this world. She wasn't even his daughter. He'd never had one. He'd taken her in. He'd never know she was an Istari. She'd not bother him with that detail now. He had other things to think about. And she didn't believe it herself. The sun became a smudge at the side of Limgoroth's snow-smoked peak. It rose out of the windswept hoar of the mountain, and began to light the earth. Slowly, in the distance, she began to see, little by little, the massive trees of the Northern Woodland Realm. When the sun was high enough that she could make out the great blanket of it – as broad and gleaming in its flattery of icicles as an inland sea – she extended one hand toward it. Somewhere. Somewhere down there and to the South there were two troublesome sisters, two great and powerful rivers: one whose currents were so convoluted as to require an expert navigator just to safely pass; and one whose beauty could seduce any who touched her into a sleep that was next to fatal. The Forest River. The Enchanted River. And where these rivers joined forces, there were ancient Halls cut from living stone and peopled by Silvan elves. And inside of them ruled the oldest King in the world. And she would be dust. Her father, her family, the Buckmaster Keep, and everything she knew would be splinters flying across the world one day. But he would endure. No matter what. He would last. At a time like this, she reached blindly for that world. But it had been six months now, since she'd been in the Halls of the Elvenking. She'd been in training with Radagast for two of those months. That had been next to useless. They got along well enough, even though she really, really thought he might be crazy, but this whole idea that she was going to be able to talk to titmice and gossip with gophers – his words – had proven to be exactly what she'd thought it would be. Hogwash. If he wanted someone who could talk to an animal, she could direct him to Steed, full-blooded Dunedain horse-whisperer, or, as she'd told him, there was a terrific elf in Northern Mirkwood he could talk to. An Elfking who could hear deer. Lusis looked at the snow piling up and the anonymous fur lumps that were her feet. They were buried almost up to her knees, and she wasn't a short girl. She blinked and glanced up at the sky. It wasn't just blowing snow. It was now actively snowing. Damn. She turned toward the Keep and found it difficult to make out the walls through the thickening weather. Ropes. She made her way to the ropes that led uphill. They led to all sorts of places like a web outside the walls of Buckmaster Keep. She ploughed up to the nearest of the posts on which the red rope hung. The wind usually kept this path clear enough. They seemed only four feet high, but were actually ten. She was walking on snow pack. And when weather threatened to cover the ropes, they were unhooked and moved up to the next steel ring. She gripped the line. It was as thick as her forearm. She dragged herself along to an intersection and turned to the right when the rope forked. She came up toward the ridge and was suddenly snow blind. There was nothing around her but endless white. The bells rang out in the haze. A snow storm was rolling in from the Wastes. But she felt she didn't need the bells to know that. The sun had just risen, and it was getting dark. The sunlight was short up here at this time of year – there would be a little over eight hours now, and soon, only about six. But when storms rolled in, those were called the Hours Without Days. Lusis was coming to the month that mountaineers called The Long Cold. There were other people on the line with her. A young person – it was impossible to tell gender with such thick padding – stumbled along, unable to keep solid footing. The cold could do that. It could kill you where you stood, or hit from the inside out. Lusis put her arm around the smaller person's chest and kept the child upright. She was counting her steps. They were almost to the broad stone walls of Buckmaster Keep. The gates would be to the left and ahead. Just ten minutes of walking separated them from relative safety. The figure she held stumbled again. Lusis linked her elbow around the rope and picked the child up. She began to speed up in her climb toward the walls. Cold was dangerous. Not being able to speak properly, or keep your feet? Serious signs of trouble. Someone's hand found her shoulder and traced along her back. It went down her other arm and found the line. This was normal in these parts. It happened a few more times. All of the people on the line pushed upward until the ground leveled out. Now they were close, but the congestion to the line made the walk longer. The child she carried was shivering. It was a good thing. It would be bad if he or she stopped in this temperature. That was the beginning of death. There were globes of torchlight ahead with snow melting down the side of the slatted steel, and piling on the pointed cap designed to let in enough air for them to burn without being blown out. She passed under the globe of lamp-oil and the child in her arms curled up at the sight of it. Not far now. It was less than thirty steps to the gates. They were shut, but the smaller door further up had been opened and the steps had been lowered down. She clattered up them with everyone else, and onto the wood walk that ran along the top of one of the door bars. On the far side, where everyone else walked down to the streets and buildings of the first bailey, she went straight into the stone wall by way of a riveted metal door. She wasn't just anyone. She was a Buckmaster. There was next to nowhere on the Spur that she couldn't get in. Inside the door was a muck-room. She kicked off the snow and pushed clods of it through the little wood vents where the floor and wall intersected. The man inside the muck-room with her was a guard. Someone was always positioned here. He got up from beside his stove, laid down his book, and knocked the door to the next room in a pattern. "The Chief's Buckmaster Miss!" he added to that. There was currently only one of those. Lusis noted inwardly. It hadn't hit her until right then that, after her father died, her family could lose Chiefdom of the place. True, it wasn't likely. She had fourteen brothers. There was no Buckmaster line as potent as Nevrman's. But it was so strange to think of. What if her younger uncle Kirnor took over? He was a little too fond of the mead hall, Kirnor. But that didn't change the fact that things she didn't want to change… were changing. The door opened and the next guard nodded at her. "Come on through, Miss Buckmaster." "Gerrick, I've known you since we were both kids." She exhaled and set down the child she held. "Do you think you can call me Lusis?" He smiled. "Nope." And then noted, "Who do you have there?" She had no idea and looked down at the shivering bear-skin. "Who are you, child?" A muffled voice came out, small and piping. "Hood." Gerrick's big hand gestured at his face to indicate she needed to unhook the part of the hood that closed over all but narrow slats for the eyes. The child's mitten-hands fumbled with that, so Lusis took off her own mitts and under-gloves and did it instead. A little pink face came out. A girl. "Lindy Garrison, you might