Title : The Cord Status : Complete Words : 184 pages (in 2 parts) Characters : Thranduil Oropherion; Legolas Thranduilion; Elrond; Original Characters . Warnings : None. This Mystery is a complete standalone story. Summary : This is a complete fan-fiction set in Tolkien's Lord of the Rings universe. When a troop of Northern Rangers arrive at the Great Gates of Mirkwood they reinforce what the Elfking there already suspects: Destroying the Dark Enemy and The One Ring did not wipe all Sauron's strife from Middle Earth. Rather, the vacuum has created a renaissance of darkness. Other powers afoot in the land are locked in competition for mastery over the Children of Iluvatar (Elves and Men), and a series of events on the Forest River, Long Lake, and Erebor slowly reveal that the Kingdom is falling under the shadow of a new threat. The Northern Rangers have also come to warn of a strange attack. In fact, their leader remains ensnared in the sway of dark forces and cannot speak of the event. Can the elves of Mirkwood and their great King, along with a handful of Northern Rangers and a rising city of Men, untangle the mystery of the cord? Thanks, and I hope you enjoy! Please leave feedback for magicbunni on FFN, A3O, tumblr, or deviantArt! ~ Magicbunni (In case it's easier, The Cord is also available for download on Archive Of Our Own (A3O). Search for magicbunni and The Cord.) THE CORD Magicbunni ( u/3079928/magicbunni ) It was muggy and unseasonably rainy on the day Lusis left the common woodlands for a hole in the ground. Not that it was a very untidy or unpleasant hole. Or a very deep one. Just that she hadn't expected any race of elf to live underground . Ever. It didn't match with anything in the stories she'd learned as a young girl. It was alarming from the point of view she held about things that came from the deep. Underground was a dangerous space. All manner of her least-favourite beings lived there: Goblins, Orcs, trolls, and creatures that defied naming whose only purpose, as far as she could tell, was to cause mayhem and die on the end of her sword. So she didn't yet know how she felt about these elves who didn't live in trees. Not that she knew much about elves in particular. As a rule, they kept to their own, and it was surprising to her that she'd been permitted to cross the river onto this land at all. She'd heard of forest strongholds where all passage was forbidden, and had assumed all elf lands worked in this way. But at least their underground was rumoured to be shallow, well lit, and, best of all, dry . She'd been aware of an 'escort' since she'd crossed the river, but they hadn't shown themselves, or interfered until she came within sight of, and then passed through, the markers for whatever elf holding was hereabouts. She didn't know them. Lusis didn't trouble with elves, or most any other being she deemed could take care of itself. She was mere feet into the limits, proper, before she found herself faced with a tall man dressed in immaculate green leather, and with his long dark hair tied up at the crown of his head. She startled because she hadn't seen him coming, and because he was so clean and fair. Even soaked to the skin, he looked tidy as a bureaucrat. No surprise that when he laid the flat of his hand over the side of the blade she'd drawn she could see there wasn't even dirt under his fingernails. He said, "Hello on this inclement day." He had a pretty voice and an accent. Lusis, who was, in comparison, filthy, snaggly-haired, plastered with mud and in a rotten humour, spat out some of the muck in her mouth and glanced over her shoulder to the four equally disheveled men behind her. One of the youngest of these, Aric, beamed at her, "Maybe you should hug him?" he invited. Then he wiped away a clod of syrupy muck from his stubble and tossed it down in the rain. It made a splat. His grin broadened. Her other companions rumbled with amusement. Rangers . She pulled a face and returned her gaze to the clean elf. Had to be an elf. His ears were pointed and he was so fresh and pleasant – like a man out on a sunny beach. He hadn't moved an inch. His generally affable expression was as unchanged as statuary. Creepy. She steeled herself and lowered her sword, careful of his hand on the bare blade. "That's a good way to cut yourself." She said, though the elf's pale hand was already moving away. Aric marveled from closer behind her. " Is there a good way?" "Maybe she meant that's a sure way. That's a sure way for him to cut himself." Growled Redd. He was obelisk-like, one of the more experienced men in her band, and an avid reader. Which made him both incredibly useful in battle, and almost unforgivably conversational. Redd was one of the only men she knew who got chatty in pitched battle, though that may have been because battle and reading made him relax about equally. Dutifully, Lusis exhaled and told the elf, "That's a sure way to cut yourself." The elf had hardly moved a feather. "What is, lady?" Redd stepped in smoothly, "Lusis, that is the wrong tense." She could swear that the dark-haired elf looked just a shade amused. But he let her off the hook with a question that, at least, had something to do with the matter around her. "These are not the lands of Men. Why have you strayed this way?" Evidently, it was a form of purgatory. She inhaled. "I need to speak to the elves, hereabouts." The dark-haired newcomer's chin dropped a fraction, "And so you are." "Preferably, I'd like to do it while dry." She said tightly. Aric snickered, "Come all this way to get out of the rain. Surely you've got enough hospitality in you for that, elf? To show a few Rangers to shelter." This was different. He glanced from Aric to Lusis and said, "Rangers?" "You might have led with that." Redd put in. "Northern Rangers," Lusis told the elf. "We've noticed something… unusual and come to consult with the elves on what it might be, and how to defeat its movements to the North of this great forest." The elf moved between raindrops to turn to a sudden trio of his like, flanking him. "These Rangers have also felt something afoot in the land." "Felt it in the land ?" Aric snorted in retort. "We felt it in our camp . It tried to eat Lusis. She fought it off, and even she's not fully able to describe it for what it was." Lusis felt her stomach butterfly. She fought not to spit again. The memory was stone cold. It throbbed into her mind like a lousy wound and made her insides feel coated with obscenity. When she could, she cast it far out of her thoughts, but it was connected to her like a rope to a net in deep water. Whatever she pulled up from the depths, it was tied to her. She could not escape it. And then she met the elf's pale green eyes. Whatever he saw when his head tipped to take her in, she didn't need to speak about it further. A mercy. She wasn't a wordsmith like Redd, or waggish like handsome Aric. It wasn't that Lusis couldn't speak her mind that made her bad at talk. It was that she did. The elf ducked his head in a little nod. "Please walk with us," he paused and decided to address them as, "Rangers of the Northern woods." She followed, mutely. Generally, her men were quiet behind her. They were worried, she knew, for no matter how she forced herself, bribed herself, or how she struggled, to the good of all, to manage some kind of a delivery, she was unable to talk about what had befallen her. She was worn, weary of the fight of finding words to say. And now she was half afraid she'd run to the elves because that's what men overwhelmed with peril did – or so her mother had often scoffed. In Redd's stories and histories, men very often reached embattled hands toward the heavens and prayed, and this resulted in elves marching in lines to the eleventh hour. Here she was, a frightened fool, knocking at the door of a kingdom. A waste of their time. Her stomach clenched to the edge of collapse. She had to be helped through the great stone gates to Mirkwood. She prayed as she walked, Slow, heart, and be still, hand. You've come all this way hoping for these gates. Courage now. May I find one kind heart, here, who will take heed of us. Who will help us . She was more than willing to trade her skills for that. The elven court was full that day. The land had been intemperate, and the weather unfavourable, and that led to petitions and debates in the locality. This was not just a matter of wood elves coming to settle disputes – for there was no warring, hostility, or violence allowed among their kind, as was decreed by their king – but of the encroaching human settlements, many of which were dependent on the great rivers Anduin, Forest, and Enchanted, as silt heavy as they tended to be, particularly through the forest stretch. Forest's flooding came in spring and saturated the land, building new distributaries, lakes and pools. It brought life and fresh soil with it. But the Enchanted never flooded. This was the charge of the Mirkwood King whose will kept its weighty hypnotic powers in check, lest they infect the Forest River that ran all the way through to the plains far beyond. In fact, the Mirkwood elves controlled a stretch of Anduin down from its headwaters beside the Forest. There was much contention about the laws and rules for river use, and the tithe that the Elven-king of Greenwood had put upon it. This filled the court, yearly, with dispute. The king couldn't be bothered with much of this. It was mostly the burden of the Kingdom's-seneschal, Eithahawn. He sat at a simple wood table in the throne-room, vastly aware of the empty throne at his back, not because of some woe or frustration that it was not occupied, but out of fear it would be. You see, some of the best qualities of a seneschal were the worst qualities of A Certain King. A good seneschal was tactful, compromising, calm, and humble – prone to writing letters and drafting documents, and not to drawing swords. A Certain King did possess all of those qualities, yes, but in rather… meagre supply. Mirkwood had a proud warrior king and worse – a very shrewd one – and that meant if the Highness came by here the entire Court was going to spiral out of control in a hurry. He had other matters. Dark and pressing matters to the North. That was the unquenchable strength of their King. Best to let him see to it. The room in front of Eithahawn had close to a dozen people within it, and a queue along the wall benches, all under Silvan guard. Most everyone looked frightened to be in here. But… there was good cause for all of them. Only the most serious of issues landed on this particular doorstep. "Damn elves. You sit in your sunny caves and your beech trees and try to dictate to-" "All due respect, Mrs. Hockin," Eithahawn said over his paperwork, and avoided eye-contact with the dwarf woman, "unless you have some rightful claim on these lands with which to approach the Elven King