This has been circling in my head for a while now, and I decided to post it. I have this story up until the end of Fifth year written, and they'll all be in the same story. So until I finally post that chapter, the chapters will be posted every Monday night after today. Anyway, Here's the first chapter for 'A Trip Like No Other'! Disclaimer; I don't own Harry Potter, all I own is Cindy and Kial, and any other OC that doesn't appear in the books or movies. Please get to reading and enjoy... and review if you like it. Cindy Hiolna's POV "There ONCE was a boy named HARRY destined to be a Star! His parents were killed by VOLDEMORT, who gave him a Lightning Scar..." I sang the first section of the Harry Potter song, as I made my bed, "Yo Harry, ya a wizard." I laughed, and kept singing till I got to the fifth year portion and continued making my bed. "Harry, Harry, it's getting scary. Voldemort's back and you're revolutionary Harry. Dumbledore, Dumbledore, why are you ignoring his CONSTANT ATTEMPTS TO CONTACT HIM?! He is forced to leave the school," I snarled as I started to sing the next few lines, "Umbridge arrives, Draco's a tool-" I stopped singing when I got to that part. I never really liked Draco Malfoy from the first thru Fifth books... but I felt sorry for him in the Sixth. Sure he was a... as Hermione had called him in the third movie, 'Fowl, Loathsome, evil little Cockroach!' but he was still human... though the punch she threw at him seconds later was exactly what he deserved. I sighed before I continued to sing, the next line, "Kids brake in to the Ministry. Sirius Black is Dead as can BE!..." I know, being a 10 year old, I shouldn't have read the last three books, but I'm a dedicated fan! Besides I already saw all the movies. "Split your soul, Seven parts of a whole." I continued, "They're HORCROXES! IT'S DUMBLEDORE'S END!" I smiled slightly, in-spite of the line I just sang, I loved it when my parents were away. When I was in my room, I could sing that part as loudly as I wanted, and no one would care! I dropped my voice to the same volume as the first part, "There once as a boy named HARRY, who constantly concord Death. But in one final duel, between GOOD AND BAD, he may take his final breath..." I smiled before I mumble, "Which he technically did." I finished adjusting my comforter, which, unsurprisingly, had the cover of the first Harry Potter Movie on it. I smiled when I looked at my pillows, one having Harry's letter from Hogwarts on it, that was the main pillow I sleep on, and the other having the Golden Trio themselves on it. I sighed before I reached for the Half-Blood Prince that was on my dresser. "Malfoy, you might be an annoying prat, but I really feel sorry for you... and I wish I could help you..." It was my 11th birthday tomorrow, and I kept hoping that an owl would peck at my window, with a letter attached to it's foot. I put the book back, and climbed into bed. What? I make my bed at night?! It's morning somewhere! I closed my eyes and said the one thing I loved saying before I fell asleep, "You're a witch, Cindy..." 8 hours later... "Cindy wake up!" Someone tugged at my sheets. "Ten more minutes..." I berried my face into my pillow. "Do you want your birthday breakfast?" My eyes shot open, and I jumped out of bed, "Wide Awake now... Dad! You know I don't like it when you threaten no Breakfast!" My dad's name's Leonel Hiolna, he married my Mom; Elaine Hiolna (Maiden Name: Reinal), the year I was born. He smiled, "It got you up, Didn't it?" "Can't I just have breakfast in here? I wanna see if an Owl comes." My dad chuckled, "Fell asleep reading Harry Potter again?" "No!" I said in annoyance, "I did that LAST week, and Nearly drooled over You-Know-Who!" I don't really like saying 'Voldemort' out loud unless it was in the song. "Wait.. when did you and mom get back?" I raised an eyebrow. "A few hours ago." Dad smiled. "You should've woken me up sooner!" I hugged him tightly. "I wanted it to be a surprise for the birthday girl." I smiled up at him, "Thanks Dad." "No problem. Now, I believe your mom's holding your Breakfast hostage." My eyes widened, and I bolted out the the door, and said in the most heroic voice, "Unhand my breakfast, mom!" My mom laughed and played along, "Never!" I dove in and hugged her. "Oh... you weaken me... very well, you may have your Breakfast." She waved her hand to the breakfast, to which I ate with pleasure. "So... Did you guys get what I asked?" I asked them after I finished eating, and we were in the Living room, me staring at the amount of presents I got. "Wait and see, Sweetie." My mom cooed. I opened the first present, hoping it was a letter from Hogwarts... 12 hours later... No letter... No owl... no cake... no good presents... I smiled through it all to make my Mom and Dad happy, when I wasn't. I played with the hunter's knife my friend, Kial, got me... that was the only present I actually enjoyed because my Parent's eyes went huge! It was HYSTERICAL! He told me it was so I won't be scared of anything. Scream ONE TIME when something big appears out of thin air, and you're scarred for life. Sheesh. I was fixing my bed when I heard a peck at my window. Wait... PECK?! I flung my curtains open, but didn't see an owl, much to my disappointment. I was about to close the curtains when the pecking happened again. I pulled out the hunter's knife, and slowly opened the window, allowing whatever was pecking to come in. I felt a gust of wind blow by me as I locked the window in place. "Hello little... Bird." I decided to talk to it. Suddenly whatever I heard, became crystal clear, the second I turned around. It was a bird... but then it turned into... "Kial?" Kial Biralion, was the kind of person who you don't wanna meet in a back ally.. which I accidentally did when I was four... He always wears a black jacket, over any dark shirt and dark jeans, even with his fair skin. But when it's almost 100 degrees outside!... THAT'S when I have to force him to take it off. His dark blue eyes, always made me smile since they were always full of kindness, towards me and me alone of course. He's always protective. He was a year older than me too, but I always end up playing the, 'I'll stop being your friend if you do that' card. His Blond-Red hair, was in it's usual set of curls that topped his head. To be honest, I'm glad we're friends, because he may look sweet, but hurt me, and you'll be lucky if I can hold him back so he won't hurt you. So... yeah... Kial's my first, and only, friend. Kial smiled at me, "Hey, Cin... Yeah, it's me... and I have something for you." He handed me an envelope. I slowly took it, and looked at who it was addressed to: Cindy Hiolna, The second room to the right in the attic North-East. Raymore, Mairea. My eyes widened when I read the second line. NO ONE other than my parents, and Kial, knew I leaved in the attic... live alone the second room to the right! "Kial... PLEASE tell me this is a joke before I open this... that I'm dreaming and you're not an Animagus!" Kial smiled gently, "You know I don't like lying to you, Cin." My eyes went wider, "You mean... this is... an actual..." "Open it and find out, Silly." I ripped open the the envelope and read what was inside. Dear Miss. Hiolna. No this letter is not a fake. You friend Mr. Biralion, was tasked with delivering this letter, because your parents wish to not speak of the magical world that you so wish to partake in. Yes, Miss. Hiolna, We have learned of your love of the magical world, and we are pleased to inform you, you are a Witch. A Muggleborn Witch, but a Witch nonetheless. You have been enrolled into Hogwarts School Witchcraft and Wizardry. Yes the famous school that the Boy in your favorite story is going to as well. We hope to see you there. Sincerely, Albus Dumbledore. Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. My eyes lingered on the piece of Parchment, before I looked at Kial, "Kial Biralion! You've got a heaping load of explaining to do! Right now!" My best friend sighed, "You're right, I'm an Animagus. Meaning, Yes I'm a Wizard." "You're only a Year older than me! AND you were here all last year when you should've been at Hog-" I was trying to criticize him but I realized something, "You're a pureblood!" Kial sighed, "I told Headmaster it was gonna be hard to make you listen..." "KIAL!" "Cin... Listen... yes, I'm a pureblood. And I knew you were a Muggleborn, the minute I met you... but unlike Draco Malfoy, I don't hate Muggleborns, or you. You're my best friend, Cin." I nodded, "Ronald Weasley, was friends with Hermione, who's a Muggleborn." Kial gulped, "He was put in Gryffindor..." "You better not say..." "I haven't gotten Sorted yet. I swear." Kial promised, "But... every one of my family members were put in Slytherin..." "Who says you're gonna be like them?" I smiled gently, sitting next to him on my bed, "Don't forget, The Sorting Hat takes your opinion into question too." Kial smiled at me, and gave me a one sided hug, "Thanks, Pal." "No problem, Bud." "Cindy? Sweetie? Is everything okay in there?" I head my Mom knock. "Oh no!" I hissed, "I forgot I'm supposed to be asleep!" "Mrs. Hiolna." Kial called to the door, "You should come in... bring your husband too." There was some muffled talking outside my door, before My mom and Dad walked in. "Kial... What are you doing here?" My dad raised an eyebrow. "Dad... you might wanna read this..." I handed him the letter. My dad soon handed My mom the letter, both officially looking worried. "She can't go!" My mom shrieked finally, "What if whatever happens in your books happens?! You could get hurt!" "Mrs. Hiolna, please understand she doesn't have much of a choice..." "But you must know that it's dangerous, right?!" "Will all of you stop talking so I can tell you my decision! Which, trust me, I've had since I first read The Sorcerer's stone!" I shouted after they all started to argue, causing them all to look at me, "I'm going! Mom, Dad, this is a life long DREAM I've had to go to Hogwarts. You both know that... I'm sorry..." I hugged them crying, "You know I love you... but I want to do this... I'll hate myself forever if I don't." They both nodded, "You said school doesn't start till..." "September 1st." I smiled, then frowned and looked at Kial, "It's The 25th today... meaning I need to get everything for Hogwarts now!" Kial nodded, then took my hand, "You still trust me?" "You're still my friend?" He rolled his eyes, he hated it when I answered a question with another question. "Just... don't freak out." "My best friend's a Pureblood Animagus Wizard, I'm a Muggleborn Witch... I think I'm already freaked out enough as it is." Kial smiled, and hugged me, "Fair enough..." After Arriving in Diagon Ally... Draco Malfoy's POV I saw a girl, my