" HIDDEN SUN" A Twilight Fan Fic by Grace C. Luna " In the biginning " Bella was, without a doubt, the most beautiful girl the world had ever seen. Beauty patterns did not apply to her; her beauty was out of this planet. Her Native American features, her dark eyes, her long black hair, her warm smile, and her body... were simply amazing, but inside she was as pure and innocent as a child. She was taken away from her parents when she was a newborn raised by a woman named Norah Swan, who was like a grandmother to Bella. They lived in Forest City, Pennsylvania. Bella was just eighteen years old when Norah passed; not knowing where she was coming from or anything about her family, she remained in the safe town where she grew up, even if that meant to be alone. This girl held inside of her something so powerful and magical that someone like me would have killed for. Being a monster was never easy, but after over a hundred years I've somehow learned to enjoy it; after all I was young, good looking, rich, powerful and practically immortal. There was nothing that we, vampires, couldn't do. Well, in fact there was just one thing...we could not be out in the sun light; a ray of light would turn us into ashes within minutes. You would never imagine you would wish for something as simple as being able to see a sunrise, or take a walk on the beach on a sunny day. After so many years of darkness you also become a dark creature, your soul gets stained. We got used to our dark, and secret, existence; and by 'we' I mean myself and the other vampires I knew. I was turned at the age of twenty by a man called Carlisle Cullen, one tragic night a long, long time ago. I was just a simple young man back then, tall, slim, dark blond hair and green eyes; born and raised in Massachusetts in a middle class family. Carlisle was thirty nine years old when he was made, a couple of centuries ago. He was extremely rich, very powerful...and heartless, of course. He ran the show among us, and since he was my maker I had to be loyal to him, he had given me this life and I was supposed to follow him unconditionally, until the end. There also were other vampires that Carlisle made; first was Jasper, a twenty two years old man from Minnesota, who had been made at the beginning of the twentieth century, he was tall, blond, athletic, but he was the most annoying person I have ever met. Second was Emmet; he was thirty when he was made in the seventies. Emmet was a free spirit, but he was a devil as well, not someone you could ever trust. Last, but not least was Douglas was made at the age of twenty seven in the 1920's, he was actually someone you could talk to, I wouldn't call him a friend exactly, but he was the closest thing to a friend. He was devoted to his maker; he would have done anything for Carlisle if he would have asked him to. We all needed Bella to save us. Her blood held the power to make us immune to the sun. She was the only descendant of Peter Dwayne; a very, very powerful wizard, who had been our biggest enemy for decades. He had always tried to terminate our kind; we never knew why he hated us that much. He was a vampire hunter, a good one I must say, and he killed many! Peter had sworn that his descendants would be the ones to finish us all. And to make matters even worse, he had a spell put on himself so he and the ones who follow his blood line would have the power of the sun running through their blood. But it wasn't that easy, we could not just take Bella's blood, it had to be offered to us to make the spell work. Peter might have thought that would never happen since he hated us and so did his entire family. Carlisle had a plan that he assured would work and we all would be able to get what we needed. He had been looking for this last descendant, Bella, for years, and once he found her, we realized she lived closer than we thought. Since this girl was all by herself, it was gonna be easy to take advantage of her, with no one around to look after her, she would give in fast. She was gonna become the easiest prey we had ever run into. One thing Carlisle knew, she was gonna be protected by her grandfather's power until she turned twenty one years old, after that...she was going to be "ours" to take. So, Carlisle gave me this "assignment": To make Bella fall madly in love with me to the point she would do anything for my love, even give up her own life if I'd ask her to. "The first time he told me about his plan I thought "Great, I'll have some fun with this girl, plus I'll get what we've all been looking for!" It was a win-win for all of us, especially for me. It sounded so simple, so easy. There was no room for errors; everything had to be done according to the plan. I was gonna win her trust by being her friend and then make her fall (unconditionally) in love with me, she would offer me her blood and once I ask her, by tricking her, she would give her blood to the rest. Unfortunately after that she would die, she would not survive, not a single chance for that to happen. Bella didn't know who she really was, she had never been told about the power she held inside. She never knew her grandfather was a wizard or a vampire hunter, and I bet she had no idea vampires really existed until she met us. She was raised as Bella Swan, since she knew Norah wasn't her real grandmother, she had always wanted to find out who her real parents were, but never had had the courage to leave town and search for them. Carlisle followed this girl for a while before he told me to jump into action. He found out she was a waitress at a restaurant nearby, she used to ride her bike to work, and had a dog, a German Sheppard named Rex. She lived in a wooded area, in a small cabin. So, on Friday night, September 1st, of the year two thousand I put Carlisle's plan into action. I went to have "dinner" at the small restaurant where she worked. A waitress came to my table; I ordered a soup and waited. Once my "food" was there, I pretended I was looking for the menu. My prey approached, surrounded by an imaginary aura and spreading the most appealing scent I had ever smelled. I took a good look at her, and I felt bad for the poor girl, after all she had no idea that right in front of her murderer was giving a half smile. "Is everything alright sir?" she asked me politely with the sweetest voice. "Can I have the menu please?" "Absolutely" she reached the table behind mine and passed it to me "I recommend the eggplant parmesan, you will love it!" I looked into her eyes and smiled back "Alright, I'll try that" I followed her with my eyes when she left the table. If angels would have come down to Earth I knew for sure how they would have looked. I caught her glancing at my table a couple of times; I winked at her and made her cheeks blush. How beautiful! I heard her conversation with the other waitress. "Alright, you serve him...gosh, you young people..." the other woman said. I was glad we had a good start; the sooner I get over with the plan, the better. I waved my hand to get her attention, she walked to my table. I pretended to be cleaning the lenses of my camera. "Hello, how can I help you?" she asked politely. "I'm a photographer and I need some accessories for my camera. Do you know of any stores where I could get that kind of stuff?" "There's a mall down on Perk road" she looked at my camera "That's a very nice camera! I got one similar to that! I love taking pictures!" One thing Carlisle forgot to mention is that she was into photography too, he probably didn't know that. "I'm new in town...I was hoping you could tell me where I could find some nice places to take pictures" "Sure, I'd love to" We started a conversation about cameras, photography and techniques; it didn't last long because she was called to serve another table. Before I left I made sure we made eye contact one more time, as we did I smiled at her, she smiled back and walked towards me. "I gotta get going, have a busy day tomorrow" I said "By the way...I'm Edward" "Nice to meet you, I'm Isabella, but call me Bella" "I will see you tomorrow; Bella" I soften my voice to pronounce her name "I'll come back for dinner" "We'll be glad to have you back" I turned around to leave and saw her looking at my full plate and making a face, probably wondering why I hadn't touched the food. The following night I was there again, she smiled the moment she saw me. I ordered the first thing I saw on the menu. As I did before, I pretended to eat, while having some small talks with Bella, after that I was ready to go feeding. As I was getting into my car I saw her by the main door saying 'good night' to her co worker. I got out and walked towards her "Excuse me, do you need a ride home?" She gave me a serious look "No, thanks...I'm not getting in a car with a stranger!" "I'm sorry; I didn't mean to upset you! I apologize!" I said. "Well, now you know...I'll see you around Edward" she said and continued walking. "Sure..." I stood there watching her as she turned towards the avenue. I walked back to my car and drove home. I lived about half an hour away from the restaurant. When I got home Carlisle was waiting for me. "How's it going with Bella?" "I think pretty well, so far" "Don't rush into anything, be the nicest guy on the planet, be a gentleman, respectful, a good listener... be her friend...girls love that, be..." I passed my hand over my face "Carlisle, Carlisle, I got this!" I interrupted him "We're gonna get what we want" "I know that" he winked at me "Be smart and win her heart so she would give her own life for you if you ask her to" I gave a proud smile "Piece of cake!" "I know I can trust you, Edward...you're the right guy for the job" he turned to leave but before going he said "Don't you fall in love with her!" I laughed out loud "Carlisle, please! Don't be ridiculous!" I walked back inside my house, and all of sudden Rosalie's face came to my mind. She had been my girlfriend for many years. I had loved her truly and deeply. Oh, Rosalie! She was a beautiful blond girl, with eyes as blue as the sea, her fine face and her mesmerizing smile made her look like she was the prettiest angel in heaven. But Rosalie was mean, heartless and vain as hell. For a few minutes memories of our time together hunted my mind and soul. Countless times she had told me she loved me; but at the end she broke my