This is just a quick one-shot that came to me one day when listening to Rihanna's "Farewell" I hope you all like it! Love to my best friend, sister and beta: Simply Jaded4 I'll Come Back To You It was killing her. Pain seized and surrounded her heart as she watched the man she loved work his way around the crowd, pulling each of them into a hug and say his goodbyes. She felt like she couldn't breath. Her heart fell a little more with each person that he embraced. The walls were closing in around her as he inched closer. She was torn. A huge part of her wanted to run from that suffocating room, dragging with her the man for whom she would give her whole life, all so she wouldn't have to hear him say that soul-shattering word... goodbye . But then there was the other side of her, the part of her that, in all honesty, needed a good slap upside the head. The part that knew if she didn't let him go, didn't let him find what he was looking for, she'd never forgive herself. And neither would he. She was stuck between a rock and an incredibly hard place with no possible escape. Slowly, gradually, Jake was passed from person to person. Every now and then his eyes would lock with hers and she was forced to ignore the rapid pounding of her heart and swallow the gigantic lump of anxiety that had built up in her throat. She had to do this for him. She had to be strong. He needs this, Bella. You need to be a big girl now. But then he he did something she hadn't anticipated: while embracing someone, his eyes found hers. That one look, that single glance from those gorgeous, brown eyes had left her breathless and slightly panicked. It was coming. And so were her tears. Hold them in, Bella, she told herself as her heart slowly began to break in two. You know he'll stay if he sees you cry. You need to be strong. The goodbye was only seconds away now, and she was powerless to stop it. All she wanted to hear were four words: Come with me, Bells. That was it. That was all she wanted. "You okay, honey?" Rachel, Jacob's sister, asked from beside her. Gulping thickly, she quickly cleared her throat and hesitantly nodded her head. "I'm fine," she squeaked, her voice a little too high-pitched to be 'fine'. "Why would I not be? My best friend is going off to a completely different part of America-where God knows what could happen to him-to pursue his dreams!" Bella exclaimed worriedly, throwing her hands up in the air to emphasise her worry. Realising how completely selfish she sounded, she sighed heavily, her shoulders sagged dejectedly as she fell back into her chair. "I'm sorry, that was completely selfish of me," she exhaled tiredly while dropping her head into her hands. "I really am happy for him, but-" "But he's your best friend and you're unequivocally, head over heels in love with him?" Rachel said right off the bat, quirking her brow in question. Bella chuckled awkwardly and looked up at her. "Am I that obvious?" Rachel threw her a sympathetic smile and tapped her shoulder. "Only to anyone who has two eyes." Groaning, Bella huffed and ran her hands through her hair in frustration. "I know, I'm completely pathetic, but I can't help how I feel." "Have you told him?" Bella shot Rachel a horrified look while her jaw practically kissed the floor. "Have I told him?!" she cried out, as if it was the most ridiculous thing she'd ever heard. "Rachel, how can I tell him? He leaves in a matter of hours. I can't just drop this on him now, he'll think I'm trapping him into staying." Rachel gave Bella a pointed, knowing look and cocked her head. "Bella, Jake's my brother. If there's one thing I know about him, it's that he will not see your confession of love as you trapping him. Bella, the boy is crazy for you. Surely you know this?" She chewed on the inside of her lip nervously as she processed her words. "I've always wondered about his intentions towards me. I mean, our friendship was never a normal one-we're too close for that-but I never really figured that he'd be into me too..." Jake's sister placed a comforting hand on Bella's shoulder and gave it a quick squeeze. "Honey, I'm not going to tell you what to do, but if I were you... If the man I loved was about to leave to go and live his dreams, I'd want him to know how I felt," she said with a kind smile before standing to her feet. "Listen, he's on his way over here and, judging by the look in his eyes, friendship's the last thing he wants from you. Take the chance, Bella, before you lose it for good. Trust me, he's worth it." And with that, she was gone. Jake's confused gaze darted between Bella and his sister as he reached out and pulled the tiny, but beautifully sexy brunette, into his arms. "Hey beautiful," he whispered, wrapping his strong and powerful around arm her waist. "What was that about?" he asked, gesturing towards his sister. Sighing contentedly and leaning back into his embrace, Bella closed her eyes and tipped her head back slightly to rest it on his shoulder. "It's nothing you need to worry about." Tightening his hold around her and creating a tornado of butterflies in her stomach, Jake dipped his head a little and pressed a tender kiss into her bare shoulder. "Liar," he said, calling her out on her shit and not seeming the slightest bit phased. "You seem to forget, Bells. I've known your all your life, and I know when something's bothering my girl." "Your girl?" I asked, turning her head to face him, her eyes level with his perfect chin. Who knew a chin could be so perfect? "Yeah," he confirmed, smiling confidently. " My girl." The gorgeous hunk of sexiness holding her firmly in his arms lowered his stunning, chocolate brown eyes to Bella's and gazed at her with such an intensity, it felt as if he was looking deep into her soul. Gradually, his topaz orbs flickered to her lips while he slowly slid his tongue along his own, wetting them. Why was he looking at her lips? Oh god, was he going to kiss her? Yes! Please, Jake, kiss me! Came from the little devil sitting on her shoulder, desperate to feel any kind of intimate contact. No, Jake, please don't. It'll be too hard to let you go if you kiss me, said the angel perched solemnly on her other one. "Dance with me," he whispered huskily into her ear before pulling back and gazing lustfully and adoringly into her eyes. "Let me hold you." Bella's legs weakened beneath her at his heart-warming words, and her heart thumped like a jackhammer in her chest. How long had she wanted him to say that to her? Too damn long. She nodded and shuffled further into him, then said without delay and in a quiet but confident voice, "Yes." Beaming, Jake placed a chaste yet loving kiss on her forehead before grasping her hand and leading her onto the dance floor, her body automatically following him. Holding her hand tightly and possessively, he made sure to keep her close to him as he weaved his way through the dancing bodies of his friends and family. His eyes scanned the scene in front of them frantically, trying to find a quiet, secluded area where they could dance. As they moved, Bella's heels clicked audibly over the wooden flooring until they came to a grinding halt and he turned to face her, spinning her around proudly and pulling her body passionately into his. As their bodies collided and melted together, they each sighed with contentment and wrapped their arms around each other. Just as he lowered his hands to the swell of her hips, Rihanna's "Farewell" drifted out of the speakers and filled the entire room. A sadistic and incredulous laugh tore from Bella's closed lips as a sadness so powerful swept over her and consumed her heart, the irony of the song and finality of the lyrics slowly, torturously began to attack her like a thousand needles piercing her skin. Several excruciating and agonizing minutes later, and just as the song had reached its climax, the man holding her within his warm embrace, swaying them languidly to the beat of the tune, sighed tiredly from above her. Tightening his grip around her waist, he clenched his jaw before dropping his face to her shoulder and moving to nuzzle her neck. "How am I gonna do this, Bells?" he whispered gravelly against her skin while bunching the smooth silk of her dress into his fists. Bella couldn't help but allow herself the briefest of moments to marvel in his touch until confusion struck her heart. "Do what, Jake?" Pulling back, he brought his pained eyes to hers, spearing her with the heat and intensity of his gaze, before lifting one hand from her hip to cup her cheek. "Leave you," he rasped, gulping hard, his voice was laced with uncertainty. Searching her eyes and face with pleading eyes, he curled his fingers around the back of her neck, causing her face to inch closer to his. They were now so close that she could taste the tanginess of the warm soda he'd had previously as it penetrated her tongue. Closing his eyes, his beautiful face contorted into an uncomfortable scowl. "I can't," he hissed, through gritted teeth. "I can't leave you, Bells. I'm not strong enough. What if I go away and the fuckheads I've been trying to protect you from all these fucking years take advantage of you? What am I gonna do then? I'll be in New York for fuck's sake!" Jake exclaimed loudly, withdrawing from her and waving his hands around dramatically in emphasis. "Bells, what if I leave and I lose you to one of them?" He pinned her with his desperate yet forceful gaze, while gripping the tops of her arms. Stunned disbelief soared through her veins. How could he possibly think he'd ever lose her? Staring at him, wide-eyed and lips ever so slightly parted, she laced her fingers with his and brought their joined hands to her heart. "Baby, you're not going to lose me," Bella rushed to reassure him, framing his golden, rage-filled face with her free hand. "How could you even say that after everything we've been through? Don't you know how I feel for you?" she asked, her voice going up an octave in her urgency to get him to see through the mist. "God, Jake, I'm-I'm..." she faded off, not having the words to express just how she felt about him, while letting go of his cheek and thrusting a frustrated hand through her hair. "Your what , baby?" he pressed, ardently. She remained silent, frantically searching her mind for the right words to express just how deeply the love she had for him ran. But she must've stayed quiet for a moment too long as Jake impatiently grasped her hips and backed her up against the nearest table, away from onlookers, before grasping her chin and forcefully prying it toward him until she met his sincere eyes. " Say it, " he demanded, growling. Her chest rose and fell rapidly as her silence snaked around them, suffocating them. However, judging by the look of pure need swimming in his eyes, this was no time for silence. "Fuck, Bella, say it! I know you feel this! I know you feel the connection between us!" Jake yelled, his face reddening under his anger, while his nostrils flared. He wasn't angry at Bella,