Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson nor any other characters of Percy Jackson and the Olympians series. They are not mine cause I sure as hell don't look like dear old Rick Riordan. Warning:Heavy Lemons. Do not read if you are under age or don't like boyxboy or awesome threesome. Nico di Angelo was enjoying his sleep immensely. But, the child of Hades was used to suffering. So, it was not a surprise when he was rudely awoken by Annabeth Grace. Actually, it was her screams that woke him up in the middle of the night. 'Nico!' Groggily, Nico opened his eyes and shifted on the bed so that he was facing Annabeth. Sweat beads were beginning to form on her forehead. She was clutching the sheets tightly, her knuckles almost white. Her lips were open in an O and she was breathing heavily. She is having nightmares again , thought Nico, as he lifted his hand to cup her face in his palm. It was nothing new. She was the only one who was still affected by nightmares and glimpses of the war. Neither Nico nor Percy woke up anymore breathing hard and covered in sweat. Then, he heard them again. 'Nico! Oh Gods! Please Nico, yes, oh!' Annabeth moaned. She is having dreams, rather pleasurable dreams , thought Nico, who suddenly became aware of the effect her moans were having on him. Annabeth's moans affected Nico more than those of Percy. She had such a sweet voice, that when she moaned that Nico could bet that even Piper's charmspeak could not compete it. It was a major turn on for Nico, especially when she moaned his name. He could not go even another minute without fucking her senseless if she continued her moaning. So he woke her up. 'Annabeth, wake up.', he shook her gently. When she did not wake up, he nudged her ticklish side. That did it. Annabeth bolted awake, in a sitting position. Nico took in her form. From the window in their bedroom, moonlight shone brightly, making her look as pale as himself. She was wearing nothing but Percy's old Camp Half-Blood orange T-shirt, which was too baggy for her, perfectly hiding her luscious curves. The sleeves almost reached her elbows and the shirt was big enough to cover her too sexy butt. Stop it, Nico. Get a grip on yourself. He reprimanded himself. Annabeth was his boyfriend's girlfriend. He had seen her naked plenty of times and her body had become one of his favourite aspects about her along with her mind blowing strategies and sharp tongue. He clearly saw what Percy saw in her. At first he had hated her; even though Percy had been oblivious to Annabeth's crush on him, he shared many moments with her which reminded Nico of an old married couple. Then after the Titan war they had started dating; Percy had not spared Nico even another glance. Then finally, when Nico had been captured in the House of Hades, Percy had gone to extreme lengths to make sure he rescued Nico. And Nico loved him for that. Then that Cupid had messed up everything and Jason came to know about his crush. But, in reality, unlike what he had told Jason, he never gave up on Percy. When he was about to leave for the Half-Blood hill with Coach and Reyna, Annabeth had come to him and it was clear that she knew. I know about it , Annabeth had said, her eyes momentarily flicking over Percy who was near the sails. She had told him that Percy had liked him, but he was unable to say anything because these feelings were foreign to him. Dumbly, he had asked Annabeth why she was telling that to him. 'Because now, you will have something to look forward to. Something to hope for. I swear on Styx that if you survive, you will get what you want.', she had said. And that was what had kept him alive: Hope. And he had gotten more than he wished for. He had Percy and Annabeth. Shaking away these thoughts he concentrated on the topic in front of him, a very sexy topic. Nico had never realized when, but one fine morning he had woken up to find that his heart ached for Annabeth as much it did for Percy. He had fallen for her very hard and he didn't regret it. Annabeth's breathing was controlled now, but her cheeks were flushed pink as if she had just remembered the naughty dreams she was having. 'Annabeth? Were you having dreams?' he asked her cautiously, trying his best to keep up an innocent facade while hiding his smugness. She turned to him, and her cheeks flushed to a darker shade of pink. 'Nothing.', she quietly mumbled. This was a golden opportunity for him to show her how much he loved her and making her dreams into reality. And he wasn't going to let it go. 'Oh really? Because I clearly recall that you were moaning in sleep. Moaning my name, nonetheless.' Annabeth stammered. She hadn't expected this to be so real, he wasn't supposed to hear anything. She had fallen for Nico when he had moved to their apartment. His reserved smiles, smug faces, evil glares had all turned her on. But she didn't tell anyone. She didn't think it was a good idea to crush on her boyfriend's boyfriend. But that hadn't stopped her from getting hot and flustered when she saw him and Percy kissing each other. Even worse, when he fucked Percy, Annabeth could hardly sleep without touching herself while reliving the memory. This had eventually led to dreams in which she had made love to Nico and also when in which they had had sex like horny teenagers. If Percy found out about it, she didn't know what he would do. Not meeting his gaze, Annabeth replied to Nico, 'I don't know what you are saying.' Her lips quivered and in an instant she was pinned to the bed, Nico's arms on her both sides, not allowing her to move. His face was only an inch apart ,his body almost moulded with hers and she sub-consciously licked her lips. 'Do not lie.' Nico growled. 'You were moaning my name like a little slut. So, tell me why . Do I turn you on, Annabeth? Do I make you so wet that you cannot even refrain touching yourself after seeing me naked? Tell me.' There was a mischievous glint in his eyes as they regarded her form trapped beneath his. She sucked in a breath, unintentionally pushing her breasts closer to him. 'Look at me.' He commanded her as he pressed his throbbing erection to her barely covered core. She obeyed and Nico was surprised with the emotions he saw in them. He expected her just to be physically attracted to him , but when her gaze met his he melted on seeing the love in her eyes. Annabeth was certainly not going to just gaze in his eyes, she had other needs that needed to be taken care of. 'Nico.' She breathed his name and he almost came. Annabeth gave him no time to recover; she pulled his lips down to meet hers. She closed her eyes as he gently brushed his lips against hers. Then he made the kiss deeper and attacked her lips. He gently scraped his tongue against her lower lip and she arched her back, while opening her mouth in a silent moan. Nico took this as an opportunity to push his tongue in her mouth. He gently stroked her tongue with his and deepened the kiss. It was too much for Annabeth; for months she had tried to conceal her lust for him, but if he continued teasing her she would not be able to resist him for even another minute. She shifted beneath the boy so that her both legs were on either side of the boy and her core was unbearably close to his growing erection. She fisted her hands in his messy hair and brought him closer to her. He groaned in her mouth and broke the kiss, making her struggle for air. He devoured in her form; her breasts rapidly rising and falling, her lips dark red and slightly parted, her grey irises filled with lust. And he could feel her wetness even through his boxers. Annabeth stared at the sexy creature above her. His pale skin shone in the moonlight. His muscled torso almost touching her breasts. His black orbs contained a raw undeniable emotion: lust. Gods of Olympus, she wanted him so bad. He was thinking along the same thoughts, she mused, when he lifted her shirt from her body and over her head and tossed it over his head. She had worn a black lace bra and panties of the same style. He was so turned on by black. Suddenly, she felt nervous under him as his eyes roamed every part of her exposed skin. She wriggled under him, unconsciously rubbing his erection with her heat. 'Stop!' he growled for apparent reasons, the friction making it harder for him to control his animalistic urges. She stopped and stared in his eyes and almost melted from the emotions in them. 'Annabeth.', he said, his voice barely a whisper. 'Tell me to stop, I will stop.' Oh gods, she didn't want him to stop. He felt so utterly sexy above her; she couldn't help but imagine how he would feel inside her. 'Nico.', she whimpered. 'Yes, love.' 'Don't stop. Fuck me.' His eyes widened when he heard her talking dirty. She pulled him close for another kiss. They kissed passionately while Nico moved his hand behind her and unhooked her bra. He cupped her breasts in his palms and Annabeth shivered. Nico broke the kiss and moved down to kiss her peaks which were already hard. He circled the left peak with his tongue and sucked on it. He used his one hand to hold her in place as she arched her back and another to pinch her right nipple. She could no longer bear the sweet torment and let out a loud moan. She pushed him closer to her breast. Unfazed by her grip on his hair, he proceeded to lick, bite, suck and pinch her nipples. He then continued his torment on the other peak which was begging for his attention. Annabeth decided that she couldn't bear to watch him do all the work. She moved one hand to cup his growing erection and started stroking him slowly. Nico let out a loud groan. He removed his mouth from her breasts and gave her a dangerous look. 'You like to play dirty, huh, Annabeth?' he growled. 'I will give you dirty.' He took her bra and tossed it somewhere and then started licking his trail southwards. He swirled his tongue inside her belly button and then, satisfied by her moan, continued the trail downwards. On reaching the hem of her panties, he ripped them apart and threw it at a side. He could see her core moistened with her fluids. He traced a finger along her folds and flicked her nub with his thumb. She arched her back and let out a loud moan. He breathed in her scent. A low growl formed in his throat when he envisioned Percy thrusting in these fold while he sucked them. He flicked his tongue along her folds and pressed her sensitive nub with his thumb. Annabeth shuddered. He entered one finger in her folds. Annabeth let out another moan. He started pumping his finger in and out. He added another finger to her folds and started sucking on her core, simultaneously. More moans were heard. He added another finger and thrust faster. He created a steady rhythm and Annabeth was reduced to a quivering mess. 'Nico! Gods, yes! Don't stop...' Annabeth continued moaning. Nico sensed that she was