A/N: For returning readers, I've broken up the first story into four-parts. There is no new content for The Cintamani Stone. Please proceed to King Solomon's Mine Part 1. Disclaimer: All rights of Harry Potter reserved to J.K. Rowling. Anything you recognise I do not own, anything you don't recognise I've probably pilfered as well. All the sources have become jumbled in my head. They might be from novels, fan fiction stories, playstation games, wiki pages, web articles, and the like. I wrote this story because I enjoy action adventure stories. I'm not making any money out of this. Corrections and suggestions for improvement are welcome. If you're not having fun, move on and read something else. No need to tell me that you dislike my story. As this story is an Alternate Universe, take any deviation from canon as intentional. THE CINTAMANI STONE PART 1 Topkapi Palace in Istanbul was a daunting, sprawling structure. It had been a prominent residence of the sultans during the Ottoman Empire from the 15th century, but it had since been converted into a museum in 1924, displaying Ottoman treasures and jewellery, as well as shields, weapons and armour. Harry spent two weeks studying its floor plans (including the elaborate sewer system) and visiting the grounds as a tourist until he was sure he had a good handle of the place. His plan was to apparate disillusioned to the exhibition room where the ceramic oil lamp that potentially contained the map he was looking for was and steal it with anyone none the wiser. But he knew that plans rarely survived first contact, so he was taking his time mapping escape routes in the off chance that he needed it. The floor plans themselves had cost him a lot of money. He was at first unsure of its accuracy, so he had to make do with taking a tour of the museum to confirm that the floor plans he purchased was accurate. As far as he could tell from the parts that were accessible to the public, it was indeed accurate. He could have memorised the palace interiors sooner if he wasn't so distracted by the museum itself. Every ceiling, every wall, and every floor held so much history, and he marvelled at the gilded ceilings that screamed of opulence, stared at the ultramarine blue ceiling with golden stars, and studied the blue-tiled walls in star of David patterns. The Indian-style throne decorated with pearls and emeralds looked lavish, as was the Spoonmaker's Diamond, an 86-karat, pear-shaped diamond set in silver and surrounded by two rows of 49 cut diamonds. But despite all the expensive treasures found inside the museum, all he was after was a simple ceramic oil lamp, the only distinguishing characteristic of which was its age. The museum hadn't even bothered to do a conventional x-ray scan on it to have seen that something might be inside it and was simply put on display with other nondescript pottery. No one would miss it. From all his wanderings, he determined that Topkapi Palace didn't have any magical wards to deter him from executing his plan. Its main defences were threefold: security cameras, iron grates that descended from all passageways that would trap thieves as soon as they were detected, and armed guards from the Turkish military. With magic on his side, he was sure none of these would stop him. His only limitation was to not get caught doing magic and breaking the Statute of Secrecy. Despite all the preparatory work he was doing to steal the oil lamp, he was enjoying his vacation in Istanbul. He was checked-in at the Ciragan Palace Kempinski, and his one-bedroom palace suite had a beautiful view of Bosphorus Strait from his living room windows. If the trail he was pursuing was going to lead him to Tibet as he had expected it to, his luxurious accommodations would be foregone for more austere dwellings eventually, so for now he was going to enjoy living in style. To keep to the pretence that he was merely here on vacation and not for any nefarious purpose, he had done the touristy thing and went to visit the Hagia Sophia, the Byzantine Hippodrome, and the Basilica Cistern. He also went shopping in Istanbul's Grand Bazaar and in the Egyptian (Spice) Bazaar for gifts to his many friends. After flirting with a Turkish man with the loveliest grey eyes during the full-day Bosphorus Cruise he took, he brought him back to his hotel and they had an enjoyable time. The man was in the import/export business, and their conversations alone were worth his time. Not to mention that the sex was good too. - THE CINTAMANI STONE - Harry was wearing a skin-tight tebo hide suit. It fit so snugly in his body that it left little else to the imagination. He had on gloves and combat boots made from aethonan hind dyed black. His holly and phoenix feather wand was sheathed on his right thigh, two tactical knives were sheathed on his left thigh, and around his waist was a utility belt with two more tactical knives, lock picks, industrial grade light sticks, and a grappling hook. Slung on his neck underneath his suit was the mokeskin pouch Hagrid gave to him years ago that served him well during the horcrux hunt. Underneath his woollen hood and eye mask made of aethonan hind, he had applied a glamour using an amalgamation of Turkish men's faces he'd seen these last two weeks. The glamour for his eyes, he used those of the man he hooked up with the night before. He looked every bit the vigilante he was going for. He had left his invisibility cloak in his house in his self-owned island, Heimholm, located in the southwest coast of Scotland, as he was no longer willing to use it carelessly as he had done in the past. Instead, he was under a disillusionment charm, a silencing charm, and a scent cancelling charm. Upon checking that he had all the equipment he needed, he apparated to the exhibition room where the ceramic oil lamp he needed to steal was located inside Topkapi Palace. As soon as he arrived, he knew he was already in trouble. It felt as though tiny ants were crawling beneath his skin, which he knew was the effect of anti-apparition and anti-portkey wards settling around the palace. The intruder alarm blared, and emergency lights flooded the room. He had seconds to get what he came for before he was blocked from leaving the room by the iron grates that was beginning to descend on all the exits to quarantine him. Knowing the game was up, he unholstered his wand and vanished the glass case. He took the lamp and put it inside his mokeskin pouch. Then he hightailed out of the room towards the exit where the nearest access to the sewer was. He still felt confident that he was going to get out of the palace without any additional problems. His disillusionment, silencing and scent cancelling charms were still up, so as long as he didn't physically bump into any of the guards from the Turkish military that he was sure was by now looking for him, he was safe. He ran through a corridor leading to the courtyard where he knew a pothole to the sewers was. As soon as he reached the courtyard, he knew he had to scrap all his plans including all the contingencies. How was he to know that all the guards would come wearing infrared goggles? The one thing he couldn't hide was the very thing they used to easily find him: his body giving off heat. "Give it up wizard," spoke one of the guards in Turkish, which Harry understood, after going through the same process that Crouch underwent to speak a hundred and fifty languages. He looked behind him to see if he could go back the way he came and saw more guards running towards him. He was surrounded. The guards were more than twenty in his estimation, which included those seven that were propped on the balconies with sniper rifles aimed at his head. He had a dark lord who made several attempts on his life without success and here he was about to die via muggle means. Faced with these odds, his stubbornness kicked in and he thought to himself that he was certainly not going to die without a fight. He crouched to avoid the sniper rifles aimed on his head and kicked one of the men in the knees. Amidst the gunfire he heard the snap of broken bones. He was constantly moving and pummelling the guards as he reached them, hitting them where they will immediately be incapacitated: their balls, throats, eyes, and knees. Merlin help him that his tebo hide suit would manage to stop the bullets that were hitting him. He had never tested it because he didn't think he needed to. He sure was proven wrong right now that he did need to test it. He had a new problem as the guards that were on the courtyard grounds with him dwindled. It was giving those in the balcony a clearer shot of him. But then a moment of inspiration came to him. Because he was still disillusioned and they only managed to track him thru his body heat, he nonverbally cast the fire-making spell followed by the flame-freezing charm and surrounded himself with fire. The guards continued to fire but the bullets were missing him now. He continued to cast the two spells as he made his way to the pothole. When he reached the bottom he ran as fast as he could in knee deep water. The smell was awful but he endured it. After running for a kilometre, he reached the end of the palace wards and apparated to Marka Park, where he then took a marble out from his pocket and applied a portkey charm to it that would take him immediately to Caddebostan Dalyan Park, where he then apparated to Emirgan Park, where he then charmed another marble out from his pocket to portkey him immediately to Yildiz Park. He ran through the trees and upon nearly reaching Ciragan Road, hid behind the shadow of a tree and removed all his equipment, took off all his clothes, stored all of them in his mokeskin pouch, applied a scouring charm on himself, and changed into clothes that would suggest he had spent the night drinking and then got lucky afterwards and hooked up. Back in his hotel room, he took off all his clothes and checked himself for injuries. His tebo suit had come through. He didn't have any gunshot wounds, but he sure had lots of severe bruising. He took a hot shower to wash away the grime and the smell from the sewers and then liberally applied bruise removal paste on all his bruises, silently thanking the Weasley twins for inventing it and sharing the potions recipe with him. The bruises would be gone in an hour. He then drank an invigoration draught so as not to appear lethargic. "Skully!" Harry called. "Master Harry called Skully?" Skully asked. Skully took a good look at Harry with all his bruises and said, "Skully didn't know Master Harry was now into S&M." "You're a ray of sunshine Skully. And how do you even know S&M?" Harry asked. "Skully is a good elf and needs to anticipate whatever Master Harry may ask," Skully said. "No S&M today Skully. Nor in the future. Maybe. Anyway, pack my things but don't take them back to Heimholm. I'll be bringing them home myself to avoid suspicion that I was anything but a tourist. But take my mokeskin pouch with you. My international portkey leaves in two hours so expect me back by then," Harry said. "Will Master Harry be taking his lunch when he gets home?" Skully asked.