So this is very, very long over-due. I think I promised it last June/July? Yeah, around then. Either way, here is the sex scene between Kronos and Percy! This takes place between chapters 62 and 63, so now you'll know how they broke the fountain, the bed, and Poseidon's statue! The chapter for Past Changes is very nearly finished... ish. I'm on a very important scene that I'm trying to get right... and it's hard. I've started the chapter for the sequel to CbT (Confused by Storm), and have no clue when that will be posted (after PC is updated, probably). So this is where I admit that a good friend of mine took to this task with... disturbing enthusiasm. Really... disturbing. I'm awful at scenes like this, so she helped. Chapter 62.5 - Liberty Kronos' hands are feverishly warm. It's something that Percy's always known, that immortals have a higher body temperature than mortals. He pulled Kronos down towards him again, relishing the feeling of the older Titan. It was almost like a drug, Kronos' presence. The constantly moving divine energy swirled around them, occasionally lashing out. Kronos was dangerous, very dangerous. But that made it all the better for Percy. He'd always got a thrill from danger. He'd figured that was what had drawn him to Kronos in the first place when he'd been trying to stop the war by changing the Titan. Percy grunted as warm lips pressed against his, letting out a low moan when Kronos' fingers slipped up the inside of his shirt. Percy sighed. "Sure you don't want to sleep?" Kronos paused, frowning slightly down at Percy. "I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't want to," he stated, his fingers moving up Percy's body. "Do you not want to?" Percy snorted. "Oh, I want to." A grin crept across the older Titan's face, pleased with Percy's response to his question. Wasting no time, Kronos took full advantage of the situation, aiming to not leave one part of the other Titan untouched. He leaned in for a peck to Percy's lips before tugging the younger Titan's shirt off him. A wry smile framed Kronos' face, as he briefly scanned Percy over. His fingers ghosted over Percy's torso tracing over the curves of Percy's abdomen, effortlessly mapping every nook and cranny of the younger Titan. Every now and again, his fingers would glide over a sensitive spot causing Percy to arch into Kronos' touch. He let Kronos do what he wanted to, after all, it was his night. Kronos found it helpful that Percy kept arching his back at his touch, gaining him more access to Percy's neck. Moving in, he started gently nibbling at the flesh around Percy's collarbone. "Mmmm." Percy hummed lost in the moment. A pleasurable tingling sensation aroused in his southern regions. Percy was gone, without a doubt he would have given Kronos a degree for the ability to turn someone on. It still amazed Percy that all his scars were gone, a result of the transformation into a Titan. The scar down his arm that labelled him as Kronos' had also vanished, something that Percy was undeniably pleased about. There were, after all, more subtle ways to show his allegiance. Kronos retreated back up the younger one's torso, noticing Percy wasn't currently in the moment. He couldn't let his partner drift off into his own world. To share this with Percy was all he could ask for. "Stop thinking," Kronos grumbled before leaning in, meeting Percy's lips with his own. The kiss was soft, sweet and tender. Kronos pouring his full soul and being into Percy in that moment of time. "Sorry," Percy gasped out from the lack of oxygen, looking up at the older Titan. "Don't be," the smile was back on Kronos' face, calculating his next move. "But you'll be sorry tomorrow after what I do to you tonight." Percy scoffed at the older Titan's comment. Yes, maybe Kronos had been imprisoned for several months, so that was an excuse to fuck him senseless. After all, Kronos had been the obedient, subservient Titan in his captivity. Both he and Percy were entitled to this reckless night together after being torn apart for so long. Kronos being Kronos still wasn't satisfied with the amount of clothes that remained on Percy. "This won't do, Perseus." Percy felt his cheeks heat up at that moment. He knew Kronos' desire in the words he said turned him on and he didn't want to keep him waiting any longer. Percy's fingers fumbled down towards the button on his jeans, helplessly trying to undo them in the pitch dark. Instead, he felt the frame of his bed beneath him shift and the Titan above him shift his position. "Kronos where are you-" He was cut off when he felt a finger press against his lips, silencing him. Kronos breathed out. "I'm just here." His warm breath fanning just above his southern area. Percy's body was now on fire. Not literally. But his blood was pulsating through his veins, the heat radiating off his toned abs and Kronos' warm breath wasn't helping him in staying calm. Kronos moved in closer towards Percy's navel, his lips pressing towards the skin above it. "Kronos," Percy sighed quietly. The older Titan felt a pair of hands sink into the curls of his head. Curious, he tilted his head up a little, observing the younger one beneath him with hooded eyes. Percy's face was in pure bliss. Eyes shut, a soft smile engraved his face, and his cheeks dusted with the palette of peony pink. Though the cabin was pitch dark, Kronos could see every inch of Percy as if it was clear day. Kronos smirked, moving down Percy's torso back to the hem of his jeans, deliberately dragging his lips against the other's skin, the younger Titan's hands still in his soft curls guiding his head. Reaching the buttons of Percy's jeans, he took the fabric in his mouth pulling it away, releasing Percy from his cage . Percy removed his hands from Kronos shuffling out of his jeans, he threw it away into the abyss of the cabin, feeling Kronos come down on him again. His boxers still remained, yet Kronos wanted to enjoy this. He had other ideas in mind. Kronos moved back towards Percy's clothed southern region, just before the one beneath him started to take his boxers off. His warm hand grabbed Percy's stopping him, his hand fitting perfectly around the smaller one he clasped. "Allow me, Perseus." The Titan moved down dangerously close to the tent of Percy's boxers. "Kronos," Percy warned shifting up to rest on his elbows, trying to watch the Titan carry out his ministrations in the abyss. Kronos chuckled, a mischievous glint in his golden eyes before ducking down on Percy. Percy's breath hitched in his throat as he felt Kronos tug at his boxers with his teeth. "Shit." He cursed, his head falling back into the pillow, his sensations overwhelmed. The fact that he had Kronos teasing him like this was causing him to mentally malfunction. Kronos tackled the boxers skillfully, managing to pull them off effortlessly, making Percy question just how experienced the Titan was in this area of the anatomy. He smirked at the younger naked Titan beneath him, shifting his position so he was just straddling Percy's waist. "You can't be the one having all the fun," Percy whined. "Strip now." There wasn't a response back from the Titan, except the sound of the bed creaking in relief from Kronos' weight. The bed now cold from the lack of Kronos, the warmth was leaving Percy's body, causing a slight shiver to run down his veins. The cold air nipped at his naked skin. A few more minutes passed and not a sound from Kronos. Percy was getting unnerved about where the older Titan may be. "Kronos?" No response. "Oi. Don't leave me," Percy grumbled. "I'm getting cold." He felt a pair of arms wrap around him sending a shockwave up his spine, his skin now electric whilst held in Kronos' arms from behind. "Warm enough?" the Titan finally answered. "Hmm. Yeah, now I am." Percy mumbled leaning back into Kronos' chest, getting comfy. "Good because now it's time for starters." Kronos' voice was now quiet, his face pressed against Percy's neck from behind. The steady thump, thump of Kronos' heart reverberated against Percy's back, compared to his that was racing a mile a minute. Kronos moved in to attack the nape of Percy's neck, distracting him from the hand that was moving further and further down. He travelled up and around until he reached Percy's ear, kissing the spot just beneath it, the most sensitive part of Percy. Percy moaned quietly when Kronos reached the most tender part, trying to cover his mouth with the back of his hand to muffle the noises escalating from his mouth. Kronos' other hand moved back towards Percy's, prying his hand away from his mouth. "I want to hear you." Kronos breathed in Percy's ear, his hand reaching Percy's length. Percy's breath hitched in his throat when he felt Kronos stroke the tip of his length. Too engulfed in his thoughts Percy wasn't aware of the older Titan's next move. "Kron- shit." Percy moaned when he felt a finger send a shock through his system, Kronos' long finger now deep in Percy's nether regions. "I need to prepare you first." Kronos chuckled at Percy's reaction. "Or do you want the pain?" A cocky smile was on Kronos' face. "I'm good," Percy denied, letting Kronos finger him in the ass instead. He knew Kronos would obliterate him tonight, but going in rough like this for the first time, Percy wasn't too keen. "Lube perhaps?" Kronos asked, removing his engulfed finger. "Do I look like I would own any?" Percy scoffed rolling his eyes, blushing slightly at Kronos' erotic comment. Kronos smiled summoning a bottle out of nowhere, before placing a little on the pads of his fingers. There was no warning, the older Titan pushing the first finger in, curling it around until he could feel the spongy spot he was looking for. It was an odd feeling for Percy, the thought of a guy's finger up his ass never occurred to him, yet alone it being the Titan of Time's. He let out a laugh at the thought of this. "What?" Kronos interjected thinking what Percy thought was funny. "Nothing. It's just…" Percy smiled to himself giddy. "What?" Kronos asked. Percy stayed silent, trying not to make a sound, but the pleasure was becoming too unbearable for him to contain, causing him to mewl occasionally. Kronos wasn't having it though, managing to eventually find Percy's prostate. An evil smile crawled across his face as he curled his finger towards it, feeling Percy arch his back in response. "Nghhh." Percy cried out his heart rate increasing. Fuck he thought. He never thought he'd feel this good in his life before. "Speak," Kronos whispered in his ear, continuing to pump his finger in and out of his hole. "I- I never thought, I… I would have," Percy gasped out, his head now resting in the crook of Kronos' neck, "the Titan of Time's finger," Percy was becoming breathless as Kronos increased his pace, "up my butthole." Percy finally managed to finish his sentence, which took more effort than expected. Percy cried out again feeling Kronos' finger curl out of his hole. Kronos smirked, kissing Percy's cheek. "Well, let's see how far I can spread you." With that he pressed two fingers towards the hole, easing them in gently, trying to not cause Percy too much discomfort. Percy shuffled a little trying to position himself on Kronos' fingers. He shut his eyes, feeling a slight twinge of pain when the two fingers were in, trying to let himself adjust. Kronos looked towards Percy, observing his face and the way he reacted. "You