~*~I don't own these characters. I do own the crazy, whacked out mind that put them in this situation. ~*~ Author: frggystyl Pairing(s): Alice & Charlie, Bella & Jasper Genre: Supernatural, Romance, Suspense, Humor Rating: M (at least old enough to vote, mmm kay?) Status: In progress Pre-Reader: BetterInTexas Betas: Teresa Segrest & MrsAlderaan Banner Made By: Mist 3 Readers of this story: Um, you guys rock my socks. Yep. Summary: At Alice's request, Edward is absent for Bella's first day of school. While sulking in the woods contemplating his siblings' recent secrecy, Edward happens upon the most intoxicating scent he's ever encountered... Something is about to go down at Casa Swan & there are two targets in the cross hairs. Charlie wants to be a good dad, & he's going to start by doing what comes naturally to a good dad, trying to protect his daughter. He'll get his chance, maybe for longer than he ever imagined... (First Fan Fic - constructive criticism welcomed!) Disclaimer: ~It is my full intent to have grown up subject matter. There will be swearing (and lots of it), character death, sex & who know what else. If you mom would get mad at you reading this kind of story (and is able to punish you for doing so), then you are probably too young. ~This story was un-beta'd up until chapter 4. Chapter 4 and beyond are all checked, but chapters 3 & under contain only my mistakes. ~Oh, and... I own only the mind that created this story right here. Any characters you recognize, I don't own them. And if I did own them, I'd be much richer. But, I'm not. So, yeah... Bella POV Ugh. Just, ugh. Guess it's a much more positive sentiment than I expected to be able to express after my first day on display. I all things considered, my first day at Forks High could have been worse. Having moved often with my capricious, lovable, hairbrained mom multiple times in her various searches for, well, whatever she was looking for at that time, I figured I would be ready for this move. Once you've been a new kid, you can do it at any school, right? Wrong. My notoriety could have been due to several factors. Being the daughter of the beloved police chief whose flighty wife took off with their only child may have been a contributing factor. Let's not forget that it was the middle of the first semester of my Junior year not unusual to start up then. Oh, then there is the fact that this entire town's population is only slightly smaller than the student body at my last high school. I guess when everyone has gone to the same school since kindergarten, new faces like my pale one tend to stick out. Well, I didn't stick out as much as the only other new kids in Forks since the 1980s, the Carters, er, um, Cullens. Looked like someone did a cut & paste from an Abercrombie ad & put the touched up models in the wrong picture. They somehow managed to look more out of place than me, a truly magnificent feat. All four of them seemed otherworldly. According to Jessica, my apparent new BFF or tapeworm, the 'hottest' and only available Cullen, Edwin (I think?) was absent. My arrival could have been a little less traumatic; would have been nice for Charlie, er, um, Dad, to keep his yap shut. Yeah, I get that he's excited to have me live here with him. Apparently it was too much to ask that he keep some of that excitement in. Considering Char..Dad likes the spotlight as much as I do he might have maybe tried to help me slip in under the radar or something. No such luck. Guess Mr. Stoic the Mustachioed gets to gossiping like a girl when he gets too excited. Alright, time to find the silver lining on this cloud… every cloud is supposed to have one, right? Don't want to walk in from my first day looking like someone kicked my puppy. It is obvious Charlie is already far too nervous about making me happy here. I can just imagine him in Port Angeles trying to pick out the new bedding. Oh, the color of red he must've turned while buying that purple comforter & accent pillows. Doubt he even knew what an accent pillow even was until he got taken by the sales lady. Bet she got a commission off of THAT sale. Dad kind of went overboard trying to make my room comfortable. No one needs THAT many throw pillows. Guess the ol' sales gal really did snow Dad, huh? So, Bella, silver lining, silver lining, silver lining – Ooh – my truck DOES kick ass. And I didn't have to get a police escort to and from school. That was the thing I'd most dreaded about moving here. Well, that and the first day of school. First day of school wasn't my cup of tea, so I'd just have to go with the warm & fuzzies I could conjure up while thinking of my new beast. Hell, Beast might even be a good name for this beautiful tank! With these thoughts, I grabbed my backpack from the passenger seat and opened my door, trying to swing my legs as I pulled my backpack towards me. Smart, Bella. Ever just KNOW something is going to happen and you are powerless to stop it? Not like psychic kind of stuff (as if), no, more like, you can just TELL that a certain idiot on the road is going to crash or that a kid is going to burn their hand on the stove, that kind of stuff? Well, here I sat, er, um, fell watching the cement rapidly approaching my face. I knew that if I didn't brace myself that my face & this patch of cement were going to become quite friendly & stitches would not a good second day of school make. Grace may not be my strong point, but minimizing the effects of a fall sure may be… folks as klutzy as I am tend to master the art of the fall pretty quick. I was able to use my filled backpack's momentum to swing the impromptu cushion under by belly and braced my hands to catch the fall. I heard rather than felt the effects of the fall first. A loud "oof" left my mouth as the familiar sound of my body hitting the ground followed. Waiting for the pain to kick in, I heard Char, Dad, rushing down the stairs. "Bells! Wow! Still know how to take a good fall, eh, kiddo?" Charlie rushed. "What did my sidewalk ever do to you? Seems like once a visit you always get into it with the ol' sidewalk & you've yet to win a bout, Bella. Might wanna consider laying off the ol' sidewalk for a while, considering you'll be living here. One fall every two weeks on this sidewalk could take a lot of extra pressure washing in the spring." Old man has jokes, huh? A large part of me felt like doing an impression of Peter Griffin skinning his knee (Dad always HAS has loved juvenile humor), but an even larger part realized that I was too out of breath and in too much pain to try and have jokes, too. So, since joking was out, looks like Operation Hurt Little Girl was in effect. Not bothering to wipe the tears from my eyes ('cause that fucking fall hurt), I looked up at Charlie, DAD, and sniffled. "Daddy, if you really loved me, you would take my side against my nemesis. This sidewalk just hurt me & you are there making jokes!" Reaching down to help me up, Dad chuckled, "Nemesis, huh? And I'm the jokester" "Yes, Dad, nemesis. Enemy, adversary, foe, rival." The smell hit. Ugh. Worse than ugh. Copper, metal, rust, the undeniable smell of blood. You'd think a fall-taking klutz like me would be used to the smell. Well, you'd be thinking wrong in this case. I felt my face twist into a grimace as I realized I must be bleeding from at least both palms, if not my knees as well. "C'mon, Kiddo. Let's get you inside & get fixed up. Looks like that extra first aid kit I got when you called to say that you wanted to move in is going to be coming in handy much sooner than I'd hoped." Dad grabbed by arm by the wrist & elbow, being careful to avoid by bleeding palms to help me up off of my backpack. I must've looked like a high-centered truck sprawled on my backpack like that. Dad was checking out my palms, "Got some gravel in there. When you do it, you really do it, huh Bells? Want me to help get the gravel out or do you want to go ahead & get your chart established at Forks General? The nurses might be gentler than I am going to be getting those rocks out." Do I want to go to the hospital? Hell no. Once the PE teacher stops letting me sit out, I'm sure I'll be in the ER often enough, and will probably be bringing them some extra business (depending on the sport I try to play & how close people have to be when I try to play it). "No, let's do this." "Alright kiddo, you have a seat on the couch & I'll be down with the supplies. Doctor Dad is on duty!" Charlie sang as he dropped my backpack & headed for the upstairs bathroom. "Doctor Dad" is what I used to call Charlie when he'd have to fix the hundreds of 'boo-boos' I got each summer during our visits. Suppose all of the basic medical training Charlie has to keep up with for his job as the Chief of the Forks Police Department comes in handy at home, since nothing requiring any sort of action ever really happens here. Charlie POV "Alright kiddo, you have a seat on the couch & I'll be down with the supplies. Doctor Dad is on duty!" I was simply unable to help the smile that the simple phrase brought forth. My little Bells may have grown up, but she'll always be the same klutzy kiddo who needed Doctor Dad to fix the bad boo-boos. A dad always likes to know he's needed, and my Bella needed me. While digging out the first aid kit & tweezers, I couldn't help but recall the day a few months ago when Bella called. As Bella was a Junior in high school, I'd basically resigned myself to the fact that she'd finish school, go to college & then my next big role in her life would be walking her down the aisle; hopefully in that order. However, Renee had just remarried some kid who played baseball & my sweet Bella was once again looking out for everyone but herself. I knew exactly why she wanted to move in with me. Renee had wanderlust again and Bella felt like she was holding her mom back, putting her new marriage in jeopardy. I knew it would be easier for Bella to just finish out high school without moving, but having missed so many major milestones in her life already, I jumped at the chance to have her living with me. Was it selfish? Maybe. Was I going to do everything in my power be the dad I missed out on being? You bet your ass I was. First aid kit & tweezers in hand, I dropped my cargo on the coffee table on my way to the kitchen to grab some paper towels. Maybe ought to get some wet and dry paper towels. This was gonna be a bit messy. Poor kiddo. As I settled on the coffee table across from Bella, I laid some paper towels