Ever heard of the song Satisfied of the Hamilton Musical? Well, that song is killing me, so here I am writing all my hurt, anger, and frustrations because of the damn song. Enjoy my shitty writing skills~ DISCLAIMER : Characters: not mine. Song it was based from: not mine. Story: mine "Ladies and gentlemen, lets' give it up for Mr. Draco Lucius Malfoy, the best man!" The whole banquet hall was filled with cheers and applause as a blond man waved his hand and ascended to the stage to stand beside the table of the groom and the bride. Dressed in what may be one of the finest suits tailored in Wizarding Britain, the blond man began his speech, "I cannot believe that this is happening," he exhaled, "A binding of both of my greatest, if not the best, of my friends." Draco raised his wine glass to the couple sitting a few feet from him. "You two are precious people not only for everybody in this hall, but also for me, especially for me." Smirking at the couple while in turn they smiled at him "We were a team and not like the other two blokes you call best friends, Hermione." "Bugger off Malfoy!"A ginger-haired man shouted at the back as the bride glared and then giggled at the man's joke, while the groom smirked. Shrugging the comment off, Malfoy continued, "Hermione, you are an insufferable woman, whose made her mission in life to annoy and oppose me in every step of the way. And here you are beside Blaise and I couldn't agree more." He smiled, like really smiled, with eyes wrinkling and all that and then he took his eyes off of from the beaming bride, "Blaise, you are one hell of a great person considering you stuck with us, playing the arbiter in each of our fights. I can't imagine any other man besides you who would suit her the best." He grinned at the groom of the celebration while the said person laughed and kissed the blushing bride beside him. He watched as they couple looked lovey-dovey while everyone awed at them. "Everyone, to the groom!" He called while everybody clapped and chorused. "A man whose life changed when he met his bride, gone was the immature boy everyone knew, and now here stands a man who's whole-heartedly willing to give it his all for one woman." "I remember that night, that night where it all began", he said while taking a sip from his champagne, "When two people no more than strangers fell in love." Two years ago "This is going to be boring. Let's go somewhere else, Draco." Blaise Zabini, wearing a mint green button-down linen shirt and white pants and leather boat shoes, said as he and the other man, Draco Malfoy, walked through the corridors to reach their destination. The gala was held by the Ministry of magic to celebrate the coming of a new year. Everyone who works in the Ministry of Britain are required to attend and enjoy themselves. Draco, being an Auror, attended with his best friend as his plus one. Wearing a brand new tailored grey suit, he matched it with a forest green tie and oxford shoes to try and impress his boss and colleagues. Not that he needed to, but he was new to the team and he is going to be for a while, especially since his father wanted him to enjoy his life before taking over the company of the Malfoys. "Well, you know I can't escape this ball. My boss is going to be looking for me." The blond man, Draco, whispered in irritation for his friend's impatience, "Why join me when all you'll do is complain?" "It's the weekend. I figured I need to go out and play," Blaise shrugged, "Besides, my mother has brought home his new boyfriend. I'd rather be in a boring party than in that house." He frowned. "You could always go to a bar." The blond suggested while showing the guard his invitation for the party and signaling that the man beside him is with him. "I need classy and dignified ladies, Draco." Blaise stated, "I'm getting a bit sick and tired of women throwing their selves on my feet." Blaise sneered and like some alpha male, he puffed his chest, "I need a challenge. And the only good place where you'll find those types are in events like these." He looked around and spotted dozens of women everywhere. Focusing on the bar where a few girls were giggling amongst themselves, he whistled. "I must say, there are a lot of beauties in here tonight." "Yeah, a lot of them ready to hex you into oblivion. You do know that this is the Auror party right?" The blond pointed out, "Majority of the people in here are Aurors or at least related to one." He said while signaling at a tall man, a professor in Hogwarts, Neville Longbottom, son of Alice Longbottom a well-known Auror who is talking with Luna Lovegood and her dad, reporters taking coverage in the party being held. Huffing at his unsupportive friend, the other one declared, "Unlike you, my dear Draco. I will never be satisfied." Winking at a passing woman in red who ignored him, he then added, "I'm a man of conquest!" Draco smirked, "One day, you'll find yourself eating those words. And you'll find me laughing at you." Tightening his red tie and securing his cuff links, Draco sent a knowing look on Blaise, "I expect you to be on your best behavior." "Whatever, Drakie-Poo," Blaise slurred while copying the nickname that another friend of theirs gave Draco to annoy him, "I'm going to look for somebody to take home tonight. Talk to you later." And Blaise proceeded to disappear in the crowd of talking witches and wizards. Draco approached his colleagues in their respective reserved table. Taking a sip from the champagne he picked up from a random flying tray, he sat down feeling a bit anti-social at the moment. He observed his surroundings, finding his boss talking to the Minister, while some of his co-workers are by the bar drinking and ranting, while some are chattering with other tables, and some others were by the buffet, stuffing themselves up by that he means a certain Weasley who is in his current new team. "So Zabini's your date huh?" A glasses-wearing raven-haired man in a black tux commented as he approached Draco. "Shut up Potter. I don't really wanna deal with anyone right now. " Draco hissed, "Specially, girls." "Ah. Still not over with Astoria, eh?" Harry mentioned as he offered a plate of various finger foods he took from the buffet table to Draco. Shaking his head for the offer and feeling a bit more irritated by the comment, Draco cautioned the man "Dammit, one more word, Harry, and I'm gonna have to find a new partner, cause my old one's about to be dead." Harry laid the plate down the table and sat a chair away from Draco, "Sheesh relax, I was joking," he said while raising his hands as a sign of peace. Searching around, they scrutinized the man who's their topic beforehand, "Would you look at that, Zabini's getting all the ladies" he noted as the said man whispered something to the girls in the bar that made them giggled. "Hn. Figures." Draco, suddenly feeling hungry, took a small deviled egg from the plate Harry brought and popped it in his mouth. "As much as I appreciate company now. I must say that some people in this room are starting to consider us as gay." He remarked as he observed some people murmuring at them, "And I know that I've got heavenly looks but sorry Potter I don't swing your way." Both of them knew what the news say, both are unhappy. But you can't blame two bachelors who suddenly became close are being paired, particularly when one of them just got off form a break-up due to an unknown agenda. The people need their gossip. Harry made a face of disgust at the the remark, "I wouldn't want to be caught up with you too Malfoy, but my date kinda left me too, and I don't want to be hounded by the press about our experience in capturing one of the most wanted witches, which I recall is your elusive bat-shit crazy aunt." "You're really pathetic Potter." He sneered but nodded in agreement nonetheless. Taking a notice at Harry's current isolation, he asked "So where is this your date?" "I don't know. She disappeared after hearing that Weiler Bagshot is in this party." Harry shrugged as he searched around. "Really? Bagshot? Your girl left you for an old man who's loosely related to the author of Hogwarts: A History?" he laughed. "That is just too sad. She either must be a bookworm and a total nerd or just really bored of you to look for someone else to talk to", he guessed. "So you didn't bring the Weaselette?" "Watch it, Draco. We're friends, but I won't tolerate you insulting Ginny and Hermione," Harry frowned, ignoring the insult meant for him. "And no, she's in try-outs for the Holyhead Harpies." "Hn." Draco ignored the mild threat coming from his co-worker. ' Hermione? Never heard of that one before. ' Snapping out of his thoughts, he saw one particular blond woman dressed in a green garb. "Would you look at that, our favorite news reporter Skeeter's making her way in here." "Merlin, that woman never gives up." Harry complained as he straightened on his chair, ready to make a run for it. "Yeah, well, see you later Potter." Draco suddenly stood up and started to walk the opposite direction of the approaching woman. Smirking, he added, "Don't want the press thinking us as friends when we've only been in one case together." "Bloody hell Malfoy! Come back here." Harry shouted as he tried to go after him but was blocked by the newsreporter. Walking through the crowd, he decided to make his way towards the buffet table for some wine. Dodging some more reporters and ignoring a lot of women trying to flirt with him, he reached his destination. Taking a glass that a waiter has just filled, he turned around. Only to crash to somebody. "Oops. I'm sorry." A soft voice said. Taking a look at his clothes, finding no stains on his shirt. He raised his eyes to the person who bumped him to reprimand the said person when–. ' Bollocks ' Standing in front of him is a goddess. The most beautiful woman he has ever seen in his entire life, and believe him he had his fair share of models and actresses, muggle or witch. Honey-colored brown eyes, thick and long eyelashes, small dainty nose, red ample lips and a cute blush on her cheeks. She was wearing a sleeveless pink intricate ball gown with a matching pink choker. Her hair, brown sleek and shiny, was raised in a bun with a few strands of curled framing her face. He stammered, "I-it's quite alright," he blushed as he looked away from the lady in front of him. The lady then laughed as his awkwardness and he blushed some more. Deciding to stop the teasing, she then said her farewells and apologized again for the incident and then walked away. Getting out of his stupor, he realized that he was then left alone. Bringing the glass he was previously holding, down he looked for the pretty lady. Seeing her not far away from him, standing beside a pillar alone by the walls of the room, he went to her. Fixing a bit his tie and running a hand through his hair as if to check if his hair is all good, he approached the lady, "Wanna dance?", he asked. Noticing him standing beside her, she declined. "I'm sorry but I don't