Hello everyone. I'm Bunny Girl Nox and I've decided to make my very first Harry Potter fan fiction. I have watched all the movies, but unfortunately, I failed to read any of JK's books. Please forgive me if I'm inconsistent in some areas (Feel free to point them out too so I can fix them). I have read a lot of HP stories on this site and I can only hope that's enough to make an entertaining story. Admittedly, I know very little spells and potions. If anyone is willing to assist, please leave me a review thanks. Also, I want to thank a friend for giving me this idea to use. The story is dedicated to her. Now to the story itself, the concept has been done a million times. At first, I did want to start making a cliché 'Harry is sentenced to Azkaban for doing whatever' story, where Harry is innocent and a lot of Weasley bashing, Ministry bashing and Dumbledore bashing would ensue. But my friend's idea took me by surprise, and it was really an interesting twist to the age old tale of a super powered Harry Potter betrayal fan fiction story. I do not like Ron (in fact, I hate his character), but I feel like I could use that dislike to my advantage without feeling like a bitch. If you're still wondering, this story WILL have bashing of some characters (I know it's overused, but it has a twist to it). Harry will be strong in this fic as well (I just LOVE a strong Harry) but will not be overpowering or evil. If at all there are still some things you need clarified, please feel free to let me know. XXXXXXXX Time changes everyone. In a small apartment building, a boy woke up to the ringing of his alarm clock. He got out of bed, looked around at his shoddy surrounding, and began to prepare for the day. It was routine for Harry. In a sense, he always felt on edge ever since the 'incident' a few years ago, where he had been convicted of killing six witches. He hadn't known how to react. One moment, the headmaster praised his efforts in defeating the Basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets, saving Ginny Weasley's life in the process. The next thing he knew - the next week in fact - he was being charged with murder by the Ministry of Magic. Of course, he and everyone who knew him were shocked when Aurorers came into school grounds and demanded his cooperation or swift termination. Dumbledore had been surprised himself, asking questions to the man in charge of the group. Harry would never forget the disappointing gaze from his then headmaster for as long as he lived. He let them drag him away from Hogwarts; it wasn't in his nature to fight authority anyway. He was to be put on trial. The Ministry were not taking any chances of even giving him a probationary period. Even if he pleaded innocent countless times, he was locked in a jail cell that was specifically design to keep him in. Before the trial even began, Ron, Hermione and the Weasleys were on his side. They constantly visited the cell he was locked in, conversing heartedly with him. Harry knew they were worried, and their constant visits were a means to keep him calm and let him know that he still had people who believed he was innocent. On the day of the trial, everyone was prepared for what would transpire. News reporters flocked the outskirts of the ministry chambers, desperate to be the first to get a scoop of The-Boy-Who-Lived paying for crimes that were unforgivable. Many were sceptical though. Some knew of Harry's character. It seemed very hard to picture the kind boy to be a blood-thirsty murderer of six witches. Scepticism intensified when the trial began. The prosecutor made a show of labelling Harry as a master of deception, visaging himself as an innocent boy but being truly a heartless tyrant. The Weasleys made their disagreements known, shouting curses at the prosecutor for even insinuating that Harry was evil. Minister Fudge had to, on more than one occasion, call for order. Evidence of the incident, via video, was provided. Most in the courtroom could only look on in horror as they watched a twelve-year-old Harry cast the killing curse on six girls in a unknown location, who were running for their lives but died in the end. Harry was shocked himself. He couldn't believe it. The person in the video certainly had his looks, but the evil smile heavily contrasted to his timid demeanour. Some in the Ministry were far from convinced, and Dumbledore pointed out that the person in the video could easily have been an imposter. He elected to put Harry under the veritaserum, ensuring that the truth would be told at any interval. The ministry agreed, and Harry found himself taking sips of water, with an added dosage of something odd. He was put on the spot. He could feel himself losing touch with reality. He was asked a few innocent questions by the prosecutor to confirm that the serum was taking affect. Once he fell under the truth drug completely, the prosecutor immediately began with the intended inquiries. "Mr. Potter, were you at the location that the video indicates at the time of the murders?" "... Yes." It was as if time stopped. There were gasp all around the courtroom. Even Dumbledore could not keep his shock in check as he heard Harry's confession. "Okay," the prosecutor continued, "Did you murder the six girls?" "Yes." Harry said dispassionately. Most couldn't discern what they were hearing. The people who knew Harry personally were left speechless by his words. Molly Weasley had already fainted. Arthur gulped air like a fish in the desert as he held his wife. Ginny...poor Ginny, she couldn't stop herself from sobbing. "T-This...This can't be right!" Ron sputtered, surprising the courtroom. The prosecutor wasn't obligated to talk to people not involved in the case, but seeing an opportunity, he decided to. "After the video footage we witnessed and Mr. Potter's word-of-mouth, you still choose to question our evidence?" Put on the spot, Ron was flustered, but he spoke out anyway. "I know Harry! He saved my sister's life. There has to be a mistake somewhere!" "Mr Weasley," Minister Fudge began, shaking his head, "I do apologise for this, my dear boy, but evidence is clear and Harry's confession solidifies his involvement in the case." "Was anyone with him on this day, December the fifth?" The prosecutor questioned, directing his gaze to the uncomfortable and torn Weasley family. "He was supposed to be at the Dursleys, his caretakers, if you could call it that," Arthur begrudgingly supplied. "I see." The prosecutor directed his gaze to a young Potter, who was still under the influence of the truth serum, "Were you at the Dursley residence on December fifth?" "... In the beginning, but I used their neglect and snuck out of the house." "Where did you go to?" "The park, underground sewers." "Who took this video? It seems to be done by a muggle phone." The prosecutor noticed. "A servant of Voldemort. I don't know his name." The gasps and flinches were more prominent. "Servant of Voldemort?!" Fudge babbled, flinching himself. "Why would there still be anyone who supports a man who has been long since dead?" "Because Voldemort is alive and I've joined him." Dead silence. After gathering himself, Minister Fudge analysed what he just heard. Since Harry was under a truth drug, everything he was speaking must have been the truth. Which brought on huge problems for the wizarding world. The Minister knew he could not denounce Harry's claim of Voldemort existing, because that would denounce Harry's confession to murder as well. But, something still didn't seem right. "Did you see Voldemort at any given time?" Fudge asked. "No, I was told that he has returned." Harry admitted. "You bastard!" Ron spat, livid with what he was hearing. "How could you do this to us?! We've been there for you all this time!" "Because I could," Harry nonchalantly stated. "Calm yourself, Mr Weasley," Fudge said. He directed his gaze back to Harry and decided to continue with the important subject. "How are you certain that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has returned if you've never seen him?" "He communicated with me." "How?" "I don't know." "That is not an answer, Potter!" Professor McGonagall, who had had enough of Harry's betrayal, said spitefully. People in the courtroom were still processing everything. Dumbledore had been trying to see if there was a way to salvage the situation and perhaps get Harry a lighter sentence, one which didn't involve Azkaban. But it was hopeless. The boy would have to pay, and the fight against the Dark Arts would be crippled if not finished. It saddened the old wizard, but Harry needed to face justice. "It's fine," Fudge said, already figuring out what Harry must have been getting at. "You must have been tricked, Mr. Potter, by someone who was posing as the Dark Lord." "..." "There is no choice in the matter then. For the murdering of six innocent witches, You are hereby sentenced to life in Azkaban. May Merlin save your soul." "You're dead to me, you hear me, Potter?!" Ron snarled. "Rot on hell, you bloody monster!" The aurorers hauled him away. In his trance like state, Harry barely noticed Ron's hate-filled glare and Hermione's heartbroken sobs. The rest of the Weasley family were silent. Ginny's eyes frantically searched his, silently begging to know why he would do this to them. Harry could note desperation and denial in her gaze. However, the rest of the Weasleys were not so confused. They had disappointed and angered looks, although Fred and George seemed to be still in a state of bewilderment. Harry tried to move his lips. He tried to mouth out that he was innocent, that the truth serum was a lie, a farce; he tried to tell them it wasn't him talking. But nothing came. His body was numb as he was taken away. From then on, he spent one years in Azkaban, enduring Dementors and their nightmarish abilities. It was hell on Earth for him, and he found himself on more than one occasion thinking of death as a reprieve from the emotional trauma. His friends had turned their backs on him. Dumbledore visited a few times, but it wasn't for reassurance. "We're all disappointed in you, Harry. You betrayed everyone around you for such petty reasons," Dumbledore once said. Harry told him that he didn't kill the witches, that it was all lies, but that seemed to make things worse. "Lying won't help you now, I'm afraid. The Weasley family are quite upset with you, provided it is justified. How could you, Harry? You had such promise." That's when Harry realised something important. Dumbledore didn't care about his reasons. In fact, now that Harry thought about, Dumbledore was more upset that he lost him as a weapon against Voldemort more than anything else. It staggered Harry, to think that he didn't even matter as a person anymore. Did he ever? From then on, Harry knew that most thought of him as a tool. The moment he supposedly slipped up, they betrayed him without a second thought. He spent his year in Azkaban trying to figure out who framed him for the murders, and how did that person control him to say the things he said? It wasn't easy keeping sane, thanks to the Dementors, it was damn near impossible, but he remained strong. Then that day came. He was in his cell, trying not to think too much on how slender his frame had become, when someone visited him. "Hello, Harry," the voice had said. Harry looked up, only to see a man with a rat face on the other side of