Seasons of change It was such a small, random thought that Harry voiced one cold December morning, not knowing what changes it was going to bring. "Do you know how to send Christmas presents from Hogwarts?" he asked his two best friends hesitantly. He had been reluctant to ask them, as they would be the main recipients, of course, but as always, they were the first people he could think to ask for help. It was a Saturday morning in Harry's first year, early in December, and the three friends were walking back to their Common Room after breakfast. The question brought Harry's friends up short, and they looked at him quizzically. "By owl, I'd guess," said Ron, without giving it much thought. "No, that's not what I mean. How would I buy the presents in the first place?" "Well..." began Hermione, but then she trailed off. She looked at Ron, and then they both shrugged. "I guess you can't really, if you're staying at Hogwarts," said Ron. Harry looked down and nodded. "It doesn't matter, though, does it?" asked Ron a bit uncomfortably, who himself had already written home to ask is mother for presents for Harry. "Everyone knows you're staying here, so no one will expect you to get them anything." He made sure to include himself and Hermione with a vague hand wave. The girl next to him, nodded energetically in agreement. "Yeah..." said Harry. "It's just... This is the first time I've money of my own, and can actually give people presents. I just wish..." He trailed off. Silence fell following his words. "I know!" Ron said after a while. "We could ask some other students-" "Don't be silly, Ron," interrupted Hermione. "You can't just randomly ask people such a thing. It makes them think of presents, and whether they're going to get any themselves this year. And if they're not, they'll only be reminded of that, and be disappointed..." As Hermione was explaining this, they suddenly noticed Neville step up behind them. He blushed. "Sorry, guys, I forgot the password again." He pointed at the portrait hole in front of them. "Could you help me out?" "It's 'blizzard'," Hermione answered promptly, and then all three friends sent Neville speculative looks, wondering if he had overheard what they had been talking about. "Er... ah..." He blushed even more. "I'm not sure, either," he answered their unvoiced question, confirming that he had heard at least part of their conversation. "The only one who's ever sent me presents is my Great Uncle Algie, and he usually sends money, because he says he never knows what to get me." Seeing Harry frown, he ducked his head. "Well, if toads are his idea of a good present, that might not be so bad," joked Ron. Neville blushed even more. "Trevor's not so bad, really." "Yeah, you can play hide and seek when he gets lost. Scabbers, on the other hand..." Ron looked at the lump in his robe pocket, where his rat lay sleeping. "Pathetic." Neville smiled, eager to be included. "Oh! I thought of something. A couple years back, Gran twisted her ankle, and couldn't go to Diagon Alley for Christmas shopping. So she had a Christmas catalogue delivered, and then ordered all her presents by owl post." "Awesome!" Harry could not believe it was that simple. "So, how do you get this catalogue?" At this, though, Neville drew a blank. "Sorry, I don't know." Ron was quick to point out to Hermione that his idea of asking around had merit after all. She scrunched up her face, not liking to be outdone. One thing the boys had learned in the month they had been friends with her was that she always liked to know the right answers. "Maybe we could ask a prefect," Hermione suggested the next morning, once they had reached the the Great Hall. She had to explain to the boys what she was talking about first, and Harry had to wonder whether she had been thinking about it the whole time. "Yeah," agreed Ron. "Let's ask Percy. That's the sort of useless trivia he'd know." When they saw the older Weasley boy walk into the Great Hall a few minutes later, Ron jumped up from his seat, and hurried over to reach him first. That was his brother, after all. No reason why Hermione should outdo him on this. Percy was talking to one of the female Ravenclaw prefects when he saw his youngest brother rush over to him, his two constant companions of late not far behind. "Excuse me, please. There seems to be some problem I'm supposed to deal with," he told his companion. Ron did not wait for her to reply, and started bombarding Percy with his questions as soon as he reached him. It took the older Weasley boy a while to understand the confusing rambling of his younger brother, who was soon joined by two other voices, neither of which seemed to clarify things. The bushy-haired girl was constantly trying to shut the boys up and start from the beginning, but they were not letting her. Harry Potter, who seemed to be the centre of the problem somehow, was trying to apologise and dismiss the question altogether, and none of it was helping. Flushed and confused, and by no means wanting to be embarrassed in front of his companion, Percy did his best to understand, and when he finally did, and realised he did not know the answer to their question, he did the only thing he knew to help: he turned towards Professor McGonagall, who was conveniently close by, about to join the other Professors at the High Table for breakfast. "Professor," he asked, "would you have a moment?" Harry, awfully embarrassed now about how far his question was taken, tried even more to interrupt, but once again, it was no use. Percy, with some help from Hermione, explained to McGonagall that Harry wanted to order a Christmas catalogue so he could buy Christmas presents from school. The usually strict professor's eyes softened at hearing this. "Oh, Mr Potter, what a lovely idea. It's very simple, actually. You need to write to one of the post offices – the one in Hogsmeade should be the easiest, I think – and they'll send it to you. You can even pay by mail. If you fill in a subscription form, they can take the money directly from your vault." "Professor, how does it work?" That was Hermione, asking the questions Harry wanted to know the answers to. "I mean, does the catalogue belong to a shop? Or can you only buy the items in the catalogue by mail? And what if we wanted to buy something from another shop-" "No, no, Miss Granger. The catalogue lists items from many different shops – the most popular ones are all in there. It wouldn't be very convenient otherwise, would it? Most shops listed are from Diagon Alley, but there's a few others as well, a couple from Hogsmeade, even. "They bring out several catalogues over the year, I think, though the Christmas one is probably the most popular. But if you wanted to, you could do all your shopping by owl post – over the summer, when you're back in the muggle world, for example." They thanked their teacher before returning to their breakfast, Hermione all the while going over the intriguing new possibilities. Harry could just imagine how an annual catalogue subscription from the magical world would go over with his relatives, so he was not much interested in that, but he resolved to send Hedwig to Hogsmeade for the Christmas catalogue immediately after breakfast. It took a few days of writing back and forth, and filling in order forms, but less than a week later, just before the first major snowfall hit Hogwarts, Hedwig delivered the catalogue with the morning post during breakfast. Harry refrained from opening the package in front of everyone, still remembering the reaction to his broom delivery earlier that year. He had planned to open it after retiring for the night, in the privacy of his dorm room. Presents were supposed to be a surprise, after all. It would not do to pick them out in front of an audience. His friends had other ideas, however. They wanted to have a look as well, and persuaded Harry to open the package in the common room. Harry did not see the point in that. He wanted to pick out presents for his two best friends, after all, and he could hardly do that with the two of them present. At least, he could get an idea what they liked, he thought resignedly. The catalogue itself was a rather thick volume with big, moving illustrations inside, they discovered with some awe. "Oh, look, you can move them any way you like," said Hermione while jabbing one of the colourful illustrations with her wand. The image of a book that had drawn Hermione's attention really was moving as her wand movement directed. "Try zooming in," said Harry, but then tried it himself. That worked too. "This book is really cool," he concluded. Hermione nodded in agreement, while Ron seemed a little less enthusiastic, a little less impressed by another display of magic, which was not as unusual to him as it was to his friends. Other people around them got interested as well, and came over to have a quick look, make some comments, or ask about it. Harry remembered to thank Neville, when the boy noticed the catalogue and smiled at him. Neville waved off the thanks embarrassedly, but clearly looked pleased. They had a thorough look through the catalogue. Harry was impressed to discover items from a shop called Quality Quidditch Supplies and found himself tempted to do some shopping for himself as well. There were many more interesting things to discover. All sorts of sweets were listed – some he had tried on the Hogwarts express, and some he had never even heard of. There were also items from a rather intriguing shop called Zonko's Joke Shop, which was apparently found in Hogsmeade. Hermione also found herself drawn to the lengthy list of books and stationery. All in all, the catalogue kept them entertained for quite some time. "So, have you made a list yet?" asked Hermione as they were getting ready to leave. "A list?" "Of the people you want to give presents to." Harry gave her a telling look. She blushed. "I meant other than us," she mumbled, then went on in a pedantic tone to cover up her embarrassment. "You need to write everyone's names down in a list. Then you can write down ideas for presents as they come, and when you've bought their present, you can cross them out of your list." That seemed rather a lot of effort, when Harry really only planned to buy presents for two people. "Blimey, Hermione, how many people did you have in mind?" Ron asked the question Harry had been thinking about. "Well, I don't know. But with all the friends he's got, and his relatives-" "Wait a second. I don't have many friends. And I'm definitely not getting anything for my relatives." Hermione looked at him like he had grown a second head. "Hermione, what do you mean, he's got many friends – who are you talking about?" That was Ron, distracting Hermione from asking uncomfortable questions about his relatives, much to Harry's relief. "Well, I don't know. But famous as he is, everyone seems to want to-" "Those people don't count," interrupted Harry. "Oh, I don't know," backtracked Hermione, "it's your list, isn't it? You should know who's on it and who isn't." "Who's on your list, then?" asked Ron, less bothered than Harry about asking direct questions. "Apart from you two," she almost swallowed the words, "there's my parents," she went on more evenly. "There's some other relatives, as well, but my