A/N: I have no beta for this story, so apologies in advance as it might be a bit rough. Leave a review if you like. Thanks for reading. Disclaimer: like you don't already know. "Bella, honey, I'm going to miss you so much." Bella hugged her mother and turned around to board her plane. How she wished she could say those words back to her mother. The reality was, Bella Swan had had enough of her mother. Harsh when put that way but there was no other way to say it. From the moment her parents separated and Renee dragged Bella to Arizona with her, Bella had been the mother in their relationship. It was Bella who had to remind Renee to pay the for bills and eventually she was the one paying for them. It was Bella who had to grocery shop and cook because only the Lord knew how bare their fridge would go if she didn't. It was Bella who had wanted nothing more than to have a present mother but instead she was given a child. Bella did not hate her mother. She loved her. But enough was enough. Phil made Renee better and for that, Bella would always be grateful. It seemed as though Bella was a constant reminder of her failed life with Charlie. Between Phil's baseball training and games, Renee was even less present in her life than usual. Bella swore to herself that once she graduated, she would go to Forks to live with her father and attend college there. Her father was surprised to say the least when she proposed the idea to him. "Uh, are you sure about that Bells?" That was his response. She understood his lack of excitement, it wasn't like they were ever close. She visited him most summers in rainy, wet Forks and that was that. Charlie knew that Renee was irresponsible but he did not know how far deep it ran. Bella sat in her seat, contemplating many things about her life. She was ready to move on and start her new life. She'd missed out on a lot of things while growing up, too busy trying to fill in the shoes made for her parents to wear. School was her outlet and leaving Renee to pursue a higher education was the most selfish thing she had ever done. "You look good, Bells." "Dad, you say that every summer I see you," she replied, with a soft smile lingering on her face. He was as she always remembered him. Charlie was a man of little words and that was something Bella appreciated because that meant he never hovered. Her room was as she left it the last time she was in Forks. "I uh, changed the comforter and sheets for you. Didn't want to change anything else," he mumbled while scratching his head. "Thanks dad. I appreciate it." He left her to get settled in. She unpacked a bit and then fell victim to jetlag. Bella woke up the sounds of a wolf howling. Weird. Then again, they did live super close to the woods. Hopping into the shower, she allowed for the warm water to beat down on her. So much would change. How would life be in Forks? Not wanting to do anymore thinking, Bella left the shower, got changed and made her way down the stairs. "Let's go! C'mon you've gotta be kidding me!" Of course, he was watching the game. That made Bella smile. "Hey da—," she cut her sentence short as she realized who else was there with him. Billy and Jacob Black. Jacob Black had changed. He had really changed. Sitting on the lone, one-person couch, his frame seemed to take over the entire thing. "Jake, your hair!" The whole room of three men erupted with laughter. He stood up. Impossible. She was just here last summer and she could've sworn he was just as tall as her. This was no growth spurt, it was as if he had doubled in size. Approaching her with open arms he said, "I haven't seen you since when again and all you miss is my hair? I'm wounded." His arms engulfed her. God, he was hot. "You're hot." His face shot up a smirk. "No, you're hot, like you're really hot. I mean temperature wise, hot," she stumbled on her words. Her soft, creamy face started flaming as the blush of embarrassment started to paint her cheeks. "Just messing with you, Bells. I missed you." It was no secret that Jacob Black always had a crush on Bella Swan. No secret to everyone but her. When she would leave after the summer, they would occasionally keep in touch. Looking at her now, Jacob wished nothing more than to have imprinted on her. He knew that she wasn't his as soon their eyes locked and the world did not shift. "I missed you too, Jake. Of course, you too Billy!" Moving from Jacob's side, Bella went over to lean down and hug Billy. "It's good to have you back, Bella. For good. Old Sawn here wouldn't shut up about how you were coming down and that you were staying." That granted Billy an elbow from her flushed father. Bella's heart jumped after hearing those words but she said or did nothing in return, other than just smile. "Have you guys eaten? I could make some dinner," she offered. "Oh, Bells you don't have to do that," Charlie protested. However, Bella was having none of that. She loved to cook. Growing up with her mother, Bella cooked all the time and she actually enjoyed it. More importantly, she was really good at it. "Jake, help me?" Her father and Billy chuckled upon hearing her words. Nonetheless, Jacob Black followed right behind her. As Bella cooked and Jake watched, they caught up on time lost. It was as if Bella had never left. "So, you leave Arizona and come here to go to University of Washington. I'm proud of you, Bells. Never imagined you'd be living here permanently." She sighed. Indeed, no one imagined that she would ever leave Arizona. Ruminating on Jake's word, she realized how imperative it was that she left. She would've been trapped there and would have forever been a caretaker for her grown mother. "Yeah, me too. And you, huh? Look at you. I mean, you cut your hair and doubled in size. How does that even happen?" she pressed. There was something quite different about him that she couldn't put her finger on. It wasn't just his body or his hair. Deep in his eyes, it was as though there was something a bit feral in there. Huh. "Growth spurts and working out," he dismissed quickly. She let it go and it probably was nothing. Bella had always had a problem of being too observant. Her teachers would always be on her case about that. The oven beeped, letting her know that her lasagna was ready. She turned it off and opened the oven just a bit to let it slowly start to cool down. She began chopping the lettuce for her salad and realized she needed a bowl. Opening the cabinet, she faced the harsh reality of her short stature. That didn't stop her from trying though. Jacob watched with a smile on his face. He watched her small feet move up, as her arms tried to stretch to limits they weren't made for. God, she was cute. Standing up, he moved to stand right behind her. Feeling his warm body behind her, Bella turned around and ducked around him before he could box her in. Her face was flushed. After all, Bella Swan and boys were never a thing. Jake easily stretched his long, tan, and muscular arm to grab the bowl for her. His shirt rode up his bicep, revealing what seemed to be a… tattoo? "You got a tattoo?!" What else was different about him? Actually no, she should be asking, what was the same about Jacob Black? Setting the bowl down, Jake turned to face her. "Uh yeah, lots of guys on the reservation have it. It's a traditional thing." Right. It didn't take a genius to know that a secret was lingering in those answers. "Mhagodbwlatisissogoood," Jake mumbled with a mouth full of lasagna. The rest of the men seemed to agree as they nodded their head in union, too focused on their food to even make a comment. It made her heart happy. Men. She wondered what Charlie ate on a daily basis. With Billy, Charlie, and herself completely stuffed, Jake seemed like he was nowhere near done. Where did the boy put it all? When they were all done, Bella and Jake began to clear the table. They washed the dishes in a comfortable silence. Bellies stuffed and hearts happy, Jake and Billy decided it was time to leave. "I'll walk you out, let me just grab a sweater," she said, running up the stairs to put on something warmer since it was a bit chilly outside. They were already outside by the time she was back in the living room. The front door was cracked open and she heard Billy say, "She's observant, Charlie." It wasn't said in a complimentary way though. It was dark and almost like he wished she wasn't. Weird. Opening the door further, she walked over to them. "Bells, we need to hang out some more. Call me, ok?" She nodded and gave Jake a sweet hug. Untangling herself from him, she leaned to do the same with Billy. "I'm happy to see you back, Bella. Get settled well." With that, the father son duo left the Swan residence. Charlie put an arm around Bella and walked her back inside. It was a somewhat intimate moment and Bella was starting to feel more at home than she ever did when she was back in Arizona. Weeks passed with Bella and Jake hanging out here and there. He would come over and she would cook and they'd talk or watch a movie. She really did miss having someone like him. Her phone rang and as usual, it was Jake. He wanted her to come down to the reservation and attend a bonfire. "Are you sure, Jake? I don't want to intrude." "Bells, you used to always come as a kid. Nothing's changed. It starts at 7 and I will see you there." "I—," the line went dead. And so, Bella was going to a bonfire. Before she could even think about that though, she had to go down to the University of Washington to finish up some paperwork and make sure everything was ready. The college was about a thirty-minute drive from her home. Bella hopped into the truck that Charlie had gotten her and made her way to her school. The school was lovely and she could not wait until the fall so that school would be in session. She was such a nerd, sometimes it made her sick. With her paperwork all in order and classes all chosen, Bella walked back to her car and got settled in. She put her keys in the ignition only to find that it wouldn't start. After several tries and a mini-heart attack, she heard her truck's usual roar and began to drive. Twilight was approaching as Bella continued to drive up the main road. Out of nowhere, her truck made some unusual noise and all together, stopped running. "No, no, no, no! You've gotta be kidding me." As independent as Bella Swan was, she knew not one thing when it came to cars. Nada. "Just my luck, stupid car," she slapped her steering wheel. She called her dad and he didn't answer. Granted, he was at work. She wanted to call Jake but then again, she didn't want to bother him. It was either call him or be stuck out here until God knows how long. Angrily, she