A/N This is the first chapter of my second story The Benefits. It will be a dark Harry story, but he will not be evil or side with Voldemort. The pairing will be Harry/Daphne. At first we're going to see a very canon-esque Harry (depressed, pushes people away, etc…) But as the story progresses he and some of the other characters will come into their own. I won't be putting any more chapters up for this story until I finish Darkness Falls Upon Us, but I am looking for all the feedback I can get on this story idea. This is also my first attempt at a first person perspective in almost 7 years, so sorry if some of the grammar and syntax is wrong. I'll do my best to clean it up in the later chapters. (Also as a side note I'm still deployed, but I was able to get access to a computer with internet and post these chapters up. Darkness Falls will be continued in 2 months or so. Cheers to all my readers!) I didn't know where I was going to go, but anywhere away from the accusing and disbelieving eyes was good enough for me. The halls seemed to be a blur as I moved quickly down one after another attempting to find myself so lost that no one would be able to find me. The staircases seemed to be in a good mood as they shifted each and every time I approached one. If anyone even cared enough to try and look for me they would never be able to catch up. I kept up my wandering for another fifteen minutes or so before finally coming to a halt in front of an old wooden door. It wasn't the normal type of classroom door I had become so accustomed to seeing. This one was more decorated; it had a faded silver trim and worn away carvings on the door. Even the handle was more decorated than the usual metal rung that hung on the other doors. If I had to take a guess I would say I had come across an old professor's office. At the moment I didn't really care if it had been an out of service loo though. I just needed a place to let my frustrations run free. I tried to pull the door open, but found it to be locked. I slipped my wand out of my pocket and brought it around in front of me to aim at the door. I whispered a quick alohomora and was satisfied when I heard the tell-tale sound of a locking mechanism click. I pulled the door open this time meeting no resistance. I turned to make sure to close the door quietly and secure the door again, but stopped when I felt the tip of a wand press into the nape of my neck. It was strange; normally if I was in any danger the hairs on the back of my neck would stand up and alert me. Or at the very least it gave me a better chance at survival. It was like my sixth sense I suppose. This time however I had been let down and now stood an easy target of whoever was behind me. Strangely this didn't bother me though. I only hoped that whatever they chose to do to me would end my existence. It was what I deserved after all; I had cost Cedric his life so it was only fair that I lose mine as well. I was momentarily shocked when my captor finally spoke. It wasn't the rough voice of a man as I had expected, but rather a more soft melodious voice that was clearly female. "Slowly, very slowly I want you to replace the locking charm that was on the door and then pocket your wand. If you try to do anything more I will cleave your head from your shoulders. Nod once if you understand this." She said to me and I found myself tempted to disobey, but involuntarily I found my head nodding in the affirmative. Cautiously I raised my wand from my side and with a quick flick of my wand the door was once again locked. It was an odd thought that ran through my mind then; it was like I was sealing my own grave. My hand fell back to my side and my wand found itself once again resting in my pocket. For a few moments I stood still waiting for my next command. Nothing came and I thought about turning around only to have the wand press more firmly into me when I started to rotate. "Don't turn around. I'm trying to decide what to do with you." This was a small comfort to me because at least my fate hadn't been decided yet. Maybe if I could keep her talking I would be able to convince her to spare me. Hesitantly I began to speak making sure to choose my words carefully. "I could just leave now. I haven't seen your face and honestly nothing has been done. I was merely looking for an abandoned place. If I had known you were in here then I would never have opened the door." After a pause which felt like an hour, but in reality was probably only a minute I heard my captor sigh and felt the wand drop from my neck. I took this as a sign that it was okay to turn around. This time as I began to rotate I found nothing to stop me. By the time I was finally facing into the room to get my first look the other occupant of the room had already moved to the other side and was sitting on a red sofa. I got my first good look at the girl when I took a few more steps into the room, my hand buried in my pocket grasping my wand just in case she changed her mind. I didn't recognize her, but that didn't surprise me. After Ron and Hermione has abandoned me during the tournament I began to realize just how sheltered I was at school. I had no friends outside of Gryffindor that I could think of, and that had bothered me. When I was younger and living with the Dursleys one of the few things I had craved had been friends. When I came to Hogwarts I had been given my first real chance to have as many as I wanted, yet I had let opportunities pass me by because I thought of people by their house. I had come to realize that not all Gryffindors were good kind hearted people. The experience with Pettigrew my previous year and just hours prior showed me that. So if not all Gryffindors possessed their house attributes then the same could be true for people from all houses I figured. I continued to observe the girl who just minutes prior had held me at wand point. I was looking for anything that might give me a clue as to who she was. The first thing I noticed about her was her jet black hair. It hung just a few inches past her shoulders and had a shine to it. She was wearing robes of a higher quality than the normal school robes, so she was either a pureblood or a half blood with wealthy parents. Currently she was barefoot, but her toes had been painted a dark shade of green so that could be a sign that she was a Slytherin. Normally I would have panicked right at that thought, but I had made up my mind to expand my circle of friends and this was probably the first and possibly the only chance I would get with a Slytherin in the foreseeable future. When I finally looked back up into her face it was to find a pair of bright blue eyes looking back at me. They stood to be a shocking contrast to the girl's otherwise dark features. I noticed the eyes appeared to be slightly glossy and her cheeks looked red and puffy. I had the distinct impression I had walked in on this mystery girl while she was crying and suddenly felt guilty. I hadn't set out to disturb anyone else's time alone. Only to find myself somewhere to go that I could relive the horrors of the past day by myself. Her voice drew me from my quiet observation. "Potter, if it isn't too much trouble for you maybe you could stop staring at me. It's kind of creepy and I get leered at enough." My previous melancholy thoughts about the tournament were momentarily forgotten as her accusation hit me. She thought I had been checking her out this whole time, and I mean it's not that she wasn't beautiful, but I hadn't meant to come across as a pervert. I opened my mouth to try and protest the accusations already knowing it was probably useless. "I wasn't leering at you. I was trying to find something I could use to recognize you by. I don't know very many people in this school it would seem and I'm at a loss as to who you are." I answered her honestly seeing as I hadn't been doing anything wrong. She seemed to ponder this before shrugging at me. "Whatever you say. Just don't do it again. As for the not knowing who I am, well how about we just keep it that way for now. Aren't you going to ask how I knew who you were?" This time I snorted at her. "Are you kidding me? I mean everyone knows the oh so famous Harry Potter! The boy-who-just-wouldn't-fucking-die!" I realized I might have gone overboard with the sarcasm and hyphenated name, but for the first time since I entered the room I saw the girl crack some semblance of a smile, but as quick as it was there it disappeared again. "If you're looking for a pity party Potter, you've come to the wrong spot. If you're just looking for a spot to wallow in your sorrow and self-pity then I suppose there is a nice dark corner over there you can have." She made some grand gesture towards the far side of the room where I found my eyes wandering to what was indeed a dark corner. This time it was me who couldn't help smiling slightly. It was the first time I had done so since I saw Cedric…I shook my head violently I didn't want to think about that right now. I decided to try and keep the mood light-hearted to help distract my thoughts. I gave a deep exaggerated bow before responding. "Oh you're so kind to me queen of the sorrow sofa. My own personal corner oh boy I just can't wait to test it out!" I turned my back towards her thinking that I had gotten the last comment in, but stopped in my tracks when her voice cut through the room again. "Damn right I'm the queen and don't you forget it Potter. Now hurry up and get to your corner peasant!" A full blown smile played across my face at that as I made a show of hurriedly scampering to the corner. Even though I couldn't see her face I suspected she was smiling just as large as I was. When I reached the corner I sat down against the wall and pulled my robes tight around me to fight off some of the chill from the cold stone. It was then that I remembered the special medicine I had brought with me. It was a present from Fred and George last year after a Quidditch win, but I had just never had an opportunity to use it. Now however I assumed this would be as good a time as any. I pulled the bottle of fire whiskey from my cloak