Bella is the boss at a journalism company, and she has a strict no-dating policy, period. Especially with people from the office. But when a new employee, the cocky and celebrity among the ladies, Edward Cullen, decides that Bella is what he wants, can she keep him away from her? No copyright infringement intended. All rights go to their respective owners. Chapter One 'Bella, are you ready yet?' Emmett Cullen called out to me from our living room. I knew he was getting impatient, but today was the first day back to the office. I had to look presentable. 'Almost, just finishing my makeup.' I called as I put the last layer of mascara on my lashes. I checked my hair in the mirror, and thought I looked okay. 'Yes, by all means, we're the bosses and we're late to meet the newbies. That'll give off a great impression.' Emmett and I we're best friends in college, and he was like a brother to me. Despite his annoying moments, most of the time we were buddy-buddy. We lived together after college because we both got job offers at the same time to the same company, and we couldn't afford a place of our own, so we bunked. He was my boss though, but we didn't talk about work at home. I was just under him in the ladder in the company hierarchy, because he got promoted last year. But I got promoted soon after, and I was convinced he had something to do with it. I really needed to get the next promotion coming up soon though, Emmett's girlfriend Rosalie would move in soon, maybe a couple of months, and I'd be expected to move out. I didn't want to tell Rosalie I didn't have the money to though, she would go crazy, and she already didn't like me, and I had no idea why. 'Ready.' I said as I walked out to meet him, dressed in his casual suit and me in my formal business clothes, trousers and a jacket. 'How do I look?' 'Perfect. Professional. Do you have the keys?' 'Thanks. And no. It's your car. Why would I have the keys?' Emmett sighed heavily. 'Shit. Where are the keys?' 'I'll help you look.' We searched around the apartment for the keys, which didn't take long since it's a small apartment. It was actually a pretty nice place when you cleaned it up, because Emmett was loaded from his parents. I could never afford the rent in Seattle on my own. That would have been impossible. My parents gave me enough money to get on my feet, but after that I was independent, and I liked it. 'Where are the shitting keys?!' Emmett yelled from his room as I looked in the kitchen, and Emmett was in a rage. 'Emmett, they're here next to the eyebrow tweezers. Do you have something you need to tell me?' I smiled at the doorman as we passed and exited into the drizzle of rain that was a customary expectation living in Seattle. I skipped towards the crosswalk and skitted across, whistling to hail a cab. After two minutes and no one pulled over, Emmett came out a wolf-whistled. A cab came running. We stepped into the building exactly two minutes before we had to be here. We stopped briefly at the front desk to check in. I quickly showed them my I.D. and ran off to Victoria's office where the new employee's would be waiting. Fifth floor. I hurried towards the elevator and stepped inside, already pushing the button, as Emmett dived in through the gap for dear life. As the elevator went up, I checked my phone. Five missed calls from Victoria. She would be pissed. I marked this date on my calendar on my phone, January 28th. Six months from now the promotion would be granted, and I needed to work hard and get it. I had the promotion on the brain. It was all I could think about. I was obsessed with getting the job. I love my job, and I wouldn't probably get a date until I was fired or retired. I was married to it. The elevator dinged and we ran out, into the hallway outside Victoria's corporate office. We could hear chatter so I straightened my clothes and walked inside, Emmett right behind me, holding my breath. Victoria glared at me for a fraction of a second as we had interrupted her talk to the new ones before she smiled and introduced us. About fifteen new employees sat on the long table and she stood up front with a PowerPoint playing. Emmett and I took seats behind her next to the other bosses, smiling at the employees who were staring at us. Emmett was a ladies man, and the majority of people staring where women. Before he met Rosalie, it was parties, drinking and women. Mainly women, and even now he's got a girlfriend, women still throw themselves at his feet. Women loved him. Men envied him. 'Okay, now that everyone's here, employees, managers, latecomers. ' She eyed me and Emmett before continuing. I blushed right down to the roots of my brown hair. Emmett held in a snort. 'I'll begin with the presentation. You have all been selected to work here at the Sutherland Journalism Incorporated. This job is highly competitive and selective, so I congratulate you on your achievement so far. This job is mainly a job where you will be selected to go watch different athletic games in other states and towns and report on them, where afterwards you will come back to the Seattle Office and will write a detailed and professional report. The best report at the end of each fortnight will be selected by me to enter into the Seattle Times.' Victoria finished, and people oohed and chatted, excited about the prospect of having their work entered into a newspaper that would be sold in some of the main cities in America. We had a corporate office in New York and the Seattle Times is distributed in the big apple. That was the promotion. To go work in NY. 'However, this year, some things are going to be different.' Different? I hadn't heard about this. I looked around the room at the other managers, bosses who would need to give approval before there was a change in the system. The others nodded and continued listening, even Emmett looked indifferent. No one told me about this. 'I have just received word that James, the head of the New York office is allowing us to take part in the Olympics that will happen this year. This is a huge offer and I trust that each of you will do your best.' What? 'Since the Seattle Times will need to cover every athletic event, for a special edition newspaper there will be too much work for everyone to do on their own. You will go in pairs, bosses to employees, and cover the event you are given in London in two months. Full access. The person who does the best issue will be promoted. Bosses and employees.' What? My head was spinning, everything felt dizzy and only Victoria's wild red hair and slim figure was all I could make out. 'Until the Olympics comes around, you will be paired with your bosses and will do a few articles on them to get used to each other's writing style and work ethic.' Okay. This seems reasonable. The Olympics is a huge event to cover and my partner and I will work hard. This seems doable. The world slowed down a bit. 'Now. Partners. Emmett – Eric Yorkie, Jessica – Angela Webber, Bella – Mike Newton…' I saw a boy who was waving at me enthusiastically. He had heavily gelled hair and bright blue eyes. He looks almost cute. I waved back. Dateable. 'Wait, sorry, Bella you're actually with Edward Cullen. Newton – you're with Dimitri…' The boy stopped waving and blushed, looking disappointed. I smiled at him encouragingly and scanned the room for my new partner. I detected someone looking toward my direction and saw a man. Not a boy like Newton, but an actual young man. He nodded toward me and I knew this was my partner. Cullen. It had a ring to it. I faintly remembered the name, but I had never seen this man before. When he nodded at me, I nodded back. He didn't seem enthusiastic, so I didn't show him any enthusiasm either. I'm his boss and he payed me respect. But would it kill him to give a wave? A hand flourish? A smile? To be polite? Victoria finished her presentation, and Cullen and the rest of them went to go and make room in our offices to work with us, since it would be more 'efficient.' Note the sarcasm. I cornered Victoria, and even though she was my boss we were usually on good terms. The other bosses started to leave. 'What the hell, Tori? You didn't even warn me! Now I have to work with a newbie who has no idea what they are doing, and the promotion is on the line in six months.' A few of the people looked at us, but quickly left with a look from Victoria. 'Chill out, Bells. I put you with Cullen because he's the best new one to come around in a while. I thought you would be thanking me, we're doing an edition on the Olympics! You get to go to London. Yes, it's a bit more competitive, but you'll do fine. You should be crying at my feet with joy.' 'But you didn't even tell me, a little warning would have been nice! Jesus, I am so freaked out right now.' 'Check your phone.' Victoria nodded towards my handbag that was abandoned on a chair in the conference room. 'What?' 'Check it.' I was scowling as I yanked my bag off the chair and dug around in my purse. I grabbed my phone and checked it. 'Five missed calls. Oh.' 'Yes. I tried to tell you. This will be a good opportunity Bella, if you do this well you will be able to go to any journalism company in America, even the world if you wanted it. I'll give you my recommendation. Just keep your head on. Instruct Cullen, teach him, and you too will do well. If you need someone to blame, blame Emmett. He didn't tell you, did he?' 'No, but we never talk about work at home. He must have assumed I knew.' She shrugged and headed towards the white door that led into the hallway that led off into our offices. My office. Cullen and I's office. I downed a shot glass from the minibar in the corner and looked out the window at the rainy Seattle. Victoria was right. This was huge. I needed to get over it and work hard. The shot gave me a bit of a buzz. I was never good at holding my liquor. I put the shot glass back on the minibar and walked out the door and found my office. I admired the plaque on the door. 'Swan's office.' I remember the day I got it no one would put it up for me so I had to nail it myself. It was slightly lopsided. I walked in and was slightly surprised to see Edward, was it? Standing up and putting things from a brown cardboard box on my desk. We would have to share it, so I would be at one end of the rectangular desk and he would be on the other. The bookcase was already fuller than I remembered it. He hadn't seen me, so I shut the door and took a step towards him, tripping on a box of books in the way. 'Argh.' I gasped as I fell. I wasn't drunk, I was just clumsy. My hands shot out