But I'm only human And I bleed when I fall down I'm only human And I crash and I break down The winter breeze made all my goose bumps stand and I couldn't help but rub my hands all over my arms to cause friction. The village was quieter than the usual today and you could only see people's shadows walking down the street along with you. I cursed myself for leaving work so late; the nighttime never left me at ease. I continued walking down the street trying to get myself to calm down but I couldn't. My head was swarming with thoughts and that's when I heard a thrash on my left side. I immediately pulled a knife out of my pocket (my mom gave me pepper spray but really mom? Those were practically useless) and walked towards where the noise was directed from. I heard low screams and things getting thrown around and I, out of all people, knew that throwing your nose in people's business was never the right thing to do but something just didn't allow me to move forward. Who would cause such chaos at nearly 7pm? The voices grew louder and I stayed put until I could manage what they were saying. 'All you do is talk about her and guess what? I'm tired of that. When will you decide to give me some attention?' She harshly spat at the man standing beside her. 'I told you I'm still not over her, I need time to... adjust.' The voice was muffled and low but I managed to get half of what he was saying. A heated argument at nearly 7pm. How common. 'Then why did you want to start this- this relationship when you don't even commit yourself to it?' 'Because I'm not ready!' His voice was finally clear and loud, but not as loud as the woman standing next to him. I gasped in my place and now my legs truly couldn't move. Peeta . My heart was beating rapidly and I knew that this was a bad idea after all, that snooping into other people's business was always wrong. I slowly walked backwards and stepped on a branch, making a loud crunching noise. 'Who's there?' The little woman with a loud voice asked, her voice grew closer and I cursed myself for being so dumb to walk like that as I ran. I heard the screams that were being directed at me but it was too dark for them to notice who I was. I slowed down once I arrived towards the visitors' village, our side of the city. Snow began to fall and I pulled my jacket closer to my chest, hoping heat would radiate to my body somehow as my mind began swarming with even more thoughts now. Peeta was back, and he apparently had a girlfriend? I furrowed my eyebrows in confusion and bit back a scream when I felt someone wrap their large hands on my mouth. Before I could bite the person and scream as loud as possible, I heard laughter coming from my behind and my stiff body relaxed. 'Gale! You terrified me.' I stated, slapping his hand away from me. He kept laughing and I just felt annoyed. 'Hey, I'm sorry. Don't get mad. I just saw you looking so terrified.' 'And what, you decided to terrify me even more?' He laughed at that and came closer to me, wrapping his arm around my shoulder. 'Just wanted to see whether you'll test that spray your mom got you. She handed me a pair as well.' 'You apparently want to get blinded then, Gale.' 'You're so tense, Catnip. Something happened at work?' He asked before stopping me and looking in my eyes. I just sighed and shook my head but he didn't seem convinced whatsoever. 'Just stressed with everything. I have that huge test coming up and with Prim's birthday, I'll need to work extra shifts to get her that new phone she wants.' I sighed and massaged my head. I hated thinking so much. He rubbed my shoulder affectionately before he leaned down and placed a chaste kiss on my now dry lips. 'I can work a couple shifts and you can buy her the phone.' 'No way Gale. I'm not using your money like that, not in a million years.' He chuckled and began walking again, guiding us towards my house. 'Even when you're practically homeless, scraping bugs away from my yard?' He teased and I half smiled at that. 'I can always get extra shifts. Plus, you never mentioned bees.' He roared in laughter, which echoed in the quiet neighborhood as we approached the house. xx. My palms were sweaty and all I wanted right now was for Gale to be siting right next to me, calming me down but unfortunately, he was two years older than I was and he finished his crap before I even knew what this was all about. I was never the type of person to get nervous, just scared. I tapped my foot numerously on the tile floor before I heard a very familiar voice. 'Katniss Everdeen, nervous?' He gasped and held his hands on each side of his cheek, looking like a shocked little kid. I smiled and shook my head. 'Of course not.' I confidently said as he approached the seat next to me and leaned on it, closing his eyes after a few seconds. He didn't change much; he still had platinum blonde hair that toned down a bit, looking way darker than the last time. They can't call him a Barbie girl anymore. 'I didn't know that you came back.' I finally spoke after a long minute of uncomfortable silence. This was nothing I was used to. 'Well I wasn't intending on returning this soon, either. Mom was shocked too but she was happy that she was getting extra help once again at the bakery.' His eyes fluttered open, revealing a chocolate brown colored eye, staring right at you. 'It's been three years, Peeta. I don't think this is what people call soon.' 'You know what my intentions were.' He dully stated and flicked me off, looking elsewhere. I sighed in my seat and I knew what was about to happen next. It always happened. 'And those weren't my intentions. You just... You understood everything wrong.' I stuttered, I was never too good with words and he, out of all people, was well aware of that. 'Really Katniss? What were your intentions then? Enlighten me.' His tone was thick with sarcasm and it made me flinch. He was never the type of person who used sarcasm too often. 'I-I don't know. But you were wrong about everything. Every single thing.' 'Like the fact that you were in love with Gale?' He snapped and I knew that we were standing on a thick thread. 'Peeta-' 'No no, don't try to stop me. In front of everyone, you kissed me and told me romantic crap and just- just made me fall in love with you. I was head over heels for you, Katniss and you did nothing but ruin me. When we were back home, you just ran to some other guy's embrace and he wasn't me. Not your star-crossed lover.' He was still mad about this and after three years, you'd expect him to get over it but that's not Peeta. I sighed and threw my head in my hands before pulling it back up and having eye contact with him. 'You knew that it was just for the show. I saved your life, Peeta.' I reminded him, watching him laugh with no humor whatsoever. 'I thought that you'd actually grow feelings for me. Oh how dumb was I. It was always Gale, wasn't it? A tall, strong man that worked in this huge office? You never liked some short, Barbie haired boy that worked at a bakery. I was naive and dumb thinking differently. And I didn't want my life to be saved, I just wanted you and that's something I never got.' His named got called and he stormed away, without saying a goodbye as the feelings hit me like a fast train. Did I really hurt him that bad that he decided to leave town because seeing my face caused too much misery? Were the rumors true? I covered my face as I bubbled in emotion, not knowing how to feel. Upset, disappointed, betrayed but the one that stuck the most was guilt. xx. 'I ran into Peeta today,' I declared as we ate dinner. I dipped my bread in the boiling hot soup as I noticed everyone's attention had moved to me and that's the last thing I needed. 'And?' My mom questioned, forgetting her food at the mention of his name. 'That's it. He's still mad about everything and he's probably going to hold it against me forever.' I sighed as I chewed on my bread, officially soft now. I heard Prim tsk and my attention moved to her. 'What is it?' 'Of course he's still mad, you threw his heart on the ground and basically rubbed him off and chewed him out.' Prim stated, not looking up from her plate. 'Prim!' My mom hissed. 'No mom, I want to hear what she has to say. Elaborate.' I dropped everything in hand and shifted my focus to my little sister. 'You were well aware that he loved you; Katniss and you still did what you did. I was convinced that you actually began replicating the same feelings toward him. I was darn wrong; you didn't care about him as much as you seemed to. You'd be a good actress,' Prim swallowed her piece of bread and then stared into my eyes and I just gulped. 'That's it. Prim, off to your room! You do not go-' 'Mom, let it go. She didn't say anything wrong. And I do care about him, Prim but just, not like that.' I struggled to form proper sentences because I was just so confused. What did she know that I didn't? 'You have a terrible way of showing it. Maybe you shouldn't have acted the way you acted at the games, all lovey dovey. We all would've had a happy ending.' Her final words were said before she left the table, excusing herself and slowly closing the door to her room. I sat the entire night wondering about everything she said. Maybe yes, I had been affectionate during the games but even he knew that it was an act and all I wanted to do was to get us both home safely. I never meant to cause him to fall in love with me but the universe definitely didn't go my way. The next day at work was intense when they declared Peeta as my new partner since we were lovers. (No one knew about the truth, everyone just believed whatever was on TV and up until now, we were still together) He didn't say anything except if he had questions. I couldn't help but feel bad because i brought this up on him. The whole day moved slower than I pleased but I needed to get my sister that present so the least i could do was try to bond with him again. 'I didn't mean to hurt you that bad,' I blurted out during those first few quiet hours between us both. He shrugged and didn't even look up to answer. 'You already did.' xxx. He doesn't talk to me at work for the first two weeks unless it's completely necessary and even then, he asks other people to avoid talking to me but no one was as good as I was at this job so he'd eventually have to come back to me. Well, he didn't talk to me up until today. He came storming in the store, looking furious as he looked at me with an angry expression. I